According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.457.
The Turkish Journal of Pediatrics is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering pediatrics.
The journal was established in 1954 as Vestnik Slovenskega kemijskega društva and obtained its current name in 1993.
It was established on March 15, 1913, and permanently organized later that year.
Since 2009, the editors-in-chief have been Ali Ghorbani and Evangelos Milios.
This includes papers on numerical techniques and data assimilation techniques that apply to the atmosphere and/or ocean environment.
It is the official journal of the Sex Information and Education Council of Canada.
The editor-in-chief is Britton L. T. Plourde.
The Archives Italiennes de Biologie: A Journal of Neuroscience is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal.
It is based at the University of Washington.
It obtained its present name in 1998, which also reflects its association with the European Research Community on Flow, Turbulence and Combustion.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell, a publishing business of John Wiley & Sons.
The Editorial Team is currently led by a team at Cardiff University and led by Gareth Williams and Ian Rees Jones as joint Editors in Chief.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the International Philosophical Bibliography, Philosopher's Index, Philosophy Research Index, and PhilPapers.
The Journal of Infrared, Millimeter, and Terahertz Waves is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
It is published by law students through the O'Brien Center for Scholarly Publication, the publishing foundation for UC Hastings.
The Nouvelles Annales de Mathématiques was a French scientific journal in mathematics.
The journal was established in 2004 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell in collaboration with the Cornell Law School.
Dacia is a Romanian academic journal of archeology published by the Vasile Pârvan Institute of Archaeology, Bucharest.
It is an official Journal of the European Federation of Chemical Engineering.
The editors-in-chief are G. Garson and Ronald Anderson.
It was established in 1922 by Hardin Craig.
The Journal of Grid Computing is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
All submitted manuscripts are subject to initial appraisal by the Editor.
This is a refereed journal with an emphasis on Asian and Indian perspectives.
The first electronic edition of The Astronomical Journal was published in January, 1998.
Silva Iaponicarum is a quarterly open access academic journal covering Japanese studies and published in Polish, English, and Japanese by Japanese studies institutions in Poland.
JAMA Neurology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Medical Association.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.234.
the journal is abstracted and idnexed in: International Bibliography of Social Sciences, Cambridge Scientific Abstracts, and Language and Language Behavior Abstracts.
French Forum is a peer-reviewed academic journal.
It regularly features film reviews, interviews with directors, actors, and cinematographers, as well as covering national cinemas on a country by country basis.
Acta Biochimica et Biophysica Sinica is a peer-reviewed, scientific journal, which publishes original research articles, short communications, and reviews in the fields of biochemistry and biophysics.
The Mande Studies Association is an international organisation open to all individuals with an academic or professional interest in the Mande region of West Africa.
The Journal of Supply Chain Management is a scholarly, research journal which has been published since 1965.
The editors-in-chief are Greg Cuthbertson, Paul Landau, Henriëtte Lubbe, and Russel Viljoen.
The journal also publishes research on hybrid processes combining ion exchange and waste minimization in ion exchange and sorption processes.
It is one of the world's oldest general medical journals.
The journal was established in 1961 and has consistently published articles by leading American and foreign scholars.
It has been in publication since 1921 and is currently published quarterly by SAGE Publications.
In recent years, following Armenia's independence in 1991, most articles have come to include English abstracts.
It was established in 2002 and is currently edited by Lance Freeman and Sudhir Venkatesh.
The Journal of Critical Care is a peer reviewed medical journal which covers intensive care medicine.
It was established in 1969 and is published 10 times per year by Elsevier.
Computers in Human Behavior is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering human-computer interaction and cyberpsychology.
Perkin Transactions is a scientific journal devoted to organic chemistry published from 1997 to 2002 by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
As of 2007, the editor in chief is Ahmet Ömer Koçak.
It is indexed by Mathematical Reviews, Zentralblatt MATH, Science Citation Index, and Current Contents/Engineering, Computing and Technology.
It publishes topical reviews, full-length papers, short communications, and book reviews.
Archivos de Medicina Veterinaria is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Faculty of Veterinary Sciences of the Southern University of Chile.
Minds and Machines is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering artificial intelligence, philosophy, and cognitive science.
The current editors are Leo Suryadinata and Neo Peng Fu.
There are also book reviews for selected recently released books and a full list of books received.
It was established in 1932 and is published by the Current Science Association along with the Indian Academy of Sciences.
The Journal of Insect Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal of entomology.
The journal hosts biennial symposia to discuss timely issues in international law.
Hand Therapy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Physical medicine and rehabilitation.
Established in 1916 it is the official journal of the American Association of Immunologists which publishes the journal.
This journal was formerly known as Journal of Biochemical and Microbiological Technology and Engineering and first published in February 1959 with ISSN 0368-1467.
It was established in 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
The journal is part of a series of BMC journals published by the UK-based publisher BioMed Central.
Physical Review is an American peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1893 by Edward Nichols.
Administrative Science Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of organizational studies.
The Patient: Patient-Centered Outcomes Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal dedicated to presenting solely the patient's perspective.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 11.202.
Archives of Scientific Psychology is an open access academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.
Advanced Emergency Nursing Journal is a peer-reviewed nursing journal for advanced practice registered nurses in the field of emergency nursing.
From 1999 to 2003, five more volumes were released by Routledge.
The editors-in-chief are Kathleen D. Billman and Craig Nessan.
The journal publishes research articles and critical reviews on all aspects of plant pathology except for articles on pesticide and resistance screening.
Molecular Brain is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research on all aspects of the nervous system at the molecular, cellular and systems levels.
Publication frequency increased from quarterly to bimonthly in 1988.
Founded by scholars focused primarily on studies of Native North America, the journal has, over its history, progressively become more global in scope.
The Review was founded in 1939 by John Crowe Ransom, critic and professor of English at Kenyon College, who served as its editor until 1959.
Its principal objective is to provide a forum for the exchange of ideas among African scholars from a variety of intellectual persuasions and various disciplines.
The journal covers the field of sedimentology and sedimentary basin analysis.
The journal was established in 1971 as the Revista Brasileira de Física, obtaining its current title in 1992.
Economica is a peer-reviewed academic journal of generalist economics published on behalf of the London School of Economics by Wiley-Blackwell.
The journal publishes four issues plus one supplement per year.
IEEE Components, Packaging & Manufacturing Technology Society
The Fibonacci Quarterly has an editorial board of nineteen members and is overseen by the nine-member board of directors of The Fibonacci Association.
It is currently edited by Daniel Houser and Bernd Weber.
As Theoretica Chimica Acta the journal had the unusual policy of requiring that all articles had an abstract written in English, German, and French.
It is the English translation of the Russian journal IIzvestiya VUZ.
Applied Spectroscopy Reviews is a peer reviewed scientific journal that publishes review articles on all aspects of spectroscopy.
It is published by the American Psychiatric Association and is edited by Howard H. Goldman.
The editors-in-chief are Gregory C. Berlet and Lowell Weil, Jr..
The journal covers metropolitan and community problems and urban society.
As of 2014, it is ranked in the first quartile of the SCImago Journal Rank of scholarly journals in the history category.
The disciplines represented in the journal include history, philology, literature and the arts, philosophy, anthropology, sociology, archaeology, and religious studies.
Henry Prize Stories, and anthologies for New Stories from the Midwest, New Stories from the South, and Best American Short Stories.
EPS also includes more substantive pieces that provide a political science perspective on important current events.
The current editor-in-chief is J. Steven Alexander.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Political Science Abstracts, Historical Abstracts, and America: History and Life.
Late Imperial China, formerly Ch'ing-shih wen-t'i until 1984, is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1965.
Among the most discussed topics are class struggle, contemporary Marxist currents, intellectuals, Turkish politics, and international developments.
It was established in 1999 and is the official journal of the Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco.
It is the official journal of the American Headache Society.
The International Review of Psychiatry is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Institute of Psychiatry.
It covers all aspects of managing small companies.
Computer Music Journal was established in 1977.
Co-editors are Hugo Dittberner, Norbert Hummelt, Hermann Korte, Steffen Martus, Axel Ruckaberle, Michael Scheffel, Claudia Stockinger and Michael Töteberg.
Previous editors have been Nigel M. de S. Cameron, J. Gordon McConville, Mark W. Elliott, and Jamie Grant.
Paperback Rangifer was published regularly from 1981 to 2007.
The journal's editor-in-chief is Norman K. Denzin.
All submissions that pass the internal review process are subject to a double-blind external assessment by at least two experts in the relevant subject area.
The journal is indexed in Revue des revues démographiques, Repère, Sociological Abstracts, and MEDLINE.
It covers the history of early maps, cartography, and map-related ideas.
It publishes original articles, reviews, and short research communications in all areas of biological sciences.
It is named after a small Hawaiian bird.
Future Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal established in 2005 and published by Future Medicine.
Furthermore, HICLR hosts an annual symposium where a series of experts discuss a pressing issue in international law.
Lears began to edit it in 2002.
It was established in 1976 and is published 24 times a year by Elsevier.
Also in 2007, Accounting Perspectives took over the publication of accounting cases previously offered by Journal of Accounting Case Research.
The journal is published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
Merck has denied claims that articles within it were ghost written by Merck and has stated that the articles were all reprinted from peer-reviewed medical journals.
Its scope includes fossil, nuclear, and renewable energy sources, and research into energy storage.
Long River Review is University of Connecticut's award-winning annual literary magazine/journal run by undergraduate students with the assistance of faculty staff.
It publishes articles on the subject of auditory and non-auditory effects of occupational, environmental, and leisure noise.
Review of Public Personnel Administration is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Public Administration.
Mycological Progress is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the study of fungi including lichens.
This journal is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics.
The Anales de la Real Sociedad Española de Química is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal in chemistry.
The African Journal of AIDS Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the National Inquiry Services Centre on topics related to AIDS in Africa.
It was established in January 1947 as the Journal of General Microbiology and obtained its current name in 1994.
Previous editors include Philip A. Vernon and Sybil B. G. Eysenck.
The journal "embraces all areas of theology as well as other types of religious studies."
Hydrogeology Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published eight times a year by Springer Science+Business Media.
The Journal of Injury and Violence Research is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal covering clinical practice in traumatology.
It is distributed bimonthly to all members of the academy, and covers the scientific, organizational, and legislative developments in the field of ambulatory care nursing.
Soil Research is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing.
The journal covers research into fundamental processes underlying learning and behavior in animals.
Advances in Complex Systems is a peer-reviewed journal published quarterly by World Scientific providing a multidisciplinary perspective to the study of complex systems.
The Journal of Asian American Studies is a triannual academic journal established in 1998 and is the official publication of the Association for Asian American Studies.
The journal is sponsored by the Federalism and Intergovernmental Relations Section of the American Political Science Association and receives financial support from Florida State University.
The journal covers a broad spectrum of issues in HIV infection: education, treatment, prevention, research, clinical practice issues, advocacy, policy, and program development.
It was the flagship law review among the five accredited law journals at Rutgers School of Law–Newark.
The Journal of Graph Algorithms and Applications is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the subject of graph algorithms and graph drawing.
Articles can be downloaded free of charge.
In 1954, the Bulletin changed its name to Business History Review and took its current format of publishing peer-reviewed research articles and book reviews.
It obtained its current name in 2009.
The journal transitioned to an online open-access publication in the summer of 2008.
English Language and Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering linguistics and published three times a year by Cambridge University Press.
The journal is supported by the Royal Australian Chemical Institute.
It was established in 2010 and is published by Frontiers, which was included in Jeffrey Beall's list of "potential, possible, or probable predatory publishers".
JBQ was established in 1972 as Dor le Dor.
It covers antimicrobial, antiviral, antifungal, and antiparasitic agents and chemotherapy.
Parasite is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all aspects of human and animal parasitology.
The Texas International Law Journal is a student-edited law journal at the University of Texas School of Law.
The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.
The theme of the one-day conference was "Global Challenges: Global Impact".
It covers issues concerning management and business.
Each issue addresses a particular subject of interest in archaeology.
The review was established in 1948 as the University of Florida Law Review and it obtained its current name in 1989.
The current editors are Tony Wright MP and Deborah Mabbett.
The founder and original Senior Editor of the journal was David S. Hall and later the Senior Editor was Peter B. Anderson.
The editors-in-chief are Dominic Boyer, James Faubion, and Cymene Howe.
Journal content is available for free after twelve months.
It was established in 1977 and is currently published by Wiley-Blackwell.
It explores multiple perspectives of feminism rather than promoting a single unifying form.
The journal's editor is Charles J Limb.
The Canadian Journal of School Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that focuses on the theory, research, and practice of psychology in education.
The journal is published by Duke University Press on behalf of the Society for French Historical Studies.
Bibliographic Index was a metabibliography and bibliographic database published by the H. W. Wilson Company.
The influential journal, edited for many years by Sonia Raiziss, published poetry, prose, book reviews and translations with an emphasis on translations, art, and cross-cultural exchange.
The journal provides a forum for exploring law and public policy relating to women’s rights and gender.
The RSA’s Research Networks are formed by RSA members to organise a series of events to examine an issue of collective interest.
The journal is accompanied by two annual supplements, Philosophical Issues and Philosophical Perspectives.
It was established in 1988 as Pulmonary Pharmacology and obtained its current title in 1997.
RNA is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research on all aspects of RNA molecules, including their structures, metabolism, functions, and evolution.
It has been recognized as the main publication of Colombian historical studies.
The journal spans the spectrum of budget process and policy and financial management.
It obtained its current name in 2001.
The journal features articles, notes, book reviews, and recent legal developments in Hong Kong as well as mainland China.
The journal obtained its current title in 1968.
Molecular Informatics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley VCH.
Clinical Rehabilitation is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes scholarly articles in the field of Rehabilitation medicine.
The Asian Journal of Andrology is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering andrology.
It is published by Elsevier and is an official journal of the Society for Behavioral Neuroendocrinology.
The journal is published by the MIT Press, in cooperation with the HighWire Press associated with Stanford University, and the Cognitive Neuroscience Institute.
It was established in 1992, and transferred to publishing with Pensoft Publishers in 2011, under an open access system.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 0.594.
It includes analysis of research and writing, critical opinion, and reviews.
It was established in 1979 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association.
It is currently housed in the Institute of Asian Research [1] at the University of British Columbia.
It was established in 1995 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the American Academy of Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery.
The Journal of American Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering international perspectives on the history, literature, politics and culture of the United States.
OMICS International replaced Medknow Publications, which had published the journal for 10 years.
Its primary publisher is Springer Science and Business Media B.V. based in the United States.
The editors are Volker Bach, Edward Frenkel, Maxim Kontsevich, Dirk Kreimer, Nikita Nekrasov, Massimo Porrati, and Daniel Sternheimer.
It covers all aspects of artificial intelligence and was established in 1989.
The European Journal of Criminology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of criminology.
It was established in 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Social Work and Research.
Genes is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that is published by MDPI.
I/S: A Journal of Law and Policy for the Information Society is a law journal covering the intersection of law, policy, and information technology.
It covers a range of subjects from the later Middle Ages to post-1945.
The Trust appointed Thakurta as the new editor of the Journal with effect from April 1, 2016.
The Energy Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the International Association for Energy Economics and covering issues related to energy economics.
The editors-in-chief are Gianfranco Gilardi and Jian-Jiang Zhong.
Systems Research and Behavioral Science originated from the merger of two journals, Systems Research and Behavioral Science.
Gradhiva is an anthropological and museological journal, founded in 1986 by the poet and social scientist Michel Leiris and by the anthropologist Jean Jamin.
In addition, the journal also covers decisions and leading cases from jurisdictions around the world, as well as editorials, opinions, reports, case notes, and book reviews.
The journal, published since 1980, is now published by IOP Publishing on behalf of the European Physical Society.
It was established in 1978 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
The first issue of Zoologische Mededeelingen appeared in 1915, as the official journal of Naturalis' predecessor 's Rijks Museum van Natuurlijke Historie.
Theory and Decision is a peer-reviewed multidisciplinary journal of decision science published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media.
Computational Science & Discovery was a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering computational science in physics, chemistry, biology, and applied science.
The journal published its last print edition in July 2003, but has continuously maintained an online version since November 1996.
Social Epistemology: A Journal of Knowledge, Culture and Policy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal.
The journal was established in 1972 as the Journal of Non-White Concerns in Personnel and Guidance.
It was established in 1917 and in 1984 was split into two parts, A and B.
The Journal of Contemporary Water Research & Education is a scientific journal covering research on water resources published by the Universities Council on Water Resources.
In 2010, the journal initiated the Philosophical Explorations Essay Prize.
Second-year staff members assist in the substantive production of the Review while also researching and writing a student note on a business-related topic.
The journal was established in 1981 as Psychomusicology, subtitled A Journal of Research in Music Cognition.
The journal is published quarterly in January, April, July, and October by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
It publishes papers on original research, book reviews, and essays and focusses on research comparing Nordic countries with one another or with other countries.
The journal was established in 1931 and the editor-in-chief is Ian R. Stone.
The co-editors are Roberto Civitelli and Stuart H. Ralston.
In 1994, the journal became associated with the newly formed International Society of Molecular Evolution.
It covers all aspects of remote sensing and was established in 2007.
The journal is the sister publication of French Studies, but publishes shorter articles of up to 1,200 words.
This led the society to cancel their publishing agreement with Pulsus, switching instead to Canadian Science Publishing.
Most articles focus on the Bulgarian and Balkan fauna but articles from other geographical areas are also published.
The British Journal of Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society.
PeerJ is an open access peer-reviewed scientific mega journal covering research in the biological and medical sciences.
It is published in English and French by the University of Nebraska Press.
The Journal is published quarterly by an organization of second and third year law students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Canadian Journal of Research, Section C: Botanical Sciences going on as Canadian Journal of Botany.
Environmental and Resource Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering environmental economics published monthly in three volumes per year.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.10, ranking it 42nd out of 310 journals in the category "Mathematics".
It was established in 2001 and is published by Informa.
In 1998 the journal Mouse Genome was merged into Mammalian Genome.
The journal is published by Routledge on behalf of the National Communication Association and the editor is Michele Jackson.
The journal covers research on all aspects of the cardiovascular system.
The journal publishes scholarly articles, interviews and memoirs by computer pioneers, and news and events in the field.
The Armenian newspaper Nor Dar called it "a brief encyclopedy of the great General's life and the period of his activities".
Ross also offers dual degrees with other University of Michigan colleges and schools.
Previous editors include Peter A. Clemoes and Michael Lapidge.
It was one of the longest running journals of its type in the 19th century.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 1.931.
Acta Botanica Brasilica is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Brazilian Society of Botany.
Journal of Research on Adolescence is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Research on Adolescence.
The monthly journal is the official publication of the American Society for Mass Spectrometry and publishes original research papers covering all aspects of mass spectrometry.
Frontiers in Bioscience is a peer reviewed scientific journal.
The Archaeological Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal for archaeological and architectural reports and articles.
In addition to the series' own ISSN, each volumes receives its own ISBN.
It is currently edited by Scott Lucas.
Foreign Affairs is considered one of America's most influential foreign policy magazines.
Established in 1967, it is published monthly by the Microbiology Society.
Science Communication is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of communication of science and technology.
It was established in 2001 and is published by Nature Publishing Group.
It was launched in 1994, and covers both theoretical and experimental research in physical and properties and processes that occur at the boundaries of materials.
Restoration Quarterly is a scholarly journal associated with the Churches of Christ.
It is published quarterly by MIT Press for the Association for Computational Linguistics.
Its intended readership includes psychiatrists, sex therapists, psychologists, social workers, family therapists, pastoral counselors, and law enforcement personnel.
It publishes original research articles, reviews, and short communications on all aspects of Saccharomyces and other clinically important yeasts.
It was established in 1972 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association.
It is published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media.
The first volume of this journal was published in March 1929.
Energy & Fuels is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society.
In 1970 it absorbed Minerva Medica Siciliana.
Microscopy Research and Technique is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all areas of advanced microscopy in the biological, clinical, chemical, and materials science fields.
It also hosts speeches, brown bag events, and other opportunities to expose law students to this area of law.
The journal is published by an independent student group at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law, with recent issues available open access online.
Philosophy & Rhetoric is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the relationship between philosophy and rhetoric.
The founding editor-in-chief was David Watts, followed by John Flenley and Philip Stott.
It was previously published by Baltzer Science Publishers, which was then sold to Wolters Kluwer.
The Wallace Stevens Journal is an academic journal established in 1977 and the official publication of The Wallace Stevens Society.
Global Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal based at Durham University focusing on the "point where ideas and policy meet", published in association with Wiley-Blackwell.
There are multiple ways authors can provide open access to their work.
From 2005 to 2008, MIR's editorial office was at Christian Albrechts University of Kiel.
It is published three times per year and online access to the journal is a benefit of membership in the society.
In 1999, the editors described "the journal's recent move toward a more overtly political discussion of historical topics".
It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Society for Cellular Therapy.
Content over 6 months old is freely available.
The Journal of Political Economy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 3.086 .
It was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
The editors-in-chief are Marcus A. Koch, Martin A. Lysak,, and Karol Marhold.
Biology Letters has an average turnaround time of 4 weeks from submission to a first decision.
It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Institute of Forecasters.
Articles are published in French, with abstracts in French and English.
The journal includes essays and articles written by Chesterton, and occasionally publishes special issues on particular topics.
The Journal of Zhejiang University Science B: Biomedicine & Biotechnology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering biomedicine, biochemistry, and biotechnology.
Copeland was awarded Lecturer of the Year 2010 by the University of Canterbury's student union.
It aims for interdisciplinary coverage of real-life applications, whether in theoretical, simulated forms or actual programming.
It is published monthly by UBM Medica and is distributed to about 50,000 psychiatrists monthly.
Field Methods is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Social Sciences.
The journal covers all main fields of management studies: from entrepreneurship and organizational behaviour to strategic management and finance.
The most recent is an issue on pacification.
The journal is published by the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics, and it appears five times a year.
Online supplements are published irregularly and without access restrictions.
Its emphasis is British and European Lepidoptera, but material on other insect orders is also published regularly.
It changed its name to the current title in 1993.
Back issues are being added to an open-access archive in the University of Hawaii at Mānoa's ScholarSpace institutional repository.
Estudios filológicos is an academic journal published by the Humanities and Philosophy Faculty of the Southern University of Chile.
It was established in 2009 and is published by BioMed Central.
The Revista de la Sociedad Venezolana Química, is a Venezolanan scientific journal in chemistry.
The journal was established in 2010 with editor-in-chief Isidro Morales Moreno.
It features scholarly articles on mathematical applications in allied fields, notably computer science, mechanics, astrophysics, geophysics, and high-energy physics.
It was established in 2004 and is published by the Nature Publishing Group.
The Ateneo Law Journal is an academic journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at Ateneo Law School.
Thomson Reuters also credited the journal with 41,032 citations in the Journal Citation Reports released in June 2016, ranking 19th in the same category.
The journal publishes articles on a wide range of public policy issues.
Acta Zoologica Academiae Scientiarum Hungaricae is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research studies in the fields of animal taxonomy, systematics, biogeography, and ecology.
It publishes original research articles, mini reviews, short reports, and letters to the editor.
It was the first journal devoted exclusively to Celtic languages and literature and the oldest significant journal of Celtic studies still in existence today.
Papers are published in English or French.
New Astronomy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering topics in astronomy and astrophysics.
It also covers ancient DNA studies, evolutionary biological anthropology, and research exploring biological diversity expressed in terms of adaptation.
It is intended to cover the legal issues facing individuals, entrepreneurs, and business owners on an international scale.
The Journal of Knot Theory and Its Ramifications was established in 1992 by Louis Kauffman and was the first journal purely devoted to knot theory.
The journal was established in 1977 and its current editor-in-chief is David E. Hill.
It is published by the African Gender Institute.
Sirena: Poetry, Art and Criticism appeared biannually in March and October, with an average length of an issue being 160 pages.
The editors-in-chief are Tracy Denean Sharpley-Whiting and Tiffany Ruby Patterson-Myers.
It was established in 1991 and is published by IOS Press.
Diplomatic History is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the foreign relations history of the United States.
George Heidorn transformed it into a print journal in 1980, with quarterly publication.
It was the fifth journal of the Public Library of Science, a non-profit open-access publisher.
The journal was established in 2007 as Frontiers of Energy and Power Engineering in China, before obtaining its current title.
Articles focus on diseases especially in the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman region and analysis of various regional problems.
In addition to regular articles, Land Economics also publishes comments on articles previously published in the journal, along with replies from the original author.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 4.085.
The American Journal of Pathology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering pathology.
It was established in 1950 and publishes articles on mathematical logic.
The journal was established in 1989 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers.
It was established in 1983 as an occasional series concerned with aspects of the Homo economicus concept.
The journal is edited by Sharynne McLeod and has been published since 1999.
Published by Springer, the journal normally appears in 3 annual volumes, each consisting of 3 issues.
The journal was not published from 1980-1982.
It was established in 1986 by Andrew Tallon at Marquette University and is the journal of the Karl Rahner Society.
The journal was never indexed by the Science Citation Index and therefore didn't get an official impact factor.
The editor is Eric P. Wenaas, Ph.D.
Oceanography is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded.
Topics covered include immunology, microbiology, infectious disease, virology, bacteriology, mycology, public health, parasitology, and tropical medicine.
It was revived in the mid 1990s as The Princeton Theological Review.
A number of IJFAB's published articles include original contributions in French and Spanish; as well, some articles have been "specifically written and translated for IJFAB."
Linguistics: An Interdisciplinary Journal of the Language Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal of general linguistics published by De Gruyter Mouton.
The Encyclopedia of American Studies first appeared in 2001 as a four-volume print edition, published by Grolier Press.
The journal was previously established as Journal of Cellular and Comparative Physiology in 1932, but was renamed to its present title in 1966.
The International Journal of Conflict and Violence is an open access interdisciplinary scientific journal covering conflict- and violence-research.
IOVS features original research, mostly pertaining to clinical and laboratory ophthalmology and vision research in general.
He was succeeded by Stephen Lacy, Steven S. Wildman, Ben Compaine, and Brendan Cunningham.
It is published on-line and in hard copy by MIT Press.
The Yale Journal of International Affairs is an international affairs policy journal based out of Yale University.
Science of the Total Environment is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering environmental science.
It publishes regular special theme issues on specific regions, problems, or the state of a discipline.
The editors-in-chief are James M. DuBois and Ana S. Iltis.
The journal has been published under the Mosby imprint since its inception.
It was founded in June 1994 by Jenine Gordon Bockman and Jeffrey Michael Gordon Bockman.
It was established 1955 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
In 1967 the editorship passed to Eliot Deutsch and in 1986 to Roger T. Ames, both at the University of Hawaiʻi.
Current Genomics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of genomics.
The editors in chief are Greg Martin and Emma Pitchforth.
The Journal of Applied Crystallography is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Crystallography.
The two series are two of the leading journals in the field and are widely known as "JCTA" and "JCTB".
Part E: Journal of Process Mechanical Engineering
IEEE Transactions on Professional Communication is an peer-reviewed journal publishing four times a year since 1957 by the IEEE Professional Communication Society.
The journal's editors-in-chief are Pertti Alasuutari, Jon Cruz, Ann Gray, and Joke Hermes.
It covers research in all fields of psychiatry.
Journal of Child and Family Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media that focuses on family child, adolescent, and family psychology.
Atenea is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal containing research and critical reflections on Chilean and Latin American culture including arts, literature, history, sociology, and other sciences.
The publication today specializes in articles on solar physics, extragalactic astronomy, cosmology, geophysics, and instrumentation for these fields.
The current editor is J. D. McClatchy, a poet and literary critic.
The American Journal of Cardiology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of cardiology and general cardiovascular disease.
Before August 2003, it was named News in Physiological Sciences.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, it has a 2011 impact factor of 1.032, ranking it 60th out of 113 journals in the category "Business".
The International Journal on Media Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge from Taylor & Francis.
The journal's editor-in-chief is Jon R. Conte.
Baha'i Studies Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers contemporary issues regarding the principles, history, and philosophy of the Bahá'í Faith.
African Symposium is a quarterly on-line academic journal of educational research published by the African Educational Research Network.
The BIC has a standing secretariat, located in Edinburgh, Scotland, and meets in semi-annual summit session and more frequent ministerial meetings.
Biomarkers is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on biomarkers.
English and French are the recognized languages of the Society.
As of January 2012, there are 2 deputy editors and 20 associate editors.
As per 2011, Lemche still serves as editor-in-chief.
Molecular Vision is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal that covers the molecular and cellular biology and genetics of the cortical and ocular visual systems.
Language and Linguistics Compass is an online peer-reviewed linguistics journal established by Blackwell Publishers in 2006.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.571, ranking it 43rd out of 81 journals in the category "Anthropology".
The journal publishes different article types including research papers, rapid communications, and topical reviews.
The multi-disciplinary journal was published by World Scientific until 2010.
The Australian Journal of Physics was a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation in Australia.
The journal was published under the direction of the sixth Rebbe of Chabad, Rabbi Yosef Yitzchak Schneersohn.
The journal is published by the University of Illinois Press and the current editor is Stephen Tropiano, director of the Ithaca College Los Angeles Program.
Eric Le Bourhis, Universite Poitiers - coatings, surfaces and interfaces
A companion online publication, Virginia Law Review Online, has been in publication since 2007.
Brooks continued by noting that the magazine occupied "the bloody crossroads where social science and public policy meet matters of morality, culture and virtue".
It is the official journal of the United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology.
However, back issues continue to be distributed and sold by its associated organization, the Noontide Press.
The journal is also an outlet for articles in the management fields of organizational behavior and human resource management.
As well as articles on mathematics, the journal published propaganda articles giving the Nazi viewpoint on the relation between mathematics and race.
Nearly twenty percent of Western Australia's plant taxa have been published in Nuytsia.
The journal's editor-in-chief is Jon R. Conte.
Publishing formats include review papers and selected conference papers.
JBL is published quarterly and includes scholarly articles, critical notes, and book reviews by members of the Society.
Work from the journal has recently been included in the Best American Mystery Stories and the Best American Non-Required Reading.
Current History, based in Philadelphia, maintains no institutional, political, or governmental affiliation.
The Cornell HR Review is an online journal of human resource management scholarship published independently by graduate students at Cornell University.
Currently, the journal is edited by Hans-Christoph Schmitt and Ernst-Joachim Waschke and published by Walter de Gruyter.
Environmental Research is a peer-reviewed environmental science and environmental health journal published by Elsevier.
It was established in 1919 as The Review of Economic Statistics and obtained its current name in 1948.
Its 2009 MCQ was 0.23, and its 2009 impact factor was 1.576.
It receives financial support from Five Colleges, Inc., a consortium which includes Amherst College and four other educational institutions in a short geographical radius.
The complete archive of contents from 1855 to the present is available online.
Statistical Methods in Medical Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Health Care and Medical Informatics.
The Rivista italiana di economia demografia e statistica is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access academic journal published by the Italian society of economics demography and statistics.
The major emphasis is on physiological problems at the cellular and molecular level.
It was established in 1919, at which point it was called the Journal of Farm Economics.
It was recently ranked 11th of 67 higher education journals for both quality and esteem in a study by the University of Newcastle, Australia.
The current editors-in-chief is Stefano Passerini, According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 6.217.
It has been in publication since 1990 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 3.154.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index, Scopus, Biosis, and Geobase.
The Journal asiatique is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1822 by the Société Asiatique covering Asian studies.
The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.
The International Journal of Drug Policy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering drug policy with respect to both illegal and legal drugs.
Publishing formats include original research, letters, and tutorials.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 3.023.
Close international collaboration on the research, writing, review, and editing characterizes the production of the Flora.
The journal presents contributions that employ existing experimental techniques to gain an understanding of the underlying flow physics in specific areas.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 3.709.
It publishes both short notes, full length contributions, as well as survey articles.
The editors-in-chief are Irene Heim and Angelika Kratzer.
Access is free to articles older than six months and abstracts.
It cover research in all areas of nanotechnology.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Education Research Complete and Scopus.
The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the official journal of the Society for Histochemistry.
Arethusa is an academic journal established in 1967.
It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
It was established in 2004 by the University of South Bohemia Faculty of Theology, Czech Republic and is now published by Editiones Scholasticae, Germany.
It was founded in 1993 and is published three times a year by World Scientific Publishing.
The Mississippi Quarterly: The Journal of Southern Cultures is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal that mainly covers Southern history and literature.
Stance: An International Undergraduate Philosophy Journal is an academic journal of philosophy which is published annually in April.
It was established in 1980 and the editor-in-chief is Adonis Yatchew.
Africanus is a biannual academic journal published by UNISA Press.
From 1975-1980, it was known as the British Journal of International Studies.
The UCLA Law Review ranks 7th in the nation among all legal law journals.
The current editor-in-chief is Janet Brennan Croft.
Poverty & Public Policy is a quarterly e-only peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization.
The Journal of Clinical Neuroscience is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the discipline of neurosurgery and neurology.
The Journal of Molecular Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in neuroscience.
The journal was established in January 2005.
It was established in 1924 by the Romanian historian and archaeologist Vasile Pârvan, in whose honor the institute was named.
It was established in 1998 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the University Council for Educational Administration.
The principal focus of this journal is theoretical statistics.
Arts & Letters is an American semiannual literary journal, published by Georgia College & State University in Milledgeville, Georgia.
Previous contributors to the review have included Mary McAleese, Brian Walsh, Susan Denham, Pat Cox, Gerard Hogan, Fergus Ryan, Oran Doyle, Desmond Ryan, and Raymond Ryan.
The monthly publication became a weekly journal in 1870, and the title The Pharmaceutical Journal was adopted in 1895.
Rheumatology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published monthly by Oxford University Press.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index, Scopus, AGRICOLA, Biosis, Food Science & Technology Abstracts, Academic Search Premier, and Geobase.
Lyman was a physician who held the post of Dean of Pharmacy at the Universities of Nebraska and Arizona.
It was established in 1964 by Nicholas Rescher and is published quarterly by University of Illinois Press under license with North American Philosophical Publications.
It also publishes reviews of statistical software and books.
It is indexed by Index Islamicus, Academic Search Premier, RePEC and European Reference Index for the Humanities and Social Sciences.
The journal publishes 36 issues per year.
It is the official journal of the American Society of Missiology, and is published by Sage Publications.
It is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Union for International Cancer Control.
It is published by the European Centre for International Affairs.
Solar Energy Materials and Solar Cells is a scientific journal published by Elsevier covering research related to solar energy materials and solar cells.
The Electronic Journal of Theoretical Physics is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that was established in 2003.
In 1989 the Bulletin became bi-annual and continues so to the present day.
It is named after the 19th century Italian Argentine palaeontologist Florentino Ameghino.
Articles are selected from a list of over 100 source journals, covering not only analytical chemistry, but also food and environmental chemistry subject areas.
It was established in 2010 and is published by the American Society for Nutrition.
It covers research on the history of Scotland.
It is designated as "green" on the SHERPA/RoMEO website.
It was co-founded by David M. Halperin and Carolyn Dinshaw in the early 1990s.
Ohio History is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of Ohio and the Midwest.
It was established in 1923 as the Australasian Journal of Psychology and Philosophy, obtaining its current title in 1947.
The journal's policy placed full responsibility for the integrity, precision and accuracy of publications on the authors, rather than peer reviewers or the editor.
The Journal of Continuing Education in Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal published by Slack.
The editors-in-chief are Yan-Gao Man and Naoto T. Ueno.
Its editor in chief is Mark K. Bauman.
As of 1 October 2015 Mark B. Salter is the editor-in-chief.
It is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
Translational Research: The Journal of Laboratory and Clinical Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering translational research.
The Journal of Clinical Pharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of pharmacology.
The journal's book review editor is Michael Allen.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 1.151, ranking it 20th out of 51 journals in the category "Ethics".
It publishes approximately 20 articles per year.
Palimpsest is listed in the Modern Language Association's International Bibliography.
It was established in 1975 by Stanley Diamond.
Established in 1994, the journal was known as Forschende Komplementärmedizin und Klassische Naturheilkunde from 2000 to 2005, and as Forschende Komplementärmedizin from then until 2017.
All new issues, and old ones that are no longer in print, are provided free in PDF format, under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 2.5 License.
The journal publishes articles, essays, notes, and commentaries that cover a wide range of topics in regulatory, corporate, administrative, international, and comparative law.
The focus is researching practical applications of engineering materials including materials processing.
The journal is published by the University of Denver Sturm College of Law and was established in 1969.
Articles were chosen instead by the journal's editor-in-chief based on whether he considered the submitted work interesting and important.
Since then the Editorial Board has evolved into a hierarchical panel, but the mission remains the same.
Frontiers in Psychology is an open-access peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of psychology.
DW Cash, NW Adger, F Berkes et al.
The Journal of Mundane Behavior was a peer-reviewed academic journal of sociology covering everyday behavior and experiences.
It is published by Routledge on behalf of the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality.
Plant Systematics and Evolution is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal covering systematic botany and evolutionary biology.
The journal is indexed by EBSCO databases, Columbia International Affairs Online, and the International Relations and Security Network.
The Journal publishes broad, exploratory articles suggesting new analyses and interpretations, substantial book reviews, and occasional symposia by Japan scholars from around the world.
This in turn opens the door to the consideration of political and human rights issues, including victims of war crimes, and contribution with a comparative perspective.
The Journal of Biomedical Informatics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in health informatics or in translational bioinformatics.
The Journal of Fire Protection Engineering is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field(s) of engineering.
It was established by the American Association of Anatomists in 1906 and is published by John Wiley & Sons.
The Dermatology Online Journal is a monthly open-access peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1995 by Arthur Huntley.
The journal was established in 2006 and publishes educational research papers, teaching and learning notes, and resource reviews.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 3.467.
Zoological Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Zoological Society of Japan covering the broad field of zoology.
It first appeared in 1970 under the heading Zeitschrift für Allgemeine Wissenschaftstheorie / Journal for General Philosophy of Science with Franz Steiner Verlag, Wiesbaden.
The Bulletin of Engineering Geology and the Environment is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in geoscience.
It was established in 1999 and covers research on algebraic topology.
It was established in 1969 as Pharmacological Research Communications, obtaining its current name in 1989.
It also includes reviews of books and other media that relate to the Asian American experience.
It is indexed in Linguistics and Language Behavior Abstracts and the MLA International Bibliography.
Selected papers and discussions of papers presented at the Annual Meetings of the American Economic Association are published along with reports of officers, committees, and representatives.
NeuroImage is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on neuroimaging, including functional neuroimaging and functional human brain mapping.
The Journal des sçavans, established by Denis de Sallo, was the earliest academic journal published in Europe.
In the second stage, if accepted, the final revised papers are published in the journal.
Telos is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in May 1968 to provide the New Left with a coherent theoretical perspective.
It was established in 2006 and is published by Sage Publications.
Theory and Research in Education is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers field of education.
Antioxidants & Redox Signaling is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering redox signaling and antioxidant research.
The Swiss Journal of Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal and the official journal of the Swiss Society of Psychology.
It was established in 1978 and publishes articles on the history, literature, culture, and politics of German-speaking Europe.
The editors-in-chief are Kelly Kadera and Laura Sjoberg.
Each issue is also published as a book with a separate ISBN.
The editor-in-chief is Ken Ono, Emory University, Atlanta, USA.
In 2015, the journal had an impact factor of .625 and was rated as a 4 by the British Academic Journal Guide.
It is published by Akadémiai Kiadó and the current editor-in-chief is Ferenc Kiefer.
The current editor-in-chief since 2015 is Raphael T. Haftka since the passage of the founding editor George I. N. Rozvany.
Oxford Review of Economic Policy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of economics.
Radiology is a monthly, peer reviewed, medical journal, owned and published by the Radiological Society of North America.
The journal is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Raffaele De Caterina.
It is the official journal of the Society of Behavioral Medicine and was established in 1979.
Shortly after incorporation, several sister journals were launched, focusing on specific subtopics within eHealth, such as mHealth, serious games, mental health, and cancer.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.935.
The editor in chief of Cases Journal was Richard Smith.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.558.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts, EMBASE, and Scopus.
Since 2000, it has been published by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
It was established in 1976 under founding Editor James P. Smith.
A tug is a boat or ship that maneuvers vessels by pushing or towing them.
This article is about the Lippincott-published journal, the spine journal most cited in the scholarly community.
From then on, the Journal des savants was published under the patronage of the Institut de France.
It is the official journal of the European Optical Society and is published by IOP Publishing.
The journal was established in 1993 and covers all aspects of transportation geography.
It was known formerly as the post-autistic economics review and the post-autistic economics newsletter.
It was acquired by De Gruyter on January 1, 2011.
European Polymer Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal, established in 1965 and published by Elsevier.
Phonology is a British peer-reviewed journal of phonology published by Cambridge University Press, the only journal devoted exclusively to this subfield of linguistics.
It was established in 1933 when Journal of Physical Chemistry editors refused to publish theoretical works.
The journal was listed in ISI and received an impact factor for the first time in 2012.
It is the official journal of the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer.
It follows the quantitative or formal approaches that have been called cliometrics or the new economic history, applied to any place and time.
The focus of the journal is on research that provides novel insights into the genome biology of all organisms, including advances in genomic medicine.
Although it is not published by the Royal Astronomical Society, it publishes the reports of its meetings.
It was established in 1998 and is published by the Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.136.
Before April 2009, the journal was titled Nature Clinical Practice Cardiovascular Medicine.
Scientific Study of Literature is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Benjamins Publishing Company since 2011.
The Interstate Journal of International Affairs is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal produced by undergraduates and postgraduates from the Department of International Politics at Aberystwyth University.
It was established in 1991 and is published by Cambridge University Press.
The African American Review is a scholarly aggregation of essays on African-American literature, theatre, film, the visual arts, and culture; interviews; poetry; fiction; and book reviews.
Geophysical Journal International is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society and the Deutsche Geophysikalische Gesellschaft.
The Canadian Journal of Law and Society is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1986.
Since 2011, the editor-in-chief is Dries Bonte.
Fortid is a Norwegian historical journal run and edited by the history students at the University of Oslo.
It uses a different citation system than most law journals—the Maroonbook rather than the Bluebook.
The current editor-in-chief is Armando X. Estrada.
Semigroups of operators were initially considered off-topic, but began being included in the journal in 1985.
The Journal of African Law is published biannually by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the School of Oriental and African Studies.
The Current Index to Statistics classifies it as one of over 160 core statistics journals.
It contains excavation reports, book reviews, and historical essays, as well as society notes and accounts of field visits.
The Journal of Transatlantic Studies is published quarterly by Taylor and Francis.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 5.750.
The journal obtained its current name in 1998, increasing the number of yearly issues to eight in 2005.
It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is R.D.
It is published by Springer and was established in 1886 by Robert Koch and Carl Flügge, who were the first editors-in-chief for 25 years.
The journal is ranked 77th out of 104 journals in computer science interdisciplinary applications category and 56th out of 123 journals in statistics and probability category.
The current editors-in-chief are Jürgen Uhlich, Torsten Meißner and Bernhard Maier.
Published in Ghent, edited by Guy Hirsch, it ran for 67 volumes until 1993.
Publishing formats include original research articles, review articles, short notices, letters, and book reviews.
It was also a venue for the influential British Cultural Studies of Stuart Hall.
It was established in 1995 and is published by Taylor & Francis.
Aging is indexed in MEDLINE/PubMed, Pubmed Central, ISI/Web of Science: Science Citation Index Expanded, Scopus, Biological Abstracts, BIOSIS Previews, EMBASE.
It was established in 1959 and is published on behalf of the association by Wiley-Blackwell.
Economic Outlook also features regular Feature Articles as well as a general economic assessment and overview of the United States, European and Japanese economies.
The founding team of editors consisted of David Alan Shapiro, Hans Strupp, and Klaus Grawe.
The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.
The journal publishes 4 issues a year and is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Science Citation Index.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE, PubMed Central, PubMed, and Science Citation Index Expanded.
The American Journal of Reproductive Immunology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering reproductive biology and immunology.
The journal was established in 2003 and is edited by Luiz R. Malabarba.
Mathematics of Operations Research is indexed by the Journal Citation Reports.
Section A has as its primary focus the theory and methodologies that are central to computer science.
The journal was established in 1982 as the Journal of Art & Design Education and became the International Journal of Art & Design in 2002.
The editors-in-chief of the journal during this phase were Gabriel Kreiman and Robert van Gulick.
It appears quarterly, running a total of roughly 600 pages annually.
The first issue appeared in January 2010.
It was established in 2008 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The Journal of Integrative Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of complementary and alternative and integrative medicine.
The Journal of Hydrologic Engineering is a monthly engineering journal, that was first published by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 1996.
It covers works of all levels in the African languages, as well as English, French, and Portuguese, in three indices by subject, country, and author.
The Bulletin is currently published at irregular intervals.
The editors-in-chief are Antony Anghie, Simon Chesterman, and Tan Hsien-Li.
The Archaeological Review from Cambridge is a biannual academic journal of archaeology.
European Neuropsychopharmacology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
Communicatio Socialis is a specialized communication and media sciences publication bearing the subtitle “Journal for Media Ethics and Communication in Church and Society”.
The reviews editor is D. Harlan Wilson.
Muqarnas is an annual academic journal of the Aga Khan Program for Islamic Architecture at Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The Journal of Transatlantic Studies is the official publication of the Transatlantic Studies Associationand is the only scholarly journal dedicated to the study of transatlantic relations.
It was established in 1940 and is published by the Fundación Juan José López-Ibor.
Since 2008 electronic access to the content back to the first English translation volume has been hosted by IOP Publishing.
The Chicago Journal of International Law is one of the three student-edited law journals published at the University of Chicago Law School.
The Journal of Plantation Crops was established in 1973 and the editor-in-chief is V. Krishnakumar.
The current editors-in-chief, besides Greenberg and Park, are Simon P.J.
Molecular Biology and Evolution is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution.
Mark Pagell, Brian Fugate and Barbara Flynn the Co-Editors-in-Chef.
According to an article it published in 2001, at that time the journal had been cited in 22 cases decided by the Supreme Court of Canada.
European Archives of Psychiatry and Clinical Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed medical journal published 8 times a year by Springer Science+Business Media.
As of 2013 the editor-in-chief is Sergei Tabachnikov.
It publishes work in the intersection of molecular biology and evolutionary biology.
The journal was founded in 1983 when it was split from Chinese Annals of Mathematics.
The editor-in-chief is David Weller, James Mackenzie Professor of General Practice, University of Edinburgh, UK.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.726.
The current Editor-in-Chief is Dr. Moyses Szklo.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, Part A has a 2012 impact factor of 1.733, whereas Part B has a 2012 impact factor of 3.896.
Journal of Learning Disabilities is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of special education.
A traditional printed version is also published, at present on an annual basis.
SCER is published in conjunction with the Law and Economics Center at the George Mason University School of Law.
Interventional Neuroradiology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering neuroradiology.
Wang and Eleftherios T. Papoutsakis each subsequently held this position.
Since 1998, it has been published as issue 5 of Systems Research and Behavioral Science.
The journal was established in 1969 by R.P.
The journal features in a poem by Flann O'Brien which satirises scholars who "rose in their nightshift / To write for the Zeitschrift".
It is the official journal of the British Cardiovascular Society.
The word respirology is derived from the Latin root respirare, "to breathe" and the Greek root logos, "knowledge".
Developmental Neurobiology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of neural development.
It contained in-depth indexing of more than 530,000 bibliographies published in English, German, Dutch, and the Scandinavian, Slavic, and Romance languages, including over 185,000 full-text bibliographies.
Fluid Phase Equilibria is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on physical chemistry and thermodynamics that is published by Elsevier.
The HSS Journal, the Musculoskeletal Journal of Hospital for Special Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
Nepenthes rosea was formally described as a new species in the December 2014 issue of AIPC Magazine, followed by N. kongkandana in the March 2015 issue.
The journal is published by EDP Sciences in 16 issues per year.
The Journal of Applied Social Science is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of applied social science.
Each of its 12 editors therefore handles an average of less than 2 articles a year.
The New York University Environmental Law Journal is a student-run law review published at the New York University School of Law.
It was established in 1985 by George P. Smith II and is published semi-annually.
Pure and Applied Chemistry is the official journal for the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry.
It is indexed on MEDLINE and Scopus.
The journal, established in 1916, contained articles relating to experimental psychology.
It was founded by Edward Arthur Steinhaus in 1959 as the Journal of Insect Pathology, and is published by Academic Press.
The journal was established in 1989 by founding editor-in-chief Robert Costanza.
The Journal of Number Theory is a mathematics journal that publishes a broad spectrum of original research in number theory.
The journal is published monthly by John Wiley & Sons.
The Journal of Theoretical Biology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering theoretical biology, as well as mathematical and computational aspects of biology.
In no resolution of a Gettysburg story, however, do we find ourselves living Happily Ever After.
The editors-in-chief are N. P. E. Vermeulen and M. D. Coleman.
The co-editors in chief are Yoshihide Soeya and G. John Ikenberry.
KronoScope is a peer-reviewed academic journal dedicated to the interdisciplinary study of time, both in the humanities and in the sciences.
It is the official journal of the Australasian College of Physical Scientists and Engineers in Medicine.
The journal's editor is Marina Novelli, with Clare Weeden as Tourism Editor and Ioannis S. Pantelidis as Hospitality Editor .
Its first issue was published in January 2013.
It was established in 1967 and is currently published by Sage Publications in association with American Society for Public Administration.
The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
The Hospitality Review is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the hospitality and tourism fields.
Its main office is at the Justice A. Reyes Room of Malcolm Hall, University of the Philippines Diliman.
It was established in 1959 and is published by Elsevier.
Nature Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in cell biology published by the Nature Publishing Group.
The modern history of the journal starts in 1911 under the editorship of Wilbur Cross.
Toxicology Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal for the rapid publication of short reports on all aspects of toxicology, especially mechanisms of toxicity.
All issues are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
Submissions must feature significant editorial change and may also feature change in design and other aspects of the journal's publication."
It is published by Annual Reviews and the editor-in-chief is Randy Schekman.
Prior to 1 January 2007 it was known as Europhysics Letters.
[...] each compels the character to make a decision, to make an effort, to make a move.
The journal publishes articles on the subject of skin surgery and aesthetic surgery.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Research in Child Development.
It is the official journal of the Canadian Aerospace and Space Institute and is published by NRC Research Press in English and French.
It covers research on the pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of drugs and non-therapeutic xenobiotics.
It is edited by Alexander A. Kaplyanskii.
The journal's editors are Stephanie L. Knight, Gwendolyn M. Lloyd, and Fran Arbaugh.
The Health Education Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes scholarly articles in the field of health education.
Psychoanalytic Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 39 of the American Psychological Association.
The editor-in-chief is James K. Tumwine, who established the journal in 2001.
Nitric Oxide is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and official journal of the Nitric Oxide Society.
It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Its launch was announced in February 2014.
to synthesize and integrate lessons learned from active lines of economic research;
The Journal of the International Association of Providers of AIDS Care is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research on AIDS.
The Journal of Knowledge Management Practice is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal covering knowledge management and its practical applications.
The Journal of Oncology Practice is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering oncology.
TDM publishes both regular issues and Special Issues.
Terrain.org occasionally republishes work originally appearing in print editions of Terra Nova.
It has been in publication since 1992 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Both normal and abnormal psychology, and also studies of animal personality have been published.
Like the other journals in the BMC stable, BMC Medicine is an open access journal, funded by article processing fees.
Issues often focus on a particular topic.
The editors-in-chief are Claudia Mitchell and Jacqueline Reid-Walsh.
Monumenta Nipponica is a semi-annual academic journal of Japanese studies, published in English.
Annals publishes content relevant to the field of internal medicine and related sub-specialties.
Its founding editor, Gerald Schneider, continues to serve as the Executive Editor.
Its Impact Factor is 2.971, ranking it 4/119 in Statistics & Probability, and 158/726 in Psychiatry/Psychology.
Think expressly aims to counter the popular impression that philosophy is pointless and wholly detached from everyday life.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 4.259.
It was published by Transaction Publishers for decades before being purchased by Springer.
The journal is dedicated to research in literary theory.
It covers research in accountancy, finance, information systems, management, marketing, operations management, and strategic management.
It was established in 1981 and is published by Elsevier.
The journal was established in 2001 and according to the Journal Citation Reports, it has a 2016 impact factor of 3.684.
It publishes the work of artists who are inventing media, implementing developing technologies, and expanding the boundaries of radical and experimental aesthetics.
The Journal of Topology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on the subject of topology.
The journal is published in various sections, covering all areas of physics.
Optics regarding the visible spectrum, infrared, and short wavelength optics are also included.
The German Law Journal is a peer-reviewed, online-only open access law journal reporting on the developments in German, European and international jurisprudence.
The online version of the database is accessible to those who have access to Analytical Abstracts via an institutional licence.
Peer review is determined on a case-by-case basis.
Nature Reviews Neuroscience is a leading review journal with one of the highest impact factors covering neuroscience, in particular
It is published by Elsevier and sponsored by the International Union of Radio Science.
In June 2013, the Japan Society of Applied Physics signed an agreement with IOP Publishing for its journals to be published by IOP Publishing.
The editors-in-chief are Mehdi Ahmadian, Fabio Casciati, and Fabrizio Vestroni.
It is published 8 times per year by Taylor & Francis.
Languages included are English, Portuguese, French, Italian, German, Swahili, Spanish, and Afrikaans.
It is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious academic journals in economics and consistently ranked as top 10 among all economics journals.
The Victorian Periodicals Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1968, under the editorship of Michael Wolff and Dorothy Deering, as the Victorian Periodical Newsletter.
Pediatrics has been continuously published by the American Academy of Pediatrics since January 1948.
The journal was established in 1999 as Arthritis Research, obtaining its current title in.
It was established in 1917 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
Salmagundi is a quarterly periodical, featuring cultural criticism, fiction, and poetry, along with transcripts of symposia and interviews with prominent writers and intellectuals.
LRR replaced Writing UConn : fiction, essays, poetry run by the Department of English from 1983–1997.OCLC 19407118
Papers in Regional Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Regional Science Association International.
Solar Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published approximately monthly by Springer Science+Business Media.
Humanity & Society is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications, and is the official journal of the Association for Humanist Sociology.
SRAM was evaluated at least three times by the National Library of Medicine for Medline/PubMed indexing, but rejected each time.
The Fibonacci Quarterly is a scientific journal on mathematical topics related to the Fibonacci numbers, published four times per year.
The Journal of Philosophical Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal sponsored by the University of Notre Dame and the Canadian Philosophical Association.
The journal includes sociological analysis of culture from a range of theoretical and methodological positions, and from a variety of national contexts.
Michael Marsden, who was the dean of the College of Arts & Sciences at Northern Michigan University in the late 1990s, co-founded the journal.
Infection and Immunity is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Society for Microbiology.
Ideas y Valores is an academic journal of philosophy edited and published by the National University of Colombia.
The journal was established in 1960 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
Autoimmunity is an international, peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the pathogenesis, immunology, genetics, and molecular biology of immune and autoimmune responses.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 6.926.
Experimental Biology and Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers experimental biological and medical research.
It covers research in the field of macroecology.
It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Mark P. Mattson.
Each issue focuses on a specific theme or critical issue and includes reviews and illustrations.
The journal was abstracted and indexed in ATLA Religion Database.
Nanoscale Research Letters is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research in all areas of nanotechnology and published by Springer Science+Business Media.
The Australian Law Journal is an Australian peer-reviewed law journal which has been publishing since 1927.
From 1967 to 1978, the journal was published under the name Calcified Tissue Research.
The Journal of Higher Education is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering higher education.
The Journal of Logic, Language and Information is the official journal of the European Association for Logic, Language and Information.
The editor for 2009 is P. Blackburn.
It covers research on all aspects of this field, including language development and language disorders, especially studies made from a cross-language perspective.
During Johnston’s run as editor, the journal moved first from two to three issues per year and, starting with volume eleven, eventually became a quarterly journal.
The Singapore Economic Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by World Scientific.
The Journal of Cosmetic & Laser Therapy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering applications of cosmetic laser and light therapies on the skin.
The Africa Theological Journal is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Tumaini University Makumira.
The Brazilian Journal of Probability and Statistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers related to statistics.
Before 2003, it was sponsored by Princeton's Center of International Studies and before 1951, by the Yale Institute of International Studies.
Yet, like total quality itself, it must be understood in its proper context, and implemented single mindedly to be effective.
It is now published by EMBO Press, which also publishes The EMBO Journal and Molecular Systems Biology.
According to the Washington & Lee University law review rankings, the journal has an impact factor of 0.43.
Chemical Reviews is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society.
As of early 2007 there have been 36 volumes, at six issues per year.
It covers research on statistics, including applications, statistics education, and the history of statistics.
Annals of Indian Academy of Neurology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Academy of Neurology.
All content in PLOS Medicine is published under the Creative Commons "by-attribution" license.
The European Journal of Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of developmental, molecular, cellular, systems, behavioral, and cognitive neuroscience.
It is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press.
It was renamed to Physik Journal in 2002.
It has been in publication since 1982 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with American College of Toxicology.
Hurly-Burly: The International Lacanian Journal of Psychoanalysis is a magazine.
Modern Philology is a literary journal that was established in 1903.
Gotto is best known for his research into blood lipids.
The Evangelical Review of Society and Politics was a peer-reviewed, scholarly theological journal published by the King's Evangelical Divinity School, England.
Individuals may subscribe to the print edition and all AEJMC members receive a copy of the print journal and full access to online archives.
The Journal of Criminal Law & Criminology is a peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal published by the Northwestern University School of Law.
The journal was established in 1994 as Ecumene, name changed in 2002, and is published by Sage Publications.
The journal publishes articles, reviews, original research, and case reports in medicine and medical sciences.
Although its name would suggest otherwise, it is currently produced only four times per year by Pemberley Books as of 2007.
It is the oldest English-language journal of Judaic scholarship.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 2.509.
Ecology and Evolution is a biweekly open-access scientific journal covering all areas of ecology, evolution, and conservation.
Besides medical information, the journal provides medical perspectives on non-medical topics and the Dermatology Online Journal published the first dermatology training program ranking.
Its first Impact Factor was published in 2012.
The journal publishes articles in [[English language|English].
Its focus is on theoretical, observational, and historical information regarding the study of minor planets.
The editors-in-chief are Lee A. Learman, Aaron B. Caughey, and Mary E. Norton.
Its articles have a theoretical focus, and its country reports provide information on specific subjects and countries.
The International Journal of Asian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in the social sciences and humanities as pertaining to Asia.
The emphasis shifted from high school to college teachers.
She later included the story in her first book You Know When the Men Are Gone.
Marilyn Salzman Webb, Heidi Steffens, Marlene Wicks, Colette Reid, and Norma Lesser formed the original off our backs collective.
It is published by Routledge and the editor-in-chief is Michael Waggoner.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 1.937, ranking it 65th out of 192 journals in the category "Management".
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.248.
The Review publishes manuscripts submitted by legal practitioners, academics and students for its content.
It is published by Open Humanities Press.
In 2013, beginning with volume 90, The Modern Schoolman was relaunched as Res Philosophica.
Those that do not are commonly occurring native species.
British Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering British political studies published by Palgrave Macmillan.
The founder and the first editor-in-chief was Antoni Knot.
It was established in 1857 as Berliner Entomologische Zeitschrift and obtained its current title in 1875
A lively Correspondence section allows readers to air and share their views and to respond to items appearing in the journal.
It was established in February 1995, and previews of all articles published are available online.
Section C provides solutions and addresses challenging problems in such areas as data mining, image and signal processing, knowledge-based systems and the semantic web.
Political Science Quarterly is an American double blind peer-reviewed academic journal covering government, politics, and policy, published since 1886 by the Academy of Political Science.
It will be a journal of opinion, not of propaganda.
She was succeeded as editor by Mary Spongberg.
Journal of Vietnamese Studies is a peer-reviewed quarterly journal published by University of California Press, in Berkeley, California.
The Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmacology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of pharmacy and pharmacology.
They additionally publish the "Therapeutics letter" and are part of the International Society of Drug Bulletins.
It covers the study of Johann Sebastian Bach and Baroque music.
It was established in 2007 and covers statistical theory, methods, methodological developments, as well as probability and mathematics applications.
From 2017, Complexity was transferred to Hindawi Publishing Corporation.
The American Journal of Physics is a monthly, peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Association of Physics Teachers and the American Institute of Physics.
It was established 1974 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.490.
Music & Letters is an academic journal published quarterly by Oxford University Press with a focus on musicology.
The journal was established in 1972 and the editor-in-chief is Alan Patten.
It was established in 1981 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Medical Decision Making.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 1.556.
The journal was established in 1955 with N.M. Purandare as its first editor-in-chief.
Water Resources Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Geophysical Union, covering research in the social and natural sciences of water.
It is affiliated with the International Planning History Society and is published by Routledge.
The New Zealand Journal of Asian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was founded in June 1999.
The Journal of Environmental Law and Litigation is a student-run law review published at University of Oregon School of Law.
The journal obtained its current name in 1954 to reflect changing perceptions on eugenics.
The current managing editor is Charles Doran.
It was founded in 1981 and is currently edited by Bradford Morrow.
MUSICultures is a peer-reviewed academic journal formerly published as Canadian Journal for Traditional Music/La Revue de musique folklorique canadienne and Canadian Folk Music Journal.
Articles are written in English or French.
The journal has articles on history teaching primarily at the undergraduate level, as well as historiography covering a full range of historical topics.
The editor in chief of the journal is Sarah Brown.
The New West Indian Guide is a peer-reviewed academic journal founded by the Royal Netherlands Institute of Southeast Asian and Caribbean Studies.
Theology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2016 impact factor is 1.291, ranking it 41 out of 96 journals in the category "Business, Finance".
Early tugboats had steam engines, but today most have diesel engines.
The International Journal of Learning and Media is an electronic peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to examining the relationship between learning and media.
The journal covers all aspects of chemical physics and combustion.
The peer-reviewed journal publishes papers about mammals throughout the world and their conservation.
Astronomy Letters is a Russian peer-reviewed scientific journal.
The Hungarian Ornithological and Nature Conservation Society, also known as BirdLife Hungary, is a non-profit ornithological and nature conservation organisation founded in Hungary in 1974.
It was established in 1999 and is published eight times per year by Springer Science+Business Media.
There is an international advisory board with seven members mainly from institutions in the USA.
It is published by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
The journal was also welcomed by Science when it launched.
Their proportion of female to male writers in the acceptances sent through April 9, 2014 is 16%.
The journal has been considered to be among "the highest-status journals [that] are the leaders in their particular field".
As of 2017, the editor-in-chief is Michel Laroche.
Folio is also known for interviews with prominent writers, most recently Ann Beattie, Alice Fulton, Leslie Pietrzyk, Gregory Orr, and Adam Haslett.
ACS Chemical Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society.
First published in 1995, the World Health Report is WHO's leading publication.
The journal is edited by Thomas A. Zanoni.
It was established by Simon Campbell-Smith in 1972 and is published by Medicine Publishing.
It was established in 1962 as the International Journal of Neuropharmacology and obtained its current name in 1970.
In 2006, an online full-text archive was made available to institutional subscribers.
It covers studies of international relations, international trade and finance, human rights, diplomacy, culture, public health and technology, geopolitics, and development and was established in 2007.
Phytomedicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the fields of phytopharmacology, phytotherapy, and phytotoxicology.
The journal was established by Richard Wall and Lloyd Bonfield with the intention of defining the field of historical sociology.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in The Zoological Record.
Founded in 1984, the magazine derives its name from a KiSwahili word meaning "travellers" that is etymologically linked with the Arabic word "safari".
The journal also covers the status of major international standards in the field, and news of conferences and other events.
Chinese Physics C is part of the SCOAP3 initiative.
The journal was established in 1993 and is published by Sage Publications.
It covers all aspects of psychology and publishes articles in English, German, or French.
Kirkpatrick, S, Optimization by simulated annealing - Quantitative studies, J. Stat.
"Fallacies in the Interpretation of Social Cost", by Frank H. Knight
The journal attempts to cover historical, literary, anthropological, artistic, and other aspects of contemporary Greek society.
Established in 1900, ESJ publishes articles dealing with both education theory and research and their implications for teaching practice.
It is one of five regional commissions under the administrative direction of United Nations headquarters.
BMC Bioinformatics is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering bioinformatics and computational biology published by BioMed Central.
The Jewish Quarterly Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering Jewish studies.
In addition to being available in print form, The Catholic Historical Review is also available electronically through Project MUSE.
JNCI used to be the official journal of the National Cancer Institute, however in 1996 the NCI and JNCI agreed to grow apart.
Energy and Environmental Science is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research and review articles.
The journal has from its inception also listed associate editors, one of whom was Leo Moser.
AIP Conference Proceedings publishes more than 100 volumes per year, with back-file coverage to 1970 which encompasses 1,330 proceedings volumes and 100,000 published papers.
The journal is also hybrid open access allowing authors to pay $3,000 for their articles to be available free immediately.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 0.886.
The International Journal of Computer Assisted Radiology and Surgery is a journal for cross-disciplinary research, development and applications of Computer Assisted Radiology and Surgery.
The journal publishes 24 issues per year and past issues from 1968-2011 are available as open access.
Davidsonia is a scientific journal of botanical garden science published by the University of British Columbia Botanical Garden.
Eastman v. Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.
It has been in publication since 1972 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with American Orthopedic Society for Sports Medicine.
It was established by Robert and Carol H. Ammons in 1955.
International Health is a quarterly peer-reviewed public health journal covering all areas of global health.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.907.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index, Scopus, AGRICOLA, Biosis, EMBASE, MEDLINE, and Academic Search Premier.
The Journal of Dietary Supplements is a scientific journal that presents research in any area involving dietary supplements, nutraceuticals, or herbal medicine.
The journal seeks to transform data analysis into a competent tool for scientific research and engineering applications, and to distinguish it from mere data processing.
Psychology of Music is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of music psychology.
It publishes articles in all areas of normative philosophy, including pure and applied ethics, as well as moral, legal, and political theory.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 4.449.
Since 2003 it is published by Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press on behalf of the RNA Society.
For example, an article in a 2012 issue of Part A might be referenced in some places as being from volume "67a" of Z.
Content selected for inclusion favor the General non-genre literary category as well as Science Fiction and Fantasy, although any genre work may appear.
As of 2014, this journal was the most cited of any in the allergy/immunology medical specialty.
Articles are published in French with abstracts in English.
The Journal of Studies on Alcohol and Drugs is a not-for-profit journal based in the Center of Alcohol Studies at Rutgers University.
BioMed Research International is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all aspects of biomedical sciences.
The journals are published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The Gerontological Society of America.
The International Journal of Computational Intelligence and Applications is a refereed scientific journal published by Imperial College Press since 2001.
He subsequently graduated from Vanderbilt's medical school.
The African Journal on Conflict Resolution is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering conflict management in Africa.
The journal covers the pedagogy of Japanese language teaching, Japanese linguistics, and Japanese literature.
Geobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of geobiology published by Wiley-Blackwell.
Aging is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal.
It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Federation of European Biochemical Societies.
Hormones and Behavior is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering behavioral endocrinology.
The journal is available online and is published in paper format 6 times a year.
The publication has an auxiliary website, The Political Pages, an annual directory of political firms and professionals.
Its 2009 MCQ was 1.06, and its 2010 impact factor was 1.388.
It is published by Bureau of the Woordeboek van die Afrikaanse Taal of the association the African Association for Lexicography.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 4.138.
In the review, readers may trace the advance of the church from the older Calvinism to the more modern religious views.
The journal publishes papers on mathematical aspects of quantum mechanics, quantum field theory, statistical physics, supersymmetry, and integrable models.
The Sociological Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of sociology, including anthropology, criminology, philosophy, education, gender, medicine, and organization.
This includes articles on quality assurance and engineering, fuzzy logic, performance analysis of systems and critical systems design.
The Nordic Journal of Botany is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal of botany, including the taxonomy, evolution, conservation, and biogeography of plants, algae, bryophytes, and fungi.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Bibliography of the History of Art and the Bibliographie de l’histoire de France.
Praxis is a peer-reviewed online postgraduate journal of philosophy affiliated with the University of Manchester.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.328, ranking it 85th out of 321 journals in the category "Economics".
The journal was established in 2003 and covers research on all aspects of stress management.
The University of Pennsylvania Journal of International Law is a scholarly journal focusing on issues of international law, international relations, transnational law and comparative law.
The journal is published by Nauka through Pleiades Publishing and Springer Science+Business Media.
Manuscripta is a biannual academic journal published by the Knights of Columbus Vatican Film Library.
It was established in 1959 by Thomas D. Clareson and was published at the College of Wooster.
Science and Christian Belief is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Paternoster Press on behalf of Christians in Science and the Victoria Institute.
It was established in 1966, but publication was interrupted between 1990 and 1993.
Its editorial offices are in Durham, North Carolina.
Gargoyle was dedicated to printing works by unknown poets and fiction writers, as well as seeking out the overlooked or neglected writers.
The journal publishes original scientific articles and reviews.
This journal is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics.
The Journal of Medical Ethics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of bioethics established in 1975.
Twelve issues are published annually by the American Economic Association.
It is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Federico Etro.
It obtained its current title in 2008 when it became published by Berghahn Books.
Its publishing formats are letters and regular full papers.
Until 1980, it was edited by Marvin Farber, then by Roderick Chisholm and since 1986 by Ernest Sosa.
The journal was established in 2012 and is the first open access journal published by Cell Press, an imprint of Elsevier.
EEL ceased publication at the end of 2015.
There are no page charges for submissions to the journal.
Priamus is a scientific journal published by the Centre for Entomological Studies, Ankara, Turkey.
Psychopharmacology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering psychopharmacology that is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
It contains technical articles on sound, vibration, speech and related topics.
The last issue was published in 2006 and it was subsequently merged with two other journals to become Animal.
The journal's main focus is the use of technologies for language learning and teaching.
These state-of-the-art papers cover research trends and developments within psychology, with possible reference to European perceptions or fields of specialization.
The current editors are John Wilks, I. Howard Marshall and Richard Snoddy.
It was established in 1980 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the International Political Science Association.
It covers the chemical literature from 1830 to 1969 and describes therefore the “birth” of chemistry as science, in contrast to alchemy.
Public Administration Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research, theory, and practice in the field of public administration.
It provides a forum to explain different aspects of Indian politics.
Immunology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of immunology.
The Engineering Magazine was an American illustrated monthly magazine devoted to industrial progress, first published in 1891.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 1.751.
The professional journal American Antiquity is published by the Society for American Archaeology, the largest organization of professional archaeologists of the Americas in the world.
Content is available for free after a 12-month embargo.
It covers research on household economics, including empirical and theoretical research on the economic behavior and decision-making processes of single and multi-person households.
Authors have the option to publish open access.
The Wíčazo Ša Review is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal of Native American studies.
Sociological Inquiry is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Alpha Kappa Delta.
The current editors-in-chief are Arnauld Nicogossian, Thomas Zimmerman, Anatoly Grigoriev, and Bonnie Stabile.
Articles are published in English, Spanish, or Portuguese, with an abstract in English, Spanish, Portuguese, or French.
It is an official journal of the Association for the Advancement of Wound Care.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 6.36.
The journal was established in 1888 and the editor-in-chief is Alex Anstey.
It is published six times per year in print and online by Oxford University Press on behalf of Chatham House.
Human Brain Mapping is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons covering research on human brain mapping.
Topics include quantum information theory, open systems, decoherence, complexity theory of classical and quantum systems and other models of information processing.
It is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt für Mathematik.
Articles in Sexologies contain original, synthetic articles on human sexuality, its dysfunctions and its management.
Assemblage was an architectural theory journal published by MIT Press from 1986 to 2000.
The Journal of Mammalogy is the flagship publication of the American Society of Mammalogists.
It is ranked among the top 10 universities in South Asia.
The journal includes full-length research papers, short notes, and research problems on important topics.
Aspasia was founded in 2006 by Francisca de Haan at the Gender Studies Department of the Central European University.
It was established in 1984 and is published by Elsevier.
The journal publishes articles on public health, social science, and biomedical research on sexual and reproductive health, fertility, and family planning, primarily focused on developing countries.
The journal was established in 1988 and is published by Sage Publications.
The West Virginia Law Review is a triannual student-run law review published by the West Virginia University College of Law.
The print edition is published by the Peter Lang Publishing Group.
It is published by the Academia Brasileira de Neurologia.
In The Book Wars, James Atlas writes that Salmagundi is "perhaps the country's leading journal of intellectual opinion."
The Journal of Immunology is a twice monthly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes basic and clinical studies in all aspects of immunology.
Fungal Diversity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers the biodiversity, and systematic and molecular phylogeny of the fungi, including lichens.
It was established in 1914 by the Egypt Exploration Society.
Many of the editorial staff work in conjunction with the journal Ploughshares.
The Rocky Mountain Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by the Rocky Mountain Mathematics Consortium.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.578.
Its first issue was published in January 2013.
John Rahn was editor from 1983 until 1993, and Boretz again in 1994/95.
It was established in 1991, and is published by Eisenbrauns.
Aside from the current issue, the past three years of JBL are freely available to the public in PDF form, after registering on the SBL website.
Additionally the society promotes the highest standards of lithics research and reporting, and advocates and contributes to policies relevant to lithic studies.
The Journal of Clinical Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published 3 times a month by the American Society of Clinical Oncology.
The first online articles were published in January 2011, and the first issue of Catalysis Science & Technology appeared in March 2011.
Hood was succeeded as editor in 1999 by Ted Jelen, the first ever political scientist to edit the journal.
Die Sprache is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1949.
Alcheringa is the popularized English version of an Arunta expression that means 'in the beginning' or 'from all eternity'.
Justus Liebigs Annalen der Chemie was one of the oldest and historically most important journals in the field of organic chemistry worldwide.
It covers public policy matters of interest to the maritime services and was established in 1948.
The final issue was published in 2012.
It was established in 1994 and the current editor-in-chief is John R. Smith.
The Review awards the Robert Watson Literary Prizes.
It was established in 2007 by the Zoological Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
It is the official publication of the Irish Medical Organisation and is a continuation of the Journal of the Irish Medical Association.
It is currently edited by Douglas Lackey.
The journal focuses on legal, moral, and social issues in medicine and the life sciences.
The journal awards the O. Marvin Lewis Essay Award, Sherwin W. Howard Poetry Award and Neila C. Seshachari Fiction Award.
It is published every two months by Elsevier.
The first issue appeared in summer 1998 and featured work by R.T. Smith, David Rothenberg, Rick Cole, James Howard Kunstler, Sherry Saye, and others.
It is edited by graduate students in the School of Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of Iowa.
Evolution and Human Behavior is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in which evolutionary perspectives are brought to bear on the study of human behavior.
The current editors-in-chief are Joel H. Rosenthal, John Tessitore, Zornitsa Stoyanova-Yerburgh, and Zach Dorfman.
From around 1833, it was known as the Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London.
The Library of the University of Bath took over publishing until February 2015, producing two more issues.
It was founded in 1969; the first editor-in-chief was William S. Dorn.
The Journal of Supercomputing is an academic computer science journal concerned with theoretical and practical aspects of supercomputing.
The Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering pediatric psychiatry.
Chinese Physics was a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering physics, published by the Chinese Physical Society from 2000 to 2007.
Previous contributors to CutBank include Steve Almond, Pam Houston, Jacob M. Appel, and Dara Wier.
It was established in 1919 as the Journal of Industrial Hygiene, and was renamed in 1960 to the Archives of Environmental Health.
It was established in 1974 and is published by Sage Publications.
The European Journal of Clinical Nutrition is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering nutrition science and published by the Nature Publishing Group.
The Journal of Palestine Studies is an academic journal established in 1971.
Palliative Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Medicine.
Work that first appeared in the Baltimore Review has been shortlisted for the Pushcart Prize and been noted in Best American Short Stories and other anthologies.
The journal is a joint publication of the
The editor in chief is Matthew Steggle.
Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in social psychology.
Scholarship of textile history, especially its earlier stages, is part of material culture studies.
It is the official journal of the Australasian College for Emergency Medicine and the Australasian Society for Emergency Medicine.
Contributions come from the fields of anthropology, law, literature, history, philosophy, and politics.
It is edited by Timothy C. Clapper, J. Tuomas Harviainen and Willy C. Kriz.
Its primary audience is theological students, pastors and scholars.
The journal has faced delisting from the Journal Citation Reports, for anomalous citation patterns.
The Journal of Research in Nursing is a bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal that covers the field of nursing.
The Company and Securities Law Journal is a peer-reviewed law journal published in Australia since 1982.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.000.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.554, ranking it 97th out of 211 journals in the category "Oncology".
It is published by the Zoological Society of Southern Africa.
The Journal of Hindu Studies is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2008.
The Middle East Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Middle East Institute.
It was established in 1994 and is published by the Elsevier imprint Churchill Livingstone.
The International Journal of Lower Extremity Wounds is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Medical Sciences.
The School was founded in 2003 and formalised its status as an independent, not-for-profit organisation in 2004.
It covers modern and contemporary France from the perspectives of the social sciences, history, and cultural analysis.
Three volumes, each typically containing half a dozen articles, are published each year.
Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal covering alternative medicine published by Hindawi Publishing Corporation.
The Southwest Review is a literary journal published quarterly, based on the Southern Methodist University campus in Dallas, Texas.
Scripta Geologica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes on vertebrate and invertebrate palaeontology, palaeobotany/palynology, stratigraphy, petrology, and mineralogy, including gemmology with a focus on systematics.
Its mission is to foster dialogue about ethics instruction across disciplinary boundaries, with a focus on business, medicine, technology, law, and other areas of liberal education.
The journal is published twice a year by the Penn State University Press on behalf of the Society for Utopian Studies.
Queueing Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering queueing theory.
Cooperation and Conflict is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of international studies with a Nordic and European focus.
The Canadian Journal of African Studies/Revue canadienne des études africaines is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering African studies that was established in 1967.
Australian Journal of Primary Health integrates the theory and practise of community health services and primary health care.
It was established in 1994 and is edited by Barbara Hobson, Ann Shola Orloff, and Rianne Mahon.
The Journal of Experimental Psychology was a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by American Psychological Association.
In 2003, the conference was given an "Estimated impact factor" of 1.22 by CiteSeer, placing it in the top 15% of computer science publication venues.
The Canadian Journal of Civil Engineering is the official journal of the Canadian Society for Civil Engineering.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 3.259.
Since 2014, its editors are Urban Jermann and Ricardo Reis.
Much of the research from a social-ecological systems perspective is published in Ecology and Society .
Jillian M. Buriak took over as Editor-in-Chief in January 2014.
This is complemented by a mix of articles dedicated to the business side of the industry covering areas such as technology commercialization and market analysis.
The Journal of Popular Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes academic essays on all aspects of popular or mass culture.
It was published annually in print and electronic formats by the Philosophy Documentation Center, in cooperation with the Institute for Vico Studies at Emory University.
The Journal is "the oldest and most-cited student-edited journal of international law."
The journal was established in 1971 as a newsletter of the college.
Andranikological review was a book-like historical publication with research papers and book reviews.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2009 impact factor is 0.943.
It was established in 1982 as a bimonthly journal under the name Pediatric Infectious Disease, obtaining its current name in 1987.
The Journal of Evolutionary Biology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of evolutionary biology.
Gender, Work & Organization is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal.
The European Mormon Studies Association also sponsors academic conferences (such as one in 2013, in association with Brigham Young University London Centre.
The Michigan Journal of Environmental & Administrative Law is a student-run law review published at University of Michigan School of Law.
The Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal covering midwifery and women's health.
Philosophers' Imprint is a refereed philosophy journal, edited by Stephen Darwall and J. David Velleman.
The editor in chief is Ganesh Acharya.
The journal primarily covers environmental law and policy and related subjects with a regional focus in California.
The journal incorporated Journal of Materials Science Letters in 2003 and Interface Science in 2004.
Sandgrouse is the journal of the Ornithological Society of the Middle East.
The journal is published twice a month by Elsevier.
The journal's editors are Irena Grugulis and Mark Stuart.
Articles can be written in different languages.
The editors-in-chief are Bryan S. Turner and Simon Susen.
The International Journal of Impotence Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the study of sexual dysfunction.
It was established in January 1919 by Kluwer Academic and originally published articles in English, Dutch, French, and German.
The journal's editor is Carol R. Ember.
The journal is edited at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government and published by MIT Press.
It is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists.
As the first student magazine devoted to the sciences, it is the oldest collegiate science quarterly in the United States.
Today, all papers in Acta Astronomica are published in English.
The journal is abstracted and indexed by PubMed Central, Scopus, Embase, and Chemical Abstracts Service.
It is published by the Institute of Zoology of the Slovak Academy of Sciences.
The journal was established in 2009 and the editors-in-chief are Helen Margetts and Sandra Gonzalez Bailon.
Overseas Notes: New Zealand, United Kingdom and Europe, United States of America, Canada, Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia.
The journal is published twice yearly in May and November issues.
It was established in 1997 as Treatment, obtaining its current name in 1998.
Chemisches Zentralblatt is the first and oldest abstracts journal published in the field of chemistry.
The editor of the journal is Yongho Kim, and the managing editor is Lonnie Edge.
This caused some problems in Teichmüller theory, as Oswald Teichmüller published several of his foundational papers in the journal.
Discrete & Computational Geometry is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by Springer.
Karl Shell has served as editor of the journal since its inception in 1968.
The journal has been called "one of the best publications in the field" and praised for its quality.
As of 1 January 2015 the editor-in-chief is Sharon Hammes-Schiffer.
The African Journal of International Affairs was a peer-reviewed academic journal covering contemporary issues in African international affairs.
The full text of all articles published under the various incarnations of this journal is available online from the journal's web site.
Published continuously since 1891, it is the most widely known of the eight law reviews published by students at Yale Law School.
It obtained its current name in 2006.
The current editor in chief are R. Edward Freeman, University of Virginia and Michelle Greenwood, Monash University.
The journal allows self-archiving and authors can pay extra for open access.
The Chinese Science Bulletin is a multidisciplinary scientific journal co-sponsored by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the National Natural Science Foundation of China.
The quarterly gets about 6,000 submissions per year and does not solicit work except for occasional reviews.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.472.
The Explicator is a quarterly journal of literary criticism.
It was established in 1987 and is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics.
The Society for Research in Music Education was established in 1960 and the Journal of Research in Music Education became its official publication in 1963.
Chris Dowd University of Sheffield was editor from launch to 1997 and M F Smith from 1997 to 2001.
The journal was established in 2004 and covers "the broad range of psychological services delivered in organized care settings".
International Journal of Shoulder Surgery is peer-reviewed open access journal published on behalf of the Cape Shoulder Institute.
Science is based in Washington, D.C., United States, with a second office in Cambridge, England.
The current editor-in-chief is Jacquelynne S. Eccles.
It has appeared annually since 1966; prior to that it published quarterly.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.537.
Civil Law Commentaries is an open access publication of the Eason-Weinmann Center for Comparative Law at the Tulane University Law School.
It aims to publish ideas and theories that are broad, provocative, and debatable, while discouraging purely empirical, applied, or review articles.
Originally published in Berlin by Verlag Dr. W. Saenger in German only from 1946-1972, it is now published at Eschborn in both German and English.
Nature Reviews Neurology is a peer-reviewed journal for neurologists.
It was established in 1986 as Computational Statistics Quarterly and obtained its current title in 1992.
Cakalele: Maluku Research Journal/Majalah Penelitian Maluku is an academic journal that publishes the results of research about Maluku and Maluku communities in Indonesia and the Netherlands.
The scale up of antibiotics from fermentation processes was also an active topic of publication.
As of 2009, it is edited by Rita Felski.
The Florida Review is a national, non-profit literary journal published twice a year by the College of Arts and Humanities at the University of Central Florida.
The Encyclopedia of American Studies covers the history and culture of the United States, from pre-colonial days to the present, and the American Studies movement.
The Ceylon Journal of Science is a scientific journal that was established in 1958 and is published by the University of Peradeniya.
Previous issues, back to 1881, are available in the JSTOR Arts and Sciences III collection."
Fennia is a biannual peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by the Geographical Society of Finland.
Annals of Internal Medicine is an academic medical journal published by the American College of Physicians.
It is published by the Association for Computing Machinery.
In addition to its normal open issues, the journal periodically publishes special issues.
The journal covers research on the biology and epidemiology of twinning as well as biomedical and behavioral twin- and molecular-genetic research.
Communication Monographs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on human communication.
The journal was founded in 1926 as the newsletter for the entirety of the Institute of Pacific Relations.
Prominent scholars include Deborah Tannen, Penelope Eckert, Janet Holmes, Mary Bucholtz, Kira Hall, Deborah Cameron, and others.
The striking originality and charming style of the book was of interest to students of both the law and the Bible.
Jump Cut was established in 1974 by John Hess, Chuck Kleinhans, and Julia Lesage.
The editors-in-chief are Jamal Abedi and Christian J. Faltis.
Stem Cell Reviews and Reports is a medical journal published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media.
It is a peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal published by University of California Press, in Berkeley, California.
It is published by Routledge and the editor-in-chief is Julian Agyeman.
Noesis is currently undergoing development at Indiana University, thanks to a Digital Humanities Initiative of the National Endowment for the Humanities.
General topics include macroeconomics, microeconomics, derivatives, investment and interest rates.
The Monthly Labor Review is published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The journal appeared first in 1970 and is currently a biannual journal.
American Antiquity is a quarterly journal published in January, April, July and October.
Economic Outlook is a report detailing the forecast over the next five years for all United Kingdom macroeconomic indicators.
The journal was established in 1967 and was discontinued in 2010 when the Tropical Grassland Society of Australia closed due to declining membership.
It began publication in 1932, and as such is the second oldest journal of the British Ecological Society.
The journal covers research and theory, research interpretation and reviews, and critical discussion on all aspects of marriage, close relationships, and families.
It covers geographical information, mathematical modeling, analysis, theory, regional science, geography, environmental sciences, planning, and decision.
The journal was established in 2003 and published biannually until 2005.
Veterinary Immunology and Immunopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering allergy and immunology in the domain of veterinary medicine.
From 1934 to 1946, it was edited by Richard J. Walsh, with extensive contributions from his wife, Pearl S. Buck.
The Scandinavian Journal of Educational Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in education, published by Routledge.
The book review editor is Robert Mills.
The journal was founded in 1982, appears four times per year, and is published by Elsevier.
Articulo – Journal of Urban Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering urban issues and publishes both theoretical and empirical articles.
It was established in 1985 and is published by SAGE Publications in association with the Association of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology Nurses.
JBS presents scholarly articles and book reviews from renowned international authors who share their ideas on British society, politics, law, economics, and the arts.
It was established in 1971 by editor-in-chief Lowell Chun-Hoon, publisher Don Nakanishi, and members of the Yale University Asian American Students Association.
The taxa described are included in the Zoological Record.
The British Journal of Mathematical and Statistical Psychology is a British scientific journal founded in 1965.
Topics include original preparative chemistry in association with the synthesis of organic and organometallic compounds.
The Health Informatics Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of health informatics.
to provide economic analysis of public policy issues; to encourage cross-fertilization of ideas among the fields of thinking;
The journal explores how scientists develop and utilize novel technologies and/or approaches to provide and characterize chemical and biological tools to understand and treat human disease.
Law and Literature, formerly Cardozo Studies in Law and Literature, is a law journal of the Cardozo Law School founded in 1988.
It was established in 1972 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain.
It covers film studies, television studies, media studies, visual arts, cultural studies, film and media history, and moving image studies.
The Neuroradiology Journal is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering diagnostic neuroradiology.
Folia Primatologica is an international peer-reviewed journal focusing on primatology, the study of monkeys, apes, lemurs, and other primates.
Its focus is on endocrine physiology and metabolism, including hormone secretion, hormone action and biological effects.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus.
It was founded in August 1911 by Tsuruichi Hayashi.
Portugaliae Acta Biologica is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in all areas of botany especially of Iberian and Macaronesian cryptogams.
It is published by the BMJ Group and is the official journal of the Faculty of Occupational Medicine of the Royal College of Physicians of London.
The Journal of the Royal Geographical Society of London was a scholarly geographic journal published by the Royal Geographical Society from 1831 to 1880.
It publishes research and review papers, instrumentation papers and dissertation summaries in the fields of astronomy and astrophysics.
In 1996 it incorporated the Journal of Rehabilitation Sciences.
The American Political Science Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all areas of political science.
It is devoted to problems in discrete mathematics in connection with other branches of mathematics.
The journal is edited by Professor Vasilios Ioakimidis.
It also publishes contributions in the fields of Graeco-Roman history, the classical influence in general history, legal history, the history of philosophy, and ecclesiastical history.
Neotropical Ichtyhology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on all aspects of neotropical ichthyology.
The Seattle Journal for Social Justice is a peer-reviewed student-edited law journal of the Seattle University School of Law.
Management International Review is a business and management journal dealing with aspects of international management.
It was established in 1973 and is published by Karger Publishers.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the ATLA Religion Database, New Testament Abstracts and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index.
It was published by Bellwether Publishing until 2006, when it was acquired by Wiley-Blackwell.
Prescrire contains no advertising, and is internally financed by subscriptions and the sale of various personnel training.
Contrast Media & Molecular Imaging is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons since 2006.
The journal was established in 1967 and is published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 5.694.
It publishes articles in English and Italian.
The journal's editors are Clifford J Bailey, Ian Campbell and Christoph Schindler.
Educational Administration Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of education.
Often the central menace of a work of horror fiction can be interpreted as a metaphor for the larger fears of a society.
The journal specializes in publishing long papers and monographs.
Organic Letters publishes brief reports a broad range of organic chemistry research.
Molecular aspects of control and prevention are also covered, as well as viral vectors and gene therapy, but clinical virology is excluded.
Reviews in Mineralogy and Geochemistry is the official review journal of the Mineralogical Society of America and The Geochemical Society.
Representation is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering representative democracy.
The first was founded in 1920 and called the Montanan which was later changed to Frontier.
The journal covers geographical theory, model building, and quantitative methods.
The journal was established in 1981 and the editor-in-chief is Michael H. Nathanson.
It was renamed Chinese Journal of Astronomy and Astrophysics in 2001, switching to publication in English and restarting volume numbering.
The journal covers logic, philosophy of maths, philosophy of mind, epistemology, philosophy of language, and metaphysics.
Utopian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles on utopias and utopianism.
Currently its editors are Dr. Dejan Djokić,, Dr. N. Piers Ludlow,, Dr. Josie McLellan,, Dr. Jessica Reinisch, and Dr. Tara Zahra,.
The Journal of Economic Literature is a peer-reviewed academic journal, published by the American Economic Association, that surveys the academic literature in economics.
The editors-in-chief are Jeryl Whitelock and John Cadogan.
Local Economy is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing papers on local economic development.
The interdisciplinary journal covers biological and behavioral issues relevant to the broad field of education.
Announcements and reports of future meetings pertaining to the activities of the Controlled Release Society are also included.
The Engineering Magazine was a popular journals about engineering, technology, and industry.
The Journal of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology was founded in 2003 and is published by Imperial College Press.
It was founded by Texas A&M Professor of English Douglas A. Brooks and edited by him until his death in 2009.
The current print journal was established by Deepwell in 1998.
The Journal publishes the works of leading scholars, practitioners, and government officials, as well as exceptional student notes.
In 1964, thanks to the efforts of the Paris-based Armenian scholar Haïg Berbérian, the journal was revived.
It is currently published biweekly, for a total of 24 issues per year.
Clinical Lung Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal that has been published by Elsevier since 2011.
Since 2001, it has been published by Sage Publications.
It covers research in the field of mechanics as applied to medicine and biology.
It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
The Journal focuses on the main sub-regions of Asia – Central and West Asia; South Asia; Northeast Asia; Southeast Asia; and Australasia.
Psychiatry Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering psychiatry.
The current joint editors-in-chief are Frédéric Volpi, Francesco Cavatorta and Sarah Wolff.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the ATLA Religion Database.
It was established in 2003 and ceased publication in December 2010.
Social Science Information/Information sur les sciences sociales is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers social science.
The journal is published quarterly by the Penn State University Press on behalf of the American Society of Transportation and Logistics.
It is published by Palgrave Macmillan and is edited by a collective.
The Journal of Intellectual Disabilities is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of healthcare and nursing as related to intellectual disabilities.
The editor is Simon Ditchfield of the University of York.
It was established in 1985 as the Annual Review of Cell Biology and obtained its current title in 1995.
From 1983 till 1986 it a published bimonthly and since 1987 it is published monthly.
Marketing Theory is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of marketing.
The Journal of Pediatric Endocrinology and Metabolism is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering pediatric endocrinology and published by Walter de Gruyter.
It was established in 1958 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication.
The journal prioritizes studies on intact organisms and has made a commitment to publishing studies on human subjects.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed.
The Journal of Business Cycle Research is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of economics with a focus on the measurement of business cycles.
The journal's editors-in-chief are Molefi Kete Asante and Ama Mazama.
It was established in 1983 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the International Solid Waste Association.
For this reason, the articles published in Progress in Physics may not necessarily represent the scientific views of the Editorial Board or its individual members.
It was founded in 1967 by Henry Taylor and Edward A. Tedeschi.
Advances in Space Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published 27 times per year by Elsevier.
The journal is open to a wide range of historical methodologies as well as other disciplines with an historical focus.
Student editors make the editorial and organizational decisions and select articles submitted by professors, judges, and practitioners, as well as student pieces.
In 1945 the journal's name was changed to the current Voprosy Istorii.
In 1939, the journal College English was spun off from The English Journal to address the needs of teaching English language arts at the college level.
The Fourth River is an American literary magazine with a focus on nature and place-based writing.
Irish Birds publishes papers and notes on all aspects of birds in Ireland, as well as incorporating the annual Irish Bird Report and Irish Ringing Report.
The journal publishes a wide variety of articles pertaining to the many different sub-fields of psychology, such as neuroscience and political psychology.
Advances in these fields take on a special importance given the increasing prevalence of obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and related maladies in the developed world.
Back volumes up to three years behind the current volume are available in the JSTOR electronic archive.
The editor in chief of The BMJ is Fiona Godlee, who was appointed in February 2005.
It was originally published, from its founding in 1926, by A.W.
The journal's twentieth anniversary issue appeared in January, 2017.
Douglas S. Clark, the current editor-in-chief, has served in this capacity since 1996.
It is indexed in CINAHL and VINITI.
The journal featured reviews of scientific applications and other software that were available at the time for many different disciplines and branches of science.
Acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine in which thin needles are inserted into the body.
The journal's title changed from Journal of Electron Microscopy Technique in 1992.
Antiviral drugs are one class of antimicrobials, a larger group which also includes antibiotic, antifungal and antiparasitic drugs, or antiviral drugs based on monoclonal antibodies.
The journal was founded in 2015 by co-editors Ana Bridges, Deirdre M. Condit, Gail Dines, Jennifer A. Johnson, and Carolyn West.
Research on audit, evaluation, and clinical care in maternal-fetal and perinatal medicine is also featured.
Each issue contains reviews of relevant books.
Materials and Structures also publishes comprehensive reports prepared by the society's technical committees.
It is the companion journal of Molecular Ecology and is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
The Journal of Social Work is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of social work.
Current editors are Kersti Börjars and S.J.
The journal is published on behalf of ISME by the Nature Publishing Group.
Spixiana is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Verlag Dr. Friedrich Pfeil on behalf of the Bavarian State Collection of Zoology, covering research in zoology.
The Painted Bride Quarterly, also known informally as PBQ, is a Philadelphia-based literary magazine.
The current editor in chief is Paul S. Weiss.
The magazine is published quarterly online and yearly in print.
From 1896 the full title became The Artist: An Illustrated Monthly Record of Arts, Crafts and Industries.
Instead, the editors welcome proposals for topics and authors, so that the suitability of potential contributions can be considered carefully in advance.
The Econometric Society aims to attract high-quality applied work in economics for publication in Econometrica through the Frisch Medal.
Currently, Bharatiya Janata Party from India is the world's largest political party in terms of primary membership.
The International Journal of Speleology is since 1978 the official peer-reviewed scientific journal of the Union Internationale de Spéléologie.
The editor-in-chief is Martin Hirsch, who succeeded Marvin Turck.
From 1960 to 2004 it was entitled the Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry, and Allied Disciplines.
The Studia Socjologiczne is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal co-published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and the University of Warsaw.
IA publishes scholarly research, essays, and reviews of books published in the field of industrial archeology.
In 1953, the politics section was canceled.
The journal is published once or twice a year in Croatian, with some articles in English.
It is published by the Indian Society for the Advancement of Insect Science since 1988.
The journal was established in 2011 and is published by the University of Pennsylvania Press and available online through Project MUSE.
It was established in 1951 as the continuation of Canadian Journal of Research, Section D: Zoological Sciences, and is associated with the Canadian Society of Zoologists.
It has since been cited by the Supreme Court a total of 12 times.
The original concept for the journal came from Schaffer and founding co-editor Myron Orleans, sociology professor at California State University, Fullerton.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Communication Association.
Established in 1997, the journal publishes articles on theoretical physics and mathematics.
The title thus became the acronym "Groupe de Recherches et d'Analyses Documentaires sur l'HIstoire et les Variations de l'Anthropologie}".
Acta Physica Polonica is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in physics.
The journal publishes original research, theoretical articles, reviews, and other communications connected to all aspects of human biology, health and disease.
There is now a separate office of Tehzeeb-ul-Ikhlaq.
It covers all aspects of plants and fungi including longer monographs, floristics, economic botany, and the history of botany.
Topics covered include soil and rock mechanics, engineering geology, environmental geotechnics, geosynthetics, numerical and analytical methods, computer modelling, field and laboratory testing.
The International Journal for Numerical Methods in Fluids is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering developments in numerical methods applied to fluid dynamics.
Neuroinformatics is a scientific journal published by Springer under the imprint Humana Press.
The journal was established in 1966 and is published by Elsevier.
PSP is a publisher of Photonics Letters of Poland.
It obtained its present title in 1958.
Although published by the Doctors of BC professional association, it maintains distance from the association in order to encourage open debate.
Approaches are behavioral, biochemical, cellular, molecular, morphological, neurological, neuropathological, pharmacological, and physiological.
ECS Electrochemistry Letters is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering electrochemical science and technology.
The target audience includes academic researchers, postgraduates students and advanced undergraduates.
Current owner Routledge acquired the journal from Heldref Publications in 2009.
The current Editor-in-Chief is Professor Vincent M. Rotello succeeding Professor Claude F. Meares.
The Journal of Power Sources is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of electrochemical energy conversion.
The Annals of Saudi Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre.
Its current editors-in-chief are Suzanne Flynn and Klaus Abels.
Third Text is a bimonthly academic journal on art in global context.
Work that has appeared in Confrontation has been short-listed for the Pushcart Prize and The Best American Short Stories.
Its editors-in-chief are Russell Coff, Teppo Felin, Ann Langley, and Tim J. Rowley.
Kokka is a periodical of Oriental art, first issued in October 1889.
It publishes papers describing advances in the understanding of physical aspects of soft, liquid and living systems.
PUC has a team of 23 Editors and an editorial board of 26 academic and commercial researchers.
Its current editors-in-chief are Robert J. Barro, Elhanan Helpman, Lawrence F. Katz, and Andrei Shleifer.
It seeks to provoke discussion and debate among various intellectual traditions, including critical theory, phenomenology, hermeneutics, feminism, and psychoanalysis.
The journal's editors-in-chief are Barry Goldson and John Muncie.
Ilheringia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal composed of two series dealing with zoology and botany: Série Zoologia and Série Botânica.
Former editors-in-chief include Mike Greaves, David Lane, Pier Mannucci, Jos Vermylen, Jan Sixma, Francois Duckert, and Rosemary Biggs.
All its articles are available free after one year of publication.
It was established in 1989 with Rainer Guillery as the founding editor-in-chief.
Macromolecular Rapid Communications is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science.
Published topics include materials research on engineering polymers, tailor-made functional polymer systems, and new polymer additives.
The reason for the changes were given by the society as the increasing financial demands of the University of Chicago Press.
The journal typically includes theoretical and critical articles, book reviews, and illustrations.
The journal covers all areas of sociology and related fields, emphasizing innovative direction in sociological research.
The Przegląd Socjologiczny is a quarterly Polish peer-reviewed academic journal in sociology.
It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication.
Human Organization is the peer-reviewed research journal of the Society for Applied Anthropology.
Inkwell is a literary journal published by Manhattanville College in Purchase, New York.
It was specialized in ethnographic articles and cross-cultural studies.
Sequentially from Nov. 1916 to 1927 it was published as Industrial Management.
It is available online and in print.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Behavioural and Neural Genetics Society.
History in Africa: A Journal of Method is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the historiography and methodology of African history.
The journal was established in 1958, shortly after restrictions on nuclear research in West Germany were lifted by the 1955 Paris Agreements.
It was established in 1994 by national amalgamation of a number of museums associations.
It obtained its current title in 2003 under the editorship of Andrzej Konopka and James Crabble.
It is open access journal and uses the Creative Commons 3.0 IGO license.
Pflügers Archiv: European Journal of Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of physiology.
Women's History Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal of women's history published by Routledge.
The current editor in chief is R. H. W. Dillard.
The journal offers free subscriptions and is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE/PubMed.
Drug Design, Development and Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on drug design and development through to clinical applications.
It covers a range of subjects including anthropology, business, literature and the arts, economics, geography, history, international affairs, law, politics, and sociology.
All issues are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
The editors-in-chief are Gavin Flood, Jessica Frazier, and Rembert Lutjeharms.
Alcheringa is derived from the Arrernte language of the Arrernte aboriginal people of the Alice Springs area of central Australia.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 3.435.
The names of the individual journals consist of the prefix American Economic Journal with a descriptor of the field attached.
The journal was first published in 1914 and is usually issued twice a year to members of the association.
It publishes papers on systematic botany, giving preference to papers related to the flora of Western Australia.
From 1971, the journal was published under the name Cardiology and in 2005 it incorporated the medical journal Heart Drug and obtained its current name.
It is published quarterly by the Florida State University Department of Philosophy, in cooperation with the Philosophy Documentation Center.
It is published by Sage Publications and the editor-in-chief is Kai Savolainen.
It was established in 1843 and is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Société médico-psychologique.
The current editor-in-chief is Gio Batta Gori.
One of the ten most-cited law review articles of all time was published by the Indiana Law Journal.
Nature Photonics is indexed in the NASA Astrophysics Data System and Science Citation Index.
It was first published in 2003 by World Scientific.
It was established in 1995 and is published by Sage Publications.
The related open access journal, Sexual Medicine, was launched in 2013.
Clinical Pediatrics is a peer-reviewed medical journal of pediatrics that was established in 1962.
The journal's editors-in-chief are Subhrajit Guhathakurta and Nancey Green Leigh.
The Journal of Personality is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering personality psychology.
A hardcover edition of Eos is published once each year and contains the articles, news, and editorials from the tabloid issues.
Review of General Psychology publishes cross-disciplinary psychological articles that are conceptual, theoretical, and methodological in nature.
Estark is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.
Since 2003 this has been done on its behalf by the University of Illinois Press.
Articles and Features review topics of current interest in the Earth Sciences - written for the general reader by experts in the field.
The San Diego Journal of Climate and Energy Law is a student-run law review published at the University of San Diego School of Law.
As such, it explores the relationship between spirituality and cultural analysis using the disciplines of history, philosophy, theology, and psychology, among others.
Recent notable contributors include Victoria Anderson, Jacob M. Appel, Karen Brown, Peter Chilson, Leo Damrosch, Philip Heldrich, Michael Martone, Sarah Baker Michalak and Marjorie Stelmach.
Addiction is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1884 by the Society for the Study of Addiction to Alcohol and other Drugs.
It also publishes articles on household economics from the perspective of the history of economic thought and emphasizes effects of both micro- and macro-economic policy instruments.
Simon Critchley, The New School for Social Research, New York
It is published monthly by Elsevier and jointly edited by J.L.
It is intended to be accessible to a non-scholarly readership who are interested in this field.
It is also the official journal of British Association for the Study and Prevention of Child Abuse and Neglect.
It is published by the Sameeksha Trust and the editor is Paranjoy Guha Thakurta.
It has been in publication since 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The journal was established in 1980 and is published quarterly by Cambridge University Press.
The editor-in-chief is Herbert Levine of Rice University.
DARU Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences is an open access peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1990.
However, the frequency of published issues decreased in the new millennium.
It is one of the four law reviews responsible for publication of the Bluebook.
Elite Edition: primary research in all fields of biology and medicine
It is edited by A. W. Musschenga and F. R. Heeger.
The founding editors in chief are Alex C. Michalos and Deborah C. Poff.
The journal was established by John G. Daunt in 1969 and the current editors-in-chief are Neil S. Sullivan, Jukka Pekola and Paul Leiderer.
The European Journal of International Relations is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering international relations.
Its current editor-in-chief is Ronald A. Beghetto.
Psychology of Popular Media Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.
The editors-in-chief are Harald Bathelt, Kristian Behrens, Neil Coe, and William R. Kerr.
The journal's founding editor-in-chief was Kenneth Ring.
In 2014, the journal was moved to the De Gruyter Open imprint.
It also has a large book review section and lists the abstracts of other English-based philosophy journals.
The Paper & Printing Trades Journal was one of the first trade publications for the printing and publishing industries.
Crops including wheat, rice, corn, sorghum, barley, oats, soybeans, cotton, and sugar.
The Fordham Law Review is a student-run law journal associated with the Fordham University School of Law that covers a wide range of legal scholarship.
The International Journal of Men's Health is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2002 and published by Men's Studies Press.
In 2005, his former PhD candidates Joachim Wolf and Michael-Jörg Oesterle succeeded him as editors in chief.
It is published by the Turkish Association of Urology and was established in 1975.
The Australian Feminist Law Journal is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering feminist legal issues from a critical perspective.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in CINAHL, EMBASE, and Scopus.
From 1968 to 1981 it was distributed by North-Holland Publishing, and since 1981 by the Academic Bookstore.
It publishes reviews presenting developments in computational engineering.
It covers research on consumer behavior, consumer and household decision making, and the implications of practices and policies on consumers' wellbeing.
Cell Cycle is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering cell biology.
The Duke Journal of Constitutional Law & Public Policy was established by members of the class of 2006.
The journal's editors are Nicholas Clifford and George Malanson.
The journal was established in 1887 by zoologist and morphologist C. O. Whitman and underwent reorganization in 1907.
The editors-in-chief are Tita Chico, Robert Markley, Jennifer Frangos and Cristobal Silva.
It is published by the MRE Foundation in affiliation with the North American Association of Fisheries and the International Institute of Fisheries Economics and Trade.
In 1998, Springer Science+Business Media took over publishing.
It was established in 1989 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the National Association for Music Education.
It is the review journal corresponding to the journals Surface Science and Surface Science Letters.
It is published by Euromoney Institutional Investor.
Areas covered include genetics, genomics, epigenetics, evolution, developmental biology, neuroscience, human biology, physiology, systems biology, and plant biology.
The information about the application to orient other computational scientists is necessary.
It covers dynamic models from all areas of economics.
Family Relations is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Council on Family Relations.
It covers mobile communications and computing and investigates theoretical, engineering, and experimental aspects of radio communications, voice, data, images, and multimedia.
In June 2012, Cell Communication and Signaling received its first impact factor.
The journal is published by the Fundacja Uniwersytetu Ekonomicznego w Krakowie.
The editors-in-chief are David W. H. Walton, Walker O. Smith, Laurie Padman, Alan Rodger, and John Smellie.
The Journal of Histochemistry and Cytochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of cell biology established in 1953.
It has been in publication since 1985 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The journal was regarded as the most important geological sciences periodical in East Germany with an international reputation.
It has been in publication since 1988 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Dalton Transactions was named a "rising star" by In-cites from Thomson Scientific in 2006.
The Colorado Lawyer is a monthly law review published by the Colorado Bar Association.
The focus of the journal is biotechnology including research results and the commercial business sector of this field.
The Astrophysics Data System contains issues older than one year back to the journal's foundation.
Rivista di Filologia e di Istruzione Classica or Riv.
The Associate Editors are Penny Dick, Daniel Muzio, Gerardo Patriotta, Corinne Post, Andrea Prencipe, John Prescott, Riikka Sarala, and Li-Qun Wei.
The wearing of clothing is exclusively a human characteristic and is a feature of most human societies.
The journal was established in 1970, and the 2016–2017 guest editor is Mary Greer.
The Yale Journal of International Law is a student-edited international law review at the Yale Law School.
Its scope encompasses all aspects of second and foreign language writing, including writing instruction and assessment.
The journal was established in 1999 and the editors-in-chief are K.N.
It is the official journal of the Behavior Genetics Association.
The journal focuses on public policy and political science in Latin America.
Publications in The Heroic Age cover all aspects of Early Medieval Northwestern Europe.
Natural Language & Linguistic Theory is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering theoretical and generative linguistics.
The journal is published three times per year.
It was formerly published by John Wiley & Sons and is now published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Scandinavian College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
It was established in 1990 and the last independent issue appeared in 2007.
International Journal of Social Welfare is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell.
Mānoa is published semiannually by the University of Hawaii Press and was established in 1989.
The name was changed from British Heart Journal to Heart in 1996 with the start of volume 75.
The journal publishes articles on the subject of Pharmaceutics, biopharmaceutics, pharmaceutical chemistry, pharmacognosy, pharmacology, pharmaceutical analysis, pharmacy practice, clinical and hospital pharmacy.
African Skies/Cieux Africains is published by the Working Group on Space Sciences in Africa.
The journal is indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index, among others.
The journal publishes research papers, review articles, commentaries and correspondence in all fields of pharmacology.
The editors in chief are Tarek Sayed and Mike Bartlett.
It was established by Michael Freeden and first published in 1996.
The journal consists of three sections: Landmark Edition, Scholar Edition, and Elite Edition, with slightly different scopes:
It is an interdisciplinary collaboration between the School of Art + Design and the Creative Writing Program at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.
Thought: A Journal of Philosophy is a twice-annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the Northern Institute of Philosophy.
The group obtained left-over furniture from the law library and paid for office supplies out of their own pockets.
AFJ publishes significant new research in finance, accounting and economics relevant to Africa and strives to establish a balance between theoretical and empirical studies.
Themes published to date include: Hermeneutics and Interpretation, Aesthetics and the Arts, and Reason and Rationality.
The Journal of Neuroscience, Psychology, and Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.
Bibliotheca Herpetologica: A Journal of the History and Bibliography of Herpetology is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the history of herpetology and its bibliography.
In addition, the journal also publishes book and movie reviews covering bisexual lead characters from every era.
It was established in 1996 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
As of 2012, the editor-in-chief is Geoffrey I. Webb.
It is considered the leading journal in this field.
It was established in 2000 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Health Psychology is a monthly, peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 18.588.
The Fletcher Forum of World Affairs is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal of international relations established in 1975.
It has produced independently managed journals on neuroscience and empirical bioethics as spin-offs.
The journal is published by Mac Keith Press and distributed on their behalf by Wiley-Blackwell.
The journal was formerly published as International Journal of Politics.
It specifically focuses on metals, ceramics, glasses, polymers, electrical materials, composite materials, fibers, nanostructures, nanocomposites, and biological materials.
The journal was established in 1983 and is the official journal of the International Association for Statistical Computing, a section of the International Statistical Institute.
Business Information Review is notable for producing the Annual Survey of Business Information, which has been published annually since 1991.
National Affairs is a quarterly magazine in the United States about political affairs that was first published in September 2009.
Behavioral Ecology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Society for Behavioral Ecology.
The current editor-in-chief are Wentian Li and Jaap Heringa.
Cell Death & Differentiation is a peer reviewed academic journal published by Nature Publishing Group.
Publishing formats include research papers, review articles, short notes, and letters to the editors.
The current editors-in-chief are Mitsuo Sawamoto, Virgil Percec, Karen L. Wooley, E. W. Meijer, and Craig J. Hawker.
The journal was abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service and Scopus.
In addition, it is accessible on electronic databases such as Westlaw, LexisNexis, and HeinOnline.
Among the notable stories that first appeared in Folio are Jacob M. Appel's "Fata Morgana" and "Becoming Coretta Davis" by I. Bennett Capers.
Each issue prints an interview with a leading healthcare executive.
It is an official journal of the Society for Experimental Mechanics and was established in 1961, being published monthly.
Since 1966 it has been published by the Polish Forestry Society.
It is abstracted and indexed in Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed.
It is published by Routledge and the editor-in-chief is Saturnino "Jun" Borras Jr..
The editors in chief are R. Sun of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and V.G.
There are also several regional conferences held annually.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.495.
Foreign Policy Analysis is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Oxford University Press and Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Studies Association.
The IMechE Proceedings Archive 1847–1996 continues to be hosted on the MetaPress platform.
Although not an acronym, the title PALAIOS is capitalized.
The University of Western Sydney Law Review is an annual peer-reviewed law review published by the University of Western Sydney School of Law.
The main focus of the journal is on automata theory, formal language theory, and combinatorics.
The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell and edited by Katerina Hilari and Nicola Botting.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 5.145.
The authors of the best paper in each volume receive the Wilkes Award and Medal granted by the British Computer Society.
It is published by Inderscience Publishers on behalf of the Academy of Business and Emerging Markets.
The ISSN for the Annals is: 0035-8843 As of 2014 the impact factor for the Annals is 1.268.
This includes botany, geology, palaeontology and zoology, the lives of naturalists, their publications, correspondence and collections, and the institutions and societies to which they belong.
The editor-in-chief is Eugene Hargrove and it is published by the Center for Environmental Philosophy.
The journal mainly targets amateur research, but it includes professional research as well.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 3.131.
The journal was edited by David Romer and Justin Wolfers from 2009 through 2015.
Another section called “Research Note" permits contributors to discuss the latest writing, opinion, and research sources on African issues.
The Journal of Personal Selling & Sales Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on marketing.
It is published in 8 issues per year by the Australasian Society for Computers in Learning in Tertiary Education as an open access online-only journal.
T'oung Pao's original full title was T’oung Pao ou Archives pour servir à l’étude de l’histoire, des langues, la geographie et l’ethnographie de l’Asie Orientale.
It is published by Elsevier and is the official journal of the Society of Gynecologic Oncology.
The FASEB Journal is a scientific journal related to experimental biosciences, promoting scientific progress and education.
Cancer Cell is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Cell Press.
The journal is edited by Christine Vourakis.
Its 2009 MCQ was 0.25, and its 2009 impact factor was 0.260.
The journal was founded in 1976 by Hiltmar Schubert, then director of the Fraunhofer-Institut für Chemische Technologie Pfinztal/Germany and Verlag Chemie/Weinheim.
It was established in 1998 by John Luis Perdrix, after the Australian Journal of Astronomy was discontinued.
Current Applications is an open-access section of Current Anthropology that presents research bridging academic and applied anthropology.
The journal was established in 1976 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the Australian School of Business.
The journal is published as a partnership between the Moritz College of Law and the Heinz College.
Originally published bimonthly, it switched to a monthly schedule in 1962.
The editors-in-chief are Lynne Doner Lotenberg and Sameer Deshpande.
It is published three times each year in April, August, and December by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
The Journal also hosts various speakers and symposia.
The journal's print version ceased in 2010 with volume 12, number 6, and the journal converted to an online only format.
In 2012, publication moved to Taylor & Francis.
It releases a spring and fall edition each year.
Shakespeare Bulletin is an academic journal founded in 1982.
History of Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 26 of the American Psychological Association.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Society for Evolutionary Biology.
Professional Ethics: A Multidisciplinary Journal was a peer-reviewed academic journal that examined ethical issues in the context of the practice of a profession.
Its focus is on empirical research reports.
It publishes essays ranging across the traditions of Africa, Asia, Europe, and North and South America.
The Journal of Basic Microbiology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on microbiology.
It is an official journal of the Association for Information Systems and is published by the Management Information Systems Research Center.
In 2015 the journal moved to Sage Publications.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 6.
Voprosy Psikhologii is also indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index and Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences.
The Journal of Leadership & Organizational Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of management studies.
Substance Use & Misuse is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering substance abuse.
Automation and Remote Control is a Russian scientific journal published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica Press and distributed in English by Springer Science+Business Media.
The Journal of Parasitology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on parasites published bimonthly by the American Society of Parasitologists.
It focuses primarily on interdisciplinary discourse at the nexus of international law and international relations.
Most antivirals are used for specific viral infections, while a broad-spectrum antiviral is effective against a wide range of viruses.
It covers research on all aspects of aesthetic plastic surgery.
It has been MEDLINE and Pubmed indexed since its first issue.
Its focus is on molecular and cellular mechanisms in endocrinology, including gene regulation, cell biology, signalling, mutations and transgenesis.
The title honors Irving Langmuir, winner of the 1932 Nobel Prize for Chemistry.
"In a world of fever swamp politics and arid, overly specialized expertise," Brooks wrote in his closing, "National Affairs arrives at just the right time."
The current editor-in-chief is Michael R. Blatt.
The journal was established in 1972 and covers research on the "broader fields of psychology and rehabilitation."
All issues are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
Both the nationalised East-German Niemeyer publisher and the West-German Niemeyer continued publishing the Beiträge under the same name.
Since 2013, it has been edited by B. Ruby Rich, with Regina Longo as associate editor.
Mark Kantor is the current Editor-in-Chief of TDM.
Its managing editors are Balthasar Bickel, Bernard Comrie, and Ekkehard König.
The International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in geriatric psychiatry.
The Journal of Thrombosis and Haemostasis is the official medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis.
It will waive the fee for authors who do not have the funds.
Journal of Thermoplastic Composite Materials is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Materials Science.
The RSPB has many local groups and maintains 200 nature reserves.
FIZ Chemie scanned the entire work and developed a full text searchable database for the web.
Oceanography is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Oceanography Society, that covers ocean science and its applications.
Black Denim Lit was founded by Christopher T. Garry in Seattle, Washington.
La Caricature was a satirical weekly published French periodical that was distributed in Paris between 1830 and 1843 during the July Monarchy.
Initially published quarterly, the publication frequency has been bimonthly since 2008.
The journal began publication in 1922 as The Bell System Technical Journal.
Genes, Chromosomes and Cancer is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal.
The Journal of the American College of Radiology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering radiology.
It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Nature Reviews Cancer is a monthly review journal covering the field of oncology.
The Journal of Dentistry is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of dentistry.
The journal is indexed in Clarivate Analytics' Science Citation Index Expanded, and has a 2016 Impact Factor of 4.773.
The journal was established in 1921 as the National Vocational Guidance Bulletin.
The journal was established in May 1973 by founding editor Hillel H. Ticktin as Critique: Journal of Marxist Theory and Soviet Studies.
The editors-in-chief are Parvis Emad, Friedrich-Wilhelm von Herrmann, Pascal David, Paola-Ludovika Coriando, and Ingeborg Schüßler.
The Journal of Clinical Neurophysiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering clinical neurophysiology.
Biological Theory is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the fields of evolution and cognition, including cognitive psychology, epistemology, philosophy of science, evolutionary biology, and developmental biology.
Fabio Vighi, On Žižek's Dialectics: Surplus, Subtraction, Sublimation,.
It was established in 2007 and is published by the Jordan University of Science and Technology.
It was established in 1942 and was acquired by Oxford University Press in 2015.
The journal’s first woman editor-in-chief was Mary Hamilton Swindler.
It has been in publication since 1961  and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
It has been published since 1973 and covers Native American legal issues.
The Pennsylvania Manual is a biennial guide to the Government of Pennsylvania produced by the Pennsylvania Department of General Services.
The Cornell Policy Review is an online academic journal published by the Cornell Institute for Public Affairs.
It was established in 1976 with Matthew J. Wayner as founding editor in chief.
Former chief editors include the Jesuit fathers Leo Cullum, Horacio de la Costa, Miguel Bernad, Roque Ferriols, Joseph Roche, John Schumacher, and Joseph Galdon.
The current editor-in-chief is Wesley W. Wilson.
It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The journal publishes articles on the subjects of Ophthalmology and vision science.
The following notable writers have appeared in Hayden's Ferry Review: Rita Dove, Joseph Heller, T.C.
"Agalma" is an ancient Greek word that means ornament, gift, image, and statue.
It was published by the Leibniz Centre for Agricultural Landscape Research from 2007-2014.
It was established in 1994 and is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Society for Pathophysiology.
The current editor is Marc Simon Rodriguez.
It was started by IDYB Group in December 2009.
It is an official journal of the International Behavioral Neuroscience Society.
The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media along with NYAM.
The journal is indexed by Pubmed Central.
The Review is published quarterly, with recent issues available online.
The current editor-in-chief is Spencer G. Niles.
It encourages contributions from newer members of the philosophical community.
It was established in 1893 as the Dermatologische Zeitschrift and was renamed Dermatologica in 1939.
It also publishes news, news analysis, and opinion columns on topics relevant to oncology nurses.
The journal is now published with assistance from the Axel Kocks fond för nordisk filologi.
First published in 1985, the magazine was partially a continuation of S.W.A.N.S.
It is the official journal of the International Association for Mobile Learning and is published on their behalf by IGI Global.
Organic Preparations and Procedures International is a bimonthly scientific journal focusing on organic chemists engaged in synthesis.
It has been in publication since 1957 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of International Institute of Administrative Sciences.
All papers are now published electronically and all papers from 1998 to the present can be accessed through the journal's website.
An image of the stromatolite is illustrated on the cover of the journal.
It is published by Brill Academic Publishers on behalf of the European Society for the Study of Western Esotericism.
The journal covers all aspects of gastrointestinal endoscopy and also publishes ESGE guidelines and an annual review of the most recent literature, Endoscopy Essentials.
It was established in 2005 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The French journal of popular music studies is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal "dedicated to the study of contemporary popular music".
The International Journal of Medical Microbiology, formerly the Zentralblatt für Bakteriologie, is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on microbiology published by Elsevier.
Since Impunity Watch is entirely paperless, all of the reporting and updates can be done at any time of the day from anywhere in the world.
It was established in 1984 and is published by Wiley on behalf of the International Society for Magnetic Resonance in Medicine.
It is "considered the most authoritative series on the topic".
Each edition is focused on a different theme, which usually means it deals with one specific German-language writer.
The journal also publishes special issues that address timely ethical challenges.
The American Journal of Public Health is a monthly peer-reviewed public health journal published by the American Public Health Association covering health policy and public health.
The editors-in-chief are Bob Galliers and Sirkka Jarvenpaa.
Computational Intelligence is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on artificial intelligence.
It was founded in 1942, with Arthur Allen, a minister of the Presbyterian Church of Eastern Australia, as its first editor.
Techné: Research in Philosophy and Technology is a peer-reviewed academic journal with a focus on philosophical analysis of technological systems.
The journal's name, muqarnas, is a decorative device in traditional Islamic and Persian architecture.
It was established in 1959 as the Journal of Medicinal and Pharmaceutical Chemistry and obtained its current name in 1963.
It is published by Taylor & Francis.
The content on this site is divided into "Nature Protocols" and the "Protocol Exchange".
Transcription is a scientific journal published by Taylor & Francis focusing on the subject of the transcription of DNA.
It was established in 1964 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of Urban Studies Journal Ltd.
Volumes 2 and 3 were published as Memoirs and Proceedings, Chemical Society, London between 1843 and 1848.
The American Journal of Forensic Medicine and Pathology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Kluwer covering research on forensic medicine and forensic pathology.
The journal was established in 1877 as the Bijdragen en Mededeelingen van het Historisch Genootschap.
It is published monthly by Elsevier for the International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
In 1985 the two parts were merged again in 1997 as:
It was established in 1952 and the last issue appeared in 2004.
It is popularly known as the "Green Journal".
The Journal of Inherited Metabolic Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering inherited metabolic disorders.
It was established in 1947 by John Waterlow as Nutrition and renamed Journal of Human Nutrition in 1976.
AIP Conference Proceedings is a serial published by the American Institute of Physics since 1970.
A major use of HTAs is in informing reimbursement and coverage decisions, in which case HTAs should include benefit-harm assessment and economic evaluation."
The journal publishes five issues each volume, including an issue or issues devoted to its multi-day symposium.
Print Quarterly is an international academic journal devoted to the history and art of printmaking, from its origins to the twentieth and twenty-first centuries.
In Vitro Cellular & Developmental Biology – Plant is a scientific journal devoted to in vitro biology in plants.
Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
Le Naturaliste Canadien is a Canadian French-language peer-reviewed scientific journal published semiannually by the Société Léon-Provancher d'Histoire Naturelle du Canada.
Clin-Alert is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers twice a month in the field of Pharmacology.
ASN Neuro is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering neurochemistry.
Personality and Social Psychology Review is a journal published by the Society for Personality and Social Psychology.
It was established in 2009 and is published by MDPI.
It is published by the non-profit Lituanus Foundation, Inc., and has a worldwide circulation of about 3,000 copies per issue.
The Hearing Research is a peer-reviewed monthly journal publishes research work with basic peripheral and central auditory mechanisms.
The Journal of Marketing Education is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers on marketing education.
It was established in 1906 and also published reviews of books on or relating to Missouri history.
Remedial and Special Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of special education.
The journal is published by Elsevier with a total of 100 annual issues in nine specialised sections.
It covers research on occupational and environmental health and safety.
The journal's editor is Rosalie L. Tung.
Since 1969 it has published approximately 1,000 articles, reviews, discussions, and English translations of scholarly work on Hegel's thought.
It was established in 1977 and published quarterly until 2010.
It was established in 1954 under the title Acta Zoologica Hungarica.
The American Journal of Evaluation is published by SAGE Publications.
Acta Psychologica is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering experimental psychology.
On September 7, 2009, David Brooks of the New York Times reviewed the first issue.
This includes technology and applications in physics, chemistry, material science, and the life sciences.
Two issues were published also in 2010, the first one in August and the second in November.
It publishes both theoretical and empirical papers.
Cases in the journal are decisional or illustrative, covering a wide range of business disciplines, from Marketing to Management Information Systems.
Nanotoxicology is a peer-reviewed, scientific journal that focuses on environmental exposure, hazard, and risk of applied nanostructured materials.
Topics include behaviour, breeding, biology, ecology, migrations, movements and systematics.
The first impact factor will be reported in 2016, a two-year impact factor based on the journal's 2013 and 2014 volumes.
These formal approaches apply mathematical economic theory, model building, and statistical estimation.
The abstracts published in the Marburg Journal of Religion itself may be published elsewhere on condition that full documentation of the article is provided.
The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Psychonomic Society and the editor-in-chief is Marie T. Banich.
Caucasian Review of International Affairs is a quarterly peer-reviewed online academic journal covering the countries of the Caucasus and the issues of contemporary international relations.
It covers all topics pertaining to physical chemistry.
The founding Editor-in-Chief was, Amos B. Smith III.
The journal publishes research papers, comments, book reviews, and interviews, as well as a weekly analytical piece, the Caucasus Update.
The Revista Chilena de Historia del Derecho is a peer reviewed academic journal covering legal history that is published by the University of Chile.
Hozon Kagaku is an annual open-access academic journal of conservation science particularly as applied to the Cultural Properties of Japan.
The Zeitschrift für Geomorphologie is a peer-reviewed scientific journal about geomorphology.
Part M: Journal of Engineering for the Maritime Environment
The Cahiers de l'Institut de Linguistique de Louvain is a peer-reviewed French-language journal of linguistics.
Global Public Health is a peer-reviewed public health journal published by Taylor & Francis and established in 2006.
The journal occasionally publishes special issues on focused topics.
Geobios is an academic journal published bimonthly by the publishing house Elsevier.
The journal content covers all aspects of human evolution, focusing on those topics in physical anthropology, primatology, paleoanthropology, and paleolithic archaeology.
The current Editors-in-Chief are Sergio Atienza and Zed Rengel.
Human Fertility is one of two academic journals with this title.
The Scottish Bulletin of Evangelical Theology is an academic journal published by the Scottish Evangelical Theology Society in association with Highland Theological College.
It contains a mix of jokes, satire of scientific practice, science cartoons, and discussion of funny but real research.
It is a joint project of the Faculty of Law and the Munk School of Global Affairs.
Children's Literature Association Quarterly is a quarterly academic journal established in 1975 and an official publication of the Children's Literature Association.
The editors-in-chief are José Antonio Livramento and Luís dos Ramos Machado.
It was established in 1980 and is published by Trinity Evangelical Divinity School.
Mechanistic drug metabolism and regulation of metabolic enzyme gene expression
With broad coverage, spanning the biological, physical, and social sciences, the journal publishes original research alongside scientific reviews, commentaries, and letters.
The Chief Editor is Dr Lisa Hutchinson who works with an international Advisory Board of clinicians.
Its headquarters are located in Deerfield, Illinois.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 0.787.
Special issues are occasionally dedicated to particular topics.
The journal covers mechanistic approaches to physiological, biochemical, cellular, or molecular understanding of toxicologic/pathologic lesions and to methods used to describe these responses.
The journal has a long history, having been established in 1849 in London; it is now published by Oxford University Press.
Wulfenia: Mitteilungen des Kärntner Botanikzentrums is a print-only peer-reviewed scientific journal of botany published by the Regional Museum of Carinthia.
It covers research in pulmonary, critical care, and sleep medicine.
It is edited by Hazel McGee and publishes original research articles, as well news items relevant to the association and the proceedings of association meetings.
The Teb o Tazkieh is published by the deputy of research in Tehran University of Medical Sciences, affiliated with the Ministry of Health and Medical Education.
Established in 1973 as the Chinese Journal of Mathematics, the journal was renamed to its current name in 1997.
Biological Research for Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal that biological research applied to nursing.
A continuation of a journal founded in 1868 by the German physiologist, Eduard Friedrich Wilhelm Pflüger, Pflügers Archiv is the oldest physiological journal.
The journal was established in 1985 and the editor-in-chief is Scott Hasson.
journal is published quarterly by the Penn State University Press.
Developmental Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association covering research in developmental psychology.
ACS Chemical Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 2006 by the American Chemical Society.
As of early 2007 there have been 32 volumes.
These three categories are another way of breaking down gender into the different social, biological, and cultural constructions.
It has been in publication since 1984 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
It is published in association with the Nordic Psychological Association and on behalf of the Scandinavian Psychological Associations.
Revue d'histoire ecclésiastique is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of Church history.
It was published by Lexington Books and later by Kluwer Academic Publishers.
Previous editors-in-chief include Albert S. Cook and George T. Flom.
European Psychologist seeks to integrate across all specialisations in psychology and to provide a general platform for communication and cooperation among psychologists throughout Europe and worldwide.
The Zygon is the symbol of the journal, its aim being to reunite the "split team" of values and knowledge.
This is still the main aim of the journal today.
The journal is published biannually, in May and October, by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
This journal aimed to discuss chronic diseases and how they affected all ages, rather than merely the elderly.
It is published twice yearly on a non-profit basis in cooperation with the Philosophy Documentation Center.
The most frequently reported adverse events were pneumothorax and infections.
Thomson edited it until 1821, when he was succeeded in 1821 by Richard Phillips.
Sociological Forum is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Eastern Sociological Society.
Calyx: A Journal of Art and Literature by Women is an American literary magazine published in Corvallis, Oregon.
The journal was established in 1955 under the name Astronautica Acta, obtaining its current title in 1974, with volume-numbering simultaneously restarting at 1.
Organization is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of management and organization studies.
The Journal of Pragmatics was established in 1977 by Jacob L. Mey and Hartmut Haberland.
According to the journal's editor-in-chief, John Read, the primary audience is psychiatrists, clinical psychologists, and all professionals with an interest in mental health.
Honorary Editors are Bruno S. Frey and René L. Frey.
The Journal of the Chemical Society of Pakistan is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of chemistry.
It is the official journal of the Western Academy of Management, an independent affiliate of the Academy of Management.
Journal of College Counseling is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association and the American College Counseling Association.
It was established in 1972 under the name Critical Reviews in Biochemistry, obtaining its current name in 1989.
This influential journal brought together all branches of Armenian studies, systematically consolidating research on culture, ancient law and philosophy, architecture, language and history."
The "A" series contains general publications, the "B" series focuses on topical mathematical programming areas.
It was established in 1971 as Annals of Clinical Laboratory Science and obtained its current title in 1973.
It takes the place of the Annals of the South African Museum, which has been discontinued.
Review articles of career assessment strategies and techniques
All original research articles contain a Community/Policy brief, which describes key findings and recommendations in language accessible to non-researchers.
In 1991, the magazine reverted to its original name, New England Review, and opted to have only informal ties with the Writers' Conference.
It was established 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Commission on Correctional Health Care.
It is the official journal of the Mathematical Optimization Society and consists of two series: A and B.
Polymer Bulletin is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media, covering polymer science, including chemistry, physics, physical chemistry, and material science.
Foro Interno has also published relevant books as the Colección Rétor.
The journal is listed on the Financial Times List of the top 50 business journals and publishes approximately 28 issues per year.
It is an official publication of the Society of Biological Inorganic Chemistry and published by Springer Science+Business Media.
The Biotechnology Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of biotechnology.
Meillet himself wrote many of the articles during the formative years of the journal, which typically covered Armenian history, grammar, and folk tales.
The journal also features a bibliography of recently published books.
The editors-in-chief are Jan Willem Duyvendak, Peter Geschiere, and Paul Willis.
Communications in Contemporary Mathematics is a journal published by World Scientific since 1999.
The academic discipline studying the impacts of science, technology, and society, and vice versa is called science and technology studies.
The majority of papers are in English with the remainder in French.
Social Analysis is published triannually and is edited by Bruce Kapferer.
It is the official journal of the International Society for Twin Studies.
It was established in 1950 and is published 4 times a year by the American Society for Enology and Viticulture.
The Revista Latinoamericana de Química is a Mexican scientific journal in chemistry.
It has been in publication since 1996 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
From 1999, it has been published monthly.
The journal is abstracted and/or indexed by Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, Medline/PubMed, Science Citation Index Expanded, SciFinder, SciSearch, Scopus and Web of Science, among others.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 8.983.
The Journal of Conchology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by The Conchological Society of Great Britain and Ireland, covering research in conchology and malacology.
The journal covers economics from an Austrian School perspective.
English Literary Renaissance is a peer-reviewed academic journal dedicated to the study of English literature from 1485 to 1665.
In 2007, Hassler retired and the current editors are Martinez, Andrew M. Butler, Gerry Canavan, Rachel Haywood-Ferreira and John Rieder.
First published in 1881, JBL is the flagship journal of the field.
Fossils are the preserved remains or traces of animals, plants, and other organisms from the remote past.
Neuroscience Letters is a biweekly rapid-publication scientific journal for short articles covering all aspects of neuroscience.
It is a sister journal to Laser Physics.
This journal covers research on electrical, optical, and magnetic ceramics, including silicon-electroceramic integration, nanotechnology, ceramic-polymer composites, grain boundary and defect engineering.
The journal was established in 1989 as Paediatric Nursing, obtaining its current title in 2014, and is published by RCN Publishing.
Each Interface Focus themed issue is devoted to a specific subject at the interface of the physical sciences and life sciences.
The process of implementing a damage detection and characterization strategy for engineering structures is referred to as structural health monitoring.
It was established in 1979 and the current editor-in-chief is Ronnie Fass, MD.
The journal is published by the Gesellschaft der Freunde alter Musikinstrumente.
Information Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering data-intensive technologies underlying database systems, business processes, social media, and data science.
The journal is dedicated to both theoretical and experimental research."
It is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Society for Neurochemistry, of which it is the official journal.
It was established in 2006 and published by Landes Bioscience, until this company was acquired by Taylor & Francis in 2014.
Research into the many possible relationships, intersections and tensions between language and gender is diverse.
It was established in 2009 and is published by Future Science.
It was established in 2005 as Nature Clinical Practice Endocrinology & Metabolism and obtained its current title in April 2009.
It is the main journal in the field of Digital Humanities.
However, volumes 25–26 contain two issues each.
Cambridge University Press has been the publisher since 2002.
In 1980, it was closed, alongside its publishing body, the Burma Research Society, by the Burma Socialist Programme Party government.
The African Archaeological Review is a peer-reviewed journal focusing on current African archaeology.
The journal is described as follows on the ACM Digital Library page:
The journal hosts the Stefan A. Riesenfeld Symposium, where scholars and practitioners address important international legal issues.
The journal's editor is Lynne P Baldwin.
The current editors, Nicole Torres and Gary Moore, began the position in August 2015.
It is published by John Wiley & Sons and covers the neurobiology of the hippocampal formation and related structures.
The Canadian Journal of Research is a defunct peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1929 by the National Research Council of Canada.
Injury Prevention is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the prevention of injuries in all age groups, including child and adolescent injuries.
It covers all aspects of medicine, especially as relevant "for the continuing-education training of specialists and general practitioners".
Journal of Iberian Geology is a triannual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Universidad Complutense de Madrid.
The European Economic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in economics.
Meteoritics & Planetary Science is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1953.
It was established by Toshikazu Yoshikawa, who was also its first editor-in-chief.
Established as a print journal published by Holzapfel Verlag in 1995, it was relaunched in 2012 as an open-access online-only format by BioMed Central.
It covers all aspects of pure and applied helminthology, particularly those helminth parasites of environmental health, medical, or veterinary importance.
In addition to major articles, the journal also publishes review articles and comprehensive book reviews.
Educational Measurement: Issues and Practice is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Council on Measurement in Education.
It is published by Sweet & Maxwell and was established in 1885.
It was originally published as The Musical Times and Singing Class Circular from 1844 until 1903.
It also publishes authoritative reviews on crop science and environmental issues by invitation.
The journal is indexed by the MLA International Bibliography, American Humanities Index, Abstracts of English Studies, and EBSCO's Humanities International Complete.
Environmental Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles, reviews, and discussions relevant to all areas of environmental philosophy.
The journal publishes articles in the field of behavioural neuroscience.
Journal of the West is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history and culture of the American West.
Geofísica Internacional is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Instituto de Geofísica of National Autonomous University of Mexico.
Since 1994, WAPOR bestows the Robert M. Worcester Prize for "outstanding" publication in IJPOR; among prior recipients of the prize is communications researcher Dietram Scheufele.
Theory & Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology.
It was established in 1957 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the National Association for Gifted Children.
It is published by PEN American Center in New York City.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.183.
It covers research on psychopathology, psychodiagnostics, psychotherapy, psychological assessment and treatment matching, clinical outcomes, clinical health psychology, and behavioral medicine.
It is the official journal of the International Society for Knowledge Organization and was published under the title International Classification between 1974 and 1993.
Manuscripts are published as soon as they have undergone peer review.
The authors come from a variety of disciplines including anthropology, psychology and human behavioral ecology.
It has been in publication since 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Norwegian Archaeological Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of archaeology.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Association of Geoanalysts.
The founding editor-in-chief was Stephen Grossberg, the current editors-in-chief are DeLiang Wang and Kenji Doya.
The Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases is a peer-reviewed medical journal.
It began operation on October 19, 2004, as the second journal of the Public Library of Science, a non-profit open access publisher.
It was established in 1982 by Valerie Minogue and Brian Nelson.
Shaun Breslin, Dept of Political and International Studies, University of Warwick, UK
Ion exchange topics covered include synthesis and characterization, as well as applications such as water decontamination.
The journal's editor-in-chief is Laurie A. Dinnebeil.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed, Embase/Excerpta Medica, EMCare, Chemical Abstracts, Scopus, and CINAHL.
It was established in 1969 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the British Society for Surgery of the Hand.
The editors-in-chief are Daya K. Thussu, John Downing, Des Freedman, Clemencia Rodríguez, and Yuezhi Zhao.
The title translates to Journal of Economic & Social Geography in English.
The current general editor is Román de la Campa.
In addition, two "special review" issues are published each year.
The journal covers emerging issues of law in the areas of intellectual property, cyber law, information law, and biotechnology, as well as antitrust and telecommunications law.
The Bellevue Literary Review hosts an annual writing competition.
Winning poets include Elizabeth Volpe and Deborah DeNicola and Cris Miller.
Life returned to regularly scheduled issues when it became a weekly newspaper supplement from 2004 to 2007.
The journal was founded in 1957 under its former name Information and Control.
It was established in 1980 and is published by Elsevier.
In addition, the journal publishes critical notices and book reviews.
Team Performance Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Emerald Group Publishing covering research on work-group and team performance management.
Age is a scientific journal focused on the biology of aging and research on biomedical applications that impact aging.
The journal is published in English, with translated editions in Arabic, Chinese, French, Hindi, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish.
International Journal of Green Pharmacy is peer-reviewed open access journal published on behalf of the B R Nahata Smriti Sansthan, Mandsaur.
It was established in 2006 and is published nine times per year by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The Virginia Law Review is a law review edited and published by students at University of Virginia School of Law.
It publishes original research papers in all fields of chemistry.
Etude de la Population Africaine/African Population Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering original research on African populations, development, and related fields.
Foot & Ankle Specialist is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of orthopedics.
In 2014, the journal moved to open access.
The Journal of Geology publishes research on geology, geophysics, geochemistry, sedimentology, geomorphology, petrology, plate tectonics, volcanology, structural geology, mineralogy, and planetary sciences.
Informal education – Learning that goes on all the time, resulting from daily life activities related to work, family, community or leisure.
The editors-in-chief are Po-Quang Chen and Li-Shan Chou.
The editors-in-chief are Michael Hinchey and Shawn Bohner.
The Journal of Nuclear Cardiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in nuclear cardiology.
The journal was originally published by the Department of Classical Studies at the University of Michigan and was favorably received.
Many issues include obituaries of relevant scholars.
The journal is published by Palgrave Macmillan and the current joint editors-in-chief are Colin Hay, Ben Rosamond, and Martin A. Schain,.
Molecular Plant Pathology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Society for Plant Pathology.
Minerva Medica is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal published in English and Italian.
The journal's editors-in-chief are Garry Carnegie and Carolyn Fowler.
It was established in 1950 by Academic Press and is currently published by Elsevier.
American Mineralogist: An International Journal of Earth and Planetary Materials is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the general fields of mineralogy, crystallography, geochemistry, and petrology.
It was established in 2002 with the aim to provide an alternative to biology journals with high-impact factor such as Nature, Science, and Cell.
Jeffrey Laurence has been editor-in-chief since 2006.
Maps of significant weather are also included.
Journal of Marriage and Family is indexed by Thomson Reuters.
It is currently edited by V. P. Skulachev.
It was established in 1986 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the editors-in-chief are John D. Nelson and George H. McCracken Jr..
The American River Review is a literary journal, first published in 1984, by students and faculty of American River College.
The National Association of Scholars is an American non-profit politically conservative advocacy group, with a particular interest in education.
The journal's editor-in-chief is Constance L. Shehan.
Language Acquisition: A Journal of Developmental Linguistics is an American peer-reviewed journal in psycholinguistics that has been published quarterly since 1990.
Schweizerische Zeitschrift für Forstwesen is one of the oldest forestry journals still in print in the world.
The Woman's Art Journal is a feminist art history journal that focuses on women in the visual arts.
The editors-in-chief are Jesus Djalma Pécora, Paulo Cesar Saquy, and Manoel Damião de Sousa Neto.
Technology brokers are people who discovered how to bridge the emergent worlds and apply scientific concepts or processes to new situations or circumstances.
The journal has been widely cited by the academic community and contains a number of influential articles.
It is mainly distributed to members of the British Veterinary Association as part of their membership.
It is published quarterly by Sage Publications on behalf of the Institute of Race Relations and is interdisciplinary, publishing material across the humanities and social sciences.
It was established in 2005 as Energy Safety in Documents and Facts Journal, obtaining its current title in 2008.
When the Dickinson Law School merged with Penn State University in 2003, the name of the periodical was changed to the Penn State Law Review.
Caldasia is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Instituto de Ciencias Naturales since 1940.
Analyst was established in 1876 by the Society for Analytical Chemistry as The Analyst and obtained its current name in 2009.
The journal's continuity is found in Chemical Communications, Dalton Transactions, Faraday Transactions, and Perkin Transactions, all of which are published by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
The New Journal of Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research and review articles on all aspects of chemistry.
He is a member of the Institute of Medicine and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and a recipient of many honors.
Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychiatry.
It was established in 2004 and is published by BioMed Central.
Machine Vision and Applications is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering image processing.
The Journal of Sociolinguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers topics in sociolinguistics.
Each year, six of the seven issues of the review include articles, book reviews, essays, commentaries, and notes.
The journal publishes articles and reviews on various aspects of critical thinking.
In these 140 years, scientific editors reported research progresses in chemistry with approximately 2 million abstracts, publishing over 650,000 pages.
It covers all areas of wireless communication systems and networks.
Alternatives: Global, Local, Political is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of international relations.
Notable contributors include Norman Bowie, Myles Brand, Peter Caws, Angela Davis, Daniel Dennett, Alasdair MacIntyre, Rosalind Ladd, Michael Pritchard, Anita Silvers, and Robert C. Solomon.
Trauma, Violence, & Abuse is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on trauma, abuse, and violence.
It was established in 1968 and covers the application of crystallography and crystallographic techniques.
It is the official journal of the Association for Child and Adolescent Mental Health and is published on their behalf by Wiley-Blackwell.
Clinical, computational, and comparative approaches to development
The journal was established in 1971 as the European Studies Review and obtained its current title in 1984.
It publishes articles, case studies, and reviews intended to help instructors do a better job in the classroom.
Unasylva is a multilingual international journal of forestry and forest industries published by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.
Sociological Abstracts, Social Sciences Citation Index, Scopus, and elsewhere.
The International MS Journal is a medical journal published by Cambridge Medical Publications carrying reviews on multiple sclerosis.
Current Opinion in Colloid and Interface Science is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
Susan Muaddi Darraj then led the journal from 2003 to 2010, expanding contributions to include creative nonfiction and interviews.
Bibliographic databases indexing the journal include the ACM Guide to Computing Literature and the Digital Bibliography & Library Project.
The journal was established in 1938 and is currently published by Springer Link.
The journal appears biannually in March and September.
Regular features include articles on pedagogy, literature, ELL issues, and educational technology.
Infection, Genetics and Evolution, Journal of Molecular Epidemiology and Evolutionary Genetics of Infectious Diseases is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 2001.
The journal was established in 2001 and has been published by the University of Pennsylvania Press since 2011.
OL is indexed in: Chemical Abstracts Service, EBSCOhost, British Library, PubMed, Web of Science, and SwetsWise.
The journal is indexed in a wide range of bibliographic databases, e.g., PubMed.
It is widely regarded as the premier journal of American history in the world, and is also highly respected as a general historical journal.
Environmental Chemistry is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing.
And in 2007/08 it became the Swansea History Journal – Minerva.
It is published by The Royal Institution of South Wales, founded in 1835 as Swansea Philosophical and Literary Society.
The scope of the journal has changed over time.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2015 impact factor is 0.604, ranking it 25th out of 40 journals in the category "Women's Studies".
The Journal of Forecasting is a peer-reviewed academic journal published eight times per year by John Wiley & Sons.
TME is produced by students, and it is published by the Mathematics Education Student Association in the Department of Mathematics Education at the University of Georgia.
Every issue presents contributions by scholars commenting on recent books about Germany.
The Journal of Natural Products is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of research on the chemistry and/or biochemistry of naturally occurring compounds.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.217.
The journal was established in 1972 and the editor-in-chief is Leona Martinez.
It was established in 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
It was established in 1953 as IRE Transactions on Information Theory.
It is published by a consortium of the British Sociological Association, SAGE Publications, the University of Surrey and the University of Stirling.
Other past editors include Nigel Fabb, Caroline Heycock, and Robert D. Borsley.
The journal covers all aspects of nonlinear science, featuring topics which range from physics, mathematics, and engineering through to biological sciences.
The journal covers forensic psychology, especially the interaction of psychology and law in the area of trauma and injury.
It is abstracted and indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE/Index Medicus.
HLA is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1971.
The journal was created in 1997 and includes research on group dynamics, defined by the editors as "the scientific study of all aspects of groups."
The Quarterly Journal of the Royal Meteorological Society is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of meteorology published eight times per year.
The current editor is Ian A. McFarland.
It is published quarterly and was established in 1999.
The journal was established in 1972 and is published by Elsevier.
Its publication frequency switched from bimonthly to monthly in 2012.
Norwegian Journal of Geology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Norwegian Geological Society.
The journal covers biological, chemical, or physical mechanisms of broad physiological significance.
Theory & Society is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering theoretical analyses of social processes and phenomena.
The journal was established in September, 2009, ahead of the publication of the first issue in January 2010.
Its continuous publication history dates back to 1809.
The journal's editors are Emma Bell and Todd Bridgman.
It focuses on the topics of clinical and practice management.
It is currently edited by Sara Pantuliano, Helen Young, and John Twigg.
The Australian Journal of Chemistry is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing.
The journal was founded by James Thomas in 1976.
Ageing Research Reviews publishes research on human life expectancy, ageing and age-related disease.
The Quarterly Journal's Bibliographic Ranking was ranked 33rd out of the 62 heterodox economics journals surveyed; its reputation among peers was ranked 57th.
Journal of Marketing Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Marketing Association.
The journal was established in 1982 and the editor-in-chief is Vijaykrishnan Narayanan.
Until 2009 the journal was edited by Margaret and Andrew Taylor of the Bradford University School of Management, UK.
It is published by World Scientific and covers information processing in natural and artificial neural systems.
It covers theoretical and practical developments in archival science, particularly in North America.
In 1984, a new series was started by the Ecological Institute of Mexico.
Since 2004 the journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
The Journal of Economic Education offers original peer-reviewed articles on teaching economics.
Texas Journal on Civil Liberties & Civil Rights is a biannual student-produced law review at the University of Texas School of Law.
It was published by Informa and abstracted and indexed in Scopus.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 3.807.
Confluence: The Journal of Graduate Liberal Studies is an academic journal covering liberal studies that is published by the Association of Graduate Liberal Studies Programs.
The journal was established in 2009 with editor-in-chief Max J. Skidmore.
The editors-in-chief are Weng Cho Chew and Sailing He.
Bayesian Analysis is an open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering theoretical and applied aspects of Bayesian methods.
It was established in 1989 and was merged with Brain Research in 2006.
The Law Review has an international circulation and is one of few American law reviews carried by law libraries in the United Kingdom.
The editors-in-chief are Robin Mitchell-Boyask and Lee T. Pearcy
The journal is routinely cited by scholars, practitioners, and courts, including the United States Supreme Court.
It was established in 1884, making it one year older than England's Law Quarterly Review.
Initially published by Carilian-Goeury, it was taken over after several years by a different publisher, Bachelier.
Each English issue carries abstracts of the articles in the previous Hebrew issue.
Published five times per year, it is one of two journals published by the Agricultural & Applied Economics Association, along with Applied Economic Perspectives and Policy.
It was established in 1990 and the editor-in-chief is Paget Henry.
The journal covers all aspects of the microbiological sciences, including virology, bacteriology, parasitology, and mycology.
The journal was established in 1966 as Politics and obtained its current name in 1990.
It was established in 1987 with Stephen Wolfram as founding editor.
Authors can elect to have accepted articles published as open access.
This journal is currently edited by Arne L. Kalleberg.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 15.307.
Adaptive Behavior is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers the field of adaptive behavior in living organisms and autonomous artificial systems.
A sister open access journal focusing on applications of medical decision making, Medical Decision Making Policy & Practice, began publishing in 2016.
The journal was established in 1956, and then split into Nuclear Physics A and Nuclear Physics B in 1967.
In January 2016, EC was merged into the cross-disciplinary ASM journal mSphere.
The Journal of Literary Theory is a double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal published by Walter de Gruyter since 2007.
With editorial offices at the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Florida, the journal is a scholarly publication and journal of record in Florida history.
It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry on behalf of the French National Centre for Scientific Research.
Warren Breckman, Adventures of the Symbolic: Postmarxism and Radical Democracy.
The International Journal of Thermophysics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
The California Law Review is a law journal published by the University of California, Berkeley, School of Law.
Frothingham became the first editor, serving until 1896.
It was established in 2009 and is indexed in PsycINFO, EmCare, and Scopus.
Emerging industry trends and independent market research in the perimeter security market
The AAPG Bulletin is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering geosciences and associated technologies relating to the energy industry.
The journal also publishes selected papers presented at the annual International Thermal Spray Conference.
It covers musculoskeletal diseases and orthopedic surgery.
Biochimica et Biophysica Acta is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of biochemistry and biophysics that was established in 1947.
The Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of Pennsylvania.
ACS Nano is a monthly, peer-reviewed, scientific journal, first published in August 2007 by the American Chemical Society.
Aims and scope BMC Genomics is an open access, peer-reviewed journal that considers articles on all aspects of genome-scale analysis, functional genomics, and proteomics.
A focus on cultural, political and economic history is complemented by critiques of current events of relevance to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander culture and society.
The International Journal of the Sociology of Language is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of sociology of language.
The journal includes original articles, reviews, and translations.
The journal was first published in 1994 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
As of Summer 2014, its editor-in-chief is Barton Palmer.
It was established in 2000 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Infection Prevention Society.
The Journal of Personality and Social Psychology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Psychological Association that was established in 1965.
Launched in 2006, the British Scholar Society is currently chaired by Martin Farr of Newcastle University.
The Reformed Theological Review is Australia's longest-running Protestant theological journal.
This journal was formerly known as Cytometry and first published in July 1980 with ISSN 0196-4763.
Jo-Anne H. Young's term as editor-in-chief ends in 2017.
Expert Opinion on Therapeutic Patents is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering pharmaceutical patent information across all therapy areas.
Physikalische Zeitschrift was a German scientific journal of physics published from 1899 to 1945 by S. Hirzel Verlag.
The journal publishes articles on the subject of Orthopaedics.
The editors-in-chief are Keith Putirka, and Ian Swainson.
^ a b c "About Voprosy Psikhologii".
The journal publishes original research articles, review articles, letters to the editor, commentaries, and case reports.
Naugatuck River Review is a national literary magazine named after the Naugatuck River in Connecticut.
The editors-in-chief are David Hunt and Roland Perry.
It is published by the University of New Brunswick.
Cell Biochemistry and Biophysics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of the biology of cells, especially their biochemistry and biophysics.
It is published by Routledge and is the official journal of the Australian Political Studies Association.
Ocean Science is an open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Copernicus Publications on behalf of the European Geosciences Union.
Raoul Moati, Autour de S., Žižek, psychanalyse, marxisme, idéalisme allemand.
It is an official journal of the American Society for Matrix Biology and the International Society for Matrix Biology.
Since then, 12 additional chemical societies have joined in co-ownership of the journal.
Here it merged with Naujasis Židinys and was renamed to Naujasis Židinys-Aidai.
The PCD Collections are articles grouped together that feature a common theme.
Journal of Research in Reading is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the UKLA.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus.
Papers may be on all aspects of the biology of mammals, including ecology, genetics, conservation, behavior, systematics, morphology and physiology.
It publishes articles discussing politics and economy.
Philosophia Christi is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Evangelical Philosophical Society with the support of Biola University.
French Cultural Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Cultural Studies.
Articles are published in English, German, or French.
The journal is edited by M. Azuma, A. Bansil, H.-P. Cheng, and K. Prassides.
Social Philosophy Today is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary series sponsored by the North American Society for Social Philosophy.
Ostrich is a journal of African ornithology published by BirdLife South Africa, formerly the South African Ornithological Society, in association with the National Information Services Corporation.
It publishes articles and reviews in the fields of ethnohistory, historical anthropology and social and cultural history.
It is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry in partnership with the European Federation for Medicinal Chemistry, of which it is the official journal.
The Journal of Web Semantics is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
All articles are in English and their range covers the following fields:
Articles published in the journal are drawn from a number of disciplines involved in primatological research, including anthropology, zoology, psychology, paleontology, sociology, genetics, and conservation biology.
The current editors are Linda Gambrell and Susan Neuman.
It covers research in the study of mind and language primarily from the fields of linguistics, philosophy, psychology, artificial intelligence, and cognitive anthropology.
Bank of England Chief Economist Charlie Bean strongly supported the project, and the journal's governing body, comprising representatives from the sponsoring institutions, was established.
It was established in 1983 and covers research in behavioral neuroscience.
The journal has had the following previous titles, according to Ulrich's:
Child Development is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering developmental psychology from the fetal period to adolescence.
Chinese Chemical Letters is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of chemistry.
It covers research in any field of interest to more than one discipline and with a regional focus on Africa.
The current editors-in-chief are Åke Bergmark and Jill Duerr Berrick.
Acta Philosophica Fennica is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Philosophical Society of Finland.
The Editorial Collective for Public Culture includes Kyeong-Hee Choi.
AIR also runs the Luxuriant Flowing Hair Club for Scientists.
The Journal of Clinical Neuroscience publishes articles on clinical neurosurgery and neurology and related neurosciences such as neuro-pathology, neuro-radiology, neuro-ophthalmology and neuro-physiology.
Established in 1999, its founding co-editors were R. W. Bradford, Stephen D. Cox, and New York University scholar Chris Matthew Sciabarra.
The Journal of Logic and Computation is a peer-reviewed academic journal focused on logic and computing.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.526.
It was founded in 1952 by a combination of Marxist and non-Marxist historians.
Articles in this journal focus on the molecular level and should not include clinical information on specific drugs
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.60.
Izvestiya: Mathematics is the English translation of the Russian mathematical journal Izvestiya Rossiiskoi Akademii Nauk, Seriya Matematicheskaya which was founded in 1937.
It was established in 1995 and is published by Edinburgh University Press.
students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Between 1909 and 1941 the journal was edited in Albany, New York.
Nutrition in Clinical Practice is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of nutrition.
Blanpied and the editor-in-chief is O. Isacson.
Papers focus on population ecology, plant-animal interactions, ecosystem ecology, community ecology, global change ecology, conservation ecology, behavioral ecology and physiological ecology.
Sobornost is a theological journal published by the Fellowship of St Alban and St Sergius.
Bulletin de la Société Mathématique de France is a mathematics journal published quarterly by Société Mathématique de France.
Historical Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of paleobiology.
Social Forces was established by Howard W. Odum in 1922 as Journal of Social Forces.
The editors-in-chief are Cynthia Chris and Matt Brim.
A single volume per year is published; a volume has one or sometimes two issues, with occasional supplements.
The journal is based at the University of Florida Levin College of Law.
The journal is indexed by EBSCO in the database Art & Architecture Complete.
Critique: Journal of Socialist Theory is a Marxist academic journal published by the Centre for the Study of Socialist Theory and Movements.
Circuit Courts of Appeals, and the International Court of Justice.
African Issues was an academic journal that published short articles analyzing contemporary policies toward Africa, in Africa, and involving the Africanist community.
Many senior figures in Narkomnats contributed to it.
It was established in 1984 and is published by the Brazilian Association of Population Studies, with support from the Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico.
Chest is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering chest diseases and related issues, including pulmonology, cardiology, thoracic surgery, transplantation, breathing, airway diseases, and emergency medicine.
It was established in 2007 and covers statistical analysis.
It was established in 1967 as the official organ of the Southern Humanities Council, with which it remains affiliated.
Papers are published under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license.
Alternatively, the Review can be accessed via HeinOnline.
The Journal of Proteome Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 2002 by the American Chemical Society.
It is published by the International Phenomenological Society based at Brown University in Rhode Island, United States.
It was established in 1915 as the Iowa Law Bulletin.
This quarterly journal has distributed several groundbreaking papers in psychology.
Contexts: Understanding People in their Social Worlds is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal and an official publication of the American Sociological Association.
Although emphasising work predominantly from analytic philosophy, it does not exclusively publish in one tradition and includes a variety of philosophical topics.
The editor-in-chief is Prokar Dasgupta and the journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
Topics covered include biotechnology management, policy, finance, law, and regulations.
Environmental Values started as a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal closely associated with the ecological economics movement, but also firmly based in applied ethics.
This journal's name was changed to "Antarctic Science" in 1989.
Past topics have included John Keats, the Whiskey Rebellion, pirates, Rebecca Harding Davis, religion in the eighteenth century, and Italian Americans in Western Pennsylvania.
It covers childhood neurological disorders and treatment, encompassing factors of lifespan, neurological recovery and intervention at experimental, clinical and theoretical levels.
Baltimore Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1996.
The journal took the name The Historical Quarterly of the Filson Club in 1929, and The Filson Club History Quarterly the following year.
Since 2007, it is published by the eponymic association Carnets de Géologie at the University of Western Brittany in Brest, France.
Economic and Industrial Democracy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on industrial relations and the organization of the workplace and economic life.
Anthropology of Consciousness is the primary publication of the Society for the Anthropology of Consciousness, published by American Anthropological Association since 1990.
Algorithms documented in TOMS are available as the Collected Algorithms of the ACM in print, on microfiche, on disk, and online.
Annalen der Physik is one of the oldest scientific journals on physics and has been published since 1799.
Each issue of the journal focuses on a particular theme.
In 2016, the journal launched its online companion site, Sua Sponte.
The editor in chief is Costas Ioannides.
It was established in May 2008 by its current editor-in-chief, Alexandre Noukhovitch and is published by the Foundation for Student Science and Technology.
It is abstracted and indexed in Scopus.
Systematic Botany was established in spring 1976 under founding editor-in-chief William Louis Culberson.
Its 2009 MCQ was 0.68, and its 2009 impact factor was 0.624.
The journal is published in Spanish, Italian and Portuguese, and it is diffused especially in Italy and Latin America.
The journal's editor is Stephen G Waxman.
The current editor-in-chief is Shane Jimerson of the University of California Santa Barbara.
Jack Copeland is the Director of the Turing Archive for the History of Computing, an extensive online archive on the computing pioneer Alan Turing.
The journal was established in 1983 and the editors-in-chief are P.G.
The Women's Rights Law Reporter is a journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at Rutgers School of Law—Newark.
The International Catalogue of Scientific Papers was a bibliographic index of scientific literature that was published from 1901-1915, producing a total of 250 volumes.
Each issue also contains Research Highlight articles – short summaries written by the editors that describe recent research papers.
Sean O. Sheridan, President of the Franciscan University of Steubenville and Monsignor Ronny Jenkins, General Secretary of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops.
The Biographical Memoirs of Fellows of the Royal Society is an academic journal on the history of science published annually by the Royal Society.
The 2015 impact factor of the journal is 2.184.
Occasionally, there are special issues dealing with specific topics.
Nouvelles de l'estampe is a scholarly journal on prints.
No issues of the journal were published in 2002, 2011, 2013, and 2014.
In addition, the journal publishes personal narratives that convey the feeling and the art of medicine.
It was established in 1996 and is published seven times per year by Taylor & Francis.
Culture, Medicine and Psychiatry is a cross-cultural peer-reviewed medical journal published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media.
A subscription to IDS HR in Practice includes access to the content of IDS HR Studies back to 2003.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.229.
It later became headquartered at Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan.
Kantian Review is a journal of philosophy, focusing on Immanuel Kant.
For 2007, it was ranked as the #16 academic journal in business by Financial Times.
Comparative study of literary and cultural movements
The Journal on African Philosophy is an electronic journal sponsored by the International Society for African Philosophy and Studies and published by Africa Resource Center.
Oxford Literary Review is an academic journal of literary theory.
Able Muse is a literary journal founded in San Jose, California, in 1999 by Alexander Pepple.
The journal was dedicated to exploring "the minor, redundant and commonplace scenes of life" and celebrating "the majesty of the obvious".
The journal remains a major source in Burma studies publications to date.
It is published by Taylor and Francis Group and was established in 1963.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.935.
Journal of the Arnold Arboretum Supplementary Series
It is the official journal of the Catholic Medical Association and primarily focuses on the relationship between medicine and spirituality, and in particular on medical ethics.
The journal is one of three medical journals, alongside Myanmar Research Journal and Myanmar Journal of Current Medical Practice, published in the country.
Since 1998 it has been edited by Kalevi Kull, Mihhail Lotman, and Peeter Torop.
The journal covers developments in medicinal chemistry and rational drug design and publishes original research reports and review papers.
The International Journal of Cardiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes research articles about the study and management of cardiac diseases.
The Japanese Economic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published since 1959 by the Japanese Economic Association.
Contents are freely accessible online six months after publication from Revistes Catalanes amb Accés Obert and SciELO.
In January 1986, Cancer Treatment Symposia was merged with JNCI Monographs.
Four volumes of three issues each were released by Aigis Publications from 1992 to 1999.
All articles are double peer-reviewed, anonymously; acceptance is dependent on satisfactory referees' comments and revision.
It is published online annually and a student-edited publication dedicated to the study of the Louisiana Civil Code and the state's long civilian tradition.
The journal is hosted by the university's Victorian Studies Program, in conjunction with the English department.
The journal was named in honour of Victorian Government botanist Ferdinand von Mueller.
The journal published a variety of clinical research, review articles, and essays.
It is the oldest Slovenian scholarly journal in the field of humanities.
It covers research on any aspect of quaternary science.
It was established in 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the European Trade Union Institute.
Research in Autism Spectrum Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.984.
The journal is published in English with selected abstracts translated into Chinese, French, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, and Spanish.
Parallel Processing Letters is a journal published by World Scientific since 1991.
The Annual Review of Ecology, Evolution, and Systematics is an annual scientific journal published by Annual Reviews.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 4.748.
The Journal of Chemical Sciences is a bimonthly peer-viewed scientific journal that publishes original research articles, review articles and rapid communications in all areas of chemistry.
It was established by Johan Galtung in 1964 and has been published bimonthly since 1998.
After volume 44 in 1976, the journal became Systematic Entomology, starting again with volume 1.
On January 1, 2006, it was registered as the society's official magazine.
It covers the field of public health and is the official journal of the National Association for Public Health Policy.
The journal was co-founded in 1961 by George Cooper.
Indian Military Review is edited by a team of retired service officers from the Indian Army, Indian Air Force and Indian Navy.
Every entry in the bibliography is categorised by region, country, and subject and newer entries are tagged with additional keywords.
Physiological and Biochemical Zoology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the University of Chicago Press on behalf of the Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology.
The Journal adheres to the highest standards of publishing ethics, with rigorous processes in place to ensure this is achieved.
Computer Music Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers a wide range of topics related to digital audio signal processing and electroacoustic music.
According to the 2012 Journal Citation Reports, its impact factor is 4.084.
Surveys are used to increase knowledge in fields such as social research and demography.
The practice of Medical Ethics is widely accepted and practiced throughout the world.
Its publication frequency switched from bimonthly to monthly in 2012.
World Radio Japan also makes some of its programs available on the Internet.
Fashion Theory: The Journal of Dress, Body & Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge.
The journal publishes short articles from across biology both online and in print.
It was first published in 1950 as Plant Physiology and Plant Molecular Biology.
The journal is edited by Antonio Gaytán and published by the Patristic Institute Augustinianum.
It was established in 1882 and was the first scholarly periodical entirely devoted to the field.
The journal's current editor-in-chief is Harold I. Feldman.
The editors-in-chief are Simon Baron-Cohen and Joseph Buxbaum.
off our backs was last published in 2008.
Physiologia Plantarum is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Scandinavian Plant Physiology Society.
The impact factor for Bulletin of Volcanology in 2011 is 2.205.
It adopted its present name in 1990.
Video component of the methodology is also added.
The editors-in-chief are Cezmi A. Akdis and Zuhair K. Ballas, who succeeded Donald Y.M.
The series was produced in cooperation with the Philosophy Documentation Center.
It is published by Cardiology Academic Press, which is on Jeffrey Beall's list of predatory publishers.
The journal is published monthly by the NRC Research Press and edited by Michael Steinitz.
Matthew Sharpe & Geoff Boucher, Zizek's and Politics: A Critical Introduction.
It was established in 2006 and the editor-in-chief is Yan Xuetong.
In this the American Mathematical Monthly fulfills a different role from that of typical mathematical research journals.
Topics covered include ecology, conservation, behaviour, palaeontology, and taxonomy of birds.
The current editors are Charles A. Nelson, Michelle de Haan, and Paul C. Quinn.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Philosopher's Index and in the Catholic Periodical and Literature Index.
It was established in 2000 and the first editor-in-chief was Leslie Kaelbling.
The journal began in Strasbourg as Annales d'histoire économique et sociale; it moved to Paris and kept the same name from 1929 to 1939.
Medieval Archaeology is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the archaeology of the medieval period, especially in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
It is published by Routledge and the editor-in-chief is David Glantz.
The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Oceania Publications.
IEEE Microwave and Wireless Components Letters is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society.
The first issue was published in September 1990.
Reviews of Geophysics is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Geophysical Union.
It was established in 1969 and is published by Sage Publications.
Since the early 2000s the journal has been closed to unsolicited submissions.
The Journal of Raman Spectroscopy is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of Raman spectroscopy, including Higher Order Processes, and Brillouin and Rayleigh scattering.
The Journal of Ethnobiology is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering ethnobiology.
It publishes original articles that deal with mental and physical health in relation to religion and spirituality of all kinds.
NeuroMolecular Medicine is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the molecular and biochemical basis of neurological disorders.
30, 1914 and from 1950 to 1964.
It publishes reviews, research articles, communications and technical notes.
The Journal of Indian Association for Child and Adolescent Mental Health is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering child psychiatry.
It is distributed to individuals and institutes involved in research and education in the space sciences in Africa.
It was established in 1995 as the Journal of Graduate Liberal Studies and obtained its current name in 2006.
Nature Reviews Nephrology is a peer-reviewed medical journal for nephrologists.
The journal is owned by the BRC and published by the University of Hawaii Press.
Every issue also features an extensive section devoted to book reviews plus frequent review essays.
Veterinary Pathology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Pathology.
It was founded in 1968, first titled as English Teaching Abstracts.
it was established in 1980 as Controlled Clinical Trials and obtained its current title in 2005.
The editor-in-chief as of 2011 is Biko Agozino.
The first article in English was printed in 1947.
The journal is published by John Wiley & Sons and the current editors-in-chief are David Greenaway and Chris Milner both of the University of Nottingham.
The journal covers a broad range of Asia-related topics.
Special issues of the journal have focussed on
It has been in publication since 1980 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the American Association of Diabetes Educators.
It began in 1940 at the History Department at the University of Notre Dame as the Quarterly Bulletin of the Teachers' History Club.
The journal was previously published under the title Sexual and Marital Therapy.
Conservation Science in Cultural Heritage is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal.
The review collaborates with European cultural institutions like Eunic Spain, Cultural Italian Institute of Madrid, and Goethe Institute of Madrid.
Its main focus is on background information, analyses, and solutions of environmental and sustainability problems.
The journal is published by Sage Publications.
Studies in Indian Politics is a Peer reviewed journal.
Public Budgeting & Finance is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Public Financial Publications.
It is the official journal of the Central Society for Clinical and Translational Research.
Australian Quarterly is Australia's longest running political science journal, established in 1929.
Scilicet is an academic journal that was established in 1968 by Jacques Lacan as the official French-language journal of the École Freudienne de Paris.
The online version contains an archive of several years of the journal's publications.
Chemistry of Materials is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, published since 1989 by the American Chemical Society.
The editors-in-chief are Beate Jahn, Peter Newell, and Patricia Owens.
It is one of UCL's 11 constituent faculties and is based in London, United Kingdom.
SNReview is a seasonal online literary magazine founded in 1999.
The editors-in-chief are Sarah Elton and Mike Plavcan.
It is mainly devoted to studies of language acquisition that are informed by, and relevant to, current research in generative linguistics.
Early Theatre is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in the study of medieval and early modern theatre and drama, particularly in England, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales.
Subtropics is an American literary journal based at the University of Florida in Gainesville.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 1.596.
It is published in English, with optional abstracts in Spanish.
It is owned by a non-profit association and published on its behalf by Wiley-Blackwell.
The journal covers all aspects of anaesthesia, perioperative medicine, intensive care medicine and pain management.
The articles cover all fundamental and practical aspects of thermal spray science, including processes, feedstock manufacture, and coating testing, characterization and applications.
In addition to regular issues, the journal publishes special issues and supplements, with the latter published under a different ISSN.
Collectanea Hibernica was a history journal published annually by the Franciscan Province of Ireland between 1958 and 2006.
Articles are provided by experts in a variety of fields in both medicine and the humanities and social sciences.
One issue each year is dedicated to the topics of computer security and privacy.
It was established in 1980 under its current name.
It is published by the Foundation for Open Access Statistics.
The Annals of Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal of oncology, published by Oxford University Press.
The Deutsche Medizinische Wochenschrift is a German medical journal established in 1875 by Paul Börner.
The Journal of Affective Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of affective disorders.
IEEE Transactions on Information Theory is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Information Theory Society.
Between 1915 and 1956 the Proceedings of the Chemical Society, London were published as a supplement to Journal of the Chemical Society, London.
In 2015 it was reported that the journal had been hijacked.
Many countries, such as Germany and India, have several significant political parties, and some nations have one-party systems, such as China and Cuba.
Policy Review was a conservative journal from 1977 to 2013.
The journal's creation had been initiated and overseen by Peter Ucko after he took over as director of the UCL Institute of Archaeology.
Group Dynamics: Theory, Research, and Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 49 of the American Psychological Association.
Established in 1982, the journal publishes articles on medical statistics.
It was established by the CIG Media Group in 1999.
The purpose of the journal is the rapid publication of completed or in-progress technical work, including articles dealing with both research and practice.
Circulated to all ABA members, it was absorbed in 1915 by the newly formed American Bar Association Journal.
The main content of the journal is edited by Martin Bull, Luis de Sousa, Jonathon Moses and Jacqui Briggs.
The journal was established in 1972 and is published by Elsevier in print and online on ScienceDirect.
The current editors-in-chief are Jerome Adda, Aureo de Paula, Nicola Gennaioli, Gita Gopinath, Christian Hellwig, Botond Koszegi, Uta Schoenberg, and Michele Tertilt.
The Journal of Pediatric Oncology Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering pediatric and oncology nursing.
It is the official journal of the National Association of Neonatal Nurses.
Advances in Chemical Physics, Volume 145: Advancing Theory for Kinetics and Dynamics of Complex, Many-Dimensional Systems: Clusters and Proteins
Applied Acoustics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal.
It covers fundamental biomedical research, clinical investigation and practice, as well as public health.
Le Praticien en Anesthésie Réanimation is a French peer-reviewed medical journal covering anaesthesiology.
The Briar Cliff Review is a literary journal based in Sioux City, Iowa, USA, home of Briar Cliff University.
Competition & Change is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of political economy.
The journal is published in print and online.
Like its sponsoring professional society, Ethnohistory has represented a meeting ground between scholars in the disciplines of history and anthropology.
The founding editors-in-chief were R. Barker Bausell and Carolyn F. Waltz, and the current one is Steve Sussman.
Original articles are in open access the rest of the content is freely available 6 months after print publication.
It was established in 1944 as Bruxelles medical and obtained its current title in 1980, with volume numbering re-starting at 1.
The International Journal of Psychoanalysis is an academic journal in the field of psychoanalysis.
It was established in 1958 by Liverpool University Press and is now published by Taylor and Francis.
It publishes primary research papers, reviews, and essays and opinion.
The RSPB has many local groups and maintains 200 nature reserves.
It aims for a cross-discipline approach, covering research in neuroscience, neuropsychology, cognitive psychology, neurobiology, linguistics, computer science, and philosophy.
The Journal of Biblical Literature is one of three theological journals published by the Society of Biblical Literature.
Article types published are research reports, reviews, discussions, and clinical fora.
Each issue is centered on one theme.
Attached to, and named after, the journal is the Derrida Today biennial international conference, organised by Nicole Anderson and Nick Mansfield.
Midwest Studies in Philosophy is an annual journal in the analytic tradition that covers one topic in each issue.
It was established in 1972 and is published five times a year by Cambridge University Press.
Świat Nieruchomości is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal.
Journal of the History of the Neurosciences is a British academic journal founded in 1992.
Open Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all aspects of physics.
It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
It was established in 1998 and the editor-in-chief is Richard J. Smith.
The current editor-in-chief is R. Paul Robertson.
Since 2012 the contents of volumes have also been included in British Academy Scholarship Online.
The journal website states that it publishes articles that "give practical advice to the college or university teacher.
The Annual Review of Cell and Developmental Biology is an annual peer-reviewed scientific journal covering developmental and cell biology.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Center for Business Ethics at Bentley University.
AIP Advances is an open access peer-reviewed scientific mega journal published by the American Institute of Physics.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.063.
The change from national-level to 'bloc'-level policy making
The first editors-in-chief were John L. Behler, Peter C. H. Pritchard, and Anders G. J. Rhodin.
Metalloporphyrins in general are highly stable organic compounds, and the detailed structures of the extracted derivatives made clear that they originated from chlorophyll.
French Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for French Studies.
Cell Stem Cell is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Cell Press, an imprint of Elsevier.
The journal has published the proceedings of the International Biocuration Conferences since 2009.
The Journal of Atmospheric and Solar-Terrestrial Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the atmospheric and earth sciences.
In 1997 the journal merged with Recueil des Travaux Chimiques des Pays-Bas to form Liebigs Annalen/Recueil.
Global Media and Communication is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of communication studies.
EPJ H is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editors-in-chief are Wolf Beiglböck and Francesco Guerra.
The first separate Reviews Editor was Monika Schrimpf and this role was taken up by Katja Triplett from 2003.
Endocrine is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering endocrinology.
The Journal changed to its present name in 1969.
It includes research articles, meeting reports, essays and viewpoints, book and website reviews, as well as highlighting events, resources and publications of interest to members.
It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editors-in-chief are Stanley Fahn and John C. M. Brust.
The Journal of Accounting and Public Policy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the interaction between accounting and public policy.
The managing editors have been Rudolf Fueter, J.J. Burckhardt, P. Gabriel, H. Kraft, and Eva Bayer-Fluckiger.
Its previous publishers were Pergamon Press and Ablex Publishing.
The Anuario Colombiano de Historia Social y de la Cultura is an academic journal founded in 1963 by Jaime Jaramillo Uribe.
The journal has been in publication for 110 years, and it is considered to be a "preeminent outlet for research in psychopathology".
The journal is published by the University of Pennsylvania Press on behalf of the Society for Historians of the Early American Republic.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.585.
Past contributors to the journal have been honored in the Best American Short Stories and the O. Henry Prize Stories.
During the 2014 meeting of the US African Studies Association Africa Bibliography received the Conover-Porter Award 2014.
The journal covers museum administration, research, exhibition development, visitor studies, conservation, museum education, collection management, and other subjects of current concern to museum professionals.
The Journal of Neuroinflammation is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal covering immunological responses of the nervous system.
The journal was established in 1903, and has been published by MUP since 2014.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 4.560.
The journal is published by ABC-CLIO and, since 2004, the managing editor is Steven L. Danver.
The journal was established in 1831 as the Journal of the Royal Geographical Society of London.
The IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Computer Society.
It is abstracted and indexed in Index Medicus, Current Contents/Clinical Medicine, Excerpta Medica, BIOSIS Previews, and the Science Citation Index.
Its editors-in-chief are Hae-Won Kim and Jonathan Knowles.
The content of this journal is available online for free, and the print issues are also available to qualified subscribers for free.
Its mission is to integrate the wide and flourishing fields of chemical biology and biological chemistry.
Studies in Second Language Acquisition is a peer-reviewed journal published quarterly by Cambridge University Press.
The International History Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of international relations and the history of international thought published by Routledge.
The magazine is published on a quarterly basis.
General Anthropology is an anthropology journal edited by Dave McCurdy and Patricia C. Rice.
Social Text is an academic journal published by Duke University Press.
The Journal of Solid State Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
It was established in 1991 as Torture: Quarterly Journal on Rehabilitation of Torture Victims and Prevention of Torture and obtained its current title in 2004.
The journal has been freely available online since 1997.
It has been in publication since 1964 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
New issues are usually released in the months of March, June, September, and December.
Disputatio is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of analytical philosophy, including philosophies of language, logic, and mind, epistemology, and metaphysics.
It is devoted to researching and understanding the interfaces between literary and medical knowledge.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 1.267.
The European Review for Medical and Pharmacological Sciences is a peer-reviewed medical journal.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 4.014.
It was established in 1987 and is the official journal of the Asia-Pacific Academic Consortium for Public Health.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus.
The editors-in-chief are Andrew Lever and Mark Wainberg; earlier, Kuan-Teh Jeang was editor-in-chief.
It was established in 1987 and is an official journal of the International AIDS Society.
Since 2011 it is associated with the World Economics Association.
The journal was established in 1993 as the Journal of Pharmaceutical Care in Pain & Symptom Control, obtaining its current title in 2001.
It has been in publication since 1957 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Australian Council for Educational Research.
It covers research methods in organizational and management studies, including both qualitative and quantitative approaches.
In addition to the regular issues of the journal, in 1996 a "Manual for Karst water analysis" by W.E.
From 2013, the journal is published online only, as an open access journal.
The Journal of Economic Theory, often referred to as JET, is an important scholarly journal in the field of economics.
This journal is published by the British Fertility Society.
It is published in English and French and is indexed in the International Bibliography of the Social Sciences.
The journal was initially published at the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology.
The Journal of Diabetes Science and Technology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of diabetes.
It is an official journal of the Association for Information Systems and is published electronically.
Besoiro is a French entomological scientific journal.
Currently, it is regarded the best journal specializing in number theory.
Its focus is on the History of Dublin and it is considered to be a "learned journal".
The Journal of Medical Microbiology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers microbiological research relevant to human and animal disease.
The journal accepts direct submissions as well as submissions referred to them by other Wiley-Blackwell journals.
It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of ISEG, University of Lisbon and the editor-in-chief is Luís F. Costa.
Acta Numerica is a mathematics journal publishing research on numerical analysis.
The journal publishes research in fields such as economics, game theory, management science, and artificial intelligence.
Antichthon is the peer-reviewed academic journal of the Australasian Society for Classical Studies.
Affilia: Journal of Women and Social Work is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers social work practice(s) and feminist analysis of gender inequality.
In 2012, the journal announced an annual Cahn Prize for best paper published in the journal, in honor of its founding editor.
Cellular Signalling is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on various aspects of cell signalling.
It was established in 1975 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
It was founded, funded and edited by Australian ornithologist Gregory M. Mathews, who was also the main contributor.
It has been in publication since 1974 and is currently published by Sage Publications in association with the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
The editor-in-chief is Jeffrey C. Isaac; the founding editor was Jennifer Hochschild.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2009 impact factor is 0.853.
Clothing and textiles have been important in human history and reflect the materials available to a civilization as well as the technologies that had been mastered.
The journal also publishes special and virtual issues focusing on a specific theme.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 3.218.
The Kenneth Clarke Journal Prize is awarded annually for the best paper published in the journal in the previous year.
It is published by Elsevier and is the official journal of the American Association of Orthodontists.
The journal publishes articles presenting progressive ideas for law and policy written by legal scholars, policymakers, practitioners, and students.
The current co-editors in chief are K. Ikeuchi, C. Schnörr, M. Hebert and C. Schmid.
Its 2016 impact factor was 29.886, making it the highest-cited research journal in preclinical medicine.
It is run by the Institute of Psychoanalysis.
The editorial board of the former Lingua continues publishing their journal.
Articles are archived online in text and PDF formats; access is by subscription only.
The existence of qi and meridians is not supported by any evidence, and when this practice was developed it was based more on philosophy than evidence.
It is part of the Physical Review family of journals.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.164, ranking it 3rd out of 25 journals in the category "Demography".
It is the flagship journal of the American political development subfield in political science.
Matrix Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of matrix biology.
Avian Diseases is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research on diseases of birds.
The editor-in-chief is Jürgen Kurths of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research.
The current Editor-in-Chief is Natalie Jensen, the Managing Editor is Vincent Nguyen, and the Executive Editor is Jenna Carroll.
The journal was delisted in the 2015 Journal Citation Reports because of "anomalous citation patterns".
Religious Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press.
It is published by the American Psychological Association.
Groups, Geometry, and Dynamics is a quarterly peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by the European Mathematical Society.
Babesch – Bulletin Antieke Beschaving is an annual scholarly journal published by Peeters.
Notable contributors include Peter Baumann, Arkadiusz Chrudzimski, Susan Haack, Dale Jacquette, Stephen Palmquist, Roberto Poli, Władysław Stróżewski, and Jan Woleński.
Its animal counterpart is In Vitro Cellular & Developmental Biology – Animal.
The journal does not perform peer review.
The current editor-in-chief is Thomas P. Slaughter of the University of Rochester.
The African Book Publishing Record is an academic journal covering new and forthcoming African publications, providing full bibliographic and acquisitions data.
Other papers, such as "Four Condorcet-Hare Hybrid Methods for Single-Winner Elections", dealt with hybrid voting methods that partially incorporate STV.
Ériu is an academic journal of Irish language studies.
The Journal of Biochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research on biochemistry, molecular biology, cell biology, and biotechnology.
The journal was renamed from Nature Clinical Practice Oncology in April 2009.
The journal is published biweekly by Elsevier and jointly edited by M. Adler, F. Grieser, J.B. Li and D. Prieve
Human Mutation is a peer-reviewed medical journal of human genetics published by Wiley-Liss on behalf of the Human Genome Variation Society.
Beginning with issue #51, the composition of the editorial board changed.
Contributors hold positions in a variety of academic disciplines: economics, geography, agricultural economics, rural sociology, urban and regional planning, and civil engineering.
Natural Product Reports is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
The journal is a member of the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors.
It was established in 1989 and is published by Sage Publications.
This journal covers Russian to English translations of physics, technical physics, astronomy, and mechanics articles from Doklady Akademii Nauk.
It was established in 1976 at Harvard University and is published by Gorgias Press.
It covers the intersection of biology, medical informatics, bioinformatics, and medicine.
In the past three years, page views have risen almost sixfold with the average issue receiving more than 20,000 page views.
In 1987, Library Journal ranked Crazyhorse among the top twenty magazines that publish poetry in the United States.
The Journal of Religion and Health is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
The magazine is the recipient of the 2015 APEX Award for Publication Excellence.
The journal encompasses all aspects of research on prevention, diagnosis, treatment, outcomes and cost-analyses of conservative and surgical management of all spinal deformities, disorders and conditions.
The Asian Journal of Pentecostal Studies is an English-language peer-reviewed academic journal sponsored by the Asia Pacific Theological Seminary and the Asian Pentecostal Society.
It has been in publication since 1975 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The Journal of Wildlife Diseases is a peer-reviewed quarterly journal published by the Wildlife Disease Association.
Trials is an open access peer-reviewed medical journal covering performance and outcomes of randomized controlled trials.
The journal was established in 2007 and "publishes original research articles as well as review articles in all fields of high energy physics.
The magazine was established in 2003 and is published on a biannual basis.
Subject areas covered are the social and environmental sciences, humanities and the arts, alongside some items from medical, biological, and natural sciences.
Critical Studies in Media Communication is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering media and mass communication from a cultural studies and critical perspective.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Ohio State University Department of Economics.
The journal also publishes in-depth interviews with retired justices of the Supreme Court of Israel.
The journal replaced Vital, which was published between 2003 and 2013.
The Yale Review of Law and Social Action was a student-edited quarterly that was published by Yale University from 1970 to 1973.
Pathobiology in Focus is a special publication established in 2006, published in parallel with Laboratory Investigation.
The Journal of Pakistan Medical Association is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Pakistan Medical Association.
The journal was established in 1976 as Computer & Chemistry.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.711.
It publishes up to three regular issues per year as well as occasional monographs.
It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Society of Regulatory Toxicology & Pharmacology.
It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Almagest addresses the philosophical assumptions behind scientific ideas and developments and the reciprocal influence between historical context and these phenomena.
It was previously co-published with Wiley-Blackwell between 2009 and 2015.
It was established in 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Association for Music Education.
Issued quarterly, the journal publishes research monographs on history topics from high school students from any country, as long as they are in English.
The journal publishes the following types of papers: Scientific articles, Reviews, Case reports, Clinical techniques, Short communications, and Abstracts of Current Paediatric Dental Research.
The journal was formerly published twice a year.
The current editor in chief is Karin Aijmer.
It was accredited in 2005 by the South African Department of Education.
It was established in 1982, and contains original articles, reviews, and edited discussions of non-academic topics of general interest.
According to the 2010 Journal Citation Reports, Decision Sciences is ranked 40th out of 140 journals in the category "Management".
It is a companion to the Journal of Materials Science focusing specifically on materials in medicine and dentistry.
Advances in Theoretical and Mathematical Physics is a peer-reviewed, mathematics journal, published by International Press.
Joan Tumblety,‘Rethinking the fascist aesthetic: mass gymnastics, political spectacle and the stadium in 1930s France’.
It was established in 1993 as Master of Business Administration and obtained its current title in 2011.
It is published by the Royal Society and the editor-in-chief is Ben Marsden supported by an eminent editorial board.
The Journal of Comparative Economics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier on behalf of the Association for Comparative Economic Studies.
Studia Leibnitiana is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1969.
It was established in 1967 by Per-Olov Löwdin.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.352.
The Journal of Entrepreneurial Finance is a biannual peer-reviewed open-access academic journal published by the Pepperdine University.
Toxicology and Applied Pharmacology is a scientific journal for original research pertaining to action of chemicals, drugs, or natural products to animals or humans.
Its focus lies on interdisciplinary approaches to philosophy, especially Filipino philosophy, oriental thought and East-West comparative philosophy, continental philosophy, and Anglo-American philosophy.
It covers international developments and future directions in the fields of library and information science.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.355, ranking it 14th out of 29 journals in the category "Anesthesiology".
BMC Evolutionary Biology is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all fields of evolutionary biology, including phylogenetics and palaeontology.
The different editions from 1950 to 1990 are distinguished in bibliographies by the addition of the letter H for Halle or T for Tübingen.
The editors-in-chief are Thomas N. Tully Jr. and Mark A. Mitchell.
The Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed academic journal for scientific research on cognitive neuroscience and the interaction between brain and behavior.
Tropical Grasslands was a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Tropical Grassland Society of Australia which was formed in 1963.
The final editors were Ashbacher and Lamarr Widmer.
The online version added illustrations, related web links, and bibliographic listings to the original entries.
is a peer reviewed Italian academic journal, Published by Loescher editore of Turin.
The journal's editors-in-chief are Claire Laybats and Luke Tredinnick.
Criminology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Society of Criminology.
The journal's editor-in-chief is Edward J. Hackett.
The journal used to publish a conference proceedings supplement, which has been incorporated into the Proceedings of Science.
By 1977, Peabody was the only remaining original editor.
This journal is also supported by the International Association for Landscape Ecology.
Educational Evaluation and Policy Analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of educational policy analysis.
Economic Inquiry is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Western Economic Association International.
It is published by Washington & Lee University School of Law.
The Journal of Geographical Systems is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
The Journal of Clinical Investigation is a peer-reviewed biomedical research journal published by the American Society for Clinical Investigation.
Existenz is an on-line biannual academic journal covering research in philosophy, religion, politics, and the arts.
According to Cédric Villani, this journal is "considered by many to be the most prestigious of all mathematical research journals".
Contributing authors include historians of established academic reputation as well as younger scholars making a debut in the historical profession.
Roanoke Review is an American literary journal based at Roanoke College in Salem, Virginia.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.240.
A summary of international periodical literature published in the previous twelve months is also provided.
The Cambridge Journal of Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics.
Established in 1903, it is the longest running art journal in the English language.
This article is about the journal published by Elsevier.
The journal was established in 1984 and is published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Occasionally, there are special issues dealing with specific topics and relevant books are often reviewed.
Phi Delta Kappa Fraternity, International is a US professional organization for educators.
It is sponsored by the South African Medical Association and published by the association's publishing arm, the Health & Medical Publishing Group.
The Journal of Neuroimaging is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering al aspects of neuroimaging.
In a formal statement, the CEO of Elsevier's Health Sciences Division, Michael Hansen, admitted that the practice was "unacceptable", and expressed regret for the publications.
It was established in 1980 with the title Religion in Southern Africa, and adopted its current name in 1987.
Articles are published in English or French.
The Chief Editor is Andrea Taroni, who is a full-time professional editor employed by this journal.
Its articles cover system synthesis in software, hardware, and wetware.
It was previously known as the Bulletin de la Société d'Histoire de la Pharmacie.
Each annual volume is dedicated to a specific theme addressing philosophical problems.
The front cover of the journal traditionally depicts a work of art by a person with a mental disorder.
Hillary Rodham served on its Board of Editors and was an associate editor while attending Yale Law School.
The May issue of the American Economic Review each year is known as "Papers and Proceedings".
The journal is published by Routledge on behalf of the World Communication Association and the editor-in-chief is Stephen Croucher.
The journal covers the history of Scandinavia and the Baltic states up till the present time.
It obtained its current title when publication moved to the American Psychological Association in 2011.
Mānoa, meaning 'vast and deep' in the Hawaiian language, presents both traditional and contemporary writings from the entire Pacific Rim.
Diabetologia is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering diabetology and is the official journal of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes.
The journal's main editor is Colin Begg.
Its current editors-in-chief are Dan Rickman and Barney Warf.
Synapse is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of neuroscience published in New York City by Wiley-Liss to address basic science topics on synaptic function and structure.
2, 1998, when the journal was merged with several other European journals in the European Physical Journal.
The magazine was nominated for an Utne Independent Press Award for international coverage in 2010.
Learning & Behavior is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Psychonomic Society.
It publishes original scientific papers, reviews, and short communications on fundamental and applied aspects of chemometrics.
Women & Therapy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering behavioral science, feminist psychology, mental health, psychological science, and psychotherapy.
GAIA: Ecological Perspectives for Science and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1992.
Bradley W. Hart, 'Science, politics, and prejudice: The dynamics and significance of British anthropology’s failure to confront Nazi racial ideology'.
The editors-in-chief are Duncan Lawson, Chris Sangwin (Loughborough University, and Anne Watson University of Oxford.
Population and Environment is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the bi-directional links between population, natural resources, and the natural environment.
Norma: International Journal for Masculinity Studies is a quarterly academic journal in the field of masculinity studies, published by Routledge.
The Israel Law Review is the oldest Israeli law journal published in English.
The journal is of central importance to all scholars involved in the research and teaching of media and cultural studies.
International Journal of Bifurcation and Chaos is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by World Scientific.
Publishing formats include letters, regular papers, discussions, and reviews.
Nano Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
It is currently edited by Diana S. Waite with the assistance of various guest editors.
It was the official journal of the Asia Pacific Institute of Building, and was published quarterly by World Scientific.
Ostomy Wound Management is a monthly, peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of wound care, ostomy, incontinence, and skin-related care, as well as nutritional issues.
It was established in 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
It is the official journal of the European Association of Nuclear Medicine.
As another example, there are more than a hundred items about West Nile virus infections, since the 1999 outbreak of the disease in the US.
The journal was established in 2009 and is published by Sage Publications.
This is to ensure that information on best practices and culturally relevant research findings reaches the broadest possible international audience and stakeholders.
The editors-in-chief are Myron Spector and I.-S. Lee.
Its 2009 MCQ was 0.13, and its 2016 impact factor was 0.376.
The editor-in-chief is David N. Figlio(Northwestern University).
It was established in 1991 and covers chaos theory and nonlinear science in a diverse range of fields in applied science and engineering.
It is an important academic journal for articles relating to the history of femininity, masculinity, and gender relations.
In it, the guideline of the journal was set--that of a more liberal and modern view toward religion.
All Foresight back issues and articles are indexed via the IDEAS Database.
Scientific videos are available for selected articles of the journal.
The journal's editor is Alan M. Mellow, MD, PhD.
Human Rights Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1999.
Algebra Colloquium is a journal founded in 1994.
The Journal of Libertarian Studies was a scholarly journal published by the Ludwig von Mises Institute and Lew Rockwell.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the Electronic Journal of Probability has a 2012 impact factor of 0.785.
It is named for the great auk, the symbol of the AOU.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.084.
International Emergency Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering emergency healthcare.
The Journal of Clinical Microbiology is a monthly medical journal published by the American Society for Microbiology.
Immunogenetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering immunogenetics, the branch of medical research that explores the relationship between the immune system and genetics.
♦ Leading/current opinion articles - providing an overview of contentious or emerging issues.
It was established in 1973 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Society for Education, Music and Psychology Research.
Typical articles included matters of horticultural interest, field reports, literature reviews, and scientific studies.
The main emphasis is on recent scientific developments in all areas related to gastrointestinal cancers.
Praksis is a Marxist interdisciplinary academic journal related to social sciences that has been published in Turkey since 2001.
It was established in 2005 and published by the University of Pennsylvania Press.
The CFR is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to federal regulation.
The Journal of Earth System Science is a bimonthly peer-viewed scientific journal that covers research on Earth system science.
The Monographs of the Society for Research in Child Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell.
It was established in 1965 and is currently published by Elsevier.
These journals publish over 2000 articles per year, making it one of the largest international publications in condensed matter physics.
This journal focuses on social sciences, specific to library and information sciences.
It was established in August 1987 in Egypt, taking its name from the ancient Egyptian for a scorpion.
The Probation Journal: The Journal of Community and Criminal Justice is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering criminal justice and probation that was established in 1929.
It was established in 1995 and articles are in Arabic, English, or French.
It is published by Sage Publications and was established in 1989.
It is part of the Expert Review series, published by Informa.
The EMBO Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on full-length papers describing original research of general interest in molecular biology and related areas.
Systematic Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of systematics.
Since 2010, it publishes 1400 pages per year.
It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Janet Gouldner.
Physical Review E: Statistical, Nonlinear, Biological, and Soft Matter Physics is a peer-reviewed, scientific journal, published monthly by the American Physical Society.
The journal is published by the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
Studies in Iconography is an annual peer-reviewed journal co-published by the Medieval Institute Publications of Western Michigan University and Princeton University's Index of Christian Art.
Gastrointestinal Nursing is a monthly peer-reviewed nursing journal covering research and clinical work on the practice of gastrointestinal nursing.
American Family Physician is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Academy of Family Physicians.
Dermatologic Surgery is a monthly peer-reviewed journal that deals with the subject matter of dermatology.
Higher Education Review is indexed by the Education Resources Information Center.
Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry and Neurology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Geriatrics and Psychiatry.
The keynotes were Catherine Malabou, Andrew Benjamin, Martin McQuillan.
The Australian Journal of Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of education.
It was established in 1967 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the American Society for Composites.
The journal originally appeared as a print and electronic journal through volume 8(1) in 2009, and subsequently as an electronic journal only.
Dr Ernie HAERINCK and Dr. Bruno OVERLAET , Belgium.
The award is given biannually to the best article appearing in the journal in the preceding two years.
The journal is an annual, though at times two volumes are published in the same year.
Revista de Biologia is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in biology, especially mediterranean and tropical ecology.
It was established as Developmental Genetics in 1979 and obtained its current title in 2000.
It was established in 2009 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
It is published by John Wiley & Sons, both in print and online.
Volumes 1–55 are available on JSTOR; recent volumes are available on Project MUSE.
The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell and the editors-in-chief are Jadran Mimica and Nancy Williams.
Mental Health Practice is a monthly nursing journal covering the practice of mental health nursing published by RCNi.
The current editor-in-chief is Nancy M. Petry.
In 2012, she integrated the four regional boards into one large Editorial Board currently composed of over 100 members.
The new series was published irregularly and instead of collated volumes was simply sequentially numbered, with 90 issues through December 2003.
The journal is indexed with CAB Abstracts, Chemical Abstracts, EBSCO, Google Scholar, Index Copernicus, OpenJGate, ProQuest, and Ulrich's Periodicals Directory.
Each issue also includes reviews of recent books, monographs, and atlases in geography and related fields.
Areas covered by the journal include bacteriology, virology, microbial genetics, epidemiology, and diagnostic microbiology.
The journal has several areas to which manuscripts may be submitted.
In addition to the regular volumes, the journal also has a subsidiary series, Buchreihe der Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie.
The editors-in-chief are Sherrie Tucker and Randal Maurice Jelks.
Topics of interest include structuring techniques, types of securitization, investment approaches, and sector research.
The journal published its last issue in April 2001 and is no longer receiving papers.
Blood Cells, Molecules and Diseases is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering hematology.
The seventh issue is traditionally the symposium issue, which is dedicated to articles on a particular topic.
Articles cover public and private international law and each issue includes a section on recent developments relevant to the continent.
However, many other topics, especially as related to recurrences, are also well represented.
In its previous incarnation, it was edited by noted creationist Giuseppe Sermonti, but now the journal broadly covers theoretical biology.
It was established in 1976 and is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The scope of the journal includes stem cell biology, transplantation immunology, translational research, and clinical results of specific transplant protocols.
Each edition focuses on a contemporary theme, enabling pertinent issues to be aired and discussed in a public forum.
Behavioural Brain Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
It was founded with the help of Lionel Cliffe and is published quarterly by Taylor & Francis since 1974.
As of 2014 it is published by the International Association for Music and Medicine.
It is modeled on the journal Current Anthropology.
The editors-in-chief are José J. Escarce and Jacqueline S. Zinn.
It also publishes reviews of new books in the field.
The primary purpose is to publish advances in pathology, in particular those applicable to clinical practice and contributing to the better understanding of human disease.
Urban Education is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of urban education.
The Sociological Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge for the Midwest Sociological Society.
YER also synopsizes current economic research, reviews books, and offers other articles on pressing academic matters.
It has been published weekly since 1997 by the American Chemical Society.
The journal publishes an annual supplement in book form called Surveys in Differential Geometry.
It is available online through Project MUSE and JSTOR.
The editor in chief is Karen Pulford.
Some of the subjects covered are nuclear chemistry, radiation chemistry, nuclear power plant chemistry, radioanalytical chemistry, and environmental radiochemistry.
It was established in 1994 and is published by Sage Publications.
When the journal was established, it was conceived as providing an alternative to mainstream perspectives on contemporary Asian issues.
It is abstracted and indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index.
Reproductive Toxicology is a peer-reviewed journal published bimonthly by Elsevier which focuses on the effects of toxic substances on the reproductive system.
In this place it is proposed to indicate new forms, notes on nomenclature and any other interesting matter relating to the Australian avifauna.
The eight volumes in this series explore the philosophical implications of social problems whose solutions require rational planning and decision making.
The journal was established in 1991 by founding editor J. Michael Steele and is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.
It examines children's literature from a scholarly perspective covering the publishing industry, regional authors, comparative studies, illustration, popular culture, and other topics.
Chun-Hoon and Nakanishi were both seniors and members of Yale's Class of 1971.
American Communist History is a tri-annual peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on the historical impact of Communism in the United States.
The journal is co-edited by 10 people.
It is the official journal of the North American Spine Society.
It was published from 1977 until 2005.
The ACSS was established in 1993 with overall goal of promoting crop production and food security in the continent of Africa.
It was established in 1980 and is published by Elsevier.
Volumes 1-6 were edited by Cyril Domb and Melville S. Green, and after Green's death, volumes 7-20 were edited by Domb and Joel Lebowitz.
It covers topics in the popular perception of science, the role of science in society, philosophy of science, science education, and science in public policy.
Zoology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering zoology that was established in 1886.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 1.340.
It was established in 1975 and is published by Elsevier.
The journal also organizes an annual endowed lecture series that brings notable historians to the university.
Signs: Journal of Women in Culture and Society is a peer-reviewed feminist academic journal.
Its scope is both historical and technical, covering conservation science for cultural heritage.
The Philippine Law Journal is an academic student-run law review affiliated with the UP College of Law at the University of the Philippines Diliman.
Aesthetic Plastic Surgery is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of aesthetic plastic surgery.
When requested it additionally looks at specific medications to generate reports for PharmaCare.
Currently, she is the editor-in-chief of CURED Magazine, from Zero Point Zero Productions, which was launched in October 2016.
Gifted Child Today is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on teaching and parenting gifted and talented children.
The Journal of Research in International Education is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of education.
It was read by famous writers such as Charles Dickens, Anthony Trollope, and George Sand.
It was founded in 1925 by James Southall Wilson, at the request of University of Virginia president E. A. Alderman.
It describes itself as "an interface between academics, those in research and development, and workers in the field.
It is an official journal of the section on Information Technology & Politics of the American Political Science Association.
It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the editors-in-chief are K. Sue Hoyt) and Jean A. Proehl.
It has been in publication since 2010 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with World Society for Pediatric and Congenital Heart Surgery.
The Journal of Occupational Health Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by the American Psychological Association.
The European Reference Index for the Humanities categorizes it in the "INT2" sub-category.
Compositio Mathematica is a bimonthly peer-reviewed mathematics journal established by L.E.J.
The journal is funded entirely by the sale of Bryn Mawr Commentaries.
Its editorial board is composed of world leading spine experts located throughout the globe.
The journal is also dedicated to introducing non-English speaking voices to its audience through its translation chapbook series.
Young Exceptional Children is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of special education.
The Modern Schoolman is published by the philosophy department at Saint Louis University, in cooperation with the Philosophy Documentation Center.
It was founded in 1973 by Daniel Elazar.
Sirena had published in over twenty languages.
It was established in 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The editors-in-chief are Sydney Lévy and Michel Pierssens.
The Journal of Cell Biology is an international, peer-reviewed journal owned by The Rockefeller University and published by The Rockefeller University Press.
The journal chronicles the growth of Maluku in humanities and the sciences as it expands geographically.
Romanticism is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal dedicated to Romantic studies, focusing on the period 1750-1850.
All these contributions were published in ACSS Conference Proceedings Volume 8 with four parts and 2200 pages as well as CDs.
The journal was established in 1971 as the Journal of Narrative Technique and obtained its current title in 1999.
The journal covers the interdisciplinary study and analysis of constitutional law.
It was brought back in 2008 in a joint venture between the Writing Seminars and the Johns Hopkins University Press.
The editors-in-chief are Tim Bergfelder, Alison Butler, Dimitris Eleftheriotis, Karen Lury, Alastair Phillips, Jackie Stacey, and Sarah Street.
Education Finance and Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal addressing public policy developments affecting educational institutions.
Dr. Carey continues as Editor in Chief of Part C.
Historische Zeitschrift, founded in 1859 by Heinrich von Sybel is considered to be the first and for a time the foremost historical journal.
JCS is currently indexed in: Chemical Abstracts Service, SCOPUS, EBSCOhost, PubMed, and Web of Science.
Dreaming is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the International Association for the Study of Dreams.
Neurotoxicology and Teratology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the toxicological effects of chemical and physical agents on the nervous system.
The journal's first editor-in-chief was Jonathan Dunsby.
It was the first journal of the Public Library of Science.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal's 2011 impact factor is 6.169, ranking it first in the categories "Management" and "Business".
It was established in 1957 as Nuclear Instruments.
It is among the world's most influential international law journals, and its pieces have been cited by the Supreme Court of the United States, multiple U.S.
A DVD archive is available for purchase from AsMA.
It has 56 member States, and reports to the United Nations Economic and Social Council.
The journal publishes articles in both English and French.
It has been in publication since 1973 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Authors publishing in the Yearbook include development economists such as Irma Adelman, Hans H. Bass, Hartmut Elsenhans, Gerald Helleiner, Robert Kappel, Magda Kandil, Hans W. Singer.
The journal is a continuation of the Soviet-Russian publication Artificial Earth Satellites, in existence between 1960–1964.
Clinical Science is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all areas of clinical investigation, with a focus on translational science and medicine.
The journal's editors-in-chief are Charles Edgley and Jeffrey E. Nash.
Garden & Gun is based in Charleston, South Carolina and covers “an adventure-bound, art-loving, skeet-shooting lifestyle”, as well as gardens, “Southern tradition” and land conservation.
Molecular Autism is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal covering research on the cause, biology, and treatment of autism and related neurodevelopmental disorders.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal had a 2013 impact factor of 1.053.
CSA Environmental Sciences & Pollution Management Database
The journal is published twice a year by SAGE Publications in collaboration with the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
Systems Research and Behavioral Science is a scientific journal for theory and research in the fields of systems sciences.
The Journal of Adolescent & Adult Literacy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published six times per year by Wiley-Blackwell.
It is published by Springer on behalf of the Kiel Institute for the World Economy.
The first volume was published in 1979.
YJBM publishes contributions from all areas of biology, medicine, and public health, including experimental and clinical research, case reports, review articles, perspectives pieces, and original research.
Acta Materialia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published twenty times per year by Elsevier on behalf of Acta Materialia Inc.
Nucleosides, Nucleotides & Nucleic Acids is a monthly academic journal published by Taylor & Francis since 2000, continuing the earlier Nucleosides and Nucleotides in series.
The current editor-in-chief is Janet Franklin, who took over the role from David M. Richardson in December 2015.
It covers topics including literary, historical, and cultural studies.
It was established in 1932 under founding editor-in-chief John Carl Parish.
Urbani izziv is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Urban Planning Institute of the Republic of Slovenia.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 0.621.
Journal Of Librarianship And Information Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Information Science and Library Science.
The Revista Brasileira de Engenharia, Caderno de Engenharia Química was a Brazilian scientific journal in engineering chemistry.
The journal covers research on dreaming, as well as on dreaming from the viewpoint of any of the arts and humanities.
Acta Politica is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering political science published by Palgrave Macmillan on behalf of the Dutch Political Science Association.
Election Law Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed law journal published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. covering legal issues related to elections and voting rights.
The journal was established in 1978 and the editor-in-chief is David Dinges.
It is published monthly by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
It is published by the Nature Publishing Group.
The Journal of Religion in Africa is a quarterly academic journal established in 1967 by Andrew Walls.
It was established in 2010 and is published by the University of Florence.
It was based in Boston, but covered the movement across the US.
The AIAA Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
It was established in 1992 and the editors-in-chief are Richard G. H. Cotton and Garry R. Cutting.
The ACSS Conference series is held every odd year in one of the African countries.
Its first electronic edition appeared in 2000 on Project MUSE.
The Pittsburgh Journal of Technology Law & Policy is a biannual law review covering legal topics involving intellectual property and technology.
Brian Jack Copeland is Professor of Philosophy at the University of Canterbury, Christchurch, New Zealand, and author of books on the computing pioneer Alan Turing.
The last issue appeared in September 2014.
John B. Taylor, Professor of Economics at Stanford University, was appointed managing editor in September 2005.
The Bulletin of the Australian Carnivorous Plant Society was a quarterly periodical and the official publication of the Australian Carnivorous Plant Society.
It covers research on nanoscience and nanotechnology applied to the life sciences and medicine.
Published papers cover a broad range of topical issues.
Econometric Reviews is a scholarly econometrics journal.
The Indian Journal of Medical Research is a peer-reviewed online open-access medical journal, available as a print-on-demand compilation.
The Mechanics' Institute Review is an annual literary anthology published by Birkbeck, University of London, as part of its MA Creative Writing course.
Mycoscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of basic and applied research on fungi, including lichens, yeasts, oomycetes, and slime moulds.
It is considered one of the leading journals in economics in the world.
It is now published in the fall of each year by the College of William & Mary in Virginia.
The current editor of the journal is Laura Olson.
As of 2015, the editors-in-chief are Claire Fanger and Richard Kieckhefer.
The journal operates as a moderated email distribution list and is one of the oldest electronic journals in existence.
The editors-in-chief are Jochen Heinloth, E.M. Opdam, Lenny Taelman, and Burt Totaro.
As with molecular biology, molecular neuroscience is a relatively new field that is considerably dynamic.
Australian Systematic Botany is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing.
It was established in 1930 as the School Physicians' Bulletin, obtaining its current name in 1937.
Beginning in 1975, three independently edited and distributed sections were split off with an additional section being added in 1995.
It covers all aspects of earthquake engineering.
Launched in January 1976, this peer-reviewed journal is published quarterly by SAGE.
Journal of the European Mathematical Society is a peer-reviewed, mathematics journal published monthly by the European Mathematical Society.
It covers research in the field of women's health.
From 1972 to 1991, it was known as the Faraday Discussions of the Chemical Society.
It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Henner Hollert.
Each issue of the journal comprises the proceedings of a conference held in at the Brookings Institution in Washington D.C. each spring and fall.
The Journal of Women's History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1989 covering women's history.
The journal defined its scope as "scholarly evangelical analysis of contemporary social and political issues".
PLOS Genetics is an open access peer-reviewed academic journal published monthly by PLOS.
The Tulane Journal of Law & Sexuality is a student-edited law review published by Tulane University Law School.
The Socialist Studies Bulletin was published by the Society for Socialist Studies and contained membership news and updates as well as academic articles and commentaries.
Submissions are now welcome for Volume 17.
Cataloging & Classification Quarterly is notable for being the only academic journal devoted to library cataloging.
It is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the History of Education Society.
Every issue of Journal of Neurochemistry is available online from volume 1, issue 1.
The Journal of Materials Science: Materials in Medicine is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
Biomedical Chromatography is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal, published since 1986 by John Wiley & Sons.
The Anales de Química was a peer-review scientific journal in the field of chemistry.
The Journal of Hand Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the fields of orthopedics and surgery as related to the human hand.
It is the official journal of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene and is published by Oxford University Press.
The Annals of Human Genetics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering human genetics.
It began in 1840 and lasted until 1845.
The Journal of Religious History is an international peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Religious History Association.
The journal was established in 1995 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the North West Counties Physical Education Association.
It is published by Portland Press and was established in 1906.
It was established in 1986 with Robert Edwards as founding editor-in-chief.
The journal is included in the list of the Higher Attestation Commission and is reported by the VINITI Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Tourism and Hospitality Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Management.
It covers research in biomedical and clinical engineering.
It is abstracted and indexed in LATINDEX, Biological Abstracts, and BIOSIS Previews.
Paleontological Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed Russian journal of paleontology established in 1967.
Peter Klepec, “Ad...”, Poskusiti znova — spodleteti bolje, ed.
Blood is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Society of Hematology.
The current editors-in-chief are Y. Kawakami, F.M.
The magazine concentrates largely on matters relating to archaeology and Bible history, but also touches on general apologetics and Christian devotion.
"Triumph and Tragedy on the Yellow Brick Road: Censorship of The Wizard of Oz in America," by Hana S. Field, Spring 2000.
Journalism & Communication Monographs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of journalism and mass communication.
Willard Spiegelman, the editor of Southwest Review since 1984, received the PEN/Nora Magid Award for Magazine Editing in 2005.
Issues which are identified as being particularly relevant include:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2013 impact factor is 4.824.
Studia Linguistica: A Journal of General Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal of general linguistics established in 1947 and currently published by Wiley-Blackwell.
It was established in 1939 as the Indian Journal of Pharmacy, with M.L.
The review is ranked 56th among general US student-edited journals for citations by courts.
It was continued from 1924 as Bijdragen tot de Geschiedenis.
The journal has featured work by alumni such as Steven Wright and Henry Winkler.
African Identities is an academic journal that focuses primarily on subjects pertaining to African studies.
Kritike: An Online Journal of Philosophy is a biannual journal of philosophy published by the Department of Philosophy, University of Santo Tomas.
Organometallics is a biweekly journal published by the American Chemical Society.
The main scope of the journal is research focused on the psychological treatments of psychosis and the psycho-social causes of psychosis.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 3.538.
International Journal of Cultural Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering interdisciplinary research on the meaning, function and impact of cultural policies.
In January 2009 Bioinformatics again became an official journal of the ISCB, alongside PLOS Computational Biology.
Its founding editors were Henry Margenau and Wolfgang Yourgrau.
Current Atherosclerosis Reports is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles pertaining to atherosclerosis.
It is the official journal of the International Society for the Study of Xenobiotics.
It has an emphasis on papers of practical relevance to the field of Operational Research.
The editors-in-chief are Olav Hammer, and Greg Alles.
The founding editor-in-chief was James E. Tomberlin, who edited the series from 1987 to 2002.
Review of Palaeobotany and Palynology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of palaeobotany and palynology established in 1967.
The Journal of Bone & Joint Surgery is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of orthopedic surgery.
In 1978, French zoologist Michel Luc established the Revue de Nématologie that fused with Nematologica in 1999 to become Nematology.
It is also supported by the Nordic Publication Committee for Periodicals in the Humanities.
It was established in 1995 and is published by Sage Publications.
It covers the field of occupational and environmental health nursing.
It is available free on the internet for institutions in the developing world through the OARE scheme.
Around 2000 the journal transferred to Taylor and Francis, who issued two volumes, but the journal closed in 2002.
The editors-in-chief are Alfred Cuschieri and Mark Talamini.
This journal is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics.
C. S. Holling was the founding editor.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.500.
Irish Birds is the annual journal of BirdWatch Ireland.
The Texas Law Review is a student-edited and produced law review published by the University of Texas School of Law.
It was established in 1971 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
It is published by the International Biometric Society.
Blumea - Journal of Plant Taxonomy and Plant Geography is a peer-reviewed journal of botany published by the National Herbarium of the Netherlands.
It is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Margaret Rees.
It is a quarterly publication edited by eminent pharmacognosist Dr. Ian Edwin Cock, Griffith University, Australia.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 14.63.
It is a multidisciplinary forum for communicating new information, new interpretations, and recent research results concerning Japan to the English-reading world.
The Journal of Military History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the military history of all times and places.
Leukemia Research is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on hematologic malignancies.
Analysis and Applications is a journal covering mathematical analysis and its application to the physical and biological sciences and engineering.
pathological or atypical features of behavior of normal individuals
Advances in Experimental Medicine and Biology is a peer-reviewed book series.
It was established in 1998 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Focus on Autism and Other Developmental Disabilities is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of special education.
The Journal of Memory and Language is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary academic journal of cognitive science, which focuses primarily on the issues of memory and language comprehension.
It is hosted by African Journals OnLine.
Feminist Media Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering media and communication studies from a feminist perspective.
Textual Practice is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering radical literary studies.
Genes to Cells is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original research on the molecular mechanisms of biological events.
It also accepts other submissions by scholars in the fields of Greek archaeology, art, epigraphy, history, and literature.
It was established in 1976 as the Annales de Physique and obtained its current title in July 2010.
The Historian publishes original articles and book reviews in all areas of historical scholarship.
A different journal with a nearly identical title, Paediatrics and Child Health, is published in the United Kingdom.
The Southern Medical Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal, established by Milton Antony.
The Econometrics Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers all areas of econometrics research, ranging from computational and theoretical to methodological topics.
Papers appear online in advance of the print issue and are available in both PDF and HTML formats.
The journal has been published quarterly by Informa since 1983.
It was published by Bellona Publishing House, and most recently by the Military Editorship, an agency of the Ministry of National Defense.
This applies to both the living and nonliving, such as medical research on cadavers.
The Banach Journal of Mathematical Analysis is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Tusi Mathematical Research Group.
The original concept was developed by Michael Pye together with his assistant Richard Böhme, who was the first Web Editor.
The European Journal of Physiotherapy is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering physiotherapy.
The yearbook accepts contributions in both German and English.
Cytogenetic and Genome Research is the name of a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1962.
Contemporary Sociology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal of sociology published by SAGE Publications in association with the American Sociological Association since 1972.
The American Journal of Mathematics is a bimonthly mathematics journal published by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
The journal promotes a scholarly approach to the study of children’s literature by printing theoretical articles and essays, as well as book reviews.
The journal was ranked in 2016 as 12/39 and 25/143.
It is published by the Société d'éditions scientifiques, a subsidiary of Financière Tallandier.
The Fordham Urban Law Journal is a student-run law review published at Fordham University School of Law.
It covers all aspects of pediatric psychology.
In addition, botanical names, literature, geographical distribution inside and outside of China, and endemism status are available in the online Flora of China Checklist.
All issues are available in electronic format.
The journal publishes only original research articles.
The journal contains a mixture of academic articles and reviews, from contributors both within and outside New Zealand.
It publishes original research and review content in a wide range of physical scientific disciplines.
It is a continuation of the PRN Forum, a bimonthly journal published from 1982 to 1985.
In 1900, it became a purely mathematical journal.
Currently, seven issues are published each year with the last issue traditionally featuring papers from symposia held by the review each year.
It is published by Oxford University Press and, as of 2014, the editors-in-chief are Alfonso Valencia and Janet Kelso.
It publishes pieces on how the discipline is, can be and ought to be.
Articles frequently combine sociohistorical analysis between Latin America, Africa, Asia, Russia, Western Europe and the United States.
The CIAR "seeks to provide a nonpartisan society and forum dedicated to the study of international relations in an increasingly globalized world."
Government and Opposition is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on politics.
It publishes original papers, review papers, short communications and letters on nuclear chemistry.
Its current editors are Malcolm R. Godden and Simon Keynes.
One issue per year is normally devoted to a particular theme and each issue will contain articles, discussion pieces, review essays, and book reviews.
The student must draft a casenote and submit it to the board for review.
It was published for 53 years as a general-interest light entertainment magazine, heavy on illustrations, jokes and social commentary.
Beiblatt zu den Indogermanischen Forschungen, a review journal edited by Streitberg.
Applied Economics Letters is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering applied economics.
The journal publishes original research articles, letters, and invited reviews in the area of science and technology of oils, fats, oilseed proteins, and related materials.
Emotion is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, which, as its title states, publishes articles relating to the study of emotion.
The impact factor of this journal is 1.079.
The Cornell International Law Journal is one of the oldest international law journals in the United States.
Geometric and Functional Analysis is a mathematical journal published by Birkhäuser, an independent division of Springer-Verlag.
Geomorphology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal about geomorphology.
The British Journal of Medical Hypnotism was a peer-reviewed medical journal and an official journal of the British Society of Medical Hypnotists.
Cosmic Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1963.
The current managing editor is John M. Findlay.
The journal was established in 1995 and is published by the Nature Publishing Group.
It provides vital information and ideas for thinking about the formations of media in culture and wider issues of culture.
The journal was established in 1997 and is published by Routledge.
It primarily includes articles and reviews on the application of techniques, and is regularly cited in the professional journals.
JMMS was founded by Joseph Gelfer who remains the executive editor.
The International Journal of Number Theory was established in 2005 and is published by World Scientific.
Artibus Asiae also published occasional monographs since 1937.
It covers all aspects of French or francophone literature, thought, culture, politics, or film.
Acta Ophthalmologica is a peer-reviewed medical journal of ophthalmology established in 1923.
From then until 2009, it was published by the Society for Economic Theory.
Issues are available online as "in progress" as soon as articles are published.
Nature Nanotechnology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Nature Publishing Group.
Typical themes of each volume include labor supply, work effort, schooling, on-the-job training, earnings distribution, discrimination, migration, and the effects of government policies.
It publishes approximately 25 articles and 30 book reviews a year.
Article formats are regular articles, Express articles, and Review articles.
ACM Computing Reviews is a scientific journal that reviews literature in the field of computer science.
Human Rights Quarterly is a quarterly academic journal established in 1979 covering human rights.
Furthermore, sections devoted to one particular topic are published in each issue in open access.
The journal produces an annual special issue on global trade policy, which is subsequently available as a book in the Global Trade Policy series.
Subsequently, the journal was ranked first among 106 geographic periodicals judged on the basis of citations.
The journal was established in 1972, and is edited by Robert A. Samson.
It was established in 2005 and is published by American Scientific Publishers.
It was established in 1968 from the division of the earlier title, Proceedings of the Physical Society.
It was established in 1987 by Nicole Muller-Bérat Killman and Sven-Aage Killman, and is currently edited by Professors Andreas Hochhaus and Robert Peter Gale.
Journal of Research in Crime and Delinquency is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Criminology.
The journal has been criticized for extending its open access embargo from 2 to 10 years as of June 1, 2013.
The journal covers all fundamental themes in life sciences, especially those concerned with the origins of life and evolution of biosystems.
The founding editor-in-chief was Stephen C. Stearns.
The Journal of Interconnection Networks was established in 2000 and is published by World Scientific.
Colloids and Surfaces A: Physicochemical and Engineering Aspects is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research on the science related to applications of colloids and interfacial phenomena.
Asian Theatre Journal appears biannually in March and September.
The single word, Pediatrics, has been chosen to indicate this catholic intent."
It was established in 1986 and is published by Routledge.
Its editor-in-chief is Lynn Meskell, who established the journal in 2001.
Open Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all fields of chemistry.
Children’s Literature is an academic journal and annual publication of the Modern Language Association and the Children’s Literature Association Division on Children's Literature.
It is published by the Nature Publishing Group and was established in 1994 under the title Nature Structural Biology, obtaining its current title in January 2004.
Muelleria is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on botany published by the Royal Botanic Gardens Melbourne.
Digest of Middle East Studies is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization.
The current editor-in-chief is Andrew W. Campbell.
Its focus is recent gender issues and its editor-in-chief is JiYoung Moon.
JLS articles draw on theoretical frameworks from such diverse fields as cognitive science, sociocultural theory, educational psychology, computer science, and anthropology.
Canadian Journal of Research, Section D: Zoological Sciences going on as Canadian Journal of Zoology.
The journal's editor is David L. Clemenson.
Since 2006, the journal has been published in collaboration with Allen Press Publishing Services.
The journal reviews books on Medieval issues.
The Health Physics Society is a nonprofit scientific professional organization whose mission is excellence in the science and practice of radiation safety.
Contributors to the journal included the biologist Alexander Carr-Saunders, and the writer R. Austin Freeman.
The readership consists of diagnostic histopathologists and researchers in the clinicopathological field.
It is published by Walter de Gruyter.
It is the official journal of the Pan African Urological Surgeons' Association and is published on their behalf by Elsevier.
The journal focuses on research related to poverty, welfare, and economic inequality worldwide.
It was established as the Transactions of the American Orthopedic Association in 1889, published by the American Orthopedic Association.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.144.
Philosophical Investigations is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal which features articles, discussion, and literature reviews from every field of philosophy.
It is the flagship law journal of the University of Michigan Law School and one of the top law journals in the United States.
Politics & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of political science.
2) Computational Methods in Science and Engineering.
Social Politics: International Studies in Gender, State and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Oxford University Press.
Previous editors-in-chief include Ian McGrath, Humphrey Rang, Alan North, Phil Moore, Bill Large, and Tony Birmingham.
Its 2009 MCQ was 0.50, and its 2009 impact factor was 0.386.
It features review articles and papers covering original research on the study and the techniques used to study the structure and properties of materials.
Rapid Communications in Mass Spectrometry is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1987 by John Wiley & Sons.
It was formerly published as The Journal of the American Board of Family Practice by the Board of the Massachusetts Medical Society.
Since 1991 it has published the journal Ornis Hungarica.
The editors-in-chief are Lucas Gottzén and Ulf Mellström.
Merwin, Lorraine M. Lopez, and Sarah Shun-lien Bynum.
The journal is regarded as highly authoritative in its field, and is compared to the American Church History.
It was established in 1957 and is published by Maney Publishing on behalf of the Society for Medieval Archaeology.
Chemical Communications, also known as ChemComm, is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
Neurorehabilitation and Neural Repair is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes papers in the fields of rehabilitation and clinical neurology.
The journal was established in 1978 and the current editors-in-chief are Badi H. Baltagi, Joao F. Gomes, Costas Meghir, Pierre-Daniel Sarte, and Roberto Serrano.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 1.705.
Nationalities Papers is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge for the Association for the Study of Nationalities.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.253.
The editor in chief is Anthony Beavers.
A four-time CELJ award winner, Public Culture has been publishing field-defining ethnographies and analyses of the cultural politics of globalization for more than twenty-five years.
Mathematische Annalen is a German mathematical research journal founded in 1868 by Alfred Clebsch and Carl Neumann.
Current Issues in Criminal Justice is a peer-reviewed law journal established in 1989.
It was established in 1977 and first published in 1978 by Marcel Dekker.
Organisers of each Interface Focus issue are strongly encouraged to contextualise the journal within their chosen subject.
According to the 2015 Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 2.068.
The current editor-in-chief is A. Cooper Drury.
The journal also acts as the official publication of the society.
The current acting Editor in Chief is Dan T. Kulp.
The journal cover research in urology, including oncology, sexual dysfunction, incontinence, endourology, trauma and reconstructive surgery, andrology, transplantation, imaging, and pathology.
It was founded in 2001 and covers "modeling, analyzing, quantifying and predicting stochastic phenomena in science and engineering from a dynamical system's point of view".
Papers include empirical reports and scholarly reviews covering science, practice, education, and policy.
It was first published in 1958 as the Bulletin of the Evangelical Theological Society, and was given its present name in 1969.
It covers statistical methods and applied statistics in the educational and behavioral sciences.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.603.
It was hosted by the University of Arizona Poetry Center and co-sponsored by the Center for Biological Diversity.
For several years Professor Donald James Winslow of the University of Boston was the magazine's bibliographer.
The current editor is Craig S. Keener.
All content is available electronically, and for issues older than three years, free of charge.
The journal publishes reviews, theoretical articles, and mini-reviews.
The current editors-in-chief are Rachel Thomson, Lindsay O'Dell, Heather Montgomery and Mary Jane Kehily.
The journal published original research papers, research notes, letters, and book reviews.
Zoologicheskii Zhurnal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published in Russian covering research in zoology.
The publication also was changed to include popular articles and advertising.
At the time it was located at Bowling Green State University and edited by Ray B. Browne.
The Journal of Emergency Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering emergency medicine.
It has been in publication since 2004 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The Journal of Veterinary Diagnostic Investigation is an international peer-reviewed academic journal published bimonthly in English that publishes papers in the field of Veterinary Sciences.
Asian Women is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal and the official journal of the Research Institute of Asian Women.
The journal was established in 1973 and is published by Elsevier.
The journal obtained its current title in 2008 with volume numbering restarted at 1.
It was founded in 1932 for the publication of the work of the school, which was previously published in the American Journal of Archaeology.
The Yale Scientific Magazine is a scientific magazine published quarterly by undergraduate students from Yale University.
Stadion is a multilingual academic journal covering the history of sport.
NASN School Nurse is an American bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal that covers the field of school nursing.
It provides a forum for the publication of original research papers, invited reviews and rapid communications.
It is published by the TeX Users Group and intended to be a complement to their primary print journal, TUGboat.
It is published weekly by the American Chemical Society.
Aidai and since 1992 Naujasis Židinys-Aidai is a magazine about Lithuanian culture and literature.
The journal was established in 1991 with James Henry Fetzer as founding editor-in-chief.
Geology is a publication of the Geological Society of America.
The journal is indexed by PubMed, CINAHL, ProQuest, SocINDEX, SafetyLit, and Index Medicus/MEDLINE.
Established in 1868, the Canadian Pharmacists Journal is the oldest continuously published periodical in Canada.
It was established in 1911 and is abstracted and indexed by Scopus.
It covers all aspects of emerging and maturing Internet technologies.
The Journal of Economic Issues is an academic journal of economics.
He was succeeded by Laurie H. Glimcher in January 2012.
It has been in publication since 1994 and is published by SAGE Publications.
The former subtitle of the journal was Revue internationale de linguistique française et de linguistique générale.
Gems & Gemology is abstracted and indexed by the Science Citation Index.
It is published by The Independent Institute, a libertarian think tank in the United States.
Current Opinion in Behavioral Sciences is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of the behavioral sciences.
The 2007 ExpressO Guide to Top Law Reviews ranked the journal first among law and society law reviews based on the number of manuscripts received.
It welcomes different types of manuscripts, like research reports, commentaries, literature reviews, theoretical articles, critiques, mathematical problems, and translations of previously published articles.
The editors-in-chief are Robert Dantzer and Ned H. Kalin.
It was established in 1994 and is published by Sage Publications in association with FHI360.
The Albany Law Review is a quarterly law review edited by students at Albany Law School.
Gastroenterology is the official medical journal of the American Gastroenterological Association.
The first issue was published in January 2013.
The journal is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the International Society of Feline Medicine and the American Association of Feline Practitioners.
It was established in 2012 and is published by MDPI.
In 2016, the journal changed its name to Scoliosis and Spinal Disorders, and extended its scope to include all spine-related issues and themes.
Its current editors are Malcolm Crook and Julian Wright
Portoghese had served as editor-in-chief from 1972-2011.
World Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering political science and international relations.
It covers the history, culture, and language of ancient Greek and Roman societies.
The Zeitschrift für Ostmitteleuropa-Forschung/Journal of East Central European Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history and culture of Eastern Europe.
It was established in 1961 as the Journal of Trauma, obtaining its current name in 2012.
The editors-in-chief are Julia Knight and Alexis Weedon.
The Indian Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Occupational Health.
Advances in High Energy Physics a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal publishing research on physics.
Russian Journal of Physical Chemistry A  is an English-language translation of the Russian-language peer-reviewed scientific journal published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media.
Due to the political controversy stirred up by articles in the journal it was forced to close after printing forty issues.
Established in 1984 by the Chinese Mathematical Society, the journal publishes articles on applied mathematics.
Articles on palynology, cytology, anatomy, phytogeography, and phytochemistry that relate to taxonomy are also included.
The journal was established in 2009 by David Parsons, who remains the editor-in-chief.
It was established in 1978 and has a 2014 impact factor of 1.985.
The journal is currently published biweekly by Portland Press on behalf of the Biochemical Society.
The editor-in-chief is Luke F. Lester o(Virginia Tech.
Existenz is indexed by The Philosopher's Index and included in the EBSCO database.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 5.889.
It was a leading publication of its kind in the region, published by the Demokratska misao publishing company based in Zagreb and largely sold at kiosks.
A similar format is usually followed for the series Organic Syntheses.
Astronomy and Astrophysics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering theoretical, observational, and instrumental astronomy and astrophysics.
The publication themes include cultural reactions and conceptions of nature, ecological restoration, ecological time, as well as political and socio-technical arrangements of landscapes.
The Canadian Journal of Psychiatry/La Revue canadienne de psychiatrie is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published originally by the Canadian Psychiatric Association.
Founded in 1924, it is described as the most prominent astronomy journal during the age of the Soviet Union.
It covers the study of the intellectual and social history of the physical sciences and the biological sciences, from the 17th century to the modern era.
Aging Cell is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and an official journal of the Anatomical Society.
Authors can elect to have accepted articles published as open access.
It focuses on six key topics: sports doping, illicit/recreational drug use, pharmaceutics, toxico-pathology, forensics/homeland security, and environment.
Work appearing in BWR has been anthologized in the Pushcart Prize collection, The Best American Short Stories, Best American Poetry, and New Stories from the South.
A predecessor journal, called La monda lingvo-problemo, had appeared since 1969 published by Mouton and edited by Victor Sadler and Richard E. Wood.
The European Journal of Theology is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering evangelical theology.
The journal obtained its current title in 2011 with volume numbering restarting at 1.
The journal was established in 2002 as a quarterly and is currently published monthly.
In 1969, the journal's title was shortened to The Journal of Pathology.
It was established in 1998 and is published by Cambridge University Press.
Annual Review of Economics is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Annual Reviews.
It has been in publication since 1966 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Cross-Cultural Research.
The journal is published monthly by Cell Press.
Pigment Cell & Melanoma Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of dermatology.
Other formats are analysis of issues such as education, funding, policy, intellectual property, and the impact chemistry has on society.
The editor-in-chief is the team of Carlo Adamo and Ilaria Ciofini, the associate editor is Weitao Yang, and the chief advisory editor is Donald G. Truhlar.
Founded in 1970, it is published ten times per year by Emerald Group Publishing Limited.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.23.
Molecular Membrane Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes review articles of biomembranes at the molecular level.
It is edited by Donald A. Yerxa.
Sankhya is considered as "core journal" of statistics by the Current Index to Statistics.
It was abstracted and indexed in the ATLA Religion Database.
The current editor-in-chief is John C. McCarthy.
NANO is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal published by World Scientific, covering recent developments and discussions in the field of nanoscience and technology.
It focuses on topics relating to plants, algae, and fungi in the southern hemisphere and Australia in particular.
Studia Patristica is a peer-reviewed, academic book series established in 1957 and focused on the study of patristics.
The editors-in-chief are Roger D. Congleton and Stefan Voigt.
It is an official journal of the European Society for Paediatric Endocrinology, the Pediatric Endocrine Society and the Sociedade Latino-Americana de Endocrinologia Pediátrica.
It emerged from a section that was part of Macromolecular Materials and Engineering.
Catalysis Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on catalysis in a wide range of sub-disciplines such as homogeneous, heterogeneous and enzymatic catalysis.
The journal covers the field of bioanalysis, including drug and metabolite assays, chromatography and separation sciences, ligand binding assays, metabolomics, and key detection methods.
The Journal of Coatings Technology and Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal.
TAF Preventive Medicine Bulletin is a peer-reviewed bimonthly academic medical journal about primary medical services and preventive medicine.
The journal is published by the Hume Society in April and November.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.010.
Advances in Microbial Physiology is an biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal covering microbiology.
It has been in publication since 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
It was established in 1995 and initially published by Kluwer.
Phytotherapy Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research papers, short communications, reviews, and letters on medicinal plant research.
The Journal of Internal Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of internal medicine.
The Journal of Controlled Release is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the Controlled Release Society.
Criminal Justice Policy Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of criminal justice.
JHCY is the official journal of the Society for the History of Children and Youth.
The literary magazine uses a blind review process and is affiliated with the National Writing Project.
Dance Chronicle: Studies in Dance and the Related Arts is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on dance.
The journal was founded in 1974 and its editor-in-chief is Kevin Cokley.
It was established in 1969 and is published jointly by Elsevier and the National Safety Council.
Mathematics of Control, Signals, and Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research concerned with mathematically rigorous system theoretic aspects of control and signal processing.
In 2002, Til Wykes became the Executive Editor and has continued in that role until the present time.
Clinics in Dermatology is a medical journal published for the International Academy of Cosmetic Dermatology by Elsevier, addressing clinical treatment and care of skin disorders.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 3.857.
On 2011 EMBnet has 37 nodes spread over 32 countries.
The journal is published by Karger Publishers and the editor-in-chief is Harald Walach.
Animal pharmacokinetics and metabolism, covering the pharmacokinetics, and absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion of drugs and other xenobiotics in animals.
It was established in 1949 as Watsonia, with the subtitle Journal & Proceedings of the Botanical Society of the British Isles.
It is published once a year by Annual Reviews and the editors-in-chief are Stephen H. Davis and Parviz Moin.
While publishing papers in English, the journal welcomes review articles on the reception of Berkeley's philosophy in non-English-speaking countries.
Since 1977, it has been published monthly with six issues per volume.
The French Studies Bulletin: A Quarterly Supplement is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for French Studies.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE/PubMed and the Science Citation Index Expanded.
It is run by the Association Mieux Prescrire which is a not for profit.
The journal "publishes conceptual and data-based articles on the issues and methods involved in the practice of psychology.
Operational Radiation Safety is published as a quarterly supplement to Health Physics.
It will simply seek justified answers to two questions: "Is it true?"
In 2011, Quarterly West became an exclusively online literary journal.
The 1st conference was held in Sydney in July 2008.
It was established in 1994 and is published by Sage Publications.
This journal papers address computational issues relevant to solution of scientific or engineering problems and include computational results demonstrating the effectiveness of proposed techniques.
The journal was established in 1964 and appears bimonthly.
Aboriginal History Inc., the journal's publisher, also publishes monographs on a wide range of topics in Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander histories.
All issues are available in electronic format from the Central and Eastern European Online Library and the Philosophy Documentation Center.
The Journal of the American Musicological Society has been published three times a year since 1948.
L’Esprit Créateur is a quarterly academic journal established in 1961 and published by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
Chungara Revista de Antropología Chilena is a peer-reviewed academic journal on anthropology and archaeology with particular, but not exclusive, focus on the Andean region.
Strategic Organization is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of management and organization studies.
It was established in 1988, along with the SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications, to replace the SIAM Journal on Algebraic and Discrete Methods.
It publishes articles covering information processing and knowledge management, including: tools, techniques and technologies; knowledge creation and sharing; as well as best practices, policies and guidelines.
It was established by Henry J. Fletcher and William Reynolds Vance in 1917.
The Journal also presents articles on research in child development, cognitive psychology, and sociology to school learning and teaching.
In addition to scholarly articles and reflections by Israeli and foreign statesmen, the journal publishes transcripts of ICFR events as well as book reviews.
It is now published by Zhejiang University Press and Springer Science+Business Media.
Molecular Pain is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering all aspects of research on pain.
The journal provides an ongoing examination of Emily Dickinson, one of the most influential American poets, and her place in women’s literature.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.562.
The Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books is an academic journal established in 1945 by Frances E. Henne.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Society for Aesthetics.
The journal is ranked as a Level 2 journal, the highest level, in the official Norwegian ranking.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.902.
Guest editors are often invited for thematic issues.
It is an official journal of the Schizophrenia International Research Society and was established in 1988.
Pharmacogenomics is a peer-reviewed medical journal established in 2000 and published by Future Medicine.
It is published quarterly by the American Bryological and Lichenological Society.
It is published monthly by John Wiley & Sons and is the official journal of the European Federation for Immunogenetics.
The Observatory is a publication, variously described as a journal, a magazine and a review, devoted to astronomy.
The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.
The Polish Sociological Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Polish Sociological Association.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.472.
It is a quarterly peer-reviewed journal published by Oxford University Press since 2015 and formerly published by University of California Press.
Before coming to Oxford University Press, the journal was published by Springer Science+Business Media.
Physics and Chemistry of Liquids is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes experimental and theoretical research articles focused on the science of the liquid state.
It was established in 1966 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Since 2009 this journal publishes eight issues per year.
Each year approximately 25 articles and review essays and 1,000 book reviews are published.
It is issued twice a year from Silang, Cavite.
Hunger Mountain is an American literary magazine founded in 2002 by Caroline Mercurio.
It is the official journal of the International Union for the Study of Social Insects, and is published by Birkhäuser Verlag.
In 2007, it obtained its current name.
social justice issues in mathematics education, part 1
Since 1968 the University of Northern Iowa has been home to the publication.
The Journal of Elastomers and Plastics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers materials science of elastomers and plastics.
It was named "Best New Journal of 2004" by the Council of Editors of Learned Journals.
AIPC Magazine is a quarterly Italian-language periodical and the official publication of Associazione Italiana Piante Carnivore, a carnivorous plant society based in Italy.
Marco Sebastiani, Università Roma Tre - microstructure and properties
Libertarian Communism was a socialist journal founded in 1974 and produced in part by members of the Socialist Party of Great Britain.
Many of the articles are English translations of scholarly work from around the world.
The Journal of Documentation is a double-blind peer-reviewed academic journal covering theories, concepts, models, frameworks, and philosophies in information science.
The journal is directed towards primary care physicians.
NHK is Japan's national public broadcasting organization.
It is published quarterly on behalf of the Association for the Study of Ethnicity and Nationalism by Wiley-Blackwell.
It reviews the recent economic situation and predicts the short-term interrelated economic, social, and political evolution of all African economies.
It was established in 1980 as Scottish Economic and Social History and took its current title in 2004.
The Journal of International Development is the official peer-reviewed academic journal of the Development Studies Association.
The journal's editor-in-chief is George A. Marcoulides.
The journal was founded in 1981 by Patrick Sims-Williams, who has remained the journal's editor to this day.
The journal publishes articles in all areas of accounting,, using relevant methods; based on economics, finance, history, psychology, sociology, or any cognate disciplines.
The journal's editor-in-chief is Tracy L. Cross.
Progress of Theoretical and Experimental Physics is part of the SCOAP3 initiative.
It is the official journal of the European Society of Intensive Care Medicine and the European Society of Paediatric and Neonatal Intensive Care.
The idea behind ICOMOS dates to the Athens Conference on the restoration of historic buildings in 1931, organized by the International Museums Office.
In 1946, after many years of financial trouble, it was merged into a new journal, United Nations World.
It was established in 1971 and is edited by Arthur F. Kinney.
The International Journal of Communication is an open access peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies on communication.
It is an affiliated journal of the Japan Radiation Research Society and the Japanese Society for Radiation Oncology.
Configurations is an academic journal established in 1993 and the official publication of the Society for Literature, Science, and the Arts.
Entropy is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research on all aspects of entropy and information studies.
Surface Review and Letters is an international journal published by World Scientific.
The South African Geographical Journal is the official journal of the Society of South African Geographers.
Originally bilingual in English and French, it now publishes in English only.
Family scholars, media and the general public are invited to participate in rigorous, thoughtful conversations.
The journal was published annually until his death in 2005.
Archiv der Mathematik is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer, established in 1948.
The Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization is an academic journal published by Elsevier.
The International Small Business Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of economics and entrepreneurship, especially small businesses.
It is published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Antimicrobial Chemotherapy and was established in 1975.
It succeeds the Spanish-only journal Pasturas Tropicales, published from 1979 to 2007, and Tropical Grasslands.
Both historical and contemporary statements of idealistic argumentation are published, as are also historico-philosophical studies of idealism.
Church History: Studies in Christianity and Culture is a quarterly academic journal.
It covers research on the study and development of literacy, including topics such as phonics, phonology, morphology, and language.
While most articles focus on issues arising under the United States Constitution, the journal also covers topics concerning state and foreign constitutions.
It was established in 2006 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Society on NeuroImmune Pharmacology.
It is most often used for pain relief, though it is also used for a wide range of other conditions.
Over the years in 1903, 1912, and 1947, revisions have been made to the original document.
Its publication frequency switched from bimonthly to monthly in 2009.
The current editor-in-chief is Gregory G. Brown.
Black Denim Lit is an American, web-based literary magazine and print anthology dedicated to compositions having unique and lasting artistic merit from new and established writers.
Neuroinformatics also has an open access option.
The first volume was published at the beginning of 2006 under the two founding chemical societies, the German Chemical Society and the Italian Chemical Society.
The journal covers the chemical, structural, thermodynamic, electronic, and electromagnetic characteristics and properties of solids, including ceramics and amorphous materials.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO and Scopus.
It is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.
And between 1967-1980 this journal published at a rate of two volumes per year.
The Journal of Systems and Software is a computer science journal in the area of software systems, established in 1979 and published by Elsevier.
The Journal of Personnel Psychology “is dedicated to international research in psychology as it relates to the working environment and the people who “inhabit” it."
An editorial board, consisting of librarians, practitioners and academics from several universities, as well as relevant subject specialists, procures and reviews content.
It covers research on structural and functional properties of proteins, especially with regard to development.
It publishes articles on the subject of ophthalmology and vision science.
It is currently edited by Kevin Hewison.
All articles older than one year are freely available online.
Part of the European Physical Journal series, it is jointly published by EDP Sciences, the Società Italiana di Fisica, and Springer Science+Business Media.
The editors-in-chief are Dmitri Bondarenko, Leonid Grinin, and Andrey Korotayev.
The journal was established in 1961 by the Blanton-Peale Institute.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 5.750.
Work that is similar to the International Journal of Žižek Studies, yet critical of Žižekian thought is as follows:
The current Editors-in-Chief are George Koutsantonis and John Wade.
It is published by the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
The journal publishes articles on the subject of operative dentistry and endodontics aiming at restoration and replacement of teeth.
Each volume consists of selected papers presented at the annual conference on applied philosophy held at Bowling Green from 1979 to 1986.
The Macquarie Law Journal is an annual peer-reviewed law review published by the Macquarie Law School at Macquarie University.
It was established in 1992 and is published by the British Computer Society.
It publishes articles on all countries of South Asia, the South Asian diaspora as well as on comparative studies related to the region.
It covers research on artificial intelligence tools or tools that use AI, including architectures, languages and algorithms.
The Review of Higher Education is an academic journal founded in 1978 and the official journal of the Association for the Study of Higher Education.
The Geographical Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of the Royal Geographical Society.
In January 2007, DJGLP published "Makeup, Identity Performance & Discrimination," the largest issue ever published by any journal at Duke Law School.
European Journal of Entomology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Czech Academy of Sciences.
The editors-in-chief are Thomas C. Meisel, Jacinta Enzweiler, Mary F. Horan, Kathryn L. Linge, Christophe R. Quétel and Paul J. Sylvester.
In calling itself an "entertaining" journal, it is not strictly a journal of humor and unserious work.
The book reviews section offers detailed analysis of important new publications in the field.
It was a place for researchers to share documents, including presentations, posters, white papers, technical papers, supplementary findings, and non-peer-reviewed manuscripts.
MQR's special issues include "The Automobile and American Culture," "Detroit: An American City," "Contemporary American Fiction," "The Female Body," "The Male Body," and "Bridges to Cuba".
Experimental Mathematics is a quarterly scientific journal of mathematics published by A K Peters, Ltd. until 2004, now by Taylor & Francis.
As of 2007, the journal allows the posting of preprints on arXiv.
In the early twentieth century an English-language edition was also published.
Some tugboats serve as icebreakers or salvage boats.
Expert Opinion on Investigational Drugs is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering developments in pharmaceutical research, from animal studies through to early clinical investigation.
Spine is available in print, online, and on the iPad; there is an accompanying Spine blog.
Andean Geology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published three times per year by the National Geology and Mining Service, Chile's geology and mining agency.
The journal publishes reports on all aspects of medical entomology and medical acarology.
The journal was established in 2009 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
Issues often include book reviews and photo essays, as well.
It was established in 1975 by Rudolf Haller and is currently edited by Johannes L. Brandl, Marian David, Maria E. Reicher-Marek, and Leopold Stubenberg.
It is also available online from African Journals OnLine.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.613.
As of 2015, Physiological Reviews has an impact factor of 30.92.
The Editor in Chief is Dr. Wilfried Westheide.
As of June 2014, the full text of the journal is freely available online on its homepage.
Pediatric Radiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all areas of pediatric imaging and related fields published by Springer Science+Business Media.
It was established by Roman Kozłowski in 1956.
The journal was established in 1967 and is published on an irregular basis.
Architectural History is the main journal of the Society of Architectural Historians of Great Britain.
Advances in Physics is a bimonthly scientific journal published by Taylor & Francis that was established in 1952.
Communications in Mathematical Physics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer.
Articles are freely available 12 months after publication.
The journal is a published by Oxford University Press and its editors-in-chief are Suzanne Keen and Emma Parker.
It was established in 1997 by Professor Adolfo Guzmán Arenas and it is published by Instituto Politécnico Nacional with the support of CONACyT.
English Text Construction is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering English studies, including applied linguistics, English language teaching, cultural studies, linguistics, and literary studies.
The journal was established in 1981 and is published by IOS Press.
It is free and open-source software distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public License 2.0.
Also previously it was known as the Theological Students Fellowship Bulletin from 1951 to 1957.
The journal publishes long review papers which are intended to generalize and summarize previously published results, making them easier to use and to understand.
The Journal of Chemical & Engineering Data is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, published since 1956 by the American Chemical Society.
It covers ultrasound technology in clinical diagnostic, interventional and therapeutic applications, including the physics, engineering, and technology of ultrasound in medicine and biology.
It focuses on biblical theology in the tradition of Geerhardus Vos.
Since 1990, the editor has been Jim McAdam.
Lois-Ann Yamanaka is among the writers Bamboo Ridge has published.
It focuses on the literature and culture of the American West.
Norte Grande Geography Journal or Revista de geografía Norte Grande is an academic journal published by the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile.
Sleep is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on sleep.
Although originally it published articles in French and German, it now allows only English language articles.
It is published by the Classical Association of South Africa.
FMPM is quarterly published by the Swiss Society for Financial Market Research since 1987.
Mayo Clinic Proceedings is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier and sponsored by the Mayo Clinic.
It was established at Victoria University of Wellington in 1948 and remains New Zealand's sole professional journal of political science.
Human Vaccines & Immunotherapeutics is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research into vaccines and immunotherapeutics in humans.
The journal was established in 2012 and is published by the Electrochemical Society.
Journal of Non-Crystalline Solids is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on amorphous materials, such as glass.
The journal was established in 1949 when Arkiv för matematik, astronomi och fysik was split into separate journals, and is currently published by Springer.
The journal was established in 1971 by Professor Dr. Siegfried Streufert at Purdue University who edited the Journal for the first ten years.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Westlaw and International Political Science Abstracts/Documentation Politique Internationale.
The journal is currently published by Wiley.
Theoretical Inquiries in Law is a biannual peer-reviewed Israeli law journal published by Tel Aviv University.
It took the name Filson History Quarterly for its last two volumes in 2001 and 2002.
The Journal of Social and Psychological Sciences is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford Mosaic Publications.
The journal cooperates with the IEEE Poland Section, Polish Academy of Sciences, and the Photonics Society of Poland.
The journal is published each autumn and usually comprises around 400 pages.
The journal occasionally publishes special issues on specific topics.
The journal recently published a special collection covering the emerging topic of city analytics.
The Annals of Otology, Rhinology, and Laryngology is a peer-reviewed monthly medical journal addressing topics in otolaryngology.
The Journal of Zoology is a scientific journal concerning zoology, the study of animals.
The Journal of African History is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering African history from the late Stone Age to the present.
The 2nd Derrida Today conference in July 2010 was held in London and co-sponsored by Kingston University and Macquarie University.
The journal's editor is Julia Muennich Cowell, PhD, RNC, FAAN.
It was established in 1992 and the editor-in-chief is Demetrios A. Spandidos.
The bibliography is currently compiled by Terry A. Barringer and is prepared alongside the IAI's journal Africa.
It is associated with the Society of Jesus and the editor-in-chief is Boris Repschinski.
The Journal was founded by Alwin Diemer, Lutz Geldsetzer and Gert König.
It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Asa Kasher.
It was established in 1977 and is widely regarded as one of the two most prestigious journals in the information systems discipline.
In March 2014 the editorship was taken over by David P. Berschauer and David B. Waller, who become co-editors.
In that way, it’s similar to extinct medical philosophies such as the “Western” medical philosophy of humorism.
Lebensmittel-Wissenschaft & Technologie, Food Science & Technology) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
In 1997, Experimental Neurology absorbed the quarterly journal Neurodegeneration, which had been established in 1992.
Witness is a literary and issue-oriented magazine published by the Black Mountain Institute at UNLV.
It is published on their behalf by John Wiley & Sons.
Fulltext of the journal is available via SciElo starting from vol.
It was established in 1965 and is published by The University of Wisconsin Press.
Psychosomatics is a peer-reviewed medical journal that focuses on psychosomatic medicine.
Biochemical Systematics and Ecology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering chemotaxonomy and ecology.
It is published ten times a year by Elsevier.
It aims to maintain consistently high editorial and production quality with the intention of attracting a large and varied audience.
The European Journal of Clinical Pharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media since 1968.
The Journal of Neuroscience Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of neuroscience.
It is an official journal of the British Society of Audiology, the International Society of Audiology, and the Nordic Audiological Society.
American Museum Novitates is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Museum of Natural History.
Nutrition and Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the role of nutritional factors in causing or preventing cancer.
Progress in Human Geography is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of human geography, primarily publishing critical reviews of current research.
Most of the authors were members of the Society of Jesus, although they played down their connection with the order.
It is available for subscription singularly and also as part of an online subscription to the Emerald Library and Information Studies Subject Collection.
All articles published by the journal are indexed and reviewed in Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt für Mathematik.
It is owned by the American Academy of Advertising and published on their behalf by Routledge.
The Revista Colombiana de Estadistica is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal on statistics published by the National University of Colombia.
Physics Letters B: nuclear physics, theoretical nuclear physics, experimental high-energy physics, theoretical high-energy physics, and astrophysics.
The journal was established in 1986 and is published by Sage Publications.
The Journal’s target group include academics, research institutions, governments, students and other policy makers.
Source Code for Biology and Medicine is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal in the field of bioinformatics, including information systems and data mining.
It was established in 2012 and is published by the Electrochemical Society.
Canadian Journal of Experimental Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association.
Articles are published in English, French, German, Greek, or Italian.
The IEEE Power & Energy magazine is a magazine published by the IEEE Power & Energy Society.
The Journal of Portfolio Management is a quarterly academic journal covering asset allocation, performance measurement, market trends, risk management, and portfolio optimization.
By trial and error they learn to change their preconceptions about phenomena in physics and discover the underlying concepts.
The editor in chief is Francis Knights.
Founded in 1978 by Professors Herbert L. Abrams and Eberhard Zeitler, CVIR is the oldest journal in the field.
Dissent is a left-wing intellectual magazine edited by Michael Kazin and founded in 1954.
Experimental Physiology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society.
African and Asian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on Africa and Asia.
It is the official journal of the Psychoneuroimmunology Research Society.
It is published by The Crustacean Society and Oxford University Press, and since 2015 the editor-in-chief has been Peter Castro.
It was originally published by Libertas Academica, but SAGE Publications became the publisher in September 2016.
Applied Psychology: An International Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of applied psychology.
Four issues are printed each year, with the Summer issue traditionally focusing on scholarly materials presented during that year's Symposium.
It is included in a number of bibliographic databases:
The journal continues to be published by the University of New Brunswick.
Other editors have included Sir Henry Greenway Howse.
Natural Language Semantics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of semantics published by Springer Science+Business Media.
It was established in 2010 and the current editor-in-chief is Samuel Moyn.
Pattern Recognition in Physics was an open-access journal originally published by Copernicus Publications which was established in March 2013 and terminated in January 2014.
In 1974, Business History Review published its first special issue on the multinational corporation.
The Journal of Chemical Ecology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering all aspects of chemical ecology.
The journal has ties with The National Centre for Languages and the British Council through its Editorial Board.
It was established in 2004 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics.
The 2013 Impact Factor of the journal was 1.260.
Endocrine Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers endocrinology in the broadest context.
PRL is published as a print journal, and is in electronic format, online and CD-ROM.
Kairos: A Journal of Rhetoric, Technology, and Pedagogy is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the fields of computers and writing, composition studies, and digital rhetoric.
The editors-in-chief are Crispin Wright, John Divers, and Carrie Jenkins.
Supplement issues, as well special issues for doctoral theses, are published along with the main journal.
It is published three times a year and is student-run.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Index medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed.
The journal is published by Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht.
In addition to its monthly issues, the association also publishes two supplements, the Yearbook of Physical Anthropology and a meeting supplement.
The American Philosophical Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering philosophy.
The Mexican Law Review is a biannual peer reviewed law journal published by the Institute for Legal Research of the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
Mycologia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers on all aspects of the fungi, including lichens.
The journal covers the anatomy, behavior, and distribution of birds.
It has been in publication since 1982 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the International Textiles and Apparel Association.
Because of the success of the Journal, in mid 2014 a companion journal was launched with a more clinical focus.
It is the official journal of the World Association for Sexual Health.
Audiological Medicine has been published quarterly by Taylor and Francis Group since 2003 and is edited by Alessandro Martini.
The journal also publishes interdisciplinary research linking biological and cultural diversity from evidence such sources as archaeology, ethnography and cultural anthropology studies, and more.
As of late 2015, its editors-in-chief are Thomas J. Goldsby and Walter Zinn, both of The Ohio State University.
Occasional supplements to the journal include only English-language articles, either in their original version or translated from Portuguese.
It is an official journal of the Mineralogical Society of America.
Many of the illustration volumes are largest collections of line drawings of related families/genera ever published in the world.
It has been the official publication of the American College of Neuropsychopharmacology since 1987.
Henrietta Larson, whose Guide to Business History also documented the scope of available research materials, was editor from 1938 to 1953.
Cofounders were the Trapeznikov Institute of Control Sciences and the Institute of Information Transmission Problems.
Wyile and Sugars began co-editing the journal in 2013.
The prostate also contains some smooth muscles that help expel semen during ejaculation.
According to its publication program, the yearbook wishes to analyse African economic policies on various levels: from local to national, regional and international level.
It includes two sections: "Critical Concepts" and "Health and Human Rights in Practice".
The journal was established in 1982 and covers all aspects of forecasting, including subject areas such as statistics, economics, psychology, systems engineering, and social sciences.
The journal was established in 1929 as the Journal of Allergy and obtained its current name in 1971.
As of 2012, the editor-in-chief is Debbie Fraser.
The editors-in-chief are Thomas F. Burgess and John Heap.
It was published by Universitetsforlaget until it was acquired by Routledge in 2014 and obtained its current title.
The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.
Since 2003 the journal has been published by IOP Publishing on behalf of the BIPM.
The American Journal of Semiotics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering semiotics.
Osteoporosis International is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
Annals of the Institute of Statistical Mathematics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering statistics.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 2.47.
It is sometimes referred to by the acronym JGAPE.
Also, since 2009 many international scholars have published their contributions.
Neuropsychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1987 and covers neuropsychology.
It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
It is one of several Russian journals that published the early fiction of Vladimir Nabokov; Nabokov's novel Despair was first serialized in Sovremennye zapiski.
Organizational Research Methods is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Research Methods Division of the Academy of Management.
It was established in 1959 as Biologia Neonatorum and renamed to Biology of the Neonate in 1970, obtaining its current name in 2006.
Design Issues is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering design history, theory, and criticism.
It was established in 1975 and is published by Elsevier.
Trajecta: Religion, Culture and Society in the Low Countries is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal for the history of religion in the Low Countries.
Augustinian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study of Augustine of Hippo.
Linguistic Typology is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of linguistic typology.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, it has a 2014 impact factor of 16.842.
The editors-in-chief are Thomas Alerstam and Jan-Åke Nilsson.
In 1941, editor Benjamin Boss arranged to transfer responsibility for the journal to the American Astronomical Society.
The journal is currently edited by Hans Bloemen.
The magazine is available to all members of the American Chemical Society.
The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters covers research on all aspects of physical chemistry.
It was published quarterly by Taylor & Francis.
It was founded by Jean Cabanis in 1853, becoming the official journal of the Deutsche Ornithologen-Gesellschaft in 1854.
It was established in 2002 and is published by Sage Publications.
Robert Fogarty, the founding editor of The Antioch Review received the PEN/Nora Magid Award for Magazine Editing in 2003.
Ricou's term ended in 2007 and saw Margery Fee taking the helm as editor.
Insight Turkey is an academic journal publishing peer-reviewed articles on Turkish politics since 1999.
AJET was first published in 1982 as the East Africa Journal of Evangelical Theology.
The International Journal of Algebra and Computation is published by World Scientific, and contains articles on general mathematics, as well as:
It was established in 1959 and is the official journal of the Society for Developmental Biology.
The association comprises a large number of branches and country sections.
The International Political Science Review/Revue Internationale de Science Politique is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of political science.
Topics covered include jurisprudence, civil and commercial law, economic law, environmental law, intellectual property, criminal justice, procedural law, administrative law, international law, and legal history.
The editor of the journal is Shulin Li.
Cambrian Medieval Celtic Studies is a bi-annual academic journal of Celtic studies, which appears in summer and winter.
Results in Mathematics/Resultate der Mathematik is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers all aspects of pure and applied mathematics and is published by Birkhäuser.
The Breast is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier covering research on breast cancer.
It is the review section of Materials Science and Engineering and is published monthly by Elsevier.
The founding editor-in-chief was Marcel F. Neuts, the current editor is Peter Taylor.
It covers the study of discourse in science, technology, and medicine and investigates the relationship between literature and the arts and science and technology.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 3.361.
Since 2005, David J. Richardson has been Honorary Editor.
Articles may report work related to any forest ecosystems worldwide, including plantations and natural forests.
Current History is the oldest United States-based publication devoted exclusively to contemporary world affairs.
Ergodic Theory and Dynamical Systems is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Cambridge University Press.
It is published in four quarterly issues.
Brain Stimulation is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of neuromodulation.
Johnston edited the journal for eleven years after which he was succeeded by Daniel J. Myers and then Rory McVeigh.
The journal is published by Maney Publishing on behalf of the Botanical Society of Britain and Ireland.
In 2005, from volume 12 onwards, publishing rights were taken over by World Scientific.
Since 2015, Thomas F. Hofmann has been the editor-in-chief.
The journal was established in 1991 and is published by Informa.
The journal's editor is J. Stephen Parker.
Ecography is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Nordic Society Oikos covering the field of spatial ecology.
It was established in 2005 with Terje Sagvolden as founding editor-in-chief.
The scope of this journal covers all aspects of medical oncology, radiation oncology, and surgical oncology as well as subspecialties.
The European Journal of Physics is a peer-reviewed, scientific journal dedicated to maintaining and improving the standard of physics education in higher education.
The Journal of Macromarketing is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Business.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.903.
The journal is published by the Philosophy Documentation Center, and some articles are published in co-operation with the Association for Practical and Professional Ethics.
The Journal of Applied Toxicology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1981 by John Wiley & Sons.
The Journal of Basic and Applied Physics is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal published by World Academic Publishing.
The Annual Review of Biophysics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Annual Reviews covering all aspects of biophysics.
Then in 1992 it became a monthly journal.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 3.119.
The journal also publishes the Dewey, Woodbridge, and Nagel Lectures series held at Columbia University.
Family Process is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on family system issues, including policy and applied practice.
It is published twice annually and edited by Marian Hillar.
The journal is available online and in paper format.
The winners receive prize money, publication, and an invitation to a public awards reception.
The Journal of Petrology is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal focused on the field of igneous and metamorphic petrology and petrogenesis.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 1.221.
It was established in 1948 by editor Robert Greer Cohn, and is currently edited by Alyson Waters.
APL Materials is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by the American Institute of Physics.
The editor in chief is Martin R Evans.
The Journal of Behavioral Medicine is an interdisciplinary medical journal published by Springer, addressing the interactions of the behavioral sciences with other fields of medicine.
It covers all aspects of economics, demography, and statistics.
It is also the official journal of the Association of Asian-Pacific Operational Research Societies within IFORS] and is published by World Scientific.
Palaeontology is one of the two scientific journals of the Palaeontological Association.
The journal is furthermore included in the German Handelblatt VWL ranking 2013 as well as in the French AERES list 2012.
The founding editor was Ed Diener, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
In 2012 the journal ceased to exist.
The Indian Journal of Dental Research is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Dental Research.
The journal was established in 1958 as the African Studies Bulletin, obtaining its current name in 1970.
Over the years, the magazine has published works by J.M.
More specifically, the journal includes "empirical investigations in experimental psychology that bridge practically oriented problems and psychological theory".
The journal's editorial board includes academics from multiple countries.
Previous editors have been: J. Robert Hunter, William Stern, Michael Emsley, E. Raymond Heithaus, Robert J. Marquis, Robin L. Chazdon and Jaboury Ghazoul.
It covers theoretical modeling, technology development, biomedical studies, and clinical applications pertaining to optics, photonics, and imaging in the life sciences.
Melanoma Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins since 1991.
It continues in series from Hospital Therapy and the earlier Drug Therapy.
The Brazilian Society of Chemistry publishes other chemistry journals with the titles Química Nova and Química Nova na Escola.
Trends is a series of scientific journals owned by Elsevier that publish review articles in a range of areas of biology.
Its ISSNs are ISSN 1442-9985 for the print edition, and ISSN 1442-9993 for the online edition.
BMC Genomics is an open-access scientific journal covering all areas of genomics and proteomics.
Early Childhood Research Quarterly is an academic journal providing current research in the field of early childhood education and development that was established in 1986.
It was founded in 2001, is published by Florida Atlantic University, and is indexed by Mathematical Reviews.
It was established in 1995 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.082.
Asian Perspectives: The Journal of Archaeology for Asia and the Pacific is an academic journal covering the history and prehistory of Asia and the Pacific region.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.895, ranking it 4th out of 22 journals in the category "Ornithology".
Paul Gellert, Dept of Sociology, University of Tennessee, USA
The founding editor-in-chief is William H. Greene.
However, as the journal's editorial "perspective" coalesced, Fromm became—in the words of David Gable—disenchanted with the "exclusive viewpoint [that] came to dominate" it.
Its general editor is David M. Morris.
Articles in Anticancer Research are regularly indexed in all bibliographic services.
Aquatic toxicology is a multidisciplinary field which integrates toxicology, aquatic ecology and aquatic chemistry.
Water SA publishes refereed, original work in all branches of water science, technology and engineering.
Article types published are research and review articles, technical notes, and commentaries.
It is abstracted and indexed in EI-Compendex, Engineering Index, and Scopus.
The Texas Review of Entertainment & Sports Law is a student-edited biannual law review at the University of Texas School of Law.
Ion Exchange Letters is an open access scientific journal.
The aim of Natural Product Research is to publish important contributions in the field of natural product chemistry.
The Editor-in-Chief of CJHS is Terry Humphreys.
Content includes papers on organizational change, organizational climate, teamwork, motivation, innovation, leadership, bullying, stress in the workplace, burnout, job satisfaction, job design, selection and training.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.569.
It changed to three issues per year in 1977 but returned to quarterly publication in 1992.
Publication was interrupted in 1945 and 1946.
These treatments are searchable in eFloras on names and various other information.
ClinicoEconomics and Outcomes Research is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal focusing on covering the economic impact of health policy and health systems organization.
Coverage includes the contributions and works of American authors.
In January 2004 Dr Richard Groves and Dr Steven R Feldman became editors.
International Abstracts in Operations Research is an official publication of the International Federation of Operational Research Societies.
The journal is accompanied by an annual CD/DVD that collects audio and video work by various electronic artists.
The Vermillion Literary Project Magazine is an award-winning American literary magazine distributed by the University of South Dakota.
Girlhood Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2008 by Jackie Kirk and published by Berghahn Books.
The journal has 5 sections: Combinatorial/ Medicinal Chemistry, Chemo/Bio Informatics, High Throughput Screening, Pharmacognosy, and Laboratory Automation.
It was established in 2000 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
Translational Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Nature Publishing Group.
Current Allergy and Asthma Reports is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles pertaining to allergy and asthma.
This journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.138.
The IEEE Sensors Journal is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal, covering research on sensors.
The Journal of Religion is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press founded in 1882 as The American Journal of Theology.
was established in 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the British Educational Leadership, Management & Administration Society.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus.
The journal's board of trustees is not aligned with any national, political, or professional association.
Adoption & Fostering is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on adoption and foster care.
Guy's Hospital Reports was a medical journal of clinical practice that was published by Guy's Hospital of London from 1836 to 1974.
JCDA, the Journal of the Canadian Dental Association, is a bimonthly peer-reviewed dental journal published by the Canadian Dental Association.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 6.306.
The ZEFQ - Zeitschrift für Evidenz, Fortbildung und Qualität im Gesundheitswesen is a bilingual German and English language peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier Germany.
The Open Ecology Journal is an open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering ecology.
It was established in 1995 as the Chinese Journal of Integrated Traditional and Western Medicine, obtaining its current name in 2003.
Its scope encompasses a wide range of languages treated from a multidisciplinary point of view.
The first issue of the journal was published and distributed by the Philosophy Department at Trinity College, Dublin.
The Revue de Médecine Interne is a French medical journal that covers research in internal medicine.
It gave voice to the publisher's religious, social, and reforming opinions, and is credited with establishing him as one of the fathers of Urdu fiction.
It covers research on all aspects of mass spectrometry.
It covers all aspects of clinical pharmacology and drug therapy in humans.
Specific topics addressed in previous articles include politics, aesthetics, epistemology, curriculum and ethics, and historical aspects of the foregoing.
It is published quarterly by the MIT Press.
The concept of Living Reviews takes advantage of web-based electronic publishing and allows authors to update their articles with the latest developments and research findings.
Kai Larsen was one of the advisors for the series.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 16.796.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2014 impact factor is 1.207, ranking it 4th out of 30 journals in the category "Engineering, Aerospace".
Coverage encompasses required materials as well as suitable manufacturing tools, technologies, and methodologies.
Work that has appeared in Folio was short-listed for the Pushcart Prize multiple time in the 1980s.
In addition to articles, the Journal of Human Values publishes book reviews.
It is an official journal of the International Council for Research and Innovation in Building and Construction.
Special issues are occasionally published on topics of current philosophical interest.
It was established in 1994 and is published biannually by the Association d'Histoire des Sociétés Rurales.
Teaching of Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology.
The journal covers biological and physical sciences, mathematics and computer science, history, culture, and philosophy of science, and science education.
Each topic includes a short essay introducing the topic, with suggested further readings, and a PowerPoint lecture with handouts.
Ingenta is the electronic provider for Pacific Affairs′ online subscriptions.
It publishes articles in English, focusing on ethics and related fields.
The journal is published by Cambridge University Press and its current editor is Christopher Clapham from the University of Cambridge.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded and Current Contents/Physical, Chemical & Earth Sciences.
SAGE Publications became the publisher in September 2016.
It is based in Lincoln, Nebraska and was first published in 1926.
It is published by the Ohio State University Press on behalf of the Association for the Study of Higher Education.
The publication is affiliated with Societas Magicas, an organization of scholars interested in magic.
It is published by Wiley-VCH and the editor-in-chief is Ulrich Stimming.
The open access journal is edited by Paul A. Taylor and David Gunkel and publishes non-English original articles and/or translations.
The journal was established in 2005 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
Linguistic Inquiry is a peer-reviewed academic journal in generative linguistics published by the MIT Press since 1970.
Its 2009 MCQ was 0.47, and its 2009 impact factor was 0.455.
It was edited from 1896 to 1904 by Sir James Galloway.
It was established in 1972 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for Research on Nonprofit Organizations and Voluntary Action.
TDR:The Drama Review was founded in 1955 by Robert W. Corrigan as the "Carlton Drama Review".
The journal is based in Cambridge, MA.
Quaerendo is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to manuscripts and printed books in Europe, with a focus on the Low Countries.
The current Editor is Gordon W. F. Drake.
It was established in 1922 and publishes articles on pure mathematics.
It is the official journal of the Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons and the European Association for Endoscopic Surgery.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2013 impact factor is 1.028, ranking it 129th out of 333 journals in the category "Economics".
The current editors are Christoph Rohde, Christian Schurig, and Hans-Ulrich Wagner.
The journal includes project reports, case studies, and science book reviews authored by high school students.
Accounting, Organizations and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by ScienceDirect.
The journal publishes review articles, original articles, short communications, and letters to the editors.
Lastly, the journal publishes modern variational methods in mechanics in general.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 1.979.
The American Sociological Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of sociology.
It is published in English by Routledge and is based at the Tromsø University Museum and University of Tromsø.
It was established in 1965 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the University Council for Educational Administration.
The compilation of PDF files from issues dating back to 1953 was funded by the New Zealand Government's Terrestrial and Freshwater Biodiversity Information System.
Institute for Quality and Efficiency in Healthcare,
reviews and review articles on books, novels and plays written in English on Asian topics
The journal's editor is Professor Garry Walter.
The journal's editor is W. Bruce Walsh.
It publishes papers in the fields of anthropology, archaeology, mythology and linguistics relating to the cultural history of the Indo-European speaking peoples.
Alexander M. Korsunsky University of Oxford - Editor-in-Chief
Xenobiotica is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes comprehensive research papers on all areas of xenobiotics.
Chinese authors work together with their non-Chinese colleagues from 29 countries.
It covers the interface between chemistry, the "omic" sciences, and systems biology.
Journal of Applied Non-Classical Logics is a peer reviewed journal published in the United Kingdom by Taylor & Francis.
Currently, Harminder Dua and Arun Singh act as editors-in-chief.
Articles published in Royal Society Open Science are regularly covered in the mainstream media, such as BBC News and The Independent newspaper.
It covers research on the conceptual foundations of human rights and social justice in relation to health.
Writers published in the journal have included Václav Havel, the Dalai Lama, and Zbigniew Brzezinski.
At present, articles are accompanied on the publisher's web site by computer code and illustrative data sets for the sake of reproducible research.
The journal was first published in spring of 1948.
El Iris was a short-lived periodical that was published between February and August 1826 in the newly independent Republic of Mexico.
It was established in 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The founding editor-in-chief was Weijian Shan and the current editor is Belton M. Fleisher.
The American Criminal Law Review is a student-edited scholarly journal published at Georgetown University Law Center.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 4.151.
It is a partner of the European Public Relations Education and Research Association and is the preferred publishing partner of the Chartered Institute of Public Relations.
The journal is abstracted and indexed by MEDLINE/Pubmed.
The Asia-Pacific Journal of Public Health is a quarterly peer-reviewed public health journal published by Sage Publications.
The journal was established in 2003, when it replaced the journal Qüestiió.
The journal was established in 2013 as a quarterly, moving to bimonthly in 2014.
Analytical Abstracts is a current awareness and information retrieval service for analytical chemistry, published by the Royal Society of Chemistry in Cambridge, United Kingdom.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.972.
The Leibniz Review is sponsored by the Leibniz Society of North America and is produced at Ohio State University in Mansfield, Ohio.
Argumentation and Advocacy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Forensic Association, edited by Harry Weger of the University of Central Florida.
The journal publishes original research pertaining to cell motility and cytoskeletons, spanning genetic and cell biological observations, biochemical, biophysical and structural studies, mathematical modeling, and theory.
Nature Communications is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group since 2010.
The Auk: Ornithological Advances is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official publication of the American Ornithologists' Union.
It publishes commentary articles, written by a board of contributing editors, and brief topical reviews.
The current editors-in-chief are Dean María E. Fránquiz from the University of Utah and Emeritus Professor Alba Ortiz from the University of Texas at Austin.
The journal focuses on development problems with special reference to the Third World and Southern Africa.
It was then moved to Akron University and was edited by Wallace Sterling.
The journal was established in 1992 and edited by Alan Holland until 2007 when Clive L. Spash became editor-in-chief.
Social Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in social neuroscience.
The current editor is Terry L. Wilder.
The SCMS Journal of Indian Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the School of Communication and Management Studies.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 23.533.
It covers research in the area of public health and related biomedical or technical subjects, with particular relevance to the Eastern Mediterranean region.
Environmental Monitoring and Assessment, first published in 1981, is a weekly, peer reviewed, scientific journal published by Springer.
Seyla Benhabib is a co-founding former editor and Nancy Fraser a former co-editor.
Comprehensive analysis of leading perimeter intrusion detection technologies in the industry
Current and past issues are available free of charge.
The journal was established in 2007, sponsored by the National Foreign Language Resource Center, and published by the University of Hawaii Press.
The journal was established in 2007 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
It was established in 1993 and its scope covers applications of ionizing radiation and radionuclides.
The journal includes full length and mini reviews, original articles, book reviews, announcements and reports, abstracts of important meetings, and letters to the editor.
The Journal de Mathématiques Pures et Appliquées is a French monthly scientific journal of mathematics, founded in 1836 by Joseph Liouville.
Psychoanalysis and History is a peer-reviewed academic journal published biannually in January and July by Edinburgh University Press.
Vedi Hadiz, Asia Institute, University of Melbourne, Australia
Veterinary Parasitology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the discipline of veterinary parasitology.
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin is a scientific journal published monthly published by SAGE Publications for the Society for Personality and Social Psychology.
It was first published in June 2005.
It was established in 1841 and is the oldest periodical in early Germanic studies still publishing.
Paragraph is a peer reviewed academic journal that publishes essays and review articles which explore critical theory and its application to literature, other arts, and society.
The International Journal of Innovation and Technology Management was launched in 2004 and is published by World Scientific.
The fifth issue focuses on comparative literature.
In 1951 the proceedings officially split into three journals, keeping the same name but distinguished from each other by being in separate series.
The journal was established in 1999 and the editor-in-chief is John Barrett.
The Journal of Inflammation Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on inflammation.
The Journal of Fish Biology covers all aspects of fish and fisheries biological research, both freshwater and marine.
In the Web of Science bibliographic database the journal is included into two categories:
The journal is supported in part by advertising.
The journal is devoted to articles on detection, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of colorectal, pancreatic, liver, and other gastrointestinal cancers.
Universum is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in social sciences and humanities of Latin America.
It focuses on issues of interest to the Churches of Christ and other groups associated with the Restoration Movement more generally.
The journal commenced publication in the spring of 1980 as a quarterly periodical.
Kwartalnik Historyczny is a Polish history journal.
The journal is published by Informa and the Editor-in-Chief is Giuseppe Tonini, Director of Medical Oncology, University Campus Bio-Medico,.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.329.
It was established in 2008 and is published by SAGE Publications.
The Middle East Report is a magazine published by the Middle East Research and Information Project.
It was initially published by Springer-Verlag Hong Kong Ltd.
The editor-in-chief is Shing-Tung Yau of Harvard University.
A complete and up-to-date index in Microsoft Excel format is available online.
It is published by the students of Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States.
It covers South Carolina law and commentary on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Scholarly or reflective articles at appropriate levels
Innate Immunity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering innate immunity in humans, animals, and plants.
The journal was the recipient of the 2008 AAP/PSP Prose Award for Best New Journal in Social Sciences and Humanities.
The editorial office is located at the Warsaw University Observatory.
It is published by De Gruyter Open and the editor-in-chief is Zbigniew Darzynkiewicz.
Submissions are accepted year-round, and simultaneous submissions are permitted.
Publication was suspended during the First World War, resuming again only in 1921.
It publishes review articles on topics of interest in statistics.
For the following 18 years, the journal’s academic home remained Hamline University, while the name of the journal changed to Middle East Critique in 2009.
The impact factor of this journal is 2.233.
All registered members of the Society shall receive all notices and free publications of the Society, and may attend general meetings and congresses of the Society.
Since 1965 the journal is published in two series A and B.
The British volume was published by The British Editorial Society of Bone and Joint Surgery, a registered charity in the United Kingdom.
The aim of the journal is to enable fast dissemination of results in the field of information processing in the form of short papers.
The Journal of Applied Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Applied Philosophy and edited by Suzanne Uniacke.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 3.17, ranking it 6th out of 77 journals in the category "Geography".
Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering behavioral neuroscience published by Elsevier.
Surgical Neurology International is a bimonthly peer-reviewed open access medical journal that was established in 2010 and is published by Medknow Publications.
From 1994 through 1999, BMCR received support from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation through a project which studied the growth and functionality of e-journals.
It publishes information in the fields of anthropology and applied anthropology.
It was established in 1958 as Arthritis & Rheumatism and obtained its current name in 2014.
It is the English edition of the Russian journal "Kvantovaya Elektronika".
The senior editors are Raymond B. Waddington and Merry Wiesner-Hanks.
It is published since 1979 and appears in two issues per year.
The journal specializes in evolution in the broadest sense including all taxonomic groups in all the five kingdoms.
Clinical Lymphoma, Myeloma & Leukemia is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier.
The Journal of Second Language Writing is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the fields of linguistics and language education.
Victorian Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Indiana University Press.
Web-published work will be collected in print issues.
The editor in chief is David Hancock.
It covers research on all aspects of organ transplantation.
All such proposals are invited to be sent to the journal's editorial office.
The journal is also linked to the journal Body & Society and has its own book series featuring the work of theorists.
It was established in 1665, making it the first journal in the world exclusively devoted to science, and therefore also the world's longest-running scientific journal.
Agenda is a literary journal published in London and founded by William Cookson.
Angewandte Chemie is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Wiley-VCH on behalf of the German Chemical Society.
The Journal of Mechanics in Medicine and Biology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 2001 and is published by World Scientific.
It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The journal began in 1973 as Estuarine and Coastal Marine Science before the name was changed in 1981.
The journal includes work on non-literary figures and topics—anything that appeared during, impinges upon, or is of interest to Romanticists.
The Journal of Environmental Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier since 1980.
Behavioral Sciences & the Law is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the intersection of the law and behavioral sciences.
It is the official journal of the Mycological Society of Japan.
It is published 16 times per year by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is William F. Shughart II.
This journal is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics.
Its core topics are issues of language policy as well as economic and sociological aspects of linguistics.
The current editor in chief is Tugrul U. Daim.
In 1935, it split into 4 subsections, and expanded with another 2 subsections in 1944.
The journal has been accused of being "broker of junk science" by the Center for Public Integrity.
The Review of Austrian Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
SDU The Journal of Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research articles about economics and administrative sciences.
The Fall 2012 edition introduced its first annual International Science Essay Contest.
It is part of the Expert Review series, published by Informa.
Surgical Infections "provides information on the biology, prevention, and management of post-operative infections."
The articles are indexed and reviewed in Zentralblatt für Mathematik and Mathematical Reviews.
They envisioned the journal to be a platform for academic research to counter anti-Arab propaganda veiled by academic jargon.
The Georgia Review is a literary journal based in Athens, Georgia.
It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Scots Philosophical Club and the University of St Andrews.
The PLG addresses issues especially relating to librarianship and human rights.
The editors-in-chief are Robert O. Friedel and Dwight L. Evans.
The journal has published special issues on subjects including women and war, gender and religion, and the politics of identification.
Feministische Studien is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal, published in German and English, covering on women's studies.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 1.920.
Electrochimica Acta is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of electrochemistry.
It is published by Taylor & Francis and the editor-in-chief is Ronald Ellis.
The Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, established in 2005 by the American Chemical Society.
It then transferred to Greystar Publications with Roy remaining the production editor.
The editors-in-chief are Jianguo Gu and Min Zhuo, who was also the founding editor of the journal.
The Trends series was founded in 1976 with Trends in Biochemical Sciences, rapidly followed by Trends in Neurosciences, Trends in Pharmacological Sciences and Immunology Today.
The Archive of Applied Mechanics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1929 as Ingenieur-Archiv by R. Grammel.
Photographs of weather and attendant damage are used as much as possible.
The Journal of Neurochemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal founded and run by the International Society for Neurochemistry.
It was established in 1968 and is published bimonthly by Elsevier.
It was established in March 1996 and is published monthly by MDPI.
Since 2014, the editor-in-chief has been Naomichi Matsumoto.
Cognitive, Affective, & Behavioral Neuroscience is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on behavior and brain processes in humans.
The journal was established in 1968 and is the principal journal of the Australian and New Zealand Society of Criminology.
From 1992 - 1999 the journal was edited by Jean Fisher.
As a work of the United States government, the WASDE reports are released into the public domain in accordance with U.S. copyright law, 17 U.S.C.
Africa Spectrum is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal concentrating on the analysis of current issues of development in Africa south of the Sahara.
Survey research is often used to assess thoughts, opinions, and feelings.
The journal is published by the global knowledge provider BMJ, a wholly owned subsidiary of the British Medical Association.
The intended audience includes researchers and teachers, students in and out of classrooms, library patrons, and the general public.
The journal covers educational measurement in the sense of both inferences made and actions taken on the basis of test scores or other modes of assessment.
The journal is published by World Scientific.
The editors-in-chief are J. Alberto Aragon-Correa and Mark Starik.
Journal of Futures Markets is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal covers developments in financial futures and derivatives.
The journal was established in 1996, but ran out of money in 1997.
It publishes original research papers and review articles on the application of molecular biology to biotechnology.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2015 impact factor is 2.083 and its 5-year impact factor is 2.292.
Arquivos de Neuro-Psiquiatria is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering neurology and psychiatry.
Topical coverage broadly encompasses planetary physics, geodesy, and geophysics.
SRAM was established by Wallace Sampson and Paul Kurtz.
Much attention is given to the study of the relationship between psychotherapy and the Christian doctrine of salvation.
Unsolicited submissions go through a two-stage review process: a preliminary in-house screening and external peer review.
It publishes research papers, reviews, short communications, IAU reports, and book reviews on all aspects of astronomical history.
It was established in 1917 by anthropologist Franz Boas; it has been published by the University of Chicago Press since 1974.
The journal is published by IOP Publishing, on behalf of the National Astronomical Observatory of China and the Chinese Astronomical Society.
The Journal of Virological Methods is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering techniques on all aspects of virology.
It was established 1880 and is currently published triannually.
The Bulletin ceased publication in 2005 and it was replaced by Socialist Studies/Études Socialistes.
Funded by the Arts Council England, Wasafiri is "a journal of post-colonial literature that pays attention to the wealth of Black and diasporic writers worldwide.
It was established in 2002 and is published annually by the Pontifical University in Cracov, Faculty of Philosophy.
This was a result of increasing popularity and standing in the field.
Amerasia Journal is an interdisciplinary academic journal covering Asian American studies.
Clinical Research in Cardiology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering cardiology.
The principal criteria for inclusion are a paper's quality and contribution to the field of Finance, Accounting and Economics without undue regard to its technical content.
Solid State Ionics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
It was founded in 1993 by Prof. Uriel Rosenthal and Prof. Alexander Kouzmin.
The journal was established in 1981 as the official journal of the Argentine Society of Analytic Philosophy.
It was established in 1939 as the British Heart Journal and is published by the BMJ Group.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 1.897.
It is published by The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy.
Other scholars serving on the editorial board include Touraj Atabaki, Sally Cummings, Bhavna Dave, and Olivier Roy, among others.
It was established in 1982 and is published by Taylor & Francis.
Zeitschrift für Physikalische Chemie is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering physical chemistry that is published by Oldenbourg Wissenschaftsverlag.
PLOS Pathogens is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal containing original articles about pathogens and how they interact with their host organisms.
Its 2009 MCQ was 0.34, and its 2009 impact factor was 0.523.
The party agrees on some proposed policies and programmes, with a view to promoting the collective good or furthering their supporters' interests.
Both Europe-Asia Studies and Soviet Studies are available online with subscription via JSTOR from 1949 onwards.
The journal appears quarterly in January, April, July, and October.
It has been in publication since 1990 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The journal was established in 1977 and covers aspects of disaster studies, policy and management.
The society also publishes Education in Chemistry, a news magazine on the same topic.
Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems was established in spring 1998 under founding editor-in-chief Katia Sycara.
It was established in 1998 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Since 2007, the journal publishes its abstracts in Chinese and Spanish in addition to English.
The current editors-in-chief are Robert Hassan, and Hartmut Rosa.
Since 2004 it is known under its current name.
The first two volumes were published by the J. Kramer Verlag, followed by Swets & ZEITLINGER N.V..
It is published by Informa and the editor-in-chief is Dimitri P. Mikhailidis.
Systematic Entomology is a scientific journal covering the field of systematic entomology, published by the Royal Entomological Society of London.
Psychotherapy and Psychosomatics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering psychotherapy and psychosomatic medicine.
Articulo publishes thematic issues, book reviews and conference proceedings.
The Indian Journal of Palliative Care is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Palliative Care.
The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality is a peer-reviewed, scholarly journal focusing on the medical, psychological, social, and educational aspects of human sexuality.
The journal is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Indian Council of Social Science Research.
It is the highest impact factor journal in the category "Dermatology" for 2013, according to the Journal Citation Reports.
For many years it was the official organ of the international women's socialist movement.
Its enthusiastic reception by many prominent business figures has created high levels of interest in a technique which promises big rewards for co-operating partners.
The journal's editors-in-chief are Dominic Abrams and Michael Hogg.
The journal publishes articles on the subject of pharmacognosy, natural products, and phytochemistry and is indexed with CASPUR, EBSCO, ProQuest, and Scopus.
Journal of Exotic Pet Medicine is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier in cooperation with the Association of Exotic Mammal Veterinarians.
It is the official journal of the International Society of Gynecological Endocrinology.
The editors-in-chief are Marcus E. Green and Serap Kayatekin.
The Institute was founded in 1921 by A. F. Pollard.
Appraisal content will remain only available with a subscription.
The journal is published in print form, but also forms part of the electronic collection Project MUSE.
The architecture of the British Isles is a major theme of the journal, but articles can consider all places and periods.
The Journal of Counseling & Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association.
History and Technology is a quarterly peer reviewed academic journal devoted to publishing papers on all aspects of the history of technology.
Established in 2006 by its founding editors Alan M. Olson and Helmut Wautischer and is sponsored by the Karl Jaspers Society of North America.
It was established in 1988 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Only one issue of the supplement series was published under its distinct title.
The journal was established in 1971 and ceased publication in 2004.
The journal publishes general-interest articles and student notes in eight issues each year.
As of 2013, the editor-in-chief is Emad El-Omar.
The sister journal of the Annals is the Bulletin of the Royal College of Surgeons of England.
The journal publishes 30-40 articles per year and covers work that links economics to issues relevant to contemporary society as well as applications of economic policy.
It was established in 1975 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions.
Vikalpa adopts a broad understanding of management that encompasses the various functional areas within management as well management practice.
The journal is available online from its homepage and from Redalyc and SciELO.
The current editor-in-chief is Joseph F. Camp.
It was published by Pfeffer in Halle and Haacke in Leipzig.
AIDS Research and Human Retroviruses is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focusing on HIV/AIDS research, as well as on human retroviruses and their related diseases.
The Marine Ecology Progress Series is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers all aspects of marine ecology.
The journal covers research findings on the performance of construction materials.
It is published by the University of Illinois Press on behalf of the Council for Research in Music Education.
Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society is a quarterly philosophy peer-reviewed journal published by the American Philosophical Society since 1838.
The founding editor-in-chief is Dr. Hari Singh Nalwa.
It was established in 1904 as the journal of the School of Irish Learning in Dublin.
It is listed as one of the 45 journals used by the Financial Times to compile its business-school research ranks.
It was established in 1947 as a nonprofit organization, and is the oldest university-affiliated periodical in the field.
The Review also manages a regularly updated blog with news, information and reviews about current events in literature and publishing.
It was established in 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Book History is an academic journal devoted to the history of the book, i.e.
It is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the International Endotoxin & Innate Immunity Society and the editor-in-chief is Otto Holst.
The focus of Radiology is research, and other investigations in clinical radiology, and related disciplines.
Convergence, The International Journal of Research into New Media Technologies, is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of communications and media.
It is an official journal of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 1.711.
It was established in 1959 and is published by Elsevier.
The editors-in-chief are Jos van Iwaarden and Giovanni Schiuma.
The International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of criminology.
Studies in American Political Development is a political science journal founded in 1986 and presently published by Cambridge University Press.
Virulence is a peer reviewed medical journal that covers microbiology and immunology specifically, microorganism pathogenicity, the infection process and host–pathogen interactions.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 5.383.
ACIMED is a Spanish language journal of medical informatics published by the National Center of Information on Medical Sciences in Cuba.
It was published in Utrecht until 2007, and is now published in Amsterdam by Elsevier.
The periodical was established as AIPC News by Marcello Catalano in January 1998, at a time when the newly founded AIPC had only around 30 members.
Coverage addresses the generation of molecular diversity, application of diversity for screening against alternative targets of all types, and the analysis of results and their applications.
Its first electronic edition appeared in 2000 on Project MUSE.
Political Geography is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier covering spatial dimensions of politics.
The journal was established in 1988 as Current Opinion in Neurology and Neurosurgery and obtained its current name in 1993.
The Journal of Chinese Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of linguistics, particularly concerned with all aspects of the Chinese language.
The journal is published quarterly by the George Mason University Press.
It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
The first issue included an interview with John Rawls, one of the few he ever gave.
It was established in 2001 as Ambulatory Pediatrics, obtaining its current name in January 2009.
It was established in 1975 and is published by Karger Publishers.
Core Evidence is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal covering research on drug development.
This resource houses computer programs which have been described in the journal.
The journal covers human and social issues such as poverty, privacy, youth violence, social class, and education.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2015 impact factor is 0.900, ranking it =73rd out of 163 journals in the category "Political Science".
Politics and the Life Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was first published in July 1982 with Thomas Wiegele as the editor.
According its website, the journal publishes comments on articles appearing in other economics journals, essays, reflections, investigations, and classic critiques.
The journal's editors are Anne Curzan and Robin Queen.
The journal covers research on cell biology.
The British Journal of Sociology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1950 at the London School of Economics.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in PubMed Central, EBSCO Information Services, the Emerging Sources Citation Index, and the Directory of Open Access Journals.
Health Service Journal is a weekly news print title and website on the British National Health Service, healthcare management and health policy.
The journal was one of the first all-digital publications in Canada.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 9.237, ranking it fifth in the category "Engineering, Electrical & Electronic."
It is an official publication of the Asian Society of International Law and is published by Cambridge University Press.
Former editors-in-chief include Mihajlo Konstantinović, Milan Bartoš, Vojislav Bakić, Vojislav Simović, Obren Stanković, Dejan Popović, Miodrag Orlić, and Danilo Basta.
It was established by the Law and Society Association in 1966 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
The journal is highly interdisciplinary and draws authors from law schools, as well as from economics, psychology, sociology, public policy, and political science departments.
Entertainment and Sports Lawyer is a law review published by the Forum on the Entertainment and Sports Industries of the American Bar Association.
American Journal of Medical Genetics Part C: Seminars in Medical Genetics
The journal is run by graduate students and covers all aspects of education.
The journal has a 2014 impact factor of 3.256.
It was established in January 1990 and published by Blackwell Publishing until 1997.
The journal was established in 1992 and is the official journal of the International Society of Adaptive Behavior.
The journal publishes articles on the subject of Laparoscopic and thoracoscopic surgery, laparoscopic urology and gastrointestinal endoscopy.
Theatre coverage encompasses the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and many other countries.
It is the official journal of the Bioelectromagnetics Society, the European Bioelectromagnetics Association, and the Society for Physical Regulation in Biology and Medicine.
The editor-in-chief is Tony Wilson, an Engineering Science professor at Oxford University.
Griffith Review is a quarterly publication featuring essays, reportage, memoir, fiction, poetry and artwork from established and emerging writers and artists.
It was established in 1950 as the Dental Practitioner and Dental Record, obtaining its current name in 1972.
ACS Macro Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society.
