Initially, AOA debuted as an eight-member girlband that consisted of Choa, Jimin, Yuna, Youkyung, Chanmi, Hyejeong, Seol-hyun, and Mina.
The song and its video received several awards and nominations, including at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
The group's first major release, the EP Ice Cream Cake, was released on March 17, 2015.
Ailee received the Best New Artist Award at the MelOn Music Awards, Golden Disk Awards, Gaon Chart K-Pop Awards and the Seoul Music Awards.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
The 7 Series is BMW's flagship car and is only available as a sedan.
His artistic influences include Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Donny Hathaway, and Sly Stone.
The album's lead single, "All Fired Up", peaked at number 19 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 25 on the Cash Box Top 100.
Geffen now controls the US rights to The Who's catalogue up through It's Hard.
They formed in Louisville, Kentucky, United States, in 1986.
Pitchshifter is a British band from Nottingham, United Kingdom formed in 1989.
Neil's latest album with the Prodigy, The Day is my Enemy is the sixth studio album by English electronic music group The Prodigy.
After releasing projects separately, Skatterman and Snug Brim combined as a group.
Based upon the Citroën C4 II, it features raised suspension to resemble a compact SUV and repositioned door handles to give a coupe like silhouette.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
This passed the previous record of 3.00 million set by the album Distance by Hikaru Utada in Japan in 2001.
He is considered as a style icon in Korea, having won several icon awards.
The Ford F-Series is a series of light-duty trucks and medium-duty trucks that have been marketed and manufactured by Ford Motor Company since 1948.
The Buick Lucerne was a Fullsize luxury car that was made by General Motors.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The current Canadian monarch is Queen Elizabeth II, who has reigned since 6 February 1952.
Indeed, in some markets, there are cars with the front of the South American version and the back of the Chinese version.
Considerable line-up changes had occurred resulting in McComb and MacDonald with Will Akers, Margaret Gillard, Robert McComb and Mark Peters.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
It also reached Number 3 in the UK.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The album peaked at number three on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and sold 21,285 copies in its first week of release.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The cars were designed in-house at the prompting of Lee Iacocca.
It has since been updated to include songs such as "Un Monde parfait".
The song peaked at number one on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
De Nysschen left the company as of August 2014 to become CEO of Cadillac.
The Boeing Model 15 was a United States single-seat open-cockpit biplane fighter aircraft of the 1920s, manufactured by the Boeing company.
It is the successor to the 4-door sedan models of the BMW New Class and is currently in its seventh generation.
Stability was elusive, however, and he was moved again after his Grandmother’s deteriorating health, living then in Cordele, Georgia with other family members.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
With the song, Marie Picasso also scored a Svensktoppen hit charting between 13 January.
The 408 is not slated for the Western European market, and not built there.
Entertainment in 2014, and consists of five members.
Jennifer Lopez is featured in the video as "Selena", though her entire body was covered with charoma key.
Her debut single, "Jerat Percintaan", won the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu and another two awards for Best Performance and Best Ballad.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
According to General Motors, it replaced the Pontiac Torrent which was often sold in the same dealerships prior to GM dropping the Pontiac brand.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
It spawned the single "Wide Open Road" in February, which peaked into the UK Top 30 and Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart.
The engine was discontinued in new vehicles in 2001, but remains available for purchase from Ford Racing and Performance Parts as a crate engine.
Its principal activity is the production, distribution and sale of BMW passenger cars in mainland China.
In 1987, Chrysler acquired American Motors Corporation, which brought the profitable Jeep brand under the Chrysler umbrella.
The Kansas Lottery offers $1, $2, $5, $10, and $20 scratch tickets, plus $1 and $2 instant "pull-tab" games.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
In Canada, the F-Series continued to be distributed by Mercury dealers as the M-Series.
On September 27, 2011 he released his debut solo mini album, Turn Me On with "Yesterday" as its title track.
Before this, the chart week ran from Sunday to Saturday, with the chart date given as the following Saturday.
Marvel Animation Inc. is an American animation production company.
Original Confidence Inc., the original Oricon company, was founded by the former Snow Brand Milk Products promoter Sōkō Koike in 1967.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Each member alternates singing lead vocals, often within the same song, with the exception of Ue-chan, who provides backup vocals almost exclusively.
She made her entertainment debut as a comedian on the variety show Gag Concert in 2010.
From 1983 to 1988 Dodge marketed a sporty two-door K-car with available turbocharger from 1984 on as "the Magnum".
Lexus introduced the first generation, known as the GX 470 in 2002, and subsequently became the third SUV to enter the Lexus lineup.
The Range Rover Evoque is a compact luxury crossover SUV produced by the British manufacturer Land Rover, part of Tata's Jaguar Land Rover group.
The antagonists are commonly characters who have betrayed the protagonist or his organisation, or characters who have the most impact impeding the protagonist's progress.
It received a mild restyle for the 2006 model year.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The "SL" is for Sportlich Leicht and alludes to the long-running SL-Class.
They have participated in many other albums and OSTs.
The firm manufactures and sells automobiles in Canada, and also in the United States and other countries around the world.
The Z07 originally was designed as a styling exercise intended to evoke and celebrate the 1956-'59 BMW 507 and to celebrate the millennium change.
Later in 2011, Park released singles "Demon", "Girlfriend", and "Star", co-starred in the Korean movie, Mr.
VWoA is responsible for five marques: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and Volkswagen cars.
For 1981, the Lincoln Town Car became a distinct product, taking the place of the previous Continental in the Lincoln model line.
The Mitsubishi Carisma is a large family car produced for the European market by Mitsubishi from 1995 to 2004.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
The Pontiac Torrent is a midsize crossover SUV that was produced by General Motors for the 2006 to 2009 model years.
L.A. Woman was certified gold and platinum in several different countries.
Unlike the D3 sedans, the Freestyle/Taurus X was sold exclusively as a Ford.
The 2007 RDX, a crossover SUV, featured the first North American use of a turbocharged Honda engine.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
To generate further interest in the car, a Series III revision came on 29 July 2007 with mainly cosmetic changes.
Additionally, they have released 29 singles and 6 music videos.
Tokumaru's 2010 album Port Entropy was his most commercially successful album in Japan, breaking into the top 40.
In fact, both generations of the GX have been heavily based on the Prado, with updated frontal styling to better integrate with the Lexus design language.
Her second album, Unbroken, was released on Verve Forecast Records on January 5, 2010, and debuted at No.
He has released one solo album, Gallery.
Aside from her group's activities, she has released several solo songs and participated in various OSTs.
The Cadillac STS is a mid-sized luxury four-door notchback sedan manufactured and sold by Cadillac from 2004–2013.
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
He placed seventh on the eleventh season of American Idol.
The following year, the MKS then became the longest domestic production sedan at 205.6 in overall length.
This version was subsequently launched in Europe in February 2009, only in hatchback form and marketed as the 206+.
Though published in the United States since 1901, the Britannica has for the most part maintained British English spelling.
The third generation was launched in 2007.
The Mercedes-Benz W211 is a chassis designation for the Mercedes-Benz E-Class, produced from 2002 through 2009.
It first went on sale in January 2005 for the 2006 model year.
The Maybach 57 and 62 were the first automobile models of the Maybach brand since the brand's revival by DaimlerChrysler AG.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
The Ford Explorer became one of the most popular sport utility vehicles on the road.
As one of the earliest luxury crossovers on the market, the RX has inspired similar competitors from rival marques.
The BMW X6 is a mid-size luxury crossover by German automaker BMW.
The Mercury Villager is a minivan manufactured by Nissan and marketed by Ford's Mercury subdivision for the model years 1993–2002, across a single generation.
The XLR featured its own unique styling, interior, and suspension, and power-retractable aluminum hardtop, along with the Cadillac Northstar engine.
It contributed to the development of electro, hip hop, techno, and bleep techno.
It was founded in 1969 by a joint venture among several companies and design teams.
The company went public in 1956 but the Ford family, through special Class B shares, still retain 40 percent voting rights.
Games using the Apshai engine were collectively known as the Dunjonquest series.
The album was released in Europe by Drakkar Entertainment on 29 May 2000 and in the US by Century Media on 6 February 2001.
They retained Roy Thomas Baker as producer, but drummer Aynsley Dunbar was replaced with Steve Smith, formerly with Ronnie Montrose's band.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
Kubota released his sixteenth album, Gold Skool, in August 2011.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
However, that was under the old EPA standards.
Blackground Records, LLC was an American record label owned by former manager Barry Hankerson and his son Jomo Hankerson.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
The Flex supersedes the Ford Taurus X and Freestyle, sharing their drivetrains and using an updated platform.
Whitesnake's Greatest Hits is a compilation of Whitesnake's biggest hits from the 1980s.
It was built at the NedCar factory in the Netherlands and was primarily sold in the European markets.
After his unsettled youth, the Man he became eventually relocated himself to the Midwest.
It was introduced for the 1998 model year.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Having debuted as a 2007 model in December 2006, the first-generation MKX is a rebadged variant of the Ford Edge.
As support, promotional EP Vánoční koleda with two previously unreleased tracks, followed simultaneously.
Formed in Los Angeles in 1965, the group consisted of Jim Morrison, Ray Manzarek, John Densmore, and Robby Krieger.
h.c. F. Porsche AG, usually shortened to Porsche AG, is a German automobile manufacturer specializing in high-performance sports cars, SUVs and sedans.
The E24 was launched in 1976 to replace the 3.0CS & 3.0CSi.
From MY 1970 to 1974, the second generation Dodge Challenger pony car was built using the Chrysler E platform, sharing major components with the Plymouth Barracuda.
The Continental Mark VI is a full-size luxury car that was produced by Ford Motor Company and marketed by its Lincoln division from 1980 to 1983.
2NE1 was a South Korean girl group signed to YG Entertainment.
In 2008, Ford produced 5.532 million automobiles and employed about 213,000 employees at around 90 plants and facilities worldwide.
The game has been ported a number of times, and inspired several clones, a successful franchise, and adaptations into other media.
This is the discography of South Korean rock band F.T.
The second generation interior has been further differentiated with fewer shared components.
She was the winner of the 1999 Melodifestivalen and subsequently that year's Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Take Me to Your Heaven."
During its first twelve months after first available in the Japanese market, the second-generation Insight sold 143,015 units around the world.
These countries include Russia, Cyprus, Estonia and some others.
On July 29, they made their comeback with "Easily", from their mini album Back to da Future.
Southern Arizona is known for its desert climate, with very hot summers and mild winters.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
Artist each from Cuba, Dominican Republic and United States complete the list.
At the same time, a slightly larger version of the same vehicle powered by a 4A31 1.1 L straight-4, the Mitsubishi Town Box Wide, was discontinued.
As of March, 2013, Gran Turismo has sold 4.22 million units, making it one of the best-selling PSP games.
As of 2015, the Cadillac Escalade is available in every country that Cadillac is available in, except Israel.
British video game developer DMA Design began the series in 1997.
The group's third EP, Russian Roulette, was released on September 7, 2016, along with the title track of the same name.
It gained a similar commercial success to its predecessor, though it couldn't reach the top-ten on the chart.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
Like previous games, virtual avatars of Taylor Swift, Adam Levine, and the band No Doubt are presented in the game.
Absolutely Live was very well received, it charted in the Top 10 in the US and Canada and was certified gold in both countries.
With its British origin, the series contains satire and humour.
L'Arc-en-Ciel is a Japanese rock band, founded in Osaka in 1991.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The tables below list that equipment by type and include some information regarding previously-owned and operated equipment.
It peaked at number 9 on the UK Albums Chart and number 31 on the US Billboard 200.
It is manufactured at Oakville Assembly in Oakville, Ontario, Canada.
From late 2012, the M-Class was also assembled at new plants in India and Indonesia.
The Pilot is also sold in the Philippines.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
The Dodge Avenger made its North American debut in 1994 as a two-door coupe, which was produced until 2000.
Crimes of Passion is Benatar's biggest selling career album, having been certified 4x Platinum in the United States alone.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
In addition, in many countries certification is for shipments of a record to retailers, rather than actual sales.
She is currently the lead singer in the band Halo Circus.
The platform has been designed for front and all-wheel drive applications.
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
The DS 5 is a compact executive car which was designed and developed by the French automaker Citroën and launched the European market in November 2011.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
The Lincoln Mark LT is a luxury pickup truck that was sold by Lincoln.
The album peaked at number one and was certified million.
Deriving its name from a style of limousine, "Town Car" translated in French is the term "Sedan de Ville".
McPhee released her fourth album, Hysteria, on September 18, 2015.
Since 2011, the Delica D:2 name has been applied to a rebadged Suzuki Solio.
The album, like its predecessors, peaked at number one and became certified million.
From October 2016 onwards, Mitsubishi is one-third owned by Nissan, and thus a part of the Renault-Nissan Alliance.
According to the company, Yoojin is planning to concentrate on her education and will study abroad, while Hyeran is on an indefinite medical hiatus.
Jorge & Mateus is a musical duo and one of the most famous interpreters of música sertaneja.
Padilla has starred in the most watch Filipino television programs of the year including Princess and I, Got to Believe and Pangako Sa 'Yo.
The group debuted in July 9, 2010 with the EP Girl's Day Party #1, with the song "Tilt My Head" as their first single.
The Ozzman Cometh is a compilation album by British heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne released in 1997.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
Ford thus reunited the original Rover Company marques, primarily for brand-protection reasons.
Solid State Survivor is the second album by Japanese electronic music band Yellow Magic Orchestra, released in 1979.
It is also Mazda's first mid size SUV, since the Navajo was discontinued in 1994.
On January 13, 2017, Brave Entertainment released a statement announcing the departure of Yoojin.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
Jung Eun-ji, better known by the mononym Eunji, is a South Korean singer, songwriter, actress and voice actress.
L.A. Woman, was the final Doors album with frontman Jim Morrison, who died of undetermined causes in Paris shortly after the album's release.
It is Psy's debut album for YG Entertainment.
In 2016, he landed his first leading role in KBS2's Moorim School.
In 2010, it was ranked the 22nd best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK.
Common side effects include headache, nausea, easy bruising, itching, and heartburn.
The Chevrolet TrailBlazer is a mid-size sport utility vehicle that has been produced by General Motors since 2002.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
This is the first album to feature one-time John Waite bassist Donnie Nossov, who replaced Roger Capps in Benatar's band.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
VIXX is a six-member South Korean boy band, formed by Jellyfish Entertainment in 2012.
The LP sold in excess of two million copies and reached double platinum status, making it one of the most successful debut albums of all time.
After the first generation Envoy was discontinued after the 2000 model year the Envoy nameplate reappeared in the GMC line of vehicles from 2002 through 2009.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
All generations of the E-Class have offered either rear-wheel drive or Mercedes' 4Matic four-wheel drive system.
First was the short-lived M45 sedan, a rebadged version of the Japanese-spec Nissan Gloria.
The third generation, from 1978 to 1983, was a badge engineered Mitsubishi Galant Lambda compact car.
In Europe, "Take Me to Your Heart" and "Hold Me in Your Arms" were released as the next singles.
Wide Awake in Dreamland is Pat Benatar's seventh studio album, and her eighth album overall, released in 1988.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
The Montana name was also changed to Montana SV6.
The commercial success of Super Mario Bros. has caused it to be ported to almost every one of Nintendo's major gaming consoles.
The album peaked at number one and sold over a half million records worldwide.
It was based on the same platform as the Peugeot 206 and Citroën C3.
Ana Carolina Sousa is a Brazilian singer, composer, and musician.
The Lincoln MKS continues Lincoln's three-letter nomenclature for new models, preceded by the MKZ, MKT, and MKX, and followed by the MKC.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
Intended to be Cadillac's flagship sports car, the XLR was based on the Chevrolet Corvette's Y platform.
He chose his stage name from 2 different words that he was inspired by.
Sony Mobile Communications has research and development facilities in Kenya, Africa; Chennai, India; Lund, Sweden; Beijing, China and Silicon Valley, USA.
OnStar assistance and a DVD rear entertainment system came standard on all Relays.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The Evoque is designed to appeal to urban buyers and meet requirements for lower CO2 emissions and fuel economy.
They have currently released seven studio albums, three special albums, and two special edition albums.
The discography of Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota consists of eighteen studio albums, ten compilation albums, two tribute albums, and over seventy singles.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Poison, an American rock band that achieved huge success in the mid- 1980s to mid- 1990s.
Artist each from Cuba, Dominican Republic and United States complete the list.
The album was certified platinum in both the US and Canada.
A third and lowest-priced variant, the Plymouth Breeze, arrived the following year.
In addition, in many countries certification is for shipments of a record to retailers, rather than actual sales.
Mai Kuraki, born October 28, 1982 as Mai Aono, is a Japanese pop and R&B singer-songwriter and producer from Funabashi, Chiba.
He won his first World Series in 2009, which was the first year of the new Yankee Stadium.
She has appeared in 50 films since 1954.
While in her native country she successfully developed an acting career, in the Czech Republic Tobias established herself as a singer of urban chanson.
Following this, She was cast for the 30th anniversary staging of Les Miserables to play the role of Fantine.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
It peaked at number 8 on the UK Albums Chart and number 19 on the US Billboard 200.
Deriving its name from a style of limousine, "Town Car" translated in French is the term "Sedan de Ville".
The group first major release, the EP Born to Beat, was released on March 21, 2012.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
1 in the US and France, and produced their second No.
The sisters have pursued varying solo careers in acting, music and television presenting.
Kubota released "The Baddest: Hit Parade" in November 2011, which peaked at number two.
The album peaked to number 56 on the German Albums Chart.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
They have had over 40 top-ten hit singles and 16 number-one albums on the Japan's Oricon Charts as of 2008.
Based on the first generation Toyota Vitz hatchback, the xA shared a platform with the Toyota Platz sedan.
Change is the 12th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima.
As of 2013, Once has sold 2.3 million copies worldwide, being Nightwish's most successful album to date.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
With Ford eliminating the Mercury division, production of the Milan ended December 17, 2010.
Following their disbandment in November 2016, the group has released their final single "Good Bye" in January 21, 2017 as a farewell gift to their fans.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
RIAA certification as of 1992 is three times platinum, indicating sales in excess of three million copies in the US alone.
All members participated in Mnet's survival reality show MyDOL and were selected via an elimination system through viewer votes.
The company is headquartered in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, near Herndon.
According to Guinness World Records, "White Christmas" by Bing Crosby is the best-selling single worldwide, with estimated sales of over 50 million copies.
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
The album debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart and sold 162,000 copies in its first week.
The F30 also marked the 3 Series' first use of a three-cylinder engine in its 2015 facelift.
Based in Milan, Italy, it is the world's largest eyewear company.
In side impacts the Rainier was given an overall Marginal score with side airbags present.
Starship Entertainment announced on Twitter that he will be getting married in May 2016.
It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011.
Ford began sales of the Focus to Europe in July 1998 and in North America during 1999 for the 2000 model year.
In 2010, it was ranked the 22nd best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK.
The Ford Motor Company is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.
Zanybros also includes the subsidiary companies Astro Digital Lab, a post production company, the specialised camera team Roll Cam and the lighting company Strobe.
Referred to as one of Ireland's great romantic singers, his first album, Because in 1991 reached the top of the Irish music charts.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The album was certified gold in December 1988 and has since gone double platinum.
Oceanborn has sold more than 68,000 copies in Finland.
The Mitsubishi Savrin is a minivan produced and sold in Taiwan by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
High 'n' Dry was reissued on 31 May 1984 with two bonus tracks:
This is the discography of Regine Velasquez, which contains all her albums and singles since 1986.
The car was available in two body types: Sedan and Estate.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
They debuted in 2007 with Cheerful Sensibility.
The sales of singles that are italicized are the compilation of sales in available markets instead of a worldwide sales figure.
K put his musical activities on hold in 2010 so he could complete the Korean mandatory military service.
All MG vehicles are currently assembled in China, and MG Motor is the largest importer of Chinese made cars into the United Kingdom.
Recently there have been increased efforts to modernise and standardise the fleets, with large purchases from China CNR Corporation and Alstom.
The mission of the Lottery is to produce the maximum amount of revenue possible for Kansas, while insuring the integrity of its games.
The third generation eK Wagon and eK Sport were released on June 6, 2013.
They were particularly successful in Japan and won the 1981 Tokyo Music Festival with the song "Sexy Music".
Primarily aimed at the North American market, the Pilot is the largest SUV from Honda and features three-row seating.
With its QX60 crossover Infiniti began to produce vehicle outside Japan.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group 2NE1.
In Japan, it filled a gap when the Honda Horizon was discontinued in 1999.
Kuraki debuted in 1999 with the single, "Love, Day After Tomorrow".
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
The drums on the album were recorded by Kevin Churko, though Tommy Clufetos was credited, as he was touring with the band at the time.
As a result, these tables should not be considered definitive lists of the best-selling records by girl groups in each country.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
Duffy worked with several producers and writers on the album, including Bernard Butler, Steve Booker, Jimmy Hogarth and Eg White.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
The name Yukon refers to the Yukon territory of northern Canada.
The Mercedes-Benz GL-Class is a Fullsize luxury crossover SUV produced by the German carmaker Mercedes-Benz since 2006.
This is a list of the best-selling albums in the United States based on RIAA certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Colombia is one of the largest music industry in Latin America.
The album received several sales certifications including a 4 times multi-platinum from both the Recording Industry Association of America, and from the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The Kansas Lottery offers $1, $2, $5, $10, and $20 scratch tickets, plus $1 and $2 instant "pull-tab" games.
Originally released in its home market of Japan in late 1997 as the Toyota Harrier, export sales began in March 1998 as the Lexus RX.
Assembled in Ramos Arizpe, Mexico and marketed throughout North America, production of the HHR ended in May 2011.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Even before the car's launch in October 2005, the 380 was stigmatised as the "make or break" model for Mitsubishi Australia.
The Enclave replaced both of Buick's SUVs, the minivan-based Rendezvous and the truck-based Rainier, as well as the Terraza minivan.
The 2009 Chevrolet Traverse debuted at the 2008 Chicago Auto Show and the Traverse had arrived at every Chevrolet dealer in October 2008.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
Charlotte Perrelli is a Swedish singer and occasional television host.
The album peaked at number one and was certified million.
From 2008 until 2013, the TSX was the smallest vehicle in the Acura model line, other than the Civic-based CSX sold only in Canada.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
Throughout her career, Geronimo has received 12 Awit Awards, 8 Aliw Awards, 26 Myx Music Awards and a FAMAS Golden Artist Award.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
The second minivan designed by the company, it marked the transition from rear-wheel drive to front-wheel drive layouts popularized by the Chrysler minivans.
The BlackBerry line traditionally uses a proprietary operating system developed by BlackBerry Limited known as BlackBerry OS.
Baroness Léonie Cooreman, known under the stage name Annie Cordy, is a Belgian film actress and singer.
Duffy also won three awards at the 2009 BRIT Awards for her work on Rockferry including Best British Album, whilst Butler was given the Producer's Award.
Mercury is one of the best-selling female Latin American artists of all time.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and produced the group's most successful single, "Light My Fire".
Three tracks were released as singles: "Freewheel Burning", "Some Heads Are Gonna Roll" and "Love Bites".
They returned again in 2000, providing engines for British American Racing.
The second generation, launched in 2007, was sold as the LR2 in North America and as the Freelander 2 in Europe.
The Chevrolet Colorado and its counterpart, the GMC Canyon, are mid-size pickup trucks marketed by American automaker General Motors.
The Lincoln LS was originally available with two models: the LS6 and the LS8.
The first single, "Rockferry" had little impact, whilst the second and lead single internationally, "Mercy", was an international hit, topping over twelve music charts.
This passed the previous record of 3.00 million set by the album Distance by Hikaru Utada in Japan in 2001.
The concept used a 252 hp 3.6 L V6 and a new 6T70 six-speed automatic transmission.
Geronimo is pop music's best-selling artist of all time in the Philippines, having sold more than 1 million albums.
Unlike the 3 Series and 5 Series sedans, BMW has not produced an M model for the 7 Series.
The W219, sold as the CLS "4-door coupe", was introduced as a niche model in 2005, and is based on the W211's mechanical package.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The Ford F-Series has been the best-selling vehicle in the United States since 1981 and the best-selling pickup since 1977.
They did not have a bassist during the recording; bass guitar tracks on the album are played by Terrance Hobbs and Mike Smith.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
The LX is Lexus' largest and most expensive luxury SUV.
She appeared in projects such as ASAP, Bituing Walang Ningning and Sarah G. Live!.
As of February 2014, the 2014 Enclave was the top-ranked Affordable Midsize SUV in U.S. News & World Report's rankings.
The band is known for their innovative punk, rock, and pop meldings of noisy but melodic music in the 1990s.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
In July 2004, Go released her self-titled debut album with the singles "Love of My Life" and a remake of "Don't Cry Out Loud".
Released in December 1979, the song reached number three in the UK in February 1980 and topped the Japanese charts in November 1980.
Show Me The Money is a South Korean rap competition TV show that airs on Mnet.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
It was introduced to Hong Kong in 1991, Mexico in 2004, China in 2006, Russia in 2014 and Kuwait in 2015.
On December 18, 2008, the album was certified platinum by the RIAA, making it Journey's first such certification since their 1996 album Trial by Fire.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Colombia is one of the largest music industry in Latin America.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
At launch, there are the basic models 218d, 220d, 220i, 225d, 228i, and the M235i internationally.
In September 1986, his debut album, Shake It Paradise, peaked at number twenty-two and remained on the Oricon Albums Chart for seven consecutive weeks.
It was released in the United States by Mercury Records.
The Envoy nameplate had previously used by GM in Canada in the 1960s that was sold only at Chevrolet, and Oldsmobile dealers.
It was the brand's first two-seater since the Pontiac Fiero was discontinued in 1988.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
Melanie confirmed in an interview that the group members' contracts had concluded in February 2017 and the group had disbanded.
The album reached number one in Canada, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
In all, the band's CDs have received 14 gold, 10 diamonds, 13 platinum and 13 double platinum.
"Stand Up", their first single, was released in July 1981 from Triffids 6th.
The album features "Shallow Sleep", a hit single released in July 1992.
The Acura TLX is a mid-size luxury sedan manufactured by Acura, the luxury vehicle division of Honda, since 2014.
Hahm Eun-jung, better known by the mononym Eunjung, also known as Elsie, is a South Korean singer and actress.
Honda also offered the larger North American Odyssey in Japan as the Honda LaGreat beginning in June 1999 through 2005.
The album charted at number three, selling over 33,000 copies in its first week of release.
Of the 20 best selling albums in Colombia, Colombian artists dominate the list with seventeen entries.
Park Bom, better known by the mononym Bom, is a South Korean singer.
Plug-in hybrids capture most of these benefits when they are operating in all-electric mode.
Infiniti officially started selling vehicles on November 8, 1989 in North America.
The Enclave replaced both of Buick's SUVs, the minivan-based Rendezvous and the truck-based Rainier, as well as the Terraza minivan.
On February 9, 2009, Tech N9ne's official website announced the duo's decision to leave the Strange Music label after fulfilling their commitment.
"No debes jugar" was released in July 1995 by Telemundo and featured live performances of Selena singing the song in their television show Padrisimo.
Naoto Nakamura, better known by his stage name Naoto Inti Raymi, is a Japanese singer-songwriter.
The MKS is powered by a 3.7 L Duratec V6 engine mated to a 6-speed automatic transmission.
As a solo artist, Loggins experienced a string of soundtrack successes, including an Academy Award nomination for "Footloose" in 1984.
It is BMW's second best-selling model after the 3-Series and in 2010 produced about 50% of the BMW's profits.
The A32 and A33 closely follow the lineage of the J30 Maxima which was produced at the same time as the A31 Cefiro.
The Up won the 2012 World Car of the Year.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
The Alfa Romeo Giulietta is a small family car produced by the Italian automaker Alfa Romeo.
The Pussycat Dolls was an American girl group and dance ensemble, founded in Los Angeles, California, by choreographer Robin Antin in 1995 as a burlesque troupe.
The Mitsubishi Town Box is a kei car produced for the domestic market by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
It is the first Mario platform game ever to be released for a handheld console.
That powertrain was offered in the production model known as the XR.
As of July 2012, Kubota has sold over twelve million records to date.
At the time of its introduction, the Mustang, sharing its underpinnings with the Falcon, was slotted into a compact car segment.
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
He is also a producer of both K-pop and Korean hip hop music.
Over 50% of the state is urbanized, accounting for 9.6% of the urban population in the country while only comprising 6% of India's total population.
From 1980 to 2007, the Lincoln Town Car was assembled at Wixom Assembly, at Wixom, Michigan, alongside the Lincoln Continental, Mark Series, and Lincoln LS.
In support of the album, Rihanna embarked on her first worldwide concert tour, the Good Girl Gone Bad Tour.
The Lexus LX is a full-size luxury sport utility vehicle sold by Lexus since January 1996 having entered manufacture in November 1995.
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.
Cass Daley was an American radio, television and film actress, singer, and comedian.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
Its rising stature as a scholarly work helped recruit eminent contributors, and the 9th and 11th editions are landmark encyclopaedias for scholarship and literary style.
The album became a multi-platinum record and won two Awit Awards.
Her fourth chanson standards collection was titled Do vetra, and launched in December 2010.
Baroness Léonie Cooreman, known under the stage name Annie Cordy, is a Belgian film actress and singer.
Shopping is the first album by InoueYosuiOkudaTamio, the duo consisting of Japanese singer-songwriters Yōsui Inoue and Tamio Okuda.
The first generation Odyssey was marketed in Europe as the Shuttle.
It features an arrangement reminiscent of "Sympathy for the Devil" by The Rolling Stones.
The car was available in two body types: Sedan and Estate.
These are the top 10 best-selling albums in Indonesia, according to physical sales.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
This list doesn't include singles that were released before 1968, and is only from data collected from Oricons retail partners and not the record companies.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
It was released in 2001 on East West Records.
The album scheduled for May, 'What's My Name?
In 1997, the Chevrolet Lumina APV was replaced by the Chevrolet Venture.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
In August 1980 "Fool for Your Loving" peaked at No.
Unlike their previous material, this record saw each member equally contributing to the songwriting and production.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
In the 80's, the band released concert films, and live and compilation albums to much commercial success.
Denise left for a solo career in 1978 and youngest sister Coleen, who had previously made occasional appearances, became a full-time member in 1980, replacing Anne.
The Citroën SM is a high-performance coupé produced by the French manufacturer Citroën from 1970 to 1975.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
It is known as the Mitsubishi Montero in the Americas, and Spain, while in the United Kingdom it is known as the Mitsubishi Shogun.
Gio is a Spanish singer, actor, songwriter and producer.
A second generation was unveiled in 2013 and it was awarded as the 2014 European Car of the Year.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Nonetheless, The Blueprint topped the Billboard 200 and produced Jay-Z's first Billboard Hot 100 top ten single, "Izzo".
This list doesn't include singles that were released before 1968, and is only from data collected from Oricons retail partners and not the record companies.
After two remakes, it moved on to producing original material, along with remakes of non-Castle films.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Toshinobu Kubota has produced six million-seller records and thirty-three Top 40 singles during his career.
Dokken's management struggled to convince the label's executives to give the band another chance and this fight for recognition is reflected in the album's title.
Conchita Supervía was a highly popular Spanish mezzo-soprano singer who appeared in opera in Europe and America and also gave recitals.
With the exception of the fourth generation, all five generations are still sold in various international markets.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Sales of the 301 commenced in November 2012, initially in Turkey, and later in other markets in Western Asia,, Africa, Latinamerica and Eastern Europe.
The 407, along with the larger 607, was succeeded by the 508 in January 2011.
The album was reissued on CD in 2004 by Castle, a subsidiary of Sanctuary Records, with bonus tracks and extensive sleevenotes by Record Collector's Joe Geesin.
They are also the only group to ever have 44 songs on the Oricon Top 100 weekly single chart simultaneously.
Project acts, including Country Musume, Berryz Kobo, Cute, Melon Kinenbi, and v-u-den.
Her sales have been estimated at more than 21 million copies.
Chevrolet waited until 1994 to rebadge the redesigned mid-size S-10 Blazer as the Blazer, renaming the full-size Blazer as the Tahoe.
To counter the artistic criticism of its last two albums The Doors next released Morrison Hotel.
SAIC-GM was founded on June 12, 1997 with 50% investment each from each partner.
In 2011, production of all three Panther-platform vehicles ended as the St. Thomas facility ended production in September 2011.
It was released in the United States by Mercury Records.
It was shown at the Geneva Motor Show in March 2007.
Apink has won more than 30 music awards and 32 music program awards.
The Cobalt replaced both the Cavalier and the Toyota-based Geo Prizm/Chevrolet Prizm as Chevrolet's compact car.
"Fotos y recuerdos", which was also released by Telemundo in July, featured home videos of Selena.
Evil Pimp is an American recording rap artist from Memphis, Tennessee.
The F30 also marked the 3 Series' first use of a three-cylinder engine in its 2015 facelift.
The last of those three, a white GMC Envoy rolled off the line on December 23, 2008, because of the Moraine plant closing.
The remaining 30 per cent is owned by investors in the former Lio Ho Automotive Industrial Corporation, which previously assembled Toyota vehicles.
Johan de Nysschen was appointed to head the Infiniti division in 2012.
The group has held solo concerts in South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, and has also performed in other countries including Australia and China.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
She wrote the music for "Cruise" and "L.A.F.S.," also producing the sound for "L.A.F.S."
She was also a coach in The Voice of the Philippines and The Voice Kids for two seasons from 2013 to 2015.
A second generation was unveiled in 2013 and it was awarded as the 2014 European Car of the Year.
In 1992, Lauper appeared in the English version of Starmania, a French rock opera.
This is a list of the best-selling hip-hop albums in the United States from 2010 to 2019 based on RIAA certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
The 607, along with the smaller 407, were superseded by the 508 in March 2011.
His first single, "Higher", sold gold on digital downloads after only
Elemental was the first new Tears for Fears album in four years, following 1989's The Seeds of Love.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
He is one of the main hosts of musical variety show ASAP on ABS-CBN.
The Live & Loud Tour was the tenth headlining tour by American country music trio Rascal Flatts.
Her debut album, Divý mak, saw its eventual release on BMG Ariola in 2001.
Blackground Records, LLC was an American record label owned by former manager Barry Hankerson and his son Jomo Hankerson.
Nugent is also noted for conservative political views, his lifelong stance against drug and alcohol abuse and advocacy of hunting and gun ownership rights.
These sales figures are therefore neither complete nor definitive.
Cadillac offers a version called the Escalade ESV.
The album features remix version of "Tokyo Maigo", a song released as a less successful lead single in June 1991.
He was formerly signed to JYP Entertainment, where he was the label's first solo rapper.
The group disbanded in 2005, with Maureen Nolan having been a permanent member for 31 years.
A second generation NSX was launched in 2015 and features a twin-turbocharged mid-engine, a nine-speed dual-clutch transmission, and Sport Hybrid SH-AWD.
She is married to French music producer Djamel Ferazi known as Kore, with whom she has a son.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
He expanded the company in 1928 with the acquisition of Fargo Trucks and Dodge Brothers, and the creation of the Plymouth and DeSoto brands.
Ford's former UK subsidiaries Jaguar and Land Rover, acquired in 1989 and 2000 respectively, were sold to Tata Motors in March 2008.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The first generation Pilot was released in April 2002 as a 2003 model.
However, since 2008, the interior is now standardized for all three markets.
In 2011, the Endeavor again featured a 3.8L V6 but upgraded once more to produce 225 hp and 255 lb·ft of torque.
The first single, "Adrenalina", a song that hit the top spot on the Billboard charts.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
Dark Castle Entertainment's name pays homage to William Castle, a horror filmmaker from the 1950s and 1960s.
Veteran singer Mohammed Rafi also sang for them in their film Dangal and Kishore Kumar in the film Ilaaka.
The discography of Myriam, consist of 8 studio albums, 1 Special Edition, 2 album Compilation, 1 EP, ten singles, and two music videos.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
In the U.S., some toys must meet national standards, while other toys may not have to meet a defined safety standard.
Duffy worked with several producers and writers on the album, including Bernard Butler, Steve Booker, Jimmy Hogarth and Eg White.
It peaked at number 185 on the US Billboard 200.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
26 in the US and sold steadily, eventually reaching Gold certification by the British Phonographic Institute and the Recording Industry Association of America.
All TSXs were built in Sayama, Saitama, Japan.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
He has also been in the bands Firedome, Crystal Pystal, Arcade, Vicious Delite, Vertex.
With Amor Prohibido, Selena was considered "bigger than Tejano itself", and broke barriers in the Latin music world.
This prompted EMI to begin marketing Selena as an American pop artist, believing she had reached her peak in the Latin music market.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and produced the group's most successful single, "Light My Fire".
Early X5 models include xDrive50i, xDrive30d, M50d.
She has released 9 studio albums, 2 remix albums, 2 remix EP's and a single.
The Manitowoc Company, Inc. is a Fortune 1000 manufacturer of cranes and, until 2016, food service equipment.
Over their career, they have found success incorporating elements of heavy metal, hardcore punk, pop, funk, hip hop and ska into their sound.
"Save Your Love" also charted, becoming their most famous power ballad at the time, in February 1988.
A lower-displacement V6 model, the GS 250, premiered at the Auto Guangzhou Exhibition in November 2011, targeted at Asian and European markets.
The show has grown in popularity since the first season aired in 2012, and it is credited with increasing the Korean public's interest in hip hop.
In all, the band's CDs have received 14 gold, 10 diamonds, 13 platinum and 13 double platinum.
A facelifted Dion was launched in Japan in May 2002.
In 2015, he released his first solo mixtape, RM.
The stock of new energy vehicles sold in China totaled more than 950,000 units through December 2016.
This stylistic change in direction would be maintained in Stellar's subsequent releases "Vibrato" in 2015 and their second extended play Sting in 2016.
Their official fan club is named Ikimonogakari Fan Class 1-2
The song was released as the lead single from California on April 27, 2016 through BMG.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
The Infiniti marque is not used in Japan.
Young's debut single was a double A-side, "Evergreen" and "Anything Is Possible", released in 2002.
The album was certified Gold by the RIAA and eventually sold approximately 700,000 copies in the United States.
The first generation LX 450, a mid-size SUV, had an inline-6 engine and seats for seven passengers.
The only current Z model is the second generation of the Z4 series.
In 2015, she appeared as a featured artist on Baby K's "Roma-Bangkok", which became the best-selling single of the year.
South Korean R&B singer Lyn has released eleven studio albums, two extended plays, and twenty-six singles since debuting in 2000.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
His hit song "Simpleng Tulad Mo" has won Myx Music Awards for Favorite Song.
After marrying her musical collaborator Masataka Matsutoya in 1976, Arai began recording under her married name and has continued to do so.
The song was also used as the theme song of Japanese television drama series Long Vacation.
During that period, Nakamori always expressed admiration for Matsuda, even humming her songs when both happened to be on the same shows.
The W205 is the first car to use the all-new Modular Rear-wheel drive Architecture platform.
The group won a Japanese Grammy in 1992.
On March 31, 1995 Selena was shot dead by Yolanda Saldívar, her friend and a former employee of her Selena Etc.
The following single, "My First Night Without You" managed to chart in the top 60 in the United States.
This article covers only girl groups from that era and later.
The BlackBerry line traditionally uses a proprietary operating system developed by BlackBerry Limited known as BlackBerry OS.
Several songs from the album have continued to be widely covered and sampled.
The album spawned the top-five hit "Yoru ni Dakarete".
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
An optional EcoBoost 3.5 L twin-turbo, direct injection V6 is also available.
The rear bench is split 50-50, with each section able to be slid forwards or backwards individually.
The first single, "Rockferry" had little impact, whilst the second and lead single internationally, "Mercy", was an international hit, topping over twelve music charts.
Hyundai Motor India Limited was formed on 6 May 1996 by the Hyundai Motor Company of South Korea.
In April 2009 the title track of the album, "Rising Sun", was featured in Fast & Furious, during Paul Walker's opening scene.
It was the brand's first two-seater since the Pontiac Fiero was discontinued in 1988.
Baroness Léonie Cooreman, known under the stage name Annie Cordy, is a Belgian film actress and singer.
Before 1993, Mercedes-Benz offered the same category of car under a non-unified naming structure.
Lee Min-ho is a South Korean actor and singer.
The Toyota Highlander, also known as the Toyota Kluger, is a midsize crossover SUV produced by Toyota.
The list is split between physical singles and digitally downloaded tracks which first became available to purchase in the early 2000s.
BMG/Columbia remastered Departure again in 2006 for European, Japanese and American listeners, adding bonus tracks 13 "Natural Thing" and 14 "Little Girl".
Mercedes presented the SLK II concept car at the 1994 Paris Motor Show, showing off the "vario-roof".
The Doraville, Georgia assembly plant which produced the Montana closed on September 26, 2008.
She starred in such films as My Bestfriend's Girlfriend, You to Me Are Everything, and Panday 2.
As she was beginning to mold her well-known signature R&B sound, sales started to decline by the release of her fifth album Style.
The show has grown in popularity since the first season aired in 2012, and it is credited with increasing the Korean public's interest in hip hop.
Cass Daley was an American radio, television and film actress, singer, and comedian.
The CR-V also is produced in Wuhan for the Chinese market by the Dongfeng Honda Automobile Company, a joint venture with Dongfeng Motor Corporation.
Its success in the US boosted its predecessor, Slide It In, from gold to double platinum status.
The rolling stock currently used on the B line are former Tokyo Metro 300/500/900 stocks, which was used on Marunouchi Line and CAF 5000 stock.
The song's lyrics tells of a fallen relationship in which the protagonist couldn't stand the stalking of her obsessed ex-lover.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Turner stated that, because of this, he was singing in higher keys than he would do normally.
Referred to as one of Ireland's great romantic singers, his first album, Because in 1991 reached the top of the Irish music charts.
The list is split between physical singles and digitally downloaded tracks which first became available to purchase in the early 2000s.
Negative is the 13th studio album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue, released in December 1987.
Early models include sDrive35i, xDrive35i, xDrive50i, followed by xDrive35d in early 2014, and the xDrive40e, a plug-in hybrid variant in 2015.
Park Bom began her musical career in 2006, featuring on singles released by label-mates Big Bang, Lexy and Masta Wu.
The "Yung Gunz" name was later dropped due to a conflict with another group of the same name, but different spelling.
A five-speed automatic was always standard, as was a full-time four-wheel-drive system with low-range gearing.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Sonic the Hedgehog is a video game franchise created and produced by Sega.
The Jeep facility is part of an automobile complex which includes the Toledo South Assembly Plant, home to the Jeep Wrangler since the 1940s.
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. is a Japanese public multinational conglomerate corporation primarily known as a manufacturer of automobiles, aircraft, motorcycles, and power equipment.
In 2003, HMV Japan ranked the band at number 30 on their list of the 100 most important Japanese pop acts.
Before 1993, Mercedes-Benz offered the same category of car under a non-unified naming structure.
In 1985, Diamond-Star Motors was created, further expanding the Chrysler-Mitsubishi relationship.
The antagonists are commonly characters who have betrayed the protagonist or his organisation, or characters who have the most impact impeding the protagonist's progress.
As of July 2012, Kubota has sold over twelve million records to date.
He is a board member of the National Rifle Association and a strong supporter of the Republican Party.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
Charlotte Perrelli is a Swedish singer and occasional television host.
In some markets such as North America, the GS shares the mid-size sedan category in the Lexus lineup with the front-wheel drive ES.
In 2010, it was ranked the 22nd best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK.
Chrysler used the General Motors brand diversification and hierarchy strategy he had seen working for Buick.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
Also available was a high performance, Chevrolet Cobalt SS.
The second-generation RX 300 and RX 330 models went on sale in 2003, with both variants supplanted by the more powerful RX 350 in 2006.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
Akiko Shikata is a Japanese singer-songwriter and composer, who is known for writing music for games and anime.
Higgins, Bradley, Powell and Gifford Noel produced the song.
This is the discography of the South Korean boy band SG Wannabe.
The model name was derived from a combination of the English car and the Greek kharisma, meaning "divine gift".
Duffy worked with several producers and writers on the album, including Bernard Butler, Steve Booker, Jimmy Hogarth and Eg White.
This article covers only girl groups from that era and later.
It was originally incorporated as Sony Ericsson, until Sony acquired Ericsson's share in the venture on February 16, 2012.
After its slow sale, the work was eventually certified Gold by the ČNS IFPI, reaching its peak on the local music chart at number #24.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
Audi has since unveiled a third SUV model, the Q3, which went on sale in the 3rd quarter of 2011.
At the end of 2014, Peugeot launched the new generation of 508, 508 SW and also RXH.
The show, which selected contestants in the age group of 15–35 years determined the winner based on their skill in singing and entertainment.
"Keep Singing" was released as the lead single from the album on 6 April 2016, peaking to number 127 on the UK Singles Chart.
The W126 was initially offered with straight-six, V8, and a turbocharged diesel engine for the sedan.
In 2009, Maureen, Linda, Bernie and Coleen Nolan, reformed for a 25-date concert tour of the UK and Ireland, spawning an album and DVD.
The car was originally scheduled to be called the Acura MSX.
Named after the city of Malibu, California, the Malibu was marketed primarily in North America, with the eighth generation introduced globally.
From October 2016 onwards, Mitsubishi is one-third owned by Nissan, and thus a part of the Renault-Nissan Alliance.
The Lexus GS is a mid-size luxury car sold by Lexus, the luxury division of Toyota.
In the following years, Kubota went on to release the albums United Flow, Time to Share, and For Real?.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
The Peugeot 408 is a small family car produced by Peugeot.
Despite its smaller size, the Seville typically carried the highest price tag among Cadillac's sedan models.
The founder, Gordon McGregor, convinced a group of investors to invest in Henry Ford's new automobile which was being produced across the river in Detroit.
"Make-Up Shadow" was featured as the theme song for Subarashikikana Jinsei, a television drama aired on Fuji TV.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
During Selena's tenth death anniversary her brother's band Kumbia Kings released a remix video of "Baila esta cumbia" in March 2005.
It was released as the second single from the album in October 1996, through LaFace Records.
On July 18, Kim released a limited edition mini-album Meet Me Again dedicated to his fans before his enlistment.
In 1986, she had her first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 in a duet with Peter Cetera, "The Next Time I Fall".
Introduced for the 1997 model year as the successor of the Ford Bronco, the Expedition is the first full-size Ford SUV sold with a four-door body.
2 on the Billboard 200, her highest album entry to date.
For year 3, the children move into the larger main building.
Due to those two events, an entirely new audience, too young to have known of the band earlier, began listening and purchasing the band's music.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
It was a five-door station wagon version of the first generation City/Fit Aria and Fit/Jazz, which was a sedan and a hatchback respectively.
The four-door CTS-V sedan was introduced in 2004, and the CTS-V sport wagon and coupe were introduced in 2010 for the 2011 model year.
In 2011, production of all three Panther-platform vehicles ended as the St. Thomas facility ended production in September 2011.
An optional EcoBoost 3.5 L twin-turbo, direct injection V6 is also available.
Go has performed in musicals as well.
Pariisin Kevät is a Finnish Helsinki-based indie-pop, indie-rock and electronic band founded by Arto Tuunela in 2007.
The game's mid-1980s release served to further popularize the side-scrolling subgenre of the already popular platform video game genre of the early 1980s.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
It was released on 27 March 1984 on Harvest/EMI in Europe and Mercury in the US.
Until 2016, used Peugeot 206 is still in the top 10 of UK's used car sales comparing to the others new models of other brands.
On December 20, 2005, the eK Classy was discontinued.
Madness was preceded by lead single "Kick Me" as well as a string of digital singles released in the days leading up to the album's release.
1 albums and sold more than 100 million records worldwide.
The following year in 1987, Kubota's second studio album, Groovin', debuted at number thirty-three and was certified million.
The word "escalade" refers to a siege warfare tactic of scaling defensive walls or ramparts with the aid of ladders or siege towers.
It has since been released on several compilations and downloads for various platforms, which were also generally positively received.
Subsequent generations diverged to reflect market variations, and Honda built a plant in Lincoln, Alabama, incorporating the ability to manufacture larger models.
The Citroën C6 Lignage formed the basis of the Citroën C6, which was launched in November 2005, five years later than Citroën had originally planned.
One notable feature was the Dakota's rack and pinion steering, a first for work trucks.
During the development of the Edsel, this practice ran in reverse, as the vehicles were derived from Mercury chassis underpinnings.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
As of July 2012, Kubota has sold over twelve million records to date.
In January 1995, he released seventh album, Bumpin' Voyage.
Go has performed in musicals as well.
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
Main rivals are the Land Rover Discovery, Toyota Land Cruiser Prado SWB/LWB and the Nissan Patrol Y61.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Cumulative sales in North America totaled 2,958 units of which 2,874 units were delivered in the U.S.
Formed in 2000, the band consists of Jesse Lacey, Vincent Accardi, Garrett Tierney, and Brian Lane.
The Volkswagen XL1 is a two-person limited production diesel-powered plug-in hybrid produced by Volkswagen.
Chevrolet waited until 1994 to rebadge the redesigned mid-size S-10 Blazer as the Blazer, renaming the full-size Blazer as the Tahoe.
Smithson was dropped from the record label in 2002.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
Since June 8, 2005, Nissan Motors has received 36,000 eK Wagons annually from Mitsubishi, to be sold within the domestic market as the Nissan Otti.
The 350Z entered production in late 2002 and was sold and marketed as a 2003 model.
It has been ranked asa the most economically free state in India by the Economic Freedom Rankings for the States of India.
The two member, Andika Naliputra Wirahardja and Hendra Suhendra, split from the band in 2006.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
Sharing a common platform with the Ford Flex, the MKT does not have a direct predecessor.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
The popularity continued into the new decade with their third consecutive multi platinum selling album Flesh & Blood.
Since July 2009, some assembly operations are also performed in Kaliningrad, Russia by Avtotor.
The Peugeot 207 was a supermini produced by the French automaker Peugeot from 2006 to 2014.
The Optima name is now going to be used for all markets except China, where they will also use the South Korean market name.
L.A. Woman was certified gold and platinum in several different countries.
For the fourth studio album The Soft Parade, The Doors chose to incorporate string and brass instruments into a number of their songs.
He released his first studio album, Simple Sum, independently in 2008 shortly before entering Australian Idol.
NDFI is independent of the government's budget.
For her work in Fated to Love You's OST, "Goodbye My Love", Ailee won Best Original Soundtrack at the 7th Korea Drama Awards.
As one of the earliest luxury crossovers on the market, the RX has inspired similar competitors from rival marques.
while Dodge received the compact Dart based on the same platform.
Rockferry is the debut studio album by Welsh singer Duffy, released on 3 March 2008 in the United Kingdom by A&M Records.
His rendition of the song was released as the second lead single for Artisan in May 1991.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
A total of five singles were released from the album.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The Pacifica was the first jointly engineered product of the 1998 DaimlerChrysler "merger of equals."
The company began an engineering partnership with Mitsubishi Motors, and began selling Mitsubishi vehicles branded as Dodge and Plymouth in North America.
The Royal Challengers Bangalore are a franchise cricket team based in Bangalore, Karnataka, that plays in the Indian Premier League.
They have sold more CDs in the 2000s than any other Brazilian band and are currently the largest sellers of DVDs in Brazil.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
One month after the accident, on 18 October 2015, he fell from the 7th floor of his home to his death.
A series of mergers in the early 2000s added aquarium, bird, ferret, and other specialty products to the company's catalogs.
The following year in 1987, Kubota's second studio album, Groovin', debuted at number thirty-three and was certified million.
The Kansas Legislature passed the "Kansas Lottery Act" in 1987, establishing the Lottery.
It was a commercial success, reaching number-one in several music markets.
It was first published between 1768 and 1771 in the Scottish capital of Edinburgh, as three volumes.
In November 2010, Kubota released his sixth compilation album Love & Rain: Love Songs.
Although the final vehicle of the division was produced in 2011, Mercury remains an active and registered trademark owned by Ford Motor Company.
She made her debut after she won a popular local singing competition show Bintang HMI in 1995 when she was only 16.
The SL designation was first applied to the 300 SL, often referred to as the "Gullwing" due to its gullwing or upward-opening doors.
In China, the Dingo is license-built and marketed as the Hafei Saima since April 2001.
A battery electric version, called E-up, was launched in autumn 2013.
Banda Calypso also plays a mixture of several Pará rhythms as well as Cumbia, Merengtheue and Carimbó.
The Citroën C3 Picasso is a mini MPV produced by the French motor company Citroën since 2008.
The group debuted in July 9, 2010 with the EP Girl's Day Party #1, with the song "Tilt My Head" as their first single.
In the UK, it was the second of four Osbourne albums to attain Silver certification by the British Phonographic Industry, achieving this in January 1983.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
As of 2013, Once has sold 2.3 million copies worldwide, being Nightwish's most successful album to date.
The 405 was the last Peugeot vehicle sold in the United States, on sale between 1988 and 1991, including the Mi16.
"Mabel" is from the Turkish novel Kumral Ada Mavi Tuna by Buket Uzuner.
The Chevrolet TrailBlazer is a mid-size sport utility vehicle that has been produced by General Motors since 2002.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
Chrysler Group LLC remained a subsidiary until December 15, 2014, when it was renamed FCA US LLC, to reflect the Fiat-Chrysler merger.
It was last redesigned for the 2006 model year with a new frame, looking very similar to its previous model.
She is best known as the main vocalist of the South Korean girl group Apink.
A new plug-in hybrid F30 model was also introduced in 2016.
Audi has since unveiled a third SUV model, the Q3, which went on sale in the 3rd quarter of 2011.
As a result, these tables should not be considered definitive lists of the best-selling records by girl groups in each country.
In 2011, T-ara won Best Music Video at the 3rd Melon Music Awards for their number-one single of the year, "Roly-Poly".
Toki no Nai Hotel is the ninth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yumi Matsutoya, released in June 1980.
Although it was partially exported in LHD markets, especially in Europe, Honda Stream is more successful in Japan and Singapore.
All Windstars, Freestars, and Monterey minivans were assembled in Oakville, Ontario, Canada at the Oakville Assembly Plant.
She is a former member of the South Korean girl group Kara.
The song served as the first single for the group's debut extended play, 2NE1, released July 8, 2009.
The following is a list of notable deaths in October 2015.
It was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Nonfiction Series and won a Grammy Award for Best Long Form Video.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
No compilations were released in season 7.
Ford also sold the first generation Escape in Europe and China as the Ford Maverick, replacing the previous Nissan-sourced model.
It was saved by $1.5 billion in loan guarantees from the US government.
Best of Rockers 'n' Ballads is a 1989 compilation album of 1980s hits by the German hard rock band Scorpions.
It was saved by $1.5 billion in loan guarantees from the US government.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The model photographed on the cover is Tracy Martinson.
Because of the massive success "Christmas Eve" gained, the album also enjoyed the long-term commercial success.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
The Peugeot 4007 is a compact crossover SUV, produced for the French automobile manufacturer Peugeot, between July 2007 to 2012.
Modern Times became the singer-songwriter's first #1 album in the US since 1976's Desire.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
Over the years Via has supplemented this initial fleet with new orders and with new acquisitions of secondhand equipment from other operators.
The term SL refers to the marketing variations of the vehicle, including the numerous engine configurations spanning six design generations.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
The first iteration was the M30 Coupe/Convertible, which were rebadged JDM Nissan Leopard.
She is also one of Malaysia's best selling artists, for instance, her album sales alone contributed to 10 percent of Malaysia's total album sales in 2001.
While not the longest vehicle ever sold by the brand, it is the heaviest production Lincoln ever built.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The W205 is available in sedan and station wagon configurations.
Sold from 2009 until 2017 by Mercedes-Benz, the C207 and A207 replaced the previous C209/A209 CLK-Class models.
He also signed with JAY-Z Record label Roc Nation.
Production started in Honda's Marysville Auto Plant.
Victoria's Secret is wholly owned by L Brands, a publicly traded company.
It was the first line in Buenos Aires whose stations had turnstiles and moving stairways.
Month of Parturition is the eighth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, released in March 1981.
Lion & Pelican is the tenth studio album recorded and produced by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue, released in December 1982.
The alphanumeric moniker stands for "Multi-Dimensional luxury".
Kiss has sold more than 100 million records worldwide, including 21 million RIAA-certified albums.
She appeared in projects such as ASAP, Bituing Walang Ningning and Sarah G. Live!.
It is part of the Gaon Music Chart which launched in February 2010.
The BMW F30/F31/F34/F35 series is the sixth generation of the BMW 3 Series range of entry-level luxury cars.
At its peak in September 2013, there were 85 million BlackBerry subscribers worldwide.
All tracks which appeared on the album were recorded at the studios in L.A., owing to a record producer Hidenori Taga's suggestion.
It also reached the Top 10 in France and Italy, the Top 20 in Canada and the Top 30 in several European countries.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
South Korean R&B singer Lyn has released eleven studio albums, two extended plays, and twenty-six singles since debuting in 2000.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
The Ford Taurus X is a crossover utility vehicle that was sold by Ford from 2005 to 2009.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
which became the band's most successful album ever.
The most popular version of the F-Series is the F-150, now in its thirteenth generation.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Scott is referred to as "a friend from the highway", as Journey had supported AC/DC the previous year on their "If You Want Blood" tour.
By July 2009, there were only 5,000 unsold G8s in inventory, with almost 30,700 sold.
The album also spawned the top-charted single "Dance If You Want It", which peaked at number three.
The Dakota has always been sized above the compact Ford Ranger and Chevrolet S-10, but below the full-sized pickups such as Dodge's own Ram.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
In Germany the album debuted at No.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The album topped various music charts, including the Billboard World Albums Charts, while "Dumb Dumb" became their first single to surpass a million downloads.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
The Pilot is sold in North America, while the Honda MDX was marketed in Japan and Australia for several years.
The Pilot is badged Honda MR-V in the Middle East.
VWoA is responsible for five marques: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and Volkswagen cars.
The first generation LX 450 started production in 1995 as Lexus' first entry into the SUV market.
A concept truck was re-badged as the Street Raider and designed by Mitsubishi's California design studio.
No compilations were released in season 7.
In January 2017 it announced a merger with Essilor to be completed by mid-2017, resulting in combined market capitalization of approximately €46 billion.
Although first-year production was planned at 7,000, General Motors apologized to customers for delays and increased production, delivering 10,000 by March 1.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
The first-generation SC was largely styled in California at Calty, and the second-generation SC was mainly conceived at design studios in Europe.
She moved to South Korea in 2010, where she passed an audition and became an artist for YMC Entertainment.
The GS name stands for Grand Sedan.
It received a mild restyle for the 2006 model year.
The brand is named after a species of deer famous for its antlers, that is also featured in its logo.
It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011.
30 on the Billboard Hot 100, respectively.
In Mexico, the Dodge Magnum was a sporty rear-wheel drive two-door car based on Chrysler's M body.
Sony Mobile Communications has research and development facilities in Kenya, Africa; Chennai, India; Lund, Sweden; Beijing, China and Silicon Valley, USA.
It is based on the popular play of the same name.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
Before data was collected electronically, the charts were compiled on the basis of faxes that were sent from record shops.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
BlackBerry is a line of smartphones, tablets, and services originally designed and marketed by Canadian company BlackBerry Limited.
Toshinobu Kubota has produced six million-seller records and thirty-three Top 40 singles during his career.
Tomorrow is the second album by rock band SR-71 featuring the Top 30 hit "Tomorrow".
Kanjani Eight is a seven-member Japanese boy band from Japan's Kansai region.
The LX name stands for "Luxury Crossover".
B'z is one of the best-selling music artists in the world and the best-selling in their native Japan, having released 46 consecutive No.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
The show has grown in popularity since the first season aired in 2012, and it is credited with increasing the Korean public's interest in hip hop.
The first was the Cadillac Allanté, produced from 1987 to 1993.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Kansas' newest draw game is the multi-state Lucky for Life, whose earliest version was a Connecticut-only game.
Show Me The Money is a South Korean rap competition TV show that airs on Mnet.
It gave Astley another hit single in the ballad "Cry for Help" which became a Top 10 in both the UK and US.
The GS name stands for Grand Sedan.
This is the discography of South Korean hip hop group Epik High.
Ford Motor Company is an American automaker and the world's fifth largest automaker based on worldwide vehicle sales.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
The discography of Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota consists of eighteen studio albums, ten compilation albums, two tribute albums, and over seventy singles.
The name was derived from Dionysus, the Greek god of wine and joy.
CL, Bom, Dara, and Minzy make up the quartet.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
SAIC Volkswagen is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Anting, China and a joint venture between Volkswagen Group and SAIC Motor.
Their fifth member, Soyul left the group in 2017.
It was built at the NedCar factory in the Netherlands and was primarily sold in the European markets.
In its first generation, it was available either as an eK Wagon, eK Sport, eK Classy or eK Active.
Evil Pimp is an American recording rap artist from Memphis, Tennessee.
In 2009, Maureen, Linda, Bernie and Coleen Nolan, reformed for a 25-date concert tour of the UK and Ireland, spawning an album and DVD.
While not the longest vehicle ever sold by the brand, it is the heaviest production Lincoln ever built.
Their second single, "Local Boy in the Photograph", charted at number fifty-one on the UK Singles Chart and has since been viewed as a classic.
Since 1999, Nissan has been part of the Renault–Nissan Alliance, a partnership between Nissan and French automaker Renault.
It also controls VW Credit, Inc., Volkswagen's financial services and credit operations.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
In Iowa, he settled down and began working intently on his musical career, exploring the electronic keyboard; making samples and sounds… and developing his unique style.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
Theodore Anthony Nugent is an American musician and political activist.
CL, Bom, Dara, and Minzy make up the quartet.
The first generation LX 450 started production in 1995 as Lexus' first entry into the SUV market.
It was released online as a digital single on September 10, 2013 through Starship Entertainment.
Flexibility in power demand, diverse usage patterns and storage capability of PHEVs grow the elasticity of residential electricity demand remarkably.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
His first studio album, Press it, charted at number one on the Gaon Album Chart.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
Two songs "Gogatsu no Wakare" and "Make-Up Shadow" were released as a single prior to the album, and the latter became a massive hit.
However, in 2014 an "M Performance" option became available for the 7 Series.
On March 9, 1997, Wallace was killed by an unknown assailant in a drive-by shooting in Los Angeles.
When Joel Silver moved his office to Universal, he took Dark Castle, and the film, with him.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The Lottery also offers the terminal-based games Powerball, Mega Millions, Hot Lotto, Super Kansas Cash, Pick 3, 2by2, Keno, and Kansas Hold'Em.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
The last generation of the CL was actually heavier than the S.
Hunch is the tenth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, released in March 1983.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
Mad Clown is known for his sharp, high tone rapping.
However their reports and charts are only available to industry insiders and are not available to the general public.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
In 2014 Mercedes officially ceased using the CL-Class designation, instead moving the segments' vehicle naming back to the S-Class Coupe/Convertible label.
The company began to sell the car in other European markets in March 2009.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Project that specialises in upbeat, pop-oriented music coupled with dance performance.
In 2016, it was announced that new helicopters will be purchased and also an aeroplane.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
"Going Crazy") is a song recorded by South Korean singer Song Ji-eun.
This edition is highly sought after by collectors and in 2012 a copy was sold for $1137.23 on eBay.
Foster & Smith, Inc. is an American mail order and e-commerce pet supply corporation based in Rhinelander, Wisconsin.
All GX production has occurred at the Tahara plant in Japan, alongside the Toyota Land Cruiser Prado.
The album peaked at number three on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and sold 21,285 copies in its first week of release.
As in previous iterations, the W221 S-Class is sold in standard and long-wheelbase versions; I4, V6, V8, V12, diesel and hybrid powertrains are offered.
Rostock is on the Warnow river; the district of Warnemünde 12 kilometres north of the city centre is directly on the Baltic Sea coast.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The series also has elements of the earlier beat 'em up games from the 16-bit era.
The album received several sales certifications including a 4 times multi-platinum from both the Recording Industry Association of America, and from the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The third-row bench folds flat but did not fold entirely into the floor.
Despite this, The Soft Parade became the band's fourth straight Top 10 album and it produced their third most successful single, "Touch Me".
In 2004 while still based in New York, Juju released her debut single with Sony Music Entertainment Japan, "Hikari no Naka e".
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
He was also featured in Master of Study and To the Beautiful You.
The follow up albums also performed well on the charts, with the 1989 release Love Goes On... lingering on the Oricon Albums Chart for four years.
The song was labeled as a "bridge between their old style and their [...] new one", because of the heavy use of auto-tune.
The album peaked at number three on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and sold 21,285 copies in its first week of release.
Main competitors of the CL-Class in the luxury 2+2 coupé segment included the Aston Martin DBS, Bentley Continental GT, BMW M6, and the Ferrari 612.
Madison Elle Beer is an American singer and actress.
Waiting for the Sun was the first Doors album to chart in the United Kingdom, where it peaked inside the Top 20.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Features included a remote starting system, traction control/ABS, electronic stability control, automatic headlights as well as a panoramic sunroof option.
Their fourth EP, Rookie, was released on February 1, 2017, and their fifth EP The Red Summer was released on July 9, 2017.
The song was also a worldwide number one hit, topping the charts in 24 other countries, including the U.S., Australia, and Germany.
The following lists detail the discography of Southern All Stars.
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety has praised the Tahoe as one of the best of its class.
As of February 2014, the 2014 Enclave was the top-ranked Affordable Midsize SUV in U.S. News & World Report's rankings.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
Sonic the Hedgehog is a video game franchise created and produced by Sega.
Oricon’s rankings of record sales are therefore not completely accurate.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
Kim Hyung-soo, better known as Brother Su, is a South Korean singer-songwriter and record producer.
As a result, there is no definitive standard for measuring sales.
The single "Is This Love" was reissued to promote Whitesnake's Greatest Hits, and featured the song "Sweet Lady Luck".
He was the lead singer, lead guitarist and principal songwriter of the band Creedence Clearwater Revival.
The album produced a major power ballad hit, "Is This Love", along with the number one hit "Here I Go Again".
Subsequent generations diverged to reflect market variations, and Honda built a plant in Lincoln, Alabama, incorporating the ability to manufacture larger models.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
Her nicknames include the "Queen of Turkish Pop" and Minik Serçe.
Their fourth album Bonamana is listed as the best-selling album of 2010 with 200,193 copies sold, and the repackaged version at ninth at 99,355 copies.
The Doors became one of the most popular rock bands of their era.
The Mercedes-Benz W126 is a series of S-Class automobiles manufactured by Mercedes-Benz between 1979 and 1992.
The latter peaked at number seven on the Gaon Digital Chart, and the album sold over 50,000 copies.
BMW retained ownership of the Rover marque, allowing MG Rover to use it under licence.
The discography of Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota consists of eighteen studio albums, ten compilation albums, two tribute albums, and over seventy singles.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
Doğulu said that he made several songs, including 7-8 which he loved a lot: "It was very difficult to shorten the list to three songs.
The band strived to create a full-fledged rock record, although the music press predicted another grunge offshoot.
For the 2003 model year, the Mercury Marauder was revived, this time as a high-performance variant of the full-size Grand Marquis.
Local governments within each commission's geographic area are members of each commission.
VWoA is responsible for five marques: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and Volkswagen cars.
Illinois was an important manufacturing center during both world wars.
His discography, as a solo artist, began in 2008 and includes three studio albums/extended play, two live albums and several other singles/featured singles.
In 2009, Maureen, Linda, Bernie and Coleen Nolan, reformed for a 25-date concert tour of the UK and Ireland, spawning an album and DVD.
Forming half of the Lincoln-Mercury Division, the brand was intended to bridge the price gap between the Ford and Lincoln vehicle lines.
L'Arc-en-Ciel is a Japanese rock band, founded in Osaka in 1991.
The rearmost part of the H2 SUV was modified to a pickup truck bed for the 2005 H2 SUT.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Ministry, an influential American industrial metal band.
A total of five singles were released from the album.
He is a member of the charity football team FC MEN.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
3 on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum in the United States and Canada.
Selling almost 200,000 copies, The Sentimental Chord was the best-selling album of 2007 in Korea.
The 2012 Volkswagen Passat is a mid-sized sedan which replaces the previous-generation Passat B6 in the North American market.
Cadillac introduced the XLR at the 2003 Detroit Motor Show and began production in the 2004 model year — foreshadowed by the Evoq concept vehicle.
The single was promoted with live performances and a music video.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
One month after the accident, on 18 October 2015, he fell from the 7th floor of his home to his death.
In 2000, she won the 25th HoriPro Talent Scout Caravan Grand Prix where she was given her stage name.
It does this by engaging in political, educational, and social activities.
It was available in some European markets as the Opel GT.
Like the other Big Three automobile manufacturers, Chrysler was hit hard by the automotive industry crisis of 2008–2010.
Alan Dawa Dolma, professionally known as Alan, is a female Tibetan singer active in both Chinese and Japanese music industry.
She has since had roles in That Winter, the Wind Blows, Trot Lovers Cheer Up!, in addition to various voice acting roles.
Ikimono-gakari is a Japanese pop rock band from Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The original Explorer had also been involved in controversy, after a spate of fatal rollover accidents in the 1990s involving Explorers fitted with faulty Firestone tires.
Sharing powertrain and many body panels with the 1980 Lincoln Continental, it was based on the then-new Ford Panther platform.
In 2009, Maureen, Linda, Bernie and Coleen Nolan, reformed for a 25-date concert tour of the UK and Ireland, spawning an album and DVD.
After the contract with Victor Entertainment, the band released their top-ten charting debut single "Katte ni Sindbad" in 1978.
The name of the series references the term used in the US for motor vehicle theft.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
For the fourth studio album The Soft Parade, The Doors chose to incorporate string and brass instruments into a number of their songs.
It was founded by Henry Ford and incorporated on June 16, 1903.
As of 2015, Noah has sold more than 9 million albums in Indonesia only and is recognized as the best selling alternative pop/rock band.
Chevrolet waited until 1994 to rebadge the redesigned mid-size S-10 Blazer as the Blazer, renaming the full-size Blazer as the Tahoe.
He is one of the main hosts of musical variety show ASAP on ABS-CBN.
Introduced for the 2008 model year as a successor for the first generation Liberty.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
He has also been in the bands Firedome, Crystal Pystal, Arcade, Vicious Delite, Vertex.
Shin is also a member of the band Brave Guys, and has released several singles as a solo artist.
The Pilot is sold in North America, while the Honda MDX was marketed in Japan and Australia for several years.
A song became first charting single for him, peaking at the number-three on the Japanese Oricon with sales of 417,000 copies in total.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
In the following years, Kubota went on to release the albums United Flow, Time to Share, and For Real?.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
Recently there have been increased efforts to modernise and standardise the fleets, with large purchases from China CNR Corporation and Alstom.
Rhythm guitarist Alexander Kuoppala left the band during the tours following Hate Crew Deathroll, and was replaced with Roope Latvala of Stone fame.
It became a successful European hit, reaching number 1 in seven countries, including Germany and Sweden, following up the success of his debut single.
The first number-one song on the Oricon Singles Chart was "Kitaguni no Futari" by Jackey Yoshikawa and his Blue Comets on November 2, 1967.
This list was made public in a prime-time nationwide broadcast on M6 on February 6, 2004.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
Gran Turismo has held the title of being the number one seller and highest production Polyphony Digital has ever seen.
Officer's Choice commonly known as OC, is an Indian whisky brand which is owned by Allied Blenders & Distillers.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
In the following years, Kubota went on to release the albums United Flow, Time to Share, and For Real?.
She was a member of Kiss Five and graduated member of After School.
The Acura ZDX is a mid-size luxury crossover developed by Honda for its upmarket brand Acura.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
The following is a comprehensive discography of the American singer Tina Turner.
Charles Christopher "Chris" Sligh is an American singer; songwriter and producer who was a finalist on the sixth season of American Idol, finishing in tenth place.
Lyn released her first album, My First Confession, using her birth name 'Lee Se-jin', but in 2002, she adapted the stage name, 'Lyn'.
Melanie confirmed in an interview that the group members' contracts had concluded in February 2017 and the group had disbanded.
This new car had no common components with preceding models.
It was equipped with a six-speed automatic transmission with performance algorithm shifting and driver shift control.
This situation changed when GMC rebadged the full-size Jimmy as the Yukon in 1991.
The first game encompassed three fictional cities, while subsequent titles tend to emphasise a single setting.
The joint venture is made up of equity from - Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Invest, SAIC, with a fixed-term venture for 45 years.
It has been also the ending theme for Sunday Songbook, a weekly radio program that Yamashita has hosted since 1992.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
After playing with the Amboy Dukes, he embarked on a solo career.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
The Doors' third studio album Waiting for the Sun, was regarded as an artistic disappointment when compared to their earlier material.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Whitesnake is the self-titled seventh studio album by British rock band of the same name, released in 1987.
In February 1988, Kubota released "You Were Mine", which debuted at number two.
The BMW 3 Series is an entry-level luxury car manufactured by the German automaker BMW since May 1975.
He was formerly signed to JYP Entertainment, where he was the label's first solo rapper.
The label has helped introduce Brazilian baile funk and Angolan kuduro to clubs around the world.
His artistic influences include Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Donny Hathaway, and Sly Stone.
She has sold more than 7 million units in the country and 1.5 million albums in other Asian countries.
In January 2017 it announced a merger with Essilor to be completed by mid-2017, resulting in combined market capitalization of approximately €46 billion.
The success of the Lexus RX has been particularly strong in the United States, where it has been the best-selling luxury SUV since its introduction.
With its British origin, the series contains satire and humour.
He is a member of the charity football team FC MEN.
The Crown Victoria shared the Ford Panther platform and major powertrain, body, and suspension components with the Lincoln Town Car and Mercury Grand Marquis.
The Dakota is the first mid-size pickup with an optional V8 engine.
The Philippine Labor Migration Policy of the Philippine government allows and encourages emigration.
The XM ceased production in June 2000, and the first C6 rolled off the production line almost five years later.
According to Guinness World Records, "White Christmas" by Bing Crosby is the best-selling single worldwide, with estimated sales of over 50 million copies.
Models were the 645Ci and the 630i, while the highest performance model is the BMW M6.
SAIC did manage to obtain some MG Rover technology that was incorporated into a new line of luxury sedans under the Roewe marque.
Her second album, Unbroken, was released on Verve Forecast Records on January 5, 2010, and debuted at No.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
The global ratio between the stock of all-electrics and plug-in hybrids was 61:39 at the end of 2016.
Gossow left the band in March 2014 and was replaced by Canadian Alissa White-Gluz, while remaining as the group's manager.
The 3 Series is BMW's best-selling model, accounting for around 30% of the BMW brand's annual total sales.
Stellar is a South Korean girl group whose line-up is composed of Ga-young, Min-hee, Hyo-eun, So-young & Jeon-yul.
It was released as a single in April 1990, and became his third top-5 hit as a performer on the Japanese Oricon singles chart.
She is also one of Malaysia's best selling artists, for instance, her album sales alone contributed to 10 percent of Malaysia's total album sales in 2001.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
The 1993 Legend coupé featured Honda's first use of a six-speed manual transmission, mated to a Type II engine.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
South Korean R&B singer Lyn has released eleven studio albums, two extended plays, and twenty-six singles since debuting in 2000.
Aside from their core automobile and motorcycle businesses, Honda also manufactures garden equipment, marine engines, personal watercraft and power generators, and other products.
Instead, the MKT and smaller MKX both serve as replacements of the Lincoln Aviator, as the division moved into the luxury crossover market.
Honda also offered the larger North American Odyssey in Japan as the Honda LaGreat beginning in June 1999 through 2005.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Their first extended play, Reverie appeared in November 1982.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
Yıldız Tilbe is a Turkish pop folk singer of Kurdish-Zaza descent and one of the best-selling musical artists in Turkey, known especially for her eastern-infused ballads.
In the Heat of the Night is the platinum-certified debut studio album by American recording artist Pat Benatar, released by Chrysalis Records on August 27, 1979.
She has released 37 studio albums, 40 singles, 2 live albums and multiple compilations as of May 2013.
Shikata's music is known for its ethnic feel and complex vocal chorus work.
The album was a shift away from the band's heavy metal roots towards more radio-friendly glam rock and hard rock, finding massive mainstream success.
It was the third-best-selling single of 2008 in the UK.
The name Yukon refers to the Yukon territory of northern Canada.
Live from Earth is the first live album by American rock singer Pat Benatar, and was released in 1983.
The discography of Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota consists of eighteen studio albums, ten compilation albums, two tribute albums, and over seventy singles.
The Malibu began as a trim-level of the Chevrolet Chevelle, becoming its own model line in 1978.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
It is considered to be one of the largest spirit brands in the world.
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
GM discontinued the Outlook after the 2010 model year along with the entire Saturn brand.
Japan has the second largest music market in the world.
In 1962, Tokushin music reports was founded and became the leading provider of music sales in Japan.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
While the two vehicles use the same platform, drivetrain and interior components, the Terrain's body panels and standard features differ from those of the Equinox.
The series also has elements of the earlier beat 'em up games from the 16-bit era.
Honda introduced the second-generation Insight in Japan in February 2009 and in the United States on March 24, 2009.
This is the best-selling albums of all time in Colombia.
By January 2001, when production ended, Iran's SAIPA started production of the Xantia.
It was equipped with a six-speed automatic transmission with performance algorithm shifting and driver shift control.
Assault Attack is the third studio album from The Michael Schenker Group, and the only album to feature former Rainbow vocalist Graham Bonnet.
The album was also number one on the "Top 20 Album Sales" with 44,618 copies sold in May and 125,450 sold altogether.
However, they did differ in that the first generation was classified as a mid-sized SUV, while the second generation was classified as a full-sized SUV.
It was released in June 1991, led by a string of hit singles he produced.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The model name was derived from a combination of the English car and the Greek kharisma, meaning "divine gift".
In 1962, Tokushin music reports was founded and became the leading provider of music sales in Japan.
The band was also acclaimed and ranked number one in HMV Japan's 2003 list of "100 most influential Japanese musicians".
It is primarily developed by Rockstar North, and published by Rockstar Games.
"Whenever You Need Somebody" was released as the second single from the album in October 1987.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
There were two available trim levels, 2, 3.
Kansas' newest draw game is the multi-state Lucky for Life, whose earliest version was a Connecticut-only game.
The album was certified gold in that country by the British Phonographic Industry, as well as being certified gold and platinum in several other countries.
Thus, in 1983, at the age of 19, Diabaté was asked to join Bembeya Jazz, Guinea's best-known musical group.
Released in April 1979 on Columbia Records, their first album to feature drummer Steve Smith.
Bark at the Moon is the third studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne, originally released on 15 November 1983.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
Over the years Via has supplemented this initial fleet with new orders and with new acquisitions of secondhand equipment from other operators.
The band's first studio album, The Better Life, was released in 2000.
Mad Clown is known for his sharp, high tone rapping.
The Honda Pilot is a mid-size crossover SUV manufactured by Honda and introduced in 2002.
Mexico is the largest Spanish-language music industry in the world.
To achieve such economy, it is produced with lightweight materials, a streamlined body and an engine and transmission designed and tuned for economy.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
The members of the selection committee, together with the singer and composer Doğulu decided for "Shake It Up Şekerim", a cheerful uptempo song.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
Formed in Los Angeles in 1965, the group consisted of Jim Morrison, Ray Manzarek, John Densmore, and Robby Krieger.
2 on the Billboard 200, her highest album entry to date.
For the 2010 model year, the Endeavor gets another facelift, with newer front and rear fascias.
His songs include "Proud Mary", "Down on the Corner", "Bad Moon Rising", "Green River", and "Fortunate Son".
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
Deriving its name from a style of limousine, "Town Car" translated in French is the term "Sedan de Ville".
It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011.
Every Monday, Oricon receives data from outlets, but data on merchandise sold through certain channels does not make it into the charts.
Other major urban centres include Marseille, Lyon, Lille, Nice, Toulouse and Bordeaux.
The group's name is a reference to ikimono-gakari, a group of children who are responsible for looking after plants and animals in Japanese elementary schools.
They debuted in 2007 with Cheerful Sensibility.
However, as of early 2010 Fiat was instead planning to concentrate on bringing larger models to the US, such as the Giulia.
In 2009, Maureen, Linda, Bernie and Coleen Nolan, reformed for a 25-date concert tour of the UK and Ireland, spawning an album and DVD.
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
Along with its luxury version, the Lincoln MKX, they are both assembled at Ford's Oakville, Ontario, Canada assembly plant.
She has also released two solo singles, "You and I" and "Don't Cry".
She was known for the third place of SBS's K-pop Star Season 3.
In North America, the TSX is sold alongside the mid-size luxury Acura TL, which is based on the American-market Accord.
"Bills, Bills, Bills" and "Bug a Boo" were among the first songs written and produced by the group.
The list is split between physical singles and digitally downloaded tracks which first became available to purchase in the early 2000s.
The suspension was also modified to be firmer and sportier, and the electronic power steering was recalibrated to deliver a firmer, less artificial feel.
By the late 1970s, Chrysler was on the verge of bankruptcy.
In addition, in many countries certification is for shipments of a record to retailers, rather than actual sales.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
Nadeem–Shravan were the most successful music directors of the 1990s until the early 2000s.
In September 1988, Kubota released his third album, Such A Funky Thang!.
22 on the Billboard 200, thus making it the band's highest charting album in the U.S.
Turkey took part in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with Kenan Doğulu.
The game was the first in the Mario franchise to be released for the system and was released worldwide in November 2011.
Lambda vehicles feature easily accessible three-row seating.
The Britannica is the oldest English-language encyclopaedia still in production.
After CCR parted ways in 1972 Fogerty had a successful solo career.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Project unit consisting of Niigaki Risa, Mitsui Aika, Nakajima Saki, and Okai Chisato.
Dato', or occasionally Datin Sri, Siti Nurhaliza binti Tarudin DIMP, JSM, SAP, PMP, AAP is a Malaysian singer and businesswoman.
The Mercedes-Benz C-Class is a line of compact executive cars produced by Daimler AG.
Goodrem's second album, Mistaken Identity, managed to chart at 64.
This is followed by the letter "C"—the SLC being the roadster equivalent to the C-Class.
John William Feldmann is an American musician and producer.
It is chemically classified as a thienobenzodiazepine.
The Lexus SC is a grand tourer that was retailed by Lexus, and built from 1991 through 2010.
This article covers only girl groups from that era and later.
It was announced to the public in May 2012, with an official launch that took place at the Paris Motor Show in September.
Foster & Smith line of products launched in 1993 includes products ranging from company formulated brands of cat and dog food to medications and pet furniture.
Main rivals are the Land Rover Discovery, Toyota Land Cruiser Prado SWB/LWB and the Nissan Patrol Y61.
The LX name stands for "Luxury Crossover".
The album was certified gold in that country by the British Phonographic Industry, as well as being certified gold and platinum in several other countries.
In Iowa, he settled down and began working intently on his musical career, exploring the electronic keyboard; making samples and sounds… and developing his unique style.
The Ford Focus is a compact hatchback manufactured by the Ford Motor Company since 1998.
Ikimono-gakari is a Japanese pop rock band from Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
TL sales have been negatively affected by both the recession as well as negative publicity due to styling issues in the latest generation.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
The original 500-copies limited edition features seven tracks, two of which are not on the regular edition.
Much of this equipment remains in use today.
The song was more successful in the U.S. reaching number 1, making it his second U.S. chart topper.
In 1985, Kubota signed with Sony Japan and began producing and writing songs for many of label's singers and groups.
Yoshi's Island was the last 2D Super Mario game released for home consoles until the release of New Super Mario Bros. Wii 14 years later.
Currently in its third model generation, a fourth-generation Ford Expedition is slated to enter production for the 2018 model year.
His fifth and final release from his debut album was "It Would Take a Strong Strong Man".
This distinctive two-door car was designed for BMC by Sir Alec Issigonis.
Her debut single, "Jerat Percintaan", won the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu and another two awards for Best Performance and Best Ballad.
Her music became one of his main influences.
The Giulietta came in second place in the 2011 European Car of the Year awards.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
It is the successor to the Chevrolet Uplander, the Chevrolet TrailBlazer, the Chevrolet HHR, the Chevrolet Astro, and the Saturn Outlook.
These recordings make up a portion of what is known as the Bright Midnight Archives.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
This is a list of the best-selling singles on the UK Singles Chart for each year.
The founder, Gordon McGregor, convinced a group of investors to invest in Henry Ford's new automobile which was being produced across the river in Detroit.
Stability was elusive, however, and he was moved again after his Grandmother’s deteriorating health, living then in Cordele, Georgia with other family members.
She is signed to YMC Entertainment in South Korea and Warner Music in Japan.
The Ford F-Series is a series of light-duty trucks and medium-duty trucks that have been marketed and manufactured by Ford Motor Company since 1948.
VWoA is responsible for five marques: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and Volkswagen cars.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
Though lacking a recognizable hit single and not commercially as successful as ...Twice Shy, it still managed to peak at No.
Geronimo is pop music's best-selling artist of all time in the Philippines, having sold more than 1 million albums.
The group currently consists of four members: Sujin, Nari, Jiae and Woojoo.
The BMW X6 is a mid-size luxury crossover by German automaker BMW.
The W110 and the 6-cylinder W111 were the first series of Mercedes cars to be extensively crash tested for occupant safety.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
He is consistently ranked as one of the greatest and most influential rappers of all time.
In addition, in many countries certification is for shipments of a record to retailers, rather than actual sales.
The Insight was the least expensive hybrid available in the US.
The Mercedes-Benz W126 is a series of S-Class automobiles manufactured by Mercedes-Benz between 1979 and 1992.
Immediately upon its release it was the recipient of the "Good Design Award" by the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in 2001.
Kubota released "The Baddest: Hit Parade" in November 2011, which peaked at number two.
The company was founded in 1902, and is headquartered in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
The album was also number one on the "Top 20 Album Sales" with 44,618 copies sold in May and 125,450 sold altogether.
It also controls VW Credit, Inc., Volkswagen's financial services and credit operations.
A revised version, with a new front end, reverse lights, and dashboard revisions, was launched for the 2008/2009 model year.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The Infiniti FX has no Nissan equivalent and is not sold in Japan.
Introduced in 1993 as a replacement for the 190 range, the C-Class was the smallest model in the marque's line-up until the A-Class arrived in 1997.
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
In 1985, Kubota signed with Sony Japan and began producing and writing songs for many of label's singers and groups.
The Lexus GX is a luxury mid-size sport utility vehicle sold in North American and Eurasian markets by Lexus.
Introduced for the 1997 model year as the successor of the Ford Bronco, the Expedition is the first full-size Ford SUV sold with a four-door body.
In a related deal, the Suzuki Futura is offered in Indonesia as the Colt T120SS.
The MKS is powered by a 3.7 L Duratec V6 engine mated to a 6-speed automatic transmission.
Filthy Empire is the only studio album by British rock band Heaven's Basement.
The original Z in Z1 stood for Zukunft.
It was the first album without founding member Roger Fisher on lead guitar, who had left the band months prior along with his brother Michael.
The name of the series references the term used in the US for motor vehicle theft.
It was released in the United States by Mercury Records.
Adalimumab is a TNF-inhibiting, anti-inflammatory, biologic medication.
It has since been updated to include songs such as "Un Monde parfait".
The Citroën ZX is a small family car produced by the French manufacturer Citroën between 1991 and 1998.
"Techno Cumbia" featured unreleased scenes of the "Bidi bidi bom bom" music video and a group of dancers who danced along with the music.
Monkey Majik is signed to Binyl Records, a subsidiary of Avex Records.
The discography of Martin Nievera, a Filipino singer-producer, consists of twenty three studio albums, two holiday album and two live album as of 2012.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
It has since been updated to include songs such as "Un Monde parfait".
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The Enclave replaced both of Buick's SUVs, the minivan-based Rendezvous and the truck-based Rainier, as well as the Terraza minivan.
The Model 15 saw service with the United States Army Air Service and with the United States Navy as a carrier-based fighter.
With the cancellation of GM's next-generation DOHC V8, it appears unlikely that GM will offer a V8 engine for Lambda.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The Lexus GX is a luxury mid-size sport utility vehicle sold in North American and Eurasian markets by Lexus.
It was the first album without founding member Roger Fisher on lead guitar, who had left the band months prior along with his brother Michael.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The Honda Odyssey is a minivan manufactured and marketed by Japanese automaker Honda since 1994, now in its fifth generation.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
The first C-Class sedan was produced on 1 June 1993, and the first of the second generation rolled off the assembly line on 18 July 2000.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
The BMW 1 Series is a series of small luxury cars manufactured by the German automaker BMW since 2004.
The album received several sales certifications including a 4 times multi-platinum from both the Recording Industry Association of America, and from the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
The first was the Cadillac Allanté, produced from 1987 to 1993.
Dark Castle Entertainment's name pays homage to William Castle, a horror filmmaker from the 1950s and 1960s.
The MKS is powered by a 3.7 L Duratec V6 engine mated to a 6-speed automatic transmission.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
He was the vocalist and oldest member of the South Korean hip-hop group, M.I.B.
Kubota released his sixteenth album, Gold Skool, in August 2011.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
The album received a double Platinum certification from the RIAA on November 17, 2003.
Charts are published every Tuesday in Oricon Style and on Oricon’s official website.
Afterwards, the band began to tour for the first time, and grew to include horns player Scott Spillane, multi-instrumentalist Julian Koster, and drummer Jeremy Barnes.
It is also the best selling vehicle in Canada.
Their music is characterized by their quirky sound combining jazzy chord progressions with J-pop and electronica influences.
Formed in 2011 by The Entertainment Pascal, the group attracted attention as they were initially produced by Eric Mun of the boy band Shinhwa.
The single also became certified million selling over two million copies worldwide.
As a result, Chrysler was sold to Cerberus Capital Management and renamed Chrysler LLC in 2007.
The BMW X1 is a compact luxury crossover SUV manufactured and marketed worldwide by BMW since 2009.
The Mitsubishi Town Box is a kei car produced for the domestic market by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
A total of five singles were released from the album.
The band continues to release compilations through Rhino Records and new live material through both Rhino and their Bright Midnight Archives label.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The CR-V also is produced in Wuhan for the Chinese market by the Dongfeng Honda Automobile Company, a joint venture with Dongfeng Motor Corporation.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
Her main producer and composer is Kazuhito Kikuchi and she is also known for playing the erhu.
Ford dropped the Territory after Australian production ended.
The group has released nine studio albums, six CD singles, and six live albums.
The Manitowoc Company, Inc. is a Fortune 1000 manufacturer of cranes and, until 2016, food service equipment.
Their discography comprises seven studio albums, one live album and twenty-five singles.
The C2 was designed by Donato Coco.
This is the discography of Brazilian Axé/MPB singer-songwriter Daniela Mercury.
E71 development began in 2003 under Peter Tuennermann, after start of E70 X5 development in 2001.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group Secret.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
A flex-fuel version of the 3.9 L V6 also became available for the Terraza's third season.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
The 5-door Brazilian Up also uses a different rear door design with sectioned glass and wind-down windows.
Bad Company discography consists of twelve studio albums, and six live albums.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
The rear windows are fixed, and do not slide or open outwards
Acura is the luxury vehicle marque of Japanese automaker Honda.
The album was also number one on the "Top 20 Album Sales" with 44,618 copies sold in May and 125,450 sold altogether.
In addition to the present lineup, former guitarist Takashi Omori had worked in the band until 2001.
The duo released their first album, Worth A Million, in 2002 through Below Radar Records.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
It was built at the NedCar factory in the Netherlands and was primarily sold in the European markets.
The EP contains seven tracks with the title track "Ah-Choo" and pre-release single "Shooting Star".
In April 2005, Rover branded cars ceased to be produced when the MG Rover Group became insolvent.
It was released in the United States by Mercury Records.
The Mitsubishi Maven is an MPV sold by Mitsubishi Motors in Indonesia since September 15, 2005.
Initially, most of the company's films were mostly critically panned, however recently their film Splice has received better reviews by critics.
In South America, a mini SUV version, called the C3 Aircross, is produced and marketed only locally.
It was equipped with a six-speed automatic transmission with performance algorithm shifting and driver shift control.
No compilations were released in season 7.
Wind & Wuthering is the eighth studio album by English progressive rock band Genesis.
Crayon Pop is a South Korean girl group formed under Chrome Entertainment in 2012.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The Insight ranked as the top-selling vehicle in Japan for the month of April 2009, a first for a hybrid model.
5 in the USA, where it became platinum on 20 June 1988.
However, it wasn't until her eighth studio album Heart in Motion that Grant made a breakthrough into mainstream music.
Etanercept has the potential to treat these diseases by inhibiting TNF-alpha.
To date, she has sold more than 4.9 million in record sales.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
She has appeared in more than 50 films.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
It is a blend of Indian grain spirits and imported Scotch malts.
Early in 2013, Park released a free-download English rap track, "Appetizer", produced by Cha Cha Malone, in addition to a music video on his YouTube channel.
They were particularly successful in Japan and won the 1981 Tokyo Music Festival with the song "Sexy Music".
A Blu-ray Disc version, called "Install Disc", was released in Japan in limited quantities in September 2007.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
"Whenever You Need Somebody" was released as the second single from the album in October 1987.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
Formed in Los Angeles in 1965, the group consisted of Jim Morrison, Ray Manzarek, John Densmore, and Robby Krieger.
He is best known as the founder, singer, and songwriter of the heavy metal band Ratt.
Type-S versions of the RSX, CL, and TL were added to the brand's lineup during that decade.
In January 2010, it was announced that the coupé version was not to be overhauled, but instead replaced with the Citroën DS4.
Ford owned the Swedish automaker Volvo from 1999 to 2010.
Together, the 4007 and C-Crosser are the first Japan produced cars sold under any French brand.
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
Following her victory, she rose to fame in Europe and became one of the biggest pop stars from the Eastern part of the continent.
The album stands as Queensrÿche's most commercially successful release, reaching triple-platinum status and the primary single, the power ballad "Silent Lucidity", reached No.
As of July 2014, Toyota was the largest listed company in Japan by market capitalization and by revenue.
Two singles were released from the album "The Ones You Love" and "Hopelessly".
Dakotas have been used by police and fire departments, as off-road vehicles, patrol trucks, or even brush trucks.
According to Gaon, "Going Crazy" sold 1,581,465 digital downloads in South Korea as of December 31, 2011.
It was the last Scorpions record to be produced by Dieter Dierks.
She made her debut after she won a popular local singing competition show Bintang HMI in 1995 when she was only 16.
The 1971 model saw a drastic redesign to its predecessors.
The album has won a number of awards since its release, including the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 51st annual ceremony.
The album peaked at number one and was certified million.
It was followed by "De tanto te querer" that was used in the soundtrack of the soap opera A Favorita, da Rede Globo.
A series of mergers in the early 2000s added aquarium, bird, ferret, and other specialty products to the company's catalogs.
Hajimemashite is the 11th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, released in October 1984.
The album spent the number-one spot on the Japanese Oricon chart for six week, and became the country's best-selling LP of that year.
Established in April 2015, the sub-unit consists of three members: Block B's two main dancers, B-Bomb and U-Kwon, and the rapper P.O.
Changan Mazda was established as a 50:50 joint venture between Changan and Mazda incorporated in Nanjing and assumed all of Changan Ford Mazda's Mazda-related business.
A companion DVD, The Morning View Sessions, was released on May 29, 2002.
She has sold more than 7 million units in the country and 1.5 million albums in other Asian countries.
Toy safety is the practice of ensuring that toys, especially those made for children, are safe, usually through the application of set safety standards.
Cadillac offers a version called the Escalade ESV.
Marvel Animation operates under the Marvel Television division of Marvel Entertainment, LLC, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.
The Tea Party released eight albums on EMI Music Canada, selling 1.6 million records worldwide, and achieving a No.
The Lexus GX is a luxury mid-size sport utility vehicle sold in North American and Eurasian markets by Lexus.
He is also the former lead singer for the Turkish rock band 6.
She is best known for her song "Toilet no Kamisama", an acoustic ballad about her grandmother, which became a hit in 2010.
However their reports and charts are only available to industry insiders and are not available to the general public.
Japan has the second largest music market in the world.
The first album to feature guitarist Phil Collen who replaced founding member Pete Willis, Pyromania was produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange.
The genre on the label was mostly popularized by Dillon Francis after collaborating with Diplo on Francis's 2012 track "Que Que".
The discography of Elvis Presley starts on July 19, 1954, with the release of his first commercial single, and ends in February 1978.
In its first few years of existence, Acura was among the best-selling luxury marques in the US.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
They have sold more CDs in the 2000s than any other Brazilian band and are currently the largest sellers of DVDs in Brazil.
Manufacture of the RX has occurred at the Miyata plant in Miyawaka, Fukuoka, Japan since launch.
As with their predecessors, all Cobalts and its Pontiac equivalents were manufactured at GM's plant in Ramos Arizpe, Mexico and Lordstown, Ohio.
In some markets such as North America, the GS shares the mid-size sedan category in the Lexus lineup with the front-wheel drive ES.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
Online business grew after the collapse of Pets.com in 2000.
They compose a style of world music, sometimes called ethnic electronica, mixing ethnic with electronic sounds and dance beats or chillout beats.
In Japan, physical sales decreased sharply in the 2000s, while download sales hit three to four times the amount of single sales.
His artistic influences include Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Donny Hathaway, and Sly Stone.
The GL was the first full-size SUV from a German automaker.
The single "It's All About Love" was released through the band's own label, DCT Records, before being picked up by Universal J.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
Victoria's Secret is wholly owned by L Brands, a publicly traded company.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
Zico is notable for his successful crossover skills in the Korean hip hop scene, maintaining an underground reputation along with mainstream appeal as a Korean idol.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
The Scion xB is a compact car made by Toyota for the United States market and sold under their youth-oriented Scion brand.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
An optional EcoBoost 3.5 L twin-turbo, direct injection V6 is also available.
Park Ji-yoon is a South Korean pop singer, actress, and model, who debuted as a Haitai model at age 13.
Over 350,000 were built during its production run.
In 1998, Chrysler merged with German automaker Daimler-Benz AG to form DaimlerChrysler; the merger proved contentious with investors.
She is best known for the single "I Wish You Loved Me" which was written by Rico Love and produced by Tha Corna Boyz.
He is the winner of Mnet rap competition Show Me the Money season 3.
Goldfinger is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California that formed in 1994.
His first live album was a bestseller throughout 2010, selling over 100,000 copies.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Lottery products are sold at approximately 1,900 retailers.
Her father is Vietnamese and Polynesian while her mother is French.
A girl group is a popular music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together.
On 19 September 2015, he had a traffic accident with his wife, in which he was severely injured.
The group's name stems from the idea that each member is reminiscent of a different type of chocolate.
The car went on sale two years later in Europe, and in 1997 in the US.
The video was promoting the box-set Anthology and was released in the fall of 1998.
was certified three-times platinum by the RIAJ.
The mission of the Lottery is to produce the maximum amount of revenue possible for Kansas, while insuring the integrity of its games.
The GL shares the same unibody architecture with the M-Class.
The sales of singles that are italicized are the compilation of sales in available markets instead of a worldwide sales figure.
The song was at number one on the UK Singles Chart for five weeks, becoming the year's highest-selling single.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Magazine is the second studio album by the American hard rock band Heart.
Duffy worked with several producers and writers on the album, including Bernard Butler, Steve Booker, Jimmy Hogarth and Eg White.
The third generation was launched in 2007.
The album was released digitally on June 6, 2012.
The CL-Class had more rear legroom than these aforementioned competitors.
The name tC stands for "touring coupe."
The album topped the Korean music charts on its release.
He, then, held his first solo live tour ‘2012 1st Story in Japan' in April and '2012 2nd Story in Japan' in August consecutively.
The latest, third-generation, LX 570 debuted at the New York International Auto Show in April 2007 as a complete redesign for the 2008 model year.
Depending on where this car is produced, there are both internal and external differences.
Its name derives from being the successor to the Pontiac Grand Am, and serves as the "sixth generation" of the Grand Am, hence G6.
Escalade production was skipped for the 2001 model year.
Production in France, however, continued until October 2002, which overlapped with the C5 by eighteen months.
Before her K-pop debut, Ailee was signed under Muzo Entertainment in America.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
The best-selling music artists in Japan include Japanese artists with claims of 15 million or more record sales.
It is a blend of Indian grain spirits and imported Scotch malt and contains no artificial flavouring.
He has also worked with the famous Norwegian rap producer Tommy Tee several times in his career.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
The Town Car nameplate first appeared as a sub-model of the Continental in 1959, later becoming a trim line during the 1970s.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
The model name was derived from a combination of the English car and the Greek kharisma, meaning "divine gift".
The 4.7-liter V8 engine in the GX 470 was the same as used on the larger LX 470.
The Kansas Lottery is run by the government of Kansas.
It was launched in April 2010 and is available in almost 80 countries as of 2013.
Escalade production was skipped for the 2001 model year.
The Saturn RELAY was a minivan that was made by General Motors.
With the exception of the fourth generation, all five generations are still sold in various international markets.
Lee Se-jin is a South Korean singer known professionally as Lyn.
The tC was introduced first in the United States in 2005 and then, beginning with the second generation in 2010, in Canada as well.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
In 2017, the air ambulance service ceased with Ambulance Victoria releasing a helicopter for dedicated police duty.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The home ground of the Royal Challengers is the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore.
The list is split between physical singles and digitally downloaded tracks which first became available to purchase in the early 2000s.
It also features 2D graphics with linear transformations.
The DS 5 is a compact executive car which was designed and developed by the French automaker Citroën and launched the European market in November 2011.
The group disbanded in 2005, with Maureen Nolan having been a permanent member for 31 years.
V8 engines were offered in the second and third generations, and all-wheel drive and hybrid versions debuted in 2005.
The new Continental made its debut as a concept car at the 2015 New York Auto Show.
It has also been labelled as "Recreation Cross Country" in some markets.
Although S.H.E does not write the majority of their songs, they composed "Sweet Honey".
The group disbanded in 2005, with Maureen Nolan having been a permanent member for 31 years.
Apart from the sound, she also endorsed a new image for the release going from an innocent girl to an edgier and more sexual look.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
Germany is the third largest music market in the world and the largest in Europe.
On the monthly chart, Girls' Generation had four number ones with three different albums, more than other act.
The sisters have pursued varying solo careers in acting, music and television presenting.
His double-disc album Life After Death, released 16 days later, rose to No.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
First was the short-lived M45 sedan, a rebadged version of the Japanese-spec Nissan Gloria.
Data as of 2007 indicates that Japan has the second largest music market in the world, but it is the largest in Asia.
The album was Osbourne's first release following his 1979 firing from Black Sabbath.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
This makes the SUT able to haul the same cargo most trucks can haul.
Its best known brands are Ray-Ban, Persol, and Oakley.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Four generations of the GS have been produced since 1993, each available with six-cylinder engines and rear-wheel drive.
Nameplates emerged when companies began selling other cars to augment their lineup.
The song was also used as the theme song of Japanese television drama series Long Vacation.
This is the discography of Regine Velasquez, which contains all her albums and singles since 1986.
The Acura TSX is a medium-sized entry-level luxury car that was manufactured by Acura.
The Honda Pilot is a mid-size crossover SUV manufactured by Honda and introduced in 2002.
Michel Sanchez started his own career as singer on 2005 and Eric Mouquet continued working under "Deep Forest".
The LX is Lexus' largest and most expensive luxury SUV.
While not the longest vehicle ever sold by the brand, it is the heaviest production Lincoln ever built.
Ford also owns Brazilian SUV manufacturer, Troller, and Australian performance car manufacturer FPV.
This is the discography of Turkish pop singer Candan Erçetin.
In 2015, he released his first solo mixtape, RM.
The current BMW naming convention began with the first 5 Series.
Mercedes presented the SLK II concept car at the 1994 Paris Motor Show, showing off the "vario-roof".
All models built in Mexico or sold in the United States are only available in long wheelbase.
Both rear and all-wheel drive models were offered.
He is currently part of Sony Music Japan.
It debuted on the Billboard 200 album chart the week ending November 20 and peaked at No.
In 2008, Japan surpassed the United States for having the most physical sales.
It spawned musical acts O-Town, Da Band, Danity Kane, Day26, and Donnie Klang.
In its first few years of existence, Acura was among the best-selling luxury marques in the US.
Originally a 9-member group, in 2012 they became a trio, consisting of Park Yong-in, Jo Hyunah and Kwon Soon-il.
Pilots are currently manufactured in Lincoln, Alabama, and the Pilot was produced in Alliston, Ontario until April 2007.
The Giulietta advertising campaign is made with Hollywood actress Uma Thurman.
Sections of this article are translated from Japanese Wikipedia.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
He placed seventh on the eleventh season of American Idol.
Wurst came to international attention after winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 as Austria's entrant with the song "Rise Like a Phoenix".
SG Wannabe had pre-sales of 90,000 copies of their first album, which helped them earned their "Best Newcomer" award at the 2004 Golden Disk Awards.
The original Z in Z1 stood for Zukunft.
In 2003, HMV Japan ranked the band at number 30 on their list of the 100 most important Japanese pop acts.
The Enclave, the GMC Acadia, and Chevrolet Traverse all share the GM Lambda platform.
Type-S versions of the RSX, CL, and TL were added to the brand's lineup during that decade.
The "SL" is for Sportlich Leicht and alludes to the long-running SL-Class.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
The group was formed by Korean entertainment company Cube Entertainment in 2012, and consists of seven members.
Yamashita rewrote the song and recorded by himself, under the title "Sayonara Natsu no Hi".
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
Reflecting its SUV design, seating capacity in the Territory is for either five or seven passengers.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
In 2009, her ninth Japanese single "Kuon no Kawa" debuted at No.3 on the Oricon weekly charts, the highest ever by a singer from China.
The second-generation Enclave is set to be officially revealed at the 2017 New York Auto Show.
The album was preceded by the single "Ma il cielo è sempre più blu", a recording of Rino Gaetano's 1975 hit.
On their first album session musician Jim Gordon played drums, percussion, and piano.
Though largely identical in exterior and interior design, the GS and the Aristo differed in their engine and transmission combinations as well as equipment packages.
Following their disbandment in November 2016, the group has released their final single "Good Bye" in January 21, 2017 as a farewell gift to their fans.
He is the founder of the group Krucifix Klan, of which Stan Man, Lady Dead and Playa Rob are also members.
Early in 2013, Park released a free-download English rap track, "Appetizer", produced by Cha Cha Malone, in addition to a music video on his YouTube channel.
The Oricon Singles Chart is the Japanese music industry standard singles popularity chart issued daily, weekly, monthly and yearly by Oricon.
The same car launched in 1991 as the Toyota Aristo in Japan, but the Lexus-badged model did not appear until 1993.
In Japan, physical sales decreased sharply in the 2000s, while download sales hit three to four times the amount of single sales.
The Lincoln Navigator is a full-size luxury SUV marketed and sold by the Lincoln brand of Ford Motor Company since the 1998 model year.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
Out of the Cellar is the debut studio album by the American heavy metal band Ratt.
The Mini Mark I had three major UK updates – the Mark II, the Clubman and the Mark III.
V8 engines were offered in the second and third generations, and all-wheel drive and hybrid versions debuted in 2005.
On 27 February 2009 it was announced that team principal Ross Brawn had led a management buyout of the Brackley team.
The Escort was Ford's first front-wheel-drive car built in North America, a design popularized by the Volkswagen Rabbit.
She is the only musician to have participated in the National Language Council of Japan.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
The Brazilian TR4 had been since July 2007 the Mitsubishi's first four-wheel drive flexible-fuel vehicle, running on gasoline, ethanol or a combination of the two.
The songs "Stick to Your Guns" and "Live Wire" were released as singles for the album.
Carlos Vives tops the list with Clásicos de la Provincia, selling around 1.2 million copies in the country.
The format of each season varies, but generally consists of contestants going head to head in a series of challenges until only one rapper remains.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
It was saved by $1.5 billion in loan guarantees from the US government.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Introduced for the 2008 model year as a successor for the first generation Liberty.
During the Iron Age, what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls, a Celtic people.
The music is best described as mostly melodic hard rock with progressive undertones.
He transferred to GMA Network in 2010.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The Torrent shared the Equinox's 185 hp 3.4 L V6 with the 5-Speed Aisin AF33 automatic transmission.
Ford introduced the Territory alongside the existing Falcon wagon, which was built on the same Broadmeadows Assembly production line.
It had a 360 CID V-8 engine with a single 4 barrel carburetor rated at 300 hp.
Like a predecessor, Nishoku no Koma also reached the top on the Japanese Oricon Weekly LP charts, and remained there for ten consecutive weeks.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
This is the discography of South Korean boy band Super Junior, produced and managed by SM Entertainment.
The overwhelming popularity of the concept spurred BMW's decision to produce a limited production model called the Z8.
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The best-selling music artists in Japan include Japanese artists with claims of 15 million or more record sales.
In 1966, the first-placed Mini was disqualified after the finish, under a controversial decision that the car's headlights were against the rules.
It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in Toledo, Ohio.
It is a conventional design with body-on-frame construction and a leaf spring/live axle rear end.
Royal Stag, also known as Seagram's Royal Stag, is a brand of Indian whisky, owned by Pernod Ricard India, and launched in 1981.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
On December 20, 2005, the eK Classy was discontinued.
Their first extended play, Reverie appeared in November 1982.
South Korean R&B singer Lyn has released eleven studio albums, two extended plays, and twenty-six singles since debuting in 2000.
Prior to the introduction of the Pilot, Honda marketed the compact crossover CR-V, and the Honda Passport, that was a pickup truck-based design.
The single from the album, "Block Party," charted #24 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Sales in October of the same year.
Park Gyu-ri, better known by the mononym Gyuri, is a South Korean singer, actress, and radio personality.
The Dodge Durango is a sport utility vehicle produced by Dodge.
Urban Zakapa is a South Korean R&B singer-songwriter group formed in 2009 by Fluxus Music.
The album charted at number nine on the Oricon Albums Chart.
Victoria's Secret is an American designer, manufacturer, and marketer of women's premium lingerie, womenswear, and beauty products.
The band toured almost every year to sold out stadiums and arenas.
In September 1988, Kubota released his third album, Such A Funky Thang!.
She has released 9 studio albums, 2 remix albums, 2 remix EP's and a single.
The single also became certified million selling over two million copies worldwide.
All Continental Mark VIs were produced at Ford's Wixom Assembly Plant in Wixom, Michigan.
In side impacts the Rainier was given an overall Marginal score with side airbags present.
The name was inspired by the name of the Italian ski resort Cortina d'Ampezzo, site of the 1956 Winter Olympics.
The same car launched in 1991 as the Toyota Aristo in Japan, but the Lexus-badged model did not appear until 1993.
In 2017, it was ranked 9th on Rolling Stone's list of "100 Greatest Metal Albums of All Time".
Although majority of their releases were unsuccessful in Japan, Amuro's venturing in modelling fashion and acting helped the group gain attention on their single "Try Me".
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
Over 70 years, the size of the Britannica has remained steady, with about 40 million words on half a million topics.
Since 2011, the Delica D:2 name has been applied to a rebadged Suzuki Solio.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The Chevrolet Avalanche is a four-door, five or six passenger Pickup Truck sharing GM's long-wheelbase chassis used on the Chevrolet Suburban and Cadillac Escalade EXT.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Originally released in its home market of Japan in late 1997 as the Toyota Harrier, export sales began in March 1998 as the Lexus RX.
BlackBerry was considered one of the most prominent smartphone vendors in the world, specializing in secure communications and mobile productivity.
They compose a style of world music, sometimes called ethnic electronica, mixing ethnic with electronic sounds and dance beats or chillout beats.
They did produce a 2009 model for fleet customers that are turning up as used, off lease vehicles.
All GX production has occurred at the Tahara plant in Japan, alongside the Toyota Land Cruiser Prado.
In addition to the present lineup, former guitarist Takashi Omori had worked in the band until 2001.
Emre Aydın is a Turkish rock singer-songwriter.
The band currently consists of husband John and wife Korey Cooper along with Jen Ledger and Seth Morrison.
In May 1996, Kubota released "La La La Love Song."
The second generation, launched in 2007, was sold as the LR2 in North America and as the Freelander 2 in Europe.
They have currently released seven studio albums, three special albums, and two special edition albums.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
It has also been labelled as "Recreation Cross Country" in some markets.
The word "corona" is Latin for "crown", a reference to an earlier vehicle Toyota offered called the Toyota Crown.
In a similar context, Buick and Oldsmobile played the same role within General Motors while the Chrysler Division did so within Chrysler Corporation.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
The Kansas Lottery offers $1, $2, $5, $10, and $20 scratch tickets, plus $1 and $2 instant "pull-tab" games.
Evolution is the fifth studio album by Journey.
Lottery products are sold at approximately 1,900 retailers.
Strange Music, Inc. is an American independent record label specializing in hip hop music founded by Tech N9ne and business partner Travis O'Guin in 1999.
Her nicknames include the "Queen of Turkish Pop" and Minik Serçe.
The series also has elements of the earlier beat 'em up games from the 16-bit era.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The Cadillac Escalade is a full-size luxury SUV engineered and manufactured by Cadillac.
After being defeated in the Mexican–American War, Mexico ceded much of this territory to the United States in 1848.
It is primarily developed by Rockstar North, and published by Rockstar Games.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
and 10 February 2008. peaking at third position.
A total of five singles were released from the album.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
The first generation Odyssey was marketed in Europe as the Shuttle.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
The single became Kubota's first number one hit.
Lee Min-young, better known by her stage name Min, is a South Korean singer, songwriter and actress.
", a charity single by Band Aid released in aid of victims of the 1983–1985 famine in Ethiopia.
This is the discography of Brazilian Axé/MPB singer-songwriter Daniela Mercury.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
From 2008 until 2013, the TSX was the smallest vehicle in the Acura model line, other than the Civic-based CSX sold only in Canada.
Salyu has written the lyrics to 11 songs: "Birthday," "Cure the World," "Extension," "L.A.F.S.," "I", "I Believe," "Iris", "Liberty," "Sweet Pain," "Tangram" and "Whereabouts."
The following year in 1987, Kubota's second studio album, Groovin', debuted at number thirty-three and was certified million.
After the death of Morrison, the three remaining Doors members released two more studio albums before they eventually disbanded, Other Voices, and Full Circle.
The tracks from Bark at the Moon are the original recordings, but later mixes of the songs.
As a response to federal fuel economy standards, the Mark VI was the first model of the Mark series with smaller exterior dimensions than its predecessor.
In 1980 it once again became the Austin Mini and in 1988 the Rover Mini.
As with most direct competitors in the market segment, accommodation is limited to two rows and five seats.
Selling more than 450,000 units per year, SGMW has claimed no one model outsells it in China.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
The marque returned to competitive motorsport in 2012, and won the 2014 British Touring Car Manufacturers Championship.
Kansas' newest draw game is the multi-state Lucky for Life, whose earliest version was a Connecticut-only game.
Each of them on Supraphon, with exception of her second album issued by Panton.
A Christmas album, Home for Christmas, was released shortly afterwards, reaching No.
Since then she has released seven albums and multiple singles.
Scream is also the first release to feature keyboardist Adam Wakeman, who has worked with Osbourne as a touring musician since 2004.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
All Kansas Lottery games have a minimum age of 18.
In terms of size, it is slotted in between the smaller GLC-Class and the larger GLS-Class, with which it shares platforms.
The Toyota Corona was an automobile manufactured by the Japanese automaker Toyota between 1957 and 2003.
John Cameron Fogerty is an American musician, singer and songwriter.
This is the discography of South Korean boy group BtoB.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Here is the official SNEP list for the 100 best selling singles in France's history.
The Town Box was discontinued in November 2011, ending the twelve-year production run
"Amor prohibido" was released on Valentine's Day in 1994 and was filmed in Joshua Tree national park in Joshua Tree, California.
It was a runaway hit for Pontiac, with 7,000 orders in the first 10 days of availability and 6,000 more orders before winter.
The Nitro shared its platform with the second generation Jeep Liberty.
The Chevrolet Malibu is a mid-size car manufactured and marketed by Chevrolet from 1964 to 1983 and since 1997.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
Discontinued in the United States in 2006, the vehicle continues to be sold in the rest of the world in its fourth-generation iteration.
It features Acura's first six speed automatic transmission, advanced ventilated seats, as well as other luxury appointments.
The Alero went into production in April 1998.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
This is a list of the best-selling hip-hop albums in the United States from 2010 to 2019 based on RIAA certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
Theodore Anthony Nugent is an American musician and political activist.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
It also was certified Gold by the RIAA.
The exterior styling of the production Solstice is similar to that of the 2002 Solstice concept that preceded it.
Red Velvet was formed by the Korean entertainment company S.M.
With Alive they became the first Korean artist with a Korean album to chart in the Billboard 200.
The LX is not available in Japan where it is manufactured.
The Luxury Brand Status Index 2008 voted the Maybach first place, ahead of Rolls-Royce and Bentley.
New Super Mario Bros. U is a side-scrolling platform video game in the Super Mario series developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii U.
The Lincoln MKX is a mid-size luxury crossover SUV manufactured and sold by Lincoln.
"Bringin' On the Heartbreak", essentially the same recording with a few synthesiser overdubs.
The SLK is built in Bremen, Germany.
The releases are in Korean, unless otherwise specified.
Plug-in hybrids use no fossil fuel at the point of use during their all-electric range.
The Wilmington Assembly plant closed in July 2009, ending production as both the Pontiac and Saturn nameplates were retired.
The G8 was Pontiac's first full-size car since the Bonneville and the GTO coupe last sold in 2006.
The overwhelming popularity of the concept spurred BMW's decision to produce a limited production model called the Z8.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
McPhee released her fourth album, Hysteria, on September 18, 2015.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
A limited production of 250 units began by mid 2013 and pricing starts at €111,000.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Here is the official SNEP list for the 100 best selling singles in France's history.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
From 1997 to 2009, production was sourced at the Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne, Michigan.
Here is the official SNEP list for the 100 best selling singles in France's history.
The Citroën C6 was inspired by the Citroën C6 Lignage concept car with a fastback saloon like styling.
Although S.H.E does not write the majority of their songs, they composed "Sweet Honey".
The same is true in South Korea, where only the 2.5-liter engines are available as of the 2012 model year.
These sales figures are therefore neither complete nor definitive.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
is the live version of her first theme song with I've Sound that she performed in their concert in Budokan last January 2, 2009.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
Entertainment in 2014, and consists of five members.
Under the label, Kubota released his first single, "Shitsui no Downtown" in June 1986, followed by "Time Shower ni Utarete" in December.
The album was certified gold by the RIAA on 18 November 1983 and platinum on 9 May 1989.
Neil's latest album with the Prodigy, The Day is my Enemy is the sixth studio album by English electronic music group The Prodigy.
Honda also offered the larger North American Odyssey in Japan as the Honda LaGreat beginning in June 1999 through 2005.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
Named for elegant financial and cultural center Lucerne, Switzerland, it served as Buick's top of the line model until replaced by the second generation Buick LaCrosse.
The group followed with their first full-length album, The Red, released on September 9, 2015, along with the title track "Dumb Dumb".
SeeYa was a South Korean girl group originally made up of Kim Yeonji, Lee Bo-ram, and Nam Gyuri.
Ana Carolina Sousa is a Brazilian singer, composer, and musician.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
Rc is a universal locomotive used both in freight and passenger trains.
His seventh studio album, My Red Book, was planned to be released in January 2013.
Hyundai Motor India Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hyundai Motor Company in India.
Upon release, the album received mixed reviews, but was commercially successful and was awarded platinum status in the US by the RIAA.
Baek Ye-rin, otherwise credited as Yerin Baek or simply Yerin is a South Korean singer-songwriter.
The sales of singles that are italicized are the compilation of sales in available markets instead of a worldwide sales figure.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
It was a more soulful song when compared to his other releases and was mainly intended for the North American market.
Pink is a pale red color that is named after a flower of the same name.
The Nissan Note is a mini MPV manufactured and marketed by Nissan since 2004.
Lottery products are sold at approximately 1,900 retailers.
Subsequent titles would follow and build upon the concept established in Grand Theft Auto III, and receive significant acclaim.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
The group was formed by Korean entertainment company Cube Entertainment in 2012, and consists of seven members.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
Their first extended play Would You Like?
The name Tahoe refers to the rugged and scenic area surrounding Lake Tahoe in the western United States.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
In that game, Boston College, courtesy of a late-game comeback by quarterback Matt Ryan, won 14–10.
The Enclave was previewed at the 2006 North American International Auto Show, officially as a concept car, making it the first Lambda vehicle to be displayed.
The group debuted on August 1, 2014, with their digital single "Happiness" and with four members: Irene, Seulgi, Wendy and Joy.
MCA was dissolved and changed into Geffen Records.
Though outwardly similar, the CX-7 and the Mazda CX-9 do not share platforms.
From 1988 to 1990, Mercury released two albums with the group Companhia Clic.
The album received a positive response from critics and contributed to the band's growing popularity in the US.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
It debuted at number one on Japan's iTunes, the first single released off the album "Love Hurts" also debuted at number one.
On February 9, 2009, Tech N9ne's official website announced the duo's decision to leave the Strange Music label after fulfilling their commitment.
As of 2015, the Cadillac Escalade is available in every country that Cadillac is available in, except Israel.
It also spawned a top ten single "Be Good to Yourself"(No.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
A five-time Grammy Award winner, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000.
In 2015, Lincoln announced the return of the Lincoln Continental as a replacement for the slow-selling MKS.
Manga is a Turkish rock band whose music is mainly a fusion of Anatolian melodies with electronic elements.
BlackBerry was considered one of the most prominent smartphone vendors in the world, specializing in secure communications and mobile productivity.
The first generation of the X5, with the chassis code E53, made its debut in 1999.
Ford Australia reportedly spent A$500 million on developing this vehicle over a four-year period.
France emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages, with its victory in the Hundred Years' War strengthening state-building and political centralisation.
The joint venture is made up of equity from - Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Invest, SAIC, with a fixed-term venture for 45 years.
To date, she has sold more than 4.9 million in record sales.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
From 1988 to 1990, Mercury released two albums with the group Companhia Clic.
The album became a multi-platinum record and won two Awit Awards.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
The Solstice uses the GM Kappa platform, which also underpins the Saturn Sky, Opel GT, and Daewoo G2X.
The Z07 caused a sensation at the '97 Tokyo Auto Show.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
The Honda Odyssey is a minivan manufactured and marketed by Japanese automaker Honda since 1994, now in its fifth generation.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
In 1985, Diamond-Star Motors was created, further expanding the Chrysler-Mitsubishi relationship.
Dato', or occasionally Datin Sri, Siti Nurhaliza binti Tarudin DIMP, JSM, SAP, PMP, AAP is a Malaysian singer and businesswoman.
The models ceased production in 2013, due to continued financial losses for the marque, and sales at one-fifth the level of the profitable Rolls-Royce models.
Since their inception in 1999, a total of 4,058,258 hybrid electric automobiles and sport utility vehicles have been sold in the country through May 2016.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
The popularity continued into the new decade with their third consecutive multi platinum selling album Flesh & Blood.
Between 1979 and 1982, the group had seven UK top 20 hits, including "Gotta Pull Myself Together" "Who's Gonna Rock You", "Attention to Me" and "Chemistry".
The DVD Calypso by Brazil was 24 weeks on the bestseller list of Brazil.
All models of the Legend, RL and RLX lines have been adapted from the Japanese domestic market Honda Legend.
Shin Hyo-seob, professionally known as Crush, is a South Korean R&B and hip hop singer under Amoeba Culture.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
Formerly known as the SEC and later S-Coupé, it was spun off into its own, separate name in 1996 and in 1997 for North American markets.
The Mazda CX-7 is a mid-size crossover SUV model from Mazda, and is the production version of the MX-Crossport concept car.
For the song, see The River or the Raspberries
The album features re-arranged songs from the Scorpions repertoire, as well as classical interludes, a cover song and the new single Moment of Glory.
While the Lexus RX is based on the Toyota Camry mass market sedan, the X5 shares its underpinnings with the BMW 5 Series performance luxury sedan.
This is a list of the albums and singles in the discography of Jed Madela.
The current version is a four-door sedan.
These recordings make up a portion of what is known as the Bright Midnight Archives.
SG Wannabe had pre-sales of 90,000 copies of their first album, which helped them earned their "Best Newcomer" award at the 2004 Golden Disk Awards.
"Tú sólo tú", being released in September 1995, featured videos and pictures of Selena.
It is the first SUV offering from Audi and went on sale in 2003.
The first number-one song on the Oricon Singles Chart was "Kitaguni no Futari" by Jackey Yoshikawa and his Blue Comets on November 2, 1967.
The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand.
Selling almost 200,000 copies, The Sentimental Chord was the best-selling album of 2007 in Korea.
Their first music program win was on M Countdown on January 5, 2012, for "My My" from their second EP Snow Pink.
The Peugeot RCZ was a sports coupé manufactured by the French car company Peugeot.
It is named for the Italian city of Milan.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Over 70 years, the size of the Britannica has remained steady, with about 40 million words on half a million topics.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The Cobalt replaced both the Cavalier and the Toyota-based Geo Prizm/Chevrolet Prizm as Chevrolet's compact car.
The genus is native to the temperate zone of the Northern Hemisphere.
The brand is named after a species of deer famous for its antlers, that is also featured in its logo.
which became the band's most successful album ever.
The 1993 Legend coupé featured Honda's first use of a six-speed manual transmission, mated to a Type II engine.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
During its production the Monterey served as the high-end, mid-range, and entry-level fullsize Mercury at various times throughout its run.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
The Kansas Lottery offers $1, $2, $5, $10, and $20 scratch tickets, plus $1 and $2 instant "pull-tab" games.
In 2015 Officer's Choice overtook Smirnoff vodka to become the world's largest selling spirit brand.
The 2007 RDX, a crossover SUV, featured the first North American use of a turbocharged Honda engine.
In rheumatoid arthritis, adalimumab has a response rate similar to methotrexate, and in combination, it nearly doubles the response rate of methotrexate alone.
As with their predecessors, all Cobalts and its Pontiac equivalents were manufactured at GM's plant in Ramos Arizpe, Mexico and Lordstown, Ohio.
The lead single, "She Wants to Dance With Me" was Astley's first single which he wrote himself and became a worldwide top 10 hit.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
Over the years Via has supplemented this initial fleet with new orders and with new acquisitions of secondhand equipment from other operators.
Cadillac offers a version called the Escalade ESV.
After the contract with Victor Entertainment, the band released their top-ten charting debut single "Katte ni Sindbad" in 1978.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
The Sugababes were an English girl group formed in 1998 by Siobhán Donaghy, Mutya Buena and Keisha Buchanan.
The album has won a number of awards since its release, including the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 51st annual ceremony.
Vehicles listed in italics are those who achieved their figures through sales of a single generation without any major redesign.
During this period hybrids accounted for about 10% of the 145,473 vehicles bought by the U.S. General Services Administration.
Unlike the Saxo, with 2 of 5 stars from Euro NCAP, the C2 achieved 4 out of 5 stars.
The Dodge Durango is a sport utility vehicle produced by Dodge.
SG Wannabe have been in the music business ever since debuting in the 2004.
As support, promotional EP Vánoční koleda with two previously unreleased tracks, followed simultaneously.
The Mitsubishi Savrin is a minivan produced and sold in Taiwan by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
The Chevrolet Express and its mechanically identical twin GMC Savana are Full-size vans from General Motors.
The R-Class was built on the W251 chassis, and was assembled in Vance, Alabama.
Introduced for the 1997 model year as the successor of the Ford Bronco, the Expedition is the first full-size Ford SUV sold with a four-door body.
Kubota's fourth studio album, Bonga Wanga, was released in July 1990.
This is followed by the letter "C"—the SLC being the roadster equivalent to the C-Class.
It was introduced for the 1998 model year.
The group's name is a reference to ikimono-gakari, a group of children who are responsible for looking after plants and animals in Japanese elementary schools.
Bambino was born and raised in the village of Kintinya, some 25 kilometers from the town of Siguiri, close to the border with Mali.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
The modified platform, adapted to U.S. requirements and subsequently redesignated the PF platform, was designed over approximately 18 months at a cost of US$1 billion.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
L.A. Woman, was the final Doors album with frontman Jim Morrison, who died of undetermined causes in Paris shortly after the album's release.
The discography of the South Korean boy group Winner consists of one studio album, one extended play, and eight singles.
The Mini Mark I had three major UK updates – the Mark II, the Clubman and the Mark III.
In terms of size, it is slotted in between the smaller GLC-Class and the larger GLS-Class, with which it shares platforms.
His first four studio albums debuted in the top five on the Billboard 200.
In 2007, S.H.E produced the song "Wifey" for Play.
The album received several sales certifications including a 4 times multi-platinum from both the Recording Industry Association of America, and from the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
Approximately 262,900 LS models were manufactured, including 2,331 manual transmission V6 models, and 1,500 LSE editions.
The Cobalt replaced both the Cavalier and the Toyota-based Geo Prizm/Chevrolet Prizm as Chevrolet's compact car.
The song features B.A.P's Bang Yong-guk, who sings the rap parts of the song.
The Lexus LX is a full-size luxury sport utility vehicle sold by Lexus since January 1996 having entered manufacture in November 1995.
One of the original eight teams in the IPL, the team has made three final appearances in the IPL, losing all of them.
The Peugeot 607 is an executive car produced by the French automaker Peugeot from September 1999 to June 2010.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
For her work in Fated to Love You's OST, "Goodbye My Love", Ailee won Best Original Soundtrack at the 7th Korea Drama Awards.
Ford is the eighth-ranked overall American-based company in the 2010 Fortune 500 list, based on global revenues in 2009 of $118.3 billion.
Both singles reached number one on the Gaon Digital Chart, the national music chart of South Korea.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
The Scion xD was discontinued in 2014, and it will succeeded by the Toyota C-HR, along with the Toyota Matrix, for the 2017 model year.
The Escalade is built in Arlington, Texas.
It was unveiled on January 25, 2010, at the Beijing Auto Show and sales began in China on April 8, 2010.
The band was also acclaimed and ranked number one in HMV Japan's 2003 list of "100 most influential Japanese musicians".
In September 1997, it was replaced by the Xsara, but production in Europe continued until 1998.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
The DVD Calypso by Brazil was 24 weeks on the bestseller list of Brazil.
From 1961 to 1976, the Lincoln Continental was the sole model sold by the division.
After playing with the Amboy Dukes, he embarked on a solo career.
Built to Destroy is the fourth album by the Michael Schenker Group.
With 2012 sales of $6.12 billion, it is the largest American retailer of women's lingerie.
Mitsubishi replaced this series in 2012 with a new generation which reverted to the Mirage name.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
Kang Seung-yoonJanuary 21, 1994), known as Seungyoon, is a South Korean singer-songwriter, actor, and leader of boy group Winner.
With the latest incarnation of the E-Class released for the 2017 model year, all body styles share the same W213 platform.
The Lincoln MKX is a mid-size luxury crossover SUV manufactured and sold by Lincoln.
Crosby departed the group in 1991 following the Japanese leg of the Detonator Tour, and died in 2002 following a heroin overdose.
In September 1986, his debut album, Shake It Paradise, peaked at number twenty-two and remained on the Oricon Albums Chart for seven consecutive weeks.
The game introduces his signature abilities to flutter jump, produce eggs from swallowed enemies, and transform into vehicles.
New CEO Lee Iacocca was credited with returning the company to profitability in the 1980s.
Production ended with the closure of the Wilmington Assembly plant in July 2009.
Their sound has been described as an "ethno-introspective ambient world music."
His projects include GOD, Techno Animal, Ice, Curse of the Golden Vampire, Pressure, and most recently, King Midas Sound and The Bug vs Earth.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
Ari Koivunen is a Finnish heavy metal singer who rose to fame as the winner of the Finnish singing competition Idols in 2007.
The group consists of mixed race members.
She official debuted in December 2014 with released her digital single Daybreak Rain.
Kenneth Clark "Kenny" Loggins is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The Doraville, Georgia assembly plant which produced the Montana closed on September 26, 2008.
SeeYa were known for their 2007 hit song "Love's Greetings", and won Best Female Group at the Mnet Asian Music Awards that same year.
The first generation Odyssey was marketed in Europe as the Shuttle.
"Lights Out" was released in 2010, his first single released in the UK for almost 17 years.
The introduction of the Mustang created a new class of automobile known as the pony car.
This is the discography of South Korean boy band Super Junior, produced and managed by SM Entertainment.
Elsewhere, the changes are less prominent and mainly restricted to minor trimmings, such as wheels and taillamp lenses inserts.
Jung made her acting debut in the coming-of-age drama, Reply 1997 in 2012.
The Mitsubishi Town Box is a kei car produced for the domestic market by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
It is a blend of Indian grain spirits and imported Scotch malts.
Since June 8, 2005, Nissan Motors has received 36,000 eK Wagons annually from Mitsubishi, to be sold within the domestic market as the Nissan Otti.
The Acura EL was a compact executive car built at Honda's Alliston, Ontario, plant, and also the first Acura built in Canada.
The Peugeot 107 is a city car produced by French automaker Peugeot and launched in June 2005.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
In 2011, Mitsubishi Motors was the sixth biggest Japanese automaker and the sixteenth biggest worldwide by production.
In December 2010, Honda introduced a less expensive base model for the 2011 model year.
The group debuted in July 9, 2010 with the EP Girl's Day Party #1, with the song "Tilt My Head" as their first single.
Lambda vehicles feature easily accessible three-row seating.
The group won a Japanese Grammy in 1992.
South Korean R&B, Soul and Hip-hop singer Ra.D has released four studio albums, one extended play and eight singles since debuting in 2002.
"Angels on My Side" was released as the second single from the album on 13 May 2016.
Mariana Rios Botelho is a Brazilian actress and singer.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
They were also generally well received by critics.
Family is a 2012 South Korean family sitcom starring Hwang Shin-hye, Ahn Suk-hwan, Park Ji-yoon and Park Hee-von.
h.c. F. Porsche AG, usually shortened to Porsche AG, is a German automobile manufacturer specializing in high-performance sports cars, SUVs and sedans.
While not the longest vehicle ever sold by the brand, it is the heaviest production Lincoln ever built.
The Dodge Silver Challenger was produced from 1958 to 1959, as a version of the full-sized Dodge Coronet model.
He got his name from a fictional character named "El Romano".
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
The RX name stands for Radiant Crossover.
Nadeem–Shravan are a music director duo in the Bollywood film industry of India.
Its best known brands are Ray-Ban, Persol, and Oakley.
A concept truck was re-badged as the Street Raider and designed by Mitsubishi's California design studio.
In 2017, Go will play the role of Eliza Schuyler Hamilton in the West End production of Hamilton.
In the 80's, the band released concert films, and live and compilation albums to much commercial success.
This passed the previous record of 3.00 million set by the album Distance by Hikaru Utada in Japan in 2001.
The single became Kubota's first number one hit.
He is among the all-time best-selling Japanese music artists, having sold over 16 million records worldwide to date.
Park Cho-a, better known by the mononym Choa, is a South Korean idol singer and actress.
Complicating matters further are the changes from 2010 onwards as certifications have become based on a combined figure of sales and streaming, instead of sales alone.
The following is a list of notable events and releases that are expected to happen in 2017 in music in South Korea.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Under the label, Kubota released his first single, "Shitsui no Downtown" in June 1986, followed by "Time Shower ni Utarete" in December.
It is known as the Mitsubishi Montero in the Americas, and Spain, while in the United Kingdom it is known as the Mitsubishi Shogun.
They were particularly successful in Japan and won the 1981 Tokyo Music Festival with the song "Sexy Music".
It is the second largest automobile manufacturer in India.
The second generation CLS-Class was introduced in September 2010 and production started in the beginning of 2011.
The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA.
Their albums have sold over 10 million copies.
The range was launched in 2003 in the sedan body style.
All models built in Mexico or sold in the United States are only available in long wheelbase.
A lower-displacement V6 model, the GS 250, premiered at the Auto Guangzhou Exhibition in November 2011, targeted at Asian and European markets.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
Infiniti Chairman Andy Palmer assumed de Nysschen's responsibilities.
The most visible minority were sports games that were mostly derivatives of Pong.
The Mercedes-Benz W126 is a series of S-Class automobiles manufactured by Mercedes-Benz between 1979 and 1992.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The Buick Lucerne was a Fullsize luxury car that was made by General Motors.
The group's third EP, Russian Roulette, was released on September 7, 2016, along with the title track of the same name.
The song's lyrics tells of a fallen relationship in which the protagonist couldn't stand the stalking of her obsessed ex-lover.
40, respectively, as well as other songs such as "Wanted Man", "You're in Love" and "Dance".
His nicknames include "The Prince of Romantic Music".
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The Civic coupe is still considered a compact car.
Chrysler Group LLC remained a subsidiary until December 15, 2014, when it was renamed FCA US LLC, to reflect the Fiat-Chrysler merger.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
The Pilot is sold in North America, while the Honda MDX was marketed in Japan and Australia for several years.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
She is a singer, songwriter, producer, musical conductor, multi-instrumentalist, dancer, voice actress and social activist.
It was released by V2 on 8 March 1999.
The Buick Lucerne was a Fullsize luxury car that was made by General Motors.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
Infiniti is the luxury vehicle division of Japanese automaker Nissan.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Over their career, they have found success incorporating elements of heavy metal, hardcore punk, pop, funk, hip hop and ska into their sound.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
The Hummer H2 is an SUV and SUT that was marketed by Hummer and built by AM General from 2002 to 2009.
It was a commercial success, reaching number-one in several music markets.
Singers Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhonsle also sang in few albums for the duo.
The Korean hip hop group Big Bang first began their career in 2006, with their formation being documented on television.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
She made her debut after she won a popular local singing competition show Bintang HMI in 1995 when she was only 16.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
He began his career as a child actor when he was nine, and later appeared in the television series The Return of Iljimae and Queen Seondeok.
Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
Among them, Yamashita recorded "Misty Mauve" for Artisan, although it was not released until 2002 on his Rarities album.
As of February 2014, the 2014 Tahoe was the top-ranked Affordable Large SUV in U.S. News & World Report's rankings.
Southern All Stars, also known by the abbreviations Sazan and SAS, is a Japanese rock band that first formed in 1974.
Travis is a Scottish rock band formed in Glasgow in 1990, composed of Fran Healy, Dougie Payne, Andy Dunlop and Neil Primrose.
The following year, Wallace led his childhood friends to chart success through his protégé group, Junior M.A.F.I.A.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
13 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and sold more than a million copies.
For its followup, the name of Liberty was retired; the next generation restored the name of "Cherokee".
Traditionally, the competitor from Nissan was the Nissan Bluebird.
Glory Fades", both received airplay on MTV2 and Fuse TV, entering the top 40 on the United Kingdom Singles Chart.
In November 2010, Kubota released his sixth compilation album Love & Rain: Love Songs.
The firm manufactures and sells automobiles in Canada, and also in the United States and other countries around the world.
All seating rows are arranged in a "theatre style", whereby the first row is the lowest and the last row is the highest.
The Ford Expedition is a fullsize SUV that is made by Ford Motor Company.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
For 1985, the "400" suffix was dropped.
The band has released nine studio albums, two live albums, three video albums and three EPs.
The group is best known for their unconventional and experimental style of alternative metal music.
Bébé le Strange is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Heart.
In 2013, The Telegraph ranked Grand Theft Auto among Britain's most successful exports.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
Denise left for a solo career in 1978 and youngest sister Coleen, who had previously made occasional appearances, became a full-time member in 1980, replacing Anne.
Upon release, the album received mixed reviews, but was commercially successful and was awarded platinum status in the US by the RIAA.
The Citroën C3 is a supermini car produced by Citroën since April 2002.
The band released Four, their fourth studio album, in 2012 through Frenchkiss Records.
The next generations, the M35/45 and M37/56/35h/30d, became the flagship of the Infiniti brand and are based on the JDM Nissan Fuga.
The Oricon Singles Chart is the Japanese music industry standard singles popularity chart issued daily, weekly, monthly and yearly by Oricon.
With 2012 sales of $6.12 billion, it is the largest American retailer of women's lingerie.
Original member Katona was asked to come back, and she agreed.
The Pilot is badged Honda MR-V in the Middle East.
Park released an English mixtape, Fresh Air: Breathe It, in a run up to his APAHM tour in the USA.
In 2016 the hybrid market share accounted for 38% of new standard passenger car sales, and 25.7% of new passenger vehicle sales including kei cars.
They are also the only group to ever have 44 songs on the Oricon Top 100 weekly single chart simultaneously.
All other releases are included in the posthumous sections, and obviously all compact disc box sets were also released after Presley's death.
The Chevrolet Cobalt is a compact car initially introduced by Chevrolet in 2004 for the 2005 model year.
Prior to the introduction of the Pilot, Honda marketed the compact crossover CR-V, and the Honda Passport, that was a pickup truck-based design.
The name HHR is an initialism for Heritage High Roof.
Super Junior has formed five sub-groups, which target different markets.
The album, like its predecessors, peaked at number one and became certified million.
Originally a 9-member group, in 2012 they became a trio, consisting of Park Yong-in, Jo Hyunah and Kwon Soon-il.
It is also badge engineered as the Renault Samsung SM5.
It was released on August 11, 2009 through Universal Motown.
Starting with the 2009 model year all Lambda vehicles have GM LLT 3.6-liter gasoline direct injection engine for improved fuel efficiency, horsepower and torque.
1 on Billboard's Independent Albums chart, No.
It was founded by Carcass guitarist Michael Amott along with Johan Liiva, who were both originally from the influential death metal band Carnage.
During 2009 the UK Subsidiary was renamed MG Motor UK.
In 2003, she collaborated with Nena on the song "Anyplace, Anywhere, Anytime", which topped the Dutch charts.
Having debuted as a 2007 model in December 2006, the first-generation MKX is a rebadged variant of the Ford Edge.
The Torrent shared the Equinox's 185 hp 3.4 L V6 with the 5-Speed Aisin AF33 automatic transmission.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
Today's EPA standards reduced the estimates to 49 City/61 Highway/53 Combined.
The Kansas Lottery offers $1, $2, $5, $10, and $20 scratch tickets, plus $1 and $2 instant "pull-tab" games.
Ratt's later work would never surpass the success of Out of the Cellar.
Chrysler Group LLC remained a subsidiary until December 15, 2014, when it was renamed FCA US LLC, to reflect the Fiat-Chrysler merger.
Through its production, the Mercury Sable was produced on the Ford D186 and Ford D3 platforms.
It was founded in 1985 and produces cars under the Volkswagen and Škoda marques.
Since 28 December 1995 she has been married to Oleksandr Ksenofontov, a Ukrainian record producer.
To date, he has recorded collabs with artists such as Wale, Warren G, Gaeko, Krizz Kaliko, MFBTY, and Primary.
Under the label, Kubota released his first single, "Shitsui no Downtown" in June 1986, followed by "Time Shower ni Utarete" in December.
A series of mergers in the early 2000s added aquarium, bird, ferret, and other specialty products to the company's catalogs.
To date, she has sold more than 4.9 million in record sales.
The album debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart and sold 162,000 copies in its first week.
However their reports and charts are only available to industry insiders and are not available to the general public.
In 1989, Kubota released his compilation album, The Baddest.
An altered version appeared in 2002 with the original bass and drum parts removed and re-recorded.
The name Tahoe refers to the rugged and scenic area surrounding Lake Tahoe in the western United States.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
It gave Astley another hit single in the ballad "Cry for Help" which became a Top 10 in both the UK and US.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
Her debut single, "Jerat Percintaan", won the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu and another two awards for Best Performance and Best Ballad.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
However, that was under the old EPA standards.
Marvel Animated Features is a series of eight direct-to-video animated films made by MLG Productions, a joint venture between Marvel Studios and Lions Gate Entertainment.
The Acura EL was a sales success.
Mitsubishi Motors Australia Limited is a fully owned subsidiary of parent company Mitsubishi Motors Corporation of Japan.
The album features "Hitori Jouzu", a song released as a lead single in October 1980 and became her second top-ten hit on the Japanese Oricon.
The Lottery sponsors several races at the Kansas Speedway, including the Kansas Lottery 150 and the Kansas Lottery 300.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
In addition, Kubota has composed and written songs for many singers including Iwasaki Hiromi, Misia, Toshinori Yonekura, Koizumi Kyoko, and many other recording artists.
They have participated in many other albums and OSTs.
Mariachi Sol de México were featured in the video, they also were the backup singers in the song.
The Lincoln MKT is a full-size luxury crossover SUV built and marketed by the Ford Motor Company's Lincoln Motor Company division since the 2010 model year.
The band is composed of Keisuke Kuwata, Yuko Hara, Kazuyuki Sekiguchi, Hiroshi Matsuda and Hideyuki "Kegani" Nozawa.
Following this, She was cast for the 30th anniversary staging of Les Miserables to play the role of Fantine.
After 25 years, the band is still recording music and performing.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Luxottica Group S.p.A. is an Italian eyewear company.
The Suburban has been produced under the Chevrolet, Holden,Plymouth and GMC marques until the GMC version was rebranded as the GMC Yukon XL.
The SC 430 features a hardtop convertible design and a V8 engine.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
His subsequent recordings have also received gold and/or platinum status.
Alongside this, her compilation albums 181920 and Best Fiction are two of the best-selling greatest hits albums in Japan.
It has since been updated to include songs such as "Un Monde parfait".
Kenny Lattimore is an American R&B singer.
The following is a comprehensive discography of B'z, a Japanese rock band.
The song "Just Right" was used to promote the EP.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
VWoA is responsible for five marques: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and Volkswagen cars.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The first single, "Rockferry" had little impact, whilst the second and lead single internationally, "Mercy", was an international hit, topping over twelve music charts.
Four-wheel drive versions have also been produced.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The deal was completed on January 21, 2014, making Chrysler Group a subsidiary of Fiat S.p.A.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The vehicle was developed by Shanghai Volkswagen Automotive and Volkswagen Passenger Cars, and is partially based on the PQ46 platform used by the European Passat.
Kwon Ki-bum, known as Bumkey, is a South Korean R&B singer under Brand New Music.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
Deliveries to retail customers in the United States and Canada began in December 2013.
Park released an English mixtape, Fresh Air: Breathe It, in a run up to his APAHM tour in the USA.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
BtoB is a South Korean boy group formed in 2012 by Cube Entertainment.
The Cobalt replaced both the Cavalier and the Toyota-based Geo Prizm/Chevrolet Prizm as Chevrolet's compact car.
As a 4-door crossover with a front engine and four-wheel drive, the Aztek featured a four-speed automatic transmission with a V-6 engine.
The firm next introduced the second generation model in 2009.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
After her initial period of success, Abdul suffered a series of setbacks in her professional and personal life.
This list was made public in a prime-time nationwide broadcast on M6 on February 6, 2004.
K put his musical activities on hold in 2010 so he could complete the Korean mandatory military service.
This list was made public in a prime-time nationwide broadcast on M6 on February 6, 2004.
It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States, as well as in other countries including Egypt and Venezuela.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
As a result, her congressional campaign did not take place.
It was released in the United States by Mercury Records.
It was a more soulful song when compared to his other releases and was mainly intended for the North American market.
The GMC Terrain is a crossover SUV that is made by General Motors.
Over the next few years, Fiat gradually acquired the other parties' shares while removing much of the weight of the loans in a short period.
L'Aura is an Italian singer, songwriter, composer, pianist and violinist.
It is well known for his collaborations with Japanese vocalists, such as "Garden of Love" with Thelma Aoyama, which topped the iTunes Japan internal charts.
The 107 replaces the 106, which ceased production in July 2003 after twelve years.
Koivunen is vocalist of the Finnish metal band Amoral.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The related album, Waiting for the Day appeared in the top 20 on the ARIA Albums Chart and achieved platinum certification from ARIA.
It was the first album to feature guitarist Zakk Wylde and the first to feature bassist Bob Daisley since Bark at the Moon.
Snoop Dogg also appeared as a special guest judge during the guerrilla mission.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
As of 2002, a Denali version of the Yukon XL has also been available as the Yukon XL Denali.
The video featured Selena and the Barrio Boyzz' dancing in the styles of hip hop.
A rebadged version named the Daewoo G2X was unveiled as a concept vehicle for the South Korean market in 2006.
They have participated in many other albums and OSTs.
The Dodge Avenger made its North American debut in 1994 as a two-door coupe, which was produced until 2000.
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.
The original Z in Z1 stood for Zukunft.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
All generations of the Taurus have been built at the Chicago Assembly.
In 2011, production of all three Panther-platform vehicles ended as the St. Thomas facility ended production in September 2011.
The album was released on March 17, 2015 through Epitaph Records.
The show has grown in popularity since the first season aired in 2012, and it is credited with increasing the Korean public's interest in hip hop.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Toshinobu Kubota has produced six million-seller records and thirty-three Top 40 singles during his career.
Oh Hyuk is trilingual, speaking Mandarin Chinese, Korean, and English; and his diverse cultural influences are directly reflected in hyukoh's music.
Early X5 models include xDrive50i, xDrive30d, M50d.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The band has played in various festivals around the world including Ozzfest, Phoenix Festival and Damnation Festival.
Luxottica Group S.p.A. is an Italian eyewear company.
She is signed to YMC Entertainment in South Korea and Warner Music in Japan.
55 on the Billboard Top 200, which none of their previous five albums had dented at all.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
In 2014 Mercedes officially ceased using the CL-Class designation, instead moving the segments' vehicle naming back to the S-Class Coupe/Convertible label.
The record contains the hits "Wild Side" and "Girls, Girls, Girls".
Gran Turismo has held the title of being the number one seller and highest production Polyphony Digital has ever seen.
In September 1988, Kubota released his third album, Such A Funky Thang!.
For its entire production, the Lincoln Aviator was assembled at St. Louis Assembly in Hazelwood, Missouri, alongside the Ford Explorer and Mercury Mountaineer.
McPhee has also established an acting career, co-starring in The House Bunny and Shark Night 3D.
BMW branded the X5 as a Sport Activity Vehicle rather than an SUV, to emphasize its on-road ability despite its size.
In 1998, Chrysler merged with German automaker Daimler-Benz AG to form DaimlerChrysler; the merger proved contentious with investors.
The Relay scored three "Good"s and two "acceptable"s in Insurance Institute for Highway Safety crash tests.
Production of the Up started in December 2011 at the Volkswagen Bratislava Plant in Bratislava, Slovakia.
The Chrysler Sebring is a line of mid-size luxury automobiles that was sold from 1995 through 2010 by Chrysler.
Their first album, Polyserena reached #1 in the Australian Charts on 17 March 2002.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The group won a Japanese Grammy in 1992.
Michel Sanchez started his own career as singer on 2005 and Eric Mouquet continued working under "Deep Forest".
It only came one way for 2010, lacking the navigation package of the 2008 Limited trim, and only came equipped with leather seating.
Unpretty Rapstar is a 2015 South Korean music competition program focusing on female rappers.
Kwon Jin-ah is a South Korean singer, songwriter and guitarist.
Victoria's Secret is an American designer, manufacturer, and marketer of women's premium lingerie, womenswear, and beauty products.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group 2NE1.
In 2011, Ferreri competed in 61st Sanremo Music Festival, performing the song "Il mare immenso", which later became a gold-selling single in Italy.
L'Arc-en-Ciel is a Japanese rock band, founded in Osaka in 1991.
The Chevrolet Malibu is a mid-size car manufactured and marketed by Chevrolet from 1964 to 1983 and since 1997.
The album peaked at number one and sold over a half million records worldwide.
The Department of Foreign Affairs, which is one of the government's arms of emigration, grants Filipinos passports that allow entry to foreign countries.
The Chinese, Japanese, and South Korean versions of the game were bundled with a 212-page driving guide and lessons on the physics of racing.
Super Junior has formed five sub-groups, which target different markets.
SAIC Volkswagen sold a total of 1.16 million vehicles in 2011.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
The album, like its predecessors, peaked at number one and became certified million.
The name Yukon refers to the Yukon territory of northern Canada.
This is the first album to feature one-time John Waite bassist Donnie Nossov, who replaced Roger Capps in Benatar's band.
She is also one of Malaysia's best selling artists, for instance, her album sales alone contributed to 10 percent of Malaysia's total album sales in 2001.
The record earned Jones five Grammy Awards, including the Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best New Artist.
The sailboat building division of Tiara Yachts located in Holland, Michigan.
The 408 is not slated for the Western European market, and not built there.
A C126 2-door coupé versions was introduced in September 1981.
It was released in the United States on February 14, 1976 through the subsidiary of Mushroom Records in Los Angeles.
A luxury Denali model joined the Yukon lineup in 1998.
Production of the Solstice was to be running before summer 2005, but delays at the Wilmington plant pushed volume production to the fourth quarter.
The Doors became one of the most popular rock bands of their era.
Three generations of convertibles, two generations of sedans, and two generations of coupes were produced.
The album, like its predecessors, peaked at number one and became certified million.
Ilsyah Ryan Reza split from the band in 2014.
The latter peaked at number seven on the Gaon Digital Chart, and the album sold over 50,000 copies.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
He first gained widespread fame in Korea and parts of Asia with his role as Gu Jun-pyo in Boys Over Flowers in 2009.
Ford has sold over 16 million Fiestas since 1976, making it one of the best selling Ford marques behind the Escort and the F-Series.
It was first unveiled at the 2008 Paris Motor Show as a concept car named "Drooneel", and was designed by Donato Coco and Jean-Pierre Ploué.
He expanded the company in 1928 with the acquisition of Fargo Trucks and Dodge Brothers, and the creation of the Plymouth and DeSoto brands.
All GX production has occurred at the Tahara plant in Japan, alongside the Toyota Land Cruiser Prado.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Turner holds the spot as the 8th best selling female artist of all time out of all genres, with record sales of over 180 million worldwide.
The Nova nameplate returned in 1985, produced through 1988 as a NUMMI manufactured, subcompact based on the front wheel drive, Japan home-based Toyota Sprinter.
It is the successor to the Chevrolet Uplander, the Chevrolet TrailBlazer, the Chevrolet HHR, the Chevrolet Astro, and the Saturn Outlook.
While not the longest vehicle ever sold by the brand, it is the heaviest production Lincoln ever built.
The timeline of the events of the riots spanned from 6–10 August.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
The role won him a Best New Actor award at the 45th Baeksang Arts Awards.
Development began on the S-197 program in 1999 under chief engineer Hau Thai-Tang, shortly after the 1998 launch of "New Edge" SN-95 facelift.
Transitioning into westernised R&B music, she released her third album Genius 2000.
It was founded in 1985 and produces cars under the Volkswagen and Škoda marques.
Some of its special effects were powered by a new Super FX2 microchip.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
The Mercedes-Benz W126 is a series of S-Class automobiles manufactured by Mercedes-Benz between 1979 and 1992.
Kubota released "The Baddest: Hit Parade" in November 2011, which peaked at number two.
Their sound has been described as an "ethno-introspective ambient world music."
Both rear and all-wheel drive models were offered.
The LX is Lexus' largest and most expensive luxury SUV.
It was founded in 1985 and produces cars under the Volkswagen and Škoda marques.
It was last redesigned for the 2006 model year with a new frame, looking very similar to its previous model.
The tC is considered the spiritual successor to the Toyota Celica, made to appeal to the millennial market in the US.
According to the company, Yoojin is planning to concentrate on her education and will study abroad, while Hyeran is on an indefinite medical hiatus.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
This passed the previous record of 3.00 million set by the album Distance by Hikaru Utada in Japan in 2001.
At Last is a set of covers that reinvent classic songs, such as the title track "At Last", "Walk On By" and "Stay".
He enjoyed a resurgence in chart performance during the late 1990s and 2000s, when he recorded some of his most-awarded work.
In November 1986, voters approved a constitutional amendment authorizing the creation of a government-run lottery.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
The first generation model, based on the BMW 3-Series, was available with rear-wheel-drive and all-wheel-drive configurations.
The third-generation models were the first GS sedans to be sold domestically in Japan.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
She debuted in 2012 as a member of 15&.
L.A. Woman, was the final Doors album with frontman Jim Morrison, who died of undetermined causes in Paris shortly after the album's release.
Martin Ramon Razon Nievera is a Filipino singer, songwriter, and actor.
As a result, Chrysler was sold to Cerberus Capital Management and renamed Chrysler LLC in 2007.
The Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant was inaugurated on May 24, 2011, and currently builds the US-spec Volkswagen Passat.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
It was originally known as the Walkerville Wagon Works, and was located in Walkerville, Ontario.
The XLR was nominated for the North American Car of the Year award for 2004.The XLR replaced the Allante.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The discography of English recording artist Rick Astley consists of eight studio albums, five compilation albums, two remix albums, and seventeen singles.
Lambda is General Motors' full-size crossover SUV automobile platform.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
In fact, both generations of the GX have been heavily based on the Prado, with updated frontal styling to better integrate with the Lexus design language.
Deep Forest is a musical group originally consisting of two French musicians, Michel Sanchez and Eric Mouquet.
Manitowoc Cranes is a division of The Manitowoc Company, Inc in the United States.
1 hits, as well as gold and platinum records.
She wrote the music for "Cruise" and "L.A.F.S.," also producing the sound for "L.A.F.S."
In its last year, the TL was sold in Japan.
Ana Carolina Sousa is a Brazilian singer, composer, and musician.
The Lincoln MKS continues Lincoln's three-letter nomenclature for new models, preceded by the MKZ, MKT, and MKX, and followed by the MKC.
The song was also used as the theme song of Japanese television drama series Long Vacation.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
She is also a former gravure idol.
The SLK is built in Bremen, Germany.
Four albums reached number one in the Billboard charts along with two number one singles.
A second generation NSX was launched in 2015 and features a twin-turbocharged mid-engine, a nine-speed dual-clutch transmission, and Sport Hybrid SH-AWD.
It was officially launched on 12 July 2007.
On November 24, Pod obojím was released through independent art company Studio DVA, involved exclusively in theatrical productions.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
The Dodge Avenger was a front-wheel drive, mid-sized sedan that was built by Dodge.
The Lincoln MKS continues Lincoln's three-letter nomenclature for new models, preceded by the MKZ, MKT, and MKX, and followed by the MKC.
Children of Bodom's first release under their new name was the split single Children of Bodom, released in January 1997.
In 2014, assembly from complete knockdown kits of the XJ would commence in Jaguar Land Rover's facility in Pune, India.
Fogerty was listed on Rolling Stone magazine's list of 100 Greatest Guitarists and the list of 100 Greatest Singers.
The sisters have pursued varying solo careers in acting, music and television presenting.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
This is the last album featuring guitarist Mark Beauchemin, who left the band for personal reasons; and bassist Jeff Reid, for medical reasons.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
It was founded in 1932 by Adriaan van Well.
British video game developer DMA Design began the series in 1997.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
In any event, the production of the Falcon station wagon was terminated in September 2010.
In 1987, Chrysler acquired American Motors Corporation, which brought the profitable Jeep brand under the Chrysler umbrella.
The first generation Insight is the most fuel efficient gasoline-powered car available in the U.S. without plug-in capability for the length of its production run.
On the cover they were listed as "Skatterman & Snug Brim," but the inside of the case displayed "Skatterman & Snug Brim AKA Yung Gunz."
Both generations were built in Japan and exclusive to Toyota North American Scion dealerships.
As of February 2014, the 2014 Tahoe was the top-ranked Affordable Large SUV in U.S. News & World Report's rankings.
The Dodge Durango is a sport utility vehicle produced by Dodge.
Upon release, the album received mixed reviews, but was commercially successful and was awarded platinum status in the US by the RIAA.
On January 1, 2014, Fiat S.p.A announced a deal to purchase the rest of Chrysler from the United Auto Workers retiree health trust.
In 2005, Monkey Majik were signed to major label Avex Entertainment, and continue to release under the Binyl Records sub-label.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and No.
She is the only musician to have participated in the National Language Council of Japan.
The album peaked at number one and was certified million.
The most recent version is called the Delica D:5.
The car is also produced in China by Changfeng Automobile as the Changfeng Liebao Feiteng CFA 6400.
Now in its fourth generation, the GS sold under the Aristo name in Japan only until the release of the third generation in 2005.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
From its introduction through 2009, it was marketed by Dodge.
He made it to the 2nd part of the finals too.
Rockferry is the debut studio album by Welsh singer Duffy, released on 3 March 2008 in the United Kingdom by A&M Records.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
In the same year, the group won the Top CF Models award at MTN Awards for their numerous commercials.
Nugent is also noted for conservative political views, his lifelong stance against drug and alcohol abuse and advocacy of hunting and gun ownership rights.
"You and I" was also awarded "Best Digital Single" at the 2010 Mnet Asian Music Awards.
The album peaked to number 56 on the German Albums Chart.
The Ford F-Series is a series of light-duty trucks and medium-duty trucks that have been marketed and manufactured by Ford Motor Company since 1948.
It peaked at number 9 on the UK Albums Chart and number 31 on the US Billboard 200.
Victoria's Secret is an American designer, manufacturer, and marketer of women's premium lingerie, womenswear, and beauty products.
Lyn released her first album, My First Confession, using her birth name 'Lee Se-jin', but in 2002, she adapted the stage name, 'Lyn'.
Their interpretation, featuring Sakurai's vocals, was included on their 2004 Soushi Souai album.
Since Uta de shika Ienai album, Nakajima came to appoint those distinguished players for her recording.
The same car launched in 1991 as the Toyota Aristo in Japan, but the Lexus-badged model did not appear until 1993.
The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand.
Extended production of the Mazda lasted until 2010, with the Ford lingering on until 2012.
With its British origin, the series contains satire and humour.
She speaks moderate Chinese, and because of this, she has a notable fanbase in China.
The Boeing Model 15 was a United States single-seat open-cockpit biplane fighter aircraft of the 1920s, manufactured by the Boeing company.
In April 2005, Rover branded cars ceased to be produced when the MG Rover Group became insolvent.
It is originated from Persian یاسمین or یاسمن, which means the Yas flower.
Before North American sales began, the car was shown in the 2002 movie Men in Black II.
SAIC Volkswagen is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Anting, China and a joint venture between Volkswagen Group and SAIC Motor.
As with their predecessors, all Cobalts and its Pontiac equivalents were manufactured at GM's plant in Ramos Arizpe, Mexico and Lordstown, Ohio.
The 50,000th RCZ was built on 14 February 2013 and was painted in Moroccan Red, a new red on the facelifted vehicle.
According to Lexus, the HS designation stands for Harmonious Sedan.
His vocal abilities captured the attention of several different recording artists and following his graduation, Mustafa Sandal became involved in song writing also for notable singers.
In 1987, Chrysler acquired American Motors Corporation, which brought the profitable Jeep brand under the Chrysler umbrella.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
Big Bang is known for involvement in composing and producing their own music.
The Ford Edge is a Midsize crossover SUV that is manufactured by Ford Motor Company.
The LX is Lexus' largest and most expensive luxury SUV.
Under this scheme, SUVs use the base name "GL", followed by the model's placement in Mercedes-Benz hierarchy.
The Volkswagen Up is a city car, part of the Volkswagen Group New Small Family series of models, unveiled at the 2011 International Motor Show Germany.
South Korean R&B singer Lyn has released eleven studio albums, two extended plays, and twenty-six singles since debuting in 2000.
The Mercedes-Benz W205 is an entry-level luxury car which is being produced by the German automaker Mercedes-Benz from 2014, under the C-Class model names.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Jung SanJanuary 23, 1985), more commonly known by his stage name San E, is a South Korean rapper contracted under Brand New Music.
EvoL was a five-member South Korean girl group under the label Stardom Entertainment.
The Chevrolet Tahoe is a mid-size SUV from General Motors.
The band began the new decade with the release of the long-awaited Crack a Smile... and More!, followed by the Power to the People album.
Acura holds the distinction of being the first Japanese automotive luxury brand.
Upon release, the album received mixed reviews, but was commercially successful and was awarded platinum status in the US by the RIAA.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Under certain circumstances, the pedal can stick in a partially depressed position, or return slowly to the off position.
The DS 4's styling has been very well received by the international press.
In July 2004, Go released her self-titled debut album with the singles "Love of My Life" and a remake of "Don't Cry Out Loud".
The XLR was nominated for the North American Car of the Year award for 2004.The XLR replaced the Allante.
Presented to the press in December 1992, the car was produced between 1992 and 2001, with a facelift in 1997.
Becoming the first Asian-American to sign with the label.
The BMW X3 is a compact luxury crossover SUV manufactured by German automaker BMW since 2003.
Following their appearance in the Artpop tour, the group debuted their first subunit in October.
The 107 replaces the 106, which ceased production in July 2003 after twelve years.
Some controversy resulted after the media highlighted a number of rollovers involving Explorers and Mountaineers fitted with Firestone tires.
It was shown at the Geneva Motor Show in March 2007.
For the 1987 season, the turbocharger received an intercooler and the power from the turbo engine changed from 140 to 150 hp.
Park Bom began her musical career in 2006, featuring on singles released by label-mates Big Bang, Lexy and Masta Wu.
Each member alternates singing lead vocals, often within the same song, with the exception of Ue-chan, who provides backup vocals almost exclusively.
In 2008, Ford produced 5.532 million automobiles and employed about 213,000 employees at around 90 plants and facilities worldwide.
Unpretty Rapstar 3 is a 2016 South Korean music competition program focusing on female rappers.
The F07 Gran Turismo is the first 5 Series to be available in a fastback body style.
No compilations were released in season 7.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
Apart from being the first and only Australian-made SUV, it was also the first local vehicle to feature an electronic stability control.
It is foreseen that the Development Fund will reach $55 billion by March 2013 and $61 billion by March 2014.
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
Both rear-wheel drive and all-wheel drive configurations are available for the Australian market.
Ford once owned 5 other luxury brands: Volvo, Land Rover, Jaguar, Aston Martin and Mercury.
In the Lincoln model line, the Continental has served various roles, ranging from the top-trim sedan to the base-trim sedan.
His artistic influences include Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Donny Hathaway, and Sly Stone.
Georges was the seventh tropical storm, fourth hurricane, and second major hurricane of the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season.
Throughout her career, she has worked with different types of music, ranging from dansband and schlager, via modern pop, to soulful ballads and jazz melodies.
Initially, the coupe came in base, Enthusiast, Performance, Touring and Track versions, while the roadster was limited to Enthusiast and Touring trim levels.
As a result, her congressional campaign did not take place.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Their official fan club is named Ikimonogakari Fan Class 1-2
Although bearing little resemblance to the 1980-1982 Thunderbird, this generation also was derived from the Ford Fox platform and shared the Mercury Cougar as its counterpart.
The Terrain slots below the Acadia as GMC's smallest SUV.
The addition of Perry gave the band a more mainstream sound, and helped Journey attain their highest chart success to date.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
The Five Hundred was produced alongside the Montego and Freestyle at Chicago Assembly in Chicago, Illinois.
In May 1996, Kubota released "La La La Love Song."
Evil Pimp is an American recording rap artist from Memphis, Tennessee.
The Acura TSX is a medium-sized entry-level luxury car that was manufactured by Acura.
The Kansas Lottery offers $1, $2, $5, $10, and $20 scratch tickets, plus $1 and $2 instant "pull-tab" games.
GQ magazine described the whisky as "smooth and smoky", and gave it a rating of 6/10.
Development began on the S-197 program in 1999 under chief engineer Hau Thai-Tang, shortly after the 1998 launch of "New Edge" SN-95 facelift.
In 2013, the smaller ILX was introduced in both the United States and Canada, based upon the Civic platform.
The Cobalt replaced both the Cavalier and the Toyota-based Geo Prizm/Chevrolet Prizm as Chevrolet's compact car.
The sales of singles that are italicized are the compilation of sales in available markets instead of a worldwide sales figure.
Edward Finbar Wright, known popularly as Finbar Wright, is a popular music singer, songwriter, and poet from County Cork, Ireland.
Park became a permanent cast member of Saturday Night Live Korea in early 2013.
It was manufactured between 1987 and 1989 and sold by Merkur as 1988 and 1989 models.
Nugent is also noted for conservative political views, his lifelong stance against drug and alcohol abuse and advocacy of hunting and gun ownership rights.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
Her Eurovision winning song was included on the official compilation album called The Very Best of Eurovision celebrating the 60th anniversary of the contest.
Stephen Eric Pearcy, known as Stephen Pearcy, is an American musician.
Currently in its third model generation, a fourth-generation Ford Expedition is slated to enter production for the 2018 model year.
Her debut single, "Jerat Percintaan", won the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu and another two awards for Best Performance and Best Ballad.
They have participated in many other albums and OSTs.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Between 2010 and 2016 over 300 000 Giuliettas were built.
The Doors' third studio album Waiting for the Sun, was regarded as an artistic disappointment when compared to their earlier material.
Next, Santana released Abraxas, on September 1970, which topped the Billboard charts and earned five-times platinum.
It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
The TSX initially had a restyled interior and different suspension tuning than the European Accord when it was introduced.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
"Let It Rain" and "I Like the Sun" appear on his album 50.
The Honda Airwave was a subcompact car produced by the Japanese automaker Honda from 2005 to 2010.
The album also spawned the top-charted single "Dance If You Want It", which peaked at number three.
Super Junior has formed five sub-groups, which target different markets.
New Super Mario Bros. Wii is a 2009 side-scrolling platform video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
It was equipped with a six-speed automatic transmission with performance algorithm shifting and driver shift control.
The model remains on sale in Venezuela as of early 2016 having yet to be replaced by FCA Venezuela with the KL model Cherokee.
The Ford Focus is a compact hatchback manufactured by the Ford Motor Company since 1998.
It was the smallest of the 4-door Jeep SUVs up until the car platform based 4-door Compass and Patriot arrived for 2007.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
Cumulative global sales passed the 100,000 unit milestone in March 2016.
They made also an appearance in the movie Mr.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
The company also certifies albums and music videos based on unit sales and compiles the country's music chart.
"Stupid In Love" is a song by South Korean singer Sistar's Soyou and rapper Mad Clown.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
Four generations of the GS have been produced since 1993, each available with six-cylinder engines and rear-wheel drive.
Bioplastic materials are used for the vehicle interior.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The album charted at number nine on the Oricon Albums Chart.
This album was recorded during the band's "Departure" tour in 1980.
It is a conventional design with body-on-frame construction and a leaf spring/live axle rear end.
L.A. Woman was certified gold and platinum in several different countries.
The Terrain shares engineering with the Chevrolet Equinox.
The John Butler Trio's second studio album, Three, reached the top 30 on the Australian album charts and achieved platinum sales status.
Introduced in 1993 as a replacement for the 190 range, the C-Class was the smallest model in the marque's line-up until the A-Class arrived in 1997.
Jo Dong-rim, born March 25, 1985, better known by the stage name Mad Clown, is a South Korean rapper, songwriter, and record producer.
It is a charter member of the Multi-State Lottery Association.
This list was made public in a prime-time nationwide broadcast on M6 on February 6, 2004.
Yuki Kuramochi, known professionally as Yuki, is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter.
It is Flo Rida's most successful studio album, with a string of global top 5 hits, including "Good Feeling", "Wild Ones", "Whistle" and "I Cry".
Her mature and rebellious image was to be the direct opposite of the other pop rival, Seiko Matsuda, who projected a girl next door, sweet-natured charm.
The Z range has been produced in four different series with five generations, including coupe variants, one super car, and one concept.
In 2008, Ford produced 5.532 million automobiles and employed about 213,000 employees at around 90 plants and facilities worldwide.
It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States, as well as in other countries including Egypt and Venezuela.
It only came one way for 2010, lacking the navigation package of the 2008 Limited trim, and only came equipped with leather seating.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
Sezen Aksu is a Turkish pop music singer, songwriter and producer who has sold over 40 million albums worldwide.
"Siempre hace frio" was released to promote the remix album Siempre Selena.
In Japan, it filled a gap when the Honda Horizon was discontinued in 1999.
John William Feldmann is an American musician and producer.
It features hit singles from their albums Slide It In, Whitesnake and Slip of the Tongue.
Miho Katō, better known by her stage name of Miliyah Kato is a Japanese pop and urban singer-songwriter from Toyota, Aichi, Japan.
The album was certified 5× platinum and is one of the band's best-selling albums.
"Ankaralı" means from Ankara, denoting his musical style of Ankara's ethnic music.
For the article about the bicycle manufacturer, see Cycles Peugeot.
It spawned the single "Wide Open Road" in February, which peaked into the UK Top 30 and Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart.
Hyundai Motor India Limited was formed on 6 May 1996 by the Hyundai Motor Company of South Korea.
However, some Lexus importers use the backronymic name, "Luxury Four Wheel Drive".
The following lists detail the discography of Southern All Stars.
The company also certifies albums and music videos based on unit sales and compiles the country's music chart.
Shortly after her joining, the group signed to Monument Records, releasing their breakthrough album Wide Open Spaces in 1998.
Billboard Hot 100 and Number 1 in Canada.
which became the band's most successful album ever.
The danger is often not due to faulty design; usage and chance both play a role in injury and death incidents as well.
Nakajima wrote the song as a theme for Shin'ai Naru Mono e, a television drama that she made guest appearance as a doctor.
The group also contributed in a total of seven compilations and soundtracks.
It has also been labelled as "Recreation Cross Country" in some markets.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
Since 1986, Honda has been involved with artificial intelligence/robotics research and released their ASIMO robot in 2000.
A year following the release of The Invisible Band, the BPI awarded Travis with a 4x platinum certification for the album.
However, that was under the old EPA standards.
Infinity is Journey's fourth album, released in January 1978 on Columbia Records.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
Reaction to the Aura was positive, both in terms of reviews and sales.
Its design was inspired by the concept car Citroën DS Inside.
Neil McLellan is a producer, composer and mix engineer.
His first live album was a bestseller throughout 2010, selling over 100,000 copies.
Show Me The Money is a South Korean rap competition TV show that airs on Mnet.
Mercury is one of the best-selling female Latin American artists of all time.
Evil Pimp is an American recording rap artist from Memphis, Tennessee.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
A fast-selling album is defined as one with high sales in its first chart week following release.
The Chrysler Cirrus and its middle-priced variant Dodge Stratus are mid-sized 4-door notchback sedans introduced for the 1995 model year.
He placed seventh on the eleventh season of American Idol.
Originally a rear-wheel-drive intermediate, GM revived the Malibu nameplate as a front-wheel-drive car in 1997.
The song was at number one on the UK Singles Chart for five weeks, becoming the year's highest-selling single.
The Suburban has been produced under the Chevrolet, Holden,Plymouth and GMC marques until the GMC version was rebranded as the GMC Yukon XL.
She appeared in projects such as ASAP, Bituing Walang Ningning and Sarah G. Live!.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
A redesigned version of the car was shown at the 2012 Paris Motor Show on 27 September 2012 and was on sale in Europe by November.
While recording his second album, Wallace was heavily involved in the growing East Coast–West Coast hip hop feud.
This album reached fourth place on the Billboard 200 and earned two-times platinum status by the American national certification.
They have sold more CDs in the 2000s than any other Brazilian band and are currently the largest sellers of DVDs in Brazil.
These countries include Russia, Cyprus, Estonia and some others.
The word "corona" is Latin for "crown", a reference to an earlier vehicle Toyota offered called the Toyota Crown.
f(x) is a South Korea-based girl group formed by S.M.
The first version of the DTS was initially shown at the 2005 Chicago Auto Show on February 9.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
The Lincoln-Mercury Division marketed the Ford Five Hundred as the Mercury Montego, slotted below the Mercury Grand Marquis.
The label released Face Dances and It's Hard and their singles, before The Who disbanded.
Manitowoc Cranes produces four brands of cranes: Grove, National Crane, Manitowoc, and Potain and has two service brands, Manitowoc Crane Care and Manitowoc Finance.
The vehicle was also the first to be completely designed at Acura's southern California design studio in Torrance.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
As a result, there is no definitive standard for measuring sales.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
In 1991, she started a solo career with the release of a self-title album.
She debuted as a solo artist in February 2015 with the release of her EP, Beautiful.
They have had over 40 top-ten hit singles and 16 number-one albums on the Japan's Oricon Charts as of 2008.
The TSX would also eventually replace the Acura RSX in the US.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
It features an arrangement reminiscent of "Sympathy for the Devil" by The Rolling Stones.
It has been ranked asa the most economically free state in India by the Economic Freedom Rankings for the States of India.
The show has grown in popularity since the first season aired in 2012, and it is credited with increasing the Korean public's interest in hip hop.
It was a commercial success, reaching number-one in several music markets.
L'Arc-en-Ciel is a Japanese rock band, founded in Osaka in 1991.
A concept truck was re-badged as the Street Raider and designed by Mitsubishi's California design studio.
A concept truck was re-badged as the Street Raider and designed by Mitsubishi's California design studio.
He branched into television with the Japanese drama Kindaichi Shonen no Jikenbo and the South Korean television series Angel Eyes.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
All Kansas Lottery games have a minimum age of 18.
It is Mitsubishi's highest volume model in the Japanese domestic market, and total sales to 2005 are approximately 480,000.
BlackBerry was considered one of the most prominent smartphone vendors in the world, specializing in secure communications and mobile productivity.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The eleventh generation of the Ford Thunderbird is a personal luxury car that was produced by Ford for the 2001 to 2005 model years.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
It has been certified Silver in the UK, and Gold in the US and France.
Their first extended play, Reverie appeared in November 1982.
The 1993 Legend coupé featured Honda's first use of a six-speed manual transmission, mated to a Type II engine.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Shin Min-a is a South Korean model and actress.
The Honda Odyssey is a minivan manufactured and marketed by Japanese automaker Honda since 1994, now in its fifth generation.
They are also the only group to ever have 44 songs on the Oricon Top 100 weekly single chart simultaneously.
The album peaked at number three on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and sold 21,285 copies in its first week of release.
18 on the UK Albums Chart selling over ten million copies in the US, thus being certified diamond by the RIAA.
Built in the 1960s, the school, located on Lambs Road, has around 400 pupils, aged 4 to 11.
"You and I" was also awarded "Best Digital Single" at the 2010 Mnet Asian Music Awards.
The R-Class was offered in two wheelbases, 2,980 mm and 3,215 mm, the latter being the sole offering in the US.
It is available in two variants - Signature Rare Aged and Signature Premier Grain.
An altered version appeared in 2002 with the original bass and drum parts removed and re-recorded.
4Ten, commonly stylized as 4TEN, is a South Korean girl group formed by Jungle Entertainment in 2014.
The MKX features unibody construction and front-wheel-drive with available all-wheel-drive.
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker and the fifth-largest in the world based on 2015 vehicle production.
Yamashita composed the entire background music used on the unsuccessful TV series.
On 1 December 2007, Aleksander performed alongside Norwegian Pop-Rock artist, Marion Raven, at the Norwegian "Idol Gives Back" show.
Ikimono-gakari is a Japanese pop rock band from Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
In Japan, the Kluger is exclusive to dealership network called Toyota NETZ as a larger alternative to the RAV4.
Of the 20 best selling albums in Colombia, Colombian artists dominate the list with seventeen entries.
With 2012 sales of $6.12 billion, it is the largest American retailer of women's lingerie.
The tC is considered the spiritual successor to the Toyota Celica, made to appeal to the millennial market in the US.
The Crown Victoria shared the Ford Panther platform and major powertrain, body, and suspension components with the Lincoln Town Car and Mercury Grand Marquis.
It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011.
To date, the album has sold over 3 million copies worldwide.
The Dixie Chicks are an American country music group composed of Natalie Maines, along with Emily Robison and Martie Maguire, who are sisters.
Tonight was their first new material released in South Korea after two-year hiatus as a group.
D is a Japanese visual kei metal/rock band formed in 2003 by Asagi, Ruiza and Sin, after their previous band Syndrome disbanded.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
The Five Hundred/Montego utilize a standard front-wheel drive configuration; an electro-hydraulic Haldex all-wheel drive system is optional.
In August 1995, "I Could Fall in Love" was released, it featured videos and pictures of Selena.
Kubota's fourth studio album, Bonga Wanga, was released in July 1990.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
The franchise centers on a series of speed-based platform games.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Employing the Chrysler JA platform, the 4-door notchback sedans were known collectively as the "Cloud Cars" because their names referenced meteorological terms.
Highly recommended by the recording artist himself, the song "Yūdachi" was released as a single prior to the album.
Miho Katō, better known by her stage name of Miliyah Kato is a Japanese pop and urban singer-songwriter from Toyota, Aichi, Japan.
He is currently part of Sony Music Japan.
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
However, the album did not chart in the United States.
The Hummer H2 was the only one of the trucks to have the letters HUMMER between the grille.
By the end of 2005 they had bought out the BAR team, based at Brackley, United Kingdom, and renamed their new subsidiary Honda Racing.
In 2012, Park released his first full-length Korean album New Breed, and sold over 100,000 copies in a month.
It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011.
Formerly known as the SEC and later S-Coupé, it was spun off into its own, separate name in 1996 and in 1997 for North American markets.
Park Bo-ram is a South Korean singer.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Ministry, an influential American industrial metal band.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The following lists detail the discography of Southern All Stars.
L.A. Woman was certified gold and platinum in several different countries.
McPhee released her fourth album, Hysteria, on September 18, 2015.
The band's quietest period was from 1984 through 1994, with no certified albums.
Certified quintuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, it sold more than 2.8 million copies in the United States.
She is also an MC on After School Club.
It was anchored by promotional singles "Clap Your Hands", "Go Away", "Can't Nobody", and "It Hurts".
The song was written by Norwegian production team Stargate, consisting of Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen, along with Ester Dean.
The 2007 RDX, a crossover SUV, featured the first North American use of a turbocharged Honda engine.
The DS 3 is a supermini, produced by the French manufacturer Citroën since 2009 and officially launched in January 2010.
The 1989 Z1 was a limited production European run for BMW, whereas the 1996 Z3 was the first mass-produced roadster for BMW.
She has appeared in 50 films since 1954.
It was introduced to Hong Kong in 1991, Mexico in 2004, China in 2006, Russia in 2014 and Kuwait in 2015.
Reflecting its SUV design, seating capacity in the Territory is for either five or seven passengers.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
Tamil Nadu has the second largest economy in India with a current GSDP of ₹13,842 billion.
In its last year, the TL was sold in Japan.
The Ford Expedition is a fullsize SUV that is made by Ford Motor Company.
BMW Motorrad is the motorcycle brand of the German company BMW, part of its Corporate and Brand Development division.
While not the longest vehicle ever sold by the brand, it is the heaviest production Lincoln ever built.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
9,861 Raiders were built in 2005, and just 297 more were built from the first of the year through March 11, 2006.
A fast-selling album is defined as one with high sales in its first chart week following release.
Jones is the daughter of Indian sitar player and composer Ravi Shankar, and is the half-sister of fellow musician Anoushka Shankar.
The follow up to their Urban Legendz album featured the songs: "I'm That Nigga", "Sukka Dukkas" and "Heartbreaker."
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
Complicating matters further are the changes from 2010 onwards as certifications have become based on a combined figure of sales and streaming, instead of sales alone.
The album contains all of the singles the band released from 2002 to 2004 as well as several album tracks.
It also appeared in the film Fast Times at Ridgemont High, as well as on the film's soundtrack.
The releases are in Korean, unless otherwise specified.
The MKS became the marque's sole full-size sedan in the 2012 model year with the discontinuation of the Town Car.
The EP peaked at number-one on the Gaon chart.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
He also held headlining concerts including Daniel Live!
The group's first major release, the EP Ice Cream Cake, was released on March 17, 2015.
Die Ärzte are one of the best-known German punk rock bands and have released 13 studio albums.
This is the discography of South Korean rock band F.T.
To counter the artistic criticism of its last two albums The Doors next released Morrison Hotel.
Elemental is the fourth studio album by British pop band Tears for Fears.
With the cancellation of GM's next-generation DOHC V8, it appears unlikely that GM will offer a V8 engine for Lambda.
Shōtaijō no Nai Show is the fifth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yosui Inoue, issued in March 1976.
"Viviras Selena", which is a tribute song, was released in March 1997.
Data as of 2007 indicates that Japan has the second largest music market in the world, but it is the largest in Asia.
After a long hiatus, the M nameplate was used for Infiniti's mid-luxury sedans.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Acura is the luxury vehicle marque of Japanese automaker Honda.
The album features "Shallow Sleep", a hit single released in July 1992.
The Traverse began production in September 2008 at a retooled Spring Hill Assembly Plant in Tennessee, but production was later moved to Lansing.
The Solstice uses the GM Kappa platform, which also underpins the Saturn Sky, Opel GT, and Daewoo G2X.
In December 1987, Astley released a cover version of the Nat King Cole classic "When I Fall in Love".
The encyclopaedia grew in size: the second edition was 10 volumes, and by its fourth edition it had expanded to 20 volumes.
McPhee has also established an acting career, co-starring in The House Bunny and Shark Night 3D.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Although based on corresponding Chevrolet car lines, the vehicle is classified and titled in North America as a truck.
In addition, in many countries certification is for shipments of a record to retailers, rather than actual sales.
Named after the city of Malibu, California, the Malibu was marketed primarily in North America, with the eighth generation introduced globally.
The Oricon Singles Chart is the Japanese music industry standard singles popularity chart issued daily, weekly, monthly and yearly by Oricon.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
This is the discography of South Korean rock band F.T.
John William Feldmann is an American musician and producer.
She has staged many memorable appearances at Bruno Coquatrix' famous Paris Olympia.
Certified quintuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, it sold more than 2.8 million copies in the United States.
The word "escalade" refers to a siege warfare tactic of scaling defensive walls or ramparts with the aid of ladders or siege towers.
Ego-Wrappin' is a Japanese jazz and rock musical duo, composed of vocalist Yoshie Nakano and guitarist Masaki Mori.
Billboard 200 and staying in the charts for 22 weeks.
After this album, Astley left the music business behind for several years and released no new material until 2001.
Bang Min-ah, better known mononymously as Minah, is a South Korean singer and actress.
He is well known for his role as young Yang Myung in Moon Embracing the Sun and Song Mang-boo in Rooftop Prince.
Today's EPA standards reduced the estimates to 49 City/61 Highway/53 Combined.
The BlackBerry line traditionally uses a proprietary operating system developed by BlackBerry Limited known as BlackBerry OS.
One of Mercedes' "Fintail" series, the W110 initially was available with either a 1.9 L M121 gasoline or diesel inline-four .
The eK Active was discontinued at the time of the second generation's launch.
To counter the artistic criticism of its last two albums The Doors next released Morrison Hotel.
She also stars in her own reality show through Pinoy Box Office and Viva TV channels called Popstar Diaries since 2009.
This passed the previous record of 3.00 million set by the album Distance by Hikaru Utada in Japan in 2001.
The band was criticized by many for this, and referred to as "pop sellouts" and having "gone soft".
Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
The Rainier was replaced by the Buick Enclave in 2008.
It also controls VW Credit, Inc., Volkswagen's financial services and credit operations.
The Chevrolet Suburban is a full-size, extended-length sport utility vehicle from Chevrolet.
In 2014 Mercedes officially ceased using the CL-Class designation, instead moving the segments' vehicle naming back to the S-Class Coupe/Convertible label.
The Terraza retailed at US$28,110 in 2005.
The band have released eighteen studio albums, two live albums, two compilation albums, two EPs and one box set.
The Toyota Highlander, also known as the Toyota Kluger, is a midsize crossover SUV produced by Toyota.
The Peugeot 307 is a small family car produced by the French manufacturer Peugeot since 2001, following the Peugeot 306 which ceased production in 2002.
New CEO Lee Iacocca was credited with returning the company to profitability in the 1980s.
Rc is a universal locomotive used both in freight and passenger trains.
In the U.S., the Charger nameplate has been used on subcompact hatchbacks, full-sized sedans, and personal luxury coupes.
The Acura ZDX is a mid-size luxury crossover developed by Honda for its upmarket brand Acura.
The Honda Odyssey is a minivan manufactured and marketed by Japanese automaker Honda since 1994, now in its fifth generation.
The discography consists of three studio albums, three extended plays, and twenty-five singles.
Changan Ford Mazda was an automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Chongqing, China and a joint venture between Changan Automobile, Ford Motor Company and Mazda.
Dr. Feelgood is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, released on September 1, 1989.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The Accord Euro was launched in China at the end of 2009, where it is built by Dongfeng Honda, and is called the Honda Spirior.
In 2013, The Telegraph ranked Grand Theft Auto among Britain's most successful exports.
Ford introduced the Territory alongside the existing Falcon wagon, which was built on the same Broadmeadows Assembly production line.
For the sixth generation, the coupe and convertible models were spun off to create the new BMW 4 Series nameplate.
She has appeared in 50 films since 1954.
The Mercedes-Benz W211 is a chassis designation for the Mercedes-Benz E-Class, produced from 2002 through 2009.
Yuki Kuramochi, known professionally as Yuki, is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter.
She moved to South Korea in 2010, where she passed an audition and became an artist for YMC Entertainment.
McPhee released her fourth album, Hysteria, on September 18, 2015.
The following is a comprehensive discography of the American singer Tina Turner.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
The opening themes are Masami Mitsuoka's "Last Cross", used from episode 102 to 126, and "Easy Go" by Kazuki Kato from episode 127.
Rafet El Roman is a Turkish pop star.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
They were particularly successful in Japan and won the 1981 Tokyo Music Festival with the song "Sexy Music".
The Nitro shared its platform with the second generation Jeep Liberty.
The second and third generations had a V8 engine powertrain, a welded steel unibody shell combined with full-size steel ladder frame, and seats for eight passengers.
In May 2014, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, NV was established by merging Fiat S.p.A. into the company.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
She has co-written six songs' lyrics: "Dialogue," "Halfway," "Life Is Beautiful," "Mirror," "Sōkyokusen" and "Taion".
It won a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 39th Annual Grammy Awards in 1997.
The album was certified gold in that country by the British Phonographic Industry, as well as being certified gold and platinum in several other countries.
As of April 23, 2008, SG Wannabe's fifth album had 85,000 pre-orders and counting.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
It was released in 2002 in Japan, Southeast Asia, Korea, and Europe.
"Some" is a song by South Korean singers Soyou and Junggigo, featuring Lil Boi of Geeks.
In the same year, the group won the Top CF Models award at MTN Awards for their numerous commercials.
By the end of production, only 2,050 units had been sold.
The team also finished runners-up in the 2011 CLT20, losing the final against the Mumbai Indians.
The album earned gold certification on 18 July 1988.
From late 2012, the M-Class was also assembled at new plants in India and Indonesia.
It is named for the Italian city of Milan.
Acura holds the distinction of being the first Japanese automotive luxury brand.
Mariachi Sol de México were featured in the video, they also were the backup singers in the song.
The album featured the international hits "Can I Get A..." and "Hard Knock Life", which both reached top twenty of the Billboard Hot 100.
One of the earlier and long-serving head teachers was Jean Fisher.
They share the exterior appearance with the 2010 model, however are equipped with cloth interior, and add bluetooth.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
Kenan Cihan Doğulu is a Turkish pop musician.
For the fourth studio album The Soft Parade, The Doors chose to incorporate string and brass instruments into a number of their songs.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
He is the leader and main rapper of the South Korean boy group BTS, managed under Big Hit Entertainment.
Taiwan-market Ford and Mazda vehicles include locally assembled Ford Mondeo, Ford Focus, Ford Fiesta, Ford Escape, Mazda 3, Mazda 5, and Mazda Tribute.
He was a judge and producer for the fifth season of Show Me the Money.
Yamashita interpreted the mid-1960s U.S. top-40 charting hit, slightly changing the part of the lyrics.
However it did not sell as well as their previous albums.
The third generation eK Wagon and eK Sport were released on June 6, 2013.
Younha made her debut as an artist at the young age of sixteen.
Here is an incomplete list of locomotives and multiple units used by the narrow-gauge railways in Russia.
Referred to as the "Queen of Pop", Madonna is widely cited as an influence by other artists.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
He is also a producer of both K-pop and Korean hip hop music.
It was denied the top spot by Kylie Minogue's debut "I Should Be So Lucky".
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Exterior and Interior is highly similar to Mitsubishi Dion which is an SUV sold in Japan
The third generation eK Wagon and eK Sport were released on June 6, 2013.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
Choo signed a $1.35 million contract with the Mariners after the championship and converted to the outfield.
The name tC stands for "touring coupe."
In 2003, he was ranked number 70 on HMV Japan's list of the 100 most important Japanese pop acts.
Colin Vearncombe, known by his stage name Black, was an English singer-songwriter.
The Mercedes-Benz SLK-Class is a compact luxury roadster manufactured by Daimler-Benz in three generations; R170 launched in 1996, the R171 in 2004 and R172 in 2011.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
Babes in Toyland was an American punk rock band formed in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1987.
Neil McLellan is a producer, composer and mix engineer.
Celestine Cruz Gonzaga-Soriano, better known as Toni Gonzaga, is a Filipino singer, television host and actress.
Its principal activity is the production, distribution and sale of BMW passenger cars in mainland China.
The Cadillac Escalade is a full-size luxury SUV engineered and manufactured by Cadillac.
Forming half of the Lincoln-Mercury Division, the brand was intended to bridge the price gap between the Ford and Lincoln vehicle lines.
British video game developer DMA Design began the series in 1997.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
The latter contains the track The Sound of Africa , a duet in honor of Angola with the participation of Angolan singer Anselmo Ralph.
The group name, VIXX, was also decided by viewer votes.
The Pontiac G6 was a midsize car that was produced by General Motors.
These successful tests with P-series fuels were conducted on Ford Taurus and Dodge Caravan flexible-fuel vehicles.
The Pilot is sold in North America, while the Honda MDX was marketed in Japan and Australia for several years.
It shares its turbocharged inline 4 engine with the Mazdaspeed6, and uses a six speed automatic transmission.
She is also a former MP serving as deputy in the Ukrainian parliament for the Our Ukraine Party.
The first generation of the X5, with the chassis code E53, made its debut in 1999.
The sales of singles that are italicized are the compilation of sales in available markets instead of a worldwide sales figure.
In Australia, the vehicle is employed by various emergency services, including police forces nationwide.
She is signed with Starchild Records, a division of King Records.
Jääskeläinen's debut album "Vuosisadan rakkaustarina" was released in 2006.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
This is a list of PC games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies.
It is commonly available in 1 L, 750 ml, 375 ml and 180 ml bottles and also available in 90 ml and 60 ml bottles.
Dakotas have been used by police and fire departments, as off-road vehicles, patrol trucks, or even brush trucks.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
Noah is an Indonesian alternative pop/rock band.
They have been a long-term fixture in the British tabloids due to their several line-up changes and alleged group infighting.
Honda introduced the second-generation Insight in Japan in February 2009 and in the United States on March 24, 2009.
This is the list of the best-selling certified albums in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
Mariachi Sol de México were featured in the video, they also were the backup singers in the song.
The Maybach 57 and 62 were the first automobile models of the Maybach brand since the brand's revival by DaimlerChrysler AG.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The second-generation Enclave is set to be officially revealed at the 2017 New York Auto Show.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
Elemental is the fourth studio album by British pop band Tears for Fears.
The game also features 51 tracks, many of which are new or modified versions of old Gran Turismo favorites, with some notable real-world additions.
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker and the fifth-largest in the world based on 2015 vehicle production.
The SL designation was first applied to the 300 SL, often referred to as the "Gullwing" due to its gullwing or upward-opening doors.
Luan Rafael Domingos Santana is a Brazilian singer and composer.
The BMW Z models are traditionally roadsters manufactured by the German automaker BMW beginning with the Z1.
Her version of "La Ballade de Davy Crockett" was number 1 in the charts for five weeks in France in August 1956.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
Her debut single, "Jerat Percintaan", won the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu and another two awards for Best Performance and Best Ballad.
In addition to the present lineup, former guitarist Takashi Omori had worked in the band until 2001.
The Brazilian TR4 had been since July 2007 the Mitsubishi's first four-wheel drive flexible-fuel vehicle, running on gasoline, ethanol or a combination of the two.
It was the third-best-selling single of 2008 in the UK.
The album spawned the top-five hit "Yoru ni Dakarete".
The Ford Taurus X is a crossover utility vehicle that was sold by Ford from 2005 to 2009.
The concept album American Gangster followed in 2007 and continued his streak of number-one albums in the United States.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
Aside from "Mighty Smile", the couple wrote three songs together for Masayuki Suzuki's second solo album Radio Days in 1988.
The durability associated with its layout popularized the Crown Victoria with taxicab owners and commonly used police patrol/pursuit vehicles in North America.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The single also became certified million selling over two million copies worldwide.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
Ailee received the Best New Artist Award at the MelOn Music Awards, Golden Disk Awards, Gaon Chart K-Pop Awards and the Seoul Music Awards.
The 4.7-liter V8 engine in the GX 470 was the same as used on the larger LX 470.
The Verano debuted at the North American International Auto Show on January 10, 2011, during a preview of Buick's then upcoming 2012 model.
It spent eleven consecutive weeks at number one on the New Zealand RIANZ singles chart in 2009.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
High 'n' Dry was Pete Willis' last full-time album with Def Leppard.
Dato', or occasionally Datin Sri, Siti Nurhaliza binti Tarudin DIMP, JSM, SAP, PMP, AAP is a Malaysian singer and businesswoman.
The Ford Territory is a crossover sport utility vehicle built by Ford Australia that was introduced in April 2004.
The Honda CR-V is a compact crossover manufactured by Honda since 1995.
The BlackBerry line traditionally uses a proprietary operating system developed by BlackBerry Limited known as BlackBerry OS.
The Ford Territory is a crossover sport utility vehicle built by Ford Australia that was introduced in April 2004.
Stephen Eric Pearcy, known as Stephen Pearcy, is an American musician.
Early in 2013, Park released a free-download English rap track, "Appetizer", produced by Cha Cha Malone, in addition to a music video on his YouTube channel.
This is the discography of South Korean boy group BtoB.
All Kansas Lottery games have a minimum age of 18.
In the Lexus model lineup, the RX sits below the larger GX and LX body-on-frame SUVs, and above the smaller NX crossover.
The album took four years to record in total.
She sold more than 20 million albums worldwide.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Evil Pimp is co-owner of the label Slaughterhouse Records.
This is the discography of South Korean boy band Super Junior, produced and managed by SM Entertainment.
The Mountaineer was never sold in Canada.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The Lincoln Navigator is a full-size luxury SUV marketed and sold by the Lincoln brand of Ford Motor Company since the 1998 model year.
The group won a Japanese Grammy in 1992.
Shin Bora is a South Korean comedian, singer, and actress.
She was formerly dubbed as the 90's Teen Queen, Princess of Hearts and Multimedia Superstar.
The Pilot seats eight, while the MDX seats seven, with two seating positions in the third row.
Undercover Lover album was released in 1979.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
They have participated in many other albums and OSTs.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
The Lottery sponsors several races at the Kansas Speedway, including the Kansas Lottery 150 and the Kansas Lottery 300.
The majority of the albums are from national artists.
Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow is the first album by British rock band Rainbow, released in 1975.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
The Lexus ES is a series of compact, then mid-size, and later executive car sold by Lexus since 1989.
Giulietta production started towards the end of 2009 and was introduced at the March 2010 Geneva Motor Show.
Three more albums have been released since his death.
Geronimo has a collective box-office receipt of over PHP 1 billion; with at least 6 films that have grossed in excess of PHP 100 million.
The game was re-released as a Player's Choice title in 2003.
A Christmas album, Home for Christmas, was released shortly afterwards, reaching No.
In 1994, he relocated to New York in the United States of America and began working on upcoming album.
It was the third-best-selling single of 2008 in the UK.
In 2015, BlackBerry re-focused its business strategy and began to release Android-based smartphones, beginning with the BlackBerry Priv slider and then the BlackBerry DTEK50.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
They officially debuted into the Korean entertainment industry on April 8, 2014 with the song "Not Spring, Love, or Cherry Blossoms" featuring IU.
Don Airey would join the band in 2002, replacing former keyboardist Jon Lord, and has remained in the band since.
The name "Smashproof" is a play on the word "Bulletproof".
Cinta Laura Kiehl, better known as Cinta Laura, is an Indonesian-German actress, electropop singer and model in Indonesia.
Honda has participated in Formula One, as an entrant, constructor and engine supplier, for various periods since 1964.
The Tesla Model S has been the world's top selling plug-in car for two years in a row, 2015 and 2016.
The Lottery also offers the terminal-based games Powerball, Mega Millions, Hot Lotto, Super Kansas Cash, Pick 3, 2by2, Keno, and Kansas Hold'Em.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
In November 2010, Kubota released his sixth compilation album Love & Rain: Love Songs.
The Terrain shares engineering with the Chevrolet Equinox.
Introduced in 1993 as a replacement for the 190 range, the C-Class was the smallest model in the marque's line-up until the A-Class arrived in 1997.
The Lincoln Navigator is a full-size luxury SUV marketed and sold by the Lincoln brand of Ford Motor Company since the 1998 model year.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
Carr's second studio album, The Way the World Looks, soon followed after.
In 2013, Ewen confessed that the Sugababes had split two years earlier.
Once is the fifth studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, released on 7 June 2004 by Spinefarm Records and Nuclear Blast.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
Discontinued in the United States in 2006, the vehicle continues to be sold in the rest of the world in its fourth-generation iteration.
This is a list of the best-selling albums in the United States based on RIAA certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
In May 2014, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, NV was established by merging Fiat S.p.A. into the company.
Goodrem's second album, Mistaken Identity, managed to chart at 64.
Though largely identical in exterior and interior design, the GS and the Aristo differed in their engine and transmission combinations as well as equipment packages.
L.A. Woman, was the final Doors album with frontman Jim Morrison, who died of undetermined causes in Paris shortly after the album's release.
In 1962, Tokushin music reports was founded and became the leading provider of music sales in Japan.
The band has evolved consistently through the years since their original collaboration, and experimenting with various musical styles.
The Citroën C6 Lignage formed the basis of the Citroën C6, which was launched in November 2005, five years later than Citroën had originally planned.
The group's fifth studio album The Swinging Star was at one point, the best-selling album in Japan, shifting over 3.7 million copies in the country.
The H2 SUT is considered a pick-up truck for its abilities to haul cargo with an extendable box to reach 6 feet in length.
The body styles of the sixth generation 3 Series range are:
The group disbanded in 2005, with Maureen Nolan having been a permanent member for 31 years.
It is the nickname of Tuna who is one of the main characters.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
He was also a part of the hip hop project duo YMGA.
The last generation of the CL-Class, C216, was available in five models: CL 500, CL 600, CL 63 AMG, CL 63 AMG(S) and CL 65 AMG.
It topped the Japanese albums chart for a week in October 1980, selling more than 220,000 units while it was entering the chart.
The Luxury Brand Status Index 2008 voted the Maybach first place, ahead of Rolls-Royce and Bentley.
The rear seats can also be flipped downward to form a pair of beds.
That powertrain was offered in the production model known as the XR.
The final Mercury automobile, a 2011 Mercury Grand Marquis, rolled off the assembly line on January 4, 2011.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
Hamasaki promoted the album by releasing three singles: "Free & Easy", "H", and "Voyage".
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
It is largely derived from the GM Epsilon platform, which underlies the Chevrolet Malibu sedan and similar models.
The discography of Elvis Presley starts on July 19, 1954, with the release of his first commercial single, and ends in February 1978.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
The Infiniti M is a line of mid-size luxury cars from the Infiniti luxury division of Nissan.
Sezen Aksu is a Turkish pop music singer, songwriter and producer who has sold over 40 million albums worldwide.
The second-generation RX 300 and RX 330 models went on sale in 2003, with both variants supplanted by the more powerful RX 350 in 2006.
This is the discography of the South Korean boy band SG Wannabe.
The F30 is the first generation of 3 Series to be powered by a range of turbocharged engines exclusively and electric power steering.
As of 29 September 2007, the album had sold 406,053 copies in the US, and had been certified Gold.
The protagonist of the series is an anthropomorphic blue hedgehog named Sonic, whose peaceful life is often interrupted by the series' main antagonist, Doctor Eggman.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The same basic product was built and/or sold under several other names, sometimes by other General Motors brands, in various markets around the world.
The Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant was inaugurated on May 24, 2011, and currently builds the US-spec Volkswagen Passat.
The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand.
The group followed with their first full-length album, The Red, released on September 9, 2015, along with the title track "Dumb Dumb".
At the time, Ford sold Mercury vehicles in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Middle East.
She was included in 2011's Top 20 Endorsers.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
That November, the company began publishing a singles chart on an experimental basis.
Jay Park released his album Worldwide in November 2015.
Hotei first rose to prominence in the 1980s as the guitarist for Boøwy, one of Japan's most popular rock bands, before starting a solo career.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
Her eighth studio album, Touch Me!, debuted atop the Oricon album charts; becoming her first number-one album in five years.
While their subgroups are not as commercially successful as the main group, they provide a new degree of critical appraisal.
The Accord has been on the Car and Driver 10Best list a record 30 times.
In Japan, physical sales decreased sharply in the 2000s, while download sales hit three to four times the amount of single sales.
In 1989, Kubota released his compilation album, The Baddest.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
Two drama CDs have also been produced.
SAIC Volkswagen sold a total of 1.16 million vehicles in 2011.
In 2009, she made her debut as a member of 2NE1 as the main vocalist.
The Citroën C1 is a city car produced by the French manufacturer Citroën since June 2005.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
Released in December 1979, the song reached number three in the UK in February 1980 and topped the Japanese charts in November 1980.
It is currently in its second generation.
In China, plug-in electric vehicles are called new energy vehicles.
The group's first major release, the EP Ice Cream Cake, was released on March 17, 2015.
Production of the Territory ended on 7th of October 2016.
In Europe, "Take Me to Your Heart" and "Hold Me in Your Arms" were released as the next singles.
A VHS was released at the same time with footage of Scorpions' world tour.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
Originally a 9-member group, in 2012 they became a trio, consisting of Park Yong-in, Jo Hyunah and Kwon Soon-il.
The video was promoting the box-set Anthology and was released in the fall of 1998.
Pearcy has also worked as an actor, playing the killer hippie, Timothy Bach, in the horror film Camp Utopia.
L.A. Woman was certified gold and platinum in several different countries.
In 2010, Juju released Request, a tribute album featuring covers of songs by Japanese female vocalists.
The Mercury Mountaineer was a mid-size luxury sport utility vehicle that was sold by Mercury from 1997 until 2010.
The GS name stands for Grand Sedan.
Jung SanJanuary 23, 1985), more commonly known by his stage name San E, is a South Korean rapper contracted under Brand New Music.
The independent label sold over 7 million CDs.
Nadeem–Shravan were the most successful music directors of the 1990s until the early 2000s.
The following year in 1987, Kubota's second studio album, Groovin', debuted at number thirty-three and was certified million.
The Infiniti marque is not used in Japan.
Rockferry is the debut studio album by Welsh singer Duffy, released on 3 March 2008 in the United Kingdom by A&M Records.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
Dakotas have been used by police and fire departments, as off-road vehicles, patrol trucks, or even brush trucks.
In May 2014, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, NV was established by merging Fiat S.p.A. into the company.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The Passat NMS is part of Volkswagen Group's strategy to sell upwards of 800,000 vehicles per year in the North American market.
The group had nine top-ten singles and eight gold albums between 1968 and 1972.
Theodore Anthony Nugent is an American musician and political activist.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
In 2016, he landed his first leading role in KBS2's Moorim School.
"Dakota" was released in 2005 and brought Stereophonics their only UK number one single; its parent album Language.
After the first generation Envoy was discontinued after the 2000 model year the Envoy nameplate reappeared in the GMC line of vehicles from 2002 through 2009.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The group's final album as six members had been tenatively scheduled for May 2017, with Soyeon and Boram terminating their contracts after its release.
As of 2009, Children of Bodom have sold over two million records worldwide, including over 200,000 in Finland and over 500,000 in the U.S.
The Crystal Method is an American electronic music and keyboardist duo formed in Las Vegas, Nevada by Ken Jordan and Scott Kirkland in the early 1990s.
It has also been popular with Japanese companies as company cars along with use as a taxicab.
The second generation interior has been further differentiated with fewer shared components.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
The song "Pode Chorar" became greatly celebrated and awarded Gold Record by ABPD, after having sold more than 100,000 paid downloads in Brazil.
The album peaked at number three on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and sold 21,285 copies in its first week of release.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
The second generation LX 470 shared exterior styling with the Land Cruiser Cygnus, sold in Japan.
His artistic influences include Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Donny Hathaway, and Sly Stone.
Lee Tae-min, better known by the mononym Taemin, is a South Korean singer and actor.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
Selling almost 200,000 copies, The Sentimental Chord was the best-selling album of 2007 in Korea.
The 7 Series is BMW's flagship car and is only available as a sedan.
In 1998, it was featured on the television drama Seija no Koushin and was also released as a double A-Side single with "Another Name for Life".
As of April 23, 2008, SG Wannabe's fifth album had 85,000 pre-orders and counting.
Nicknamed the "Oricon comet" for her success in Japan, she has released eight singles and two albums there with varying degrees of success.
In 1997, the Trans Sport added the Montana moniker as part of an available trim package.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
Pyromania is the third studio album by English rock band Def Leppard, released on 20 January 1983.
His seventh studio album, My Red Book, was planned to be released in January 2013.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
This single is mainly remembered for a closely fought contest for UK Christmas Number 1.
The Acura EL was a sales success.
The song became a hit again in 1970 when rhythm and blues and soul singer Wilson Pickett took it back onto the charts.
Global Lexus hybrid sales achieved the 1 million unit milestone in March 2016.
In the 80's, the band released concert films, and live and compilation albums to much commercial success.
The first generation Insight is the most fuel efficient gasoline-powered car available in the U.S. without plug-in capability for the length of its production run.
In 2017, the air ambulance service ceased with Ambulance Victoria releasing a helicopter for dedicated police duty.
It had a 360 CID V-8 engine with a single 4 barrel carburetor rated at 300 hp.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
"A Boy Like That" was released in the summer of 1997 and was directed by Kenny Ortega.
The Infiniti FX has no Nissan equivalent and is not sold in Japan.
5 in the USA, where it became platinum on 20 June 1988.
His fifth and final release from his debut album was "It Would Take a Strong Strong Man".
As a result, these tables should not be considered definitive lists of the best-selling records by girl groups in each country.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The suspension was also modified to be firmer and sportier, and the electronic power steering was recalibrated to deliver a firmer, less artificial feel.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
Prior to the launching of her next output, Tobias was cast on the screen in Kruté radosti and Zostane to medzi nami, respectively.
The xD appeared in Scion showrooms in mid-2007 in the USA and in 2011 for Canada.
The franchise centers on a series of speed-based platform games.
However, commercially it was very successful and reached No.
It, too, was renamed in the 1983 model year: to the Plymouth Turismo.
It was introduced to Hong Kong in 1991, Mexico in 2004, China in 2006, Russia in 2014 and Kuwait in 2015.
The Hummer H2 was the only one of the trucks to have the letters HUMMER between the grille.
The North American variant of the Ford Escort is a small family/compact car introduced by Ford in 1980 for the 1981 model year.
The C-Class has been available with a 4Matic option since 2002.
Though published in the United States since 1901, the Britannica has for the most part maintained British English spelling.
For the fourth studio album The Soft Parade, The Doors chose to incorporate string and brass instruments into a number of their songs.
The car was unveiled in 2013 Frankfurt International Motor Show.
Victoria's Secret is wholly owned by L Brands, a publicly traded company.
The model years 1991 through 2010 were traditional body-on-frame, mid-size SUVs.
Rover is a British automotive marque used between 1904 and 2005.
Waiting for the Sun was the first Doors album to chart in the United Kingdom, where it peaked inside the Top 20.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
This is the discography of Okinawan musician Rimi Natsukawa.
The Peugeot RCZ was a sports coupé manufactured by the French car company Peugeot.
In countries where standards exist, they exist in order to prevent accidents, but there have still been some high-profile product recalls after such problems have occurred.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Production of the Solstice was to be running before summer 2005, but delays at the Wilmington plant pushed volume production to the fourth quarter.
A self-portrait of artist Gottfried Helnwein is featured on the cover of the album.
The research conducted allowed the eventual creation of ASIMO.
Abdul later scored a string of pop music hits in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Australian production ceased in 2008 and since that time the company has been exclusively a vehicle importer.
Honda announced plans to discontinue the TSX and the larger TL during 2014 with the introduction of the TLX, which replaces both vehicles.
The Chevrolet Tahoe is a mid-size SUV from General Motors.
It was used on the television commercial for Maxell's audio cassette starring Yamashita, and released as a single in May 1980.
They released the number one single, "I'm Different", in November 2014.
It is a blend of Indian grain spirits and imported Scotch malts.
Data as of 2007 indicates that Japan has the second largest music market in the world, but it is the largest in Asia.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
It was the highest selling "old" album in 2007 with #67 position on the charts.
Jo Dong-rim, born March 25, 1985, better known by the stage name Mad Clown, is a South Korean rapper, songwriter, and record producer.
The name is recycled from the Dodge Raider SUV sold from 1987 to 1990, which was a rebadged Mitsubishi Montero.
The group established themselves in the Korean music scene in March 2009, with the release of "Lollipop", a collaboration with label mates Big Bang.
The show has grown in popularity since the first season aired in 2012, and it is credited with increasing the Korean public's interest in hip hop.
From its introduction through 2009, it was marketed by Dodge.
E71 development began in 2003 under Peter Tuennermann, after start of E70 X5 development in 2001.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and produced the group's most successful single, "Light My Fire".
It is a charter member of the Multi-State Lottery Association.
This is the discography for Canadian hard rock group The Tea Party.
Santana formed in 1967 in San Francisco and was originally known as the Carlos Santana Blues Band.
The discography of Elvis Presley starts on July 19, 1954, with the release of his first commercial single, and ends in February 1978.
Built to Destroy is the fourth album by the Michael Schenker Group.
Other major divisions include Mopar, its automotive parts and accessories division, and SRT, its performance automobile division.
Essentially the replacement for the Ford Taurus station wagon, the 2005-2007 Freestyle was produced in a single bodystyle with six or seven-passenger seating.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
For 2005, the van was redesigned with a higher, less aerodynamic nose to resemble an SUV.
However, commercially it was very successful and reached No.
Production of the Q7 began in autumn of 2005 at the Volkswagen Bratislava Plant in Bratislava, Slovakia.
Dreaming of You went on to become the best-selling Latin and Latin pop album for two consecutive years.
Kim Nam-joon, better known as Rap Monster, is a South Korean rapper, songwriter, and record producer.
Both it and its followup, 1999's Fly, earned the group several Grammy Awards and chart singles.
Although the coupe shared the same name and some styling cues, it was mechanically unrelated to the other Sebring models.
She debuted in 2012 as a member of 15&.
In recent years, digital versions of the Britannica have been developed, both online and on optical media.
Following the 2008 economic recession, GM discontinued the Pontiac Division.
The model remains on sale in Venezuela as of early 2016 having yet to be replaced by FCA Venezuela with the KL model Cherokee.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Their first music program win was on M Countdown on January 5, 2012, for "My My" from their second EP Snow Pink.
However, since 2008, the interior is now standardized for all three markets.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
Both songs were well received by radio, placing fifty-three and thirty-five on the Oricon Singles Chart.
This is the first album to feature guitarist Jake E. Lee and the only studio album to feature drummer Tommy Aldridge.
has sold more than 3.3 million copies and became the best-selling double album in Japanese history.
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
The Optima name is now going to be used for all markets except China, where they will also use the South Korean market name.
All other releases are included in the posthumous sections, and obviously all compact disc box sets were also released after Presley's death.
V8 engines were offered in the second and third generations, and all-wheel drive and hybrid versions debuted in 2005.
This list doesn't include singles that were released before 1968, and is only from data collected from Oricons retail partners and not the record companies.
The Freelander was replaced by the Discovery Sport in 2015.
George Ignacio Mira is a former professional American football player, a quarterback in eight National Football League seasons for four different teams.
Animal Magnetism is the seventh studio album by German rock band Scorpions, released in 1980.
The coupe was discontinued after 2005 with no replacement model planned.
Live peaked at number two on the newly formed U.S.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Mitsuoka thus became known under the stage name Mizca and began releasing electropop music under the label Nippon Crown.
Jung SanJanuary 23, 1985), more commonly known by his stage name San E, is a South Korean rapper contracted under Brand New Music.
A facelifted Dion was launched in Japan in May 2002.
No compilations were released in season 7.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
The Dakota has always been sized above the compact Ford Ranger and Chevrolet S-10, but below the full-sized pickups such as Dodge's own Ram.
The engine was designed as a successor to the Ford Y-block engine.
After finishing high school in 2012, Oh Hyuk moved to South Korea on his own to pursue music full-time away from his parents' strong opposition.
The sales of singles that are italicized are the compilation of sales in available markets instead of a worldwide sales figure.
The Mercedes-Benz W126 is a series of S-Class automobiles manufactured by Mercedes-Benz between 1979 and 1992.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
A concept truck was re-badged as the Street Raider and designed by Mitsubishi's California design studio.
Lexus introduced the first generation, known as the GX 470 in 2002, and subsequently became the third SUV to enter the Lexus lineup.
ARIA's End of Decade Top 100 Albums Chart are the best selling albums in Australia from 2000 to 2009.
Their fourth single, "So Cool," debuted at number one at Billboard Korea K-Pop Hot 100 singles chart.
Referred to as one of Ireland's great romantic singers, his first album, Because in 1991 reached the top of the Irish music charts.
The second-generation model, the SC 430, went into production in 2001.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
From 1946 to 1968, Mercury sold the Mercury M-Series in Canada; during the 2000s, Lincoln sold the Lincoln Blackwood, replaced by the Lincoln Mark LT.
It replaced the Citroën Saxo in the model line up, and is currently in its third generation.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The touring body style was added in 1991 and the 5-door hatchback was added in 2009.
The following is a comprehensive discography of B'z, a Japanese rock band.
Quetiapine was developed in 1985 and approved for medical use in the United States in 1997.
She rose to fame when she emerged as the Grand Champion of the reality talent search Search for a Star in 2004.
She is best known for being a member of South Korean girl group T-ara.
With the exception of two-door sedans sold in 1980-81, the Town Car was produced in a single four-door body style.
The research conducted allowed the eventual creation of ASIMO.
Ride on Time is the fifth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Tatsuro Yamashita, released in September 1980.
BtoB debuted on March 21, 2012, performing on M Countdown "Insane" and "Imagine".
Via Rail owns 78 locomotives and 396 passenger cars.
In its first few years of existence, Acura was among the best-selling luxury marques in the US.
The protagonist of the series is an anthropomorphic blue hedgehog named Sonic, whose peaceful life is often interrupted by the series' main antagonist, Doctor Eggman.
Band Aid is a charity supergroup featuring mainly British and Irish musicians and recording artists.
Turner holds the spot as the 8th best selling female artist of all time out of all genres, with record sales of over 180 million worldwide.
This single has also been contained in the I've Sound 10th Anniversary 「Departed to the future」 Special CD BOX, which was released on March 25, 2009.
Taken together, the Renault–Nissan Alliance would be the world’s fourth largest automaker, however Nissan is the leading Japanese brand in China, Russia and Mexico.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
1 hit the following year with "You've Got a Friend", a recording of Carole King's classic song.
The first generation Insight is the most fuel efficient gasoline-powered car available in the U.S. without plug-in capability for the length of its production run.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
Gomez performed "Come & Get It" at a number of awards shows and televised events, with its first performance being at the 2013 MTV Movie Awards.
The Dodge Charger is a brand of automobile marketed by Dodge.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
With each revision, the Mustang saw an increase in overall dimensions and in engine power.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Charles Christopher "Chris" Sligh is an American singer; songwriter and producer who was a finalist on the sixth season of American Idol, finishing in tenth place.
Here is an incomplete list of locomotives and multiple units used by the narrow-gauge railways in Russia.
In all, the band's CDs have received 14 gold, 10 diamonds, 13 platinum and 13 double platinum.
The MKX features unibody construction and front-wheel-drive with available all-wheel-drive.
The 207 was replaced by the Peugeot 208 in April 2012.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
He has also recorded four records as a solo artist.
Akiko Shikata is a Japanese singer-songwriter and composer, who is known for writing music for games and anime.
Complicating matters further are the changes from 2010 onwards as certifications have become based on a combined figure of sales and streaming, instead of sales alone.
The third chronological title, Grand Theft Auto III, is considered a landmark title, as it brought the series to a 3D setting and more immersive experience.
In 2003, the Honda MDX went on sale in Japan and Australia.
In 1994, he relocated to New York in the United States of America and began working on upcoming album.
Deborah Salvatrice Blando is an Italian-born Brazilian singer and composer.
The CL-Class had more rear legroom than these aforementioned competitors.
By the late 1970s, Chrysler was on the verge of bankruptcy.
The 207 was replaced by the Peugeot 208 in April 2012.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and produced the group's most successful single, "Light My Fire".
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
VIXX consists of N, Leo, Ken, Ravi, Hongbin and Hyuk.
Baker produced a layered sound approach, similar to his work with Queen, as demonstrated on tracks such as "Winds of March".
The Audi Q7 is a mid-size luxury crossover SUV of the German manufacturer Audi, unveiled in September 2002 at the Frankfurt Motor Show.
As of February 2014, the 2014 Tahoe was the top-ranked Affordable Large SUV in U.S. News & World Report's rankings.
Toshinobu Kubota has produced six million-seller records and thirty-three Top 40 singles during his career.
The Mercedes-Benz M-Class, renamed GLE-Class in 2016, is a Midsize luxury crossover SUV produced by the German automaker Mercedes-Benz since 1997.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
It also has a number of joint-ventures, one in China, one in Taiwan, one in Thailand, one in Turkey, and one in Russia.
Released his second compilation album, titled Story Op.2, on April 24, 2017.
Their fourth album Bonamana is listed as the best-selling album of 2010 with 200,193 copies sold, and the repackaged version at ninth at 99,355 copies.
Sony Mobile was the fourth-largest smartphone manufacturer by market share in the fourth quarter of 2012 with 9.8 million units shipped.
In 1985, Diamond-Star Motors was created, further expanding the Chrysler-Mitsubishi relationship.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
Zanybros is a South Korean video production company specializing in music video and commercial film production.
On January 29, 2008, the 5 millionth 5 Series was manufactured, a 530d Saloon in Carbon Black Metallic.
Deeper Than Rap which included the singles, "Magnificent", which features John Legend and "Maybach Music 2", which features Kanye West, Lil Wayne and T-Pain.
The Buick Rainier was a midsize luxury SUV that was produced by General Motors.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group 2NE1.
Early models were mostly rear-wheel drive, while later models have been front-wheel drive.
Wake defeated tough ACC opponents Florida State and 16th-ranked Boston College to win the Atlantic Division.
The follow up to their Urban Legendz album featured the songs: "I'm That Nigga", "Sukka Dukkas" and "Heartbreaker."
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
Meg is a Japanese recording artist, record producer, model and fashion designer from Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
The Cadillac XLR is a luxury roadster that was marketed by Cadillac, assembled in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
He is the son of comedian Kim Gura.
Along with its luxury version, the Lincoln MKX, they are both assembled at Ford's Oakville, Ontario, Canada assembly plant.
Treeless Plain, their first studio LP album, was released in November 1983.
1 hits, as well as gold and platinum records.
During the financial crisis at the beginning of the 21st century, it was close to bankruptcy, but it has since returned to profitability.
Grant went on to release the albums House of Love and Behind the Eyes in the mid-nineties.
American singer-songwriter Billy Joel has released thirteen studio albums, five live albums, fifteen compilation albums, ten video albums, singles, promotional singles and fifty music videos.
Nugent initially gained fame as the lead guitarist of the Amboy Dukes, a band formed in 1963 that played psychedelic rock and hard rock.
McPhee has also established an acting career, co-starring in The House Bunny and Shark Night 3D.
"Sleeping" peaked to number 60 in Germany and number 69 in Switzerland.
The Nolans' version was released as a single in Japan in April 1981 after winning the Tokyo Music Festival a few days prior to this.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
Its main competitors are the Land Rover Range Rover, Lexus LX, Cadillac Escalade, and the Lincoln Navigator along with the upcoming Audi Q8 and BMW X7.
×∞Multiplies was a mini-album by Yellow Magic Orchestra released in 1980.
Approximately 262,900 LS models were manufactured, including 2,331 manual transmission V6 models, and 1,500 LSE editions.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
For Asia-Pacific markets, both received respective facelifts in 2006 and had production fully transferred to Ford Lio Ho in Taiwan.
They have released five studio albums, one live album, ten singles, six extended plays, nine cassette tapes, four compilation albums and a video album.
It is the nickname of Tuna who is one of the main characters.
A Christmas album, Home for Christmas, was released shortly afterwards, reaching No.
In Japan, it filled a gap when the Honda Horizon was discontinued in 1999.
Southern All Stars, also known by the abbreviations Sazan and SAS, is a Japanese rock band that first formed in 1974.
Designed by Centro Stile Alfa Romeo, the design is believed to be inspired by the 8C Competizione.
She is best known for the single "I Wish You Loved Me" which was written by Rico Love and produced by Tha Corna Boyz.
Acura's 2005 RL flagship introduced SH-AWD, a torque-vectoring all-wheel drive system.
The Town Car nameplate first appeared as a sub-model of the Continental in 1959, later becoming a trim line during the 1970s.
The song was more successful in the U.S. reaching number 1, making it his second U.S. chart topper.
The Citroën C3 Picasso is a mini MPV produced by the French motor company Citroën since 2008.
Yamashita rewrote the song and recorded by himself, under the title "Sayonara Natsu no Hi".
The Lottery also offers the terminal-based games Powerball, Mega Millions, Hot Lotto, Super Kansas Cash, Pick 3, 2by2, Keno, and Kansas Hold'Em.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
The album was certified 5× platinum and is one of the band's best-selling albums.
The state is the tenth largest by area, the least populous and the second least densely populated state in the country.
He made his recording debut in South Korea with the single, "Say My Name," just before his debut as a member of M.I.B.
Audi has since unveiled a third SUV model, the Q3, which went on sale in the 3rd quarter of 2011.
The album was certified gold in January 1978 and contained the album rock hits "Godzilla", "Death Valley Nights", "R.U.
The Toyota Corona was an automobile manufactured by the Japanese automaker Toyota between 1957 and 2003.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
Raised on Radio is the ninth studio album by the American rock band Journey, released in May 1986 on the Columbia Records label.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
The album marks the final release of the band with longtime drummer James Kottak, who was replaced in 2016 by former Motörhead drummer Mikkey Dee.
The format of each season varies, but generally consists of contestants going head to head in a series of challenges until only one rapper remains.
The Mitsubishi Pajero is a sport utility vehicle manufactured by Mitsubishi.
It is largely derived from the GM Epsilon platform, which underlies the Chevrolet Malibu sedan and similar models.
The following is a comprehensive discography of the American singer Tina Turner.
To counter the artistic criticism of its last two albums The Doors next released Morrison Hotel.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
The TL was Acura's best-selling model until it was outsold by the MDX in 2007.
The list is split between physical singles and digitally downloaded tracks which first became available to purchase in the early 2000s.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
As a result, these tables should not be considered definitive lists of the best-selling records by girl groups in each country.
Shin-ai Naru Mono e was relatively successful upon its release, although there was no lead single before the album came out.
It is named for the American state, Colorado.
In some export markets, Toyota marketed the vehicle as the Toyota Cressida between 1976 and 1992 across four generations.
Chrysler Group LLC remained a subsidiary until December 15, 2014, when it was renamed FCA US LLC, to reflect the Fiat-Chrysler merger.
1 Canadian single "Heaven Coming Down" in 1999.
Marvel Animation Inc. is an American animation production company.
In 2011, Mitsubishi Motors was the sixth biggest Japanese automaker and the sixteenth biggest worldwide by production.
The CTS-V series includes three body styles, all of which feature a pushrod OHV V-8 engine and a sport-tuned suspension.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
All GX production has occurred at the Tahara plant in Japan, alongside the Toyota Land Cruiser Prado.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
Royal Stag, also known as Seagram's Royal Stag, is a brand of Indian whisky, owned by Pernod Ricard India, and launched in 1981.
A replacement for the Aztek, it was a mildly restyled version of the first-generation Chevrolet Equinox.
When You're Strange, is a documentary about The Doors written and directed by Tom DiCillo and narrated by Johnny Depp.
On introduction in August 1959 the Mini was marketed under the Austin and Morris names, as the Austin Seven and Morris Mini-Minor.
After he made his debut in the KBS drama Feeling in 1994, Ryu pursued a singing career.
Its main competitors are the Land Rover Range Rover, Lexus LX, Cadillac Escalade, and the Lincoln Navigator along with the upcoming Audi Q8 and BMW X7.
As featured vocalist, she participated on five compilations, one original motion picture soundtrack as well one video album.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Mercury is a defunct division of the American automobile manufacturer Ford Motor Company.
The Mountaineer has been praised for its excellent handling and stability.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
The single instantly dominated charts upon its release.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
These recordings make up a portion of what is known as the Bright Midnight Archives.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
Waiting for the Sun was the first Doors album to chart in the United Kingdom, where it peaked inside the Top 20.
This is a list of PC games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies.
For its followup, the name of Liberty was retired; the next generation restored the name of "Cherokee".
Before 1993, Mercedes-Benz offered the same category of car under a non-unified naming structure.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
After playing with the Amboy Dukes, he embarked on a solo career.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
The album has won a number of awards since its release, including the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 51st annual ceremony.
Waiting for the Sun was the first Doors album to chart in the United Kingdom, where it peaked inside the Top 20.
Both versions would later be re-issued in 2003 as a double-disc format, with the American version as the first disc.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
Chrysler used the General Motors brand diversification and hierarchy strategy he had seen working for Buick.
Bread was an American soft rock band from Los Angeles, California.
The MKX features unibody construction and front-wheel-drive with available all-wheel-drive.
The band debuted with their single "Feel My Heart" on August 7, 1996, which peaked at number twenty-four on the Japanese Oricon charts.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Brave Girls is a South Korean girl group formed by producer Brave Brothers of Brave Entertainment in 2011.
It aired on KBS2 from August 13, 2012 to February 6, 2013, on Mondays to Fridays at 19:45 for 120 episodes.
The group currently consists of four members: Hyeji, Hyejin, Heeo, and Yun.
Complicating matters further are the changes from 2010 onwards as certifications have become based on a combined figure of sales and streaming, instead of sales alone.
This album marks the return of member Jisoo, who taking hiatus after became the target of online harassment.
It was released as a single in April 1990, and became his third top-5 hit as a performer on the Japanese Oricon singles chart.
The first game encompassed three fictional cities, while subsequent titles tend to emphasise a single setting.
Initially, the 5 Series was only available in a sedan body style.
This is the discography of the South Korean boy band SG Wannabe.
A sequel, titled Super Mario 3D World, was released for the Wii U in 2013.
The song managed to peak at number one on the Gaon Single Chart despite strong competition from Big Bang and IU.
In December 1992, East Asia won the 34th Japan Record Awards for 10 Excellent Albums, which is a prize that honors ten exceptional studio albums.
The Jeep Liberty, or Jeep Cherokee outside North America, is a compact SUV that was produced by Jeep and designed by Bob Boniface through early 1998.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group 2NE1.
The album was certified Double Platinum in September 1989.
The team holds the records of both the highest and the lowest total in the IPL.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Clarke was replaced by former Thin Lizzy guitarist Brian Robertson, who performed on the top-20 album Another Perfect Day.
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
Ken began his acting career in 2014 in MBC Every 1's comedy drama Boarding House No.
Under the label, Kubota released his first single, "Shitsui no Downtown" in June 1986, followed by "Time Shower ni Utarete" in December.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
It was equipped with a six-speed automatic transmission with performance algorithm shifting and driver shift control.
In September 1986, his debut album, Shake It Paradise, peaked at number twenty-two and remained on the Oricon Albums Chart for seven consecutive weeks.
The 370Z is the sixth-generation of the Nissan Z-car line, succeeding the 350Z.
In December 1996, the album La La La Love Thang was released.
His debut single, "Waiting Outside the Lines", was released in October 2010.
Released in December 1979, the song reached number three in the UK in February 1980 and topped the Japanese charts in November 1980.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
She is also one of Malaysia's best selling artists, for instance, her album sales alone contributed to 10 percent of Malaysia's total album sales in 2001.
The band continues to release compilations through Rhino Records and new live material through both Rhino and their Bright Midnight Archives label.
Porsche AG is headquartered in Stuttgart, and is owned by Volkswagen AG, which is itself majority-owned by Porsche Automobil Holding SE.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
The Torrent shared the Equinox's 185 hp 3.4 L V6 with the 5-Speed Aisin AF33 automatic transmission.
A remastered version, developed using the Retro Engine, was released on iOS and Android devices in December 2013.
"Going Crazy" is a mid-tempo hip hop ballad with guitar, piano and violin instrumentation.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Typically, Sonic—usually along with some of his friends, such as Tails, Amy, and Knuckles—must stop Eggman and foil any plans of world domination.
It is a blend of Indian grain spirits and imported Scotch malts.
Over the years Via has supplemented this initial fleet with new orders and with new acquisitions of secondhand equipment from other operators.
It became one of Stereophonics' best charting singles in the UK, peaking at number three.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
Ruslana Stepanivna Lyzhychko, known mononymously as Ruslana, is a World Music Award and Eurovision Song Contest winning artist, holding the title of People's Artist of Ukraine.
The mission of the Lottery is to produce the maximum amount of revenue possible for Kansas, while insuring the integrity of its games.
He expanded the company in 1928 with the acquisition of Fargo Trucks and Dodge Brothers, and the creation of the Plymouth and DeSoto brands.
The Ford Focus is a compact hatchback manufactured by the Ford Motor Company since 1998.
The ILX was also Acura's first gasoline-electric hybrid vehicle.
Following an unsuccessful debut with the single "Rocket Girl" in August 2011, Stellar underwent a line-up change and released "UFO" in February 2012, which fared similarly.
The album was also number one on the "Top 20 Album Sales" with 44,618 copies sold in May and 125,450 sold altogether.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The "G" is for geländewagen and alludes the long-running G-Wagen.
He has over 60 songs accredited to his name by the Korea Music Copyright Association.
The TSX would also eventually replace the Acura RSX in the US.
From 1997 to 2009, production was sourced at the Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne, Michigan.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Between 1979 and 1982, the group had seven UK top 20 hits, including "Gotta Pull Myself Together" "Who's Gonna Rock You", "Attention to Me" and "Chemistry".
Kansas' newest draw game is the multi-state Lucky for Life, whose earliest version was a Connecticut-only game.
In the Lexus lineup, the GX is situated between its crossover counterpart, the RX, and the premium full-size LX.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
The Acura TL is a mid-size luxury car that was manufactured by Acura.
Children of Bodom's first release under their new name was the split single Children of Bodom, released in January 1997.
However, some Lexus importers use the backronymic name, "Luxury Four Wheel Drive".
Morrison had recorded the poetry in separate sessions in 1969– 70.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
It was followed by "De tanto te querer" that was used in the soundtrack of the soap opera A Favorita, da Rede Globo.
A remastered reissue of this album, featuring a DVD with video clips and live performances, was released in 2007 as the 20th anniversary special edition.
Dmitry Aleksandrovich Koldun is a pop singer from Minsk, Belarus.
The band was criticized by many for this, and referred to as "pop sellouts" and having "gone soft".
However, that was under the old EPA standards.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
Although first-year production was planned at 7,000, General Motors apologized to customers for delays and increased production, delivering 10,000 by March 1.
The second generation Pilot is also marketed in Russia, Ukraine, and in the Dominican Republic.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
Worldwide, she has sold over 10 million albums and 20 million singles.
The company also certifies albums and music videos based on unit sales and compiles the country's music chart.
"—which credited Scherzinger as featured artist—charted in the top twenty of the Billboard Hot 100.
They have currently released seven studio albums, three special albums, and two special edition albums.
"Siempre hace frio" was released to promote the remix album Siempre Selena.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
In February 1988, Kubota released "You Were Mine", which debuted at number two.
She also received two nominations of FAMAS Award for Best Actress for these films respectively.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
The company began an engineering partnership with Mitsubishi Motors, and began selling Mitsubishi vehicles branded as Dodge and Plymouth in North America.
Data as of 2007 indicates that Japan has the second largest music market in the world, but it is the largest in Asia.
The album received several sales certifications including a 4 times multi-platinum from both the Recording Industry Association of America, and from the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
The Accord Euro was launched in China at the end of 2009, where it is built by Dongfeng Honda, and is called the Honda Spirior.
The Ultimate Sin is the fourth studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne.
He was a member of Jpop idol boy band KAT-TUN from their debut until September 30, 2013 when his contract with Johnny & Associates was terminated.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
Its Australian administrative headquarters are located in the Adelaide suburb of Tonsley Park, with branch offices in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
The album peaked to number 1 on the UK Albums Chart, becoming Astley's first number-one album since his 1987 debut album, Whenever You Need Somebody.
The blues heavy LP was a critical and commercial success.
First was the short-lived M45 sedan, a rebadged version of the Japanese-spec Nissan Gloria.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
In 1980 it once again became the Austin Mini and in 1988 the Rover Mini.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
Signature, also known as McDowell's Signature, is a brand of Indian whisky, manufactured by United Spirits Ltd, a Diageo Group company.
The band had sold a total of 13,337,000 albums in the United States as of July 2014.
The company began an engineering partnership with Mitsubishi Motors, and began selling Mitsubishi vehicles branded as Dodge and Plymouth in North America.
The singer recorded four tracks slated for what would have been her English-language crossover album by March 1995.
The second generation was sold in Taiwan only, and received another facelift in 2009 with a new grille, new tail lamps, and a redesigned rear bumper.
This is a list of PC games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies.
Since July 2009, some assembly operations are also performed in Kaliningrad, Russia by Avtotor.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
In the Lexus model lineup, the RX sits below the larger GX and LX body-on-frame SUVs, and above the smaller NX crossover.
The band gained national recognition with their cabaret and kayōkyoku inspired song "Midnight Dejavu".
The band became icons of the '80s MTV era and have had widespread commercial success.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
She moved to South Korea in 2010, where she passed an audition and became an artist for YMC Entertainment.
Elisa Toffoli is an Italian singer-songwriter, performing under the mononym Elisa.
Wallace was raised in the Brooklyn borough of New York City.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
As of January 2013, the HS continues to be sold in Japan, where the ES is not offered for sale.
The RIAA certified Blackout Gold on 24 June 1982 and Platinum on 8 March 1984.
The Unforgiven is the sixth studio album released in 1999 by the hard rock band Michael Schenker Group.
The group won a Japanese Grammy in 1992.
The SL designation was first applied to the 300 SL, often referred to as the "Gullwing" due to its gullwing or upward-opening doors.
Hahm Eun-jung, better known by the mononym Eunjung, also known as Elsie, is a South Korean singer and actress.
The second generation, based on BMW's compact UKL platform, is available with front-wheel-drive and all-wheel-drive.
The Mitsubishi Pajero is a sport utility vehicle manufactured by Mitsubishi.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
A battery electric version, called E-up, was launched in autumn 2013.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
After a 15-year production hiatus, the Continental returned to the Lincoln lineup for 2017, serving as the successor for the Lincoln MKS.
It was released in the United States by Mercury Records.
The name was changed after imported versions were referred to as "1.0" instead of "iO", which could lead to confusion about the engine sizes.
It was the third-best-selling single of 2008 in the UK.
Bad Company's most successful album was their 1974 debut, Bad Company.
The firm next introduced the second generation model in 2009.
The Mountaineer has been praised for its excellent handling and stability.
The model remains on sale in Venezuela as of early 2016 having yet to be replaced by FCA Venezuela with the KL model Cherokee.
Much of this equipment remains in use today.
In Japan, it filled a gap when the Honda Horizon was discontinued in 1999.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
His fourth studio album, Body & Soul, was released in September 1993.
Entertainment in 2014, and consists of five members.
However, in July 2009, Bob Lutz made an off-hand comment during a press review that the G8 would be revived as the Chevrolet Caprice.
The Alero was Oldsmobile's last compact car and was the last Oldsmobile built, the final car left the Lansing Assembly Plant on April 29th, 2004.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
Several editions have been amended with multi-volume "supplements", consisted of previous editions with added supplements or undergone drastic re-organizations.
On 19 September 2015, he had a traffic accident with his wife, in which he was severely injured.
The Scion xA is a five-door subcompact hatchback marketed in the US from 2004-2006 — as an export model of the Japanese Domestic Market Toyota ist.
McPhee has also established an acting career, co-starring in The House Bunny and Shark Night 3D.
The TSX is badge engineered from the CL-series Accord sold in Europe, Japan, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The C-Class is built at Mercedes-Benz factories in Sindelfingen and Bremen, Germany as well as numerous satellite factories in other countries.
The W219, sold as the CLS "4-door coupe", was introduced as a niche model in 2005, and is based on the W211's mechanical package.
hyukoh is a South Korean indie band signed to DRDRamc and HIGHGRND.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
This passed the previous record of 3.00 million set by the album Distance by Hikaru Utada in Japan in 2001.
He is the leader and main rapper of the South Korean boy group BTS, managed under Big Hit Entertainment.
It was Cadillac's first major entry into the popular SUV market.
He has also been featured on tracks by well-known K-pop artists such as G-Dragon and Zico.
"Angels on My Side" was released as the second single from the album on 13 May 2016.
It spawned several airplay singles, including "La La La" and "We Belong Together".
The 1993 single "Everything Is" was the band's first release, and it would later be reissued as an EP with additional tracks.
Infiniti is the luxury vehicle division of Japanese automaker Nissan.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
The Pacifica was the first jointly engineered product of the 1998 DaimlerChrysler "merger of equals."
These are the top 10 best-selling albums in Indonesia, according to physical sales.
Both SGMW and Liuzhou Wuling Automobile Industry Co. Ltd. use the Wuling brand name and the red, five-diamond "W" logo.
The BMW X3 is a compact luxury crossover SUV manufactured by German automaker BMW since 2003.
It charted for a total of 49 weeks, including two weeks in early 2004.
The Montana name was also changed to Montana SV6.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Nevertheless, its ballad repertoire with jazz, folk and ska-inspired music brought Tobias favorable feedback from music critics.
Zico is notable for his successful crossover skills in the Korean hip hop scene, maintaining an underground reputation along with mainstream appeal as a Korean idol.
In the 80's, the band released concert films, and live and compilation albums to much commercial success.
The single became Kubota's first number one hit.
The single from the album, "Block Party," charted #24 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Sales in October of the same year.
She has won nine Grammy Awards and was 60th on Billboard magazine's artists of the 2000–2009 decade chart.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Lengthened wheelbase models are available for both as the Suburban for Chevrolet and Yukon XL for GMC.
Jo Dong-rim, born March 25, 1985, better known by the stage name Mad Clown, is a South Korean rapper, songwriter, and record producer.
In terms of size, it is slotted in between the smaller GLC-Class and the larger GLS-Class, with which it shares platforms.
In 2007, S.H.E produced the song "Wifey" for Play.
It was Cadillac's first major entry into the popular SUV market.
From October 2016 onwards, Mitsubishi is one-third owned by Nissan, and thus a part of the Renault-Nissan Alliance.
Despite this, The Soft Parade became the band's fourth straight Top 10 album and it produced their third most successful single, "Touch Me".
Its successor is now called the Mercedes-Benz GLC-Class.
For 2006, a 3.9 L LZ9 V6, with 240 hp and 240 lb·ft torque.
Manitowoc Cranes is a division of The Manitowoc Company, Inc in the United States.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
The first five generations of the ES were built on the Toyota Camry platform, with the sixth generation more closely related to the Avalon.
As with most direct competitors in the market segment, accommodation is limited to two rows and five seats.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
It was named after Leopardus pajeros, the Pampas cat, which is native to the Patagonia plateau region of southern Argentina.
The Jeep Liberty, or Jeep Cherokee outside North America, is a compact SUV that was produced by Jeep.
FCA US is one of the "Big Three" American automobile manufacturers.
It is primarily developed by Rockstar North, and published by Rockstar Games.
From 2008 until 2013, the TSX was the smallest vehicle in the Acura model line, other than the Civic-based CSX sold only in Canada.
Entitled Sōgō Geinō Shijō Chōsa, it went official on January 4, 1968.
The MG TF was manufactured at the former MG Rover Longbridge plant and sold within the UK from 2008 - 2010.
It received a mild restyle for the 2006 model year.
The band self-released their first EP in 2006, an eight track recording named Runaway World.
It is Cadillac's largest luxury oriented, passenger and load carrying vehicle which was previously served by the Cadillac Commercial Chassis.
As with the BX, the 405 used TU/XU petrol and XUD diesel engines.
It was announced to the public in May 2012, with an official launch that took place at the Paris Motor Show in September.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
Manitowoc Cranes is a division of The Manitowoc Company, Inc in the United States.
The marque returned to competitive motorsport in 2012, and won the 2014 British Touring Car Manufacturers Championship.
The next generations, the M35/45 and M37/56/35h/30d, became the flagship of the Infiniti brand and are based on the JDM Nissan Fuga.
The TSX initially had a restyled interior and different suspension tuning than the European Accord when it was introduced.
In 2009, he contributed a soundtrack from Bad Girl OST named "Lonely Girl" with Kim Hyung-jun.
The most recent version is a subcompact model manufactured between 2002 and 2012, sold under the Colt name internationally.
Here is an incomplete list of locomotives and multiple units used by the narrow-gauge railways in Russia.
Miho Katō, better known by her stage name of Miliyah Kato is a Japanese pop and urban singer-songwriter from Toyota, Aichi, Japan.
By the late 1970s, Chrysler was on the verge of bankruptcy.
On introduction in August 1959 the Mini was marketed under the Austin and Morris names, as the Austin Seven and Morris Mini-Minor.
The Hummer H2 is an SUV and SUT that was marketed by Hummer and built by AM General from 2002 to 2009.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
The current band line-up includes the founders Alexi Laiho and Jaska Raatikainen along with Roope Latvala, Janne Wirman and Henkka Seppälä.
The car is due to be a new milestone for Peugeot, in its quest to become the highest selling range of vehicles in the industry.
The Japanese market Toyota Harrier released in 1997 also offered a 2.2-liter inline-four, later uprated to 2.4-liters.
The bankruptcy resulted in Chrysler defaulting on over $4 billion in debts.
It was licensed for distribution in the United States by Midway Games and released in October 1980.
The BMW 5 Series is an executive car manufactured by German automaker BMW since 1972.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
It also was awarded 2010 Semperit Irish Car of the Year in Ireland.
V8 engines were offered in the second and third generations, and all-wheel drive and hybrid versions debuted in 2005.
The group officially debuted with their single album Another Parting in February 2014 and with three members: Yeoeun, Chahee, and Yein.
It was based on the same platform as the Peugeot 206 and Citroën C3.
Victoria's Secret is an American designer, manufacturer, and marketer of women's premium lingerie, womenswear, and beauty products.
It is the seventh generation of the BMW 5 Series.
According to Mercedes-Benz, the structure will be much more rigid than other vehicles in its class.
Selling more than 450,000 units per year, SGMW has claimed no one model outsells it in China.
The car's powertrain is a re-tuned version of the Voltec EREV drivetrain used in the Chevrolet Volt.
The song was also a worldwide number one hit, topping the charts in 24 other countries, including the U.S., Australia, and Germany.
The vehicle was also the first to be completely designed at Acura's southern California design studio in Torrance.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
The Kansas Legislature passed the "Kansas Lottery Act" in 1987, establishing the Lottery.
The series was also said by a rival TV executive to be "the most impactful show in the history of television".
Production of Mercury vehicles ceased in the fourth quarter of 2010.
Bread was an American soft rock band from Los Angeles, California.
Following The Red, they released their second EP, The Velvet, on March 17, 2016, which showed a more mature, R&B-influenced musical style.
The album topped Korean music charts on its release.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
In 2000, Velasquez's music video "In Love With You", a duet with Jacky Cheung, landed at the #1 spot on MTV Asia's Top 20 Asian Videos.
Sony Mobile was the fourth-largest smartphone manufacturer by market share in the fourth quarter of 2012 with 9.8 million units shipped.
The Pilot seats eight, while the MDX seats seven, with two seating positions in the third row.
The Peugeot 207 was a supermini produced by the French automaker Peugeot from 2006 to 2014.
Its successor is now called the Mercedes-Benz GLC-Class.
They also recorded WWE chairman Vince McMahon's theme song, "No Chance in Hell".
Of the 20 best selling albums in Colombia, Colombian artists dominate the list with seventeen entries.
In 2001, Smithson released her first studio album for MCA Records called Ultimate High.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The only current Z model is the second generation of the Z4 series.
The encyclopaedia grew in size: the second edition was 10 volumes, and by its fourth edition it had expanded to 20 volumes.
John William Feldmann is an American musician and producer.
The Acura EL was a compact executive car built at Honda's Alliston, Ontario, plant, and also the first Acura built in Canada.
It was priced between the M-Class and the GL-Class.
Denise left for a solo career in 1978 and youngest sister Coleen, who had previously made occasional appearances, became a full-time member in 1980, replacing Anne.
In 2010, it was ranked the 22nd best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK.
The Maybach 57 and 62 were the first automobile models of the Maybach brand since the brand's revival by DaimlerChrysler AG.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
McPhee released her fourth album, Hysteria, on September 18, 2015.
It was the smallest of the 4-door Jeep SUVs up until the car platform based 4-door Compass and Patriot arrived for 2007.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
Apart from being the first and only Australian-made SUV, it was also the first local vehicle to feature an electronic stability control.
Mitsubishi Motors Corporation is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Minato, Tokyo, Japan.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
was the first electric car enabled with battery swapping technology and deployed within the Better Place network in Israel and Denmark in 2012.
The album topped the Korean music charts on its release.
The TL was Acura's best-selling model until it was outsold by the MDX in 2007.
The Chevrolet Tahoe and GMC Yukon currently serve as a part of General Motors' full-size SUV family.
In Japan, physical sales decreased sharply in the 2000s, while download sales hit three to four times the amount of single sales.
Song Min-ho, better known by the stage name Mino, is a South Korean rapper and member of the boy group Winner, signed under YG Entertainment.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
He is a member of the boy group BtoB and its sub-group, BtoB Blue.
The group formed in Osaka in 1996, releasing their debut album Blue Speaker in 1998.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
For 1981, the Lincoln Town Car became a distinct product, taking the place of the previous Continental in the Lincoln model line.
His eighth studio album, 50, was released in June 2016.
This is the discography of South Korean boy band Super Junior, produced and managed by SM Entertainment.
Their interpretation, featuring Sakurai's vocals, was included on their 2004 Soushi Souai album.
Singers Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhonsle also sang in few albums for the duo.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
This is the discography of the American death metal band Deicide.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
A different design of the C2, based on that of the Peugeot 206, is sold in China.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
Like The Chemical Brothers, Fatboy Slim, The Prodigy and others, they are pioneers of the big beat genre.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
Although being a British band, Bad Company had more success in the United States than in the United Kingdom.
Its development code was "Project T7", and is the first car of the X08 generation of Peugeot models.
His debut studio album, Whenever You Need Somebody, was released in November 1987.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
The company went public in 1956 but the Ford family, through special Class B shares, still retain 40 percent voting rights.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
In countries where standards exist, they exist in order to prevent accidents, but there have still been some high-profile product recalls after such problems have occurred.
The BX had tried to address the small family car market and the large family car market by being 'between sizes' but well packaged.
The C-Class has been available with a 4Matic option since 2002.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The rear seats can also be flipped downward to form a pair of beds.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
Elsewhere, the changes are less prominent and mainly restricted to minor trimmings, such as wheels and taillamp lenses inserts.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The group officially debuted by having their debut music stage on August 9, 2012, on M Countdown.
Kubota released "The Baddest: Hit Parade" in November 2011, which peaked at number two.
Built on the Toyota New MC platform, it is classified as a compact under Japanese regulations concerning vehicle exterior dimensions and engine displacement.
Their debut studio album So Cool was released on 9 August 2011.
The MG Rover Group was the last domestically owned mass-production car manufacturer in the British motor industry.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
In November 2010, Kubota released his sixth compilation album Love & Rain: Love Songs.
In Japan, it was sold at a specific retail chain called Car Plaza.
The Honda Crosstour is a full-size crossover SUV manufactured by Japanese automaker Honda.
The Jeep facility is part of an automobile complex which includes the Toledo South Assembly Plant, home to the Jeep Wrangler since the 1940s.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide and has appeared in movies and television dramas.
In February 1988, Kubota released "You Were Mine", which debuted at number two.
Park Bom began her musical career in 2006, featuring on singles released by label-mates Big Bang, Lexy and Masta Wu.
One month after the accident, on 18 October 2015, he fell from the 7th floor of his home to his death.
is the second album by the English rock group The Pretty Things, released in 1965.
The W126 was initially offered with straight-six, V8, and a turbocharged diesel engine for the sedan.
In May 1996, Kubota released "La La La Love Song."
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
This unreleased album contains tracks such as "Lights Out", "Superman" and "Goodbye But Not The End."
The Ford Windstar is a minivan that was produced and sold by Ford from the 1994 to 2004 model years.
In order to keep the entries relevant, the list is limited to automobiles built after World War II, and lists superlatives for earlier vehicles separately.
Here is an incomplete list of locomotives and multiple units used by the narrow-gauge railways in Russia.
Daewoo had entered the Indian automobile market with Cielo just three years back while Ford, Opel and Honda had entered less than a year back.
Universal planned to release the film on August 29, 2014, but the studio pulled it from the schedule in favor of As Above, So Below.
The Doors' third studio album Waiting for the Sun, was regarded as an artistic disappointment when compared to their earlier material.
High 'n' Dry was reissued on 31 May 1984 with two bonus tracks:
The Cadillac XLR is a luxury roadster that was marketed by Cadillac, assembled in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
Waiting for the Sun was the first Doors album to chart in the United Kingdom, where it peaked inside the Top 20.
To various extents, nearly all Mercury vehicles would be rebadged.
The First E-Klasse series was originally available as four-door sedan, five-door station wagon, 2 door coupe and 2 door convertible.
Since February 2015, BMW India started local production of X5 in its Chennai plant.
The discography of the South Korean girl group Red Velvet consists of one studio album, five extended plays, and ten singles.
It was launched in late 2011 as the successor to the E90 3 Series.
Park made her debut with release digital single "Beautiful" featuring Zico on August 7, 2014.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
That album would peak at number one and go on to sell over 180,000 copies.
They have currently released seven studio albums, three special albums, and two special edition albums.
The marketing network for Infiniti-branded vehicles now includes dealers in over 50 countries.
The car was available in all Alfa's major markets in stages from July.
In December 2010, Honda introduced a less expensive base model for the 2011 model year.
In its first few years of existence, Acura was among the best-selling luxury marques in the US.
The Mark LT is essentially a rebadged version of the popular Ford F-150 truck with a more luxury-oriented cabin.
Two more albums, Home and Taking the Long Way, followed in 2002 and 2006, respectively, on Columbia Records.
The album peaked at number one and sold over a half million records worldwide.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.
It was a commercial success, reaching number-one in several music markets.
Originally a kampung, the area has been rapidly developed under the ambition of the Housing and Development Board, to transform it into a modern township.
In 2010, the band released the six-song EP Feeling Without Touching.
The Mitsubishi Space Star is a multi-purpose vehicle produced by the Japanese manufacturer Mitsubishi from 1998 to 2005.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
Album releases are followed with the release of a karaoke VCD, consisting of the group's music videos for that particular album.
The Pontiac Torrent is a midsize crossover SUV that was produced by General Motors for the 2006 to 2009 model years.
For its entire production life, the Ford Expedition has been derived from the corresponding generation of the Ford F-150 in production, sharing body and mechanical components.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
"Dreamboat Annie" became Heart's third U.S. chart entry, peaking at number forty-two on the Billboard Hot 100.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Astley became a global pop sensation in 1987 with his debut single "Never Gonna Give You Up" written by the trio Stock Aitken Waterman.
He is a member of the boy group BtoB and its sub-group, BtoB Blue.
Main competitors of the CL-Class in the luxury 2+2 coupé segment included the Aston Martin DBS, Bentley Continental GT, BMW M6, and the Ferrari 612.
It was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Nonfiction Series and won a Grammy Award for Best Long Form Video.
It was voted European Car of the Year for 1988 by the largest number of votes in the history of the contest.
The first Charger was a show car in 1964.
The first-generation RX 300, fitted with a 3.0-liter V6 engine, began sales in 1998.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
On January 29, 2008, the 5 millionth 5 Series was manufactured, a 530d Saloon in Carbon Black Metallic.
Her first full-length studio album of all-new material since 2003, How Mercy Looks from Here, was released on May 14, 2013.
In 2011, Mitsubishi Motors was the sixth biggest Japanese automaker and the sixteenth biggest worldwide by production.
She made her debut after she won a popular local singing competition show Bintang HMI in 1995 when she was only 16.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
Honda became the second-largest Japanese automobile manufacturer in 2001.
The CL-Class is the coupé derivative of the S-Class full-size luxury saloon, upon which it shares the same platform.
Government is the major investor in the state with 52% of total investments, followed by private Indian investors at 29.9% and foreign private investors at 14.9%.
He is also dubbed one of South Korea's Hallyu stars, representative of South Korea's top entertainers.
The members of the selection committee, together with the singer and composer Doğulu decided for "Shake It Up Şekerim", a cheerful uptempo song.
Musically, their sound is often compared to artists like Coldplay, Keane, Aqualung, the Fray, or Arcade Fire.
In November 1986, voters approved a constitutional amendment authorizing the creation of a government-run lottery.
In addition to these small cars, "Colt" in the Mitsubishi vernacular has been used for unrelated vehicles of various forms as discussed below.
Bachelor Girl were an Australian pop duo, formed in 1992 by Tania Doko as vocalist and James Roche as musician, producer and arranger.
The first generation LX 450 started production in 1995 as Lexus' first entry into the SUV market.
The first game encompassed three fictional cities, while subsequent titles tend to emphasise a single setting.
From the second half of 1999, design work commenced under Ford design chief, J Mays, and concluded in July 2002 with the design freeze.
The first generation was released for sale in April 2008 for the 2009 model year The X6 was marketed as a Sports Activity Coupé by BMW.
Turner holds the spot as the 8th best selling female artist of all time out of all genres, with record sales of over 180 million worldwide.
The album also spawned the top-charted single "Dance If You Want It", which peaked at number three.
The Kansas Lottery is run by the government of Kansas.
Maximum the Hormone is a Japanese nu metal band from Hachiōji, Tokyo.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Drive-Thru Records got trapped in that deal, and were stuck with UMD, the catalog division of Universal.
The band became icons of the '80s MTV era and have had widespread commercial success.
Honda was the eighth largest automobile manufacturer in the world behind Toyota, Volkswagen Group, Hyundai Motor Group, General Motors, Ford, Nissan, and FIAT in 2015.
His first compilation album, entitled Story Op.1, was released on September 17, 2015.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
Here is the official SNEP list for the 100 best selling singles in France's history.
Per capita GDP of Tamil Nadu was $3,000 in the year 2014–15, the third highest in India.
Though the band at the time had reservations about the recording, it is regarded by fans as perhaps their finest hour.
On June 30, 2017, FNC confirmed the departure of Choa from the group.
In Iowa, he settled down and began working intently on his musical career, exploring the electronic keyboard; making samples and sounds… and developing his unique style.
They subsequently influenced many other open world action games, and led to the label Grand Theft Auto clone on similar games.
Each charted in the top 5 on the South Korean record chart.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
As of 2015, the Cadillac Escalade is available in every country that Cadillac is available in, except Israel.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
During its first twelve months after first available in the Japanese market, the second-generation Insight sold 143,015 units around the world.
The Mercury Mountaineer was a mid-size luxury sport utility vehicle that was sold by Mercury from 1997 until 2010.
They have currently released seven studio albums, three special albums, and two special edition albums.
Produce 101 is a 2016 reality girl group survival show on Mnet.
These sales figures are therefore neither complete nor definitive.
The alphanumeric moniker stands for "Multi-Dimensional luxury".
The Citroën C3 Aircross is name designated to two SUVs produced by the French automaker Citroën.
The Z range has been produced in four different series with five generations, including coupe variants, one super car, and one concept.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
Ford has sold over 16 million Fiestas since 1976, making it one of the best selling Ford marques behind the Escort and the F-Series.
The BMW X3 is a compact luxury crossover SUV manufactured by German automaker BMW since 2003.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
In September 1988, Kubota released his third album, Such A Funky Thang!.
During its first twelve months after first available in the Japanese market, the second-generation Insight sold 143,015 units around the world.
It traditionally introduces technologies and exterior design themes before they trickle down to other models in BMW's lineup.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
The second and third generations had a V8 engine powertrain, a welded steel unibody shell combined with full-size steel ladder frame, and seats for eight passengers.
AWD models have an optional Hill Descent Control system, using the anti-lock braking system to control the car's motion downhill.
She has since had roles in That Winter, the Wind Blows, Trot Lovers Cheer Up!, in addition to various voice acting roles.
He is sponsored by Dean Guitars and is well known in the neo-classical genre.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
A girl group is a popular music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together.
They are known for a relentless touring schedule, which garnered them a top five ranking in the Hardest Working Bands of 2010 by Songkick.com.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
The Pilot is also sold in the Philippines.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and produced the group's most successful single, "Light My Fire".
Selena had released 22 music videos and 12 video/live albums during her career.
Before her K-pop debut, Ailee was signed under Muzo Entertainment in America.
Infiniti is the luxury vehicle division of Japanese automaker Nissan.
The group's first major release, the EP Ice Cream Cake, was released on March 17, 2015.
In computing, Linux-IO Target is an open-source implementation of the SCSI target that has become the standard one included in the Linux kernel.
The current champion are the Clemson Tigers of the Atlantic Division.
Announced in 2009, and on sale from 2010, the new model features completely new styling combined with underpinnings based on the previous X350 version.
The Ford Motor Company is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.
These sales figures are therefore neither complete nor definitive.
The album peaked at number three on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and sold 21,285 copies in its first week of release.
The car was originally scheduled to be called the Acura MSX.
"Album Reviews: Blue Oyster Cult - Some Enchanted Evening".
In August 1995, "I Could Fall in Love" was released, it featured videos and pictures of Selena.
Chart rankings are based on physical singles' sales.
Over the next few years, Fiat gradually acquired the other parties' shares while removing much of the weight of the loans in a short period.
FAW Haima Automobile Co., Ltd., trading as Haima, is a Chinese automotive manufacturing company based in Haikou, Hainan and a subsidiary of FAW Group.
It is a blend of Indian grain spirits and imported Scotch malt and contains no artificial flavouring.
Six pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: two opening themes and four ending themes.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
On March 31, 1995 Selena was shot dead by Yolanda Saldívar, her friend and a former employee of her Selena Etc.
Both first-generation models were produced until 2000.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Morning Musume was formed in 1997 by rock singer-songwriter turned record producer Tsunku, who later composed the vast majority of the group's songs over the decade.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
They were particularly successful in Japan and won the 1981 Tokyo Music Festival with the song "Sexy Music".
The first generation LX 450, a mid-size SUV, had an inline-6 engine and seats for seven passengers.
Feline and equine products were added in 1988.
However, some Lexus importers use the backronymic name, Grand Sport.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
This is the discography for Canadian hard rock group The Tea Party.
In May 2014, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, NV was established by merging Fiat S.p.A. into the company.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
It has ranked as the second-best selling luxury crossover after the Lexus RX, which offers only two rows of seats.
The Maybach 57 and 62 were the first automobile models of the Maybach brand since the brand's revival by DaimlerChrysler AG.
Seven singles were released from the album which included the international hits "When I Grow Up", "I Hate This Part" and "Jai Ho!
In the middle of the decade, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited attempted to acquire MG Rover, but in 2005 was outbid by another Chinese automaker, Nanjing Automobile.
The members of Red Velvet have also made television appearances: Irene as a host of Music Bank, Yeri as a host of Show!
On 20 November 1858, Émile Peugeot applied for the lion trademark.
She is signed to YMC Entertainment in South Korea and Warner Music in Japan.
Lottery products are sold at approximately 1,900 retailers.
It is available in two variants - Signature Rare Aged and Signature Premier Grain.
The boot is 385 litres or 1021 litres with the back seats folded down.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Acura is the luxury vehicle marque of Japanese automaker Honda.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
It was the third-best-selling single of 2008 in the UK.
Imratul Najwa Binti Abdul Latif, better known by her stage name Najwa Latif, is a Malaysian singer and idol.
As of April 23, 2008, SG Wannabe's fifth album had 85,000 pre-orders and counting.
However their reports and charts are only available to industry insiders and are not available to the general public.
Under this scheme, SUVs use the base name "GL", followed by the model's placement in Mercedes-Benz hierarchy.
The Airwave was built on the Global Small Car platform; however, unlike the City and Fit, the Airwave was unique to the Japanese market.
Discontinued in 2011, the latter day Crown Victoria began production in 1991 at Ford's St. Thomas Assembly plant in Southwold, Ontario, Canada.
In December 1987, Astley released a cover version of the Nat King Cole classic "When I Fall in Love".
She also received two nominations of FAMAS Award for Best Actress for these films respectively.
On January 29, 2008, the 5 millionth 5 Series was manufactured, a 530d Saloon in Carbon Black Metallic.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
In fact, the Escort was the single best-selling car in its second year in the United States and during most of that decade.
The Citroën C2 was discontinued in October 2009, and replaced by the Citroën DS3 in January 2010.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
Here is the official SNEP list for the 100 best selling singles in France's history.
BMW xDrive40d, xDrive35i, xDrive25d, sDrive25d were to be added in December 2013.
Four acts - Carlos Vives, Diomedes Díaz, Juancho Rois and Shakira - appear more than once in the list.
Sir Marc Feldmann, AC FAA FRS FRCP FRCPath FMedSci, is an Australian immunologist, and a professor at the University of Oxford.
In 2016, Peugeot unveiled the new 3008, with the car being available as of January 2017.
The Ford Excursion is a heavy duty, Extended-length sport utility vehicle that was produced by Ford from 1999 to 2005 for the North American market.
It is primarily developed by Rockstar North, and published by Rockstar Games.
The following is a comprehensive discography of the American singer Tina Turner.
Carly Smithson is an Irish soul/pop rock singer, songwriter and actress who was the sixth place finalist on the seventh season of American Idol.
They have sold more CDs in the 2000s than any other Brazilian band and are currently the largest sellers of DVDs in Brazil.
Most of the Rainier's body styling was a direct transfer from the Oldsmobile Bravada, with a new front fascia bearing a resemblance to other Buick models.
It was released in the United States by Mercury Records.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
In addition, Baker's method of stacked harmonies, notable on several other albums he produced, became trademarks of Journey's sound.
The second generation 300 was marketed as the Chrysler 300C in the United Kingdom and Ireland and as the Lancia Thema in the remainder of Europe.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
L'Arc-en-Ciel is a Japanese rock band, founded in Osaka in 1991.
Jonghyun released his first extended play, Base, on January 12, 2015.
In addition, Kubota has composed and written songs for many singers including Iwasaki Hiromi, Misia, Toshinori Yonekura, Koizumi Kyoko, and many other recording artists.
has sold more than 3.3 million copies and became the best-selling double album in Japanese history.
Formed in 2011 by The Entertainment Pascal, the group attracted attention as they were initially produced by Eric Mun of the boy band Shinhwa.
In 2001, Los Tres Reyes released their duet-version of "No me queda más", Selena was only featured in two scenes of the music video.
Imperial Blue, abbreviated to IB and also known as Seagram's Imperial Blue, is a brand of Indian whisky, owned by Pernod Ricard, and launched in 1997.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
Finally Home was released in 2013, shortly after Loggins formed the group Blue Sky Riders with Gary Burr and Georgia Middleman.
BlackBerry was considered one of the most prominent smartphone vendors in the world, specializing in secure communications and mobile productivity.
Since 2003, she has had six top 10 hits in Norway.
Abdul later scored a string of pop music hits in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Unlike the 3 Series and 5 Series sedans, BMW has not produced an M model for the 7 Series.
No compilations were released in season 7.
The Saturn Aura is a midsize family sedan that was produced by Saturn.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
All generations of the E-Class have offered either rear-wheel drive or Mercedes' 4Matic four-wheel drive system.
This is the discography of the South Korean boy band SG Wannabe.
Jung SanJanuary 23, 1985), more commonly known by his stage name San E, is a South Korean rapper contracted under Brand New Music.
Unpretty Rapstar is a 2015 South Korean music competition program focusing on female rappers.
The Infiniti marque is not used in Japan.
The MWRA was created in 1985 and assumed sewage and wastewater treatment functions from the former MDC, now the DCR, which still maintains the watershed lands.
The model has 6 degrees of freedom: 1 in each groin, 1 in each knee and 1 in each ankle.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
The Mercedes-Benz SLK-Class is a compact luxury roadster manufactured by Daimler-Benz in three generations; R170 launched in 1996, the R171 in 2004 and R172 in 2011.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
Billboard 200 and became the only Heart album so far to hit number one, reaching quintuple platinum status.
Absolutely Live was very well received, it charted in the Top 10 in the US and Canada and was certified gold in both countries.
It was based on the previous generation BMW 5 and 6-series.
The Brazilian TR4 had been since July 2007 the Mitsubishi's first four-wheel drive flexible-fuel vehicle, running on gasoline, ethanol or a combination of the two.
The Mercedes-Benz C-Class is a line of compact executive cars produced by Daimler AG.
The brand used the iconic Viking longship as its logo.
The Chevrolet Malibu is a mid-size car manufactured and marketed by Chevrolet from 1964 to 1983 and since 1997.
Jieun and Yongguk promoted the song on M Countdown, Music Bank, SBS MTV's The Show, Music Core and Inkigayo.
Her debut single, "Jerat Percintaan", won the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu and another two awards for Best Performance and Best Ballad.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group 2NE1.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
1 Canadian single "Heaven Coming Down" in 1999.
The Pilot seats eight, while the MDX seats seven, with two seating positions in the third row.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The second generation LX 470 shared exterior styling with the Land Cruiser Cygnus, sold in Japan.
The TL was Acura's best-selling model until it was outsold by the MDX in 2007.
Due to those two events, an entirely new audience, too young to have known of the band earlier, began listening and purchasing the band's music.
It has since been updated to include songs such as "Un Monde parfait".
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
These sales figures are therefore neither complete nor definitive.
It contains the hits "Hit Me with Your Best Shot", "You Better Run", "Treat Me Right", plus a cover of Kate Bush's international hit, "Wuthering Heights".
The single also became certified million selling over two million copies worldwide.
The Pilot is also sold in the Philippines.
It was a more soulful song when compared to his other releases and was mainly intended for the North American market.
The following is a comprehensive discography of the American singer Tina Turner.
The cost of electricity to power plug-in hybrids for all-electric operation has been estimated at less than one quarter of the cost of gasoline in California.
which became the band's most successful album ever.
The first game in the series, released in 1991, was conceived by Sega's Sonic Team division after Sega requested a mascot character.
The EP peaked at number-one on the Gaon chart.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
It was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Nonfiction Series and won a Grammy Award for Best Long Form Video.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety has praised the Tahoe as one of the best of its class.
The 30,000th RCZ came off the assembly line on June 21, 2011.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
A total of five singles were released from the album.
The Pilot is sold in North America, while the Honda MDX was marketed in Japan and Australia for several years.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
However, commercially it was very successful and reached No.
Exo was formed by the Korean entertainment company S.M.
In 1993, Selena released Live, which contained three studio tracks.
In November 2010, Kubota released his sixth compilation album Love & Rain: Love Songs.
In September 1995, Kubota released an English version of Bumpin' Voyage, which was titled Sunshine, Moonlight, his eighth album.
The Montana name was also changed to Montana SV6.
Service to Manassas began on June 22, 1992; the Fredericksburg service started on July 20, 1992.
VRE is owned by the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission and the Potomac and Rappahannock Transportation Commission.
The first two generations had a Japanese domestic market equivalent, the Toyota Aristo, which was sold from 1991 until the Lexus marque's domestic debut in 2005.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
Shin Bora is a South Korean comedian, singer, and actress.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Cadillac offers a version called the Escalade ESV.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
Kim Ji-won, better known by his stage name Bobby is a Korean American rapper and model.
The CR-V is Honda's mid-range utility vehicle, slotting between the smaller HR-V and the larger Pilot.
This was due to a legal action brought about by the song's co-writer, Phil Soussan, for unpaid royalties.
The album charted at number nine on the Oricon Albums Chart.
Victoria's Secret is wholly owned by L Brands, a publicly traded company.
The Cadillac Escalade is a full-size luxury SUV engineered and manufactured by Cadillac.
A girl group is a popular music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together.
Original guitarist, Charlie Paulson, returned to the band after his departure.
It was released as a single in December 1975 and sold over 2 million copies.
Choa Chu Kang New Town is separated into two portions by the Kranji Expressway.
The 2000–2007 Tauruses were built on the D186 which was a modified DN 101 platform.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Their debut album, The Doors, released by Elektra Records, charted at No.
The deal was completed on January 21, 2014, making Chrysler Group a subsidiary of Fiat S.p.A.
On July 29, they made their comeback with "Easily", from their mini album Back to da Future.
The Lincoln Continental is a series of luxury cars produced by Lincoln, a division of the American automaker Ford Motor Company.
He is the winner of Mnet rap competition Show Me the Money season 3.
Her first studio album, Black Diary, was released on January 28, 2009.
The band continues to release compilations through Rhino Records and new live material through both Rhino and their Bright Midnight Archives label.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
As a solo artist, Loggins experienced a string of soundtrack successes, including an Academy Award nomination for "Footloose" in 1984.
The DVD Calypso by Brazil was 24 weeks on the bestseller list of Brazil.
In 2004, after achieving little success with his first album in South Korea, K crossed over to Japan.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The album peaked at number one and was certified million.
Historically, the E-Class is Mercedes-Benz' best-selling model, with more than 13 million sold by 2015.
The group consists of Park Cho-rong, Yoon Bo-mi, Jung Eun-ji, Son Na-eun, Kim Nam-joo and Oh Ha-young.
The second generation X6 was launched at the Paris Motor Show in 2014.
She sold more than 20 million albums worldwide.
Her music became one of his main influences.
The album peaked to number 56 on the German Albums Chart.
The album, like its predecessors, peaked at number one and became certified million.
Despite having had its styling criticized, the 3008 has been praised by automobile magazines.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
She is best known as the main vocalist of the South Korean girl group Apink.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
It was priced between the M-Class and the GL-Class.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
The resultant scandal culminated in Nissan acquiring a controlling interest in MMC the following month.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
1 on Billboard's U.S. Top R&B Chart and peaked at No.
On 19 September 2015, he had a traffic accident with his wife, in which he was severely injured.
While the 405 shares its bottom plate with the Citroën BX, it does not have that car's hydropneumatic suspension.
The single became Kubota's first number one hit.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
D'Nash was a Spanish voice band, best known for representing Spain in the 2007 Eurovision Song Contest.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The Nissan GT-R is a 2-door 2+2 high performance vehicle produced by Nissan unveiled in 2007.
The discography of South Korean singer Park Hyo-shin consists of seven studio albums, one live album, three compilation albums, one cover album, and twenty singles.
"Jaded" was released to radio on July 1, 2003.
In 2009 they added the VOGA package which included white leather seats and exclusive chrome rims.
The Escort was Ford's first front-wheel-drive car built in North America, a design popularized by the Volkswagen Rabbit.
Like the previous series, a 2.4-liter inline-four engine was sold alongside the 3.0-liter V6 in the Japanese market Toyota Harrier.
The Mercury Villager is a minivan manufactured by Nissan and marketed by Ford's Mercury subdivision for the model years 1993–2002, across a single generation.
Girls, Girls, Girls is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, released on May 15, 1987.
He represented Turkey at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, where he was placed fourth, with 163 points.
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
The group officially debuted with their single album Another Parting in February 2014 and with three members: Yeoeun, Chahee, and Yein.
In 1962, Tokushin music reports was founded and became the leading provider of music sales in Japan.
The Alfa Romeo Giulietta is a small family car produced by the Italian automaker Alfa Romeo.
It was part of a product rejuvenation for Saturn intended to make the brand profitable as well as competitive with European imports.
Intended to be Cadillac's flagship sports car, the XLR was based on the Chevrolet Corvette's Y platform.
Unpretty Rapstar 3 is a 2016 South Korean music competition program focusing on female rappers.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
B'z is one of the best-selling music artists in the world and the best-selling in their native Japan, having released 46 consecutive No.
The Acura EL was a sales success.
They started performing in bars and concert halls in Goiás regions.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
The discography of South Korean singer Park Hyo-shin consists of seven studio albums, one live album, three compilation albums, one cover album, and twenty singles.
The third-generation models were the first GS sedans to be sold domestically in Japan.
This is a list of PC games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies.
Taemin began his solo career in 2014 with his first extended play, Ace.
Nintendo re-released the game as a downloadable title via Nintendo eShop in 2012.
Many cover versions of her songs have been performed by Asian singers.
John William Feldmann is an American musician and producer.
The album spawned the top-five hit "Yoru ni Dakarete".
The Mountaineer has been praised for its excellent handling and stability.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
After a long hiatus, the M nameplate was used for Infiniti's mid-luxury sedans.
Introduced in 1993 as a replacement for the 190 range, the C-Class was the smallest model in the marque's line-up until the A-Class arrived in 1997.
Toy safety is the practice of ensuring that toys, especially those made for children, are safe, usually through the application of set safety standards.
It was also produced in Brazil as the Pajero TR4 from 2002 to 2015 under license.
The album peaked at number three on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and sold 21,285 copies in its first week of release.
Both generations of the XC90 have won Motor Trend's SUV of the Year award in their debuts.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
On January 29, 2008, the 5 millionth 5 Series was manufactured, a 530d Saloon in Carbon Black Metallic.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
The Enclave was previewed at the 2006 North American International Auto Show, officially as a concept car, making it the first Lambda vehicle to be displayed.
He is currently signed under Amoeba Culture.
Super Mario Sunshine is a 2002 platform video game developed by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development and published by Nintendo for the GameCube.
From October 2016 onwards, Mitsubishi is one-third owned by Nissan, and thus a part of the Renault-Nissan Alliance.
The second-generation model, the SC 430, went into production in 2001.
The Scion xD was discontinued in 2014, and it will succeeded by the Toyota C-HR, along with the Toyota Matrix, for the 2017 model year.
The Acura TL is a mid-size luxury car that was manufactured by Acura.
Marvel Animation at incorporation included then ongoing animation efforts by Marvel Studios with Lionsgate and Nickelodeon.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
It was another hit for Astley reaching Number 10 on the U.S.
Featured artists included Tech N9ne, Young Buck, Paul Wall and Rich The Factor.
Explorer was also the name of a trim package offered on the Ford F-Series trucks from 1968 to 1986.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
He is little known outside Africa, however, as he has consistently chosen to remain true to his West African fan base.
This is followed by the letter "C"—the SLC being the roadster equivalent to the C-Class.
Michel Sanchez started his own career as singer on 2005 and Eric Mouquet continued working under "Deep Forest".
They are derived from the Benz Maybach concept car presented at the 1997 Tokyo Motor Show.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
No compilations were released in season 7.
The 7 Series is BMW's flagship car and is only available as a sedan.
The best-selling music artists in Japan include Japanese artists with claims of 15 million or more record sales.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
During several of the shows he received standing ovations from the jury for his performances.
All of which are in the list of highest-grossing films in the Philippines that earned her three Box-office Queen titles from GMMSF Box-Office Entertainment Awards.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
In 2010, Ford announced the closure of the Mercury brand following the end of the model year.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
They are best known for their debut single, "Cheeky Song", which has sold more than 1.2 million copies worldwide.
For her work in Fated to Love You's OST, "Goodbye My Love", Ailee won Best Original Soundtrack at the 7th Korea Drama Awards.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
In terms of size, it is slotted in between the smaller GLC-Class and the larger GLS-Class, with which it shares platforms.
Along with its rebadged Mercury and Lincoln variants, the Crown Victoria was the final full-frame rear-wheel-drive passenger sedan produced in North America.
In 1994, he relocated to New York in the United States of America and began working on upcoming album.
A girl group is a popular music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together.
All bouts were fought under Dream mixed martial arts rules, with a 10 min first and 5 min second round.
Under this scheme, roadsters use the base name "SL", followed by the model's placement in Mercedes-Benz hierarchy.
It was last redesigned for the 2006 model year with a new frame, looking very similar to its previous model.
Together they have run the company Luxen Studio since 1993, producing radio and film trailers.
Here is the official SNEP list for the 100 best selling singles in France's history.
Promised Land is the fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche and their highest charting record to date.
The "G" is for geländewagen and alludes the long-running G-Wagen.
It was a Number One album on the Billboard 200 and also made the Top 3 on the UK Albums Chart.
The first generation Insight is the most fuel efficient gasoline-powered car available in the U.S. without plug-in capability for the length of its production run.
The Nissan 350Z has been succeeded by the 370Z since the 2009 model year.
The Frank Sinatra Show was an American musical variety series hosted by Frank Sinatra from 1950 to 1952.
Their lineup has consisted of Daisuke-han, Nao, Maximum the Ryo-kun, and Ue-chan since 1999.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
The Sugababes were an English girl group formed in 1998 by Siobhán Donaghy, Mutya Buena and Keisha Buchanan.
In 2001, Donaghy departed the group amid rumours of a rift with Buchanan and the group were dropped by their record label.
Band Hero received mixed reviews from journalists.
The first C-Class sedan was produced on 1 June 1993, and the first of the second generation rolled off the assembly line on 18 July 2000.
The latest generation C-Class came out in 2014.
He was featured in BoA's 8th album Kiss My Lips.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
Maiko Nakamura is a Japanese R&B singer.
The album topped the Korean music charts on its release.
In 2011, Mitsubishi Motors was the sixth biggest Japanese automaker and the sixteenth biggest worldwide by production.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
This distinctive two-door car was designed for BMC by Sir Alec Issigonis.
It binds to tumor necrosis factor-alpha, which normally binds to TNFα receptors, leading to the inflammatory response of autoimmune diseases.
However, the series has also gained controversy for its adult nature and violent themes.
The DS 3 is a supermini, produced by the French manufacturer Citroën since 2009 and officially launched in January 2010.
Chevrolet and GMC sold two different-sized SUVs under their Blazer/Jimmy model names through the early 1990s.
As a response to federal fuel economy standards, the Mark VI was the first model of the Mark series with smaller exterior dimensions than its predecessor.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The company's first catalog was a 16-page, two-color production selling canine medications.
Black Rain is the tenth studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne, released 22 May 2007 on Epic Records.
Open Your Eyes is the fourth album by Goldfinger.
The franchise centers on a series of speed-based platform games.
The middle and back rows fold flat into the floor to maximise cargo volume.
This was the last album to feature former Ünloco guitarist, Brian Arthur, since he left the band after the release.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
Manufactured by Mazda in Hiroshima, Japan, the model debuted in 1989 at the Chicago Auto Show.
Because of the massive success "Christmas Eve" gained, the album also enjoyed the long-term commercial success.
It also controls VW Credit, Inc., Volkswagen's financial services and credit operations.
This list was made public in a prime-time nationwide broadcast on M6 on February 6, 2004.
Feline and equine products were added in 1988.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
