80 on The 2013 Independent Critics List of the 100 Most Beautiful Faces.
Born Dora Wilson in London in 1874, De Winton was a well-known drama and comedy theatre performer during the 1880s.
In 2008, she won the Mainichi Film Award for Best Supporting Actress for her work in Fumiko no Umi.
Dayo Wong Tze-wah is a Hong Kong stand-up comedian, actor, presenter, screenwriter, and singer, who is the pioneer of stand-up comedy in Hong Kong.
Mavis began her singing career in the mid 90s as a pop idol, singing songs catered mostly towards children and young teenagers.
He is better known, however, for his Bruce Lee inspired "tribute" films, also known as "Bruceploitation".
Mary Germaine is an English film actress.
Richard Cole is an English actor who appears in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale as Chief of Police Charles Vaughan.
Perrier was crowned Miss France World 1953 by Miss France World 1952, Nicole Drouin.
He was also noted for his narration of the 1933 documentary Land Without Bread.
She is married and lives in London.
Joe Junior is a popular Hong Kong English pop singer from Hong Kong during the 1960s.
Tōru Emori; 25 January 1944) is a Japanese actor, voice actor, and theater director.
Since 2013, he gradually shifted his career focus to mainland China.
Steven Cheung was a member of the Cantopop duo, Sun Boy'z from 2002–2006, where William Chan joined in and the group was renamed Sun Boy'z.
Lisa Cheng is a Hong Kong champion body builder and speed climber, known as 'Hong Kong's Spider Girl'.
She won the Award for Best Newcomer at the 6th Yokohama Film Festival and at the 8th Japan Academy Prize for Aiko 16 sai.
She appeared in more than 70 films and television productions since 1952.
She was married to director Juzo Itami from 1969 until his death in 1997, and regularly starred in his films.
He is perhaps best known for his role as Chief Inspector Paul Stritch in the long running ITV drama The Bill.
Hilda Christabel Bailey was a British film actress.
and Everybody Loves Sunshine, alongside David Bowie and Goldie.
Gem Souleyman is a British actor, who was born on November 11, 1987 in Enfield, England.
Tom Busby was a Canadian actor and agent.
His uncle is an actor Bryan Leung.
In 2002 they won the Perrier award for Best Newcomer at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
James Ryan is a South African actor, writer and director.
Kim Peacock was a British film and radio actor.
On radio she played the part of Lyra Belacqua in BBC Radio 4's His Dark Materials trilogy.
He is now filming with Zhao Li Ying and Allen Ting in "Wife's Secret".
He appeared with Peter Lorre in the 1939 classic Mr. Moto's Last Warning.
She is the daughter of the Finnish consul Erkki Alhanko, who was stationed in Colombia when she was born.
Ng Man-tat is a Hong Kong actor originally from Fujian, China.
He appeared in the 1986 Christmas film, A Smoky Mountain Christmas, as Vernon.
He is mostly known for playing Godzilla for the "Millennium" series.
Knut Gunnar Johanson was a Swedish actor known for his frequent work with writer and director Ingmar Bergman.
She was nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the 17th Japan Academy Prize for her role in Bloom in the Moonlight.
His father is Ken McGlashan, a Labour councillor for Knowsley.
He appeared in the film Breaking Glass.
Édouard Baer is a French actor, director, screenwriter and producer.
Suzuki's race queen career started already in 1994 when she joined the sugo racing team.
He also appeared as Paul in Rough Justice, a little-known Hewland International/ITV show.
Lew Grade introduced her parents to each other and he and his wife, the singer Kathleen Moody became McMurray's god parents.
Her sister is actress and solo singer Lorene Ren.
William Marlowe was a British theatre, television and film actor.
Sze Yu is a Chinese-born Australian actor, television presenter and retired badminton player.
She starred in the 1970 film A Swedish Love Story.
Mavis Hee, born Xu Meifeng, and also known as Xu Meijing, is a Singaporean singer-songwriter and actress.
She died in 1990 in London, England, of cancer.
She was the wife of actor Leonard Sachs, the mother of actor Robin Sachs and Toby Sachs.
Simon Robson is a British actor, director and writer.
He graduated from the University of Toronto, studied animation in the United States before returned to Hong Kong in 1998.
Tao-liang Tan is a Hong Kong martial arts instructor and former film actor.
Lam Kwok-Hung, is a Hong Kong actor, best known for his role as Superintendent Raymond Li in Jackie Chan's Police Story and Police Story 2.
One of his first roles was in the BBC hospital drama, Angels.
He won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 2007.
Terence Siufay is a Macanese singer who has been with the group C-Plus for the past 10 years in Macau.
Melanie Walters  is a Welsh actress, who has worked frequently in television.
Crellin lives with his wife and children in Horwich, near Bolton.
His other television appearances include: Knots Landing, Simon & Simon, The Colbys, Falcon Crest and Beverly Hills, 90210.
At the 15th Guldbagge Awards he won the Special Achievement award.
She won the award for Best Supporting Actress at the 17th Hochi Film Awards for The Oil-Hell Murder and Netorare Sosuke.
Ethan Juan is a Taiwanese actor and model.
He joined the Naval section at Bletchley Park in September 1939, and later became Head of the Naval Section.
On 28 July 2014 he appeared in Coronation Street as Oliver Porter, acting as mediator in a dispute between Nick and Leanne Tilsley.
She had a role in Godzilla vs. Biollante, portraying Asuka Okouchi.
Zhang Baojian, better known as Chor Yuen, is a Hong Kong-based Chinese film director, screenwriter and actor.
She has collaborated with artists such as Saskia Volde to make the Tate Gallery exhibited piece "Placebo".
Signe Wirff was a Swedish film actress.
In 2010, Pan established his streetwear brand "Undisputed" and modelled for the brand's promotional ads.
Ted Bengt Georg Åström is a Swedish actor.
Seiko Nakano is a former Japanese voice actress.
Forbes Collins is a versatile British character actor, seen in supporting roles.
He trained at the RADA, and has appeared on both stage and screen.
Megumi Kagurazaka is a Japanese actress and glamour model.
Series 3 also finished filming in 2008.
He continues to paint and exhibit work.
Eric Barclay was a Swedish film actor.
He formerly performed under the stage name Chak Fung.
Internationally, she may be best known for her role in Ingmar Bergman's film, Smiles of a Summer Night.
Show Luo became the spokesperson for Love Blind Charity in 2008.
Yoshio Inaba was a Japanese actor best known for his role as one of the title characters in Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai.
She was a leading lady of British silent films of the 1920s, appearing in Confetti with Jack Buchanan and Downhill with Ivor Novello.
As a youth, he decided to join a troupe of actors; and this was the beginning of a long career.
Ooms participates in season 10 of Stjärnorna på slottet which was broadcast on SVT.
In December 1998, Rock Records sent Ah Niu to expand his singing career in Taiwan.
He has Cantonese Chinese and Chiu Chow origin.
She plays major supporting roles in drama serials.
Rönnblad is buried at Norrmalms begravningsplatsen in Stockholm.
Stephen Hall "Steve" Railsback is an American theatre, film, and television actor, born in Dallas, Texas.
Heather James is a British television actress.
It was written and directed by Benjamin Cleary and produced by Serena Armitage and Shan Christopher Ogilvie.
He performed the song on 9 February 2013 during semi-final 2 of the series, but failed to qualify to later rounds.
He was briefly principal of the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School in the early 1960s.
Chen Xiao is a Chinese television and film actor.
She appeared in 90 films between 1913 and 1954.
Over the course of their fourteen-year marriage, she bore him eight children.
In Asian cinema, Chou has co-starred with Jet Li, Donnie Yen and Sammo Hung in martial arts films such as Fearless, and Flash Point.
She was married to the actor Eugène François Mayeur, who died in 1918 having given her one daughter, Mary Helen Mayeur.
She starred in the film The Temptress and the Monk, which was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival.
He was best known for his role as Ernest Bishop in Coronation Street.
Kinlay was in the short film "Touch" which won the Grand Prize at the Virgin Media Shorts Awards in 2013.
Liu speaks Mandarin, Taiwanese, English and minimal Japanese.
He is the son of Axel Düberg, also an actor.
In January 2012, Kent appeared in the episode of Tracy Beaker Returns entitled Justine Littlewood Returns as Justine's sleazy, conman fiancé.
He has also appeared in Cambridge Spies and had minor roles in Spooks, Mrs. Henderson Presents, A Good Year and Munich.
He took on a role in Vous n'aurez pas l'Alsace et la Lorraine in 1977 on an offer from actor Coluche.
He works on the Chinese-language Channel 8.
Hebe Tien is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Walker appeared in films for over thirty years from 1922 onwards, largely in supporting roles but occasionally as a lead such as in Help Yourself.
On TV she is known for presenting a regular feature on the Hunan Broadcasting System show Playing Tricks, broadcast nationally on the Aniworld Satellite TV channel.
Hans Olof Strååt was a Swedish film actor.
One of her last public performances was for Germaine Monteil's cosmetics.
Nicholas 'Nick' Robert Audsley is an actor of English descent, best known for his portrayal of Peter van Pels in Anne Frank: The Whole Story.
Patrick has collaborated on two further shorts with Anna Campion, Inertia and Bipolar.
In 2008 Spring "Teater C" performed their 2nd play Avslutningen, a monologue supplied by Kessel, and written and directed by Dag Thelander.
She is best known for starring in numerous Singaporean dramas from the 1980s to the 1990s, most notably in Samsui Women.
Daisy Cordell was a British actress of the silent era.
Geoff Hoyle is an English performer who originated the role of Zazu in the Broadway theatre production of The Lion King.
He started his career as a host of Channel V programs.
Marie-Laure Dougnac is a French actress specializing in the dubbing of English films and TV shows into French.
Film credits have included: Crush; From Hell and Hollywoodland.
She was nominated for the Best Supporting Actress award at the 2005 Japanese Academy Awards for her performance as the absent mother in Nobody Knows.
He has appeared in a lead role in two films and as a supporting player in two others.
He starred in the 1974 film A Handful of Love, which was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cole is also a drama and English teacher in a special needs school in North Yorkshire.
He played for Cross Keys RFC until 1955 before heading to Hollywood to try to make his fortune as an actor.
The character was the former stepson of Donna Culver Krebbs who was played by Susan Howard.
She also appeared in two Doctor Who serials - Earthshock and Battlefield.
Wong Tin-Lam was a Chinese screenwriter, producer, director, and actor, who has contributed to the Hong Kong cinema scene with a career spanning six decades.
She was previously a contracted artiste under the Hong Kong television network TVB.
Culwick is married with three children and currently works as a theatre studies teacher in Honiton, Devon, England.
He co-hosted the Super Trio series, Super Trio Supreme, in season 8 with Eric Tsang, Chin Kar-lok, and Wong Cho-lam.
In 2012, Bakurova starred in the film Young Dudes directed by DJ Chen Yin-Jung.
Mahmoud Abdel Aziz was an Egyptian movie and television actor.
He began directing films in the 1970s.
Residing in Vancouver, B.C., and traveling world-wide, Calgary-born Evans sings in eight languages including Cantonese, Mandarin and Japanese.
He is currently filming Marrowbone, written and directed by Sergio G. Sanchez.
After years of playing background and minor supporting characters, Chan got his first major role in the ATV television drama Love In a Miracle.
In 1996 she was offered HK$20 million to pose nude and rejected the offer.
The EP also includes a bonus DVD containing three music videos, one of which features Vincy Chan and Yumiko Cheng.
He won his second Guldbagge Best Actor award for Fanny and Alexander at the 19th Guldbagge Awards in 1983.
She has been a full-time Mediacorp artist for 15 years and is managed by Artiste Networks, a subsidiary of Hype Records.
Olive Mercer, born Olive Maude Adams, was a British television actress.
Spring of Trivia, a show he co-hosted with fellow actor Katsumi Takahashi.
Since 2007, Harries has been a Director of Common Ground Theatre Company along with his partner Pat Whymark.
He won Most Improved Actor at the 2008 TVB awards 2008.
In the following year, he was asked to become the leader of "Love Blind Promise Career Starter Class".
Cook attended Norwich School before studying English at the University of Sussex.
He is not to be confused with Japanese stunt actor Jun Murakami.
Kuroki was a cast member of the Takarazuka Revue, belonging to the Moon Troupe.
Eric Ma Siu-cheung, GBS, JP is a Hong Kong engineer and government official.
Rune Lindström was a Swedish screenwriter and actor.
In 2016, he appeared in "Hated in the Nation", an episode of the anthology series Black Mirror.
Charles Gustave Auguste le Bargy was a French actor and early film director.
Masanori Ishii, born March 21, 1973 in Yokohama, Japan, is a Japanese actor, comedian and narrater.
Among the films are Darkness Falls, The Bourne Identity, and The Detonator.
Her main roles were in Father, Dear Father and Harriet's Back in Town.
Zeffie Agnes Lydia Tilbury was an English actress.
Lindgren was born in 1932 in Österåker, north of Stockholm, Sweden.
His credits include: Z-Cars, Dixon of Dock Green, Doctor Who, Boon, Goodnight Sweetheart, Inspector Morse, The Bill, Casualty and Holby City.
In 2012, he appeared in the feature film Elfie Hopkins, starring opposite Jaime Winstone and Ray Winstone.
He joined Military Drama Group in Xinjiang Province in 1983.
Dennis Posa, aka Dennis Parker, better known by his performance name of Wade Nichols,, was an actor and singer who started his career in adult films.
She is best known for her role in the cult TV series Les Deschiens, in which she appears alongside Yolande Moreau.
She has also been featured on the cover of numerous magazines.
Hanna Kristina Schmitz is a Swedish actress.
Nana Katase is a Japanese actress, singer, and fashion model.
He often plays a role much younger than his actual age due to youthful appearance.
Han Geng is a Chinese Mandopop singer and actor.
Marcel Bozzuffi was a French film actor, perhaps best remembered for his role as a brutal hitman in the Oscar-winning American film The French Connection.
Tia Lee is a Taiwanese singer, actress and model.
Pegge is set to appear in The Phoenix Files audio drama as Robert Montag.
In 2005, he performed August Strindberg's Créanciers directed by Hélène Vincent, with Lambert Wilson and Emmanuelle Devos.
Hartman appeared as Dave Slade in the 1994 Heartbeat episode "Wild Thing"; he played Dave Slade, whose dog was attacking sheep.
Boath last appeared onscreen as Benji Reed in the 2013 television series "House of Anubis."
Hillman also had a spell with British R&B Girl Group Urban Lady during the early 2000s and released the song "Mutual" into the U.K.
Chris Weatherhead is an American film, theater and television actress, writer, director, and producer.
"Lady Zhaojun" premiered in Beijing on April 16–19 and it is expecting to go on a world tour in 2016.
Kotomi Kyono is a Japanese actress and occasional J-Pop singer.
Don't Look Now, A View from the Bridge, Of Mice and Men.
Claude Faraldo was a French actor, screenwriter and film director.
He learned martial arts from Philip Ng, Andy On and Sammo Hung for the screen and television, which he continues to practice.
Rio Suzuki is a Japanese child actress and tarento.
In 2009, Ford portrayed a disturbed woman known as Maureen in Channel 4's Shameless.
She appeared on stage in The Mask of Virtue with Vivien Leigh, and in Agatha Christie's The Hollow.
She was survived by Perry and their four children.
Wallace Huo Chien-hwa is a Taiwanese actor, singer and producer.
Since then, Ting has been working consistently as an actress and continues to gain popularity in the Hong Kong cinema.
She changed her English name to Lenna.
She has also performed ballet, and contemporary and modern dance.
Barry also appeared in the 1954 Sheldon Reynolds produced Sherlock Holmes television series.
Karima Adebibe is a Moroccan-English actress and fashion model.
Fredrik Olof Johan Norling is a Swedish actor and theatre director.
Morton Selten was a British stage and film actor.
She was a cousin of the actor and socialite Peter Lawford.
He appeared in more than 280 films from 1937 to 1972.
He previously went by the stage name Wang Yu-xiang.
According to Apple Daily, Lin was the third highest-earning Taiwanese drama actress in 2011, and the top-earning in 2012 and 2013.
Rose Stradner was an Austrian stage and film actress.
John Gunnar Håkan Serner was a Swedish actor.
Marcel Lévesque was a French film actor.
Fàn Wei is a Chinese skit and sitcom and film actor best known for his performances with Zhao Benshan in CCTV New Year's Galas since 1995.
He appeared in 37 films between 1915 and 1946.
Ina Clare was a British television actress, best known for her role as the background character Ina Foot in the BBC soap opera EastEnders.
After the war, she appeared in Japanese movies under her real name, as well as in several English-language movies under the stage name Shirley Yamaguchi.
Masanobu Takashima is a Japanese film and television actor.
Renée Sylvaire is a French film actress of the silent era.
She was born 1972 in London, Chaplin grew up in France and Spain.
Sally Bazely is a British television actress.
She remarried, to Irish actor James Berwick, né James Kenny.
He also appeared in Dixon of Dock Green, Moody and Pegg, Dear John and the TV soap opera Emmerdale Farm.
He was also formerly the drummer of the rock band Dustz, fronted by fellow actor Ray Fujita.
Gigi Lai is a Hong Kong actress and Cantopop singer.
Arthur Young was an English actor, notable for roles including Gladstone in the 1951 The Lady with a Lamp.
Later he found further work primarily in films including Marat/Sade, and the original Bedazzled with Peter Cook and Dudley Moore.
He married children's book illustrator Hester Margetson in 1927 under the name Jack Seaforth Elton Martin-Harvey.
Zhu Xijuan is a mainland Chinese film actress.
He has also published three illustration books in which he expresses ideas and emotions through his writing and drawings in a creative and unique way.
She went on to work in New York City and other international cities.
He remained as a producer for TVB until 2012.
For that role Turner received the Clarence Derwent Award for the best supporting performance and the London Critics Award for the most promising newcomer.
He is best known for the role of Gonza Kurahashi in the Garo television franchise.
Manfred Wong is a Hong Kong radio personality, film producer, screenwriter, film director and actor.
He was born in Malmö, Sweden and died in Gothenburg.
Rupert Holliday Evans is an English actor.
In January 2011, he played a Hungarian detective, Tibor Orban, in Bloodlines, the fourth episode in the 14th series of the BBC crime drama Silent Witness.
She was also a main character in A Story of Love, along with Ring co-star Hiroyuki Sanada.
Ryu Hwa-young, better known by the mononym Hwayoung, is a South Korean singer and actress.
Hudson's younger sister is the actress and presenter Charlotte Hudson he also has two more younger siblings called Laura, Lydia.
She won again in 1985 for her role in False as Water.
Outside Japan, he is most well known for playing the PC in the "Get A Mac" advertising campaign in Japan.
Eugene Michael Simon is an English film and television actor.
He was born in Ullapool, Scotland and educated at George Heriot's School in Edinburgh.
Lau was entered into the Guinness World Records for the "Most Awards Won by a Cantopop Male Artist".
She was married to the Dutch actor Ernst Winar.
In 1992, she was a member of the jury at the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival.
Oscar Leung Lit-wai is a Hong Kong actor working for TVB.
However, Cheung was unhappy with it and she remade the film as Romantic Dream.
Marc Louis Maxime de Jonge was a French actor.
William San is a Malaysian actor, radio deejay and host.
Lam writes a lot of his own songs and occasionally writes for other artists.
Richard Cowley was an actor in English Renaissance theatre, a colleague of William Shakespeare and Richard Burbage in the Lord Chamberlain's Men and the King's Men.
She was also Miss Hong Kong 2004 1st runner-up.
Her credits include: Doctor Who, Secret Army, Blake's 7, Tenko, A Touch of Frost, The Bill and Doctors.
He made his first appearance in 2004 when he played Liam Fisher in the episode A Life Lost of the TV series Casualty.
Ernie Lotinga was a British comedian and film actor.
Her credits include Hotell, Sex hopp & kärlek and the television series Spung and Brandvägg.
Most notably in the 1990s, she was dubbed by the media as the "Cantopop Queen" and diva.
His break-through was in the TV series Tre Kärlekar in 1989.
His father was interested in theatre and acted out for his children.
His television appearances have included the role of Alfred in the Agatha Christie's Poirot television film, Hercule Poirot's Christmas.
Maria-Elena Laas is an actress and model of Puerto Rican descent.
Modern viewers will remember Evans as the Earl of Glenheather Castle in The Three Stooges comedy The Hot Scots and its remake Scotched in Scotland.
He became a familiar figure to screen audiences, usually playing the "posh fat bloke", usually gruff and invariably wearing a monocle.
Also appeared in BBC 1 soap Doctors.
He has appeared in more than 25 films and television shows since 1980.
Adrian Hall is a former English actor and co-director.
Frida Sophia Hallgren is a Swedish actress, internationally known from As It Is in Heaven.
He appeared in 107 films between 1934 and 1964.
In 2005, he became the first ever winner of Hong Kong's Mr. Hong Kong male beauty contest and subsequently signed a contract with TVB.
She also worked as a VJ for MTV Taiwan.
His 2 month old grandson, Charlie Smith, was the youngest known British victim of the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami.
She also appeared in the film The Duchess.
By summer of 2015, Myolie left TVB to explore new avenues.
She starred in the Russian film Potseluy babochki and the Hong Kong film 3D Sex and Zen: Extreme Ecstasy.
He graduated from the Chinese Culture University's physical education department.
Valter Skarsgård studied in St. Eriks gymnasium and graduated in 2013.
Isao Kimura, also known as Kō Kimura, was a Japanese actor.
Lena Granhagen is a Swedish actress and singer.
He appeared in 28 films between 1942 and 2000.
Hewland was born in Gravesend, Kent, England, UK and died in Ealing, London.
In 1997, he financed the construction of "Chao-chun Film Studio" in Qingdao, China to film Bao Zheng-related television drama.
Alice Henley began acting at a young age, her first professional performance being at 13 playing Phyllis in a stage adaptation of The Railway Children.
Jordan Routledge is a former English actor.
She was also in the Paul Merton's Silent Clowns documentary on BBC Four as herself, in 2006.
Currently Fröling can be seen on Swedish television channels TV6 and TV3, on the TV shows Rocky & Drago with Peter Siepen, and Lustgården respectively.
Kazuo Funaki is a Japanese Enka singer.
His film appearances include roles in The Last Valley, The Asphyx, Deadly Strangers, Blood Relations and Dead Man's Folly.
Gould moved on to professional theatre work, and is now a member of progressive physical theatre company, Complicite.
He appeared in 30 films between 1934 and 1957, but is best remembered for playing the lead in Bob le flambeur.
He is best known for his role as Varys in the HBO series Game of Thrones.
She has also played Mina Van Helsing in the popular CBBC series Young Dracula.
She is also a cellist, giving performances of chamber music and orchestral works.
She had been married to Lai Siu-tin followed by a divorce.
She joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1979, where she played principal roles until 1982.
In 2004, he starred in a self-penned one man show called Jackson's Way at the Edinburgh Fringe.
When Hong Kong films started to move towards Mandarin, Kwan's career faltered and joined TVB and acted in various roles.
He is the leader of the Quiz!
Dan Tullis Jr., often credited as Dan Tullis is an American actor most notable for his role as Officer Dan on the sitcom Married... with Children.
Her father died early and she was brought up by her mother in Inner Mongolia.
Wu Fung remains a very much loved and respected elder in Hong Kong's entertainment industry, and is "godfather" to both Jacky Cheung and Leon Lai.
His brother was the late Christopher Hancock who played Charlie Cotton in EastEnders.
Jack Lambert was a British film and television actor.
She left behind her husband, Andy, and three children.
She is nicknamed "Lady Whirlwind" and "Lady Kung Fu" by her fans.
He has appeared in more than 25 films and television shows since 1962.
Died in Harrow on the Hill, London aged 89.
Chen also entered the Forbes China Celebrity 100 List for the first time.
Keith’s high profile saw him interviewed on ITN, a broadcast that curtailed his acting career.
In 1956 he appeared in "The Mousetrap" at the Ambassadors Theatre in London.
Malmberg is the 1956 winner of the Dobloug Prize, a literature prize awarded for Swedish and Norwegian fiction.
He appeared in 80 films between 1920 and 1960.
Recently she started working at Lewes Old Grammar School as a drama coach.
At the age of 45, she committed suicide by overdosing on sleeping pills.
Beatrice Pons was an American stage, television and film character actress.
Wang Luoyong is an actor from China who appeared in American films.
Annie Liu Xin You is a Taiwanese Canadian actress.
Ludi Lin (Chinese: 林路迪; pinyin: Lín Lùdí; is a Chinese-Canadian actor.
His character, Pengelly, appears to have withheld information from Dock Green police who are investigating the death of a woman in a gas explosion.
His theatre work includes playing Sapiens in a Discovering Lost Musicals concert staging of By Jupiter at Barbican Cinema 1 in 1992.
She married film director Chen Kaige in 1996 and they have two sons.
He also co-starred with Alexander Fu in many films at that time.
Hiroyuki Watanabe is a Japanese actor who was born in Mito, Ibaraki Prefecture.
His screen career had wound down by 1942, but he made one final appearance in the 1951 film Soldiers Three.
Carla Mendonça is a British actress best known for proceeding the role of Sophie Johnson in the CITV children's sitcom My Parents Are Aliens.
Johnny More was an English comedy impressionist.
Pierre Palmade is a French actor and comedian.
In May 2016, it was announced that he was cast as Björn Borg in the 2017 film Borg/McEnroe.
Conleth Seamus Eoin Croiston Hill is a Northern Irish film, stage and television actor.
She studied at Sankt Eriks gymnasium and later at the Swedish National Academy of Mime and Acting.
She was the original Mariana in Fielding's Miser.
He has appeared in more than sixty films since 1965.
Brill was a frequent panelist on the 1970s revival of Match Game and, along with McCall, the celebrity-couples gameshow Tattletales.
In his book The Stage Struck Me!
Camille Guérini was a French film and television actor.
Cornelius appeared in all 10 episodes of series one.
She reprised her role as Ms. Tomkinson in the two-part Christmas special Return to Cranford.
In addition to his singing career, Lam has also acted in many films, making his film debut in Luckies Trio in 1978.
She has also appeared in Sean's Show, Men Behaving Badly, Holby City and Kavanagh QC.
He has two children with Swedish actress Lena Endre and is now engaged to Åsa Hultman and living in Stockholm.
Wong gained a degree in philosophy from the University of Alberta in Canada.
At the 12th Guldbagge Awards he won the award for Best Actor for his role in the film Hello Baby.
Rob Heyland is a British actor turned television writer.
Laura Préjean is a French voice actress, who is the daughter of actor Patrick Préjean and the granddaughter of actors Albert Préjean and Lysiane Rey.
Colin Edwynn is an actor who appeared as PC Jimmy Conway in the British television soap opera Coronation Street between 1967 and 1972.
Takada also worked as a singer, and the duet she recorded with Mitsuo Kaji, "Waga Ai wo Hoshi ni Inorite," became a huge hit.
Constance Song is a Singaporean actress, model and entrepreneur.
Hisashi Igawa is a Japanese actor who has appeared in such films as Akira Kurosawa's Dodesukaden, Ran and Madadayo.
The part was written especially for him and gave him the chance to show off his talent for impressions.
She has been nominated for eight Best Actress Japanese Academy Awards, winning in 1988 for her role in A Taxing Woman.
She can fluently speak English, Cantonese, Mandarin and Japanese and has used all four languages in her roles.
As well as film appearances, he appeared onstage as Stanhope in the first production of Journey's End in the United States.
Liu Tianjue, better known as Tony Liu, is a Hong Kong actor and martial artist.
Derek Tsang Kwok-cheung is a Hong Kong actor and film director.
His son Ian was a senior civil servant at the UK Department of Health.
He appeared in 23 films between 1940 and 1961.
He has appeared in TV series, such as The Bill and Casualty, and in the film Loved Up.
Claude France born in Emden, Germany; was a German-born French actress.
Supported by André Malraux and Albert Camus, he ascended to fame at the Festival de Nîmes, France, in his role of Julius Caesar.
She died in a car accident in 1992.
She married actor John Martin-Harvey in 1889 and become a leading lady of his theater troupe.
Dasmond Koh is a Singaporean actor, television host and radio DJ.
He is the voice of Miyamoto Usagi from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
The theatre group played at many theatres in Stockholm.
"Jayden" Yuan Xiaochao, born August 7, 1988, is a Chinese film actor, martial artist, and wushu champion athlete who was born in Shandong.
Outside of his film career, Lee is a seasonal member of a Hong Kong hip hop band Lazy Mutha Fucka where he is the rapper.
Helen Burns is a British actress mostly known for playing comedic roles.
Hugh Crossley, British hotel owner and aristocrat
Popplewell was originally known for her role as Daisy in Love Actually.
He is married to actress Deng Jie and he has a son named Zhang Mo from a previous marriage, who is also an actor.
Eventually he learned to run with his arms and became a weightlifter.
He appeared in 56 films and television shows between 1974 and 2010.
Time has brought about many changes to both her life and her music, but her passion for expression has never changed.
He had auditioned to become a part of the D-Boys acting troupe under Watanabe Entertainment, and became friends with Hiroki Suzuki, whom he shares his name.
From 2005 to 2010 she was married to the director Alexander Mørk-Eidem with whom she had a son, Alfred.
She played the lead role in the 1985 film Love Hotel.
He served in the Fleet Air Arm and hoped for a career as a writer before training as an actor at RADA.
He also appeared in Lewis in 2007.
Maude married firstly Scottish Rugby International player and journalist Frank Waters, with whom she had a daughter.In 1956 she married Oliver Woods.
He was born on August 2, 1952.
Yūnosuke Itō was a Japanese film actor.
Her father is screenwriter Charles Spaak and her sister is Catherine Spaak, an actress.
She wrote for the Art Sales Page of The Daily Telegraph.
He played Sajid in the hit film East Is East.
He is one of the "Four Heavenly Kings" of Hong Kong.
Welsh also appeared in a number of different roles on Danger Man that included British diplomats and butlers.
In 2002, Rui En debuted her acting career with her first drama, No Problem!.
He also play the role of Zebra from the series Toriko.
She returned to the role of Mimi in The Return of 'Allo 'Allo!
Instead, stuntman Remy Julienne, was held solely responsible for the botched scene.
She is a niece of singer Chiyo Okumura.
They married on 8 December 2003 in Australia.
Born in Tokyo, she developed fame largely through many performances as a supporting actress.
Michiko Godai, real name Michiko Ōwada is a Japanese actress.
Crowned as Miss Cinderella, Oka was invited to visit Hollywood and Disney Studios in March 20 to April 4, 1953.
She also appeared in a Christmas episode of Heartbeat, called 'Charity Begins at Home.'
In February 1998, his film Bernie took the Grand Prize at the 9th Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival which was attended by Dupontel.
Her debut was at the age of 16 in the 7 January 1977 edition of The Sun.
Though a few of his lines are in Japanese, most are in Mandarin.
Ryo Ueno is a Japanese actor from Tochigi Prefecture under Tanabe Agency.
He primarily acts in dramas, of which a handful are tokusatsu series.
Kanna Mori is a Japanese actress and fashion model from Toyama Prefecture.
The Competition Grand Prix was awarded to Japanese director Katsuhide Motoki for his film Battle League Horumo.
She is known for her leading role in the classic film Spring in a Small Town, and has continued to work in the 21st Century.
She was married to actor Robert Ginty, whom she met during filming of The Paper Chase.
In 2016, he appeared in "Shut Up and Dance", an episode of the anthology series Black Mirror.
The studio produced posters, gift-wrap paper and leaflets, and undertook window dressing and interior design for Japanese restaurants.
Lee Shing-cheong is a Hong Kong TVB actor.
The album contained ten brand new tracks and an additional 7 live tracks.
He has appeared in more than 60 films and television shows since 1968.
He acted in and composed the music for the film Comme il vient.
Billy Chow, is a Canadian-Hong Kong film actor, kickboxer, martial artist, and entrepreneur and is also a keen Boxing and Muay thai practitioner.
He has been starring in more than 50 comedies and movies and has been well-received as best supporting actor, best actor, best performer in many awards.
She is a former member of the South Korean girl group Dal Shabet.
Barbara Couper was a British film and television actress.
Her character comedy is so acutely observed and so sharp that it’s in danger of causing permanent injury".
In addition, Chiang Shu-na has maintained an active acting career not just in Taiwan but also in Hong Kong and mainland China.
He was best remembered as the kindly Dr. Sutton in The Four Feathers.
Tanaka died on April 21, 2011 at the age of 55.
Pamelyn is a Singaporean actress raised in New York City.
She is the daughter of Izzy Young, the folk music expert.
Nathalie-Kathleen Mary Lunghi-Joffé is an English actress.
He was also the stunt co-ordinator for Robin of Sherwood, devising three swordfighting sequences, which subsequently became standard movements on television and film.
Born and raised in Hsinchu, Taiwan, she rose to fame in the early 2000s as a member of Taiwanese girl-group S.H.E.
Charlene Choi is a Canadian-Hong Kong actress and singer.
Wei attended the highly prestige private Soochow University and speaks Mandarin, Taiwanese and English.
Ben Batt is an English actor, best known for his role as the villainous Joe Pritchard in Channel 4's comedy drama Shameless.
Born and raised in Taiwan, Tsai began her singing career by winning the champion at an MTV singing competition at the age of 18.
This EP features five songs of single-word titles elucidating the different stages of a romantic relationship, infatuation, separation, reunion, and finally enlightenment.
He continued in film and television until the 1970s.
He then worked again with Ruiz on Love Torn in a Dream, Savage Souls, A Place Among the Living, That Day and Night Across the Street.
He died as a result of cancer on 23 April 2011, aged 88 years.
Bramwell Fletcher was an English stage, film and television actor.
Ellen Pollock was a British character actress, mainly appeared on stage in London's West End.
She also worked for, amongst others, Paul Vecchiali, Marguerite Duras and Lucas Belvaux, and is the subject of the documentary Françoise Lebrun, les voies singulières.
He came third in the 2008 series of Celebrity Master Chef.
Tomoko Nakajima is a Japanese actress best known for playing Hotaru Kuroita in the long-running television drama Kita no Kuni kara.
He is referred to as "Taiwanese Rain" by the Taiwanese media due to his resemblance to the Korean star Rain.
Her beauty and charm led her to become one of the top actresses in Hong Kong at the time.
She has appeared in over 50 films and television series in a wide variety of dramatic, comedic, starring and supporting roles.
But the calendar is still available online.
(As a comparison, William Shakespeare paid £60 for New Place, the largest house in Stratford-upon-Avon, in 1597.)
Goh Seok Sim, known as Debbie Goh is a Malaysia film and television actor.
Often homeschooled in the winter on her family's sailboat in The Bahamas.
He got his first role in the 1923 silent film Studenterna på Tröstehult.
He has an elder brother, Ittoku Kishibe, who is also an actor, and a leader and bassist in The Tigers.
Both yearbooks ceased paper publication in 2000.
He is the son of Stellan Skarsgård and My Sonja Marie Agnes, a physician.
Okada served in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II and was a miner and traveling salesman before becoming an actor.
Zhang Yang is a Chinese film director, screenwriter, and occasional actor.
He played Gratiana in Shirley's The Wedding in 1626, and Bess Bridges in both parts of Heywood's The Fair Maid of the West in 1630–31.
Shiga Lin is a Hong Kong singer and actress.
At the beginning of her career was popular on the London stage.
Keith Jayne is a British actor, known for playing the title role in the 1981 television adaptation Stig of the Dump.
She won the award for Best Actress at the 4th Hong Kong Film Awards for Homecoming.
Yuen was a contestant in the Miss Hong Kong 2009 where she won the Miss Photogenic Award.
In 1995 he directed two plays for the inaugural season of the Atlantic Theatre Festival in Wolfville, Nova Scotia.
Ng made her directorial debut with the revenge-thriller Angel Whispers, which she co-directed, produced and scripted with film executive Shirley Yung.
In 2005, her film b420 was awarded the Grand Prix Award: The 19th Fukuoka Asian Film Festival.
Dan Peder Clemens Ekborg is a Swedish stage and film actor.
A lifestyle show in which Jonathan hosted alongside Xandria Ooi & Wan Sariah Jaafar.
Ryan is known for keeping his life private and is not on Twitter.
Jo Warne is an English actress, who played Peggy Mitchell in the BBC soap opera EastEnders, making her first appearance on 30 April 1991.
Yuriko Ishida, Ishida Yuriko, born October 3, 1969) is a Japanese actress and essayist from Nagoya.
Suzy appeared as Daisy alongside Noel Fielding and Julian Barrett in the BAFTA nominated short film Sweet by James A. Pilkington.
He is best known for his appearance as The Postman in the 1937 Will Hay comedy film Oh, Mr Porter!.
Chris Wang Yu-sheng is a Taiwanese actor, model, singer and writer.
He won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 1967.
He appeared in more than 110 films between 1928 and 1984.
Foster's first husband was Lionel Morton, once the lead singer with the 1960s pop band The Four Pennies.
In June 2016, Bai gave birth to a baby boy.
Wall also appeared as Karen in musical Viva Forever!.
She was married to actor Hugo Rönnblad.
Shirley Jaffe is a British actress who returned to acting in 2002 after teaching drama for 20 years, and performing in murder mysteries and poetry recitals.
He also had bit roles in the Shirley Temple vehicles Curly Top and Wee Willie Winkie.
She has also had parts in Prime Suspect: The Final Act, EastEnders, The Bill and Holby City.
Takahiro Yoshimizu is a Japanese voice actor and narrator who is affiliated with Aoni Production.
She made about £30,000 from those sales.
She later married him in 1977 after his previous wife divorced him and then died.
According to his official web site, he is 178 cm tall, and weighs 108 kg.
Fung Wang-yuen, better known by his stage name Wu Ma, was a Hong Kong actor, director, producer and writer born in Tianjin, Republic of China.
It is the fifteenth entry of the Super Sentai television series, following the previous series Chikyu Sentai Fiveman.
He has also played parts in Agatha Christies' Poirot and played Alec in A Place in my Heart, directed by Dermot Tynan.
Richard has been voice of HP for TV and cinema since 2015, and his work is featured on the award winning “Jane” commercial.
Ackland assembles a sizeable group of people whose hopes are hanging on Clive's play being a hit.
Jin Au-Yeung, known professionally as MC Jin, is an American rapper, songwriter, and actor of Hakka descent.
In May 1996 she married Paul Laing.
Jean-Pierre Kalfon is a French film and television actor.
Åke Fridolf Söderblom was a Swedish actor, screenwriter and songwriter.
In 2004, she was TVB's on-site reporter at the Olympic Games in Athens.
Joan Maude was an English actress, active from the 1920s to the 1950s.
He was the sidekick of host Chelsea Handler on the talk show Chelsea Lately during its run from 2007 to 2014.
Raymonde Allain was a French model and actress.
He is a 1985 César Award recipient for Most Promising Actor for his performance in the 1984 comedy film Souvenirs, Souvenirs.
Yohanna Idha Hedlund, is a Swedish actress.
He was born in South Paris, France, and moved to Greece when he was a child.
Then came Catesby in Olivier's film of Richard III, and Paris in Romeo and Juliet.
In the United States, he appeared in three episodes of Family Guy between 2006 and 2009.
Mike Packer is an English Dramatist, actor and poet.
Working in repertory theatre, his theatrical career was interrupted by World War II during which he served in Burma.
Edison Koon-hei Chen is a Hong Kong film actor, musician, producer, entrepreneur, and fashion designer.
Atsuo Nakamura is a Japanese actor and politician.
Lam's acting career took off after joining the major television network TVB in 1991.
He has appeared in more than fifty films since 1979.
Born Henri Gaston Étiévan-Estival in Paris, he died in 1953 in the 11th arrondissement of Paris.
He played the part from 2001 until 2006, starring in 116 episodes.
Kōji Takahashi, is a Japanese actor, who attended Niigata Prefectural Tōkamachi High School and later Toyo University.
Joan Rice was a British film actress.
Evelyn Tan is a former Singaporean actress.
She appeared in 71 films between 1913 and 1933.
After World War II, she moved to the United States, taking up residence on Long Island.
Arthur Cullin was a British actor of the silent era who was born in Kensington, London.
He also played the Klingon General Korrd in Star Trek V: The Final Frontier.
He found success in 1947 when he appeared in a stage production of Edward, My Son.
However, she has been most active in theatre throughout her career.
Betty Faire was a British actress of the silent era.
He played Callum McCulloch in EastEnders, as well as appearing in the short film Undercover Heart.
Mutsumi Fukuma is an actress and singer.
Sōjin Kamiyama or just Sōjin was a Japanese film actor.
He trained as a boxer, but a car crash left him unable to fight any more.
She is the mother of actress Regina Lund.
The next year she released her debut album Who Touched My Violin String.
Ba, along with her mother, filmed the progression of the disease in the documentary The Wolf Inside.
She is daughter to Lasse Berghagen and Lill-Babs and half-sister to the TV host Kristin Kaspersen.
In the play Tjena Gary she acted against Ingvar Hirdwall.
Deirdre Bair's biography of Simone de Beauvoir examines this relationship.
Anderson joined the Group Theatre, and performed in cabaret and in the initial productions of plays by W. H. Auden, Christopher Isherwood and Louis MacNeice.
She studied at Södra Latin in Stockholm and Actors Studio in New York.
Amguulan, commonly known as Amulong or Amu, is a Chinese singer and songwriter of Mongolian descent.
In 2005, Li and Mandy Chiang began their music careers as a duet couple.
She was known as the "Banana Boat Girl" after she recorded a bi-lingual cover of the "Banana Boat Song"
Jan Lamb Hoi-fong is a Hong Kong DJ, singer and actor.
In 1994 the singer Morrissey referenced Doonan in the song 'Now My Heart Is Full'.
Shen He changed his name to "Xiaoshenyang" to show his sincerity for his wife—the name was based on his wife's name, "Shen Chunyang".
He is best known for starring as Curtis Donovan in the E4 series Misfits and as Ian in the Channel 4 series Utopia.
She is a contracted artist to the talent agency Cathay Media.
She has now become a Principal of her local Stage-Coach performing arts school.
Jeanne de Casalis died on 19 August 1966, aged 69.
André Nox was a French film actor.
Hayford Hobbs was a leading British film actor of the silent era and later became a film director.
She received the 2002 Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.
She played the title role in Jean Renoir's 1934 film version of Madame Bovary.
Jean Marchat was a French film actor who appeared in around fifty films during his career.
Tavia Yeung Yi is a Hong Kong actress under Hong Kong's Television Broadcast Limited or TVB.
Her music career first began in 2002 when she was partnered with Yumiko Cheng and Maggie Lau to form the female group 3T.
Her stage debut was as the lead in the Rodgers and Hammerstein version of Cinderella, at the Bristol Old Vic.
Bakurova was a professional rhythmic gymnast from ages 3–15 and won numerous national competitions.
Tony Scoggo is a British actor best known for his role in the television soap opera Brookside.
Yang was born in Shanghai, China, to a Chinese father and Jenny Liu, a half American-half Chinese.
In the early part of her career she was at Pistolteatern.
Green won Best Newcomer at the British soap Awards for her role.
Her credits include A Big Mess, One Day at a Time, Dark Rendezvous and The Warlord.
Mullisheg in Heywood's The Fair Maid of the West.
Tolstoy is best known for his role as Philip Gripenhielm in the TV series Nya tider.
Prior to his passing he was set to play Buckingham in a production of Richard III at the Royal Dramatic Theatre.
Cockram was a student at Ysgol Gyfun Rhydfelen, a Welsh language secondary school near Pontypridd.
Andrew McCulloch, often credited as Andy McCulloch, is a Scottish television writer and actor.
The last years there he headed the school; his students included Greta Garbo.
She graduated from Kyoritsu Women's University in 2008.
Yuan Shuai is a Chinese actor and host currently based in Singapore.
Judy Kelly was an Australian-born British actress.
She was also awarded best actress at the 1954 Mainichi Film Concours for her work on A Japanese Tragedy.
He began his music career in 1960s when Hong Kong English pop was at its peak in terms of popularity in Hong Kong.
John Moulder-Brown is a British actor, is perhaps best remembered for his roles in the films Deep End(1970), First Love, Ludwig(1972) and La residencia.
He won the Best Supporting Actor award at the Yokohama Film Festival for his role in Shinde mo ii.
Daisy has also modeled for large brands such as ANTA Sports.
She is best known for her role as PC Donna Harris in the long running ITV drama The Bill and Dawn Prescott in Coronation Street.
Felix Lok Ying-kwan is a Hong Kong actor.
Cavin Soh is a Singaporean actor, host, and singer.
This film follows his training as he learns to fly a De Havilland Tiger Moth.
His death after a long illness was announced on 18 June 2014.
He attended USC School of Cinematic Arts.
Her father was a Polish Air Force ace from Squadron 303 during the Battle of Britain.
In 1971 she landed the lead role in a Yorkshire Television Production Follyfoot, which ran for three series until 1973.
From 2005 to 2007, Pickett had the recurring role of Chez Williams in the ITV1 police drama The Bill.
Titanic' - Crow's Nest Lookout: Frederick Fleet
She has appeared as a guest or regular in numerous television specials and series, and in four films.
He is best known for his performances in the films The Stunt Man and his portrayal of Charles Manson in the television miniseries Helter Skelter.
He won a scholarship to train at RADA while still working at the colliery.
Mori appeared in many of Akira Kurosawa's films such as Rashomon and The Idiot.
She played an important role in the entertainment industry for preserving the Huangmei opera art form.
That gave his career the boost it needed, leading to his role of Private Bone in The Army Game.
Jacques Thébault was a French actor and voice actor.
Harriet Eivor Emilie Landström was a Swedish actress.
He is remembered for his role as Dr. John Seward in the Broadway and film versions of Dracula.
He had a minor role in the pilot episode of Randall and Hopkirk in the episode, My Late Lamented Friend and Partner.
As a performer, Cox was said to have been "irresistible" in his role of Young Simpleton.
Mona Elisabet Seilitz née Alexandersson was a Swedish film and television actress and entertainer.
After a 7 year hiatus, she returned to Singapore to film Left Behind, a MediaCorp series slated to be released in August 2016.
François Huỳnh previously won the title of Mr. Hong Kong in 2006, and is currently an actor with Hong Kong's TVB.
Antoine Mandelot, better known as Bobèche, was a French theatre clown, similar to a Merry Andrew, under the First Empire and the Restoration.
Alan Ko, also known as Alan Kuo, is a Taiwanese singer and actor.
Shane Pow is a Singaporean actor managed by BEAM Artistes.
She wrote and co-starred in The Merger where the film garnered 27 awards in numerous film festivals.
In November 2013, Cheng signed with TVB Music Limited's subsidiary Voice Entertainment, and released his first album, "Story of a Panda" on September 15, 2014.
He appeared in 50 films between 1943 and 1978.
Her former stage name was Hana Kajiura.
Marmaduke Arundel Wetherell was a British–South African actor, screenwriter and film director.
Clara's journey was voted the year's best performance by theater people and won a prestigious award in autumn 2010.
Robert Dawes was an English actor of the Jacobean era.
She was a famous movie star and singer.
The two have subsequently had a second child.
Yukio Hashi is a Japanese Enka singer and an actor.
Astrid Chan is a Hong Kong actress and host.
Ebba was voted off Let's Dance on 9 March 2007.
Wong appeared in more than 139 films in his career.
She was also a noted radio actor, voicing the character of Mrs Mountford in the popular Mrs Dale's Diary after the Second World War.
He started his modelling career in Japan, but has expanded his range to China and South Korea.
Takayuki Yamada is a Japanese actor and singer.
Hubert Gregg was a BBC broadcaster, writer and stage actor.
She also had supporting roles in Pippi Longstocking and Pippi Goes on Board.
Ragnerstam took part in plays in primary school primary education and secondary school.
His film credits span three decades, from 1960 to 1990.
In his acting hiatus, Chan was involved in the garment industry.
Her birth name was Dorothy Margaret Watts.
However, their artist management contract with Channel [V] Taiwan ended at the end of 2009.
In 2008, she played the role of Lisa Houseman in the stage version of Dirty Dancing.
He appeared in 50 films between 1951 and 1973.
Before working in television, she worked for eighteen months as a lap dancer under the name Shelley at For Your Eyes Only in north west London.
He has also appeared in a few of Takeshi's recent films which include Zatoichi as Boss Ogi and Asakusa Kid.
Since 2002, she has appeared in a number of films and television series.
He also went on to do more projects for the NYMT, Aurelius & Creation.
In 2011, the American network The CW cast Aldridge as the lead in the pilot Heavenly.
She speaks fluent Mandarin, Cantonese and English.
After filming two series in the wilds of South Africa, she was then picked for the role of Poppy in Sky One's series Mile High.
Yumi Tamai, is a Japanese actress and singer from Tokyo.
Hana Sugisaki is a Japanese actress who was previously signed to Stardust Promotion.
Hanamura is known for her role as Yuka Nakagawa in Battle Royale.
Michelle Chen Yanxi is a Taiwanese actress and singer.
She had a leading role in the 2015 comedy film En underbar jävla jul.
She finished as a top 10 semifinalist.
Adele Wong is a Singaporean actress, singer, writer, and screenwriter.
Leung Wing-ngan, better known by her stage name Celine Ma Tai-lo, is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
Dora Söderberg was a Swedish stage actress.
A selection of Cox's drolls, including Simpleton, Oenone, and Acteon and Diana, was published by the bookseller Edward Archer in 1656.
She was the daughter of Henry Wilson, a retired army surgeon major, and Louisa Ducrow.
Bergström was born in Ås, Krokom, Jämtland County and attended the Royal Dramatic Theatre School from 1917 to 1919.
One of his last film roles was General James Scarlett in the historical drama The Charge of the Light Brigade.
Adamsdale was educated at Eton College and the Oxford School of Drama.
Not to be confused with the Kohei Murakami who played Yamada Hanatarou in the Rock Musical Bleach series.
She was formerly the leader of the pop group Cookies.
He was born in Uppsala, Sweden and died in Lidingö, Sweden.
He also has a role as SpaMurasaki on Nippon Television's parodic Bihada Sentai Sparanger which looks at various onsen throughout Japan.
He later reprised his role for the two-part series finale of Kamen Rider Wizard.
Gong Qiuxia, also romanized as Kung Chiu-hsia, was born in 1916 under the name in Chongming County, Jiangsu province, China.
A frequent television guest star, Suga acted in jidaigeki and contemporary shows.
He appeared in more than one hundred films from 1963 to 2008.
Keith went on to play 'Boxer Reed' in all 54 episodes of Central TV's kid’s drama, Murphy's Mob.
Ting married actor and singer Jordan Chan on 14 February 2010.
Nina Fry is an English actress who played Robyn Stone in Grange Hill from 1991 to 1996.
After leaving LSMT, Andreas went on to play The Big Bopper in The Buddy Holly Story.
Jeffrey Lau Chun-Wai is a Hong Kong film director, screenwriter, actor and producer.
With John Chapman, he wrote French Fields for Thames Television.
She is also known as a translator of Italo Svevo.
She is best known for playing Gwen West in the BBC comedy-drama Gavin & Stacey.
In 1967 she played the White Witch in The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, a TV series adaptation of the 1950 children's novel.
Maurin was married twice and was the mother of actors Jean-Pierre Maurin, Yves-Marie Maurin, Patrick Dewaere, Dominique Collignon-Maurin, Jean-François Vlérick, and Marie-Véronique Maurin.
In 2017, Ben shared his memories of his time on The Bill and his career in general in the second episode of The Bill Podcast
Faulks was educated at Bretton Hall School of Dance & Drama where he earned a degree in theatre acting.
He won Best Actor at the 2017 Madrid Film Festival.
Grace Chang, aka Gě Lán, is a Chinese actress and singer.
Matthew J. Munn is an American voice actor and animator for various studios.
Joanna Monro is a British actress and former television presenter who, in the 1980s, appeared on the BBC show That's Life!
Chise Nakamura is a Japanese actress and gravure idol from Fukuoka, Fukuoka.
He appeared in 50 films between 1936 and 1995.
Two of his most famous roles are that of pilot Roy Focker in the Swedish dub of the classic anime film Macross: Do You Remember Love?
Mayu Gamō is a Japanese actress born in Saitama Prefecture, Japan.
The earliest theatrical reference to Knepp is from 1664, as being intended by Thomas Killigrew to play the part of Lusetta in his play Thomaso.
In Sweden she starred in many movies during the 1950s.
Rosanne Wong is the member of a Hong Kong cantopop music group 2R alongside younger sister Race Wong.
In 1664, she became the first woman to perform the title role in Jonson's Epicoene.
She has an MSc in Mathematics; a subject which she often combines into the collective nature of Complicite's work, and is currently based in Brighton.
Of the Japanese dramas shown in Los Angeles, a substantial fraction of them has Mari in the cast.
Frederick Lloyd was a British film actor.
Selby was also a long-standing member of the Royal Shakespeare Company.
Anthony Perry, known professionally as Wong Chau-sang or Anthony Wong, is a Hong Kong actor.
Halina Tam Siu-Wan, also known as May is a model, singer and actress.
His great-uncle was the actor Arthur Williams.
José Sazatornil Buendía was a Spanish actor who appeared in numerous films since making his debut in 1946.
Eliza has also stated publicly that she is a Christian.
His voice is best known from SR's program Clownen luktar bensin, where he also was active as screenwriter.
She is currently under contract with TVB in Hong Kong.
She appeared in 50 films between 1931 and 1988.
He appeared in more than sixty short and feature films during the silent era including Lady Jennifer.
In her autobiography Joan's Book Littlewood later recalled that Foster had a wealthy father who financed some of the troupe's productions.
Her husband was the director Umetsugu Inoue.
Her acting career began in early 2001, when she was cast for the lead role in the movie Platonic Sex among 12,083 applicants.
This work was further extended with the establishment of the Willow Globe theatre on land at their home near Llanwrthwl, Powys in Wales.
Other roles included parts in The Bill, Baywatch and the 1993 film Dirty Weekend.
He portrayed Reggie "Sardines" Taunton in episode 17; "The Case of the Laughing Mummy".
Kwok used to be a singer before becoming an actor.
Matt Littler is a British actor and director born in Bury, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom.
She appeared in 76 films between 1913 and 1956.
Yoyo Chen is a Hong Kong actress.
Wang was a delegate in the National People's Congress from 1988 to 1997, and she is a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
She was born in Higashimurayama, Tokyo, and debuted as a member of the J-Pop duo Wink.
Elisabet "Lisa" Lindgren is a Swedish actress.
Yuen Biao is a Hong Kong actor and martial artist.
One of her last screen appearances was as Ali G's Nan in the 2002 film Ali G Indahouse.
In 2010 he arranged the Poetry slam SM at Reginateatern.
She co-starred in his film Desert Moon with Hiroshi Mikami, which screened in competition at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
Herman Kwan Hoi-San was a Hong Kong actor.
Ishimaru is the narrator in the anime series Toriko.
He also enjoyed a brief film career, with leading roles in films such as Eugene Aram and Mysteries of London.
Hideya Tawada is a Japanese actor and model who is represented by the agency Top Coat.
He has released numerous albums throughout his career and mainly has R&B influenced songs.
He played Sid who was a Careworker at the Dumping Ground
He was married to Caroline John, who portrayed the Third Doctor's companion Liz Shaw, from 1970 until her death on 5 June 2012.
He has also appeared in Starting Out, Thank You Mrs Clinkscales, When Saturday Comes, Coronation Street, Keep On Running and Juliet Bravo.
He is also known as one of the Hosting Kings of MediaCorp and frequently co-hosts with Kym Ng.
She has also featured in British television series such as The Bill, Doc Martin, Doctor Who, The Office, Casualty, The Lakes and Rose and Maloney.
He then married his first wife and moved to Ireland, working as a potter and an aerial photographer.
For a brief period, he performed under the names Tomohito Sato and Jin Sato.
Known as one of the New Four Dan Actresses, Liu is one of the highest paid TV actress in mainland China.
He was married to actress Constance Ericsson-Behrens.
Since retiring from show business, she has become a writer and a psychologist, known for her work against child abuse.
Anders Ingvar Kjell Kjellson was a Swedish stage and film actor.
The Inuit languages are part of the Eskimo-Aleut family.
She has appeared in 40 films and television shows since 1958.
He died aged 64 following a fall when he was appearing in Richard II at the Barbican Theatre, London.
In an annual poll conducted by Reader's Digest in 2015, Chang was voted the most trusted Taiwanese variety show host.
He was best known as a designer and builder with the Muppets, in particular those on Sesame Street.
His first major role has been as Gou Fukami/GekiViolet in Juken Sentai Gekiranger.
He learned this trade while filming Grange Hill, and opened his business around 1999.
He has appeared in Doctors, Holby City, Judge John Deed, and The Bill.
In 2008, Aldridge made his television debut in Channel 4's four-part miniseries The Devil's Whore, playing Harry Fanshawe, husband of the title character.
Childs is most famous for being able to turn the slightest movements into an intricate choreographic masterpiece.
Jun Masuo is a Japanese actor best known for his role as Jadeite in Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon.
Francis Pierre Horton Perrin is a French actor, screenwriter and film director.
He appeared in 99 films between 1919 and 1964.
Hiroyuki Onoue, is a Japanese actor from Osaka Prefecture.
In 1781 he returned to Dublin and retired in 1784.
He is a member of the Boy band Super Junior's sub-unit Super Junior-M and S.M.
Tollie Zellman appeared on scene first 1907.
Afterwards he has appeared in The Conqueror's Story.
In the early 1960s, he appeared in several B-film thrillers and crime films and starred in The Man in the Back Seat, and Strongroom.
Before turning to acting he was a trainee priest, a scrap metal worker, a weighbridge operator and a carpenter.
Prior to that he appeared on the Birmingham theatre scene as Gavroche in a production of Les Misérables.
Besides doing many theater works he also acted in more than fifteen films between 1920 and 1944 amongs them Ombytta roller and Flickan från Paradiset.
He is best known for his portrayal of Prince Rilian in the 1990 BBC adaptation of The Silver Chair.
She also acted in the Le moine, a 2011 French-language film directed by Dominik Moll, an adaptation of Matthew Lewis's novel The Monk.
Jackie Lane also acted under the name Jackie Lenya.
He was married twice, to Alice E. Hirst and to Odette Myrtil.
Liu is best known for starring in many Hong Kong martial arts films, especially in the 1970s and 1980s.
Takahiro Tamura was a Japanese film actor.
His film appearances included The Dam Busters, as Guy Gibson's rear gunner Flt.
He was born in the Philippines, but grew up in Hong Kong.
Basil was also accompanied at different times by Mr Billy, Mr Howard, Mr Rodney, Mr Derek and Crackerjack presenter, Stu Francis
Other Theatre includes acting In the original production of The Weir in which she played Valerie at the Royal Court.
Joan Chen is a Chinese American actress, film director, screenwriter, and film producer.
Alex Fong is a Hong Kong actor, singer and swimmer.
Kong Ngai 江毅 was a Hong Kong actor with TVB and ATV.
Simon de La Brosse was a French actor.
Jeffrey Harold Perry was a British stage and screen actor.
Her film appearances have included the 1986 production of Ōoku and Yoshiwara Enjō.
Covering topics ranging from Style, Health, Home Deco and Jonathan hosted the cooking segments.
He is the current Secretary for Development of the Hong Kong SAR government.
Chris Jury's other acting roles include Kingpin/Deadbeat in the 1988 Doctor Who story The Greatest Show in the Galaxy.
Leaving England for Australia in 1877 she soon became a great favourite in the colonies.
He was taken on by the Comédie-Française in 1972, for whom his roles included Les Fourberies de Scapin by Molière.
She was the daughter of a London coal merchant and the younger sister of the actress May Fortescue.
Miho Nikaidō is a Japanese dancer and actress.
She is best known as Natsumi Hikari, the female lead in the Kamen Rider Decade television series and films.
Ayumi Beppu is a Japanese actress and tarento from Sakai, Osaka Prefecture.
He has acted in many Chinese-language television dramas produced by MediaCorp Channel 8.
She won the German Film Award for Supporting Actress in Alle Jahre wieder.
During his time on that series, Scully suffered a nervous breakdown.
He is best known in the West for portraying the role of Captain Mura in the 1966-1967 television series, Ultraman.
Marchand traveled around the world as a dancer and danced with many of the greatest ballet dancers of the 1940s and 1950s.
She was sometimes cast as a love interest for the comedian Leslie Fuller, and also appeared alongside the musical stars Gene Gerrard and Stanley Lupino.
Most recently, Butterwick has been presenting a show on Nottingham's student radio station, URN, co-hosted by long-time friend, Frankie Gill.
In 2015, he collaborated with Samsonite, the world’s leading luggage brand to creating exclusive luggage collection entitled “Cherish”.
Her most memorable scene is an uncredited appearance in the 1971 James Bond movie, Diamonds Are Forever.
In 1937, she toured the UK and made her Broadway debut, playing the lead in the West End hit George and Martha.
Sigrid Holmquist was also known as Sie Holmquist or Bie Holmquist.
He also appeared in the film The Battle of Britain as a pilot, All Creatures Great and Small, and Jinnah.
Anna Åström is a Swedish actress born in Gråbo outside of Lerum.
One of his sons is Swedish actor Ola Isedal.
Urquhart also starred as Wing Commander MacPhearson in the 1970s series Pathfinders.
Born in London, she was known in the 1950s for appearing in a number of B-films.
He is affectionately known as "Beardy" due to his trademark facial hair.
His father, whom he was named after, was a coal merchant and Audrey, his mother, was also a successful small businesswoman.
In 2006, he was enlisted for his mandatory military service.
Swire has since retired from acting and is now the director of a cleaning company based in Blackpool.
She won her first Best Actress award at the Star Awards for her performance in the latter drama.
He is known for his portrayal of Masato Kusaka/Kamen Rider Kaixa in Kamen Rider 555 and as Yuji Nakajo/Hikomaro/Giza/Hikaru in Cutie Honey: The Live.
In 1979 she was awarded the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her performance in Death of a Salesman.
She has performed in several films, television series and in the theatre.
Barry K. Barnes was a British film actor.
He also played in the series of Rh Plus as Kiyoi who is a vampire.
She has appeared in many movies, and is especially known for her role as Veronika in The Mother and the Whore.
Mlle de Fleury, born in Meudon, died young.
She initially attended the University of British Columbia, but transferred to Simon Fraser University completing her BA major in Psychology.
He played the upper crust English character Mr Cholmondley-Warner in spoof 1940s government documentaries in Harry Enfield's Television Programme with excessive Received Pronunciation.
It was officially disbanded in December, 2008.
After her character in the TVB series To Grow With Love was well-received, she has gained attention in Hong Kong with many commercial ads.
She appeared as "Mother" in the independent cult horror film Mother's Day under the name Rose Ross.
She later settled in Canada and worked on French language productions there.
He also appeared in Noël Coward's Blithe Spirit, and Private Lives, and in George Bernard Shaw's Man and Superman.
A well-known friend of Stephen Chow, he began acting in his films with the 1994 Hail the Judge.
Ruby Wong Cheuk-ling is a Hong Kong actress and former model.
He is best known for his role of Vince Arya in Monday Monday.
Julia Lockwood is a retired British actress.
Karin Foley is a British television actress.
Her parents emigrated to England to escape the Nazis.
where she met her now husband Graham Tudor.
Susan Pevensie is a fictional character in C. S. Lewis's The Chronicles of Narnia series.
She graduated in Directing at the Central Academy of Drama in Beijing.
She is best known in the West for her role as the femme fatale in Branded to Kill.
His theatre experience includes the role of Michael Banks in the West End production of Mary Poppins for which he also sang in the cast recording.
By the 1940s, she became one of the Seven great singing stars.
She has starred in several Japanese movies that are today considered classics.
Walter Tennyson was a British actor and film director of the silent era.
In Disney's live-action films, The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe and Prince Caspian, Susan is portrayed by actress Anna Popplewell.
In August 1994, he teamed up with Yoshiyuki Ishizuka to form the comedy duo "Ari to kirigirisu" or "Ant to the Grasshopper" .
He attended Richard Challoner School and The Hollyfield School.
He played the role of Akira Nijino in the 2014 Super Sentai TV series Ressha Sentai ToQger.
Sally Knyvette is a British actress, director and drama teacher.
Susan Brown is an English actress of stage and screen.
In 1959, he was a member of the jury at the Venice Film Festival.
He made his recording debut in 1990 with the release of Listen to the Edge.
In 1977, she directed and starred in the film The Far Road, which was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival.
One such streetfighter was featured in the 1995 movie Mad dogs and Englishmen and ridden by C. Thomas Howell's despatch rider character.
In 2011, he appeared in "The National Anthem", an episode of the anthology series Black Mirror.
Lumsden died in London in 1984 aged 69.
In 1976, Kulle married the actress Anne Nord.
She has been married twice, to Leif Malm from 1964 to 1975 and to Bengt Meder from 1989 to 1990.
George Fant was a Swedish actor, director and theater manager.
The natural son of Nakamura Utaemon I would become Utaemon III  in the lineage of the actor formerly known as Utaemon II.
She suffered a cerebral haemorrhage and collapsed on the set of EastEnders on 28 October 2010 and died two days later, at the age of 77.
She appeared in 20 films between 1956 and 1986.
Jan-Olof Strandberg is a Swedish stage and film actor.
Masaki Suda is said to have a close friendship with Kento Yamazaki and Fumi Nikaido.
She was nominated for the award for Best Actress at the 27th Guldbagge Awards for her role in Agnes Cecilia – en sällsam historia.
Harry Fielder is an English actor and supporting artist who has worked extensively in British films and television since the 1960s.
He eventually became master of the Shigayama School of Dancing, introducing male roles in the shosagoto dances.
Umewaka Minoru I, also Umewaka Rokurō LII, was a Noh actor of late Edo and early Meiji period Japan.
She also appeared in the programs Brookside, Casualty, The Bill, Doctors, Holby City, Sapphire and Steel and Fell Tiger.
Darius' piano suite La Muse Menagère is dedicated to her, and depicts their daily life together.
She was educated at the The King's High School for Girls, Warwick.
File of Justice was a major success and spawned five seasons, turning Au-yeung into a major breakout star.
Boddey started acting well into middle age often portraying irritable authority figures such as police officers or magistrates.
Provenance made its international debut at the London East End Film festival on 16 June 2017.
At the end of his life he was probably best known for the BBC Radio 2 "oldies" shows A Square Deal and Thanks for the Memory.
She is also a race car driver.
Manu Payet is a French comedian, actor, filmmaker and radio host.
Lone has played roles as diverse as a caveman in Iceman, Puyi in The Last Emperor, and an apparently female opera performer in M. Butterfly.
In 2013, Vincent and Davidson wrote When the Dog Dies for Radio 4.
Mario Montez, was "a staple in the New York underground scene of the 1960s and ’70s."
She recently signed with TVB and became a contracted artist.
On television she has appeared in Happy Families and Anna Lee; the latter was her most recent screen appearance.
Yōko voiced Maddie Hayes, the Cybill Shepherd role, in the dubbed version of Moonlighting.
She has also done work with the Drama Department at St Bede's Senior School in Hailsham.
He had a short spell as straight man to puppets Pinky and Perky.
She appeared in a number of films for British International Pictures during the 1930s.
Lacey also made appearances in Dr Finlays Casebook, Z-Cars and her last credited appearance was in Magnum, P.I.
Cat Simmons is an English actress, best known for her role as DC Kezia Walker in the long-running ITV drama The Bill.
Show Luo encouraged people to put coins into the donation box instead of their wallets.
Taylor's first London appearance was in 1830 as Nina, in William Dimond's Carnival of Naples.
In 1997, his popularity was restricted to mainly Malaysia and Singapore, until Richie Jen sung his song which became widely popular.
He is the son of the German actor Klaus Kinski and his third wife, Minhoi Geneviève Loanic.
Seasons in rep followed at Guildford, Derby, Nottingham, Birmingham, Oxford and Newcastle as well as television, radio and some film work in Hollywood.
Yumi Adachi is a Japanese actress and singer.
Fee is an American actress who has starred in films and on television.
Her first single, "Sand Painting," a duet sung with Jay Chou and composed by Yen herself, became an instant success.
In 2016 he was presented with a Scroll of Honour from the Variety Artists Club of New Zealand for his services to the entertainment industry.
Downton Abbey as Sir Mark Stiles - final episode.
Earlier in her career she appeared in Stephen Fry's film Bright Young Things.
He was accepted at Dramatens elevskola in 1946.
Ali Lee Kai-sum is a Hong Kong actress and television presenter.
She speaks three languages, Cantonese, Mandarin, and English but understands French.
He headed the Théâtre Montansier in his birthplace from 1992 to 2000.
She has gone on to star in the cult film House of America, and appeared in comedy film Guest House Paradiso and television series Casualty.
Raymond Hermantier was a French actor, born in Lyon, France as Raymond Maroutian.
Series 3 finished filming in 2008 and last aired in 2010.
He also appeared in several Frank Randle films.
She won the award for Best Actress at the 19th Guldbagge Awards for her role in Second Dance.
Brook Richard Williams was a Welsh stage actor who also made numerous film and television appearances in small roles.
Born in London, she lived there for most of her life.
The Myth of the American Sleepover is a 2010 American coming-of-age film written and directed by David Robert Mitchell and distributed by IFC Films.
He also played Graham in the 1980 film McVicar, starring Roger Daltrey.
Lily Leung is an actress in Hong Kong.
He appeared in 28 films between 1942 and 1963.
Queenie Thomas was a British actress, born in Cardiff, Wales, on 18 June 1898 and died on 11 October 1977.
She was born Katherine Johnson in Newcastle upon Tyne, Northumberland, England and died in Sherborne, Sturminster, Dorset England in 1947.
Hans Kristoffer Mosesson, is a Swedish actor and musician.
He appeared in over fifty films between 1917 and 1942.
Connie Chan Po-chu was born in 1946 to impoverished parents, one of at least nine siblings, in Guangdong, China.
He is most famous for his role as PC Tony "Yorkie" Smith in the ITV police procedural television series The Bill.
The decision gave him two fast songs: "最後的擁抱", which is a Japanese rock cover of Mr.Mrs, and "Imaginary Love" written by "Fiona Fung".
He appeared in 75 films between 1931 and 1963.
Since leaving EastEnders McDermott has appeared in the children's situation comedy Dizzy Heights, which was set in a "wacky hotel".
He appeared in more than thirty films from 1955 to 1982.
She is the daughter of rock musician Johnny Hallyday and actress Nathalie Baye.
He was born Toraichi Meguro in Nagaoka, Niigata.
he voices the recurring character Ev Jumelle, the father of twins Nev and Dev.
Ghatak's character appeared between March and September 2016.
His best-known roles on that programme are as a newscaster and a variety show host on the European television parody sketch 'Chanel 9'.
He made his first appearance in the 2005 Doctor Who episodes "The Empty Child" and "The Doctor Dances" as Jamie.
Michèle Girardon, sometimes credited as Michele Girardon, was a French actress.
She is a graduate of Jumonji Junior College.
His special abilities are Iaijutsu and Systema.
He was educated at Oundle and Caius College, Cambridge, where he joined Footlights.
In her mid-twenties, Veronica played a few minor parts in films and television programmes.
He usually played suspicious-looking characters, often Germanic in origin."
The podcast began airing on 2006-01-07 with a guest appearance by the former Yokohama Bay Stars pitcher Takashi Saitō.
he also directed Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Evergreen Mak Cheung-ching, better known as Makbau, is a Hong Kong TVB actor.
Jeremy Brett, from Sherlock Holmes for Granada
During his career, which began in 1938 and ended with his death in 1948, he appeared in more than 80 films.
Alec Worcester was a British stage and silent film actor.
He was one of the central members of the Gekidan Mingei theatre company.
She played the part of Number 6's observer in the Patrick McGoohan's surreal, spy series The Prisoner.
Stephanie Ho is a Hong Kong singer and actress.
From May to October 2013, he played the title role in the RSC production of Titus Andronicus.
She retired from films in 1992 to devote herself to her family.
He appeared with Leslie Sarony in Clonk!, a short comedy film made in the Phonofilm sound-on-film process.
She was born in Taipei, Taiwan, with ancestry in Dachuan, Sichuan, China.
In December 2010, she appeared in the British BBC soap opera EastEnders as Gloria MacDonald, a role which she reprised in February 2016.
Elizabeth Chambers is a British actress best known for her portrayal of Domenica Van Meyer in the 1980s drama series Tenko.
Michael Lionel Standing is a British actor, appearing mostly in the 1960s and early 1970s.
She studyed at the Royal Dramatic Theatre from 1933 to 1936.
Paul Valentine was an American film and television actor.
He was given the Best Supporting Actor award at the 2004 Yokohama Film Festival.
In the West End, she has performed in After the Ball is Over at the Old Vic.
She was born in Årsta, Stockholm, Sweden.
He was an important figure in introducing rock and roll music in France.
He identifies with the ethnic group Pied-Noir, descending from Spain.
Katrine Boorman is an English actress who has appeared on film, in television, and on the London stage.
Harry Locke was an English character actor.
Lin won Best Actress at the 43rd and 47th Golden Bell Awards for her roles in They Kiss Again and In Time with You respectively.
Her other cinematic appearances include White Bird, Friend or Foe, and Terminal Game.
Dame Florence Lilian Braithwaite DBE, known as Lilian Braithwaite, was an English actress, primarily of the stage.
At the age of 12, he performed at the Edinburgh festival starring in the title role of Bugsy Malone for the NYMT.
Rosalind Halstead is an English actress, model, and dancer.
Mantle has worked extensively on the stage in such productions as My Fair Lady, Keep It in the Family, The Seagull and Hamlet.
As of 2015, she is listed by Forbes as the 61st most influential celebrity in mainland China.
He worked on around twenty screenplays including the 1953 crime film The Limping Man.
He has been nominated many times at the Hong Kong Film Awards and other Chinese film awards since then.
Matthew Crompton is a British actor, most famous for his role as Sam Harker in ITV's The Bill.
Hou is also known for portraying the "disfigured swordsman" and doubling complicated action scenes in 1993's Iron Monkey.
She was also featured in the West End production of Blues in the Night.
His most recent role was in the long-running soap opera EastEnders, playing Dr. Vikram Suresh, who was helping treat baby Oliver Carter after his accident.
He had notable roles in a number of plays including Hedda Gabler, The Wild Duck, The Beggars' Opera and Twelfth Night.
Bandō Tamasaburō is a stage name taken on by a series of Kabuki actors of the Bandō family.
He played Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man in the 2008 film Ip Man, which was a box office success.
She also appeared in notable films such as Ladybird Ladybird, Jude, and most recently, Hot Fuzz.
She also later appeared in a film outlining the risks attached to nuclear power; Chernobyl: The Final Warning.
John Nicholas Robins Ryder was an English actor.
Liu Sue-Hua, also known as Leanne Liu, is a Golden Bell Award-winning Hong Kong actress born in Beijing.
She attended John Dewey High School where she won first place at the International Science and Engineering Fair in the Botany sector.
Alice Patten is an English actress, and the daughter of Chris Patten, a prominent British Conservative politician and the last Governor of Hong Kong.
Alexandre Arquillière was a French stage and film actor.
On his return to France he set up home in Nantes, where he made his debut, then in Rouen, Bordeaux and Amsterdam.
Miyu-chan event organized by her friends and colleagues had its proceeds go towards CAEBV research and related medical causes.
In China, he is the director of TV commercial advertisements for InterContinental Hotel.
William Allen was a prominent English actor in the Caroline era.
The actress gained most of her fame on the Broadway and London stages.
Catherine remains active in hosting television programs for The Learning Channel, Nickelodeon, and national telethons including the Variety Club Telethon.
During the late 1950s he appeared as Ginger Smart in the television series Shadow Squad and its sequel Skyport.
She wrote on dance at various times for The Daily Telegraph, the New Statesman and Nation and Ballet.
Kwan started off as a Cantonese opera actor in street theatre before joining New Voice Opera Troupe.
In 1996 he founded Rivendell Healthcare, a drug and alcohol addiction treatment centre.
Urquhart made his stage debut in 1947, while his first film role was in You're Only Young Twice.
Shingo Yamashiro was a Japanese television and film actor.
Helen Rowland is an American child actress in silent films in the 1920s.
Jarl Lage Kulle was a Swedish film and stage actor and director, and father of Maria Kulle.
Brown's true name is Edna Brown Muss.
Richard's voice over career started in 1996 when working at London's ITN owned radio station News Direct.
Erika Okuda is a Japanese actress,who has had the following roles
His first major role was as Tsubasa Yamagatana/Dan the Knight of the White Night in Garo Special: Byakuya no Maju.
She has also done a great deal of radio work for BBC Radio 3, BBC Radio 4 and BBC World Service.
Elaiza Ikeda is a Filipino-Japanese fashion model and actress.
Her birth name in kanji is 大塚 千弘, but she transformed her given name into hiragana characters.
In April 2006, Walter appeared in an episode of the ITV soap opera Emmerdale as bit-part character Billy Trotter.
However, in 2003 he had a small role in the Clas Lindberg directed comedy film Don't Cry Wolf.
Enis Bešlagić is a Bosnian film and television actor and TV personality.
He appeared in more than sixty films from 1936 to 1990.
She appeared in thirteen films between 1957 and 1974.
She currently works as a secretary in Stockholm, occasionally taking small stage roles.
Sukie Smith is a British actress and musician.
Yuka Hirata is a Japanese actress, voice actress, tarento, and gravure idol from Hokkaido.
She lived and worked mainly in Germany, where she married the actor Viktor de Kowa.
He made his stage debut in New York City in 1930, and later became known as a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company.
He is also the producer for most of his own albums.
In 1974, Keith appeared as Wilfred Schoenfeld in an episode of Upstairs, Downstairs, entitled "The Beastly Hun".
She writes for online magazine Standard Issue.
In the 2005–06 pantomime season she appeared as Princess Apricot Crumble in Jack & the Beanstalk at Theatre Royal, Plymouth.
Their son is the writer, actor and comedian Chris Langham.
He formed the dance troupe the Wally brothers along with Niels Bagge-Wessel.
Matsuri Mizuguchi is a Japanese voice actress who started her career in 2007.
Jenny Tschernichin-Larsson was a Swedish silent film actress.
Kwok's onstage dancing and displays is influenced by Michael Jackson.
He has starred in many of the Swedish Jönssonligan films.
He has guest starred in Casualty as Dean Forrest and as Gordon in an episode of Doctors, broadcast 14 November 2008.
In 2016 he starred as Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire by Tennessee Williams at the Royal Exchange, Manchester.
Additionally, Hosokawa served as a professor at Osaka University of Arts beginning in 2004.
Miki Sakai, born 21 February 1978 in Aoi-ku, Shizuoka, Japan is an actress and J-pop idol singer.
She played the Greek character Polydora in the film Troy.
Mollison appeared in the role of "Annie" in the 1992 BBC adaptation of Joseph Conrad's novel, "The Secret Agent".
Cornelius is married to Steve Brown, the British composer and record producer, who has recently co written, I Can’t Sing!
Toby is brother to British writer and broadcaster Miranda Sawyer.
Ulla Mariana Akselson, also known as Ulla Axelsson, was a Swedish actress.
He also starred in Titanic, a mini series released in the honour of the 100th anniversary of the original incident, playing Jack Thayer.
She was nominated for the Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress and the Huabiao Award for Outstanding Actress for Ren Changxia.
Lo ran the production company "Lo Wei Motion Picture Company".
Kei Suma was a Japanese film and television actor, whose career spanned 25 years.
She reprised her role in Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger vs. Abaranger for a brief appearance.
It is widely famous in Canton and the brand of 'AH CHARN RICE' has established itself well within a short period of time.
Marian Dawson was a British stage actress.
On 19 February 2016, she gave birth to a boy.
Sønck was born in Hjerm, near Struer as Grethe Ingeborg Nielsen Hald, but changed her surname to Sønck in 1968.
Karena Lam is a Taiwanese-Canadian, actress and singer based in Hong Kong.
After presenting on Channel V for nearly two years on a range of shows.
While her sister graduated from TVB Acting Class, she joined Miss Hong Kong 2001 and received the Creative Cooperation Award with her group.
Noted for his leg holding and hopping skills, Tan was nicknamed "Flash Legs".
May Chan Ka-kai is a Hong Kong television actress currently under Television Broadcasts Limited management.
Woolf was often cast as exotic types, sometimes from southern Europe.
Its first project is called Don't Get Mad.
Alec B. Francis was an English actor, largely of the silent era.
She is lesser known than her acting peers in Hong Kong despite her efforts.
He began his career in 2004 by playing minor uncredited roles in films, before his first lead role in Thenmerku Paruvakaatru, under Seenu Ramasamy's direction.
She starred in the film Leva på 'Hoppet', which won the Silver Bear award at the 1st Berlin International Film Festival.
The dates and lengths of her three marriages are also unknown.
Tainsy began her career with theater plays and her first film debut was in 1945, followed by over 80 different cinema and TV works as co-star.
Ian Saynor is a British film and television actor.
He was a founding member of the Cartel des Quatre, a group including Louis Jouvet, Charles Dullin, and Gaston Baty, dedicated to rejuvenating the French theatre.
He was born in Nagoya and both of his parents died when he was a teenager.
She was married to the entertainer and film star Stanley Lupino, with whom she had a daughter Ida Lupino who became a Hollywood star.
Michel Drach was a French film director, writer, producer and actor.
Guyot has recently started to appear in theater productions.
She discovered a number of talents who became big names, including Richard Burton, later one of Rye's lodgers.
Jo Kuk Cho-lam, sometimes credited as Jo Koo and Jolane Koo, is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
Lo is said to have been linked with Chinese organized crime, the Triads.
Besson's firm EuropaCorp was initially cleared of all charges in 2007.
Katase portrayed Kiyomi Takada in Death Note: The Last Name.
He became famous in films first for comedy roles, appearing in series such as the "Company President" and "Station Front" series, produced by Toho.
Diana Pang is a retired Chinese dancer and actress in Hong Kong and Mainland China.
In 2009, he launched the streetwear boutique N.P.C which he collaborated with Chinese host Nic Li, in Shanghai.
In 2008, Chak graduated from N-atv's Artiste Training Class.
In 2007 she was at the side of Walter Sittler and Inger Nilsson in the Second German Television miniseries Der Kommissar und das Meer.
He was also seen in the United States on The Beverly Hillbillies.
She also played Estella in the 1981 BBC adaptation of Great Expectations, and Sally Harte in the 1986 miniseries Hold the Dream.
Koreya Senda was a Japanese stage director, translator, and actor.
He is best remembered for co-writing the song "That's All", part of the Great American Songbook.
He graduated in 1980 with a bachelor of Fine Arts degree in theatre from the University of Southern California.
Late in life, in 2005, she appeared in the film Monsieur Étienne, and in 2008 recorded a final album, La sérénade du muguet.
He is most famous for co-starring in Louis Malle's semi-autobiographical 1987 motion picture Au revoir, les enfants.
In comparison with his stand-up comedy and TV dramas, his movies are not as successful.
Lawrence emerged as a prominent stage actor of the London theatre.
After the show, she started appearing on other TV shows including several TV movies and series.
Dennis Law Sau-yiu is a Hong Kong film producer, screenwriter, actor, director and presenter.
In 1986, he was given the Best Actor prize at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony for his performance in Toei's Gray Sunset.
Élise Tielrooy is a French actress of film, stage and television.
Eliot wrote to Virginia Wolfe that Lotinga was, "the greatest living British histrionic artist, in the purest tradition of British obscenity."
Simone Griffeth, sometimes credited under her married name Simone Griffeth-McDonald is an American actress.
Before relocating to Los Angeles, Kapoor worked for ten years as an actor in England.
Her last appearance was in L'Humeur vagabonde, directed by Édouard Luntz.
He played hero Mr. Darcy in Helen Jerome's Broadway-hit adaptation of Pride and Prejudice at the Music Box Theatre in 1935.
She later appeared in the Doctor Who serial The Greatest Show in the Galaxy.
Coleman played General Webb in the BBC's eight episode series, "The Last of the Mohicans" in 1971.
Warne appeared in the very last episode of the 1970s police series, The Sweeney, as Gloria Bartley, Jack Regan's ex-girlfriend.
In July 2016, Fong became an exhibitor with the Art of the Olympians.
Nowadays he has revamped his acting style as a comedy actor and is involved in directing action choreography for some productions.
Yuki Matsuzaki is a Japanese actor who has appeared in movies and on television.
Alex Sabga is an English actor from Greater London.
She is best known for her television work, perhaps most for playing Scarlett in the television series Skins.
She had classical Russian ballet training which carried over into her skating, and she was considered far superior to others skating at that time.
She plays Miko Otomo in the 2015 TV adaptation of Heroes Reborn.
This series became a surprise hit in Australia in 1965 and was the first Japanese TV series shown in that country.
which all aimed to share positive messages with the audience.
Peter Goodwright is an English comedy impressionist.
Janice Man, also known as JM, is a Hong Kong actress and fashion model.
Wee Meng Chee; is a Malaysian Chinese hip hop recording artist, record producer, filmmaker and actor.
Two seasons were later dubbed into Mandarin and aired on Channel 8 in 2012, becoming Channel 5's first ever sitcom to be dubbed into Mandarin.
He also appeared as teacher Mr Knowles in Grange Hill.
The following year, she co-presented the BBC children's series Move It with ex-Brookside actor Simon O'Brien, who himself would appear in Grange Hill from 2003.
He is best remembered for starring as Julien in the film Au revoir, les enfants.
Cassidy first came to fame as the host of Australian television show Kids Company, on Channel 10.
Forbes reported that she is one of the highest-paid Chinese celebrities, with the estimated net worth of NT$2 billion in 2014.
In any case, he was born in Stanmore, Middlesex and made his stage debut in 1928 and initially used the stage name Richard Riddle/Riddell.
She portrayed a ghost called Megumi Tanaka.
He was married to the actress Avril Wheatley.
In 2006, she won the MTV Asia Award for Favorite Artist from Mainland China, for her album Double.
Edmond Got entered the Conservatoire in 1841, winning the second prize for comedy that year and the first in 1842.
Jimmy Lin Chih-ying is a Taiwanese singer, actor, and race car driver.
Petra Cecilia Alexandra Hultgren is a Swedish actress.
He has written and will star in the upcoming independent thriller Axis.
In 1937, he founded the Bungakuza company along with Haruko Sugimura, Seiji Miyaguchi, and Masayuki Mori.
She was cremated at Mortlake Crematorium and her ashes were scattered off the Swedish coast.
She attended Archbishop MacDonald High School and University of Alberta, graduating with an honors degree in psychology.
Zhou Dongyu is a Chinese actress, who gained recognition after appearing in Zhang Yimou's film Under the Hawthorn Tree.
Fong has also represented Hong Kong at the Sydney Olympics in 2000.
Fuccello died from an AIDS-related illness in 1993, aged 56.
Chu was known for his achievements in the Hong Kong advertising industry.
Mai Hashimoto is a Japanese actress and voice actress.
She played Syd Chambers in 2009 in the BBC One soap EastEnders.
However, his fellow Kamen Rider Blade series actors, Ryoji Morimoto and Takahiro Hojo confirmed that Tsubaki's condition is now in good condition.
In 2016 he was Major Bouvier and Norman Vincent Peale in the smash hit Grey Gardens.
Nora Miao, is a Hong Kong actress who appeared in many kung-fu films in the 1970s.
Kentarō Kobayashi is a Japanese comedian, actor, dramaturge, theatre director, and manga artist.
After making her screen debut in the 1935 comedy The Ghost Goes West, Mason appeared regularly in supporting roles for the next decade.
He played the main character in the Swedish zombie TV series The Last Reality Show.
Siu started his career as an idol singer and was formerly managed by Music Nation Group.
Ken Uehara was a Japanese film actor.
In her latest effort, Forget portrays one of the leading characters in the movie "Frontier(s)", directed by Xavier Gens.
She has also taught at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, Bristol University Drama Dept.
Nyman died on 4 February 2011, aged 66, after a long battle with several illnesses including cancer, COPD and Guillain–Barré syndrome.
Nelson Keys was a British stage and film actor, a star in musical comedy and stage revue, including the 1924 Ziegfeld Follies.
He directed the comedy pilot Pet Shop Girls in late 2011, which he co-wrote and co-produced with actor-writers Luke Norris, Ed Hancock and Kirsty Woodward.
In 1999, she won the Miss Chinese International competition.
Born Genevieve Clothilde Nannery, she was a native of New Brunswick, Canada.
He speaks fluent Mandarin, English and Taiwanese.
Kyōko Hasegawa is a Japanese model and actress.
Hisaya Morishige was a Japanese actor and comedian.
Born in Eskilstuna, Södermanlands län, Sweden, she starred in Ingmar Bergman's 1946 It Rains on Our Love.
She is a personality in Chinese-speaking communities.
Georg Adolf Wilhelm Årlin was a Swedish film actor who appeared in 50 films between 1940 and 1988.
She was born in Hampstead, London in 1913 and made her debut in the 1931 film Men Like These.
Harry Stott, from Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire, is a British stage and television actor.
He had a brief, but notable appearance in The Mummy as the assistant gone mad.
His arguments include being forced to do things outside of his contract and being refused sick leave, which led to kidney illness.
She attended Decorah High School, Luther College and Northwestern University before becoming an actress in 1952.
Nicholas Schubring Saputra is an Indonesian actor, model and television personality.
Appearances during this time included the role of Rupert Dreisler in Paul Temple and the Spencer Affair.
Philip Merivale was an English film and stage actor and screenwriter.
He has also featured in episodes of Casualty, Luther, Midsomer Murders, Father Brown, The Honourable Woman, and Humans.
She is best known as one of the cabaret trio, the Dim Sum Dollies.
Lam died in 1997 of liver cancer.
Since then, Lui has acted in several films and other television series also produced by TVB.
He is often credited as Arthur M. Cullin.
Sanyutei Enraku died of lung cancer on October 29, 2009, at the age of 76.
During her part in First Strike, Jackie Chan joked how horrible her Cantonese was and subsequently her voice was dubbed over with another voice.
One of her well-known songs is "Their Wine".
Dong Jie is a Chinese actress and dancer.
Clare Thomas is a British actress who has appeared in several British films and television series.
Dalle grew up in Täby outside Stockholm.
He had a problem reading kanji and insists that his roles have long, complicated, difficult-to-remember names.
Tao Hong, also known as Helen Tao, is a Chinese actress and singer.
In the latter she appears as school headmaster Amanda Paver, and is involved in the film's action-packed climax.
She won the award for Best Actress at the 19th Guldbagge Awards for her role in Mamma.
As a child, he performed sketches with Guérin, in his father's workshop.
actress Vicki Michelle, and as Jane Pettibone in the cult British horror film Psychomania.
Grace has publicly declared that she is a devoted Christian.
McCall played Mrs. Lipschitz on Silk Stalkings.
He hosted the 2005 "Sommarlovsmorgon" Sommarlov 05 together with Björn Johansson Boklund and Ayla Kabaca.
He was a star of the hit BBC radio show Happidrome and starred in the 1943 film version.
Gertrude Maesmore Morris, often known as Mrs Maesmore Morris, was an English actress born in London who rose to fame in Australia.
He has also appeared in various television programmes, including The Brief, Togerher, Minder, Campion, Up Pompeii!, Enemy at the Door, Specials, The Professionals, C.A.T.S.
One of his other regular roles was as the caretaker Mr. Griffiths in the long-running children's TV series Grange Hill.
Irma Christenson was a Swedish actress notable for her many roles on the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm, and many films as well.
Anne Heung Hoi-lam is a Hong Kong-born Canadian actress and model, formerly under contract to the television station TVB.
She also became the seventh contestant from Hong Kong to win the Miss Chinese International First Runner-up title.
She was born in Stockholm and died there in 2000, aged 75, following a thrombosis.
Sumiko Sakamoto was born on November 26, 1936 in Osaka, Japan.
Bak Sheut-sin, also known as Bai Xuexian, is a famous former Chinese opera actress in China and Hong Kong.
He also played many film and television roles, as well as directed in the theatre.
Born in Shanghai, she moved to Hong Kong at age 18.
He is the half-brother of actresses Pola Kinski and Nastassja Kinski.
In 2001 he appeared as Ebeneezer Scrooge in a production of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol at the UCL Bloomsbury Theatre, London.
She can speak Cantonese, Japanese, English, Mandarin, Hokkien and Indonesian.
Her first break in the movies was Värmlänningarna in 1932.
Joseph Kpobie is a British actor, who plays Juley Smith in the popular BBC soap opera EastEnders.
Takeshi Kaneshiro is a Taiwanese-Japanese actor and singer.
He was the son of film producer Gerald Flint-Shipman and was educated at Eton College.
Her directorial debut So Young was both a huge box office and critical success.
Despite the controversy surrounding Negarakuku, Wee released his first, self-titled album, 明志 Namewee, in Malaysia on 3 September 2007.
Gareth currently lives in Brecon, Powys, Wales, running a pub called "The Gremlin".
Possibly his most memorable role was as a Japanese journalist in Boat People, directed by Ann Hui.
She appeared in more than 40 films and television shows between 1960 and 2000.
He is mainly known from the children's programs Ville, Valle och Viktor, Vintergatan, Björnes magasin and Kapten Zoom.
He played Lewis Royle, son of Anthony, in the one-off special episode of The Royle Family entitled "The Queen of Sheba" which aired in October 2006.
She is known for songs which deal with social issues and the struggle for democracy in Hong Kong.
In May 2009, she played Anne in BBC One miniseries Moving On.
Newsweek Magazine named her one of the world's top six fashion models in 1977.
Chen has great success in the Asia entertainment industry with nearly 20 million record sales of 38 albums.
Her stage experience includes work at Chester, Colchester, Hull and in various London venues.
Cartwright plays Parris McCoy alongside Kevin Costner and Bill Paxton.
Radio includes over 350 broadcasts, including the lead in All That Jazz.
Since then, Jeannie has been in many Hong Kong ads and commercials, usually working with skin care, makeup and fashion brands.
Irene Sunters died in September 2005 after some years of poor health and inactivity.
He is noted for his role as Xi Cheng in the Tiny Times franchise.
He appeared on series 8-11 of the Basil Brush Show from 1973 until 1976.
She was a member of the Riksdag between 2006 and 2010.
Zelah Clarke is a British actress who has mainly appeared in television productions.
He often worked with fellow comedian Ludde Gentzel.
Yōichirō Morikawa is a Japanese Independent film director, screenwriter, actor and calligrapher.
David Keir was a British film actor.
Since 2001, she has played Kirsty Miller in the BBC Radio 4 soap opera The Archers.
He received the Prix Jean Gabin in 1982 for his role in Une étrange affaire.
Masayuki Mori was a Japanese actor, the son of Takeo Arishima, a Japanese novelist active during the late Meiji and Taishō periods.
Yūzō Kayama is a Japanese popular musician, singer-songwriter and actor.
In the early 1990s, Chik left TVB to work as a producer for ATV.
In 2003, she starred in Cell Phone, which became the highest-grossing Chinese film of the year, and received critical acclaim at the Hundred Flowers Award.
His father was a civil servant and he attended Dulwich College.
On television he played the joint-lead role of Plantagenet Palliser in the 26-part BBC series The Pallisers.
Mimura also Mimula; 15 June 1984) is a Japanese actress.
Although unconfirmed, Babette claimed that she was a distant relative of Brigitte Bardot and had once modeled for Pablo Picasso while in her late teens.
He is best known for roles in films such as Resident Evil: Extinction, The Pink Panther and Unfaithful.
It was a popular drama about the Shinsengumi, a Japanese special police force from the Bakumatsu period.
She has contributed to more than twenty films and television series since 1977.
Born John Stanley Watts in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada, of English parents, who moved back across the Atlantic three years later.
He also appeared in German and British films, and those of his native Sweden.
His first film part was in the 1945 film Flickorna i Småland.
She was since 1940 married to actor Sture Lagerwall.
This is the version currently available on DVD.
Brandon Wong is a Malaysian born Singaporean actor.
He recently played the role of Colonel Mace in the Doctor Who episodes The Sontaran Stratagem and The Poison Sky.
Yngve Gamlin was a Swedish actor and film director.
Axel Düberg was a Swedish film actor.
He appeared in the British comedy-drama My Mad Fat Diary on E4 as part of the main cast for all three seasons
Zhang Yaodong is a Malaysian actor based in Singapore.
She is best known for her role as Zixia Fairy in A Chinese Odyssey.
His wife Elizabeth was buried on 28 September 1616 and his own burial followed on 12 March 1619.
Starting with ballet in 1919, she made her first work on the stage at the Royal Opera in Stockholm.
Babette Bardot is the stage name of a Swedish actress who appeared in Russ Meyer's films, including Common Law Cabin and Mondo Topless.
She appeared on E4's Tattoo Fixers in 2015 to cover up a bad tattoo.
In present time teacher in Eastbourne College.
Lila Leslie was a Scottish actress of the silent era.
Edwin Siu is a Hong Kong actor and singer.
Chik joined TVB in 1976 as a production assistant.
Anna Kristina Cecilia Blomberg is a Swedish actress.
Thor Modéen was a Swedish actor and comedian.
Teresa Cheung Siu-wai is a Los Angeles-based actress and producer.
In 1986 he appeared as the title character in Channel Four's adaptation of Zastrozzi and in a minor role in The Singing Detective.
Her last film was John Woo's Once a Thief, which was also a classic.
She has also been appreciated for her own performances Ulla Skoog m mus and Ulla Skoog & Trond Lindheim trallar vidare.
His final appearance is with a bullet hole in his head.
Frankham provided the voice of Sergeant Tibbs the cat in Walt Disney's One Hundred and One Dalmatians.
He was a regular on the Radio 4 satirical programme Week Ending during the 1980s.
In 2009, recording was completed for a series called Laurence & Gus: Hearts & Minds.
Kan'ami Kiyotsugu; 1333 – June 8, 1384, was a Japanese Noh actor, author, and musician during the Muromachi period.
She is the mother of singer Michel Sardou; and grandmother of Romain Sardou, an author and of Davy Sardou an actor.
Vin Choi Kay-Chun is a Hong Kong actor under TVB.
She received the 1992 Best New Performer Award at the 11th Hong Kong Film Awards for her role in the 1991 film Black Cat.
Corinna Kathy Chamberlain is a Hong Kong singer and actress.
Harriette Deborah Lacy was an English actress.
Other TV credits include: Secret Army, The Sandbaggers, The Gentle Touch, The Professionals, C.A.T.S.
Both have yet to remarry and they have no children from the marriage.
Chan has a plus-size physique and is often cast in comedic roles as a gluttonous girl or the girl trying to get a guy.
He is of Hakka and Amis descent.
Song Qian, better known as Victoria Song or Victoria, is a Chinese singer, dancer, actress and model based in South Korea and China.
Frances White continues to act and do voice overs.
She won the award for best supporting actress at the 23rd Japan Academy Prize for Kikujiro.
She has continued to act while raising their three sons.
Jack Marks was an English performer and screenwriter.
Most of Lee's works are produced by TVB.
He is best known for having played the role of Nick Neeson in the British soap opera Coronation Street.
In 2007, Hoyle performed in Teatro ZinZanni in both its Seattle, Washington and San Francisco, California venues.
Bertha Belmore was a British stage and film actress.
Ye has worked as a host and MC.
In 2003, he starred with Jamie Theakston in the hit West End play 'Art'.
Barbara Windsor later took on the full-time role of Peggy Mitchell until 2016
Harry Royston was a British stage and film actor.
After leaving Casualty, he worked in Where the Heart Is.
She is considered one of Japan's most beautiful women.
He was a member of Fahrenheit, a Taiwanese Mandopop vocal quartet boy band, from its debut in 2005 to June 2011 singing bass.
Suzukaze has also done some voice work as a voice actress, namely as the voice of Himura Kenshin in Rurouni Kenshin.
He played Matty Nolan in the series from 1982 to 1992.
Julian Hee is a Singaporean Chinese actor and model.
From 1941 to 1947 she worked at the Oscar Theater in Stockholm.
Shelley Sweeney is a Canadian actress, model and narrator based in Tokyo, Japan.
She was born in Shanghai and can speak Mandarin, Shanghainese and English.
Her first film debut was in 1979, in Jackie Söderman's Charlotte Löwensköld.
She was licensed with the Securities and Futures Commission to conduct equities trading.
She was married to the film and television director Jack Gold from 1957 until his death in August 2015.
His first EP Deep was released in 2003 with the hit debut single "先入為主".
She won the Miss Chinese Vancouver Pageant in 2009, and went on to win the 2010 Miss Chinese International Pageant.
He is the son of well-known Hong Kong actress Connie Chan.
Louis Cheung joined TVB as a contracted artist in 2012.
In 2014, Youyi was featured on SK Jewellery's TVC to launch an exclusive collection of 999 Pure Gold and Hetain Jade for Blessings.
She is best known for her role as Ingrid Dorf in the BBC thriller serial Kessler.
Jana Carpenter is an American actress, singer and guitarist based in the UK.
On June 15, 2017, he announced that he would marry Jesseca Liu in 2017.
He also voiced Imp Y Celin and Adult Tomjon in Cosgrove Hall's adaptations of Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels, Soul Music and Wyrd Sisters.
He had been assigned to work with Stephy Tang of former pop-group Cookies/Mini Cookies for the past few years.
Six years later, in 1912, he made his first London stage appearance at the Shaftesbury Theatre.
William Larsson was a Swedish silent film actor.
She also had a starring role in Hay Fever by the Oxford Stage Company.
Stage work includes Angus, Thongs & Even More Snogging and Gutted
Kimberley Rachel Sternberg is an English actress.
She is credited with helping to bring Chinese cinema to Europe and the United States.
She also played Mayumi in the fifth installment of the PlayStation series by Sega, Yakuza.
He appeared in more than seventy films from 1960 to 2004 and performed in several editions of the film series Otoko wa Tsurai yo.
Wilber Pan, also known as Will Pan, is an American-Taiwanese singer, songwriter, rapper, actor and entrepreneur.
She went on to perform additional roles on television.
They married on October 29, 2012, with Aibō co-star Yutaka Mizutani and his wife Ran Ito as witnesses.
Rambod Javan born on 22 December 1971 in Shahrara.
Hung was also known as "Dai Goh", until the filming of Project A, which featured both actors.
The song has also been parodied multiple times on K.O.3an Guo.
Kotaro Koizumi is a Japanese actor and the eldest son of the 87th Japanese Prime Minister, Junichirō Koizumi, and Kayoko Miyamoto.
She has numerous television credits to her name, including Boon, Band of Gold, Hillsborough, and The Chase.
Nils Bengt Folke Ekerot was a Swedish actor and director.
Lon Satton is an actor and composer mostly known in Britain.
He's popularity in dramas also revived his music career, which suffered ever since he left China Power in 1998.
Anders Ek was a Swedish film actor.
Angiolo Maria Gasparo Vestris was a Franco-Italian ballet dancer.
Victoria Carling is an English radio, television, film and theatre actress.
In 1975 she was a member of the jury at the 9th Moscow International Film Festival.
Bowie Tsang is a Taiwanese female Mandopop singer, actress, TV host and author.
Brian Gwaspari is a British actor who made frequent guest star roles throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
She published poems in the modernist magazine The Open Window.
She went to Wheatley Park School near Oxford, and later studied English at the University of Southampton, receiving first-class honours.
She won both of Golden Rooster Award and Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress, for Xu Mao and His Daughters.
Her early stage name was Shōko Kuno; she changed it to Makiko Kuno, and changed the way of writing the name, becoming クノ真季子 in 2005.
His film debut is "Thank you, Sir!
Sita Chan was a Hong Kong Cantopop singer and actress.
He received the "Ten Most Outstanding Young Persons Award" in 2003.
Other Gerry Anderson credits include Joe 90 and The Secret Service.
Reiko Mori, known by her stage name Noriko Sengoku, was a Japanese film and television actress active primarily in the 1950s and 1960s.
She is a former member of South Korean girl group T-ara.
Her last piece of acting was in 1983 in an episode of Number 10, in which she played Lady Jersey.
For this film, he also received the 33rd Golden Harvest Award for Best Actor.
Go Jibiki born May 7, 1976, in Tokyo is a Japanese actor.
He also directed ten films between 1942 and 1950.
Megan Zheng is a Singaporean actress who starred in two Singaporean movies: Homerun and One More Chance.
Miao Tien was a Chinese film actor.
Lloyd McGuire is an English actor who has appeared in film and TV for over 35 years.
In his backstage video, Richardson stated that he and Bowes are looking for a flat together.
His most prominent film role was that of Soviet defector Boris Kusenov in the thriller film Topaz, directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
Jamie Belman is an English actor, best known for his work in television series Emmerdale playing Michael Conway.
Stephen Au Kam-tong is a Hong Kong actor for TVB.
Cadman also appeared as Mandy Rice Davies in Keeler, directed by Paul Nicholas, at Upstairs at the Gatehouse North London until 18 March 2007.
Geffrey "Geff" Francis, best known as Geff Francis, is a British actor who portrayed Lynford, a hoodlum, in the 1988 drama film For Queen and Country.
On June 11, 2004, she graduated from the National Taiwan Normal University with a Bachelor of Education degree, majoring in Civic Education and Leadership.
He appeared in more than sixty films since 1982.
Sudhir Pandey is an Indian film and serial television actor.
Duc was married to René Catroux, with whom she had two daughters.
She first gained recognition playing the role "Mo Siu-man" in TVB's 2013 drama "Inbound Troubles 老表，你好嘢！".
He has guest-starred in two Doctor Who audio plays - Bloodtide and The Time of the Daleks.
He starred opposite Gloria Swanson in the 1929 film Queen Kelly and appeared in 66 films between 1926 and 1942.
He has been nominated for five Japanese Academy Awards, winning the Best Supporting Actor statuette for Gakko in 1993.
He began his career as a stage actor, then became an announcer for NHK, working in Manchukuo.
Lloyd Pearson was a British actor, born Lloyd Mawson Pearson on 13 December 1897 in Cleckheaton, near Bradford.
She later attended acting classes in Paris and briefly at the Actors Studio in New York City.
George Foley was a British actor of the silent era.
Shortly afterwards she also appeared as Bling in the series Blessed written and directed by Ben Elton.
That year he also appeared in the film Nowhere Boy.
His television credits include: Public Eye, Z-Cars, Doomwatch, Spy Trap, Survivors, The Enigma Files, Bergerac, Doctor Who and Boon.
She also appeared in two works by Dennis Potter, a play for ITV, Lay Down Your Arms, and Pennies From Heaven.
Emmett Hughes is an award winning Irish actor, writer and producer.
Michael Thomas is a British theatre actor who has worked on the English stage and screen for the past forty years.
Oxley also had supporting roles in series including Are You Being Served?
At the 25th Moscow International Film Festival she won the award for Best Actress for her role in Owl.
Safety Catch is co-written with John Finnemore.
Her other TV credits include: Z-Cars, The Sweeney, Warship, Survivors, Van der Valk, Within These Walls and Going Straight.
He is probably best known for appearing in V for Vendetta as Guy Fawkes.
He has had roles in such works as The Incite Mill, Suite Dreams, Journey to the West.
The recent hit Much Ado About Nothing with David Tennant and Catherine Tate at Wyndhams Theatre as Balthasar and Sexton
In 1977 she married Prince Paolo Borghese.
Georg Funkquist was a Swedish film actor.
At the 15th Guldbagge Awards he won the award for Best Actor for his role in Kejsaren.
In 2015 and 2016 she playing Lydia Lambert in Husbands and Sons at the National Theatre, starring Annemarie Duff and directed by Marianne Elliot.
His film credits include Backbeat, Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant's directorial debut Cemetery Junction and Wilde.
Mugambwa "Mogge" Sseruwagi is a Kenyan-Swedish actor/musician/presenter.
She always refused to appear in commercials declaring that it was reprehensible to try to persuade people to buy things they didn't need.
He explained this by noting he did not read the script of the work in which he was to act.
Vickery Turner was a British actress, playwright, author and theatre director.
He has appeared in over 70 movies, both as an actor and stunt man.
He appeared in 64 films between 1925 and 1962.
Also in A Song For Edmond Shakespeare and The Pattern of Painful Adventures, both fictional treatments of the life of William Shakespeare.
Jalabala Vaidya is one of India's leading stage actresses.
during the programme's final year on air.
Shin is a Taiwanese musician, actor and singer-songwriter.
Kiely took on the role of Nolan in a small film focussing on football hooligans known as It's a Casual Life, released in 2003.
She also played Sandy Rexton in See No Evil.
Yudai Chiba is a Japanese actor who played as Alata in Tensou Sentai Goseiger and its movies.
In 2011, Dream Girls released their debut EP "Dream Girls".
She has been married twice, including to the actor Jeremy Child by whom she has a daughter.
In 2001 he died of a stroke, aged 68.
Yoko Aki is a Japanese songwriter, actress, novelist and essayist.
Reiko Oshida is a Japanese actress and singer.
Blanche Gardin is a French actress, comedian and writer.
She appeared in more than 60 films between 1912 and 1968.
During the 1960s he often played the role of Colonel Pickering in stage productions of My Fair Lady.
Perhaps her best-known role was playing Susan Bard in Basic Instinct 2.
Grange Hill is a British television children's drama series originally made by the BBC.
In 2003, she married the Japanese pro wrestler known as Super Delfin.
Derek was also the coach guide in the Beatles film "The magical Mystery Tour"
There were a total of 33 issues published, plus one Special Album Edition, before the series was cancelled.
Mi Ridell was born on 3 June 1968 in Karlskrona, Sweden is a Swedish actor and singer.
The car was owned and driven in the show by the character Kookie who was played by Edd Byrnes.
He later became a film actor and director.
She acted for ATV,as well as TVB, then She is a veteran actress, having acted for many years.
Born Philippe Wolter to theatre director Claude Volter and his wife, actress Jacqueline Bir, young Philippe began his career in Brussels in 1985.
In addition, he made minor appearances on numerous British television shows including Dixon of Dock Green and Z-Cars.
He began his career in cinema in the 1939 Edvin Adolphson-directed musical film Säg det i toner starring Håkan Westergren and Stina Berg.
Chou also manages his own record and management company JVR Music.
She was born and educated in the West Midlands, England.
Samuel Le Bihan is a French actor, known for his role in Brotherhood of the Wolf.
He played Napoleon III in the 1952 musical film Imperial Violets Amongst his television roles was that of Maigret.
Other work included directing episodes of Upstairs, Downstairs and Armchair Theatre.
Holly Davidson is an English actress, model and personal trainer.
Jack Denton was a British actor and film director of the silent era.
Now retired, Sparv had two children by her second husband, Herbert W. Hoover III, and has been married to her third, Fred Kolber, since June 1994.
Other credits include: A Very Peculiar Practice, Miss Marple, The Upper Hand, Judge John Deed, Holby City and The Bill.
His film roles included Oliver!, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, Battle of Britain, Dad's Army and Omen III: The Final Conflict.
She also made some appearances in film and television.
He is best known for his role as the irreverent and drug-addled musician Super Hans in the British sitcom Peep Show.
He was born in London and died in Hollywood, California.
She also played "Enid Thompson" in the British situation comedy Home to Roost and played "Enid Tompkins" in the US remake of the show You Again?.
He was frequently cast in westerns or as a police officer.
During World War II, Shimada was interned at the Poston War Relocation Center.
He primarily appeared in television films during his career.
She is probably best known for her roles as Juliet Miller in Hotel Babylon and main character Tim Bisley's ex-girlfriend Sarah in Spaced.
His final appearance in 1962 was as Ben Willoughby in "The Case of the Poison Pen-Pal."
He died from lung cancer in St John's Wood.
Davies has lived in the Manchester area all of his life and has appeared in many Manchester-based television programmes.
Victor Huang Wei-de is a Taiwanese actor and singer.
Mosesson has also been in many Swedish films and TV-productions.
Aside from group activities, he also participates in various television variety shows, radio hostings and dramas.
She also appeared as a Mutoid in the sci-fi drama Blake's 7.
He has also been a voice actor, an artist and a sports manager.
She won the Best Actress Award at the 14th Hochi Film Award for Black Rain.
In 1962 she appeared as Anne in the thriller Don't Talk to Strange Men.
In 2012, Yeung won the Best Actress Award at the 32nd Hong Kong Film Awards for Love in the Buff.
Mona Malm is a Swedish film, stage, and television actress.
Gordon Lam Ka-tung is a Hong Kong actor, known for his supporting roles in films directed by Andrew Lau and Johnnie To.
Francine Brody won RADA's Flora Robson Prize.
Leif Gustav Adolf Liljeroth is a Swedish film actor.
She appeared in such TV series as My Celebrity Boyfriend in 2003 and Legend of the Book's Tower in 2005 alongside Nicky Wu.
At Singapore's Star Awards 1995, Fann became the first actress to win both the Best Actress and Best Newcomer awards in the same year.
He first came to prominence in Singaporean television by acting in some English-language and Chinese-language television dramas produced by MediaCorp and SPH MediaWorks in the 1990s.
She is best known for her role in Rapture.
She is a prominent figure in Hong Kong music and popular culture and is frequently referred to in the media as a "grass-roots diva" and "goddess."
Bai graduated from Shih Hsin University and started her career as a model with Catwalk Modeling Agency before becoming an actress.
Tokio Seki is a Japanese actor and voice actor from Tokyo Metropolis.
She appeared as Jade Agent Kinler in the 2007 action/thriller War, and as Pia in the 2007 horror film Storm Warning.
She is originally from Hebei, and had no acting experience prior to taking on the role.
He performed on stage with Marcel Marceau, and in more than sixty films since 1954.
He is also the founder of two fashion brands, XPX and CATXMAN.
Alexia Portal is a French actress best known for her role as Béatrice Romand's son's girlfriend in the 1998 film Autumn Tale.
In 2007, she changed her stage name to Eri Watanabe.
Nicola Cheung Sun Yuet was born on 31 May 1976 in Hong Kong and graduated from Hong Kong University in 1997.
She has appeared in more than 20 films and television shows since 1948.
Some of his television credits include the BBC comedy My Hero and the Channel 4 show Make My Day.
Esther Sandoval was an actress and a pioneer in Puerto Rico's television.
In 2011 she played Albertine Simonet in the television movie À la recherche du temps perdu directed by Nina Companeez.
Gustav Edvin Adolphson was a Swedish film actor and director who appeared in over 500 roles.
Born in Beckenham, to Claud Counsell and Evelyn Fleming, the bulk of Counsell's career was spent in Windsor repertory theatre and the West-end stage.
He published his first book, a collection of short stories, in 2007.
He portrayed the villain Omega in the Fifth Doctor serial Arc of Infinity and later in the Big Finish Productions audio drama Omega.
Yoshi Katō was a Japanese film actor.
Wallace Lupino was a British-born stage and film actor who was part of the Lupino family.
He appeared in more than 35 films and television shows between 1953 and 1990.
He was born on the Isle of Wight on 25 May 1885.
Sykes in Hollyoaks from 2013 until his character was killed by gangster Fraser Black in April 2014.
Guo Degang is a Chinese comedian and xiangsheng actor.
Bunnage was a member of Joan Littlewood's Theatre Workshop company at the Theatre Royal Stratford East.
Maggie Lau is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
He now runs a locksmith-and-key-cutting shop in Wallington, Surrey.
Sharon Au is a former Singaporean actress and host.
Their double act achieved seven Royal Variety Performances, 12 Blackpool summer seasons, a successful radio series and a film of the series.
Carl Ström was a Swedish film actor.
Meg Lemonnier was a British-born French singer and film actress.
She was among the highest paid actresses in 2014 in China.
Louis was born in Oissel and died in Fontenay-aux-Roses.
David Gooderson was a member of the Cambridge Footlights, and featured in the cast of the 1964 Footlights revue, Stuff What Dreams Are Made Of.
Arishima's slight physical build contrasted well with the portly comedian Frankie Sakai, leading to their teaming in several comedies.
He had a reputation for being disciplined, headstrong, restrained, and self-willed.
Anna Lindahl was a Swedish film actress.
In 2015, she won a Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Award for Favorite Chinese Act.
He appeared in Divorced, which was written by Bergman.
Richard Charles Lintern is an English stage, voice and screen actor.
Andy On is a Taiwanese American actor and martial artist.
Richard Ainley was a stage and film actor, son of Henry Ainley and half-brother of Anthony Ainley.
The discord rumours between Chilam and Dayo begin to spread out widely.
Chen Kun, sometimes credited as Aloys Chen, is a Chinese actor and singer.
He is also known for starring in films So Young, My Lucky Star, Personal Tailor and Ex-Files.
Shermon was awarded the "Miss Photogenic" award at the 2005 Miss Hong Kong pageant, launching her career in showbiz.
Her last actual appearance was in 1964 though she has provided vocals for soundtracks.
She was both cousin to and wife of composer Darius Milhaud.
To this day, the most transformative moment of her career was when she was invited over to the home of fellow Juilliard Alumni, VIOLA DAVIS.
She starred in over fifty Nikkatsu Roman Porno films in eight years and once was married to Nikkatsu director Masaru Konuma, even though they later divorced.
He is best known for his roles in Swordsman, Legend of Lu Zhen and The Romance of the Condor Heroes.
She was married to actor Michael Barrington.
He formed a band with Chris, Michael, Max and Tomi during his pub singing days.
She is the wife of the film director Shinji Aoyama.
Li Lingyu is a Chinese singer and actress.
At one point, he played on the Taiwan national soccer team.
René Jeanne was a French actor, writer, and cinema historian.
For her film acting, she has received two Guldbagge awards.
Hiroaki appeared in the NHK jidaigeki On'yado Kawasemi in 1980–81, and in a new series Shin On'yado Kawasemi in 1997.
On the Pig's Back, a comedy heist, has a cast of actors with intellectual disability https://vimeo.com/134955888
Cinders', Jesus in 'Godspell' Joe in 'Leave Him to Heaven'.
Shelley Rees is a Welsh television actress best known for playing the character of Stacey Jones in the Welsh television soap Pobol y Cwm.
He has published several studies and books on drama and dramaturgy.
He is currently playing the role of Raizo Gabi in Shuriken Sentai Ninninger.
In 1782, Utaemon presented the name Utaemon II to a favored apprentice; but the name was later retrieved in 1790.
In 2013 he produced the TV series Destiny by Love.
Wanda Rothgardt was a Swedish stage and film actress.
In 2012, Boxer appeared as Francisco de Aguiar y Seijas in the RSC production of Helen Edmundson's The Heresy of Love.
He has often performed voices for minor and guest roles, as well as supporting character roles.
She lives in London and has two children with her partner Eric Fellner: a son Luc and a daughter Lola Tiger.
She was voted The Sun's Page 3 Girl of the Year in 1982.
Yasuaki Yamaguchi, known by his stage name Ya Chang, is a Japanese actor, comedian, and recording artist currently active in the Philippines.
He has appeared in films including Ident, Danny the Champion of the World, Magicians and A Kind of Hush.
He later appeared as Eugene Jones in the British science fiction television series Torchwood in the episode "Random Shoes", broadcast on 10 December 2006.
In 1984, he was cast alongside Rob Lowe in Oxford Blues as Lowe's Oriel College room-mate and confidant, providing inside information.
He is best known for his firefighter roles in TVB's Burning Flame trilogy.
She has guest-starred in the audio dramas Sapphire and Steel: Cruel Immortality, Circular Time and The Adolescence of Time.
His film appearances included: The Plague of the Zombies, Where Eagles Dare, Anne of the Thousand Days, Villain, The Wild Geese and The Sea Wolves.
At that point it was the biggest selling disc in the Japanese recording industry's history.
He debuted as a singer in the same year, with the album Four Leaf Clover.
She performs on Fairchild Television such as for their All-Star shows and 2008 Miss Chinese Pageant.
Shirley Yeung Sze-ki, is a Hong Kong actress  who used to be under contract to the TVB television channel.
Her career tailed-off with the arrival of sound film and she made her last screen appearance in 1931.
Povel Ramel awarded him the Karamelodiktstipendiet prize for Best Male TV Personality in 1986.
Shen Teng was born in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang, China in 1979.
Georges Deneubourg was a French stage and film actor.
Minoru Tanaka was a Japanese actor born in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan.
In 1977, she was the contestant of the Miss Hong Kong Pageant but did not win the title.
He was known for his "over-the-top appearance" with unusual clothing and hair styles and his coarse humor.
She is best known for playing Yuka Sanada in Genseishin Justirisers.
Christopher Bramwell is a British actor who was active on television from 1977 until 1996.
Teresa Gallagher is an American-born British voice actress, actress, and singer.
Her father was the novelist and essayist Arthur Calder-Marshall.
Ivar Kåge was a Swedish film actor.
His films include Hush Your Mouth, The Holiday, Pride and Prejudice and Erik the Viking and the 1988 TV film The Firm with Gary Oldman.
Other credits include Jed Quinn in EastEnders, for BBC.
Well known as a 1960s song covered by numerous artists, Lini wrote the Japanese lyrics along with translator Tsuyoshi Kawasaki.
She was also known as the mother of Academy Award-nominated actress Anouk Aimée.
She played the part of "Rita" in Educating Rita opposite Gareth Thomas who had been the original Blake in Blake's 7.
Mark Spalding is an English actor from Birmingham.
On stage, she appeared in Blithe Spirit as Madame Arcati, and The Sea at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket.
She has had several other one-off appearances in other British shows, such as Casualty and Holby City.
He appeared in Hissatsu Shigotonin Series 4 as the florist-turned-blacksmith named Masa, and as a repeating character in Series 5, as well as special episodes.
Her television appearances include The House of Eliott, Minder, Softly Softly .
And she starred in a Taiwanese film Leaving Gracefully in 2011.
During the late 1950s she had a recurring role on the television series The Larkins.
His first on-screen appearance was as an extra in the 2003 American film, The Last Samurai.
In 1947, Harcourt appeared in the original West End production of the popular musical Bless the Bride, directed by Wendy Toye.
Fitzpatrick, who divorced her second husband in 2005, remains single.
He regularly starred in other films by Bergman until 1968, when his work for the director became infrequent.
McManus briefly played Aberforth Dumbledore in the fifth Harry Potter film, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix in 2007.
Aloysius Pang Wei Chong, is a Singaporean actor and MediaCorp artiste managed by NoonTalk Media.
Alex J. Sawyer is a British actor, director and singer.
Alan Tam Wing-lun MH is a Hong Kong singer and actor.
Barbara New was an English character actress, well known for playing Mabel the scullery maid in the David Croft sitcom You Rang M'Lord?.
She works in China and occasionally Europe, and has appeared in 10 films and several shorts since starting her career in 1999.
Eri Imai is a Japanese actress and model.
He has appeared in more than sixty films since 1984.
In the same year she played Alice in musical recordings based on Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass.
He was born in Los Angeles, California, United States and died in Los Angeles, California.
The famous song "Yaru yaru nee yaru.." from the movie Rathna Manjari(1962), was picturised on Lakshmi Devi and Narasimharaju.
She later related that, while at Hayes Court, she was directed in a performance of The Merchant of Venice by Alec Guinness.
Paul still creates many podcasts with Vince Tracy Podcasts and is available for voice-overs.
In 1978, Zhu graduated from Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences.Then she passed the examination of Beijing Film Academy.
Before Grange Hill she appeared in a TV movie, State Of The World.
He also played a range of other roles on stage and screen.
From 2016 to 2017 on the cartoon Dot.
He became a child actor in China and achieved great success in films such as the 1994 martial arts comedy Shaolin Popey II: Messy Temple.
His father, Shek Sau, also works for TVB.
Patricia Ann Brake is an English actress.
Together with Louise Raeder she wrote a play called "Matdemonen", about annorexia and bulimia, in 1992.
After the audition of The Red Detachment of Women, she selected as the leading role, which directed by Chinese master Xie Jin.
Colette Régis was a French film actress.
Decorated by General Charles de Gaulle, he resumed his acting career immediately after the end of the war.
She played Dagmar in Auf Wiedersehen, Pet.
He appeared on stage at the Old Red Lion in 2004 as part of the cast of Cherry Picnic.
Jillian Noel "Jill" Hennessy is a Canadian actress and musician.
Karen Mayo-Chandler was a British actress and model.
In 2007 she married former Coronation Street senior storyline writer and current Emmerdale Story Producer Mark Bickerton in Sydney, Australia.
She is primarily known for her role as Linda in a French sitcom Models in Paradise.
Mary Kerridge was an English actress and theatre director, who ran the Theatre Royal, Windsor] and its in-house repertory company from the 1930s to the 1980s.
He is best known for his role in Kamen Rider series Kamen Rider Den-O as the owner of the DenLiner.
Filip Niclas Berg is a Swedish actor probably best known for his role as Sebbe in the movie Hip Hip Hora!.
In June 1984, she appeared in 'Out of Order' at the Finborough Theatre.
In 2015 she appeared in episode 4 of Sky 1's After Hours as Jen.
She was the Japanese voice of the title character San from the 1997 animated film Princess Mononoke.
Dowler has appeared in the Channel 4 adaptation of The Six Wives of Henry VIII as Catherine of Aragon, in a 40 minute episode.
Mihai Samuel Haus is a Swedish actor.
His appearances include Genie in the House, Maurice, People Like Us, Waking the Dead, Maxwell, Midsomer Murders and Foyle's War.
Martin Lev was an English child actor.
He also played many other roles, both on stage and screen.
He died in Edinburgh on 21 March 1995.
Her father, Tommy Leung, is also the deputy-chief director of drama in TVB, which allowed her to enter the acting career.
In 1999, he made thirteen films in that year alone.
She has sometimes been credited as Britta Olin, or Britta Holmberg-Olin.
He returned to Beijing in 1979 and started his acting career.
She was born in London, the daughter of Don Ramon de Silva Ferro, a Chilean consul.
Keith Hodiak is a British actor who was active on British TV between 1978 and 1992.
Jonathan Lee Nam Heng, better known as Li Nanxing, is a Chinese actor and contracted artiste under MediaCorp.
She has had a long stage and television career.
She and her husband, actor Yūjin Nomura, announced the birth of their first child, a son, in October 2009.
Grace clarified that both her biological parents are ethnically Chinese.
Matthew Ashforde is an English actor, known for his appearances in EastEnders, Press Gang and Is It Legal?.
Ulf Olav Johanson was a Swedish actor.
He wrote, starred and produced both films.
Maureen O'Farrell is a British actress, probably best known for her role as Linda Perelli in the 1980s television drama Widows.
In 1986 Jean-Jacques Goldman wrote the song "Laura", which Johnny Hallyday later recorded.
N.P.C also has its stores in Beijing, Hangzhou, Chengdu, and at online shopping website Taobao.
He appeared in sixteen films between 1936 and 1947.
He made his first stage appearance at the age of ten in A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Roberta Cryer in the long-running TV series The Bill and Harry Hill's TV Burp.
Ann later disowned Virgin Witch as she said the producer just wanted nude scenes, according to an article in Sarasota Herald of 12 November 1973.
Ruth Trouncer is a British stage, film and television actress.
He was the father of the actor Robert Coote.
She provides the voices for the characters Eagle and Mosquito in BBC children's programme Tinga Tinga Tales.
Daniel St George Chatto, previously Daniel Chatto St George Sproule, is a British artist and former actor.
She retired in 1958 following her marriage to playwright and actor Gerard McLarnon.
She released her first album on 24 August 2012, titled Home Girl, and became the first female student of Taiwanese Golden Melody Award-winning singer-songwriter David Tao.
In 1983, she performed at the Théâtre de la Gaîté-Montparnasse in a production of Chienne Dactylographe.
Chilam did not stay behind the ceremony for the TVB official interview.
Phil’s professional career started at Leatherhead in Puss in Boots playing the back end of the donkey.
He is also a skilled drummer, featured on several albums in Swedish 1970s and 1980s music.
Fann Woon Fong, better known by her stage name Fann Wong, is a Singaporean actress, singer and model.
Lu Yi-Ching is a Taiwanese actress born in 1960.
An English language version of the first season, produced by 4Kids Entertainment, aired in North America in 2005.
They debuted their self-titled album Shin in May 2002.
He was the brother of the actor Clifford Mollison.
He was van Swieten in the inaugural production Amadeus and the parliamentary Speaker in The Madness of George III.
Takahiro Hōjō is a retired Japanese actor.
His first CD, named 逆光, was released on 7 November 2007, and contained 9 songs, all written and produced by Koji.
Ruby Miller was a British stage and film actress.
He graduated from the Swedish National Academy of Mime and Acting in 2002.
He had a recurring role in the television series Ally McBeal as Brian Selig, a love interest of the title character.
Yukiko Shimazaki is a Japanese actress and singer.
She was even featured in the short film Knullträdet.
He was born in 1887 and died in 1969.
He appeared in more than 175 films between 1949 and 1988.
Her radio work includes many of the Penny Dreadfuls plays, John Finnemore's Souvenir Programme.
Jacques Duby was a French stage, film and television actor.
After making his name in the theatre, from the 1960s onwards he became more known for TV work.
Jam Hsiao is a Taiwanese singer and actor.
Leena Dhingra is a British Asian actress.
She really threw herself into it and I thought she was hilarious... She was just great!".
Victor Travers was an English character actor of theatre and film, known for his work in many of the Three Stooges films.
Toby Leung Ching-kei is a female Cantopop singer and actress from Hong Kong.
He has appeared in 16 pantomimes at the Belgrade Theatre in Coventry, latterly as Dame.
His first professional West End appearance was in 1959, in William Douglas-Home's Aunt Edwina.
He and his younger brothers Masakazu and Ryō were known as the three Tamura brothers.
She grew up in Cromer, Norfolk with a love of dancing and singing that stems from her dance instructor mother.
His third marriage, which took place about 1960, was to Virginia Vernon.
In 1963, he married French actress Françoise Fabian.
Stephen Chow Sing-chi is a film director, actor, producer, playwright, and political adviser of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
She was the daughter of Pierre-Antoine Gourgaud, stage name Dugazon.
In 1988, Kee received his master's degree in drama from the University of Essex, after being awarded a British Council Fellowship for postgraduate studies in England.
An exception was Wheel of Fate, in which he did have the leading role and top billing.
David played the aspirant Prime Minister, Brian Worsley, in the 2011 drama Hidden.
Isao Yamagata was a Japanese film actor.
In 2003 he played Henry VIII in the Six Mothers-in-law of Henry VIII 'an unreliable history', on BBC Radio 4.
Romy Pastrana, commonly known by his stage name Dagul, is a Filipino dwarf actor, comedian and politician.
Rumiko Koyanagi is a Japanese actress and singer.
Her photos frequently show her in provocative poses.
He is married to an actress Rei Yoshii in November 11, 2016.
She also played Gita Dhatri in Casualty.
An episode of Al Murray's Happy Hour broadcast on ITV1 on 15 February 2008 was dedicated to him.
Ulla Marie Skoog is a Swedish actress and comedian.
He is the older brother of Jon Marsh of English dance band the Beloved.
Aaron Yan is a Taiwanese actor and singer.
A nonfiction voice role was in the series Kiwameru: Nihon no Bi to Kokoro.
She has been engaged at the Stockholm City Theatre since 1978.
He also worked with Hasse Alfredson and Tage Danielsson, both in revues such as Spader, Madame!
In 2015 Ayres appeared as Theo Bainbridge in the ITV series Midsomer Murders episode 17.2 "Murder by Magic".
She also is a writer, translator and filmmaker.
Simeon Stuart was a British film actor of the silent era.
Womack was born in Liverpool in 1961, eldest son of Frances and Tom Womack.
The 1998–1999 hit TV series My Fair Princess marked a turning point in Su's career.
She was one of the leading actresses in the late 1980s and early 1990s, next to Maggie Cheung, Brigitte Lin and Cheung Man.
She appeared in 18 films between 1942 and 1973.
He has appeared in more than 30 films and television shows since 1970.
His singing impressions are legendary with renditions of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Tony Bennett, Sammy Davis Jnr and many, more.
Danny Green was an English character actor, best known for his role as the slow-witted ex-boxer "One-Round" Lawson in The Ladykillers.
She created the role of Dalila in Handel's 1743 oratorio Samson.
She was also famous as a member of the pop group Candies.
To Dayo, the award was an accumulative result of his TVB dramas.
She was a member of the band Hey Girl.
Arihiro Fujimura was a Japanese actor and voice actor.
Maximiliano Teodoro Iglesias Acevedo is a Spanish actor and model.
Since 2009 she has played the role of Lyenette Driver in BBC soap Doctors, where she is a semi-regular cast member.
Lini Evans is a Canadian singer and actress.
He also played King Ghidorah for Rebirth of Mothra III.
Benton had some minor roles on TV such as Z-Cars in 1970, and The Juggler of Notre Dame.
She appeared in various regional theatre pantomimes.
Other notable songs, such as 泰國情哥, 飆高音(English: High Pitched) and 漂向北方(English: Stranger In the North) gained global attention.
Cole was also a member of the 'Five Card Trick' theatre group with fellow founders Peter Shepherd, Phil Turner and Bill Moody.
David Hutcheson was a British character actor.
In 2010 she portrayed Donna in the musical Mamma Mia!
In 2007, he joined Gold Typhoon in Hong Kong.
Colin J. Spaull is a British actor, noted for his television work.
Nicole Barber-Lane is a British actress best known for playing Myra McQueen in the long-running teen soap Hollyoaks.
At the 24th Guldbagge Awards she won the award for Best Actress for her role in Lethal Film.
She appeared in forty films between 1936 and 1994.
Law Chung-him, known as Him Law, is a Hong Kong film and television actor.
He continued appearing in films, and in short comedies by Shinozaki until his death in 2004.
She won the award for best actress at the 8th Blue Ribbon Awards for The Rice People and Unagitori.
Also a talented television host, she won Golden Bell Award for Best TV Host in a Music/Singing Programme twice, in 2004 and 2007.
He is known for playing the role of David in Serial Weddings.
She is from Toyonaka, Osaka Pref., Japan.
The mother in the broadcast is played by Men Behaving Badly actress Caroline Quentin.
She also had a guest appearance as Phantom Thief Selene in Task 13 of GoGo Sentai Boukenger.
He has also lent his voice to the Wii video game Dragon Quest Swords as the hero's father, Baud.
He has appeared in numerous plays and films.
Richard Stirling is a British writer and actor, who has appeared on film, television and the West End and American stage.
She appeared in ten EastEnders episodes between April and July 1991, as part of Sam and Ricky's teen elopement storyline.
Eccles was educated at Highgate School and then worked in an insurance office.
Thomas "Tom" Chatto was a British actor.
His credits included parts in The Avengers, I, Claudius, George and Mildred, Doomwatch and the Doctor Who story Frontier in Space.
Blackie Chen Chien-chou is a Taiwanese television host, actor, basketball manager, entrepreneur and a former basketball player.
He was an actor at Liège in 1789, then at the Théâtre de Monsieur in 1790-1791, he arrived in Brussels in 1803.
Steve Ma Jingtao is a Taiwanese actor best known for acting in many Taiwanese, mainland Chinese and Singaporean television series since the early 1990s.
She won the award for best actress at the 19th Japan Academy Prize for Kura.
Eileen Helsby is a British actress with several television credits.
He is currently an artist of National Theatre Company of China - NTCC(中国国家话剧院).
He was born and raised in Chester, and was educated at King's School in the city.
Zhu Lin is a mainland Chinese film actress.
Curt Masreliez was a Swedish stage and film actor.
Asaoka was in the Takarazuka Revue from 1952 to 1955.
Bernard Campan is a French actor, film director and writer.
In 2004, Nyman received the royal medal Litteris et Artibus, and in 2006 she was the recipient of the Eugene O'Neill Award.
He was the head of "Södra Teatern" in Stockholm 1939–1941, and "Oscarsteatern" 1942–1947.
Cox created at least eleven drolls, with titles like Simpleton the Smith, Bumpkin, Hobbinat, Simpkin, and John Swabber the Seaman.
She currently plays Meghan Markle in season 2 of "The Windsors"
She appeared in thirteen productions including the 1947 historical film Vanity.
He is best known for portraying heroes in costume television dramas.
Marcel Vallée was a French actor, primarily of the theater.
In November 2005, Julienne was contracted by French TV station M6 to consult on a French-language remake of the 1970s series Starsky and Hutch.
He appeared on stage in "Hamlet" in 1969 at the Lunt-Fontanne theater in New York City.
Toward the end of his career, he began appearing in horror films, including Dario Argento's Inferno and the low budget Patrick Still Lives.
Alice Au Yin-ching is a Hong Kong actress.
A gardening enthusiast, Mikami currently hosts the gardening show Shumi no Engei on NHK Educational TV.
Tremain made his West End stage début in a production of The Full Monty at the age of 10.
Catherine "Kitty" Clive was a well-known English actress and occasional singer on the stages of London.
Chelsea Elizabeth Islan is an Indonesian actress.
For three years he was the principal comedian at The Fred Karno Company, a collection of comedians who worked in both British variety and American Vaudeville.
As a teacher he is considered by his students to be truly inspirational, and has successfully directed several school musicals and co-directed several Shakespeare pieces.
Batdorj-in Baasanjab, also known by his Chinese name Basenzhabu or simply Ba Sen, is an Inner Mongolian actor.
Chang appeared in 33 films during her eleven-year acting career.
She therefore asked to be dropped to recurring status.
Mather was born in Minchinhampton, Gloucestershire, and began his career on the stage in 1905.
He has also appeared twice in Midsomer Murders.
He later acted in small supporting roles in films by Sammo Hung.
In 1995, Chung moved to Taiwan to pursue a singing career under the guidance of record producer Samuel Tai, subsequently signing a contract with Music Impact.
She appeared in 49 films between 1906 and 1964.
He remained close to a number of writers, actors and actresses until his death.
Her most prominent role has been as Smart Lady in Kamen Rider 555.
In 2006 he recounted his experiences on The Dirty Dozen in a ‘making of’ documentary.
He has toured with Amy Winehouse as a backing singer and co-wrote a song with his brother Zalon, which was a hit in Japan.
Stephen Billington is an English actor, best known for playing Greg Kelly in Coronation Street.
Olav Riégo was a Swedish film actor.
She is an accomplished composer and has written the soundtrack for Hush Your Mouth, the debut feature for Neophyte Films directed by Tom Tyrwhitt.
Belinda Lee is a Singaporean television host and actress.
He is unique in the extant records of English Renaissance theatre, in that his individual employment contract with one of his acting companies has survived.
Dany Robin was a French actress of the 1950s and the 1960s.
He starred in light musical comedies but returned to his stage career by the 1930s.
Paul Melba is an English comedian and impressionist.
Fred Goodwins was an English actor, film director and screenwriter of the silent era.
She also played the role of Mrs. Jack Attacliffe in the episode "Black Widow" in the 1993 season of the Last of the Summer Wine series.
Flora Chan Wai-shan was born on 30 May 1970 in Hong Kong.
Gülnezer Bextiyar, also known as Guli Nazha, is a Chinese actress and model of Uyghur descent.
Eileen Moore, is a British television and film actress who was born in London, England.
A year later he reprised this role in The Silver Chair.
Her work has been featured in the Independent UK, Dailymail UK, and China Daily.
Born in Byfleet, Surrey, Wilkin emigrated to Toronto, Ontario, Canada after completing his studies at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
She is also a voice actor in the 1999 anime film My Neighbors the Yamadas directed by Isao Takahata.
She also appeared on TV in Witch Hunt, The Persuaders !, Jason King, The Protectors and as Lady Sarah in The Main Chance.
Alice Rose Connor is a British actress, born in Buckinghamshire, England.
She is still with MediaCorp but is now in an executive position.
She is a 177 cm tall, blue-eyed blonde who has walked the runway for Thierry Mugler, Christian Lacroix and Lanvin.
It was cast at the Haymarket Theatre Sept. 9, 1902, with Rock starring as the character George.
Bengt Gunnar Eklund was a Swedish actor.
Katherine Jakeways is a British comedian, actor and writer.
Frederick Pyne is an actor best known for his role as Matt Skilbeck on the ITV soap Emmerdale Farm from 1972–1989.
Turner's fifth novel—Lost Heir—was scheduled to be published around the time of her death.
He participates in Stjärnorna på slottet in season 10 which is broadcast on SVT.
He is married to Japanese actress and J-Pop singer Miho Kanno.
As well as her theatre work, Emerald also appeared in five films, including 1931's A Safe Affair.
She was born in Tokyo, Japan, and released her first single on 2 November 1988.
Jay Simpson is a prolific English film, television and stage actor.
Pollock was the subject of TV's This Is Your Life in 1992.
Paul Jesson is an English stage, television and film actor and an Associate Artist of the Royal Shakespeare Company.
In Ghost Hunter he played the character of Roddy, one of the main characters.
Her English improved greatly during the production, however, allowing her to work in a few English language films during the 1980s and 1990s.
His most notable film role came in the 2004 film Banlieue 13, in which he portrayed one of the main antagonists.
He is the older brother to actor and comedian Felix Herngren.
Aki Maeda is a Japanese actress and singer.
Fan rose to fame in East Asia in 1998–1999 with the mega-hit TV series My Fair Princess.
She was also the main vocalist for Black Biscuits, a Japanese dance band which released four singles, Stamina, Timing, Relax, Bye-Bye, and one album, Life.
On December 23, 2007 she had a son, Elmer Eliasson, with her husband Joakim Eliasson.
She is considered one of the Four Dan Actresses of China, and one of the most well-known Asian actresses in the West.
Pandora Clifford is a British actress who has appeared in various roles on stage and screen including Agatha Christie's Poirot, Wallander, Taggart and New Tricks" 
He died in China at the age of 78, reportedly from lung cancer.
Other favourite voices include Eric Morecambe, Ken Dodd, Billy Connolly, Tommy Cooper and Sir Robin Day.
Tom Kelly is a British actor, noted for his roles in television.
Born in Paris, she now resides in London.
Before graduating, she was already contributing to several film projects directed by prominent filmmakers, such Zhang Yimou in his movie, Raise the Red Lantern.
In 2008 Woodruff began broadcasting with Radio2XS.
He had recently appeared in CCTV's The Legend of Bruce Lee as Shao Ruhai, a master of Hung Ga and the first to train Bruce Lee.
Her last husband was Austrian ethnologist Hans Winfried Rohsmann.
Magness is best remembered for her role as Evelyn Wright in 40 episodes of BBC children's drama series Grange Hill from 1997 to 2001.
Richard judged at the New York Festivals in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and represented the Grand Jury of the New York festivals in 2014.
She appeared in 20 films between 1967 and 1985.
Seiran Kobayashi is a Japanese child actress.
Audsley is the oldest of three siblings.
She represented China at the 1992 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships.
He won the Blue Ribbon Award for Best Actor in 1984 for The Funeral and Farewell to the Ark.
Lebor was born in East Ham, London.
In 2000, he moved from agent Excellent Voice Company to emergent breakout voice agency Another Tongue.
He has written and starred in numerous British drama serials, theatrical productions, and has been used for many voiceovers and advertising campaigns.
She was the first female voice of Sat-nav.
This helped both sisters gain a year-long contract with We Will Rock You in their mid teens.
In 2011, he won the award for Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
She left TVB in 2008 and currently resides in Shanghai.
He has appeared in 24 films and television shows between 1959 and 2002.
His brother Bernard Verley is also an actor.
The earliest films, made before 1900, were usually without plot and had a runtime of just a few minutes.
Gregory Ratoff was a Russian-born American film director, actor and producer.
He came from a Welsh family background, but was born in London.
She has also appeared in several episodes of the BBC Radio 4 comedy series Elephants to Catch Eels.
She is famous for such TV dramas as Yae no Sakura,Ashita, Mama ga Inai and as a television personality.
Wright was born in Blackburn, Lancashire, England, and died on 7 March 1960, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Kanon Kasuga is a Japanese child actress from Tokyo.
Tobias Swärd is a Swedish voice and child actor, well known for his role as Berra in Kan du vissla Johanna?.
Seow was a model in Singapore and Asia before becoming an actor on local television.
She has recorded over 800 songs in Mandarin and Taiwanese Hokkien, and 2 songs in Cantonese.
In 1976, he produced The Eagle Has Landed, and in 1979, he produced Escape to Athena, which starred his father.
Wong is a practising Buddhist, having converted in 2000.
Chik frequently collaborates with screenwriter Chow Yuk-ming.
In 2007, she gained popularity for her debut role as "Lola" in the Mexican teen-oriented musical telenovela Lola...Érase una vez.
He appeared in 63 films between 1918 and 1945, most often with his older brother, Lupino Lane.
In addition to appearances in clubs and theatres he has made several other television appearances, including Punchlines and eight editions of The Val Doonican Show.
From 1990 to 2006, Lee worked for TVB rival ATV, but she has since return to TVB.
She gave birth to a daughter in 2010.
She made her film debut in 1915 and retired in 1944, with exactly 100 films to her resume.
Her debut solo album was released on 24 April 2007, titled Other Half.
Habay appeared in more forty films during the silent era, mostly in Italy.
She died of uterine cancer on 3 March 2013.
Rin Asuka is a Japanese actress from Osaka Prefecture represented by Stardust Promotion.
Emil Fjellström was a Swedish stage and film actor.
She toured with Cathy Rigby in the Broadway musical Annie Get Your Gun.
He appeared in 47 films between 1933 and 1953.
in 1934 which marked the film debut of George Formby as an adult.
Kelly Lin Hsi-Lei is a Taiwanese actress and model who has appeared mainly in Hong Kong films.
He appeared in the TV musical Pickwick for the BBC in 1969.
This Ramayana, subtitled 'the epic; as a play in English' is the only Indian production until today to have played on Broadway.
Denville, an actor by trade, ran one of the UK's leading repertory companies.
Mark Daly was a British film actor.
He won the award for best supporting actor at the 9th Hochi Film Award and at the 6th Yokohama Film Festival for Mahjong hōrōki.
Thérèse Ellen McMurray is a British television actor.
Perhaps her best-known role is that of the film star Mae Feather in Anthony Asquith's Shooting Stars.
She is best known for a number of mega-hit Huangmei opera films in the 1960s, especially The Love Eterne which made her an Asian superstar overnight.
Sharon Kwan is a Chinese American Mandopop singer.
At the 29th Guldbagge Awards he won the award for Best Actor for the film Spring of Joy.
She portrayed Airi Nogami in the tokusatsu drama Kamen Rider Den-O.
He also competed on Sasuke during the early 2000s.
Ozawa is currently affiliated with Hori Agency.
She was married to film director Tatsumi Kumashiro from 1955 to 1967.
He debuted in motion pictures in 1947 in Out of the Past, and finished his career with 1984's remake of that film.
In 2014, she won an MTV Europe Music Award for Best Worldwide Act.
Henri Valbel was a French film actor.
She has played the role of Minako Aino in the Sailor Moon musicals.
He has recently found success in his performances in Mainland Chinese television dramas, most of them Yu Zheng productions.
She appeared in the Doctor Who serial The Ark, Z-Cars, Doomwatch, Looking For Clancy, Survivors, Angels, Juliet Bravo and Bergerac.
Christian Casadesus,, was a French actor who worked professionally in both movies and in theater.
Most well known for her lead role as Otome Sakamoto in T.B.S.
She participated in the 1979 Miss Hong Kong competition and came in 3rd runner-up.
On January 2, 2006 she returned to Hong Kong because TVB invited her to be the host of a singing program.
Cameron Carr was an English actor of the silent era.
He has appeared on radio and in theatre, TV and films.
Cathryn Mary Lee Harrison is an English actress.
She rose to international fame with the police thriller Les Rivières pourpres.
Gustaf Caspar Orm Skarsgård is a Swedish actor.
Got was a fine representative of the grand style of French acting, and was much admired in England as well as in Paris.
Cooper played Geoffrey Fisher, the stern father of the eponymous antihero Billy Liar, in both the original West End stage version and the later sitcom.
Raymond Wong Pak-ming is a Hong Kong actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, and presenter.
Both twins have been touring with the Pet Shop Boys on an 18-month contract.
He appeared in a number of productions made by Astra Films in the years after the First World War.
Irma Schultz Keller is a Swedish actress and pop singer who has appeared in many movies and television series in Sweden.
Wan began his acting career after graduating from the ATV Training Course in 1983.
Colette Janine Marchand was a French prima ballerina and actress.
Jake Maskall is an English television, film and theatre actor.
She is the sister of John Holmes who played Luke "Gonch" Gardner in Grange Hill
He made his film debut in Cresus.
He also played Kamen Rider Gaoh in the Kamen Rider Den-O movie, Kamen Rider Den-O: I'm Born!.
He completed the level 2 qualification but did not move on as he got his part in Emmerdale.
She is best known for playing Mrs. Yeatman, the wife of Maurice Yeatman, the verger, in Dad's Army.
She also released several singles and six albums and she had one minor hit with the song "Emerald no Suna".
He has also played drums in a soul-jazz band.
Elof Ahrle was a Swedish actor and film director.
Foster also had earlier made educational films for use in schools playing gas engineers, etc.
She also appeared in the Gainsborough Pictures logo before the opening credits of films by that studio.
She is best known for her appearances at the Chinatheater in Stockholm in the 1990s, in musicals including Grease and Fame.
His first play, The Ghost Train Tattoo, was premiered at the Royal Exchange Theatre in Manchester in 2001.
Mark Cheng Ho-nam is a Hong Kong actor.
Henri Castelli, artistic name of Henri Lincoln Fernandes Nascimento is a Brazilian actor and model.
In 2011, he starred as Aron Stenström in Swedish war drama Beyond the Border.
Cherie Chung Chor-hung is a retired Hong Kong film actress.
He made his debut at the Comédie-Française on 7 November 1759.
Phil Rose is an English actor, best known for his role as Friar Tuck in the 1980s TV series Robin of Sherwood.
During the silent era he played the gentlemen thief Arsène Lupin in several short films.
She appeared in fifteen films and television shows between 1971 and 1988.
A role in the American film Love Is a Ball was an attempt to make her a sex symbol.
Wong has been married to actress Yoyo Chen since 11 November 2011.
Daly was born in Edinburgh, Scotland on 23 August 1887, making his first stage appearance in Swansea, Wales in 1906.
Adrian Pang Yeow Soon is a Malaysian-born Singapore actor, host, and contracted artiste under FLY Entertainment.
He served as a lieutenant in the West Yorkshire Regiment during World War I.
She has also appeared in Food Fight, an episode of Carlos, and several idol videos.
She also won the award for best actress at the 13th Hochi Film Award for Bakayaro!
She is the younger sister of actress Miho Nakayama.
She is a former CNN correspondent in Japan, as well as being a former game show host.
Tomas Robert Olof Bolme is a Swedish actor.
She has appeared in films Eureka, Station To Heaven, Natsumeke No Shokutaku, and Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl.
In 2010 it was announced that Richard was to appear in the stage version of Lark Rise to Candleford which is currently on a nationwide tour.
In the Chinese-speaking world she is best known for starring in a number of popular Chinese television series.
Katsuyuki Murai is a Japanese actor known for playing the Rose Orphnoch in Kamen Rider 555.
In 2017, he joined the main cast of AMC's Preacher.
In 1971 she appeared in No One Was Saved at the Royal Court Theatre schools scheme.
Joanna Phillips-Lane is a British actress who among other parts, played the character Roxy in Carla Lane's sitcom Bread.
In her youth, she appeared as an extra in three of her father's films.
In March 2016 he was named as the host of the opening and closing ceremonies at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
His debuted in TVB in A Kindred Spirit.
Paul Chung was a Hong Kong actor, MC and a DJ in the early 1980s.
Tomoko Naraoka is a Japanese actress and narrator.
He won the 2001 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor and has received two Tony Award nominations.
In 2008 she starred in the US premiere of Vincent River by Philip Ridley.
Yang Li-hua is a Taiwanese opera performer who is credited as a "living national treasure".
John Aden Gillett is a British actor best known for playing the role of Jack Maddox on the BBC series The House of Eliott.
He is perhaps best known as a star of the ITV impressions show Who Do You Do?
For the 2011 Japanese movie Rebirth she received one of the seven Newcomer of the Year awards at the 35th edition of the Japan Academy Prize.
Slater has also appeared in the Theatre Royal production of Peter Pan the Pantomime playing Captain Hook during the Christmas season of 2010/2011.
Fiona Chalmers is a British actress, who appeared in TV series in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
In 2008, he was selected from an audition of 500 actors to play the male lead against the heroine in the NHK Asadora Dandan.
Under the guidance of Paco Wong, he signed to Gold Typhoon in 2003, being marketed as a singer-songwriter.
He appeared in 33 films between 1931 and 1952.
Aldridge is a co-founder of "In the Corner Productions".
He worked briefly for an insurance company in Liverpool before volunteering to fight in the First World War.
Ryo Kimura is a Japanese actor who debuted in 2002.
She collaborated with Kaori Iida from Morning Musume for one DVD and one photobook in 2004.
He has also previously worked as the assistant to the series producer for Coronation Street before moving to Emmerdale as a storyliner.
In 2015, Kim announced he ended his contract with S.M.
Alexis won Celebrity Masterchef 2016 on 29 July beating Louise Minchin and Jimmy Osmond in the final.
André Sjöberg is a Swedish actor who is best recognised for his part as Nils Geting in 2006 television miniseries Snapphanar.
He studied in Chung Ling Butterworth High School and went on to Inti College, Kuala Lumpur [Majoring in Film & Theatre, Mass Comm].
Holger Löwenadler was a Swedish film actor.
He is known for playing Hugh Glass' son Hawk in the 2015 film The Revenant.
He has featured in many theatre productions and currently runs a theatre school, He is also a DJ and teacher.
He held the record for most Daytime Emmy Awards in the acting categories for six Emmys until 2012 when Anthony Geary surpassed him, garnering seven.
Märta Torén was a Swedish stage and film actress of the 1940s and 1950s.
Wong married his fiancé Peggy in France on August 3, 2012
He made his acting career debut in TVB's Hearts Of Fencing in 2003.
Laura Petela is a British television actress.
As a theatre actress, Sally made her professional London debut playing the role of Catherine in Proof at the Arts Theatre in February/March 2007.
He appeared in over 70 films between 1917 and 1954.
Claude Bertrand was a French film, television and voiceover actor.
The Straits Times remarked that Chen's "much-praised understated turn" in the Cannes Film Festival award-winning Ilo Ilo put him in the spotlight once again.
Harris also appeared in the BBC children television series, as the naive Mr Boyes in Bad Boyes; and the environment polluter, Mr Belcher in Earth Warp.
Lindh was born in Stockholm, and studied at the acting school at the Royal Dramatic Theatre from 1964-67.
In 2006, she appeared briefly in an episode of sitcom Not Going Out as waitress Julie.
She won the Golden Rooster Award and Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress that year.
Lena Irene Lindh is a Swedish stage and film actress and singer.
Lewis Lempereur-Palmer is a young English actor.
In July 2005, The Guardian said she "adroitly capture[d] the anxiety of a mature student", in a production of Steaming.
Her father is the novelist Kazuo Dan and she herself has won awards for her essays.
As well as numerous new plays at The Royal Court, The Riverside Studios, and The Old Half Moon.
She was elected as a member of the Japanese parliament in the 1970s and served for 18 years.
Hiroyuki's father is Korean-Japanese and his mother is from El Salvador.
She was married to Canadian singer Paul Anka.
He made his debut in 2008 for the 21st Junon Superboy Contest.
Fan You-chen, better known as Van Fan or Fan Yi-chen, is a Taiwanese singer and actor with ancestry from the Amis aborigine tribe.
He was born in Reading, Berkshire, England, UK and died in London.
Kanjūrō Arashi was a Japanese film actor.
He wrote for more than 30 films between 1942 and 1971.
He was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire in 1866 and made his first screen appearance in 1914.
Directed by Welsh actor Iestyn Arwel the production received rave reviews.
Ernest A. Douglas was a British actor of the silent era.
She has acted in numerous television series produced by Hong Kong's TVB.
She followed this with rep at Bristol, Leatherhead, Derby, Newcastle upon Tyne and Leeds before embarking on a successful film and television career.
Hugh Sachs is an English actor, best known for his role in Benidorm as Gavin Ramsbottom.
Bryony Hannah is an Olivier Award-nominated English actress.
Saori Ono is a Japanese model and actress.
The daughter of a painter, she was born in Komagome, Hongō, in the city of Tokyo, Japan.
Her marriage to Maesmore Morris ended in divorce in 1905.
In 2010 he was cast as Asher Levi in series 2 of EastEnders: E20.
She also wrote Messiah, Messiah 2 and Messiah 3 for the BBC.
She has figured in a television advertisement with Pontus Gårdinger for the Swedish lager Norrlands Guld, manufactured by Spendrups.
During the 1980s he participated in a number of Australian independent films.
She was later discovered by film director Johnnie To and debuted in his first film The Enigmatic Case.
She is best known for playing Janis Steel in Sky1's Mile High and Fanny Tickler in Channel 4's Phoenix Nights.
In his first West End musical Maggie May he was nominated as best newcomer.
His stage name is a homophone of his birth name.
Metcalfe is also known for being third eliminated in the sixth series of ITV Competition Dancing on Ice.
She was a director for the dance company, "Morethandance" until December 2008.
His is best known for his role in Andrew Lloyd Webber's Bollywood musical Bombay Dreams in which he played Sweetie.
In his latter years he was a drama coach at The Guildford School of Acting.
He set up the Grands-Danseurs du Roi, the predecessor of the Théâtre de la Gaîté.
Born in Stockholm, she worked mainly on stage with a total of about 20 film and TV appearances.
Françoise "Fanchon" Pitel de Longchamp was a French actress.
He is best known for his many supporting or everyman roles similar to Liu Kai-chi.
He also excelled as the well-meaning but clueless butler Wilkes in Vagabond Loafers.
Joan Ritz was a British actress of the silent era.
He is best known for his role as DS Alistair Greig a character he played for 10 years in the long-running ITV drama The Bill.
King is also known for her role in the film Writers Retreat.
Smith is set to graduate in 2017.
French car manufacturers, notably Renault and Citroën, frequently called on his services for their TV and film commercials.
Sam is a member of two Taiwanese groups 5566 and 183 Club.
They lived for a number years in Brazil before returning to live in Alpes-Maritimes in the south of France.
Jonathan Newth is a British actor, best known for his performances in television.
He starred in the musical Hedwig and the Angry Inch in 2004.
Erik "Hampe" Faustman was a Swedish actor and film director.
Hartman also appeared as Isaac Talentire in the original west end production of Howard Goodall's musical The Hired Man.
trio who were commissioned by BBC3 to write and perform their own narrative comedy show called Live!Girls!
One of his first roles was Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles.
Mary Dibley was a British film actress.
Nigel Betts is an English actor who has an irregular recurring role in ITV soap opera Emmerdale as Sales Manager Eddie Hope.
She now teaches as an Assistant Professor of Acting at the University of Michigan.
He has starred several TV series such as Atsuhime and Nobuta.
He has been active in the voice talent business since 1988.
As the Italian film industry dwindled, Steiner retired from acting in 1991 and moved to California, where he became an real estate agent.
In 1964, she won the Carleton Hobbs Bursary Award for radio drama.
James David Grout was an English actor of radio and television.
He was born in Eastbourne in 1901 as Ronald William Ward, and made his screen debut in the 1931 film Alibi.
He also worked extensively for the RSC, including the Tokyo tour of King Lear.
His headmaster recognized his talent as a boy soprano, and recommended him to the Scottish Broadcasting Corporation.
He is particularly popular among bad film fans due to his overacting that makes him twist his face in grimaces.
Gunnel Elisabet Fred is a Swedish film actress.
He also appeared in many Shakespeare productions across Australia.
Bruno Salomone is a French actor and comedian.
She recently appeared recounting her appearance in Doctor Who in a documentary on the season 16 story The Pirate Planet which was released in 2007.
Simon Nash is a British actor and former child actor.
The Deadly Hands of Kung Fu is a martial arts comic book magazine published by Magazine Management, a corporate sibling of Marvel Comics.
He was married to Harriet Anna-Lisa Lindgren.
In 1991 she made frequent appearances in feature films.
Kamiya is best known for her role as Satomi Noda in Battle Royale.
In 1902 she married Basil de Sélincourt, though the marriage lasted for only a few years.
In 2003, she co-starred in her first feature film, Collusion.
He suffered a stroke in 2004 but recovered and resumed acting.
Phoebe Mary Waller-Bridge is an English actress, writer, playwright and director, active on stage and on television.
He is a frequent caller to the BBC London 94.9 phone-in hosted by Vanessa Feltz.
Charles Vane was a British stage and film actor.
She performed in more than ninety films from 1942 to 1983.
Zhang Zhenhuan is a China- born Singapore - based actor in Singapore.
He made some 28 appearances between 1957 and his death.
charity gala in Vancouver, Canada, with many other artists.
Mitsuomi Takahashi is a Japanese actor best known for playing Satoru Akashi/BoukenRed in the tokusatsu show GoGo Sentai Boukenger.
Her current gigs can be found on http://www.jaynebickertoncreations.com/stand-up-mary-unfaithful.html
Michael Fitzgerald Wong is a Chinese-American actor based in Hong Kong.
John Hopkins is an English actor, known for playing Sgt.
She debuted in 2009 and is affiliated with Sony Music Artists, which distributes and sells her records.
He was a founder of the Neptune Studios in Borehamwood which is today the site of Elstree Studios.
Langham was married to actress Helen Burns.
Unusually for a Hong Kong film, both Heung and the team were shown naked on camera, with their private parts fully revealed in several scenes.
Prior to entering the Miss Hong Kong pageant, Selena attended the University of Toronto studying for a Bachelor of Business Commerce degree.
Contemporary roles include parts in a 2004 television series spinoff of Castle of Sand and the 1985 Star Tanjō.
She appeared in such feature films as Les Bonnes Femmes, The Hands of Orlac, La donnaccia.
As of September 2011, his entertainment career has been put on hiatus and he is currently working as an insurance agent.
Huguette Duflos was a French stage and film actress.
He is best known for his role as Zhou Chongguang in the film series Tiny Times.
His theatre performances also include the recent role of Bob Acres in the restoration comedy The Rivals.
In 1979 he played Brian Pilbeam in the first series of Terry and June.
She made her directoral debut in 2001 with Se souvenir des belles choses, for which she won a César Award for Best Debut.
Other TV credits include Upstairs, Downstairs, Monarch of the Glen, The Brothers, The Two Ronnies, Z-Cars and Taggart.
David William Logan Westhead is an English actor.
After making her debut as a child actor, she appeared in twenty films.
Eileen Percy was an Irish actress of the silent era.
She played Wilma, the teenage daughter, in the TV series Skärgårdsdoktorn.
Chung's successful debut with his 1995 dance album OREA dubbed him as Taiwan's "Little Sun."
Matthew also writes and performs comedy at venues such as the Canal Cafe and the Landor theatres in London.
He has also appeared in Basil's Swap Shop as the Tea Boy.
Other appearances include the 1974 "Dixon Of Dock Green" episode, "Seven For A Secret - Never To Be Told".
Susanna Kwan Kuk-ying is a Hong Kong singer and actress.
Her given name Mei originates from her birth month in English.
Carole Ashby is an English actress and pinup girl.
She played Marigold Lockton in the 1997 TV adaptation of the Jilly Cooper novel, The Man Who Made Husbands Jealous.
Denise Coffey is an English actress, director and playwright.
Geoffrey Streatfeild is an English actor in film, television, stage and radio.
Like some other actors of English Renaissance theatre, Clark began as a boy player filling female roles.
Noriko Honma is a Japanese actress whose film work occurred primarily during the 1950s.
She is most noted for her role as Marie in Jean-Luc Godard's 1985 film Je Vous Salue Marie/Hail Mary which was controversial at the time.
Robin W. J. Langford was an English actor, writer and director.
Her older brother is the founder and chairman of a listed company in Singapore.
She is perhaps most recognizable from her playful "Kaimono Suki-na-Hime-sama" character, and she is affectionately called "Emi chan" by other starring TV tarentos or announcers.
He was born in Torsåker, Sweden and died in a plane crash in Trinidad in 1963.
Ma Sanli was a Chinese comedian in the traditional Xiangsheng or "crosstalk" style.
Cornelius is represented by Michael Ford at DAA Management.
Ryoko Yonekura is a Japanese actress and former fashion model
She died on 16 February 2012, aged 87, from cancer.
He was born in Qingdao, Shandong and graduated from Beijing Film Academy.
Debbie Rush is an English actress, best known for playing the role of Anna Windass in Coronation Street since 2008.
Douglas had a small starring role as Santa in Steven Spielberg's Amazing Stories.
Gigi Leung Wing-kei is a Hong Kong singer and actress.
Her single Sånt är livet was a Norwegian #1 in 1962.
Steiner was in very steady demand until the late 1980s.
Lately he has been seen in Dirk Gently, for BBC Four and Lead Balloon.
Richard Cooper was a British actor who starred in twenty eight films between 1930 and 1941.
And she was called Susan the Gentle."
He is mostly famous for his role as Melker Melkersson in the highly successful TV show Vi på Saltkråkan for which Astrid Lindgren wrote the script.
Tsui Wing is a Hong Kong actor from TVB.
He is the son of actor Lars Ekborg and older brother of actor Anders Ekborg.
Back in 1987-1988, O'Brien had a recurring role in the BBC soap opera, EastEnders; she played Edie Smith, the mother of Linda Davidson's character, Mary.
Her father managed a rubber company in British Malaya, and sent Fiona to England to a boarding school.
Stina Åsa Maria Ekblad is a Swedish-speaking Finnish actress.
In the 1970s she married actor Peter Whitbread after meeting him on the set of Follyfoot.
He was an excellent mimic and a great favourite socially.
He was primarily a jazz musician playing the saxophone, and contributed film music to many Swedish films.
Hiroshi Suzuki, better known by his stage name Papaya Suzuki, is a Japanese celebrity most famous for his dancing and for his afro hairstyle.
Ayako Nishikawa is a Japanese female TV star, tarento, comedian, and cosmetic surgeon.
Bailey also works as a writer and has written for Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, Vanity Fair, Glamour, The Independent, The Daily Telegraph and The Sunday Times.
Bertram Heribertson is a Swedish actor and director, known for his work in film, television and on stage.
In the United States and Canada, the term "Eskimo" was commonly used to describe the Inuit and Alaska's Yupik and Iñupiat peoples.
In 2008, he released his follow up album entitled "Reality Co. Ltd".
Alan Mak Siu-fai, is a Hong Kong writer, director, actor and producer.
Eyes, The Bill and The New Statesman.
Chan has received stars on the Hong Kong Avenue of Stars, and the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
She also endorsed products such as Gong Cha's juices and OSIM's massage devices.
She has played a key role in the Bollywood film Rang De Basanti.
She has also worked under the name Guje Kanter.
Albert Dupontel is a French actor, film director and screenwriter.
Mitchell attended The Pilgrims' School, Winchester, from 1999 to 2003.
Foster was born in Brighouse, West Riding of Yorkshire.
Margaretha Byström is a Swedish actress, writer and director.
Gwynne Herbert was a British stage and film actress.
She was ranked 63rd on the 2014 Forbes China Celebrity 100, making her the most influential Hong Kong-based female singer that year.
James Wen is a Taiwanese actor, model and former reporter.
He received the Theatre World Award for Best Newcomer on Broadway for his performance in "An Inspector Calls" at the Royale Theatre, Broadway.
Chang attended National Taipei University and obtained a bachelor's degree in law.
Chris Trenfield is an actor from Alvechurch, currently working and studying in Surrey.
In 2003, he began his career in the entertainment industry by acting in television series.
She is 165 cm tall and weighs 43 kg.
On August 31, 2006, she played a guest-star role in the prime-time series Shin Kasōken no Onna File 8 on TV Asahi.
She graduated from the Central Academy of Drama in 2006.
Shahidi returned to Emmerdale on 25 December 2013, with Leyla turning up to her sister Alicia's wedding to her, Leyla's, ex-fiance David.
He appeared in over 50 films between 1936 and 1970.
For the former English footballer, see David Brett.
She appeared in more than 40 films between 1931 and 1969.
She won the Miss Chinese Malaysia in 1992 and went to Hong Kong to compete for the Miss Chinese International in 1993.
Dexter Young is a Hong Kong actor who joined TVB in 2007.
In 1976 she returned to Canada, settling in Toronto.
Lee is the host and producer of late night talk show beginning in 2015 called Sze U Tonight on TVB.
Grégory Fitoussi is a French actor best known for appearing in television series such as Spiral, Spin and Mr Selfridge.
He was also involved in the coming of age film Alpha Male.
He is known as one of the more prominent television producers in China.
Jo Rowbottom is a British character actress, best known for guest roles in numerous British TV series, and as James Beck's wife in Romany Jones.
In 1991 she played Calphurnia in Julius Caesar and Lady Capulet in Romeo and Juliet for the Royal Shakespeare Company.
In 2014 he appeared as Jia Sidao in Marco Polo.
Philip Stephen Hancock was a British television and stage actor.
His most prominent roles include Dickie Fleming in Coronation Street and PC Pete Dodds in Softly, Softly: Taskforce.
Later stage roles included a role in First-Class Passengers Only.
She has appeared in a number of television series including Cribb, The Black Tower, One by One and Columbo.
She appeared in 14 films between 1932 and 1939.
She arrived in Sweden with her family in 1992 and now lives in Gothenburg.
She was born in Fukuyama, Hiroshima, Japan.
She is a friend of Nigella Lawson and appeared on 16 episodes of Nigella Lawson's ITV chat show Nigella.
Specializing in copperplate etching and oil painting, in 1976, she won First Prize for Graphic Art at the Hong Kong Art Biennial.
She starred in Masahiro Kobayashi's film Bashing, which was screened in competition at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
Kazue Itoh, born December 7, 1966) is a Japanese actress from Seya-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture.
Barbro Kollberg was a Swedish film actress.
Malin Birgitta Berghagen is a Swedish actress and voice actress.
Now this fashion store has branches in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Singapore and succeeded in the fashion trend in Asia during the recent years.
He appeared in A Midsummer Night's Dream and Twelfth Night during the summer of 1935 at the Open Air Theatre in London.
In 1982 she was the female lead in her husband Banmei Takahashi's launch into mainstream film, Tattoo Ari.
She is, however, mostly famed for her singing.
He is best known for his romantic comedy films, and has served as a screenwriter for filmmakers Peter Chan, Johnnie To, Wai Ka-Fai, and Joe Ma.
He was born August 12, 1958 in Okawa, Fukuoka.
In 2010, Race Wong decided to step out of the limelight for a break.
She then was a regular in the television series General Hospital playing nurse Katy Shaw and had a small part in The Sweeney.
Her most recent activity was a television advertisement for the women's clothes magazine Fifty Plus in 2008.
He is best known for his first major English film in 2011, Monte Carlo with Selena Gomez.
Later, he jumped at the opportunity to be an entertainer when he took the gold medal at the audition called "Birth of Comedians".
She has worked with actors who include Anthony Quinn, Cliff Richard, James Coburn, Joan Collins, and Robert Vaughn.
He is the radio and television spokesman for SelectQuote, a life insurance company.
Arnaud Ducret is a French actor and comedian.
Carrie Ng is a Hong Kong actress well known for both Category-III cult and mainstream films.
He specialises in theatrical action sequences such as swordplay and fighting.
When he was 15 years old, Lopes was chosen to play the role of Bobby in Desecration, the first feature-length film by Dante Tomaselli.
Suzanne Collins is an English actress, best known for her television work.
He won the award for best actor at the 37th Blue Ribbon Awards for Like a Rolling Stone.
Joseph Malerba is a French actor most recently known for his role as police detective Walter Morlighem in the tough French TV series Braquo.
He started his stage career in 1891, playing juvenile and heavy parts.
Christine Ng Wing-mei is an actress and singer based on Hong Kong.
Fumika Suzuki is a Japanese voice actress, gravure idol and a former race queen in the 1990s.
Larry Noble was a stage comedian and actor best known for starring in the Whitehall farces with Brian Rix.
Lau Wai Ming is an accomplished Cantonese opera artist from Hong Kong specializing in the portrayal of romantic literary scholars and heroic warriors
Ingeborg Rönnblad, born Hansson 10 April 1873 in Gränna - 2 June 1915 in Blidö was a Swedish actress.
Before becoming an actress, Tong was a full-time model.
He was best known for playing Sgt Flint on the TV series Dixon of Dock Green, appearing in 253 episodes from 1955 to 1965.
Daphne Rye was a director, actress and casting director.
Lena Marie Strömdahl is a Swedish actress.
She started work at Shochiku in 1950, and played supporting roles in some of Yasujirō Ozu's films.
Moustafa Palazli Chousein-Oglou, sometimes known as Moustafa Palazli is a Greek-born British actor.
John Edvard Harryson was a Swedish actor.
Lawrence was born in Brentford, Chiswick, England.
In 1954 founded Roy Stewart's Gym in Powis Square, North Kensington, and ran the Caribbean club and restaurant the Globe, in Talbot Road until his death.
Riddick and on Family Affairs as Gabriel Drummond.
In September 2015, he released his autobiography titled Standing Firm at 24, which broke several online book records.
He most recently worked as composer was Henry V and Julius Caesar for the Royal Shakespeare Company, where he worked for three years.
The ninth series of Dream Team was broadcast on Sky1 from October 2005 to May 2006.
Also with his sunshine smile and dimples he is named "Taiwan's most adorable boyfriend" by the media.
To date Chiang Shu-na has released 19 albums, and won several accolades including Best Female Mandarin Artist at the 2011 Chinese Music Awards.
She was born in Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka, and debuted on 21 March 1990.
His most high-profile screen role is probably the part of Mike Hardy in the BBC horseracing drama Trainer, which was shown from 1991 to 1992.
He also appeared in Blackbeard's Ghost, The Amazing Dobermans and Off the Wall.
From 2014 - 2015 her work has incorporated radio comedy, short film making and art installation.
He has been performing, playing and composing since his early teens and continued through university when he attended Goldsmiths College at the University of London.
Takahashi made her acting debut in 2004, playing the role of Amano Sora in TV Asahi's Sky High 2.
Magnus Kesster was a Swedish film actor.
He also appeared in Is Harry on the Boat?
Graeme Hawley is an English actor known for his role as John Stape in the British soap Coronation Street.
He performed in more than forty films since 1994.
Jerrold Robertshaw was a British stage and film actor of the silent era.
From February 5, 1990 to January 1, 2006, she moved to Canada.
She appeared in over 30 films between 1957 and 1985 mostly playing a sweet old lady or motherly figure in minor roles.
In the late 1920s and early 1930s Senda lived in Berlin, where he was involved with underground theatre performances.
She has appeared in a wide variety of roles in film, television and the theatre, including a role as F.D.O.
Mark Dymond is an English actor of Irish descent.
Vincent Wan Yeung-ming is a Hong Kong actor.
Ken Kensei is a Japanese actor who is known for various cameo appearances in numerous movies.
She was also the youngest actress to have earned an "All-Time Favourite Award" at the Star Awards.
Shogo Suzuki is a Japanese actor and musician from Odawara, Kanagawa.
He made his acting debut in the television series Kamen Rider W as Philip.
In 1955, with two classmates, he founded the animation studio AB Team Film, which by 1966 made him one of Sweden's best known animators.
Guy Newall was a British actor, screenwriter and film director.
She sang on the major J-pop hit "Dango 3 Kyodai".
He has been managed by HIM International Music since 2010.
In 2002, she joined the cantopop music idol group Cookies.
He is currently the host of the new YTV/Disney XD television game show, Japanizi: Going, Going, Gong!.
He appeared in 88 films between 1923 and 1950.
She attended Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts to learn ballet, but then switched to Central School of Speech and Drama to studying acting instead.
Kelly's Acting Career started in 1984 playing Charlie Bates in Cameron Mcintosh "Oliver" and after finishing was asked to join Sylvia Youngs Theatre school.
In 2011, Mantle appeared in Coronation Street as the mother of Colin Fishwick whose identity was taken by John Stape.
In 1881, he was decorated with the cross of the Legion of Honour.
Jeremy Spenser is a British former actor.
Lai Lok-yi is an actor from Hong Kong.
Piers Fredrick Alexander Flint-Shipman was a British actor.
His last film role was the King of the Land of Legend in the 1940 Alexander Korda production The Thief of Bagdad.
She had made references to her nickname "Lady K" in the album titles "Lady K Live" and "Lady K: Transformation".
Karin Kavli was a Swedish film actress.
Alec Fraser was born Alec Fraser Smith in Cupar, Scotland.
He appeared in more than 110 films between 1947 and 1991, and directed four films.
He played the dim-witted odd-job man, Trevor Short from 1989–1990.
He was born Hiroumi Yoshikawa and at the time used Enraku as his stage name.
Claire Guyot is a French actress and singer, known for her prolific dubbing of foreign productions.
Chang Hsiao-yen; born 11 August 1948) is a Taiwanese television host and actress.
Her first film was Roman Polanski's Macbeth.
Li Xiuming is a mainland Chinese film actress.
After finishing her degree, Frida attended the theater university in Malmö.
David loved nature, and as an enthusiastic New Yorker, spent many happy hours in Central Park.
However, "Inuit" is not accepted as a term for the Yupik, and "Eskimo" is the only term that includes Yupik, Iñupiat and Inuit.
Aw garnered critical appreciation for portraying flawed actress, Zhao Fei Er, in The Dream Makers and its 2015 sequel.
Courtney Phillip was born in London, England.
Karin Inger Monica Nilsson is a Swedish actress and singer.
He also has characteristic hyper-extendable fingers, which can be observed when he has his palms open and his fingers outstretched.
He is the younger brother of the actor Kinnosuke Yorozuya.
Recently, he appeared in one episode of The Inbetweeners as Roy, Will's neighbour.
Ryosei Konishi, February 20, 1982) is a Japanese actor and voice actor.
He has appeared in television dramas such as Families and The Bill.
Megan Pearson is a British actress who is best known for playing Jean Tate in ITV's Emmerdale.
She had a heart condition and was scheduled for a pacemaker operation.
He won the award for best supporting actor at the 15th Hochi Film Award for Rōnin-gai.
He has appeared in all of Tsai Ming-liang's feature films.
She appeared in nine films between, 1922 and 1927.
She is also very active in promoting environmental protection.
He was born Arvid Evald Gyllström in Annedal, Gothenburg, Sweden and died in Hollywood, California.
Her best-known films were Cottage to Let and Jamaica Inn.
Natasha Dervill O'Keeffe is an English stage, television and movie actress.
He was married to music hall actress Doreen Monte.
Caryn Richman is an actress who primarily appeared in television series in the 1980s and early 1990s.
Brady grew up in the seaside town of Blackpool, Lancashire.
She made a guest appearance in One Night in 2012.
He is a former Johnny's Jr. member, and is no longer represented by Johnny & Associates.
He was previously affiliated with Gekidan Subaru.
He is the brother of actor/model Michael Wong.
He was nominated for the Academy Award for Costume Design for his work in the jidaigeki film Ugetsu.
Wilfred Lau Ho-Lung is a Hong Kong singer and actor.
From 2004 to 2010, Zhang ranked in the Top 5 of Forbes China Celebrity 100 list every year.
Vane appeared in more than fifty films during the silent era including the lead in When It Was Dark.
Carly's character was best friends with Sonia Jackson and Martin Fowler in the soap.
He has played the roles of Chris Travis in Heartbeat, Andy Murphy in Casualty, and Kieran Tyler in Tea with Betty, an Afternoon Play in 2006.
Her interment was located at Chapel of the Pines Crematory in Los Angeles, California.
Geneviève Sorya was a French stage and film actress.
He is the lead guitarist for the rock group Cocoa Otoko., and is represented by the Japanese agency Hirata Office.
Lu Rui En, better known by her stage name Rui En, is a Singaporean actress and singer.
Fred Emney died in Bognor Regis, Sussex on Christmas Day 1980.
Oguchi made a photographic essay of his wife in the book Made in Love in 1989.
Jan Erik Lindqvist was a Swedish actor.
He voiced Scar in the Swedish dub of The Lion King.
Tan Kheng Seong, better known by his stage name Ah Niu, is a Malaysian Chinese singer in Malaysia and Singapore.
Anne-Louise, Mlle de Fleury, later Mme d'Avaugour, married Anne Errard, marquis d'Avaugour.
Frank Tennant was a British actor of the silent era.
In 2005, she made her debut acting appearance in the popular television series The Story of Tracy Beaker as Alice.
American entertainment critic Derek Elley named Lin as "Taiwan's TV Drama Queen".
The band played several gigs across the UK and at summer festivals such as Glastonbury.
Lesley Brook was a British film actress.
His hobbies were anything mechanical, electrical and optical, giving him the knowledge to invent his own camera for taking moving pictures.
She was diagnosed with uterine cancer during the late 2000s, but continued to act sporadically.
He was married to actress Yuki Uchida from 2002 to 2005.
His daughter is the actress Georgina Moon.
Her mom forged her unbreakable bond with music.
She married Wallace Douglas in 1953 and died in 1956 of leukemia aged 35.
Kantarō Suga was a leading Japanese actor.
Tony D'Amario was a French actor best known for his role as K2 in Banlieue 13.
For the similarly named actress born in 1934, see Erin O'Brien.
Now in 2010 he is playing the lead role of St George in Calder High's pace egg.
Cheng released his debut EP, Sing a Song, in October 2009.
In 1991 he appeared in a second major Bleasdale drama series, G.B.H..
Although her last film role was in 2005, she officially announced her retirement from acting in 2007.
He moved with his family to Tyresö, Sweden in 1990 when his father found work as a professor at the Royal Institute of Technology.
The film was shot in Beijing and Taiwan and was released in June 6, 2014.
They had a son, Patrick and a daughter, the actress Siobhan Hewlett.
As a stage actor Woodruff has worked with numerous theatre companies including Sheffield Crucible and Oxfordshire Theatre Company [1].
Solveig Ternström is a Swedish actress and was Centre Party politician.
Keith-Johnston was born in London, the son of Robert Keith-Johnston and Jessy Macfie, and was a prominent actor of the stage.
In 1946, Belita married Joel McGinnis; they divorced in 1956.
Stéphane Ferrara is a French actor and boxer.
Chung Chun-to, known by his stage name Kenny Bee, is a Hong Kong singer and actor.
She played Lauren Cooper's French teacher in a sketch on The Catherine Tate Show.
He also worked extensively as a voice actor, dubbing Chinese films into English.
Bould graduated with a first class degree from Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts, having earlier attended the National Youth Theatre.
Travers appeared in a number of films made by Astra Films.
She was nominated in 2011 for Best Newcomer at the Fosters Edinburgh Comedy Awards for her debut solo show, Lady Cariad's Characters.
Her real name is Shoko Ichiji née Egami.
Liu Yifei, birth name An Feng, legal name Liu Ximeizi, also known as Crystal Liu, is a Chinese actress, model and singer.
Iain McKee is an English actor best known for his role as Frank Gadney in BBC1 drama series Lilies and Michael in BBC sitcom The Visit.
Sophie Duniam, also known as Soddy SilverAndBold, is a British actress, dancer and model.
Chiu Chi Ling is an actor that appears mostly in Kung Fu style movies produced in Hong Kong.
His Sunday Star column, Playing The Fool, which he began in April 2001, ran for only two instalments before it was cancelled.
He was long-time head of the Japan Actors Union.
Michiyo Kogure was a Japanese film actress.
Steiner has recently contributed to DVD extras on some of his films and given interviews about his Italian work.
Recently she has played the recurring character of Martha Hope in Holby City.
She won the award for best actress at the 45th Blue Ribbon Awards for Hush!.
Hartman presented a travel programme shown on Travel Channel, Cruising to the Northern Lights.
She has been married to Toshiaki Karasawa since 1995.
He emigrated to the USA in 1921 and went on to a successful career on the Broadway stage.
She was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States and died in Santa Ana, California.
Akihisa Shiono is a Japanese actor and model who is affiliated with Oscar Promotion.
In 1986, she played Anna, a 19-year-old pregnant German girl, in the Only Fools and Horses episode "From Prussia With Love".
Next, Lopes starred as a sociopath drug-deranged murderer named Luck in Tomaselli's second film Horror.
He wrote 'Out of the Cage' a play about women munition workers in the First World War in 2013/14.
He was a stepfather to actress Johanna Sällström.
She used to run her own drama workshops for children called Active Arts with Amanda Jordan, a home educator and former theatre director.
Harold Warrender was a British film actor.
Moses Chan Ho is an actor from Hong Kong.
He also played percussion on Toploader's album Onka's Big Moka.
Connie Emerald was a British stage actress.
He ended his professional life teaching English and French at St. Bernard's School in New York, as well as directing the annual Shakespeare Play there.
Helen Blatch was a British actress, mostly seen on television.
He was signed by his management company at 14 and has been signed by Sony Music Taiwan since 2006.
Wan has worked for TVB and CCTV.
He portrayed the character of Sean Reynolds in Emmerdale from 1999 to 2002.
Mado Maurin died of natural causes on 8 December 2013, aged 98, in Paris.
From 1994 to 2001, she was a member of the pop duo ASOS with her younger sister Dee Hsu.
He has appeared in more than 20 films and television shows since 1970.
Danny Chan Kwok-kwan is a Hong Kong actor, dance choreographer, and lead singer of the rock band, Poet.
Before working in entertainment, Lam held other occupations, including serving in the Hong Kong Police Force for a short time.
She is the daughter of film director and actor Victor Sjöström and actress Edith Erastoff-Sjöström.
He was a comedian in this great red coat, and under that grey, horned hat, decked out with a butterfly!
Later in his career, he appeared as a secondary actor in many Toei films.
She appeared in the 1935 film Fighting Stock.
Aside from acting, she was also reportedly active in business and politics.
Patrick Chesnais is a French actor, film director and screenwriter.
Inoue's main claim to fame in the tarento circles is her bustline.
That union ended in divorce in 1905.
Recently he expanded his career from modeling to acting.
He dated Tang Wei since 1995 and split shortly before both graduated from the Central Academy of Drama in 2002.
She appeared in the movies Blue, Cutie Honey and Memories of Matsuko.
That role, along with a similar "nagging wife" role in Robert Siodmak's The Suspect, caused some in Hollywood to dub her "Ivan the Terrible".
Eva Sayer is a British actress, best known for playing Cindy Williams in EastEnders in 2007.
Tanaka is well known for his roles in Kinji Fukasaku's yakuza films, namely the Battles Without Honor and Humanity series.
His film credits include Quills with Kate Winslet and Joaquin Phoenix and the award winning short film Private Lives.
She is the daughter of the actor Cecil Trouncer.
Benjamin has also appeared on the TV shows 3 Non-Blondes and Twisted Tales.
She has had a recurring role as Virena in the Swedish detictive film series Hassel.
Her first film was in an adaptation of Silas Marner.
His first starring role was in the tokusatsu television series Madan Senki Ryukendo in 2006.
She appeared in 27 films between 1931 and 1968.
Jessica Kate Brooks is an English actress.
He married actress Maaike Jansen in 1966.
Ken Mitsuda was a Japanese film actor.
His older brother is voice actor Kōzō Shioya.
She was portrayed by Arlene Dahl in Three Little Words.
He is most notable as one of the young talents in the 1990s music scene.
Wilfred attended St. Joseph's Primary School, a boys' school for his primary education, which he was schoolmate of Priscilla Chan's younger brother.
In 2016 he appeared in the BBC series The Coroner episode 2.4 "The Beast of Lighthaven" as Ben Fairhead
Larsson died in his residence in Solna in 2009.
Yang Lina, also known as Lina Yang, was a Singaporean actress whose credits included dramas such as Samsui Women and An Ode To Life.
Gina’s past celebrity endorsement deals include KILAUEA FIRE as seen in the Hawaiian Airlines’ HANA HOU MAGAZINE and a 2010 CALENDAR by Hilton Hawaiian Village.
Several years before his death, Purvis became quadriplegic after breaking his neck in a car accident.
She has appeared in Vital Signs, and in EastEnders as Nina Brown.
the daughter of Henry D. Lauchlan, a surgeon and his Scottish-born wife Minnie.
Annie Esmond was a British stage and film actress.
She works at theatres and participates in TV series.
Bennison is originally from Hull in Yorkshire.
He is best known for his performance role as Gai Ikari/Gokai Silver in the 2011 Super Sentai series Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger.
Bešlagić and Bosnian actor Milan Pavlović portrayed the comedy duo Mujo and Haso in the 2004 skit-comedy film Mujo & Haso Superstars.
and provides improvised 'interpretative dance' accompaniment for readings of horror novels and the poetry of Danielle Steel at Robin Ince's Book Club.
She has also acted in radio plays, e.g.
Gilbert Frankau, poet and novelist, struck-up a platonic friendship with Rowlands, and described this friendship in his book Self Portrait: A Novel of His Own Life.
He appeared in more than 70 films between 1968 and 2012.
She appeared in the Palme d'Or-winning 2009 film The White Ribbon.
His parents were the Reverend Frederick Charles Lloyd and his wife Mary Florence, née Cox.
Dion Lam is a Hong Kong action choreographer and actor.
In the early 1970s, he opened a school which attracted many celebrities, athletes and performers.
She gave up a career as a star to appear in Story of a Beloved Wife and became the mistress of the director Kaneto Shindo.
Li Lili was a Chinese film actress and singer.
Jonathan Philip "Jon" Glover is an English actor.
Serena Fang is an actress and commercial model from Taiwan.
Tanveer Ghani is a British Asian actor.
Natasha Williams is a British-based Jamaican actress.
Harry Agar Lyons was an Irish-born British actor.
In 2009, she made a major appearance, portraying Mia Stone in the TV series of Half Moon Investigations.
Antoinette Thérèse Elfforss, née Öberg,, was a Swedish actress and theatre director.
She was born in Lovö, Sweden and died in Täby.
Jesseca Liu is a Malaysia-born Singapore-based singer and actress.
He also became a favourite of famed Italian filmmaker Tinto Brass, featuring in Salon Kitty, the infamous Caligula, Action, and Paprika.
He also appeared in the Doctor Who episode Attack of the Cybermen in 1985.
Ann Stephens was a British child actress and singer, popular in the 1940s.
She played in director Ingmar Bergman's debut Crisis and did many other movies in her native Sweden.
Aaron Kwok Fu-shing is a Hong Kong singer, dancer and actor.
Melvil Poupaud is a French actor, author and filmmaker.
Nicholas Selby was a British film, television and theatre actor.
Min Tanaka is a Japanese actor and dancer.
A popular singer, she has 3 million followers on Facebook and over 47 million fans on the Chinese portal Sina Weibo.
Ivy Lee is a Singaporean former actress and host.
Puke Fiction, was shown in competition at the Ritzy Cinema in Brixton and won the Electric Pavilion Award, for Best Film, awarded by the Halloween Society.
He also appears in the Garo series Garo: Goldstorm Sho as the main antagonist Jinga.
For example, in 1965 he prominently guest-starred as Stalag Luft Kommandant Colonel Max Richter in the two-part episode "P.O.W."
He was known through his versatile singing in Project SuperStar.
She also began a singing career with her debut album Swallow, and has since released 7 albums.
She started her acting career in 2002, with the film Blue Gate Crossing.
He appeared in 60 films between 1941 and 1987.
He also stars in the 2009 British film New Town Killers, an action thriller for which Pearson performed most of his own stunts.
He appeared in more than 70 films and television shows between 1943 and 1969.
Her most recent designs are featured at Älskling, on Columbus Avenue, New York City; a block from where she lives in an apartment overlooking Central Park.
Suzuki made a brief appearance as a dancer in the video for the song O!
Miriam Yeung, is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
Kerrie Taylor is a British actress who was born in 1973 in Romsey, Hampshire.
Song Dandan is a popular Chinese skit and sitcom actress.
Utaemon II abandoned his name in 1790; and he performed as Nakamura Tōzō for the rest of his life.
Along with Kim Anderzon, he co-hosted the 27th Guldbagge Awards.
He has appeared on television in Spooks: Code 9 as Jez, Prime Suspect, Casualty, City Lights, Judge John Deed and Babyfather.
He studied medicine at the University of Lund in the 1970s.
Dario started the 3 year acting BA at Itaila Conti Drama School.
Junzaburō Ban was a Japanese comedian and actor.
She has also appeared in three films, Danny, the Champion of the World, Champions and The Missionary.
Shofukutei Tsurube II, Shōfukutei Tsurube), born Manabu Suruga is an actor and rakugo comedian from Japan.
Kerstin Anita Wall, is a Swedish stage and film actress.
He is a former member of South Korean-Chinese boy band EXO and its subgroup EXO-M under S.M.
Lollipop signed under the label Gold Typhoon and Channel [V] Taiwan in 2006.
He was married to actress Marianne Gyllenhammar.
He played the title character in the BBC Radio serial Paul Temple between 1946 and 1953.
Gronberg was a versatile stage personality of his day, performing as a singer, variety artist, actor, in musical shows and in dramatic productions.
Lou Gish was an English stage, film and television actress.
On stage, Sachak's has appeared in Ayub Khan-Din's production of East Is East at the Octagon Theatre, Bolton, in 2005.
On 24 April 2009, Fong and Kary Ng appeared at the Melbourne Arts Center for their 2009 Melbourne show.
Soh worked for TVB during its Golden Age, joining in 1974, and was most notable for her role in Looking Back in Anger.
Returning to the UK, he worked for Ned Sherrin and David Frost, and then began a lifelong association with Barry Humphries as a writer and director.
Kate Yeung is an Hong Kong actress and singer.
Kohei Murakami is a Japanese actor from Tokyo.
Initially a model, her looks took her into film and television roles.
His television roles include the sound/studio engineer in Shoestring.
She also appeared in several films and TV productions.
Minehiro Kinomoto is a Japanese stage and television actor from Shiga Prefecture.
He was married to Lola Harvey, who co-wrote a number of films with him.
Jen Chia-Hsüan, more commonly credited as Selina, is a member of the Taiwanese girl group S.H.E.
Lau is best known for the films he made in the 1970s and 1980s for the Shaw Brothers Studio.
As a director he was responsible for Prisoner Cell Block H, The Tomorrow People, and the children's series T-Bag of which he was also a producer.
He has had several small parts in television and stage productions.
Anita Lindblom is a Swedish actress and singer.
Toshiaki Karasawa) is a Japanese theatre and film actor.
Kane is married to British actress and former glamour model Linda Lusardi; the couple have two children.
He has been with the Helsingborg City Theatre's permanent ensemble since 1992.
Éléonore Gosset is a French actress, born in 1977.
He is specialised in action and Chinese Kung Fu performance.
Heathcote was also a regular actor in BBC radio drama, notably in several series of Paul Temple.
Palmyre Levasseur was a French stage and film actress.
It was a revial of a popular production he had appeared in during in 2014.
In 2005 Kerrie filmed her final scenes with the ITV drama after she decided it was to be her last series.
She played Kaori Minami in Battle Royale.
She was raised in the Vaucluse neighborhood of Sydney, Australia, her family having moved there because her father was the Italian consul.
After her father died in 1953, she went to work as a singer and then as a burlesque dancer.
Margot Boyd, born Beryl Billings, was an English stage, television and radio actress.
In the summer of 1919, he contracted a form of malarial fever, and died in Winnipeg on 9 October 1919.
He is buried in the Field Of Honour in Brookside Cemetery, Winnipeg.
He is a member of Les Inconnus trio of humorists.
After the interview Chan signed a contract with Sony BMG and began his music career.
After the death of her husband in 1997, a family friend lured her back on stage for a play he was producing.
Ernst Harry Ingemar Günther was a Swedish actor.
She trained at East 15 Acting School, and has appeared in many theatre roles.
Along with his romantic partner, Micheál Mac Liammóir, Edwards co-founded the Gate Theatre in Dublin.
While surveying the situation at the refugee camp, she spent time with several families and helped distribute food aid.
Candy Yuen Ka-man is a Hong Kong actress and presenter.
She also works as director in TV and at Stockholm City Theatre.
Her acting debut was in 1908 on the London stage at Aldwych Theatre.
Samuel Hui Kwun-kit, usually known as Sam Hui, is a Hong Kong musician, singer, songwriter and actor.
Ni Ping is a mainland Chinese film actress and TV host.
As this trip took place prior to the liberalization of foreign travel, it was then considered to be a valuable trip to Hollywood.
Gilbert Lam Wai San is a Hong Kong actor formerly with TVB and ATV actor
As a singer she who has enjoyed substantial popularity in Hong Kong and other countries, particularly during the 1970s and 1980s.
Adamsdale has since created several new shows: The Receipt, The Human Computer, and The Summer House.
The school is served by the Ming Dao high school bus station.
Katharine Levy is a British actress and television producer.
Masatō Ibu) is a Japanese actor and voice actor.
She graduated from the National Academy Superieur of Dramatic art in 2003.
You is a Japanese model, television personality, singer and actress.
Ishino has also attended in Horikoshi High School with the idol singer Yukiko Okada.
He is the husband of Lady Sarah Chatto, the daughter of Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, and niece of Queen Elizabeth II.
He has since worked extensively in British theatre and on screen.
She acted from a fairly early age.
Wan Kwong, born Lui Minkwong, is a singer from Hong Kong, known as the "The Temple Street Prince".
He also had a role in East Is East playing eldest son Nazir Khan.
She also provided the voice for Malice: A Kat's Tale.
Kate Baines is an actress, born in Doncaster, England.
This coincided with a dark period his life, when his earlier health problems came back to haunt him.
He is also the co-author and illustrator of several children's books.
He plays many musical instruments including the guitar, bass, drums and the piano.
He played John Coleman who was the newly appointed Station Officer.
Ajay is Artistic Director of Nutkhut and founder of the London Mela, Europe's largest South Asian festival.
After his death in September 1693, she became a mistress of Louis de Bourbon, Dauphin of France and had three daughters by him:
He also made a cameo appearance in Chow's Shaolin Soccer as a hapless soccer player.
He began a school in France to provide drivers and mechanics with the specialized skills needed for stunt work.
Dayo's latest talk show was performed on October 2014.
It was reported that Tina is now working in the office of a London college.
In 1877 he was appointed professor of dramatic declamation at the Conservatoire de Paris.
He explained that he was not informed to stay behind for any interview.
In 1991 she landed a significant supporting role, playing Beverly Armitage in the comedy series Lazarus and Dingwall which aired on BBC2.
This show was nominated for 8 awards at the Asian Television Awards 2015.
Idy Chan Yuk Lin is a popular Hong Kong TV actress, especially during the 1980s.
Petra Nielsen is a Swedish singer and actress.
Gillian Blake, Buckingham, England is a retired British actress who became well known in the early 1970s as Dora in Follyfoot.
His children were film actors Rolf Botvid and Gerd Botvid.
She trained at the Rank Organisation's The Company of Youth.
In 1973 she was in the film version of Never Mind the Quality: Feel the Width.
Déborah Perret is a French voice actress.
He appeared in 24 films between 1914 and 1930.
She lives in Devon where she has a successful career as an artist.
Ma is currently under the management of TVB.
He appeared in many stage productions, including A Midsummer's Night Dream, and toured with the Royal Shakespeare Company.
Langhorn Burton was a British film actor.
Matsuzaki appeared in Clint Eastwood's Letters from Iwo Jima and in The Pink Panther 2 where he portrayed Kenji Mazuto, a technology "wiz-kid".
Brody is a contributor to Online Review London and the author of a number of short stories.
The programme ran for 21 episodes in July 2007.
In 2005, he returned to China and starred as Zhan Zhao in the television series Young Justice Bao III.
Torén died at the age of 31 from a cerebral hemorrhage.
Jamie Borthwick is an English actor best known for playing Jay Brown in the BBC soap Eastenders.
Alexander Nathan Etel is an English actor most widely known for his lead role in the 2007 film The Water Horse: Legend of the Deep.
He is often credited by his Cantonese stage name Lau Wing.
She trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama.
Yōko Matsuyama is a Japanese actress best known for her work in the Crimson Bat series.
Her mother is the singer Mari Henmi.
She is referred to as MediaCorp's "Ah Jie" together with Zoe Tay and Xiang Yun for being among the first locally trained artistes.
Pu Cunxin, also known as Pu Quanxin, is a Chinese actor who has served as Chairman of China Theatre Association since July 2015.
Konoe's sons Hiroki Matsukata and Yūki Meguro are actors.
Jacky Heung Cho is a Hong Kong actor.
Renée Faure was a French stage and film actress.
Fletcher appeared on the stage in 1927 and made his Broadway debut in 1929.
Nancy Wu is a Hong Kong actress contracted to TVB.
Jacques Pills was a French singer and actor, born René Jacques Ducos.
She is best known to Western audiences for her portrayal of "Mariko" in the 1980 miniseries Shōgun.
Kenny was also featured in Sun Boy'z' new song, 3+1=1 in their second album All For 1.
He played the fish shop man in First of the Summer Wine.
Barbara Durkin is an English actress who trained at the Manchester Polytechnic School of Theatre.
In the 1970s she was one of the busiest backup singers in Sweden, both live and in recordings.
After being active in several other Swedish theatres, she heads the Västerbotten theatre since 2005.
He rose to fame for his role in Zhang Yimou's film The Love of the Hawthorn Tree.
But after four years Murphy divorced, and subsequently he returned to school to study law.
Allmusic described her as "an exuberant comic actor and lively singer and dancer".
He has since moved on to appear in ITV's Where the Heart Is.
He was also appeared on Jackanory several times, usually narrating stories about the Wombles.
after he had totally destroyed a van with gelignite.
Wall performed the role of Brooke Wyndham in the West End production of Legally Blonde.
In 2006 Richard narrated Film4's 50 Films to See Before You Die.
Natsuki Okamoto is a Japanese fashion model and actress.
She works for the Television Art center of the People's Liberation Army Air Force.
Grout was married to Noreen, whom he had known since his school days.
He is also known for the role of Sean Kennedy in Channel 4's popular soap opera Hollyoaks.
Moustafa was born in Xanthi, in northern Greece, and moved to the United Kingdom with his parents Aptoulah & Kadrie when he was 5 years old.
She holds a Bachelor's in Business Administration.
Fan topped the Forbes China Celebrity 100 list in 2013, 2014 and 2015, after ranking in the top 10 every year since 2006.
She played opposite both Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.
He was trained at Mountview Theatre Academy.
She was a model under an exclusive contract with Kanebo Cosmetics for many years.
Her final appearance was in the 1946 prisoner-of-war drama The Captive Heart.
She was born in Oslo, Norway and died in Rådmansö, Sweden.
Zhou MiApril 19, 1986) is a Chinese singer, actor, songwriter, presenter, MC and radio DJ based in South Korea and China.
Bii is a Taiwanese singer, songwriter, and actor.
Her last role was in the second season of Perfect Cut, in which she portrayed a wealthy, lonely woman who was dying from AIDS.
Jack Neo, PBM, is a Singaporean film and television actor, host and director.
Colin Maitland is an English actor who has made several film and television appearances.
Trisha Clarke is a British actress, best known for her role as barmaid Geneviève in the 1970s BBC drama series Secret Army.
He appeared in Judge John Deed in 2001, playing Paul Bailey.
Her siblings, Simon and Harriet Harrison are also in the acting profession.
He is best known for his roles as policemen or military officers in many films and television series he acted in.
Rayner's mother is American and father is English and also holds a dual citizenship for the UK and the United States.
His father is Erik Hjalmar Linder and his son is Olle Linder.
He was the choreographer for one of AKB48's biggest hits: "Koisuru Fortune Cookie".
She worked as a secretary before walking-on and understudying at the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon.
Dylan Kuo is a Taiwanese actor, singer and model.
In the 1920s he attended The Royal College of Music and then The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
He made his debut in 2002 with the television series Starry Starry Night.
While she was married, she went into semi-retirement, enjoyed being a mother, and pursued interests in arts and crafts, primarily embroidery and clay sculpture.
Tony Hung Wing-sing is a Hong Kong TVB actor and host.
On December 21, 2009, Han filed a lawsuit against SME to terminate his contract, citing that the 13-year contract was unlawful, overly restrictive, and unfair.
Endy Chow Kwok Yin is a Hong Kong singer & composer.
Kary Ng is a pop rock singer in Hong Kong.
He was a cast member on the television series Grange Hill, playing the role of Mark Jenkins, from 1995 to 1996.
She completed the 2011 Lavaman Triathlon in Anaehoomalu Bay, Hawaii.
She is now a presenter on Nippon Television's morning programme Zip!.
Daughter of the famous Swedish novelist and playwright Hjalmar Söderberg.
She is best known for her long recurring role as Joyce Jowett in the long running ITV show Heartbeat.
In 2008, he attended the University of Oxford, where he read Chinese at Pembroke College.
His family is originally from Kingston, Jamaica.
Chatto appeared mostly in films, including Oscar Wilde in which he played the Clerk of Arraigns.
Puff Kuo is a Taiwanese model, actress, singer and the youngest member of Taiwanese girl group Dream Girls.
He retired from the stage in 1830.
He had a number of roles, including the King of Wongo in Wild Women of Wongo in 1958.
For other people named Christopher Lee, see Christopher Lee.
He was the husband of stage and screen actress Violet Lamb
Kenneth Tsang Kong is a Hong Kong actor.
She is the sister of the actress Alexandra Lamy.
He also was Yousuke the disc jockey in the movie Dear Friends, where he was reunited with Keiko Kitagawa.
Charlie Kemp is a British actor who is best remembered for playing the young character Max King in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale in 2005.
He is one of Mediacorp's few artistes still active from the "black and white" era.
Deborah Makepeace was a British television actress.
Wood has appeared in a large number of American films, due to filming taking place partly or entirely in Britain.
He had a well built physique despite doing no weight training.
David Niven Jr., is a British film producer and film actor, with stints as an executive at Paramount Pictures and Columbia Pictures.
Michelle Ferre's first acting experience was opposite Jackie Chan in the 1998 Hong Kong martial arts film Who Am I?.
Romeo Tan is an actor and a contracted artiste under MediaCorp.
Having initially entered the Merchant Navy, he won an ex-Serviceman's scholarship to train at RADA.
She has won 29 awards, the record number for a performer, at Mediacorp's Star Awards.
Tokuko Takagi, February 15, 1891 – March 30, 1919) was a Japanese dancer and actress in early silent films.
Kuroki was the voice of Helen Parr/Elastigirl/Mrs.
Amongst other roles he has had movie parts in Wilt, Absolute Beginners, Made in Britain and another long stint in the children's TV show Thinkabout.
His name is well known across Taiwan, Hong Kong, Southeast Asia and mainland China.
Stig Gunnar Lasseby was a Swedish animator, director and producer.
Wall won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 2008.
She is the daughter of producer T. Leslie Jackson and the sister of fellow producer Paul Jackson.
It was in his second visit that he landed a role in a film re-make of the Patty Duke Show.
At the 14th Guldbagge Awards she won the award for Best Actress for her role in Games of Love and Loneliness.
He died of subdural hematoma at a hospital in Tokyo, Japan, on January 14, 2011, at the age of 70.
Richie Jen Hsien-chi is a Taiwanese singer and actor.
She is unusual in Japan in that she is willing to appear on television, as professional doctors are generally hesitant to appear.
Since then, he has diversified into hosting and theatre production.
Jacqueline Boyer is a French singer and actress.
He again returned to the screen in 1995 in Makoto Shinozaki's Okaeri, and appeared in Suzuki's Pistol Opera.
She often worked with director Alexander Korda.
She began acting at a young age, and had a long career as an actress and reciter.
He is perhaps best-remembered as the storyteller at a party in Alfred Hitchcock's Dial M for Murder.
He married actress Hoyan Mok in 2008, They have one daughter.
She appeared in more than twenty films since 1959.
He is now known by a great number of people in mainland China.
She's also aunt to fellow actor Vinci Wong.
Fiona Lewis is a British actress and writer from Westcliff-on-Sea, Essex.
John Shum Kin-Fun is a Hong Kong actor and film producer.
She has a degree in Theatre Studies and Dramatic Art from the University of Warwick.
Miki Sugimoto is a Japanese actress best known for her roles in the sukeban subgenre of Toei's action/erotic form of "pink film" known as Pinky Violence.
She won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 1974.
Lifetime Achievement Award in 2015 and the RTHK Hall of Fame Award in 2016.
Carl Gustaf Hammarsten is a Swedish film, television and theatre actor.
Ron Ng Cheuk-hei is a Hong Kong TVB actor, singer, professional dancer and model.
His first drama as a contracted artist with the station was "Inbound Troubles", playing the supporting role Sung Wai-chiu.
This became a pattern, in that he was cast as the villain in the majority of his movies, with Martial Club being a famous exception.
Rino Higa is a Japanese gravure idol, television and film actress, singer and voice actress.
He has appeared in Trial & Retribution, Birds of a Feather, A Touch of Frost and Black Books.
As of 2016, Fong still holds several Hong Kong swimming records.
Betty Zhou is a Chinese actress, singer, producer, sports commentator and television host.
Noriko Aoyama is a former model and a Japanese actress.
Following the run of Chef!, Griffiths has had recurring characters on British soap operas.
She is the 76th generation descendant of Confucius.
Her most remembered role are "Chunmiao" in Xie Jin's Chunmiao and "Princess Peacock".
She dropped out of Wayo Women's University.
Amita Emmanuelle Dhiri is an Anglo-Indian actress.
In 2008, Zhu represented Paris to participate in Miss Chinese International Pageant and got first in place in the contest.
Sven Morgan Andersson was a Swedish actor.
On television he has appeared in ITV police drama The Bill; Horizon; Nobody’s Hero; Sorry and the BBC’s production of Pinocchio.
Sunny Chan Kam-hung is a Hong Kong television and film actor.
He is best known for his roles in films such as Infernal Affairs and Initial D.
Ernst Peter Jurgen Schildt is a Swedish actor, screenwriter, film director, theatre director, etc.
Mohamed Said, is a Swedish actor of Iraqi parentage.
Hung voluntarily left university to pursue a music career.
Together, they created several successful TV-shows and farces, which Classon wrote and sometimes even directed, while he had one of the leading roles.
Jean Sinoël, often known simply as Sinoël, was a French actor and singer.
Among many honors, Morishige received the Order of Culture from the Emperor of Japan in 1991.
He was the father of actresses Catherine Deneuve and Françoise Dorléac.
Chen received the All-Time Favourite Artiste Award at the Star Awards 20 after being voted as the Top 10 Most Popular Male Artistes for 10 years.
James Anthony Pearson is a British actor who lives in Glasgow.
She also toured Britain in Billy Liar in the role of Florence Boothroyd and performed at the National Theatre in The Voysey Inheritance.
She was born in Bristol, on 31 March 1919 as Amelia Ellen Bayntun and died in Islington, London in January 1988, aged 68.
In recognition of his new publications recently, the READ Singapore Bridges also appointed Chen as their Ambassador.
Ted Lune was a British actor, best known for portraying Private Len Bone in the TV series The Army Game.
He attended Calder High School, where he studied for his GCSEs and A Levels, and also attends Calderdale Theatre School.
Ittoku Kishibe is a Japanese actor and musician.
Leanne Li Yanan, is a Chinese-born Canadian actress and television host.
She also starred in the BBC film Smart Money, Strapless with Bridget Fonda, Chicago Joe and the Showgirl with Kiefer Sutherland and Emily Lloyd, Bullseye!
Grout was born in London, the son of Beatrice Anne and William Grout.
Her surname is sometimes spelled as Jen.
In the 1980 film Death Watch, her English dialogue was dubbed by Julie Christie.
After winning the 1st runner up at Hong Kong ATV's 2005 Mr. Asia Contest, he returned to Japan to finish his schooling.
She has two daughters with her husband, Edmund So, from Grasshopper.
Following the Slump of 1924, in which the number of British films released sharply declined, she moved to Germany.
Lin Li-hui, better known by her stage name Shu Qi, is a Taiwanese actress and model.
The second series was broadcast from 2 December 2011 and the 3rd series was broadcast from December 2013.
He graduated from The Hong Kong Academy For Performing Arts in 2003 with First Honors in Bachelor of Arts majoring in acting.
He was part of the boy band Comic Boyz and winner of Taiwanese Golden Bell Awards for Best Supporting Actor.
He hosted the popular Super Trio series and has played some notable roles in some dramas such as No Regrets as a Japanese general.
From 2008 to 2010 he was a member of Superband.
Meagher is perhaps best known in Britain for the role of Ruth Beckett in the 1984 BBC nuclear war drama Threads.
Ho wanted to be a football player at the University but he failed to qualify for the role.
Violet Graham was an English stage and film actress.
Born in Beijing, she moved to British Hong Kong in 1987 and came to public attention in the early 1990s by singing ballads in Cantonese.
Andrew Hall is an English actor and director.
After the family returned to England he was sent to school at Saint Lawrence College, Ramsgate, Kent from 1910 to 1914.
Pow has an official fan club called Shanetics and is one of the 7 Dukes of Mediacorp.
Born in Stockholm to Einar Ruud and Inez Engström, she began her career in 1938, and appeared in 140 films.
Per Johan "John" Hilding Elfström was a Swedish film actor who appeared in over 120 films.
Louis Koo is a Hong Kong film actor.
He is the first Asian American rapper to be signed to a major record label in the United States.
Lasseby was born in Gällivare and was educated as a teacher of drawing.
She was educated at Blue Coats School in Oldham and the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama, having not been accepted on her first attempt.
Kwok earned 130 million HKD in 2014.
Machiko Washio is a Japanese actress who works in both live action as well as voice over work for anime.
Among these are Shelley, in which she appeared alongside Hywel Bennett, and later the part of Fern Farmer in five's soap opera Family Affairs.
She official debuted as actress in 2010.
This combined two of Connor's favourite pastimes, filming and football.
She has appeared in more than 25 films and television shows since 1962.
She won the Golden Horse Awards three times in the 1970s.
She joined the revue in 1983 and resigned in 1997.
In later years she owned, and cooked in, the Spinnaker restaurant in Scilly, Kinsale, County Cork, which specialised in seafood and Mediterranean and North African food.
Metcalfe has also made appearances in the spin off show Hollyoaks Later between 2008–2012.
She died on 8 September 2010 in Paris, France.
Minna Grey was an English actress of the silent era.
The two-hander depicted a little-known October 1938 meeting between the future prime minister and Soviet spy Guy Burgess, then a young man working for the BBC.
Anita West is a British actress and former television presenter.
Sometimes credited as Dora Carlstén or Dora Söderberg-Carlstén.
Bould appeared in the West End at the London Palladium in the original Andrew Lloyd Webber production of The Sound of Music, alongside Connie Fisher.
Louise Hampton was a British stage, film and television actress.
Ellen Chaplin [married name Fitzwilliam], was an actress.
This money might give people with vision disability more opportunities.
She worked with the Pangs again on Re-cycle, which was screened at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
The couple married in 1990 and since have two children: daughter Phoebe Miu and son Murphy Miu.
In the West she is perhaps best known for starring in Wong Kar-wai's films Chungking Express and 2046.
After an impressive body of work in the early 1990s, Cheung moved into producing in 1995 with Dream Lover.
Dan Milne is a British actor/director who is possibly best known for his role in EastEnders.
That year, she won the Popularity Award at the MBC Entertainment Awards.
She married Robin Savage in Shropshire in September 2010.
She has also been featured as a guest star on the television series NYPD Blue, Law & Order and Third Watch.
In Star Awards 2016, he took the all time favourite award with Rui En.
She is currently working at a school in Sheffield as an English teacher.
She appeared in more than forty films since 1999.
Marcelle Duc, said Hélène Duc was a French actress.
She narrated the 1986 Inochi and 1989 Kasuga no Tsubone.
Born in Xi'an, the capital city of northwestern China's Shaanxi province, Allen Su had always been an excellent student since childhood.
He made his acting debut in 1986 in Kiss Me Goodbye and his singing debut in 1989.
Vicki Carpenter is a British actress and director.
He currently plays Tim Metcalfe in Coronation Street.
Lily Ho is a Hong Kong actress and former Miss Hong Kong contestant.
Simon Dutton is an English actor, best known for playing the title role of Simon Templar in a series of internationally produced television films in 1989.
Enzo Squillino Jr. is a British actor.
Race is one of the very rare few Singaporeans to have been nominated in the Hong Kong Film Awards.
and Never Mind the Quality, Feel the Width, and the glam rock film Never Too Young to Rock.
Kristy graduated from York University after completing her high school education in 1993 at Rosedale Heights School of the Arts in Toronto.
She was a jury member during the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
Burden also acted in radio plays and was known for readings of the works of authors such as T. S. Eliot and Evelyn Waugh.
Leni Lan Yan, also known by her stage name Crazybarby, is a Chinese actress, pop singer, and model.
Joan Kemp-Welch was a British stage and film actress, who later went on to become a television director.
Michiko Hamamura is a Japanese singer and actress.
From May 2015, he started playing Willy Wonka in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory the Musical in London at Theatre Royal Drury Lane.
Andrea Habay was a French film actor.
She is known for playing the role of Odile in Serial Weddings.
Nick Brimble took over the role in 2006.Stephen Marchant is an actor, known for The Tall Guy, Emmerdale and The Bill.
She is survived by her son, Fergus McLarnon.
Bernard Vaughan was a British actor of the silent era.
He has appeared in more than 50 films and television shows since 1952.
In November 2011, Ko released his debut studio album Be Yourself.
Prior to this, Bakare guested on British dramas The Bill, Casualty, and Holby City.
During her final speech she talked about her Cantonese being weak, and thus spending one year to practice and improve her Cantonese.
Kimie Shingyoji is an actress and model in Japan.
She has appeared in many television series, such as Beyond the Realm of Conscience.
He started his film career when he was first spotted by director Fruit Chan who cast him in Made in Hong Kong.
Also he acted in Taiwanese dramas and hosted television shows.
Edward Atterton is an English former actor.
She played Hilary in the television adaptation of John le Carré's Smiley's People and the role of Wilhelmina Lawson in Agatha Christie's Poirot - Dumb Witness.
The case wound up on September 11, 2007, with Julienne receiving an 18-month suspended jail sentence and a €13,000 fine.
She is known for her voice-acting role as Hermione Granger in the video game of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
He was married to actress Meta Velander until his death.
Lin Wanfang, professionally known as Wanfang, is a Taiwanese singer, actress and radio DJ.
He was married to actress Etsuko Takeuchi.
Emily Chu is a Hong Kong film actress.
Some of the many grounds he has played at include Wembley stadium and Old Trafford.
Her most famous role was as Mrs Dulcie Baxter in a play by Hubert Henry Davies, The Mollusc.
From 1994 until 2001, Harryson played antagonist Pehr Silver in the soap opera Rederiet.
Staffan Kihlbom is a Swedish actor, who appeared in the 2000 film The Beach.
Kjellin was born in Lund, Sweden and died in Los Angeles, California of a heart attack.
Chapman To, also known as To Man-chak, is a Hong Kong actor.
In his spare time, Zhu loves to sing oldies.
Dayo as a lazy office assistant in a law firm in War of the Gender, winning the My Favourite Television Character Award in 2002.
The following year she completed a teaching training course with the Institute of Education and began teaching in Hackney.
In 2013, she appeared in the BBC series Mayday, and several episodes of Coronation Street.
She hails from the city of Sydney, Australia.
In 1970, she reprised her role of Pippi in two subsequent feature films.
Other TV credits include: Two Thousand Acres of Sky, The Chinese Detective, C.A.T.S.
Hitomi Kurihara is a Japanese actress from Ibaraki Prefecture.
Aurélie Amblard is a French actress, who works both in France and in the UK.
Gull Natorp was a Swedish film actress.
He is married to actress Sara Stewart.
He is probably best known for his voice acting work, which includes voice over work for TV advertisements and animation.
Her amiable behavior and chatting have won her a good reputation and popularity as a regular on that show.
She was born Esme Woodbine Hubbard to British parents in Russia and died in Ealing, London in 1951 at age 71.
Ishibashi is known for "teasing" music artists on his show Utaban, especially Morning Musume.
She originally worked for ATV, but later moved over to TVB.
Gregory Wong Chung-yiu is a Hong Kong actor.
She is an accomplished dancer, personal trainer and 2nd Dan kickboxer with PKA kickboxing where she was an instructor.
She is also Miss Hong Kong 2005 1st runner up.
He encouraged Ragnerstam to move on to an acting course.
As a student Åström attended the Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm.
He left TVB in 2011 to join HKTV.
She was married to the French actor and screenwriter Paul Gégauff.
Samuel Kane is a British actor, who has appeared on Brookside, Coronation Street and Emmerdale.
His 1998 film Connection by Fate, directed by Wan Jen, was shown at the Venice Film Festival.
She is also an award winning photographer.
He has been cast mainly in the Super Sentai series.
He died of a heart attack at the age of 77.
Dallas Cairns was an Australian actor and director of the silent film era.
Eric Abrahamsson was a Swedish actor and comedian.
Jade Leung, born 23 November 1969 in Hong Kong as Leung Yuk-yin is a Hong Kong actress known for starring in kung fu and action films.
Lo Mang is a Hong Kong based veteran martial artist who was born as Lo Hin Lam in Hong Kong on 23 July 1956.
Her stage appearances included productions of 'Smith By Any Other Name', 'School for Scandal', 'Present Laughter', 'Butley', 'Sexual Perversions' and a number of national tours.
She was a member of the short-lived idol groups Nanatsuboshi and Rakutenshi.
Anthony Crossley, British writer and Conservative Party politician
Another famous stage sketch was "The Dentist" in which Evans played both patient and dentist, and in which he employed a large screen.
Stephen Tate is a British actor and musical theatre artist.
Selena Lee Sze-wa is a Hong Kong-born Canadian actress and former Miss Hong Kong 2003 contestant.
She debuted her singing career by releasing the self-titled EP G.E.M.
Rei Okamoto is Japanese model and actress who stars as Mia Amagishi in Akai Ito.
She was born in East Dunbartonshire in 1961 and educated at Kilsyth Academy, the local comprehensive school.
She is married to Emmerdale actor Liam Fox, who plays Dan Spencer.
Christopher Doyle, also known as Dù Kěfēng or Dou Ho-Fung, born 2 May 1952, is an Australian-Hong Kong cinematographer who often works on Chinese language films.
Lamb is the elder brother of Jerry Lamb and younger brother of singer and radio personality Sandy Lamb.
Frankenstein Conquers the World is a Japanese-American 1965 science fiction kaiju film co-produced by Toho and UPA.
He won the award for Best Actor at the 12th Hochi Film Awards for Chōchin.
He originally auditioned for the role of Mark Fowler when the series began in 1985, but the role went to David Scarboro instead.
Neville Smith is a British screenwriter and actor who has contributed to numerous television productions, radio plays and movies.
She had also appeared on Broadway in the original play, for which she received a Tony Award nomination.
Ricky Chilnady Pratama Harun better known as Ricky Harun is an Indonesian actor.
Zhang is best known for his role as "journalist Ga Yu" in the 2004 Movie Kekexili: Mountain Patrol film by Chinese director Lu Chuan.
Her agency is Nichi Park Productions, a division of Nittele Events.
Mavis did not let her mom down.
He appeared in 55 films between 1938 and 1969.
He was born in Paris, France, and grew up in California.
Ayane Miura is a Japanese model, singer, actress.
She has also appeared in such films as Sheitan, 36 vues du pic Saint-Loup and Les Adieux à la reine.
Scott gave up acting in the early 1990s; his final contribution to acting was in a 1991 episode of Poirot.
Waise Lee Chi-hung is a Hong Kong film and television actor best known for playing the roles of villains and antagonists in various films.
Horwell also played Alex's Dad in the feature The Lost Choices, released by Metrodome Distribution in September 2015.
However, despite the cases, he reprised his role as Kamen Rider Leangle in Super Hero Taisen GP: Kamen Rider 3, though only providing his voice.
Muss was killed in action in 1945.
Gudrun Lisa Johanna Brost was a Swedish actress.
She appeared in 48 films between 1912 and 1931.
He died in November 1997 at the age of 60.
Chan is a member of the Huizhou Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
A Chord is known mainly for writing the lyrics of the song, "Gou Ai," which was played on the Taiwanese drama, The X-Family.
He appeared in 68 films between 1925 and 1962.
He worked frequently in musical theatre, appearing alongside Jessie Matthews in the 1927 revue One Dam Thing After Another.
He is married to author Rachel Joyce, and resides in Gloucestershire with his family.
Tou Katsu is a Japanese actor and model born in Osaka, Japan.
Off screen, Brogan has played an active role in promoting East-West cultural exchange, and has received the Sino-American Friendship Award and the Goddess Artemis Award.
Emiri Henmi is a Japanese actress and singer.
She starred as the femme fatale female ninja Kagero in Shinobi Heart Under Blade.
She became increasingly popular after starring in My Youthfulness and A Story of Lala's Promotion.
Chicken with Plums, Asterix and Obelix Meet Cleopatra and Astérix and Obélix: God Save Britannia are best known of his works.
This is a Chinese name; the family name is Wu.
He is a lifelong fan of Manchester United F.C.
He appeared in the weekly prime-time television series Mito Kōmon.
Hugh Alexander Forbes Latimer was an English actor and toy maker.
The group wrote bespoke material for corporate entertainment and their clients included Mercedes Benz and Rentokil.
He Zhuoyan is a Chinese actress and singer.
Her film roles include Oliver!, Carry On Camping, Carry On Again Doctor, Villain, Carry On Matron and the film version of Porridge.
Zheng is best known for being a cast member in the variety show Keep Running.
Sam Phillips is an English actor and writer.
He has since become a regular character actor on British television.
He played the role of Souji Rippukan in the 2013 Super Sentai TV series Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger.
Nigel Hawthorne said of her: "How daunting it was to hear her voice coming from a darkened auditorium during auditions."
Bonnie Loo Mee Yee, is a Malaysia - born Singapore-based, actress and Singer.
She starred as Rei, the Zero Woman, in the 2004 V-cinema version of that long running series of films and videos.
In real life, Holmes also wished to further her university education.
Stanley Meadows is a British film and television actor.
Later, he left ATV and joined another station, TVB.
Yvonne Schaloske has starred in many Swedish movies and in TV-shows, most notably the soap opera Rederiet.
Adam Chen is a Singaporean television and film actor.
Dean Shek Tin is a veteran Hong Kong feature film actor and film producer with over 92 films acting credits to his name.
She has appeared on British television in shows such as Sinchronicity and Emmerdale, playing the part of Leyla Harding from 2008 to 2011.
He exhibits regularly in Mayfair, London and Dublin, Ireland [1]
She began working as a solo artist on 1 April 1996, one month after Wink dissolved.
And he got nominated for a 2006 Molière Awards Best supporting role.
In spite of the criticism and the implications of his success, he only showed signs of thoroughly enjoying his celebrity, believing he was living his dream.
Fylgia Ester Zadig was a Swedish actress.
He has also appeared in the films Sleepy Hollow and Tomorrow Never Dies.
She also guest-starred in the episode of Mito Komon for broadcast on August 20, 2007.
George McCluskey is a British actor who has appeared in over 70 films.
Tan has an official fan club called Destanation and is one of 7 Dukes in MediaCorp.
Madeleine Jeanne Louise "Mado" Maurin was a French actress, whose career spanned over 55 years.
Nigel Humphreys is a British actor who is best known for his television work.
He has been nominated for two Japanese Academy Awards, and was named Best Newcomer in 1992.
It was hosted by Barney Harwood, and saw 14 lucky scholars picked from auditions taking place across the UK.
Laura Francesca "Lulu" Popplewell is an English actress and singer-songwriter.
He appeared in 24 films between 1915 and 1921.
Ayumi Shigemori is a Japanese actress and pop star.
Alice De Winton was an English actress.
He appeared in 27 films between 1949 and 2001.
He was born in Ushigome, Shinjuku, Tokyo.
Ishibashi is a member of the Japanese vocal group Yazima Beauty Salon.
In the cult classic My Young Auntie Hou played the energetic rebellious teenage son of Lau Kar Leung.
She was born in Visby, Sweden and died in Stockholm.
He appeared in 56 films between 1967 and 1995.
Flora Morris was a British stage and film actress.
As a model, Wu Chun has appeared in magazines, such as Esquire, Elle for Men, Men's Health Magazine, Harper's BAZAAR Magazine, GQ, and Reader's Digest.
Spiro portrayed Astrid Kirchherr in the 1979 film Birth of the Beatles, and appeared in the 1985 film She'll Be Wearing Pink Pyjamas.
She studied drama at Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, and then joined its Young Vic Theatre Company.
He appeared in over 90 films between 1952 and 1996.
His debut role was in Boogiepop Phantom where he voiced the character Poom Poom.
Christenson was born in the small village of Hunnebostrand.
Candy Chen is a dancer, actress, host, singer, rapper and a model.
He also appeared in the Doctor Who serial The Creature from the Pit.
She is hailed by critics and netizens as China's "Queen of Television".
She was the female lead in That Girl in Pinafore.Tan's official fan club is called JT EMPIRE.
She is mostly famous for playing a starring role in Robert Bresson's Pickpocket, and also for appearing in Emmanuelle.
Zhang married Hong Kong actress Ada Choi on 12 January 2008.
He can be seen as a window cleaner in the film Radio Parade of 1935.
She lives in London & has 1 child.
She had also an engagement as stage actress at the Mill Theatre Sonning where she played e.g.
Kumiko Goto is a Japanese former singer, actress, and Japanese idol active in the 1980s.
Johnny Ngan Kwok Leung is a Hong Kong film actor and television actor.
Åke Ohberg was a Swedish actor and film director.
She has also written for the Sunday Telegraph, Evening Standard, Daily Mail and Mail On Sunday.
Zeng Huifen is a former Singaporean actress.
Yvonne Lim is a Singaporean actress who has starred in numerous MediaCorp Channel 8 television dramas since 1997.
Her mother is former actress Kyoko Saga.
At the 14th Berlin International Film Festival she won the Silver Bear for Best Actress for her roles in Kanojo to kare and The Insect Woman.
In addition, she played a featured role as the character Colonel in Mamoru Oshii's Assault Girls.
Daniel "Booby" Hiram Gibson Sr. is an American former professional basketball player who played seven seasons in the National Basketball Association for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Its title is currently unknown, but Barnston has confirmed that it will be shown on Nickelodeon.
She started by completing the 1996 TVB Acting Class and graduating in 1998.
In 1984, Fee served as temporary replacement for Brenda Dickson as Jill Foster Abbott on The Young and the Restless.
She won the award for best supporting actress at the 8th Yokohama Film Festival for His Motorbike, Her Island.
Wan left with his family from Vietnam as the war broke out for Hong Kong.
Alec Su You-peng is a Taiwanese actor, singer, television producer, and film director.
Together they formed a small ballet touring company, the Martin-Harvey Miniature Ballet.
One of the voice overs in Amélie.
JJ Lin was managed by Ocean Butterflies from 2003 to 2009.
Marianne Aminoff was a Swedish film actress.
Björn Gösta Tryggve Granath was a Swedish actor who appeared in over a 100 films and televisions shows.
He appeared in many roles on stage and small screen, including roles in Doctor Who and as Jebediah Dingle in Emmerdale.
He appeared as Grayson in the Charlie Brooker horror series Dead Set for E4.
She was born on 5 December 1945 in London but spent her childhood in Bogotá, Colombia.
Feng Xiaogang is a Chinese film director, screenwriter and actor.
The first single, 'No.1', was released on 7 December 2011.
Hodge returned to British television screens in 2009, portraying Connie in BBC3 sitcom The Lads Club.
Smith also appeared in Teachers, The Bill and Help!
Marie-Angélique Servandoni, stage name Angélique D'Hannetaire, was a French actress and opera singer.
He is one of the most successful producers in Hong Kong cinema, having been one of the comedians to establish Cinema City Studios in 1980.
Danièle Gégauff worked with executive producer Stéphane Tchalgadjieff.
Network television credits include CASTLE and FLASH FORWARD, SHARK, QUINTUPLETS.
He is also a Liberal Democrat politician, being a member of Bristol City Council since 1999, representing the Clifton East ward.
Debbie Russ is a British actress and radio presenter.
He was the original "young Norval" in John Home's Douglas.
Basil E. Frankweiler, Health, The Slugger's Wife, Murphy's Romance and Quicksilver.
Nowadays he plays with the music group "As a Sign of human", as guitarist/vocalist.
Lauren Phillips is a Welsh television actress best known for playing the character of "Kelly" in the Welsh soap Pobol y Cwm.
Ng Kwee Khim, better known for her stage name Kym Ng, is a Singaporean television host and actress with MediaCorp.
His second motion picture, L'Age D'Homme, starred Romain Duris, Aïssa Maïga, and Clément Sibony and was released in 2007.
He also wrote, directed, and starred in the 1996 short film 56 fois par semaine.
In 1976 he went to Hagge Geigert's revue in Gothenburg where he stayed until 1979.
Smith played Damien Trotter in Only Fools and Horses from 2001 to 2003.
On January 1, 2004, Tamagawa died at the age of 79, just ten days before his eightieth birthday.
In 2011, Pan was awarded Best Actor for Endless Love at the 46th Golden Bell Awards, Taiwan's equivalent to the Emmy Awards.
He is known for his parts in jidaigeki film, but is known as part of the cast of Samurai Sentai Shinkenger as Hikoma Kusakabe.
Hugo Björne was a Swedish film and theater actor.
He has appeared on a number of top English television programmes such as Casualty in 1998.
Kohji Moritsugu is a Japanese actor best known for his role as Dan Moroboshi in Ultra Seven.
2016: Radio 4 Drama 'The Bone Orchard'.
He currently appears in the sitcom Great News as Greg Walsh.
He appeared in 75 films between 1952 and 1990.
His will was witnessed by Cuthbert Burbage, John Heminges, Thomas Ravenscroft, and John Shank.
Other notable film credits include Edward Yang's Mahjong and cult classics Naked Killer and Sex and Zen.
His most recognizable role is in the film Three Colors: Red.
Kong is known as one of her generation's most distinguished graduates of the Beijing Film Academy, praised for her great ability and multitalented abilities.
George Hu is an American actor and singer based in Taiwan.
Holmes, is an American actor and musician.
He shared the Best Actor award at the French Three Continents Festival with two of his co-stars for Shinozaki's Not Forgotten.
She appeared in 20 films between 1933 and 1983.
Jinny Ng Yuek Hei is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer, hostess and actress.
Miwako Ichikawa is a Japanese actress, sister of actress Mikako Ichikawa.
Even after he left the show he lost a job as a children's television presenter because of the so-called "gay tag".
She won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 2010.
Xiao Xun is a singer and actress.
Choc7 is a Taiwanese boyband group led by Ah Ben and is the second spin-off group of the Taiwanese variety show Mo Fan Bang Bang Tang.
He appeared in 41 films between 1934 and 1956.
Liliane Nemri is a Lebanese actress and comedian who has played in a number of Lebanese movies and series.
His younger brother was the actor Henry Mollison.
He was the son of actor Emil Hillberg, and in 1908 he married actress Berta Schantz.
He is the winner of the 21st annual New Talent Singing Awards Hong Kong Regional Finals.
Before she began her acting career, she was a teenage fashion model for the Lucie Clayton agency, she now does public speaking and work for charity.
Matt King is an English actor, comedian and writer.
Hjalmar Selander was a Swedish actor, stage director and theatre manager.
She studied dance, at least in part with Emile Jaques-Dalcroze in 1913 and 1915, and subsequently taught dance until sometime in the 1920s.
Margaret Alice Cabourn-Smith is an English comedy actress with appearances on Catastrophe, The IT Crowd, Psychoville, Peep Show and Fresh Meat.
He was born in 1962 in Stockholm, Sweden.
Previously Chan was working as a hair washer at a local Toronto salon.
Files" and "The Silver Chamber of Sorrows" She was an Miss Photogenic of Miss Asia Pageant in 1989.
She is the subject of several photo books, including Woman.
He appeared in 62 films between 1931 and 1969.
She is the mother of voice actors Emil Smedius and Matilda Smedius.
Gaynor Hodgson is a British former child actress who was mainly active in the 1970s.
He has been acting for many years and has made appearances in one of Stephen Chow's movies.
His second and third wives were also actresses; those unions were without issue.
Totti Truman Taylor, born Dorothy Leah Pedley, was a British actress.
He began his professional acting career in 1982, starring in the West End musical Yakety Yak.
Noriko Eguchi is a Japanese film and television actress.
Since 2013, he has signed to Zhao Wei's Agency.
Björn Herman Leonard Gustafson is a Swedish actor.
Her second husband, whom she married around 1938, was RAF Wing Commander Cowan Douglas Stephenson; they lived at Hunger Hatch near Ashford, Kent.
She was educated at Victoria Junior College in Singapore.
In 2006, Pierce was named in the Top 50 most eligible bachelors list by Company Magazine.
Ekblad was born in the Ostrobothnian village of Solf in 1954.
Jutoupi is a Taiwanese pop artist who brought a new musical style to Asia in 1994.
Huggy Leaver, sometimes credited as Huggy Lever, is a British actor and former vocalist of The Plastix, an early UK Punk band.
La 7ème compagnie au clair de lune
His most prominent role has been as Takeshi Hongo/Kamen Rider #1 in the film Kamen Rider The First and its sequel Kamen Rider The Next.
Fletcher is the mother of anthropologist, Dr Jamie F. Lawson, whose father is the actor Denis Lawson.
He appeared in the second series of Monkey as the horse.
When asked in 1967 why she was leaving the cast Miss Monte replied "I think I have earned a rest."
He started as a host in television programmes for children before entering the drama department.
Other film appearances include The Patriots, Dark at Noon, the 1985 adaptation of Yasunari Kawabata's 1964 novel Beauty and Sadness, and First Name: Carmen
This programme was loosely based on the stories of King Arthur.
Here Boyd acted in a production supervised by George Bernard Shaw.
He appeared in more than 40 films and television shows between 1947 and 1996.
She appeared in at least thirty films between 1925 and 1935, garnering some notoriety for her appearance in The Sign of the Cross.
He has been arrested several times, and served prison terms, for various offences, among others illegal drug use.
Her son, Cris, is a film and television screenwriter.
It was later repeated on BBC1 in 1977.
She also played the role of Marium Mukhtar in 2016 telefilm Ek Thi Marium, which was highly praised.
Films include:- The Birth of a Nation, Return to House on Haunted Hill, Conspiracy, Pass Over, Boy A and Aces High
Rémy Julienne is a pioneering French driving stunt performer, stunt coordinator, assistant director and occasional actor.
He graduated from Academy of Live and Recorded Arts in 2001.
His more famous roles include Group Captain John Whitworth in The Dam Busters.
Born Julia Carolina Carlsson, she worked as an actress from 1900s until the 1960s.
Takanori Jinnai is a Japanese actor, film director, and singer.
Rosette is a French actress and producer.
It co-starred Jackie Weaver and Maggie Dence.
She made her debut at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1933.
In 1993, she retired from Beijing Studio.
Yuma Ishigaki is a Japanese actor from Gifu Prefecture and raised in Nerima, Tokyo.
Her birth name is used in her works during her childhood and adolescence.
Over the years he was mostly shadowed by his father's fame and only known as Shek Sau's son on screen.
He has also been referred to as Noodle Cheng, after a popular noodle product with a similar name and his wavy long hair.
He was born May 30, 1977 in Fukushima Prefecture.
Her older sister, Tsai Han-tsen, also known as "Han", is also an actress.
She attended the Centre Stage School of Performing Arts, Southgate.
Kenichi Endō is a Japanese actor and writer.
By 2016, she was due to participate in the variety show " Mars Intelligence Agency " in the Mainland for more attention.
Engaged by W. C. Macready, he played in most of Macready's productions, including As You Like It, at Drury Lane Theatre from 1842.
In 2013 Ahlstedt appears as "Pápá Fouras", the new Swedish version of "Père Fouras", in the 15th season of Fångarna på Fortet on TV4.
He is known for his role in Eternal Summer, for which he won the Best New Performer award at the 2006 Golden Horse Awards.
In 2015, she was picked to be a contestant on the third cycle of Asia's Next Top Model.
Ulla Jacobsson was a Swedish actress who is perhaps best known for playing the only female speaking role in the film Zulu.
With a large number of appearances across the London stage, he was noted for his powerful voice, height and imposing physique.
Keiron Self is a Welsh British actor and writer most famous for playing Roger Bailey, Jr. in the BBC sitcom My Family.
Ceara O'Neill is also the guitarist and backing vocalist for all-sister rock band Kyneska.
He also played the lead role in Jango, a short lived 1961 production by Associated Rediffusion.
Her interment was at Braywick Cemetery in Maidenhead.
They married in 1960 and she retired from acting, assuming her married name, Makiko Ishihara.
She currently works teaching drama at Lewes Old Grammar School and as an Educational Practitoner for the Shakespeare Globe Theatre in London.
For video games, Ryan has performed as Charibert in the Final Fantasy XIV expansion pack Final Fantasy XIV: Heavensward.
His most notable film is the 1998 film Beast Cops which won a Hong Kong Film Award with Wong in the lead role.
Tony Leung Chiu-wai is a Hong Kong actor.
Maxudian became a famous theater actor in his adopted country, appearing at the Odéon and the at the Grand Guignol.
Her TV work includes roles in When the Boat Comes In, All Creatures Great and Small, Boys from the Blackstuff, Family Affairs, The Bill and Casualty.
She was in poor health with diabetes for much of her life, and died on stage while acting on board the liner MV Oriana.
His father was a host and his mother was a Taiwanese Aborigine singer.
He has also done extensive voiceover work for animated programs, most notably voicing The Hacker on the PBS Kids series Cyberchase.
She released her album Home in 1998 and There is a Decision in 2000.
She made her acting debut in 2006 Mainland China drama New Stars In The Night playing a small role.
The younger brother of Gaétan Vestris, he studied dance with Louis Dupré and became a soloist of the Opéra de Paris in 1753.
She has appeared in soap operas Doctors as Nina Parmar, Coronation Street as Mina Parekh and EastEnders as Manju Patel.
Selby died in London on 14 September 2010, at the age of 85.
At the Miss Universe pageant, Josephine beat favourites including Erin McNaught of Australia.
She was married three times: to Julian Pitt-Rivers, to Euan Douglas Graham, grandson of the fifth Duke of Montrose, and then to Sir Anthony Rumbold.
It had been on display as a working machine at the museum of the British Horological Institute.
Since 2010, Lin has been producing TV dramas and TV films starring herself, both in mainland China and Taiwan.
She is married to Chinese action star Jet Li.
Elarica Gallacher is an English model and actress.
Robert Shatterell was an English actor of the seventeenth century.
He is a high school graduate and does not have a college degree.
Jade Seah is a Singaporean model, host and actress.
Nakai started his acting career while he was still in university and was awarded the Rookie of the Year at the Japan Academy Awards in 1981.
In late 2002, Rui En launched her music career in Taiwan, with the album Rui ∑n vol.
At Music-Hall, he interpreted various sketches of authors alike him.
Selina suffered third degree burns over 54% of her body and needed to undergo skin grafting treatment/operation where her hands, legs and back were injured.
James Philip O'Connolly was an English actor, director, producer and screenwriter.
Georges Péclet was a French actor, film director and screenwriter.
She has appeared in numerous films including Chaos, Eager Bodies, The Adopted and Une histoire banale.
She had also won many top honors in various Chinese music awards held in Asia.
The FANY were the first women to drive officially for the British Army.
Doris Svedlund was a Swedish film actress.
Tracy Chu Tsin-suet is a Hong Kong-born Canadian actress and television presenter.
Allan Bohlin was a Swedish film actor.
In 2013, she played Rita in the BBC comedy-drama Being Eileen.
Dada Chan is Chinese actress and model under Jacso Entertainment based in Hong Kong.
Lil Poldi Terselius is a Swedish stage and film actress.
She was born Jessie Rihll in West Ham, London, UK and died in Brighton, Sussex, England, UK.
Fabrice Josso is a French actor and voice actor.
He is set to appear in Aquaman in 2018.
She played a nurse in Lucas Belvaux's Mère de Toxico.
In 1988 Henty's marriage collapsed after seven years.
She was born on January 17, 1662, in Grenoble to Henri Pitel de Longchamp and Charlotte Legrand.
He made his television debut in 1968 playing Young Hodge in an episode of Mystery and Imagination.
Itoh is best known for her portrayal of Miki Masaki in the 2007 Super Sentai Series Juken Sentai Gekiranger.
Yusuke Iseya is a Japanese actor, director, artist, and businessman.
Jeanne Mockford is an English actress, probably best known as Senna the soothsayer in the British television 1969–70 comedy series Up Pompeii!.
He is known for playing the role of Antoine in Little White Lies.
He was a particularly prolific actor and would often appear in as many as ten films a year.
Fàn Bingbing is a Chinese actress, television producer and pop singer.
A year later, she made her acting debut in Prince + Princess 2, playing the lead role Zhao Ke Rou.
His first project was a supporting role in the 1992 drama The Greed of Man, which starred Sean Lau, Vivian Chow, Adam Cheng, and Amy Kwok.
Despite the fact that Hailes is heterosexual, he suffered from severe homophobia because of the homosexual role he played in EastEnders.
She is married to director Sion Sono and has starred in some of his films.
He is part of Evergreen Entertainment and has appeared several times in Japanese movies and TV dramas.
Bould starred as "Tracy Lord" in a UK tour of High Society in early 2013.
Her television credits include: Doctors, The Bill, Casualty, Holby City, Little Britain, Strange, My Hero and Jonathan Creek.
She had come to Godard's attention when she appeared as an extra in Passion.
She started her career in the 1970s, and joined TVB in 1981.
She is the mother of Swedish actress Sascha Zacharias.
Then the name was bestowed on his son, who kept it.
He was born in Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, the son of Sam Livesey, the brother of Barry Livesey, and the cousin and step-brother of Roger Livesey.
She appeared in 68 films between 1917 and 1933.
He also acted in the cult classic film Clockwise and has worked with many other notable actors such as Ian McKellen and Kenneth Branagh.
A recurring role was that of the landlady Mrs. Hudson in a series of Sherlock Holmes adaptations starring Arthur Wontner.
He appeared in 80 films between 1938 and 1974.
Her first major role was in the film The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain.
Their son is actor James Francis Ginty.
He was featured on the pilot episode of Whose Line Is It Anyway?.
at the Chichester Festival Theatre as Aunt Eller, and the following autumn in Manchester in White Christmas.
In 2010, she appeared in Aparna Sen's Bengali Film The Japanese Wife as the leading female opposite Rahul Bose.
In 2011 he appeared in David Fincher's The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Jiang Xin, also known by her English name Rulu Jiang, is a Chinese actress.
He was an assistant for Kam Kwok-leung, who supported his career.
Roger Alborough is a British actor who has starred in a number of London West End musicals, including Buddy and Jailhouse Rock.
Her song, "A Little Happiness", the theme song of the 2015 Taiwanese romance film Our Times, became a hit in Taiwan.
She won the award for best supporting actress at the 14th Hochi Film Award for Shaso.
In 1959 she was one of the winners at the Society of Film and Television Arts Television Awards.
Leo Hallerstam is son to the actor Staffan Hallerstam.
She is also a singer, and has released a record with Carl Jonas Love Almqvist's Songes.
He won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 1983.
JJ had won the Best New Artist for his work on his debut album Music Voyager at the 15th Golden Melody Awards in 2004.
He attended Bishop Luffa C of E School in Chichester, West Sussex.
Minoru Watanabe is a Japanese stunt/suit actor.
He also starred in the film Brassed Off and the television series All Creatures Great and Small and Chucklevision.
Gaynor Rowlands, was an English actress, singer, and dancer, born in London, of Welsh parents.
Dwyer-Lynch is also a professional qualified Uefa 'B' licence football coach, having worked on both Manchester United and City's Community Football and Centre of Excellence Schemes.
Daisy Waite is an English-Chinese actress, model and presenter.
He was born in Halmstad, Sweden and died in Malmö, Sweden.
He made his Hollywood debut in xXx: Return of Xander Cage.
Genie Chuo is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Harold Hobson, The Times critic said, "He was a breath of fresh air in the West-End".
Kaze no Bojo, and in 1973 she got married with the cinema director Shigeru Ishihara, so that she retired as an actress.
He appeared in 419 films between 1915 and 1953.
He is best known for his portrayal of Yuuji Mita/OHBlue in Chōriki Sentai Ohranger.
He is a member of the Rahmens owarai comedy duo.
Sarvil was born in Toulon, France and died in 1975 in Marseille.
He has also appeared in Coronation Street, At Home with the Braithwaites, The Royal, The Ward and Hollyoaks.
He has also played the part of Maurice Horton in The Archers.
Yao Wenlong is a Singapore-based Malaysian actor.
Björn Roger Gedda is a Swedish actor.
He has also appeared in dramas such as Pie in the Sky, Foyle's War and The Inspector Lynley Mysteries.
Come to Kochi, an 8 part series which Chhabra presented from the Southern Indian state of Kerala, is now taught as part of the National Curriculum.
Karl-Arne Holmsten was a Swedish film actor.
Ikue Sakakibara is a Japanese actress and a J-pop singer.
Montez also stars in the Ron Rice film, Chumlum, made in 1964.
He appeared in 67 films between 1922 and 1943.
Naomi Kawashima was a Japanese actress, singer and radio entertainer.
He received a commendation at the 2003 Ian Charleson Awards.
Elizabeth Cassidy is a British actress best known for her role as Anne Darracott in the 1970s BBC television series Gangsters.
Richard is now represented by Hobsons International
She was active in the various movies, i.e.
Ann Michelle born 11 August 1952 in Chigwell, Essex) is a British actress and writer.
He was the face of the Direct Line Group commercials.
He later appeared in a musical adaptation of Saiyuki as Dokugakuji entitled Saiyuki Opera Story -Go to the West-.
Donald Knight was an English film, television and stage actor.
In 1990 he won César Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role in Hiver 54, l'abbé Pierre.
She is the author of two books April Fool, a novel, and Guide to Social Climbing
He is also known for his starring role as Guillaume in the 2009 French horror film, High Lane.
She has received a total of 12 nominations.
Georgie Harris was a British film actor.
Her ability to speak both English and Japanese led her to pursue a career in journalism.
Trained alongside his brothers by his father and grandfather, Kanze made his Noh stage debut at the age of three.
He also appeared often on television, memorably as the obstetrician delivering Betty Spencer's baby in Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em.
Hong Kong University professor, Stephen Chu, called the song a fairy tale feeling.
He was married to the actress Violet Hopson until their divorce in 1919.
He is best known for starring in the first series of the children's television series Morris 2274 in 2003 for Five television.
In May 2007, Hsiao took part in the first season of China Television's star search show, One Million Star.
On the TV side, he was a series regular opposite Carey Mulligan in the BBC's Bleak House as Richard Carstone.
Elizabeth Adare is a currently practising child psychologist but is better known as an English actress and television presenter during the 1970s and 1980s.
Takahisa Maeyama is a Japanese actor affiliated with Watanabe Entertainment.
Gallagher's numerous other credits include Heartbeat, The Sweeney, Bergerac, Bad Girls, Wycliffe, Midsomer Murders and London's Burning.
She played Bettan in the 1975 Doctor Who serial Genesis of the Daleks.
He died in Desert Hot Springs, California.
He appeared in 74 films between 1919 and 1957.
Xie left the entertainment industry in 2009, citing personal reasons.
Worms played Tsar Nicholas II of Russia in the 1938 film Rasputin.
She also starred alongside Joan Chen and Australia's Don Hany in HBO Asia's first drama series Serangoon Road.
She also appeared in several major films.
His popular hits in the late 1980s and early 1990s include "一場遊戲一場夢" and "幾分傷心幾分痴", "是否我真的一無所有", "誰明浪子心", "忘了你 忘了我", and "安妮".
Julie Neukbeurt is a British actress who is perhaps best known for playing the ill-fated Wendy in the first series of Survivors in 1975.
In the quietly memorable and chilling scene that follows, the 'guilty' man is hurled from the cliffs to his death.
Thompson was born in the London Borough of Brent to Ghanaian immigrants.
Daniel Chan Hiu-tung is a popular Hong Kong singer, songwriter, and actor.
Frances Tomelty is a Northern Irish actress.
He appeared in 27 films between 1913 and 1928.
She was active at the Monnaie from 1766 until 1775.
She was the 'strongest link', winning over £14,000 which she donated to breast cancer research, beating Summer Strallen.
Sacha Alexander is a British actor, scriptwriter and producer.
She is known for starring in dramas On the Fringe 2011 and Don't Stop Believin', as well as movie Timeless Love.
She has played the Devonshire Park Theatre, Eastbourne, and was Andy in the play Stepping Out.
Wang is a member of Taiwanese Mandopop vocal quartet boy band Fahrenheit.
My Fair Princess was highly popular in East and Southeast countries; launching Lin as a household name in Asia.
She starred in Ingmar Bergman's 1948 film Prison, and in the 1951 film Divorced, which Bergman wrote.
Lewis, and in adult life she played teacher Lorna Dickey in BBC One serial Waterloo Road.
Ning Jing is a Chinese actress of mixed Han and Nakhi descent.
Maki has appeared in several films including the 2004 film Infection and the 2004 American horror film The Grudge.
He guest starred in Ninja Sentai Kakuranger and Chōriki Sentai Ohranger and appeared in the short Super Sentai World.
He has written several critically acclaimed plays, among them Cardboys, A Carpet, a Pony and a Monkey, tHe dYsFUnCKshOnalZ!, and Inheritance.
He was most active at Malmö City Theatre.
He also received critical acclaim for his portrayal of Ariel in the 1980 BBC version of The Tempest.
Kim Ki-bum is a South Korean actor and singer.
Vincent Zhao Wenzhuo, sometimes credited as Vincent Chiu or Chiu Man-cheuk, is a Chinese actor and martial artist.
He died in a car accident at the age of 72.
Her first starring role was on the television series Love of Life.
In the 1970s, she was a member of the leftist theater and music group Nationalteatern.
After retiring from politics, she served as vice president of the Asian Women's Fund.
As well as her role as PC Hemmingway in the ITV series The Bill, she played the character Marsha Harris twice in 2001.
He was also a director of NOT The National Theatre and toured with them, appearing in several productions.
She signed on with SPH Mediaworks and made her acting debut in the 2001 drama Touched.
He played the part of Frankie Wing in the 1960 London production of the musical Flower Drum Song.
Ryo Matsuda, born September 13, 1991, in Amagasaki, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, is a Japanese actor who is represented by the talent agency, Cast Corporation.
Steven Ma Chun-wai is a Hong Kong actor and singer.
Jonas Karlström is a Swedish actor born 3 October 1978 in Karlskrona.
He is widely known by his stage name Namewee, a bilingual pun on his name, which sounds like the Mandarin term for name.
She appeared in 42 films between 1952 and 1995.
Jack Edwards Livesey was a British film actor.
He remarried on 21 November 2004 to the scientist Dorte Velling Pedersen, close friend to his first wife Eva.
Joni-Ruth White is an actress who appeared in the 1981 film Polyester, directed by John Waters.
He specialises in acrobatics and Chinese martial arts and has worked on over 80 films as actor, stuntman and action choreographer.
Kanny Theng is a Singaporean model turned actress.
Alf Kjellin was a Swedish film actor and director, who also appeared on some television shows.
Yōko Ishino is a Japanese actress and tarento.
She is the lead actress for the classic j-drama Long Vacation, starring alongside Takuya Kimura.
Kaori Manabe is a Japanese talent, gravure idol and actress.
Bedsit - Day and Dead on Time and worked as a director, especially on 18 episodes of Doctors during 2008.
Sun Xing is a Hong Kong actor and Mandopop singer born in Guangzhou, China.
Aiko Horiuchi is a Japanese actress who played Kayako Saeki in The Grudge 3.
He won the Serial Drama Performance award at the National Television Awards in 2015, and again in 2016.
In musical theatre, she is a soprano.
This was postulated in an edition of "Quote,Unquote" A BBC panel game.
She appeared in more than fifty films from 1957 to 2001.
John Björn Sture Kjellman, is a Swedish actor and singer.
He has also acted on stage and in film, and has narrated numerous audiobooks and presented various television series, including the 2006 series Martin Shaw: Aviators.
He was the younger brother of the actor Victor McLaglen.
He was also director of the Juilliard School from 1979 to 1982, and again from 1987 to 1992.
Richard Heffer is a British actor, best known for his roles on television in the 1970s and 1980s.
As Suzuki's career gained speed, numerous photo books and idol videos were released, including "Deep F", "Six", "Natura" and "Will".
Valerie Lilley is a Northern Irish actress who has played many television roles on dramas such as Doctors and Grange Hill.
During his life he was designated a Living National Treasure of Japan and one of the country's four official leading actors.
Lina Ng is a Singaporean actress and host.
Her most noteworthy film credit is Quo Vadis.
Nicolas Giraud is a French actor and filmmaker.
Her popularity peaked in Asia following her portrayal of Zhou Zhiruo in the 1994 Taiwanese adaptation of The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber.
Melissa Ng Mei-hang is a retired China-born Hong Kong television actress.
He was married, firstly, to actress Dame Lilian Braithwaite; their child was actress Joyce Carey.
She is survived by her husband, Phil, a photographer, her three sons and one daughter.
Liao Xiao Jie, also known as Xiao Jie or Liljay, is a member of a trio boyband, JPM, with Qiu Wang Zi and Qiu Mao Di.
During this she was placed 18th by Nuts in their list of the 50 Sexiest Reality TV Babes in May 2008.
Seven of them were also performed in Australia, Canada and the United States.
Kate Colgrave Pope is a young British actress.
Sharon Chan is a Hong Kong actress and model.
He is known for his roles in At Dolphin Bay, Chinese Paladin 3, Swordsman and The Journey of Flower.
Standing later moved to the United States, and was briefly married to Sherri Spillane, the ex-wife of writer Mickey Spillane.
He and his brothers, Michael and Sam, made several comedy blockbusters in the 1970s and 1980s.
Cecil del Gue was a British actor of the silent era.
She co-starred with Joanna Lumley in the 1971 sex comedy Games That Lovers Play.
He also wrote and directed a short film Hide and Seek in 1922.
Harker is married to fellow actor Anthony Calf, with whom she has three daughters, Louise Emma Calf, Cecilia Ann L Calf, and Anemone Georgiana Calf.
She was the second wife of actor Dennis Waterman, and they have two daughters, one of whom is the actress Hannah Waterman.
Junya Ikeda, also known as Jun Ikeda, is a Japanese actor and voice actor who is affiliated with Bāru.
She is the daughter of actor Anders Ek and choreographer Birgit Cullberg.
She was working as a model for the Japanese fashion magazine Olive under an exclusive contract.
Marcel Vibert was a French film actor.
Masaya Kato is a Japanese actor from Nara in the Kansai region.
He began his film career by acting in the 1915 film The Heart of Sister Ann.
In 2007, Kenny was a guest at the SUCCESS Gala in Vancouver, where he performed and fundraised money for the organization.
Feng Shaofeng, also known as William Feng is a Chinese actor.
Christine is known for her roles in TVB's dramas including "C.I.B.
Mark Edward Womack is an English actor, best known for starring in Liverpool 1, Sorted and Willy Russell's Dancin thru' The Dark.
Hiroki Gotō is a Japanese voice actor who works for Across Entertainment.
John Axel Eriksson is a Swedish actor.
He has done more than 50 appearances in movies and drama series in his 8-year acting career, alongside his numerous commercial advertisements.
A character actress she played working class figures, often mothers, in films of the 1930s.
Chiharu Kawai is a Japanese actress and voice actress.
He would go on to play in some twenty-five Broadway productions over the following three decades.
He appeared in 83 films between 1938 and 1968.
His true name was Masanori Kimbara or Kim Kyun-hong, however the famous pantomime artist Marcel Marceau was the influence for his vaudevillian name.
Vic Chou is a Taiwanese actor, singer and commercial model.
She provided the voices of Walt Disney's Clara Cluck and The Wise Little Hen.
He is well known as the lead guitarist of The Wynners.
She starred as the "garrulous prostitute Manon" in Henri-Georges Clouzot's Quai des Orfèvres in 1947.
Chan Hung-Lieh, also known as Chen Hung-Lit and Golden Chan, was a Shaw Brothers actor famous for portraying villains from the 1960s to 1980s.
She appeared in 15 films between 1923 and 1977.
Hsu Si-yuan, also known as Barbie Hsu, is a Taiwanese actress, singer, and television host.
Sigurd Richard Engelbrekt Wallén was a Swedish actor, film director and singer.
However, she soon grew tired of her childish image and increasingly gravitated towards singing about moodier subject matters having to do with love and betrayal.
He played the recurring role of D.S.
In 1921 she appeared as a Germany spy in the controversial film How Kitchener Was Betrayed which was ultimately banned.
Roy Cheung Yiu-Yeung is a Hong Kong-based actor, best known on-screen for his roles as Triad gangsters in a number of films.
Yao Chen is a Chinese actress and philanthropist.
In the 2000s, he starred in a series of successful films such as Fuse, Summer in the Golden Valley, Ivko's Feast, and All for Free.
He performs in Life Never Stops by himself at GyanGyan Theater in Shibuya.
Stéphane Freiss is a French actor and director.
Between 2003 and 2005 she was Director of Drama and Head of Department at Gateways School near Leeds.
She won the Miss Photogenic award in the Miss Hong Kong Pageant in 1976 after graduating from the United State.
She also played Sena in Man, Next Natural Girl: 100 Nights In Yokohama.
Lisa Selesner, professionally known as Lisa S., is an American model, actress, and Channel V veejay and an international model based in Hong Kong.
A skilful imitator of singers from the East and the West, Cheng had numerous albums and performed Cantonese opera and musicals.
The musical enjoyed a success which brought them to perform in Shanghai the following year.
In 2011 her drama Kaseifu no Mita reached a viewer rating of 40%, making it one of the highest rated Japanese dramas of all time.
Ceara O'Neill is an English actress and musician.
She also played Alicia Davenport in Coronation Street for four episodes in 2012 
Yukio's real name is Yukio Hashi, using a different kanji.
Lionelle Howard was a British actor of the silent era who was born as Francis Nathan Coxin in Cirencester, Gloucestershire and died in Uxbridge, Middlesex.
Her main role in Platonic Sex was some-what controversial as it was rather contrary to her image as one possessing pure values.
Having joined the TCS during the mid-1990s, she won many awards as an artiste with MediaCorp before leaving the industry to pursue further studies.
Yang opened a hair salon with her sister in 2004.
She was the sister of Gracie Fields.
He has done the voices for several Swedish language dubbed versions of movies and cartoons, including the voice of Charlie Brown.
He also played major roles at the Stockholm Stadsteater and in private theaters.
Ellesmere Choi Chi-kin is a Hong Kong television actor for TVB.
He debuted as an actor in V-cinema in 2001, and made his theatrical film debut in 2003 in Azumi.
Barrie Gosney was a British television, film and theatrical actor.
Chen Zihan, previously known as Chen Shasha, is a Chinese actress.
Cheng rose to fame in late 2004 after playing his first lead role in the TVB drama Hard Fate.
'Jenny Tseng - Yan Nei', is a Macau singer, actress and producer, mostly known in Cantonese-speaking regions, based in Hong Kong for much of her career.
Georges Maurice Edmond Dorléac was a French actor of the stage and screen.
She first appeared on screen in 1974's Fall of Eagles.
Babbington's character was written out in November 2011.
Vivian Chow is a Hong Kong-based Cantopop singer-songwriter and actress.
Hideo Murota was a Japanese actor who appeared in over 100 films.
As of 2007 she is still acting and maintains a blog about her life.
Nana Lee Chien-na is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
Jemima Abey is a British actress who is best known for her work in the second series of the Sky One television series drama Hex.
In 2005, they appeared in a cooking show together for a Father's Day promotion.
Suki Chui Suk-Man is a Hong Kong actress, affiliated with TVB up to 8 January 2014.
Bak originally debuted as the lead singer of the band Borderline, which won first place at the 1986 Hong Kong Carlsberg Pop Music Festival.
This success was followed by many successful tours of Europe over the next 13 years.
Would marry Alexander Francis Part in 1931.
A character actor, he appeared in over 90 films in both comic and straight roles.
His last Hammer role was brief, as a coach driver in Frankenstein and the Monster from Hell.
She is a member of girl group Dream Girls.
He also was in an episode of Last of the Summer Wine.
Yen's music covers an array of styles ranging from R&B, soul, pop, and classical, to rock, acoustic folk, dance and hip-hop.
Harry Korris was a British comedian and actor.
Arthur Hardy was a British actor, whose appearances include Atlantic and Dreyfus.
Brian Tse Tung-man is a Hong Kong actor and singer.
In 1964 she directed A Midsummer Night's Dream for ITV's Play of the Week.
Kate is also a seasoned pantomime performer.
She is best known internationally for her role as the sinister android Niska in Season 1 of the popular Swedish science fiction TV series Real Humans.
A liana bridge is a suspended bridge made of liana vines.
Jacquie Lyn was a British-born American child actress, who had a brief yet notable career in motion pictures.
Yatarō Kurokawa was a Japanese film actor.
He is currently known for his portrayal of Daiki Kaito/Kamen Rider Diend in the Kamen Rider Series Kamen Rider Decade and its films.
These bridges are most widespread in the tropical climates of Latin America, Africa and South-East Asia.
She started her career as a model and then MTV host before starting a career in acting.
He was one of the original members of The Flying Pickets, and arranged a number of the group's songs, including the number one hit Only You.
She has also appeared in Red Dwarf as Pete Tranter's sister and Murder in Mind.
Wong Jinglun, also known as Jing Wong or Hayden Wong, is a Taiwan-based Singaporean singer and actor.
Sanam Baloch is a Pakistani actress and television presenter.
In November 2015, MacDonald took part in a "Child Stars" edition of Pointless Celebrities, with fellow Grange Hill star Erkan Mustafa as his teammate.
Ran Ito is a Japanese actress and previous member of the 1970s legendary idol group Candies.
Stanley Caine was an actor and the younger brother of actor Michael Caine.
She also made appearances in other television dramas, including Juliet Bravo, Not the Nine O'Clock News, Alas Smith and Jones and the sitcom Goodnight Sweetheart.
The Last Days of Planet Earth - 1974 film.
These areas are known in Inuktitut as the "Inuit Nunangat".
A practitioner of Karate, her real name that she was given at birth is Misaki Yasui.
He is best known for his performances in the annual CCTV New Year's Gala, having made more appearances on the show than every other major performer.
He transitioned to actor for TVB in 2003.
Penelope Ann Rachel, Lady Reed, known as Penelope Dudley-Ward, was an English actress.
most recently, she has appeared in the TV drama Prime Suspect and the 2008 drama series Honest.
Langham died on 15 January 2011 in Cranbrook, Kent, England after a short illness.
He was known as the "Obedient Tiger" until the band broke up in 1995.
In particular, the addition of several important scenes featuring Stacey was praised.
She had roles in numerous Swedish films.
He is also known for having originated the role of Mufasa in the West End production of the musical The Lion King.
He also did voices on other animated programmes such as Little Ghosts, The Adventures of Paddington Bear, Mr. Bean, Ludwig, Metalheads and Rudi and Trudi.
He played one of Aslan's two Satyrs in the BBC's adaptation of The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe in 1988.
Deborah Manship is a Welsh actress, best known for her roles in the television drama series Angels and The District Nurse.
Han Xue, also known as Cecilia Han, is a Chinese singer and actress of Miao ethnicity.
He died at age 72 in London, England.
Alexander is younger brother to the actress Sophie Tolstoy.
His first screen role was "April Story" directed by Japanese movie director Shunji Iwai in 1998.
In 2007 she played Bev in the BBC Three situation comedy The Visit.
Takashi Hagino is a Tokyo-born Japanese actor.
Yves Vincent was a French film and television actor.
Carolyn Ann Seaward is a former beauty queen who also appeared in the 1983 Bond film Octopussy.
He is one half of the double act Laurence & Gus, alongside fellow comedian and writer Gus Brown.
James Greene is an actor who has appeared in numerous plays and series on United Kingdom television over a 40-year period.
Many summers were spent attending Japanese schools in Tokyo, Japan and swimming the beaches in Honolulu, Hawaii.
He has appeared in films such as "Personal Services".
He would often send himself up and perform surreal impressions of various celebrities, including Barbra Streisand, Joan Collins & Cliff Richard.
Vibert worked primarily in the French film industry, but in the late 1920s he also appeared in several British silent films including Moulin Rouge and Champagne.
The franchise has also spawned two companion films, various manga adaptations, and a sequel light novel series.
On radio she played the part of Lyra Belacqua in BBC Radio 4's His Dark Materials trilogy.
Reiko Yasuhara is a Japanese voice actress and singer from Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture.
She appeared in more than 140 films.
Stacey Cadman is a British actress and television presenter.
His most noted work includes his performance in the long-running popular TVB series, Best Selling Secrets portraying the character, Lau Wah.
Her debut album, released in 1999 and titled 1019, was a huge success, and she quickly became a teen idol with a large teenage fanbase.
Since then she has appeared in various television, film, and stage productions.
She has also published two photographic books as well as about six C.D.s.
Kurup was educated at the Edmonton County School in the London Borough of Enfield  and later trained at the North London Dance Studio.
She is a member of the pop group Sorachoco.
Ciara Janson is an English actress, best known for her role as Nicole Owen on Hollyoaks.
He made ten records and took part in seven movies.
His film credits include Dealers, and Entrapment.
He has made films in Cantonese, Mandarin and Amoy dialect.
Helen Haye was a British stage and film actress.
She starred in the Japanese version of From Up on Poppy Hill as Hana Matsuzaki.
She was the only Pevensie that survived the train wreck on Earth which sent the others to Narnia after The Last Battle.
Kyle is the second cousin of the British singer Yusuf Islam.
Calvin Chen is a Taiwanese singer and actor.
She won the award for best actress at the 8th Yokohama Film Festival for Inujini seshi mono, Minami e Hashire, Umi no Michi o!
He was formerly an actor for ATV.
Kinya Kotani, also known as KINYA, is a male singer and actor from Saitama Prefecture, Japan.
In 2013, he played the old servant Firs in The Cherry Orchard at Stockholm City Theatre.
Yvonne de Bray was a French stage and film actress.
In 2017, he starred in the romantic comedy The Fox's Summer.
At age 80, he died in Neuilly-sur-Seine from complications of lung cancer.
She was given a Special Prize for her career at the 2008 Yokohama Film Festival.
Theatre appearances include Strip Poker; Doctor on the Boil; Gollocks and numerous pantomimes.
His father was the composer and conductor Francis Chagrin .
It was there that he made his debut, at the age of 12.
She also won the award for best actress at the 12th Hochi Film Award for Eien no 1/2.
Her first television appearance was in The Bill in 1988.
It was written by Japanese director and playwright, Kōki Mitani.
She is the second among four daughters.
Yumeji Tsukioka was a Japanese film actress.
Roger was married to the actress Anne Stallybrass from 1963 to 1972 when they divorced.
Growing up in sheer poverty, she and Jody started performing together in restaurants and pubs when she was just 10.
She hosts her show "Talking to Hollywood with Betty Zhou" on CCTV.
He is great grandson of the first President of Tunisia, Habib Bourguiba.
He is the son of English actor Henry Goodman.
She appeared in fourteen episodes of Honey Lane during the 1960s.
Belle Chrystall was a British actress who appeared in a number of leading roles in British films during the 1930s.
She was considered the leading Ophelia of her day.
Fröler did the voice of Shrek when Shrek 2 was dubbed into Swedish.
As a director, he is sometimes grouped with the "Sixth Generation" that emerged in the 1990s.
He appeared in 25 films between 1943 and 1984.
He emigrated to Australia in 1952, and made his final film appearance there in The Sundowners.
Minehiro portrayed Ryu Terui, the Superintendent of the police force and the secondary hero of the television series Kamen Rider W.
Julia Maria Vilhelmina Cæsar was a Swedish film actress.
Naraoka debuted as a cinema actress in the 1949 film Chijin no Ai, based on the novel Naomi.
Smedius sang in the bands Oddjob and Glenns Orkester and for many Swedish versions of Disney animated films.
A year later, he reached a milestone of his TV series career.
In 2013, he was announced as the latest addition to the cast of EastEnders, playing Mick Carter, the most recent landlord of The Queen Victoria.
He was born Charles Lawford Davidson in London and died in Bedford, Bedfordshire, England at age 74.
This marriage had ended by about 1940 and two years later Warriss married the entertainer Meggie Easton.
He was nicknamed "Little Flying Fish" for his swimming achievements.
Max David Bacon was a British actor, comedian and musician.
Since 1994 she has recorded mostly in her native Mandarin, often combining alternative music with mainstream Chinese pop.
In later years, due to the consequences of a stroke, Björnstrand avoided long-term contracts, and focused on theatre and television work.
He died in the arms of his father Richard after the wave hit them in Sri Lanka.
Rosemary Martin was an English actress, born in Birmingham.
He appeared in more than 130 films between 1938 and 1995.
He also starred in the second series.
She had a role as Harriet Burgess in EastEnders, and appeared in a single episode of BBC TV children's series Powers.
He was also a recurring cast member for the live-action series UFO.
In 1937 he moved into film and became Sweden's leading film comedian during the 1940s.
As a singer he released numerous records.
She has appeared in numerous TV series, including the 1999 drama Ring: The Final Chapter.
She received her acting training at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Cha Katō, also known as Kato-chan, is a male Japanese comedian and actor.
Wu Chun has a number of commercial and charitable endorsements.
Fleur Alison Bennett is a British television actress.
She was born in October 21, 1888 in Holborn, London and died in Exmouth, Devon at the age of 84.
Fridolf Rhudin was a Swedish actor and comedian.
Lincoln agreed, noting "he does look pretty sharp at me, doesn't he?"
She is credited as Michelle Khan in some of her earlier films.
Koo founded "One Cool Film Production Limited" in 2013.
Helen Marguerite Allan is a Russian Empire-born British actress.
The Kiev-born Olga, along with Bianca Lamblin and Natalie Sorokin, later stated that their "trio" relationships with Sartre and de Beauvoir damaged them psychologically.
Karen Mok known in the Chinese-speaking communities by Mok Man-wai/Mo Wen Wei, is one of the leading Chinese actors and pop stars.
Chan Kong-sang, SBS, MBE, PMW,, known professionally as Jackie Chan, is a Hong Kong martial artist, actor, film director, producer, stuntman, and singer.
Clifford Rose is an English classical actor.
Many books falsely claim that he was married to actress Fernanda Marlowe.
In the 1950s he portrayed the Emperor Meiji in several hit films and appeared in yakuza films in the 1960s.
Vera Day, is a British film and television actress.
She skipped the last year of school to take up the role, but hopes to go back to education later on.
He directed the films Lover's Discourse and Soul Mate, and starred in The Thieves in 2012.
Zhu was educated at Chung Cheng High School.
Clare also had roles in French and Saunders, Blake's 7 and In Sickness and in Health.
Thérèse Liotard is a French actress best known for her role in the film My Father's Glory.
And her novelization was published as well as DVD of the film.
He also toured with some of the same personnel under Edward Alleyn in 1593.
She is currently signed to Warner Music Group, Hong Kong.
Moustafa and his parents are from Thermes, stemming from the Muslim minority of Greece, consisting of people of Pomak or Turkish descent.
Maurice Garrel was a French film actor.
Fàn is a member of the Fàn family.
But for his recent album "Can't Be Half": Chan said he wanted to try a new challenge: to sing a few fast songs.
The Consultants went on to record three series for BBC Radio 4 between 2002 and 2005.
He is best known as being a member of the Japanese idol groups Sexy Zone and Yuma Nakayama w/B.I.Shadow.
Teresa Carpio is a Hong Kong English pop and Cantopop singer, actress, and singing teacher.
He appeared in 60 films between 1919 and 1969.
She is best known for playing the role of Kylie in EastEnders and the waitress at Surbiton Station in Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
She is best known for her role as Concubine Suen in Can't Buy Me Love and as a lawyer in Come Home Love.
She is of Cantonese descent and speaks the dialect.
Toshiyuki Hosokawa was a Japanese actor and disc jockey, whose credits included roles in television, film, stage and musical theater.
From the 1960s to 1980s, he switched to pop songs, whose lyrics, often in vulgar language, reflected the lives of the lower class in Hong Kong.
He committed suicide on Friday, 1 September 1989.
She participated in the Miss Hong Kong Pageant 2006 and was awarded with the Tourism Ambassador Award.
Early in his acting career, Ahlstedt starred in the films I Am Curious and I Am Curious.
Per Gustaf Seth is a Swedish film director, cinematographer and screenwriter.
He has appeared in one episode each of the TV series After You've Gone, Hyperdrive, Blessed, The Robinsons, My Hero and Dark Ages.
Onoe Shoroku II is the stage name for Yutaka Fujima a Japanese kabuki actor who specialized in male roles.
She appeared as Julia in I, Claudius, as Debbie Bowen in Tenko, and as Pansy Potter in A Horseman Riding By.
Manpei Takagi is a Japanese former actor and model from Seto, Aichi.
He is also a radio DJ, entrepreneur and writer.
He died at the age of 41 of a ruptured aneurysm in Zürich, Switzerland.
In 2007, Megumi said she was retiring from the entertainment business.
He retired from the Hong Kong film industry in 1996.
She's currently featured in a Korean/China co-produced series called Mama's Soup House.
Lee Ann Michelle is an English model and actress.
The pair have since married and had two children.
In 2016 she appeared in the BBC series The Coroner episode 2.6 "Life"
He also voices Grandpa in the PC Game The Scruffs.
He has an older brother, Jack, and a younger sister, Millie.
In the West End she was Maria in Twelfth Night, and the General's daughter in Anouilh's The Fighting Cock at the Duke of York's.
A veteran actor, he entered the entertainment industry in 1984 after finishing SBC's 5th drama training course.
He is interred in the Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City.
She is also known for her role as The Mistress in the 2006 film Silk.
Arthur Walcott was a British actor of the silent era.
Tomoko Yamaguchi is a Japanese actress and singer from Tochigi.
Renée Björling was a Swedish film actress.
She graduated after four years of education at Stockholm Academy of Dramatic Arts in 2006.
He is commonly known by his Chinese nickname Xiao Zhu due to being overweight during his middle school years.
He appeared in 81 films between 1912 and 1949.
He was born in Paris and died in Argentan in France.
He has been in the entertainment industry for over 20 years and has gained notable roles in the D.I.E.
Alice Connor also appears on the programme My Spy Family as Elle Bannon, which is shown exclusively on Boomerang TV channel in the UK.
He was the animatronic puppeteer and voice for Snit on YTV's Snit Station.
Among his film credits were The War Lover; The Dirty Dozen as Milo Vladek, one of the dozen; and Heavenly Pursuits.
She made her debut in the 1933 film Orders is Orders.
Their daughter, Brittany Cheung, was born on 24 January 2006.
He starred as Superintendent Nash in the TV film Marple: The Moving Finger from 1985.
Their daughter was born in April 2012.
He has also appeared in very many productions for BBC Radio 4, most notably in a dramatisation of the Terry Pratchett books Mort and Small Gods.
She appeared in 31 films between 1912 and 1940.
He also appeared on film and television, including the series Z Cars.
Yumi Okumura, better known by the stage name Yumi Aso, is a Japanese actress.
She appeared mostly in smaller roles, many times un-credited.
Russian-born of Armenian origins, he was the son of the Director of the Tiflis Theatre.
Brian Norman Roger Rix, Baron Rix, CBE, DL was a British actor and activist.
Lu HanApril 20, 1990), better known by the mononym Luhan, is a Chinese singer and actor.
Timi Zhuo Yi-Ting is a singer and actress from Taiwan.
She is now married to Jeremy Griggs, a circuit judge in the South West of England.
Kimito Totani is a Japanese actor from Shinagawa, Tokyo.
Her first television appearance was in the BBC comedy series Spin Off.
Bland played a leading role in the 1960s British soap, The Newcomers.
In 1947 he married Helen A. Syme at Cuckfield in Sussex.
Clifford has made the transition from actress to feminist stand-up comedian and performed her routine at the Bad Wolf Doctor Who convention in Birmingham, July 2007.
The plays she wrote for the BBC's Thirty-Minute Theatre series were "Keep on Running" and "Magnolia Summer" and for The Wednesday Play "Kippers & Curtains".
Ai Hazuki is a Japanese actress and junior idol from Tokyo.
Sam Smith is a former English child actor.
If Dawes was late for a rehearsal, he had to pay a fine of "twelve pence," one shilling.
Later, as a solo artist, he has now released many albums and has acted important roles in numerous movies and television dramas.
Bennett Pang Kin-san is a Hong Kong musician, singer and actor.
He is notable for his appearance in the title role in 2008's Clone.
Before he became an actor, he was a drummer for a three piece band based in Huddersfield.
He was born on June 20, 1983 and has appeared in several dramas.
Hu Jun is a Chinese actor best known for playing dramatic roles in various films and television series.
Fraser Stuart Ayres is an English actor, best known for his role as Clint in the BBC comedy series The Smoking Room.
She appeared on the Sky One show Cirque de Celebrité and was voted out in the sixth week.
She joined the cast of soap opera Hollyoaks in June 2006, playing Mercedes McQueen.
In 2010, he was also voted the 34th Most Trusted Malaysian in a poll conducted by Reader's Digest.
Alongside their composition and publishing company, Goody set up Soho Square Studios audio post-production in 2011.
He has a younger brother, Charlie, and a younger sister, India.
Maria Cordero, MH is a singer, actress, TV Host and DJ from Macau.
Her single, "Do You Want My Love" also entered the US music charts.
He appeared in 50 films and television shows between 1943 and 1984.
Don Li was a finalist in Talent Show 2002 in Hong Kong.
She played Judy in the National Theatre's production of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.
Edmund Pegge is an Australian actor, who has worked in both Australia and the United Kingdom.
Glennie's films include "Escape from the Sea", CFF, "The Bunker", TimeLife.
McMurray comes from a variety theatre background as both her parents, grandparents and aunts were renowned variety artistes represented by the agents Lew and Leslie Grade.
Raquel Josephine Dominic Cassidy is an English actress.
She was known to millions of viewers as schoolgirl Laura Reagan in the BBC school drama Grange Hill, a role she played from 1986-1988.
Tanya Lopert is a French actress and the daughter of Ilya Lopert.
A sample of "Train Sequence" from the LP A Journey Into Stereo Sound was used by different artists like Eric B.
Sawamura married fellow Japanese actor Kamatari Fujiwara in the Seven Samurai) in 1936.
In 1955, Frankham moved to Hollywood to pursue a career as an actor.
He played the painter Julien Breughel in the 1935 film Carnival in Flanders.
He also co-hosted the Fun with Liza and Gods series with Liza Wang, Johnson Lee and Wong Cho-Lam.
Jun has also worked as a model.
She is also known for the 2014 television drama Ashita, Mama ga Inai, in which she starred alongside child actresses Mana Ashida and Rio Suzuki.
Iwamura also fulfills some "stand-in" roles as Izumi Kanai, Noriko Nakagawa, Hirono Shimizu, and Haruka Tanizawa [1].
Renaud had a son, Jean-Pierre Granval, by her first marriage.
She was Miss Kiev at age 18.
Isabelle Corey was a French actress and model.
She gave her debut in the Carry On Laughing sitcom series in 1975.
Anna Anka is a Swedish-American model, actress and author.
Lorna Lewis was an American actress who moved to the UK in the 1970s.
He guest starred as well in episodes of ABC's Stoney Burke and Love, American Style along with Hawaii Five-O on CBS.
All of his subsequent screen roles have been on television rather than in films.
She died at the age of 71 due to complications following brain surgery.
He appeared in more than 60 films and television shows between 1949 and 1988.
The role he is most known for is as Makito Ozu/MagiGreen in Mahou Sentai Magiranger.
She studied at the Central School of Speech and Drama, and landed her first role with the National Theatre in 'Sweeney Todd'.
Lavelle's performance as Beatrice in A View from the Bridge with the National Student Drama Festival won a Sunday Times Outstanding Performance Award, Scarborough.
Sandra Ng Kwan-yu is a Hong Kong film and television actress.
He is currently an artist under the management of Huayi Brothers.
For his various contributions to the spread of Chinese culture, Han was chosen as a torch bearer for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
She was a Swedish actress during the silent film era.
The actor is notable for his role as the Governor of York, nephew of King Edward I in Mel Gibson's Braveheart.
Her daughter is the actress Elizabeth Counsell.
She has also appeared in ITV drama William and Mary as Mrs Rick, alongside Martin Clunes.
He also starred as Harold Perkins in the acclaimed BBC TV series Big Jim and the Figaro Club which was broadcast in July and August 1981.
Saki Kagami, born on February 26, 1985 is a Japanese actress.
The last years Kessel has been engaged to performance poetry.
She played Mrs Baxter on stage at the Blanche Theatre in Stockholm in 1922 as well as in radio 1933.
Recent film: Brutus in Coriolanus directed by and starring Ralph Fiennes, Nae Caranfil's Closer to the Moon and David Hare's Wall.
Ho also appeared in the 2003 tokusatsu film Kamen Rider 555: Paradise Lost as Leo/Kamen Rider Psyga; the first non-Japanese Kamen Rider.
She has acted in TV soaps and Shakespeare.
Simone Bourday was a French stage and film actress.
Jonathan Linsley is an English actor who made his professional debut in 1980.
Kazuya Nakayama is a Japanese actor and producer known for films such as Izo and Agitator directed by Takashi Miike.
He is best known for portraying Alasdair Sinclair in Emmerdale and restaurant manager James Schofield in Hotel Babylon.
She is noted for her distinct, whispery vocal style and known equally for singing mainstream ballads and more alternative songs.
In the late 1670s she became mistress to the actor Joseph Haines, and died in 1681 giving birth to his stillborn child.
Mike Morgan, born John Michael Pughe-Morgan, was a British actor.
Anderzon died of spinal cancer in her home on 24 October 2014.
Matthew Jay Lewis made a brief return to Hollyoaks in March 2007.
Leung is also a seven-time winner of Hong Kong Film Award and three-time winner of Golden Horse Film Awards.
Mansai was nominated by the Japanese Academy for best actor for his performance in The Floating Castle.
Ayumi Kinoshita is a Japanese actress and voice actress.
He studied economics at night classes of Nihon University, but dropped out.
Johnson Lee is a Hong Kong TVB actor and celebrity impersonator.
He died on 24 January 2008 after complications resulting from a fall.
She was born and died in London.
His previous ambition was to become a full-time hair stylist.
Polly Ward was a British singer and actress.
As an actress, she has appeared in 14 films since 1990, most notably in Teddy Chan's 1994 Category-III film, Twentysomething.
Caldicot worked virtually right up till his death in October 1995.
In 1953, she played Aunt Sally in the BBC television series Worzel Gummidge Turns Detective.
His performance in Jahnu Barua's Halodhia Choraye Baodhan Khai earned him the Silver Leopard Best Actor’s award at the Locarno International Film Festival.
Liang Po Po: The Movie was one of his most notable performances of a gangster figure.
and in 2011 he appeared as Leonard Glickman in The Shadow Line.
Ruriko Asaoka, born 2 July 1940 in Xinjing, Manchukuo, is a Japanese actress.
Cheung was discovered by Wong Jing, with whom she worked on many of his productions in the early 1990s.
Teiji Takahashi was a Japanese film actor.
He first performed on the stage in 1930.
Marika Hayashi is a Japanese actress and voice actress as part of the Yen member theater group, from Kanagawa Prefecture.
Her 1961 film Love Mates was originally entitled Angels, Do They Exist?
Hidetaka Yoshioka is a Japanese actor known for his performance in several movies as a child and lately the award-winning TV drama Dr. Koto Shinryojo.
Jean Boht is an English actress, most famous for the role of Nellie Boswell in Carla Lane's sitcom Bread.
He is the twin brother of actor Shinpei Takagi.
Bai Hong was a Chinese actress and singer born Bai Li Zhu in Beijing.
He had his first notable role in 1960 as a thug in Akira Kurosawa's The Bad Sleep Well, and worked with the director again on Sanjuro.
In 1995 he won a César Award for Best Actor with Le Fils préféré.
Tsurutaro Kataoka is a Japanese former professional boxer, TV personality, actor, and artist.
She has appeared in more than sixty films since 1971.
Which jumpstarted both her singing and acting career.
Her second film, おさな妻, earned her the Golden Arrow Award for Newcomer of the Year.
Apart from her acting career, she is also a dancer, having graduated from Beijing Dance Academy in 1993.
She has also starred in musicals in Sweden.
Peter Tilbury, is a British actor and writer.
David Penn was a regular on The Sorcerer's Apprentice Extra, a follow-up programme broadcast the following day on BBC Two.
The show was nominated for an "ACCTA" for best drama series in Australia.
He also played a small role in the film Highlander.
She died as a result of a suicide at the age of 26 while at the peak of her career.
He has also appeared in ITV soap Coronation Street as Bookmaker Harry Mason.
Coman died of a suspected heart attack on 13 July 2010 at her mother's grave in All Saints Church's cemetery, Liverpool.
More recently, she worked on the PlayStation 3 game Heavenly Sword, providing motion capture for and voicing the character Whiptail.
Francis Perrin is not to be confused with the recurring character of Francis Veber, François Perrin / François Pignon.
She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1952 for her performance as Marie Charlet in Moulin Rouge, directed by John Huston.
He is best known for playing Blane in the BBC children's comedy adventure M.I.
Lottie Blackford was a British actress of the silent era.
Her film and television acting work has included I Dreamed of Africa, Maigret, The Hotel Majestic and a video for the Kinks' song Lost and Found.
He played the role of Kinji Takigawa in the 2015 Super Sentai TV series Shuriken Sentai Ninninger.
He was born in Kyoto and graduated from Heian High School.
She has also performed in other television dramas and comedy films such as the role of Reiko in Tora-san, the Intellectual.
As a teenager he won a silver medal in weightlifting at the 1984 Summer Paralympics.
James Gilbey is a former British actor.
Cheng has gained much recognition as an actor in most parts of Asia, particularly Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Philippines and Japan.
Tse's main claim to fame was her 2008 song, "Wedding Invitation Street", which was widely successful and swept many prestigious year-end music awards.
He played Tom Seaton, one of the two sons in the Seaton family at the centre of the series.
Adel Bencherif is a French actor of Tunisian origin.
Delaval Thomas Harold Astley, 23rd Baron Hastings is an English baron, actor and farmer.
Helen Goss was a British film actress.
She was friendly with Schlesinger and appeared in small parts in several of his films.
His father was William Hawken, his wife was Laura Sammons.
He signed a contract with Warner Music Taiwan in 2008 and released his debut album, Jam Hsiao, in the same year.
He is best known for playing unconventional characters and comedic characters.
Julian Cheung Chi-lam, better known by his stage name Chilam, is a Hong Kong singer and actor.
Despite his fame, Shi became a victim of the Anti-Rightist Movement in the mid-1950s and committed suicide soon thereafter.
Kellyanne graduated from Queen Margaret University College in 2004.
He had a featured role in the BBC docudrama A Royal Scandal.
Zhu Houren is a Singaporean MediaCorp actor, most notable for his role in Wok of Life.
Her mother is Japanese and her father is Taiwanese.
He then began a career in the 1910s as a stage manager.
Sam Bernard was an English-born American vaudeville comedian who also performed in musical theatre, comic opera and burlesque and appeared in a few silent films.
Willy Peters was a Swedish actor and director.
He played the role from January until July 2009.
The couple remained married until he died on 4 June 2011.
Schildt started as child actor when he was 7 years old.
Kenix Kwok Ho-ying is a Hong Kong actress with family roots in Zhongshan, Guangdong, China.
Ferre's next acting role was in the 2006 Japanese drama So-Run Movie.
He is most famous for playing a regular character in the BBC soap opera EastEnders.
He was notable for his sharp facial features, his long pointed nose and curiously piercing eyes.
Victoria Woodward is a British theatre, radio and television actress and voice coach.
In theatre he has appeared at The Young Vic in Generations and at The Royal Court in Incomplete and Random Acts of Violence.
John Ruddock was born on May 20, 1897 in Lima, Peru as John Reynolds Ruddock.
She has starred in several British television dramas and comedies.
In 2010, he appeared in panto at the Alhambra Theatre, Bradford as one of the Seven Dwarves in Snow White.
He played SV7 in the Doctor Who serial The Robots of Death and also appeared in Blake's 7 episode "The Web".
"My first inkling that it was possible to be a professional actor was when a boy at school got a scholarship to RADA," remembered Quilter.
Plunkett appeared in 12 films, in supporting roles.
Bromley died of cancer in Worthing, Sussex on 14 August 1987 aged 78.
Johan Rabaeus is a Swedish actor who was born in Stockholm but grew up in Paris and Geneva.
Sam Beazley was an English stage, film and television actor.
Jacquin co-directed the 1933 comedy film Les deux 'Monsieur' de Madame.
In September 2014, he joined BBC's original drama series Our Girl as Captain Charles James.
He also appeared in an episode of the 1960s American television series Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea in 1965.
Henry O is an actor from China.
She came to the screen in 1916 in a film called Iron Justice and chiefly appeared in comedy roles.
Xu played the wife of Bruce Willis's character in the 2012 film Looper.
She also appeared in 'That Peter Kay Thing'.
Suzy Bloom is a film/stage actress whose credits range from West End musicals and plays to BAFTA nominated film and mainstream television drama.
He retired from acting in the 1980s after The Cannonball Run.
Her compositions are known for their minimalistic movements yet complex transitions.
He has also been a martial arts and action director/choreographer.
Kwong Wa is a Hong Kong actor and singer.
In 1976, she won the Guldbagge Award for Best Actress for the film Release the Prisoners to Spring.
He then worked for Danny Lee's film production company.
He trained in Muay Thai, Karate and Boxing before starting his acting career.
Carl Jörgen Lindström is a Swedish former child actor.
Sally Rosanna Lavelle better known simply as Rosanna Lavelle, is an English actress.
Frederick "Fred" Cheng is a Canadian-born Hong Kong actor and singer.
Sauk has not only worked in films, he has also worked a lot on television.
Song, renowned as one of the most controversial people in China, could always attract nationwide attention after he publicizes his accusations toward different people.
He trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and made his first appearance at the Bristol Old Vic in 1968.
Married to actor Jan Malmsjö, with whom she has son, Jonas Malmsjö.
He is the son of Zhang Huaxun, who is also a Chinese film director.
He is best known for his roles as Karim Hussein in Swedish Television's drama series Andra Avenyn.
Norito Yashima is a Japanese stage actor who has been featured in movies, television shows, and specials.
He has also appeared in a cameo in the Kamen Rider G special and as in recurring role in the series Garo: Makai Senki.
Ahlstedt is seen inside the fort's Watch Tower and sets riddles for certain contestants; if the contestants give the correct answer, they receive a key.
She later appeared in The Bill, Doc Martin, Holby City, Hustle, Casualty, Ideal and Sensitive Skin, among other episodes.
He was featured in Nylon Magazine's 2012 Young Hollywood Issue.
He is a former member of the South Korean-Chinese boy group EXO and its sub-group EXO-M, having terminated his contract with S.M.
He was the father of Hou Yaohua and Hou Yaowen.
His friend, author Graham Murray, was at his bed-side when he died.
Hao Lei is a Chinese actress and singer.
She has been active as a model since senior high school, and as an actress made her debut in 1987.
In December 2010, Rush released her own fitness DVD, Debbie Rush's Bulge Buster Workout.
He joined the theatrical company "Wakakusa" at the age of 14..
He began acting in the theatre company Bungakuza and later co-founded Gekidan Kumo in 1963.
Marie Göranzon is since 1967 part of Sweden's Royal Dramatic Theatre-ensemble.
Born Thomas John Cooper, he attended Sutton Court Primary School in Chiswick and Latymer Upper School, Hammersmith.
Ivana Wong is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer-songwriter and actress.
He is noted for his lead role in the Swedish television series Tre Kronor as Reine, one of the series' main characters.
He won the award for best supporting actor at the 23rd Japan Academy Prize for Poppoya.
She has won three Japanese Academy Awards: the 2000 Best Actress award for Poppoya, and the 1979 awards for both Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress.
He is known mostly for founding the Haiyūza theatre company, and translating and directing the works of Bertolt Brecht in post-World War II Japan.
Yang Li-Tsing, better known by her stage name Cynthia Yang is a Taiwanese actress and martial artist.
She is the first Playmate to have been born in the 1960s.
He has been a disciple of Shi Yongxin, the current abbot of Shaolin Temple, since he was two years old.
Born Yūzaki Kiyotsugu in Iga Province, Kan'ami also went by the names Miyomaru and Kanze Kiyotsugu.
In 1999, he played Bloch in Time Regained, which also starred his mother Catherine Deneuve.
He came to international attention for his performance in the 1993 film The Wedding Banquet.
She also has been a regular on MSNBC's The Larry Elder Show.
Terence Cooper was a British film actor, best known for his roles in Australian and New Zealand television and film.
Lasseby created an animation school in Eksjö; in 1996 this became the first college-level animation training program in Sweden.
The cause of death was a Heart attack.
She appeared in 134 films between 1950 and 1994.
and its 1980s successor Copy Cats on which he was noted for his impressions of Frank Sinatra.
A game addict, he often acted only for money in films that did not stretch his acting ability.
Alex Fong Chung-sun is a Hong Kong actor.
This uses a candle which, should it stop burning before the end, is taken as 'proof' of guilt.
She moved to Canada with her family at age 6 and grew up in the Edmonton area.
Yōko Asaji is a Japanese actress from Shimizu, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Cox performed most often at the Red Bull Theatre, long a center of popular entertainment.
He has also played policemen in Fallen Angel, Hustle, Outnumbered and Prime Suspect.
She was formerly married to Éric Hubert in 1997 and divorced in 2004.
In 1903 she appeared as Aurora in Le Royaume des fées.
Their son, Sho Wada, is the guitarist and vocalist of Triceratops.
Burns has appeared in several films including: The Changeling, Zorro, the Gay Blade, If You Could See What I Hear, and Utilities.
Lavelle has won critical praise for her stage roles.
She more or less retired from acting in the late 1980s, and during the 1990s hosted an evening television show for the CFMT channel in Toronto.
Gill Mohinderpaul Singh, better known by his Chinese stage name Q Bobo, is a Hong Kong actor of Indian descent working under TVB.
He is the son of Oscar-winning actor David Niven and his wife Primula Rollo.
He appeared in The Last Station alongside James McAvoy and Paul Giamatti as well as Me and Orson Welles alongside Claire Danes.
Born in Paris, Maurin began her acting career in 1955.
Spalding is also the brother-in-law of Darrell Hair.
Marina Kuroki is a Japanese actress and gravure idol best known for her appearances in the Sailor Moon musicals series.
Born in Paris as Jacques de Jouette, he appeared in an impressive number of films from the early sixties.
Rivers left Les Chats Sauvages in 1962 to pursue a solo career.
Cartwright was cast in the first series of ITV Drama Fearless in 2017.
Patrick Kennedy is an English actor in over 16 films and television shows.
Anny Lilian Johansson is a Swedish actress.
Nicholas McGaughey is a Welsh television actor best known for playing the character of Brandon Monk in the Welsh soap Pobol y Cwm.
She starred in Rodan and many other Japanese movies and TV shows.
Li Yuchun, also known as Chris Lee, is a Chinese singer, songwriter, and actress.
Xu was enrolled in the Beijing Film Academy in 1956.
Jeanette Aw Ee-Ping, better known by her stage name Ou Xuan, is a Singaporean actress and author.
She was the first Miss Sweden to place in nine years.
Arata Iura, formerly better known by his stage name Arata, is a Japanese actor, model and fashion designer.
Ambrosine Phillpotts was a British actress of theatre, TV and film.
She has had a minor musical career as a member of the now dissolved girl group 3T.
Tang is able to converse in English, Mandarin Chinese and simple Cantonese due to previously working in Hong Kong.
She is married to actor and director Justin Baldoni.
Akiko Nishina, born 3 April 1953 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress.
Kjellson was born in Kärna, Östergötland County.
Chu debuted in the industry through the Miss Hong Kong Pageant in 2012, finishing as the 2nd runner-up.
He also performed numerous roles for the BBC both on radio and television.
He played Max Pruss, in the documentary Hindenburg: The Untold Story.
In 1960 he starred in the BBC's production of An Age of Kings, playing King Henry VI in several episodes.
Between 1919 and 1957 Péclet played in ninety-five films.
He worked in TV and film from 1951 to 1997.
In 2009, she was listed by People as one of the "35 All-Time Screen Beauties" - the only Asian actress to make the list.
He was also a regular performer with the Shakespeare Festival.
Elizabeth Knepp or Knipp was a British actress, singer, and dancer.
She entered into a lifelong relationship with the Orientalist and translator Arthur Waley, whom she met in 1918 but never married.
She guest starred on various other shows such as The Saint, The Persuaders!,Man in a Suitcase, Paul Temple and Minder.
He eventually branched out to films, starting with Young Woodley in 1930.
Born in Hiroshima and raised in Tokyo, she made her J-Pop debut on 19 August 1995.
He studied Anthropology at Goldsmiths College, University of London and Hospitality Management at Westminster Hotel School and the University of North London.
Emney junior grew up in London and was educated at Cranleigh School.
From the 1970s onwards, he became a host of the classic variety show Enjoy Yourself Tonight, with occasional guest appearances in films.
Her specialties are playing piano, singing, and acting.
In 2005, his musical talent was discovered in Hong Kong and is now signed with Sony Music.
He served in the Signal Corps of the British Army during World War II.
Kiyotaka Imai is a Japanese actor and singer who starred in the musicals Evita, The Phantom of the Opera, and Les Misérables.
Hinako Saeki is a Japanese actress who was born on February 16, 1977 in Nara, Japan.
Power Chan Kwok-pong is an actor in Hong Kong.
He also had a role in the 1958 film Another Time, Another Place starring alongside Sean Connery and Lana Turner.
Ekborg was the father of actors Dan and Anders Ekborg.
Mark Kwok Yiu Ming is a TVB actor from 1995.
Greene was a continuity announcer on Ulster Television from 1959 until 1965.
Kirsten Cooke is an English stage actress who trained at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art, London.
Dagny Lind was a Swedish film actress.
In 1973, she married Sonny Chiba, with whom she co-starred in the TV series Key Hunter.
He also played several roles on television.
He also had a regular role as Kent Kiba/Dimensional Investigator Kent in Jikuu Keisatsu Wecker D-02.
Li has also won several Best Actor awards and was nominated every single year from 1997 to 2004.
Smith writes and records songs and poems, which are performed under the name Madam.
He has portrayed William Kempe in the period drama A Waste of Shame and the recurring character Tim Parker in Primeval.
She has a son named Dexter Yeung, who stars in the 2008 TVB Series Wasabi Mon Amour and Moonlight Resonance.
It ran at the Edinburgh Fringe 2006, winning a Fringe First and a Total Theatre Award.
Roy North is an English actor and television presenter, who played Mr Roy in Basil Brush.
Annabel Maule, is a British film and television actress.
Hiroyuki Miyasako is a Japanese actor and comedian, and plays the boke in Ameagari Kesshitai.
He has served as Cabinet Member for Culture and Leisure, as Lord Mayor of Bristol and as Deputy Leader of Council.
Qin Yi is a Chinese film and drama actress.
Josette Patricia Simon OBE is a British actress from Leicester of Antiguan descent.
Zhu Yuchen is a Chinese film actor.
He currently resides in Geneva, Switzerland, where he attends the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies, specialising in International Affairs.
Nicholas Le Prevost is an English actor.
Bokuzen Hidari was a Japanese actor and comedian born in Kotesashi Village, Iruma District, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.
In August 2014 she starred with Dany Boon in the television film Eyjafjallajökull, le volcan.
Julian Chagrin is a British-Israeli comedy actor.
For a brief spell in the 1990s, Shum left TVB to work at rival ATV.
He also revealed that his relationship with Chilam were like cousins.
Actually, Shermon's childhood ambition was to become a lawyer or a nurse.
He played "Ray" in the BBC Three drama pilot West 10 LDN.
He was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
Margaret Lacey was a Welsh actress and ballet teacher.
He had regular roles in the BBC drama series Silent Witness and Fish, and in the comedy Big Bad World.
It subsequently got published and premiered at the The Park Theatre London in January 2015.
In America he used the stage name Christopher Kent.
He has played guest roles on television series such as The Office, Hex, and The Sopranos.
Mary Jean Reimer, also known as Yung Jing-Jing, is a Hong Kong solicitor, insurance agent and actress.
Smith played the protagonist in his 1979 Play for Today about the death of Elvis Presley, Long Distance Information, directed by Stephen Frears.
He won his second "Best Mandarin Male Singer" award in 2015, for the album rice & shine.
as Sam Charmichael, as well as Forbidden Broadway, Sugar Hill Blues, The Great White Hope, Aspects of Love, Waiting for Godot, and Wind in the Willows.
He both wrote and sang the songs "Plast's sång" and "Lägg av!
He played Uncle Fred in Frankenstein's Wedding on 19 March 2011.
Her father, John Woodvine, is also an actor.
He was the son of the stage actor/manager Sir John Martin-Harvey and brother of actress Muriel Martin-Harvey.
In 2012, Beevers appeared as Fray Antonio in the Royal Shakespeare Company production of Helen Edmundson's The Heresy of Love.
Her half-brother was born in Canada but after due to stepfather's deception, her mother divorced again.
Other acting credits include Crossroads, Heartbeat, Clocking Off, Fallen, Casualty and most recently a role in BBC daytime serial drama Doctors.
Kjellson won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 1978.
Her best-known role is Sammi in Pages of Treasures.
She has more recently worked alongside Clunes in Doc Martin, in which she played cellist Holly.
If he missed a rehearsal entirely, the fine was 2 s.
Athena Chu is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
After leaving Blake's 7 Knyvette studied for an English and drama degree at the University of London.
He was a student of Zhao Benshan and was an errenzhuan performer before joining the film and television industry.
Lukac won the 2012 Guldbagge Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role and other awards for her role in the film Eat Sleep Die.
She was married to actor Hideaki Nitani until his death in 2012.
She served as a spy for the leftists during the Spanish civil war, and for Sweden in Stockholm during World War II.
In addition to his older brother Michael, Stanley had an older maternal half-brother who Stan and Michael only knew of after their mother's death in 1989.
Geoffrey Beevers is a British actor who has appeared in many different stage and screen roles.
The Martin character has Asperger syndrome, an Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Becky Lee is a Hong Kong TVB actress and host.
He is counted amongst the Fifth Generation of Chinese filmmakers, having made his directorial debut in 1987 with Red Sorghum.
He married actress Jo Bourne-Taylor in 2004.
He is best known for his role as Heshen, a corrupt Qing Dynasty official favoured by the Qianlong Emperor, in many television series.
Annika Maria Lundqvist is a Swedish actress and comedian.
At the 2009 Shanghai International Film Festival he received the award for best male actor for his role in the Swedish/Danish film Original.
Madeleine Céliat was a French stage and film actress of the silent era.
Wayne Lai Yiu-cheung is a Hong Kong TVB actor.
Horace Hodges was a British stage and film actor and writer.
She is best known for her portrayal of Livia in the HBO/BBC production of Rome.
She originally wrote novels under the pseudonym Katherind van Goeben.
Aubrey Mather was an English character actor.
Her notable roles include The Dance of Passion, My Sister of Eternal Flower, Men with No Shadows and The Menu.
He was best known for his roles as Uno in the television soap opera Rederiet from 1992 until 2002.
She has had roles in Minder, Prime Suspect and Planespotting.
He headed the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels from 1 April 1752 until 15 March 1755.
Isa Quensel was a Swedish actress and operatic soprano who appeared in over 50 films, plays, operas, TV and radio shows.
He has appeared in many British television shows, including Doctors, Casualty, Holby City, Kavanagh QC and EastEnders, as Danny Fuller, and The Coroner
Joanna Taylor is an English actress and former model.
Isla Mary Bevan was a British stage and film actress from Peckham, London.
Cole has appeared in several other English television series such as The Royal, Cold Feet, Casualty, Heartbeat, Coronation Street and The Royal Today.
Internationally, he is best known for playing the pimp in Thriller – A Cruel Picture.
Sayaka Kanda is a Japanese actress and singer.
She has been a patron of Montage Theatre Arts in London since 2005, along with fellow British actress Sylvestra Le Touzel.
Thomas Heathcote was a British character actor.
He appeared at the Bournemouth Nightclub Elements on 20 February 2007 to give away sweets and Valentines signed lips to the girls in the 13-17 night.
Kang Cheng Xi, also known as Jiang Chengxi, is a Singaporean actor.
Here she remained twenty years, followed by fifteen at Covent Garden.
Justin Pickett is an actor best remembered for his role in the Channel 4 situation comedy Desmond's.
Darius taught at Mills College and Madeleine taught American students about French and French theatre.
Fake Ghost Catchers is marketed by Celestial Pictures as being made two years before Ghostbusters.
Anne Frida Carolin Stoltz,, is a Swedish actress, who is best known for her role as Ukrainian immigrant Olena Petrovich in the British TV soap Emmerdale.
Carl Fredrik Walter Ola Ohlsson is a Swedish actor.
Neil Fitzwiliam is an English actor who has made several appearances in theatre, film and television productions.
To anime fans, she is well known as the voice of Sakura in Urusei Yatsura.
Later she played some child roles at the Royal Dramatic Theatre.
She was a scholarship student at Wellesley College, but left before graduating to pursue a career in the entertainment industry.
Ewa Fröling was back on stage at Dramaten; in the title role as Vera in the success play by popular Swedish playwright Kristina Lugn, 2005.
He has appeared in more than 60 films and television shows since 1955.
She is known for playing the role of Ségolène in Serial Weddings.
Gaku Hamada is a Japanese film and television actor.
She had one child with Captain Hancock.
was known as the voice-over actor for commercials including Oxy 10, Oxy Clean from the 1980s to mid-1990s.
He has also appeared onstage, as in the 2005 London revival of Epitaph for George Dillon, and in the film Possession.
She was married to the actor Hugh Sinclair.
Li Yugang is a singer and a performer in the National Opera and Dancing company of China; a member of the National Youth Federation.
She is the daughter of Ingmar Bergman and Else Fisher and was born in Stockholm, Sweden.
She followed this with a course in Musical theatre at The Arts Educational Schools in London.
As for her musical career, she is best known for the singles "BLUE LIGHT Yokohama", "Anata nara Dō Suru, and "Sabaku no You na Tokyo de".
She was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1992.
As an actress she has appeared in several dramas, and in recent years she has concentrated more on her film career.
Mei Kurokawa is a Japanese actress and singer.
Masreliez worked at Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern as well as the theatres in Helsingborg, Malmö, Uppsala, and Gothenburg.
She won the award for best actress at the 22nd Hochi Film Award for Paradise Lost.
Yin Xiangjie is a Chinese Mandopop singer, host, and actor.
Olivier Marchal is a French actor, director, screenwriter, and a former policeman.
Her feature film credits include Laughter in the Dark and the role of Janice in Alfonso Cuarón's 2006 film Children of Men.
She has four children,one of them is actor Anton Lundqvist.
After 1956 she was engaged at many theatres, among them Östgötateatern and Riksteatern.
Måns Herngren was married to Lena Philipsson from 1993 to 2002.
He began his acting career in a number of musical theatre productions.
She had previously appeared in the Potter play Stand Up, Nigel Barton, also as a schoolteacher.
She made her singing debut in 1979; in 1982 she got an early break on the television show Owarai Manga Dōjō.
On Goodtime Girls, she worked with Ginty's second wife, actress Lorna Patterson.
He has two roles in "Wife's Secret".
Race Wong hoped to focus her acting on roles beyond her youthful and sweet appearance.
Hikaru Yamamoto is a Japanese actress from Osaka Prefecture.
Yam used to say humbly: "What do I know?
The furore that followed publication left her deeply unhappy.
His primary acting credit is in Au revoir, les enfants.
She began as a figurative dancer, from 1753 to 1772, under the name of Mlle Sophie, before becoming an actress until 1775.
Most of her acting career has been in Greater China, but she has also appeared in notable North American films and TV series.
She also voices characters in Star Wars: The Old Republic.
JJ Lin is a Singaporean singer, songwriter, record producer and actor based in Taiwan.
His booming popularity allowed him to rank 9th on Forbes China Celebrity list in 2015.
She was also Nola Marsh in Crossroads.
He starred in the film Leva på 'Hoppet', which won the Silver Bear award at the 1st Berlin International Film Festival.
He directed the 1915 crime film After Dark.
In 2003 Haliwell took a short break from Emmerdale for personal reasons.
After this, he did several TV advertisements.
She appeared in 101 films between 1920 and 1969.
Some of her films are Barnen från Frostmofjället and Klassfesten.
Li Xiaolu, also known as Jacqueline Li, is a Chinese actress and singer.
Jacques Herlin was a French character actor.
Gina recently got married to her husband, Blayne and plans to start a family in the next year.
Gilles-Jean-Benoît Lecatte, known as Folleville, was a French actor mainly active in Brussels.
Hilary Pritchard was a British film and television actress.
Lee is best known for his role as Sha Jang in the Hong Kong television series The Monkey King: Quest for the Sutra.
She also appeared in Z-Cars for the BBC, Thriller, Blake's 7, Cribb, Horse in the House and A Little Princess.
Born as Edna Pearl Brown, her film career began with an uncredited part in The Ghosts of Berkeley Square in 1947.
In 2015 he directed the film The Left Ear.
Jack Wu is a television actor and host from Hong Kong, working for TVB.
He lost his daughter Géraldine, an actress herself, murdered when she was just thirty-six, in Villeneuve-sur-Yonne.
Six cast lists for five plays survive for the company; Allen is one of only two men who is included in all six lists.
Kaho Minami is a Japanese actress of Korean descent active in film, television and commercials.
In 2014 he was one of the three recipients of the first Dadabhai Naoroji Awards.
C. M. Hallard was a Scottish actor.
He starred in Abe Kōbō's production of The Man Who Turned Into A Stick, a surrealist play, in 1969.
She appeared in more than 80 films between 1921 and 1966.
At the time of her death, she was cast as Charlotte Dimandias in the anime Hundred.
He was a familiar character actor on British television screens, guest starring in most prime time dramas and comedies throughout the seventies and eighties.
Julian Harries is a British actor and playwright who works mostly in Suffolk, England.
As a student Berg attended the Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm.
Lee Hsin Chiao, known professionally by his stage name King Kong Lee, is a Taiwanese actor and comedian.
Jonathan Charles Slinger is an English actor.
She immigrated to the United States at age 10.
Ju Jingyi is a Chinese idol singer and a member of Chinese idol girl group SNH48.
Many of Karl Gerhard’s plays and songs are politically to the left, and during the 1930s and World War II, they contained clear anti-fascist statements.
He played 14-year-old Jack, a troubled teenager; he said he could relate to the character as his parents divorced when he was young.
