The XB-1 was the first aircraft named using just a B- designation.
The aircraft's first flight was on 27 October 1979, and it entered service with the Royal Air Force in 1986.
The Renard R.30 was a prototype trimotor airliner built in Belgium in 1931.
Designed in December 1944, the P.13b was a further development of the similarly delta-winged Lippisch P.13a, which was also a ramjet fighter.
The Lancair 360 is a two-seat aircraft marketed in kit form.
The Wibault 7 was a 1920s French monoplane fighter designed and built by Société des Avions Michel Wibault.
There were bomb racks in the place of the passenger cabin, as well as ventral hooks for other ordnance.
The Avia BH-1 was a two-seat sports plane built in Czechoslovakia in 1920.
Only 24 production examples of the type were built before the contract was cancelled.
The 737 series is the best-selling jet commercial airliner in history.
However the Battle was weighed down with a three-man crew and a bomb load.
At least the pre-production aircraft appear to have been built by 2008.
The Curtiss CS was a reconnaissance and torpedo bomber aircraft used by the United States Navy during the 1920s.
The first of two prototypes flew on 24 April 1947, and at the time, was the largest rotorcraft to fly in the United States.
Because its large profile and low operating altitudes make it an easy target, it usually flies close air support missions at night.
However, due to a downturn in the light aircraft market at that time, only three of the SIPA variant were produced before production was halted.
It is available in passenger, freighter and other versions.
All six were in service with the 51st Independent Fighter Group at Zemun near the capital, Belgrade.
The Lockheed XF-104 was a single-engine, high-performance, supersonic interceptor prototype for a United States Air Force series of lightweight and simple fighters.
It is manufactured by The Spaceship Company, a California-based company owned by Virgin Galactic.
The Fokker M.7 was a German observation aircraft of World War I, used by the armed forces of both Germany and Austro-Hungary.
It was a revised version of the Polikarpov R-5 which was built in large numbers between 1935 and 1937.
The fighter was not accepted for production as it was inferior to the swept-wing fighters like the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15.
Various models were in production until the late 1940s.
The MD-80 series was introduced into commercial service on October 10, 1980 by Swissair.
The prototype S.61 was evaluated by the French Air Force alongside the S.51 as a potential new fighter, but like its stablemate, was rejected.
Established as a separate service in 1923, the Regia Aeronautica relied upon World War I-vintage Caproni Ca.3 bombers, and a replacement was soon sought.
The overhaul and upgrade program is known as project number 2091 of the Iranian Helicopter Support and Renewal Company.
A version with reduced fuel capacity was marketed as the G500.
After evaluation, it was not ordered into production and no further examples were built.
Deliveries of the 747-8F freighter version began in October 2011; deliveries of the 747-8I passenger version began in May 2012.
The experimental transport aircraft combined the capabilities of a helicopter for vertical take-off and landing with those of a fixed-wing aircraft for cruise.
A few were sold, two to notable multi-millionaires; Harold Vanderbilt and Garfield Wood each purchasing one.
In addition to airline use initially in the United States, it was used by the United States Coast Guard and United States Navy as the RM-1G.
As of 30 June 2017, a total of 7,660 Airbus A320-family aircraft have been delivered, of which 7,329 are in service.
A BH-11A and a BH-11C are preserved at the Prague Aviation Museum, Kbely.
The Brochet MB.120 was a two-seat light aircraft developed in France in the 1950s.
The prototype, a modified L-80 first flew on February 12, 1985.
It carried eight passengers and a pilot.
The Freedom Aviation Phoenix was a single-engine four-seat American airplane that was sold as a homebuilt composite canard aircraft.
The Soko J-22 Orao is a Yugoslav twin-engined, subsonic ground-attack and reconnaissance aircraft.
The A-22 meets the definition of an FAI microlight.
The frame and structure of the Silver Dart were made of steel tube, bamboo, friction tape, wire and wood.
However, while the C.205 was able to match the best Allied opponents in speed and maneuverability, it was introduced late in the conflict.
The Blackburn B-3 was a prototype British torpedo bomber designed and built by Blackburn Aircraft as a potential replacement for the Ripon.
In 1988, a non-flying replica was constructed for the 80th anniversary of Roe's first flight and is displayed at the Brooklands Museum.
The ASW 19 is a single-seat glider built by Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co.
The Il-54, as built, had a very thin 45 degree swept wing with anhedral, which was shoulder-mounted on the fuselage.
CJC-3 was an experimental tandem rotor helicopter developed in Taiwan during the 1950s under the director of Major General C.J.
The airline operated around thirty examples on routes between western European cities until 1932.
The Ku-2 flew 262 test flights between October 1940 and May 1941 before being damaged beyond repair in a crash.
In July 2010, it flew an entire diurnal solar cycle, including nearly nine hours of night flying, in a 26-hour flight.
The Furio may be powered by a range of four cylinder horizontally opposed piston aircraft engines.
The wings and tail were similar to those of the Albatros D.VII.
Once this had happened, CFM built two batches of 10 aircraft, delivering them in 1928 and 1930 as the Sk 6.
The Langley Aerodrome was a pioneering but unsuccessful manned, powered flying machine designed at the close of the 19th century by Smithsonian Institution Secretary Samuel Langley.
Only one aircraft was ever produced, and this aircraft saw service with a Ukrainian airline.
The immediate solution was to repurpose the Ca.73 as a warplane by adding a gunner's position in the nose, dorsally, and ventrally amidships.
The T-211 is a light aircraft designed in the US by John Thorp in 1945.
It was a lightly armed low-wing cantilever monoplane with a radial engine, fixed undercarriage and open cockpit.
Although two prototypes were ordered in 1955, development was cancelled the same year in favor of the F4H Phantom II before any examples were built.
The PL-4A is a conventional, low-wing cantilever monoplane with an enclosed cabin and fixed, tailwheel undercarriage.
The Ka-22 carried a large payload, having a hold comparable in size to the Antonov An-12.
The Loire-Nieuport LN.40 family of French naval dive-bombers for the Aeronavale in the late 1930s which saw service during World War II.
As of 2014, the WS-61 Sea King remains in operation in Britain, as well as several export customers: Germany, Norway, Egypt and India.
The Junior had a top speed of 80 mph, a capacity of a pilot and one passenger, and a range of 200 miles.
The Miles M.8 Peregrine was a 1930s British twin-engined light transport monoplane designed by Miles Aircraft Limited.
The latter machine was grounded in 1967.
Under development is the CH-53K King Stallion, which will be equipped with new engines, new composite material rotor blades, and a wider aircraft cabin.
Several companies submitted design proposals; the USAF selected proposals from Northrop and Lockheed.
The Rolladen-Schneider LS10 is a 18 metre sailplane designed by the Rolladen-Schneider firm that was first flown as a prototype in 2003.
The Curtiss O-52 "Owl" was an observation aircraft used by the United States Army Air Corps before and during World War II.
The Kawasaki Ki-100 was a fighter aircraft used by the Imperial Japanese Army Air Service in World War II.
Both airliners incorporated fly-by-wire flight control technology, first introduced on an Airbus aircraft with the A320, as well as the A320's six-display glass cockpit.
The Aero A.25 was a biplane military trainer aircraft developed in Czechoslovakia from the Aero A.11 reconnaissance-bomber and generally similar to the Aero A.21 night trainer.
The new version without the foreplane was known as the Headless Pusher.
During the late 1950s, the Skeeter entered service with the British Army Air Corps, the German Navy, and the German Army.
One of the most crucial factors in the commercial viability of a supersonic transport is the strength of the sonic boom it generates.
It first flew in late 1917 and was found to be inferior to the Schütte-Lanz D.III, and as a result production was not started.
In 1929, Rohrbach produced nine examples of a substantially updated Roland for Luft Hansa.
A production licence was sold to the Spanish company Compañía Española de Construcciones Aeronáuticas, which built twelve fitted with Hispano-Suiza engines in 1916.
It was a single engined parasol winged aircraft, with the wing installed on a thin pylon and a pair of short struts.
The NC-4 is preserved in the National Museum of Naval Aviation, at NAS Pensacola, Florida.
The Macchi M.19 was a 1920s Italian single-seat racing flying boat designed and built by Macchi for the 1920 Schneider Trophy race.
It carried 12 passengers, four more than the F.VII, and had a larger wing and more powerful engines.
In July 2015, 738 of the narrow-body twinjets were in airline service; Delta Air Lines is the largest operator with 138 aircraft.
The A-12's final mission was flown in May 1968, and the program and aircraft retired in June.
The design initially featured a conventional tailplane and elevator which was later replaced by an all-moving tailplane in the -Pe and Ka 6E variants.
At its peak in 1933, the CR.20 equipped 27 squadrons of the Italian Regia Aeronautica.
The Hindustan Ardhra was a sailplane designed in India for pilot training by the government's Civil Aviation Department in the late 1970s as the ATS-1 Ardhra.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.84, not to be confused with the Savoia-Marchetti S.84 airliner prototype, was an Italian bomber aircraft of World War II.
Its successors included the Tu-124, the Tu-134 and the Tu-154.
The Yakovlev Yak-16 was a Soviet light transport that first flew in 1947.
A single Senior Skyrocket was bought by the United States Navy in 1938 for use as a utility transport, designated JE-1.
The engine installation was further unorthodox in that none of the three engines were enclosed in nacelles, remaining instead fully exposed.
The YE-5A, delivered in 1973, was used in tests relating to the radar detectability of composite aircraft.
The Fledgling was a conventional biplane design with two-bay, staggered wings of equal span braced with N-struts.
Ilyushin was also very aware of the vulnerability of the system to combat damage, but he was ordered by GUAP to use this system.
The largest of the series, it designed for long-distance flights.
The last aircraft existing is on display at the RAF Museum Cosford.
The BQM-74 Chukar is a series of aerial target drones produced by Northrop.
They were withdrawn from operational service in March 1941 but continued to serve in a training capacity until October 1942.
A new replic it is building to locate in El Calafate, Province of Santa Cruz, Argentine.
However, all rudders require very high forces and it is less agile.
Four airships, designated M-1 through M-4, were delivered in early 1944.
The Piper PA-46 Malibu and Matrix are a family of American light aircraft manufactured by Piper Aircraft of Vero Beach, Florida.
Large numbers of Cubs are still flying today.
Between mid-1950 and September 1954, multiple squadrons of RAF Sunderlands saw combat action during the Korean War.
The Ju 488 V401 and V402 fuselages were completed by 1944, but were damaged by the French Resistance on 16 July 1944.
The Sukhoi Su-47 Berkut, also designated S-32 and S-37 during initial development, was an experimental supersonic jet fighter developed by Sukhoi Aviation Corporation.
The Yakovlev Yak-18 was a Soviet tandem two-seat military primary trainer aircraft.
The W.8 was subsequently revised to give the W.8b, W.8e, W.9 and W.10
In the latter capacity, it saw action during the Six-Day War, the Salvadoran Civil War, the Western Sahara War, and the Congo Crisis.
At one time 1200 of the aircraft had been ordered.
The armed versions of the AS550 and AS555 can be fitted with coaxial weapons, rockets, torpedoes and various other munitions.
The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a single-engine supersonic multirole fighter aircraft originally developed by General Dynamics for the United States Air Force.
The spaceplane's first orbital mission, USA-212, was launched on 22 April 2010 using an Atlas V rocket.
The Brditschka HB-3, HB-21 and HB-23 are a family of motor gliders of unorthodox configuration developed in Austria in the early 1970s.
The IK-2 was designed by French-trained engineers Kosta Sivčev and Ljubomir Ilić, who saw the desirability of a developing a home-grown aircraft industry.
The Lockheed P-7 was a four turboprop-engined patrol aircraft ordered by the U.S. Navy as a replacement for the P-3 Orion.
The Kinner C-7 Envoy was a 1930s American four-seat cabin monoplane built by Kinner Airplane & Motor Corporation.
It also may have been flown with a Curtiss OXX engine.
The Focke-Wulf Ta 283 was a German swept-wing, ramjet-powered interceptor aircraft proposal during World War II.
The most built variant was the tactical reconnaissance Yak-27R.
Based on a 1939 design by Giovanni Galasso the aircraft did not enter production until 1943.
Developed to replace the Tupolev Tu-126 "Moss", the A-50 first flew in 1978.
The Caudron R.4 was a French World War I reconnaissance aircraft.
The plane featured a 300 horsepower six-cylinder engine.
The English Electric Wren was a 1920s British ultralight monoplane built by the English Electric Company Limited at Lytham St Annes, Lancashire.
The pilot sat in an open cockpit, while the two passengers were provided with an enclosed cabin within the fuselage.
The Brewster XA-32 was an American attack aircraft, a mid-wing type with an internal bomb bay.
The aircraft is available in the form of plans for amateur construction.
As a night fighter from mid-1942, the Mosquito intercepted Luftwaffe raids on Britain, notably those of Operation Steinbock in 1944.
Six examples were listed on the Finnish Civil Aviation Authority registry in 2011.
It was the last piston-engined bomber designed by Boeing for the United States Air Force.
The Hs 127 was a low-wing monoplane with monocoque fuselage.
The Hs 126 was well received for its good short takeoff and low-speed characteristics which were needed at the time.
The Sentry HP is larger, with greater payload capacity and an underwing stores capability.
The first order was placed in October 1995 by ValuJet Airlines; McDonnell Douglas and Boeing merged in 1997 prior to production.
In return, French M.S.406 squadrons had achieved 191 confirmed victories along with another 83 probable victories.
The Cessna 340 is a twin piston engine pressurized business aircraft that was manufactured by Cessna.
The Ju 60 was evaluated by Deutsche Luft Hansa against the Heinkel He 70.
Intended for short and medium-length flights, the 727 can use relatively short runways at smaller airports.
In August 2014, it was reported that Antonov An-124 production was stopped due to the ongoing political tensions between Russia and Ukraine.
Although nominally a fighter, it was mainly used to qualify piston-engine-experienced pilots to fly jets.
George Moffat of the USA flew the Nimbus in the 1970 World Gliding Championships at Marfa, Texas.
The Junkers A50 was a German sports plane of the 1930s, also called the A50 Junior.
On the ground, the propeller and rotor are stopped and power is diverted to the wheels, allowing it to travel as a three-wheeled car.
The Vought OS2U Kingfisher was an American catapult-launched observation floatplane.
The Type XV was extensively used as a trainer by both the RNAS and RFC, with 135 machines being purchased for this purpose.
The Beardmore W.B.VI was a British single-engine folding torpedo bomber biplane of World War I developed by Beardmore.
The design was unsuccessful and was abandoned in 1934.
It is designed to carry 50–58 passengers and cruise at a speed of 665 km/h.
A single example of the type was exported, sold to Denmark.
Options for the builder included the use of a Rotax engine in place of the Volkswagen unit, and a choice of tandem, tailwheel, or tricycle undercarriage.
The aircraft was mainly used by the Regia Aeronautica, but it also saw limited use with the German Luftwaffe, who used it against the French resistance.
The Grahame-White Type XI was an early aircraft built in the United Kingdom and marketed as being particularly well-suited to military applications.
The Wright XF3W was an American racing aircraft built by Wright Aeronautical for the United States Navy.
300 aircraft were licence-built by Pfalz Flugzeugwerke as the Pfalz C.I, differing in ailerons on all four wings.
The monoplane configuration created less drag, and thus gave greater speed.
The Airbus A330 is a medium- to long-range wide-body twin-engine jet airliner made by Airbus, a division of Airbus Group.
The Saab 90 Scandia was a civil passenger aeroplane, manufactured by the Svenska Aeroplan Aktiebolaget, in Linköping, Sweden.
The Douglas A-33 was an updated version of the Northrop A-17 for the export market, with a more powerful engine and increased bomb load.
The tail was also wood-framed and both wings and tail were covered with doped fabric.
The pilot and observer sat in tandem, open cockpits.
The Alabatros W.5 was a floatplane torpedo bomber used by Germany during World War I.
The plane, N7224U, was rolled out from the assembly line on December 12, 1961 and its first flight was on January 16, 1962.
The Rockwell B-1 Lancer is a supersonic variable-sweep wing, heavy bomber used by the United States Air Force.
The MB.200 was a French bomber aircraft of the 1930s designed and built by Societé des Avions Marcel Bloch.
40 HB2 was a three-seated French, amphibious biplane aircraft that was designed in 1917.
The F.70 was an unequal-span two-bay biplane with a wooden fuselage and was powered by a Renault 12Fe piston engine.
The Maule M-5 is an American four-seat cabin monoplane designed and built by the Maule Aircraft Company.
The A-12 was produced from 1962 to 1964, and operated from 1963 to 1968.
The Heinkel HD 37 was a fighter aircraft, designed in Germany in the late 1920s, but produced in the USSR for Soviet Air Force service.
In the first series 12 aircraft were built.
The design featured a typical primary glider layout with a conventional empennage carried at the end of a long boom in place of a conventional fuselage.
It used a reverse-engineered German Junkers Jumo 004 engine.
The CANT Z.508 was a three-engine Italian flying boat developed from the CANT Z.501 for use as a heavy bomber.
The Belvedere was Britain's only tandem rotor helicopter to enter production, and one of the few not built by Boeing or Piasecki.
The wing was a cantilever design, an unusual and advanced feature for the day.
It was the first twin-engined aircraft to be operated from an aircraft carrier.
Designed and built by Blackburn Aircraft, 42 were built.
Later, they ordered another 40, and then 30 more.
Some 1,500 aircraft were ordered by the Aéronautique Militaire between all the variants, with something like 300 actually produced before the end of the war.
Two prototypes flew in 1936 but the design never entered production.
The Sikorsky H-19 Chickasaw, was a multi-purpose helicopter used by the United States Army and United States Air Force.
The Macchi M.39 was a racing seaplane designed and built by the Italian aircraft company Aeronautica Macchi in 1925–26.
Existing DC-9s and MD-80s would also have been eligible for an upgrade to the new propfan powerplants.
The Parsons-Jocelyn PJ-260 was an aerobatic biplane aircraft built in the United States to participate in the 1962 World Aerobatic Championships in Budapest.
It was designed by Kamov design bureau of Russia under a contract with the Chinese government.
The Heinkel HE 18 was a sports aircraft built in Germany in the mid 1920s.
It is being developed by the Japanese Ministry of Defense Technical Research and Development Institute for research purposes.
The Avia BH-3 was a fighter plane built in Czechoslovakia in 1921.
The Proteus is actually a multi-mission vehicle, able to carry various payloads on a ventral pylon.
When the aircraft failed to sell to the Dutch Navy Fokker had a passenger cabin installed in the hope of attracting commercial customers.
The aircraft was also built under licence in Germany as the Fokker-Grulich F.III.
It is basically the same aircraft with improved technologies and performances, such as a new five blade propeller, glass cockpit and longer range.
As an autonomous aircraft, the Petit Duc is fitted with an automatic pilot consisting of a computer system and gyroscope for stabilization and guidance.
The Columbia XJL was a large single-engined amphibian aircraft, designed by Grumman Aircraft but built by the Columbia Aircraft Corp.
The Polikarpov TB-2 was a Soviet heavy bomber prototype designed and tested in the 1920s.
In Soviet service, the designation KR-1 was used.
A torpedo-carrying version, the FF.41AT, was also developed.
The Gannet was originally developed to meet the FAA's dual-role anti-submarine warfare and strike requirement.
A contemporary of the Supermarine Spitfire and Hawker Hurricane, it was the first single-seat, twin-engined, cannon-armed fighter of the Royal Air Force.
The first prototype was designated S-3 Kania.
The Embraer E-Jet family is a series of narrow-body medium-range twin-engine jet airliners, carrying 80 to 124 passengers commercially, manufactured by Brazilian aerospace conglomerate Embraer.
The Antonov An-24 is a 44-seat twin turboprop transport/passenger aircraft designed in 1957 and manufactured in the Soviet Union by the Antonov Design Bureau.
Other alternate missions were proposed, but these were of limited scope.
From there, it was also shipped to the Netherlands East Indies.
The General Aircraft ST-18 Croydon was a 1930s British cabin monoplane built by General Aircraft Limited.
Despite excellent performance, only one aircraft was built, the Hawker Fury biplane being preferred.
The Percival Prentice is a basic trainer of the Royal Air Force in the early postwar period.
Following the unimpressive test flight, the design was cancelled and the prototype was left derelict at Northolt Aerodrome for a number of years.
The SIA.9 was an Italian reconnaissance-bomber built by Società Italiana Aviazione, a division of Fiat.
Although the moulds had already been completed, Rolladen-Schneider decided not to pursue further development.
Though production ceased in 2013, it continues to serve, mostly as an interceptor, in several air forces, including the People's Liberation Army Air Force.
Unpowered flight tests revealed poor stability and dangerous landing characteristics with 5-1,(first prototype), being damaged beyond repair after the third gliding flight.
The craft featured an elongated hydrogen-filled envelope that tapered to a point at each end.
The CAP-1 Planalto was a military trainer aircraft built in Brazil during World War II.
Used by KLM on its Amsterdam-Batavia route, the F.XVIII became celebrated in the Netherlands due to two especially noteworthy flights.
The name was first used in 1940 for a prototype air vehicle that developed into the Republic Seabee.
Plans are currently offered for sale by Acro Sport.
The Schempp-Hirth Cirrus is an Open Class glider built by Schempp-Hirth between 1967 and 1971 and by VTC until 1977.
32 aircraft were built at the Kuibyshev aviation plant in the early 1960s.
The Albatros J.I was a German armored ground attack airplane of World War I, produced in 1918.
The aircraft flew for the first time on 16 July 1910, taking off under its own power and flying 7 metres.
It was also one of the earliest biplanes to feature a marked "back-stagger" of its wings.
The Shenyang J-13 was a long-running Chinese project by Shenyang Aircraft Corporation to develop a light-weight, single engine fighter aircraft, that was ultimately cancelled.
Considered one of the best and most important fighter aircraft in that war, the F-86 is also rated highly in comparison with fighters of other eras.
The Lederlin 380L is an unconventional light aircraft developed in France in the 1960s, and marketed for homebuilding.
Since 2016 manufacturer became Leonardo-Finmeccanica as Alenia Aermacchi merged into the new Finmeccanica.
The aircraft is used by mainline and regional airlines around the world.
The Mitsubishi Ki-57 was a Japanese passenger transport aircraft, developed from the Ki-21 bomber, during the early 1940s.
The wing gave the Liberator a high cruise speed, long range and the ability to carry a heavy bomb load.
The PDQ-2 uses a NACA 63A615 airfoil.
Entering service with the Royal Australian Air Force in 1955 as a basic to advanced trainer, it served in this role until 1975.
Soviet units received more than one in three of the DB-7s ultimately built.
Chu developed his first helicopter in 1945 which he called the Hummingbird Model A.
The Boeing B-50 Superfortress is an American strategic bomber.
A twin-engine, mid-wing monoplane, it was developed for the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force but did not enter service.
PZL M-4 Tarpan was a Polish trainer and sports aircraft prototype of the 1960s, designed in WSK-Mielec.
The Mutual Blackbird was a late 1920s two-seat open cockpit sporting biplane.
The Van’s RV-8 is a tandem two-seat, single-engine, low-wing homebuilt aircraft sold in kit form by Van's Aircraft.
The Aériane Swift is a lightweight foot-launched tailless sailplane whose rigid wings have a span of 40 feet.
In military service, large numbers of Yorks were used during the high-profile air-supply missions during the Berlin Blockade 1948–49.
Mexican and Brazilian squadrons fighting alongside the U.S. were equipped with the P-47.
The F.2 was a twin-float biplane powered by a 220 hp Mercedes D.IV engine.
As originally designed, it could not achieve Mach 1 supersonic flight until redesigned with area ruling.
He used a Curtiss Jenny post-war, forming ABC airlines.
With plans to retire the Su-33 once they reach the end of their service life, the Russian Navy ordered the MiG-29K as a replacement in 2009.
It was also intended to develop reconnaissance and bomber versions, but these plans were disrupted by the German invasion in June 1941.
The first Su-37, converted from the eleventh Su-35, made its maiden flight in April 1996 at Zhukovsky.
It was the first Polish-designed fighter to enter serial production.
The helicopters later transitioned to Special Operations missions.
The GNAT 750 made its first flight in 1989.
The 747-400 was produced in passenger, freighter, combi, domestic, extended range passenger and extended range freighter versions.
This led to the program being cancelled in 1977, after the B-1A prototypes had been built.
The Sikorsky CH-54 Tarhe is a twin-engine heavy-lift helicopter designed by Sikorsky Aircraft for the United States Army.
The pilot and observer sat in tandem, open cockpits, and the undercarriage consisted of twin pontoons.
It proved underpowered in service trials, and was replaced by the twin-engined XLB-3.
The Polikarpov I-17 was a Soviet single-seat fighter prototype designed and built by a team headed by Polikarpov at the Central Design Bureau
The PA-18 was designed as a machine for the same market, but with a more powerful engine and structural strengthening.
The pilot and two passengers sat in a fully enclosed cabin.
The aircraft was based on the mechanical components of a Bell 48 that Agusta incorporated into an all-new, streamlined fuselage.
The Model A had a 35-horsepower engine and seating for two with a new control arrangement.
The Boeing Vertol XCH-62 was a three turbine-engined, heavy-lift helicopter project designed for the United States Army by Boeing Vertol.
Construction began at the time of Baron de Caters' trip to India.
The Heinkel He 100 was a German pre-World War II fighter aircraft design from Heinkel.
The de Havilland DH.89 Dragon Rapide was a 1930s British short-haul biplane airliner for 6–8 passengers.
The Sigma is an experimental glider developed in Britain from 1966 by a team led by Nicholas Goodhart.
An attempt by NASA to resurrect the program was aborted in 1983.
It was a single-engine, low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with an enclosed cockpit and fixed, tailskid undercarriage.
The RV i PVO took delivery of 128 aircraft that were used by the Air Force Academy for training new pilots.
The D-21 was initially designed to be launched from the back of a M-21 carrier aircraft, a variant of the Lockheed A-12 aircraft.
On 27 October 1989, Finnish airline Finnair became the first airliner to operate the type in revenue service.
The Boeing Skyfox was a twin-engined jet trainer aircraft, a highly upgraded development of the Lockheed T-33.
The Vickers-Slingsby T-65 Vega is a 15-metre class glider which first flew on 3 June 1977.
The Cessna 175 Skylark is a four-seat, single-engine, high-wing airplane produced by Cessna between 1958 and 1962.
It was submitted to the United States Navy for their request for a single-seat carrier-based fighter powered by a 625 hp Wright R-1510-26 engine.
Three of the Martin B-57 variant remain in service, performing meteorological work for NASA, as well as providing electronic communication testing for deployment to Afghanistan.
The rights were finally acquired by Bartlett Aircraft in 1941, but plans to mass-produce it were halted by the outbreak of World War II.
On 3 August 1942, a few attempts to take off from water were made, but these failed.
Critics also contend that the program's high sunk costs and political momentum make it "too big to kill".
The Messerschmitt Me 328 was originally designed as a parasite aircraft to protect Luftwaffe bomber formations during World War II.
Upgraded and re-engined models in development as the 737 MAX series are to eventually supplant the 737NG, with the first 737 MAX delivered in 2017.
A fundamental shortcoming of the Me 163, and all other aircraft based on it, was extremely limited endurance, typically only a few minutes.
The second machine was purchased by the United States Navy and evaluated as the XNL-1, but the navy did not order the type.
The airliner was designed and originally marketed by McDonnell Douglas as the MD-95, a derivative of the DC-9 family.
The Avro 521 was a British two-seat fighter first flown in late 1915, based on the 504.
The aircraft performance was inferior to the other aircraft under evaluation and no orders were placed or further aircraft built.
The Dornier Do 22 was a German seaplane, developed in the 1930s.
It was named after the Trojan prince Hector.
Attempts to market it to the air forces of Australia, New Zealand, Japan, and China also proved unsuccessful, and the project was canceled in 1985.
At the European Parliament, an exhibition commemorated the building and testing of the Coandă-1910.
Production of the Series 100 ceased in 2005, and the Q200 and Q300 in 2009.
It was a two-seat biplane with wings of equal span, of steel frame construction with fabric covering.
The Focke-Achgelis Fa 330 Bachstelze was a type of rotary-wing kite, known as a gyroglider or rotor kite.
It was designed and built to test lifting body concepts, experimenting with the concept of unpowered reentry and landing, later used by the Space Shuttle.
The Gotha G.III was a heavy bomber used by the Luftstreitkräfte during World War I.
SpaceShipOne is an experimental air-launched rocket-powered aircraft with suborbital flight capability at speeds of up to 900 m/s, using a hybrid rocket motor.
The only manned vertical take-off flight on 1 March 1945 ended in the death of the test pilot, Lothar Sieber.
The Beardmore W.B.IV was a British single-engine biplane ship-based fighter of World War I developed by Beardmore.
The Avro Canada CF-100 Canuck was a Canadian jet interceptor/fighter serving during the Cold War both in NATO bases in Europe and as part of NORAD.
A developed version, the Z 142, is the most popular aircraft variant in the manufacturer's aircraft line.
The Lavochkin La-200 was a two-seater, swept winged, night and bad weather jet interceptor fighter designed and manufactured by the Lavochkin Design Bureau from 1948.
The Westland Interceptor was a fighter developed by the British company Westland Aircraft to Air Ministry Specification F.20/27.
A stretch of the Cessna Citation II series, the Citation V aircraft was evolved into the Citation Ultra, the Citation Encore, and the Citation Encore+ models.
The SNCASE SE.3200 Frelon is a French helicopter built in the late 1950s.
The Grumman XP-50 was a land-based development of the shipboard XF5F-1 Skyrocket fighter, entered into a USAAC contest for a twin-engine heavy interceptor aircraft.
AV.45s have been built with a number of other engines, however, including at least one aircraft powered by a small turbojet.
The wings were single-bay, equal-span, and had a slight stagger.
M. Huybrechts also built a scale model of this aircraft which was stored for many years, but has been on display since January 2006.
The Scamp first flew on August 21 1973, powered by an 1853 cc Volkswagen car engine.
At the outbreak of war, two Ottoman Type Ns were seized while in transit through Serbia, and were put into Serbian military service.
The Boeing XP-8 was a prototype American biplane fighter of the 1920s, notable for its unusual design incorporating the engine radiator into the lower wing.
On the road, it can drive up to 70 miles per hour with normal traffic.
It was the biggest commercial success of the RWD.
The Fokker M.6 was a two-seat experimental design resembling the later E.I fighter.
The Lockheed T2V SeaStar, later called the T-1 SeaStar, was a turbojet trainer aircraft for the U.S. Navy that entered service in May 1957.
Pilgrim was retired on 30 December 1931, having completed 4,765 flights and having carried 5,355 passengers.
All B-Class airships were delivered to the Navy between August 1917 and September 1918.
The project never lead to any operational use, and the motorjet design was soon superseded by the more powerful turbojet engine.
This aircraft was written off in an accident at Fullerton Municipal Airport, California on 25 September 2004.
The company provided $67 million of funding for the project; it was a low-cost program compared to many other programs of similar scale.
Production was not ordered because the Tupolev Tu-88 proved to have better performance, and was ordered into production as the Tu-16.
The program had ambitious goals of a 2,500-mile range, 24-hour endurance, and 30,000 ft altitude.
The Rockwell Commander 112 is an American four-seat single-engined general aviation aircraft designed and built by North American Rockwell starting in 1972.
It first flew in 1980 the G109B followed in 1984.
Nat Puffer designed the aircraft as a high speed cross-country VFR aircraft, although many builders equip their planes with IFR capabilities.
Two airships of this model have been successfully produced and purchased by the Dalian General Aviation Company.
The Piper PA-11 Cub Special is a later-production two-place variant of the J-3 Cub manufactured by Piper Aircraft.
The Aer-Pegaso M-100 was a single-seat glider designed and built in Italy from 1967.
It holds the distinction of being the first fully supersonic aircraft to be deployed in Western Europe.
Eastern Airways of the UK is the biggest operator of Jetstream 41s in the world, with 17 in the fleet.
By 1940, it was considered to be underpowered, to have inadequate defensive armament and to carry too small a bomb load.
Messerschmitt's design was a modified Bf 110 with a glazed nose to accommodate a bombardier.
The Häfeli DH-1 was a 1910s Swiss two-seat reconnaissance aircraft, built by the aircraft department of the Federal Construction Works at Thun, Switzerland.
The Martin B-57 Canberra is an American-built, twinjet tactical bomber and reconnaissance aircraft that entered service with the United States Air Force in 1953.
It was produced in small numbers, being mostly destroyed during the opening stages of Operation Barbarossa.
These lift jets would have been used during vertical takeoffs and landings, but would have been inactive during horizontal flight.
The Ambrosini SAI.10 Grifone was a military trainer aircraft produced in small numbers for the Italian Regia Aeronautica early in World War II.
It was a low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with an enclosed cockpit.
The BICh-5 was a tail-less bomber aircraft designed in the USSR from 1928.
Instead, the Navy chose to order the single-engine XTB3F, which became the successful AF Guardian.
It was also reported to have a lower sink rate than conventional hang gliders of the time.
Valmet L-80 TP Turbo-Vinha was a prototype for a new Finnish turboprop basic trainer aircraft.
The Blohm & Voss Ha 139 was a German all-metal inverted gull wing floatplane.
Sometimes referred to as the "DBR-1", it was introduced into active service in 1964.
A total of 192 aircraft were sold and the remaining 80 unsold aircraft were used for parts until December 2016 when the balance were scrapped.
Designed to be produced in several variants, only one was completed.
Gibbs-Smith called the story a "flight of fancy".
It is built from plans, but many of the components are available pre-made from Hummel Aviation.
A water-cooled Hispano-Suiza 8A engine was trialled as an alternative in the Type BH, but this remained experimental only.
The Miles M.52 was a turbojet-powered supersonic research aircraft project designed in the United Kingdom in the mid-1940s.
As a new design, it is not developed from the Challenger 600 series, nor its Challenger 800 series variant.
The Kawanishi Baika was a pulsejet-powered kamikaze aircraft under development for the Imperial Japanese Navy towards the end of World War II.
They are compact, single-seat, single-engine monoplanes with low, cantilever wings.
The Waco CG-15 was an American military glider, which was developed from the CG-4.
The F-50 single-seat multirole fighter variant was considered.
In 1932, a version with a slightly enlarged cabin, revised tail fin, and four-blade propeller entered production as the Farman F.390.
The Fokker V.2 and V.3 aircraft were developed from the Fokker V.1, but utilized an 89 kW Mercedes liquid-cooled inline engine instead of the rotary.
The Ryan XF2R Dark Shark was an experimental aircraft built for the United States Navy that combined turboprop and turbojet propulsion.
The 1-35 was first flown in 1973 and a total of 101 were completed by the time production was completed in 1982.
The five-seat passenger cabin was fully enclosed and featured a celluloid panel on its ceiling as an emergency exit.
But after Wever's death in an airplane crash in June 1936, Wever's successor, Albert Kesselring, canceled Germany's long-range bomber projects to concentrate on tactical bombers.
The Hansa-Brandenburg W.13 was a flying boat bomber developed in Germany in 1917 and used by the Austro-Hungarian Navy during World War I.
It was developed for Aeroflot as a replacement for the medium-range Tupolev Tu-154 trijet.
The RV-4 is the second most popular RV model, outsold only by the now discontinued RV-6.
A development of the bomber for maritime patrol is designated Tu-142, while a passenger airliner derivative was called Tu-114.
The Sukhoi Su-2 was a Soviet reconnaissance and light bomber aircraft used in the early stages of World War II.
The Supermarine Type 322 was a prototype British carrier-borne torpedo, dive bomber and reconnaissance aircraft of the Second World War.
Based on the successful Curtiss JN-4, the Twin JN used the same wing structure, but the wingspan was extended by enlarging the center section.
The Douglas O-38 was an observation airplane used by the United States Army Air Corps.
The Häfeli DH-4 was a Swiss fighter prototype in the late 1910s, build by the Eidgenoessische Konstruktionswerkstaette.
The Ader Éole, also called Avion, was an early steam-powered aircraft developed by Clément Ader in the 1890s and named after the Greco-Roman wind god Aeolos.
It was designed to accommodate a pilot and an observer in tandem cockpits.
Junkers, Focke-Wulf, Messerschmitt and Henschel all submitted designs.
Both served with the airline until its merger into BOAC in 1939 and both were taken out of service the following year.
During the 1980s and again in the early 2000s, efforts were made to certificate the design for series production under the name Seafire.
Skorpion would have had twin jet engines, a fuselage afterbody blending into the wing and small canards behind the cockpit.
The Douglas B-66 Destroyer was a United States Air Force light bomber based on the U.S. Navy's A-3 Skywarrior carrier-based heavy attack aircraft.
The Zeppelin LZ 1 was the first truly successful experimental rigid airship.
The Cessna Citation X is an American long-range medium-sized business jet aircraft.
The Super Étendard was used by Iraq to attack oil tankers and merchant shipping in the Persian Gulf during the Iraq-Iran War.
The 'W' indicates that this is a product of the German designer Gerhard Waibel.
It was designed as a fighter, but its engine was under-powered, the speed moderate and flight characteristics poor.
Later, in 1972, MVZ built another mockup, but with a TBG-11 hp engine type and a skid undercarriage.
The Acro Sport is a single-seat aerobatic sportsplane designed by US aviation enthusiast Paul Poberezny in the early 1970s for homebuilding.
The aircraft is also used for cargo operations.
The Piasecki VZ-8 Airgeep was a prototype vertical takeoff and landing aircraft developed by Piasecki Aircraft.
Designed by the former Sopwith designer Herbert Smith it was intended for use aboard the Japanese aircraft carrier Hōshō.
On the Eastern Front and Western Front it operated as a strategic bomber, torpedo bomber and reconnaissance aircraft.
It was a single-engined monoplane of wooden construction with a twin tail and a tailwheel undercarriage with retractable main units.
An extensive redesign was undertaken in 1932 following the fatal crash of an unrelated Schneider design, which resulted in the Baby II.
This plane is notable as it has forward swept wings and side-by-side seating.
In the mid-1970s nine Vulcans were adapted for maritime radar reconnaissance operations, redesignated as B.2.
Aichi added rudimentary flotation capability and built two further examples as the Type H Carrier Fighter, but full-scale production was not started.
Shortly thereafter, Continental Copters ceased business and no further development took place.
Only two prototypes were built, as the I-5 was selected for production.
The pilot and observer sat in tandem under a long canopy atop the fuselage.
The Fokker V.1 was a small German sesquiplane experimental fighter prototype built in 1916 by the Fokker-Flugzeugwerke.
The Beriev Be-6 was a flying boat produced by the Soviet Beriev OKB.
Borrowing heavily from the F-104 design the new type featured a new high-mounted, increased span wing and low-mounted, enlarged tailplanes.
Although the engine was mounted in the nose, it drove propellers mounted in front of the wings on long struts.
The AMD Alarus CH2000 is a two-seat, fixed tricycle gear general aviation airplane, used primarily for flight training.
The Miles M.5 Sparrowhawk was a 1930s British single-seat racing and touring monoplane designed by Miles Aircraft Limited.
Only a full-scale wooden replica of the An-218 was built, but eventually it was disassembled".
The Tairov OKO-4 was an attack aircraft produced in the Ukrainian SSR in the USSR in 1939.
The aircraft was assembled there on December 16 and a number of successful flights were made that same afternoon.
It is also the predecessor to White Knight Two.
Larger than the B-class, these blimps had two motors and a longer endurance.
The Miles M.16 Mentor was a 1930s British single-engined three-seat monoplane training and communications aircraft built by Miles Aircraft Limited.
It is intended to demonstrate new air cargo-carrier capabilities using advanced composite material.
The Great Lakes XSG was an amphibious observation aircraft developed in the United States in the early 1930s for a US Navy competition.
In May 2011 Spectrum president Austin Blue is quoted: "We are still trying to get the programmes advancing, but it is not easy".
The envelope was made of two layers of cloth, with rubber between them.
Northrop and McDonnell Douglas submitted the YF-23.
The KAI T-50 Golden Eagle is a family of South Korean supersonic advanced trainers and light combat aircraft, developed by Korea Aerospace Industries with Lockheed Martin.
The Spartan Arrow is a British two-seat biplane aircraft of the early 1930s, built by Spartan Aircraft Limited.
The Enstrom 480 is a small, light helicopter produced by the Enstrom Helicopter Corporation.
The Boeing 727 is a midsized, narrow-body three-engined jet aircraft built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes from the early 1960s to 1984.
Design flaws, including dangerous stresses at the corners of the square windows and installation methods, were ultimately identified.
Wing components are under restoration with the aircraft fuselage to follow.
The aircraft saw some service in the Finnish Air Force.
The Hispano HA-100 Triana was a military trainer aircraft developed in Spain in the 1950s.
Jet Propulsion Laboratory initially favored its WAC Corporal despite its inadequacy.
The resulting aircraft is supermaneuverable, retaining pitch and yaw control at angles of attack beyond which the traditional control surfaces cannot change attitude.
Altogether six aircraft of the Springbok design were built but none entered service with the armed forces.
The "E" stood for Igo Etrich, one of the Lohner engineers.
The missiles saw only brief ICBM service, and the last squadron was taken off operational alert in 1965.
The English Electric P.5 Kingston was a British twin-engined biplane flying boat built by English Electric.
The July 6, 1960, crash of a Lakehurst-based airship east of Long Beach Island killed 18 sailors, a loss that added pressure on the program.
AeroVironment, Inc. developed the vehicles under NASA's Environmental Research Aircraft and Sensor Technology program.
The Boeing Model 6, also known as the B-1 was a small biplane flying boat designed by William Boeing shortly after World War I.
It continued in service throughout the Second World War.
Displaying some Nieuport influence, it saw very little service during World War I.
An external load of up to 5,000 lb can be carried.
The Grahame-White Ganymede was a prototype British heavy night bomber intended to serve with the Royal Air Force in the First World War.
After disappointing performance during flight testing the Sigma was passed on to a Canadian group which carried out modifications, making the Sigma more competitive.
The KDW – Kampf Doppeldecker, Wasser – was adapted from the Hansa-Brandenburg D.I landplane to provide coastal defence over the North Sea.
The DN-1 was the US Navy's first airship.
It was used as a testbed for the Cirrus Major II engine before being withdrawn from use in 1938.
It was developed from the Yak-17 in the late 1940s and used a reverse-engineered copy of a British engine.
Number 1650 was an armed reconnaissance seaplane equipped with radio equipment capable of transmission and reception, therefore gaining the naval CHFT classification.
PZL.12 was a prototype of a Polish amphibious flying boat designed and built in 1931 by Zygmunt Puławski, a pioneering Polish designer.
It is typical of aircraft of its type - a single-seat aircraft with a low wing incorporating spraying gear.
As the war progressed, the He 111 was used in a variety of roles on every front in the European theatre.
Designed and initially built by Grumman, the Tracker was of conventional design: propeller-driven with twin radial engines, a high wing and tricycle undercarriage.
It was essentially a floatplane version of the ubiquitous HD.14 with a revised tail and a more powerful engine.
The T-tail incorporated small ducted fans to act as thrusters for greater control at low speeds.
It was also fitted with huge, overstuffed-chair type seating, and there was a bar and private rooms for each member and a Hammond organ.
Only one aircraft was built registered G-AAVT.
Upon delivery, one of the aircraft was used for flight tests, while the other was tested on the ground.
Some builders also consider Mazda Rotary engines due to their power-to-weight ratios and their dependability.
The Lockheed Vega is an American six-passenger high-wing monoplane airliner built by the Lockheed Corporation starting in 1927.
The Breguet Br.1050 Alizé was a French carrier-based anti-submarine warfare aircraft.
This was completed the following winter, and flights recommenced.
Only the first prototype was completed before Albatros became part of Focke-Wulf, and this was destroyed during flight testing.
Manufacturing of the first prototype took eight months and was proceeded in Aviation Design's factory at Milly-la-Forêt, France.
A single engined low-winged monoplane, it was designed and built to meet a United States Navy order for an advanced carrier based fighter.
Some Vietnam War U.S. Marine veterans have referred to the Skyknight as "Drut", whose meaning becomes obvious when read backwards.
The F-14 remains in service with the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force, having been exported to Iran in 1976.
The name is an adaptive acronym, from Cooperative Avionics Test Bed; coincidentally, CATBIRD is Lockheed's ICAO-designated company callsign.
The B.III was put into reconnaissance and training roles in 1915, but was soon replaced by armed aircraft in the German military.
The Junkers Ju 52/3m and Iron Annie) is a German trimotor transport aircraft manufactured from 1931 to 1952.
The design began life as the Piper Lance, a retractable gear version of the Piper Cherokee Six.
Boeing began flight testing the X-48B version for NASA in 2007.
The span was increased to 25 metres for the ASW 22B with a modified inner wing section and flaperons similar to the ASW-20.
The PZL.4 was a Polish three-engine passenger aircraft for 10 passengers, built in PZL factory in 1932, which remained a prototype.
On 6 October 1954, the Delta 2 conducted its maiden flight, flown by Fairey test pilot Peter Twiss; a total of two aircraft would be produced.
The Tupolev Tu-4 was a piston-engined Soviet strategic bomber that served the Soviet Air Force from the late 1940s to mid-1960s.
The A-300 was faster than any other Czechoslovakian aircraft in the inventory except for the Avia B-35 fighter.
After the war, the C.IV was developed into the F.3, with seats for two passengers where the gunner's cockpit had been.
The XF-85 was swiftly canceled, and the prototypes were thereafter relegated to museum exhibits.
Approved in 1971, only one aircraft was built before it was canceled in 1974.
The aircraft was modified under contract by BAE Systems Inc. at their facility at the Mojave Spaceport.
On 2 August 2016, the U.S. Air Force declared its first squadron of F-35A fighters combat-ready.
Originally designed with fixed, tricycle undercarriage, the plans were later revised to offer a fixed, tailwheel option.
The project was originally designated as Ae 10, but later re-designated to Ae 01.
From the 1940s until the 1960s it was the most numerous two-place training glider in the USA.
The aircraft is capable of all basic training functions including aerobatics, instrument, tactical and night flying.
ExecuJet of Switzerland and Indigo Lyon are the firm's sales agents worldwide, with the exception of North America.
During the Vietnam War, the aircraft was used to spray Agent Orange.
The pilot was to lie in a prone position to minimise drag.
The Westland Wallace was a British two-seat, general-purpose biplane of the Royal Air Force, developed by Westland as a follow-on to their successful Wapiti.
None of these latter aircraft were delivered by the time of the German invasion of the Netherlands in 1940.
The Titan T-51 Mustang is a three-quarter scale replica of the P-51 Mustang that was designed by Titan Aircraft owner John Williams.
It was a conventional, single-bay biplane with unstaggered wings of equal span.
Persistent problems with the SPAD 11 led to its early replacement by the SPAD S.XVI or SPAD 16 variant.
It was designed to replace the already outdated Hispano Saeta.
The Junkers Ju 488 was a proposed heavy strategic bomber, to be used by Nazi Germany in World War II.
When the design was finalised, Rubik's calculations were verified by the Aviation Institute in Warsaw and a single prototype contrstucted.
The SET XV was a fighter aircraft developed in Romania in the mid-1930s.
It was initially planned to enter service in 1992.
The Eurocopter AS565 Panther is the military version of the Eurocopter AS365 Dauphin medium-weight multi-purpose twin-engine helicopter.
It is a low-wing, cantilever monoplane of conventional configuration and fixed tricycle undercarriage.
The CH-1 had a single, two-bladed main rotor, and a front-mounted reciprocating engine which gave the aircraft a stable center-of-gravity.
The AVE-C is a stealth tactical UAV prototype developed according to the French Army's post-SDTI needs in reconnaissance.
Like other Grob designs, construction throughout was of composite materials, in the case of this particular aircraft, including the driveshaft.
The Hornbill did not achieve service in the Royal Air Force due to problems in its power plant and radiator.
Being one of four pioneering long-range designs, it was the first such type to be operated by the Soviet Union and a number of allied nations.
The Apache has been an object of controversy over the fitting of some weapons, such as cluster munitions.
A second airframe was produced and tests continued but numerous further attempts to start production have been unsuccessful.
While German use of the aircraft ended with the close of World War II, a small number were operated by the Czechoslovak Air Force until 1951.
A development of the HE 3, it had a narrower fuselage than the HE3, having tandem seating instead of side-by-side.
It was also eventually built under license in several other countries.
The Morane-Saulnier BB was a military observation aircraft produced in France during World War I for use by Britain's Royal Flying Corps.
Douglas Aircraft Company responded in 1942 with a giant four-engined design.
The Tupolev Tu-114 Rossiya was a turboprop-powered long-range airliner designed by the Tupolev design bureau and built in the USSR from May 1955.
The achievements of SpaceShipOne are more comparable to the X-15 than orbiting spacecraft like the Space Shuttle.
The Partenavia P.52 Tigrotto was a 1950s Italian light aircraft built by Partenavia in Naples.
The Yakovlev Yak-48 is a twin-engined long-range business jet or regional carrier.
Rustom is derived from the NAL's LCRA developed by a team under the leadership of late Prof Rustom Damania in the 1980s.
The Curtiss C-46 Commando is a transport aircraft derived from the Curtiss CW-20 pressurised high-altitude airliner design.
The Potez 630 was in use by several operators during the Second World War.
The Gotha WD.14, WD.20, and WD.22 were a family of biplane torpedo bomber floatplanes developed in Germany during World War I.
Several examples were built for this role, as well as a small batch to be used in the long-range reconnaissance role.
The Savoia-Marchetti S.72 was an Italian three-engine transport monoplane designed and built by Savoia-Marchetti as an enlarged and strengthened version of the earlier S.71.
The B.I was amphibious, equipped with main undercarriage that folded back along the hull, but this feature was omitted in the B.III.
The Heinkel's descendant continued in service until 1973.
It was a high-wing aircraft with a fuselage of extremely narrow triangular cross-section and a cruciform tail.
The company rights were sold in 1931.
During 2015 a decision was made to end production.
The Clément-Bayard No.2 was a French military airship of 1910, developed by automobile manufacturer Clément-Bayard.
The CARMAM 15-38 was a French sailplane built in the late 1970s.
On 17 December 1915, the Russian government placed an order for 18 aircraft, these being delivered in early 1916.
The airline Compagnie Aérienne Française had purchased four examples of the previous aircraft and ordered an improved version with greater passenger capacity from the manufacturer.
Its development took longer than planned and the lead designer, Nikolai Polikarpov, was arrested for industrial sabotage, which only further delayed the project.
The G103 Twin II is a German high performance two-seater sailplane made by Grob Aircraft.
The Eagle first flew in July 1972, and entered service in 1976.
30 were produced for the Finnish Air Force and served from 1935 to 1949.
It was developed in November 1974, with the first aircraft delivered in September 1977.
A four-turbojet version, powered by Tumansky R-15B-300s in two nacelles also was considered.
The FBA 21 and 23 were small flying boat airliners built in France in the mid-1920s.
The design bureau's name is transliterated in many ways in English sources, in a variety of combinations of Arch-, Arkh-, -sky, -ski, -skii, -skij).
The radios were unreliable, forcing the pilots to communicate by waggling wings.
It was designed to meet a 1935 requirement by the Czechoslovakian Air Force for a replacement for their B-534 fighter biplanes.
The Me 209, despite its designation, bore no relationship to the earlier Me 209.
Shenlong is a prototype Chinese robotic spaceplane that is similar to the American Boeing X-37.
There are some indications that the Avro 522A formed part of the equipment of 2 Squadron, Royal Canadian Air Force in the 1920s.
Only one prototype flew, and it was converted to a transport in 1938.
The Sukhoi Su-29 is a Russian two-seat aerobatic aircraft with a 268 kW radial engine.
A total of 116 of all variants were built.
The result was a conventional, high-wing cantilever monoplane with a stepped flying boat hull and pontoons on struts under the wings at mid-span.
The Taylor J.T.1 Monoplane is a British fixed-wing aircraft design for a homebuilt aircraft, developed in the 1950s by J.F.
It was damaged in a forced landing on July 15, 2012.
The A-4 was originally powered by the Wright J65 turbojet engine; from the A-4E onwards, the Pratt & Whitney J52 was used.
"Libellula" is the Italian word for "Dragonfly".
The Rocketplane XP was a suborbital spaceplane design that was under development c. 2005 by Rocketplane Kistler.
The Jeffair Barracuda is a high-performance sporting monoplane that was developed in the United States in the 1970s and is marketed for homebuilding.
It is intended primarily for short-range service, although British Airways uses the aircraft on a London City Airport to New York-JFK Airport transatlantic route.
The Ar 67 was considerably smaller and lighter than the Ar 65.
The aircraft is of conventional configuration and features fixed tricycle undercarriage.
On 23 May , it crashed during a landing by John McCurdy and was damaged beyond repair.
Configured as an airliner, it would have seated 20 passengers.
It first entered service in 1960 with the U.S. Navy.
A number of different armament configurations were tested, but nothing solved the problem.
The MB.308 was ordered in quantity by the Aeronautica Militare, which leased them out to Italy's aeroclubs.
The 212 is marketed to civilian operators and has a fifteen-seat configuration, with one pilot and fourteen passengers.
A Younkin-Dake Mullicoupe is a two-place monoplane modeled on a Monocoupe 90 and Mister Mulligan, a Howard DGA-6.
Apart from its widespread usage, it is known for being the first mass-produced aircraft to use large amounts of metal rather than wood in its structure.
Certification was now expected by the end of 1989 or early 1990.
The CAMS 51 was a transport flying boat built in France in the mid-1920s.
It failed to meet its specifications and the order was cancelled.
Funding for the program was cut in 2010 and the program was canceled in December 2011.
The rear wing was also to carry endplate-style fins and rudders.
A total of twelve were produced between 1982 and 1988, including nine for the United States Air Force Academy, which designated it the TG-7A.
The SZD-21 Kobuz was a single-seat aerobatic glider designed and built in Poland at Szybowcowy Zakład Doświadczalny in Bielsko-Biała from 1958.
The Piasecki 16H was a series of compound helicopters produced in the 1960s.
The sole example was badly damaged during its second flight test accident and was not repaired.
The Rolladen-Schneider LSD Ornith is the first two-seater sailplane to have been built from plastic composites.
Another helicopter designated Mil Mi-3 was improved Mil Mi-1 with four bladed main rotor.
The EF 132 was a planned jet bomber, under development for the Luftwaffe during World War II.
The Dominion Skytrader was a prototype STOL utility aircraft built in the United States in the early 1970s.
The Nieuport-Delage NiD 30 was a French airliner which entered service in 1920.
The airlifter holds the absolute world records for an airlifted single-item payload of 189,980 kilograms, and an airlifted total payload of 253,820 kg.
Development of the Rooivalk was protracted due to the impact of limited budgets during the 1990s, and a desire to produce a highly advanced attack helicopter.
The Piel CP-150 Onyx is a single-seat, low-cost and low-power ultralight aircraft.
Other record-breaking flights were flown using the type from the United Kingdom to destinations such as South Africa and Australia.
Although intended as an evolution the PZL.48 Lampart, it never went beyond drawing boards due to Invasion of Poland and the outbreak of World War II.
The Dunne D.1, was an experimental tailless aircraft built in the United Kingdom in 1907.
Thailand ordered 12 units of the T-50 advanced trainer variant.
The SoloTrek XFV was a single-person VTOL aircraft.
The type certificate is now held by the FH1100 Manufacturing Corporation of Century, Florida.
In 1980, the F/A-18 was selected as the winner of the New Fighter Aircraft Project competition, and a production order was awarded.
A number of Victors had received modifications to undertake the strategic reconnaissance role, employing a combination of radar, cameras, and other sensors.
Despite obsolescence and being officially withdrawn from service in 1939, the TB-3 performed bomber and transport duties throughout much of World War II.
Some aircraft were temporarily diverted to anti-submarine reconnaissance and bombing in the Tees estuary in 1917 and two aircraft operated in the eastern Mediterranean.
Its first flight occurred on 4 April 2009.
The Heinkel He 219 Uhu was a night fighter that served with the German Luftwaffe in the later stages of World War II.
There was also the Ta 153D-1, a high-altitude version with long-span, high-aspect ratio wings and the DB 603G engine.
Early members of the family all had radial engines, but the definitive LH.16 of 1933 had an inline engine within a neat cowling.
The sole example of the Type 563 was used as a 12-seater transport.
The Van's RV-7 and RV-7A are two-seat, single-engine, low-wing homebuilt airplanes sold in kit form by Van's Aircraft.
These aircraft were also used in kamikaze mission during the last stages of the Pacific War.
Used extensively in the Spanish Civil War, it gained a reputation as one of the most outstanding fighter biplanes of all time.
The M-5 engine was a Soviet copy of the Liberty L-12.
Five aircraft were ordered for the round-the-world flight, one for testing and training and four for the actual expedition.
A single HE 8 was built with a Packard 3A-2500 engine and designated HE 31.
but with the end of hostilities these were never installed on either airship.
The AH-1 twin engine versions remain in service with United States Marine Corps as the service's primary attack helicopter.
The Cessna 170 is a light, single-engined, general aviation aircraft produced by the Cessna Aircraft Company between 1948 and 1956.
That prototype did, however serve operationally from bases in French North Africa until scrapped in 1943.
The Sukhoi Su-15 was a twin-engined supersonic interceptor aircraft developed by the Soviet Union.
Designer Merle Miller originally intended to market plans for the aircraft through his firm Aeroneering Inc, but abandoned the idea before any were sold.
In 2007, the Interstate Aircraft company was planning a revised and updated Arctic Tern, with US FAA certification expected in the first half of the year.
Following the failed jump, Truax blamed Knievel for the failure and vice versa.
The Ar 65d was delivered in 1933 and served alongside the Ar 64 in the two fighter groups - Fliegergruppe Döberitz and Fliegergruppe Damm.
Along with the Breguet 14, it was the main reconnaissance aircraft in use with the French army and the American Expeditionary Force's aviation units in 1918.
The Blackburn Triplane was a single-engine pusher single-seater, designed specifically to attack Zeppelins.
From the end of 1941, the Bf 109 was steadily being supplemented by the Focke-Wulf Fw 190.
The Fokker F.XXIV was a pre-war passenger airliner design by the Dutch aircraft manufacturer, Fokker.
It was replaced by a similar version of the Northrop Grumman E-2 Hawkeye, the Grumman C-2 Greyhound.
The Nanchang Q-5, also known as the A-5 in its export versions, is a Chinese-built jet ground-attack aircraft based on the Soviet MiG-19.
In 1961, the R-3 racer was identified as one of the "Twelve Most Significant Aircraft of all Time" by Popular Mechanics magazine.
It was a conventional parasol-wing monoplane with fixed tailskid undercarriage.
The pilot sat in an open cockpit at the top of the fuselage, with the engine mounted in front of them.
The Silvercraft SH-4 is an Italian three-seater light helicopter designed and built by Silvercraft SpA.
The Dabos JD.24P D'Artagnan was a French light twin-engined civil utility aircraft of the 1960s.
As work progressed, it became clear that the finished product would not meet the Czech Air Force specifications required, as it would be too heavy.
It was initially designed by Ryan Aeronautical, and known as Tier II+ during development.
In a demonstration of the ability to stay on-station autonomously for considerably extended periods, ZPG-2 "Snow Bird", pilot in command Cdr.
The aircraft itself was a large biplane of conventional three-bay configuration equipped with two pontoons, powered by a 100 hp Aeromarine K-6.
The retronym "Dauphin 1" is sometimes applied to the original Dauphin.
It entered service in the mid-1950s and was retired in 1991.
It featured a plywood shell placed over a tubular steel frame crafted at Dryden.
The equivalent Avro RJ versions are designated RJ70, RJ85, and RJ100.
A development of Fuji's earlier T-3 trainer, it is a single-engined monoplane powered by a turboprop engine.
The Microjet 200 was a French jet trainer designed and built by Microjet SA.
Only a few are airworthy and remain in private hands in Europe, the USA and Australia.
Its gimbal-mounted, digitally stabilized, liquid nitrogen-cooled electro-optical/infrared camera relays video in real time via a C-band line-of-sight data link to the ground control station.
It was a two-bay biplane of pod-and-boom configuration with unstaggered wings of slightly unequal span.
The X-51 program was a cooperative effort by the United States Air Force, DARPA, NASA, Boeing, and Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne.
Essentially a modified Morane-Saulnier N, the Royal Flying Corps possessed a number of them in World War I.
Design work was started in 1948 by Kai Mellen and Ilkka Lounanmaa under the direction of Professor Arvo Ylinen.
A veteran of several wars, the B-52 has dropped only conventional munitions in combat.
The United States Marine Corps also purchased an example, first designating it JC-1, then RC-1 and using it as an air ambulance.
The wing pivoted around its spar and then folded back, flat against the fuselage sides.
A.1 and Sopwith Mouse, was a curious "one-off" experimental fighter biplane flown briefly during World War I.
The Albacore served with the Swordfish and was retired before it, being replaced by the Fairey Barracuda and Grumman Avenger monoplane torpedo bombers.
It entered service with the French, Belgian and Serbian armies in 1913, and with the British RFC and RNAS shortly after the outbreak of war.
It was "the first rigid airship to be built since Graf Zeppelin II".
Its mother ship was named "White Knight".
Similar systems include the EL/M-2083 and JLENS.
The Arctic Aircraft Arctic Tern is a bush plane that was produced in small numbers in Alaska in the 1970s and 1980s.
The Ambrosini SAI.2S was a four-seat light aircraft produced in Italy shortly before World War II.
The Cierva C.12 was an experimental autogyro built by Cierva Autogiro Company in England in 1929, in association with Avro.
Four planes were made available for the Olympic Games of 1936, where the maneuvers of the Habicht over and literally inside the Olympic stadium enthralled spectators.
Testing began in July 1960 and by the end of the year the aircraft had achieved both vertical take-off and horizontal flight.
The Army determined that its Project Hermes would be extended to assemble and launch a number of the V-2s for military, technological and scientific purposes.
The SET 10 was a trainer aircraft produced in Romania in prototype form in the early 1930s.
Thirty of these machines were purchased by the Aéronavale, entering service aboard the carrier Béarn in 1931 under the designation R3b.
The main operator is the Royal Air Force with exports to Kenya and Kuwait.
Designed as a competitor for TB-3, TB-5 was intended to be powered by two FED 24-cylinder X engines of 746 kW each.
Its third engine makes it more powerful than the Sea Stallion, which it has replaced in the heavy-lift mission.
It is a low-wing twin-turboprop all-metal monoplane with retractable landing gear, capable of operating from unprepared strips when operationally required.
Replenished by an engine-driven compressor, the main and emergency air bottles are contained within the forward fuselage between the firewall and fuel tanks.
The SBD was also flown by the United States Marine Corps, both from land air bases and aircraft carriers.
As of 2013, the MiG-29 is in production by Mikoyan, a subsidiary of United Aircraft Corporation since 2006.
The Spanish Air Force then ordered 125 for use in training and liaison roles.
Like some other Charles Fauvel designs, it was a tailless aircraft with a reverse-delta wing.
Stearman Aircraft became a subsidiary of Boeing in 1934.
The Grob G104 Speed Astir was a competition sailplane produced in Germany in the late 1970s as Grob's first design in the 15 metre class.
Nevertheless, the B5N operated throughout the whole war, due to the delayed development of its successor, the B6N.
It was a departure from Lloyd's previous reconnaissance types, which had all been based on a pre-war design.
The Mitsubishi Ki-30 was a Japanese light bomber of World War II.
Designed as an air superiority day fighter, it evolved into a successful all-weather multirole aircraft.
The UH-1N has a fifteen-seat configuration, with one pilot and fourteen passengers.
The oldest of these is a D-series veteran of combat in the Pacific and the Caribbean.
In Draken’s service, the L-159 has been employed as an aggressor aircraft.
In the final years of service six Vulcans were converted to the K.2 tanker configuration for aerial refuelling.
Marcel Jurca died on 19 October 2001, at which time plans were still available from the designer's web site.
The program included the replacement of the Allison J33-A-35 turbojet by two Garrett TFE731-3A turbofans.
Although it never entered service, its design was adapted for the subsequent supersonic F-101 Voodoo.
The Antoinette IV was an early French monoplane.
This model is considered easy to fly by many and quiet during flight due to its wooden frame.
The Eta is a German-Italian Open Class two-seater flapped self-launching glider manufactured by ETA Aircraft.
In gunship role, it could carry Falanga or Malyutka anti-tank rockets on four to six outboard pylons, or two UB-16-57 rocket pods.
The Panther was used extensively by the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps in the Korean War.
The aircraft continues to share a high degree of commonality with its smaller ATR 42 sibling.
The Yakovlev Yak-30 was an experimental Soviet interceptor from the late 1940s.
The propeller shaft was mounted through a large oval radiator, the pilot had no forward view, but was provided with flexible celluloid side windows.
It first flew as a prototype in July 1960, with the first production model being completed in March 1961.
It was a conventional, single-bay biplane with staggered wings of unequal span braced with N-struts.
It was fitted with extensive armor plating to protect the pilot and engine.
It was mostly used for military purposes in observation, photography, air-sea rescue, liaison and training, but it has also carried anti-tank missiles and homing torpedoes.
Both aircraft are currently stored at Edwards AFB.
It was the first aircraft that aviation pioneer Igor Sikorsky designed and built after coming to the United States, hence the special "-A" suffix signifying "America".
Pilot and machine dropped to the ground.
The Myasishchev M-50 was a Soviet prototype four-jet engine supersonic strategic bomber, which never attained service.
The Ryan Brougham was a small single-engine airliner produced in the United States in the late 1920s and early 1930s.
The major civil versions are the S-61L and S-61N.
The Fairchild Model 45 was a 1930s American five-seat cabin monoplane aircraft designed and built by Fairchild.
The FBT-2 was a low-wing cantilever monoplane with fixed tailwheel undercarriage which seated the pilot and instructor in tandem in an enclosed cockpit.
The United States Army Air Forces evaluated the F.32 as the YC-20, but did not purchase it.
The Blériot-SPAD S.81 was a French fighter aircraft developed in 1923 to a requirement by the French Air Force.
The second aircraft N750RW was completed 18 January 1985 by Ralph Williams, the President of Hydro-Forming in Long Beach, California.
The Boeing YB-9 was the first all-metal monoplane bomber aircraft designed for the United States Army Air Corps.
The Diamond DA50 Super Star and DA50 Magnum are Austrian five-place single-engine composite aircraft designed by Diamond Aircraft Industries.
They improved the interior and made other minor upgrades to the Commander 114B series, released in 1992.
Though generally considered inferior to contemporary Albatros and Fokker fighters, the D.III was widely used by the Jagdstaffeln from late 1917 to mid-1918.
The Zlin Z-50 is an aerobatic sports airplane built by the Czechoslovakian company Zlin Aircraft.
The A300 can typically seat 266 passengers in a two-class layout, with a maximum range of 4,070 nautical miles when fully loaded, depending on model.
None of these still stand in 2007.
Designated the UAV-18-50, it carried a pilot for takeoffs and landings.
It was planned to lift the aircraft to around 100,000 ft by balloon and release it there.
The Boeing Pelican ULTRA was a proposed ground effect fixed-wing aircraft under study by Boeing Phantom Works.
The Navy-Wright NW series, also called the Mystery Racer were racing aircraft built by Wright Aeronautical Corporation at the request of the US Navy.
In cargo configuration it has an internal capacity of 220 ft³.
The maiden flight was on April 17, 1924.
The Type 120 was a Bristol Pegasus-engined variant entered into an Air Ministry competition and later used for armament tests.
The Friedrichshafen FF.34 was a German biplane floatplane of the 1910s produced by Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen.
It should not be confused with the Heinkel He 219 night fighter also named Uhu.
A total of 11 have been built and six remained in airline service as of August 2006.
The Short SA.4 Sperrin was a British jet bomber design of the early 1950s, built by Short Brothers and Harland of Belfast.
The Focke-Wulf Project III was a design study for a jet fighter, carried out in Germany in June 1943.
It was fitted with radar, which was carried in a pod under the starboard wing.
The Battle was powered by the same high-performance Rolls-Royce Merlin piston engine that powered various contemporary British fighters.
The Douglas DC-4 is a four-engine propeller-driven airliner developed by the Douglas Aircraft Company.
The Westland Walrus was a British spotter/reconnaissance aircraft built by Westland Aircraft.
Only a single prototype was constructed before Germany's invasion of Norway in 1940.
The Cessna Citation is a market brand-name used by American manufacturer Cessna for its line of business jets.
While most of Pitcairn's autogyro designs featured open cockpits in tandem, the PA-19 had a fully enclosed cabin.
A simplified version called the T-65C Sport Vega has a non-retractable mainwheel and hinged trailing edge airbrakes instead of flaps.
The Blohm & Voss BV 155 was a German high-altitude interceptor aircraft intended to be used by the Luftwaffe against raids by USAAF Boeing B-29 Superfortresses.
When fully loaded the P-47 weighed up to eight tons making it one of the heaviest fighters of the war.
It was a low-wing braced monoplane of conventional taildragger configuration.
The ASK 16 has a retractable tail-wheel undercarriage with the main units mounted under the wings and retracting inwards.
A CIA officer later wrote, "OXCART was selected from a random list of codenames to designate this R&D and all later work on the A-12.
The Glasflügel 303 Mosquito is a composite 15 metre Class single-seat sailplane manufactured by Glasflügel between 1976 and 1980.
The original L-1011-1 first flew in November 1970, and entered service with Eastern Air Lines in 1972.
The Aérospatiale SA 315B Lama is a French single-engined helicopter developed to meet hot and high operational requirements of the Indian Armed Forces.
The Franklin engine was replaced by a 37 hp Continental A-40-3 and the aircraft first flew with the Continental engine on 12 September 1944.
Thanks to its maneuverability it could dogfight with more powerful opponents like the Supermarine Spitfire.
Potez, however, believed that the design had potential in peacetime and founded Aéroplanes Henry Potez in 1919 to refurbish war-surplus machines for civil use.
The Bell 206 is a family of two-bladed, single- or twin-engined helicopters, manufactured by Bell Helicopter at its Mirabel, Quebec plant.
The W.12s served on the Western Front, based at the Naval air bases at Ostend and Zeebrugge.
The C-23A and C-23B are variants of the Short 330 and the C-23B+ is a variant of the Short 360.
Later flights were conducted by the U.S. military and NASA.
As a further development, the BH-11C retained the original engine but the wingspan was increased by 1.4 m.
It is a stretched and more powerful development of the Bell 230, which, in turn, was based on the earlier Bell 222.
During 1943, it started to be superseded as a bomber by the larger four-engined "heavies" such as the Avro Lancaster.
The Salmson 2, was a French biplane reconnaissance aircraft made by Salmson.
Construction throughout is similar, although to preserve the centre of gravity of the design, the wings were given a slight forward sweep.
Roe to participate in the 1912 British Military Aeroplane Competition.
Its service sponsors pulled out of the program one by one and it eventually ended due to a lack of interest after demonstrating its capabilities successfully.
The Kawasaki C-1 is a twin-engined short-range military transport aircraft, used by the Japan Air Self-Defense Force.
The Blériot IX was an unsuccessful early French aeroplane built by Louis Blériot.
The "M" refers to "manned" and "F" refers to "flight" version.
The bomber is capable of carrying up to 70,000 pounds of weapons, and has a typical combat range of more than 8,800 miles without aerial refueling.
The Weiss WM-10 Ölyv Buzzard) was a 1930s Hungarian biplane trainer designed and built by the Manfred Weiss company.
The Dornier Do 17, sometimes referred to as the Fliegender Bleistift, was a light bomber of Nazi Germany during World War II.
The C-130 entered service with the U.S. in the 1950s, followed by Australia and others.
The 1-36 was conceived as a replacement for the One-design competition Schweizer SGS 1-26, when production of that model ended in 1979.
The project has been potentially cancelled; the official website was taken down.
It can carry more than 18,000 pounds of weapons on nine external hardpoints, including air-to-air missiles, air-to-ground missiles, and various bombs.
Desert Hawk has since been replaced with the more capable, rugged Desert Hawk III.
The D1A was produced in two variants, the D1A1, and the D1A2
The Chinook was designed and initially produced by Boeing Vertol in the early 1960s; it is now produced by Boeing Rotorcraft Systems.
Aircraft used primarily in this role are designated OA-10.
The Cessna CitationJet/M2/CJ series are light business jets part of the Cessna Citation family, built by the Cessna Aircraft Company in Wichita, Kansas.
They form the King Air line together with the King Air Model 90 and 100 series.
The DF334 has a larger, full composite cabin, a Rotax 914 4-stroke turbocharged engine, a governor fuel control, and an advanced Electronic Flight Instrument System.
No "Ki" code number was assigned there to since the project was outside the jurisdiction of the Army Aviation Headquarters.
The B.I was followed by an improved version, the B.III in 1926.
The Interstate Cadet was an American two-seat tandem, high wing, single-engine monoplane light aircraft.
Only three were built, two of which were used as civil transports and one of which served with the Royal Air Force.
While the Marut had been envisioned as a supersonic-capable combat aircraft, it would never manage to breach the sound barrier, being limited to subsonic speeds only.
The Wright Flyer III was the third powered aircraft by the Wright Brothers, built during the winter of 1904-05.
A prototype, registered LV-X62 flew in September 1976, and the Air Force placed an order for five pre-production machines.
No lives were lost in civilian service but by 1940, all aeroplanes had been destroyed.
The L-13 Blaník is a two-seater trainer glider produced by Let Kunovice since 1956.
The Boeing Model 1, also known as the B & W Seaplane, was a United States single-engine biplane seaplane aircraft.
Designed to Air Ministry specifications which led to no contracts for any manufacturer, only one Beagle was built.
The first of these was not delivered until April 1939, and only 15 C.690Ms were supplied before the outbreak of war.
Differences from the earlier aircraft included a redesigned canopy, retractable monowheel landing gear, and provision for 100 kg of water ballast.
The Slingsby T.6/T.23 Kirby Kite was a single-seat sport glider produced from 1935, by Fred Slingsby in Kirbymoorside, Yorkshire.
The aircraft is built from plans using basic raw materials.
The Fairey Ultra-light Helicopter was a small British military helicopter intended to be used for reconnaissance and casualty evacuation, designed by the Fairey Aviation Company.
DA-5A, is a single-seat sport aircraft designed in the United States in the 1970s and marketed for homebuilding.
In China, it operated from seaplane tenders and cruisers.
EADS-CASA predicts that an additional 85 aircraft will be delivered in the 2007–2016 time period.
The aircraft could fly at a maximum speed of 245 km per hour and had a ceiling of 5,000 meters.
The Mráz M.1 Sokol was a light aircraft built in Czechoslovakia in the years following the end of the Second World War.
Some 50 examples saw service as the HD.19 ET.2.
The Klemm Kl 105 was a two-seat sport aircraft developed in Germany in 1938.
The aircraft is a tandem two-seater of composite construction with a delta wing and a canard foreplane.
Josip Mikl for the Yugoslav company Ikarus, it was a side-by-side two-seat biplane flying boat powered by a 100 hp Mercedes engine.
The Vakhmistrov I-Ze was a parasite fighter designed in the USSR in 1934-5.
The Apache I is a two-seater single-engine trainer aircraft based on the Lancair 320 homebuilt aircraft.
The DT operated off the U.S. Navy's first aircraft carrier, the USS Langley, from land bases, and from seaplane tenders.
Its cargo-hauling ability and unusual twin-boom design earned it the nickname "Flying Boxcar".
It was the first purpose-built bomber produced by the United States.
It was the second pusher design by Geoffrey de Havilland for Airco, based on his earlier DH.1 two-seater.
It is built by the Smolensk Aviation Plant.
The TR.2 was a revised and strengthened design with a larger wing area, and main undercarriage that only semi-retracted.
The LF-107 Luňák is a Czech aerobatic glider designed by Rudý Letov in the late 1940s.
This type of finish is longer-lasting and simpler to repair.
It was a conventional low-wing monoplane with retractable tricycle undercarriage and engine air intakes on the fuselage sides.
The Grumman S-2 Tracker was the first purpose-built, single airframe anti-submarine warfare aircraft to enter service with the U.S. Navy.
The Canadair CT-114 Tutor was the Royal Canadian Air Force, and later Canadian Forces, standard jet trainer, between the early 1960s and 2000.
The Heinkel He 50 was a German World War II-era dive bomber, originally designed for the Imperial Japanese Navy.
The North American B-25 Mitchell is an American twin-engine, medium bomber manufactured by North American Aviation.
With construction continuing at Fulham, de Havilland and Hearle looked for a site to test the aircraft.
The Savoia-Marchetti S.64 was a monoplane developed in Italy in 1928 specifically to contest the world duration and distance records.
The SIAI-Marchetti SF.260 is an Italian light aircraft which has been commonly marketed as a military trainer and aerobatics aircraft.
The Blériot 127 was a French bomber aircraft of the 1920s and 1930s, developed from the Blériot 117 escort fighter.
The plane was used by the Luftstreitkräfte for tactical and limited strategic bombing operations.
Davis tried to bring the plane to market as a certified aircraft, but was not successful.
While only 58 were built, they served a wide variety of roles: private 'air yacht', airliner, military transport, and search and rescue.
The United States Navy ordered the construction of a prototype on April 2, 1942.
The result was a conventional strut-braced monoplane with fixed landing gear.
Only 10 aircraft were constructed, all of which entered service with the Royal Air Force, who operated it under the designation Short Belfast C.1.
These were the last examples of the type remaining in active service.
Designed for the high-altitude strategic bomber role, the B-29 also excelled in low-altitude nighttime incendiary bombing missions.
The DN-1 was photographed beside a mooring mast but there appears to be no evidence it was ever moored to it.
Pe-2s were manufactured in greater numbers during the war than any other twin-engined combat aircraft except for the German Junkers Ju 88 and British Vickers Wellington.
The Challenger 300 is a 3,100 nmi range super-midsize business jet, developed by Bombardier Aerospace, announced in 1999 and introduced in 2004.
The Sopwith Schneider of 1919 was a British racing seaplane.
Although obsolete as a bomber, it remained in service in support roles and in France's overseas colonies at the start of World War II.
In RAF service, the Lincoln was ultimately replaced by a new generation of bombers harnessing newly developed jet propulsion.
A Farman F.231 was featured in the Cigars of the Pharaoh, the fourth volume of The Adventures of Tintin comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.
The Thomas-Morse O-19 was an American observation biplane built by the Thomas-Morse Aircraft Company for the United States Army Air Corps.
The L.59 was flying by September 1923.
The prototype was designated Model 27, and the production version was Model 32.
The B4-PC11 is designed to Standard Class specifications, meaning that it has a 15-metre wingspan and no flaps.
By 1942, it was mostly used for maritime patrol and operational training for bomber crews.
It was a scaled-up version of the CASA C-202 Halcón and was designed for the domestic civil market.
The aircraft was designed and originally built by Eagle Aircraft Pty Ltd, but is now manufactured in Malaysia by Composites Technology Research Malaysia.
A Do 24 was used to tow the Do 212 and it finally flew; however, instability forced the pilot to ditch just after takeoff.
The Fokker CXIV-W was a reconnaissance seaplane produced in the Netherlands in the 1930s.
Finally, two WD.15s were built after a considerable redesign of the aircraft.
The F-2 succeeded the T-2 for training mission.
The pilot and instructor sat in tandem.
Instead, it was a parasol-wing monoplane with open cockpits in tandem for the pilot and one or two passengers.
It was built by Mitsubishi to a design by Blackburn Aircraft of Britain and was operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
The Empire also saw military service during the Second World War.
The Blackburn B-2 was a British biplane side-by-side trainer aircraft of the 1930s.
This all happened during 1926, with high-speed performance as the primary goal.
Germany's MBB and the USA's Northrop helped with the development, and the first four prototypes flew in June 1977.
Design was initiated in 1938 by the German and Swiss branches, the latter being responsible for the actual construction of the prototype.
The prototype flew in 1976, powered by a Lycoming IO-720 engine, but the production examples that followed all had the PZL-3S.
This series can seat from 130 to 172 passengers depending on variant and seating configuration.
On May 9, 2008, JAXA announced it would collaborate with NASA to conduct joint research on sonic boom modeling.
Civilian operations typically involved transportation, mountain rescue, and aerial survey work.
An updated version, the Atlantique 2 or ATL2, was produced by Dassault Aviation for the French Navy in the 1980s.
Of the 1.5 million tonnes of bombs dropped on Germany and its occupied territories by U.S. aircraft, 640,000 tonnes were dropped from B-17s.
The Monocoupe 110 Special was a United States sporting and racing aircraft of the 1930s and 1940s.
This differed from its predecessor in having an enclosed cabin for two passengers occupying the rear fuselage.
Initially used as front-line reconnaissance aircraft and light bombers; variants of the type were also used as night fighters.
The F2A-3 variant saw action with United States Marine Corps squadrons at the Battle of Midway.
Finally, in January 1923, the aircraft flew at Getafe, under the control of Alejandro Gomez Spencer, making a flight of some 180 metres.
Side-by-side seats for the two pilots are accommodated in an enclosed cockpit with a one-piece perspex canopy.
The Corsair instead was primarily deployed to great effect in land-based use by the U.S. Marine Corps.
The Cessna XMC was a prototype technology demonstrator designed to show advanced aerodynamics and materials.
The SNECMA C.450 Coléoptère was a VTOL aircraft developed by the French company SNECMA in the 1950s.
Production ceased in 1991 after 7 years but restarted briefly in 1998.
The Boeing YQM-94 B-Gull was a developmental aerial reconnaissance drone developed by Boeing.
It became the first aircraft built by the Boeing company to carry passengers.
The fuselage was braced to both the upper and lower wings with a number of struts on its sides, in addition to the normal cabane struts.
The RCAF Stranraers served in anti-submarine and coastal defence capacities on both Canada's Atlantic and Pacific coasts, and remained in service until 1946.
The Canadian Vickers Vedette was the first aircraft in Canada designed and built to meet a specification for Canadian conditions.
The Emair MA-1 Paymaster was a 1960s American agricultural biplane aircraft built by Emair, which was part of the Hawaiian Murray company.
The Praga BH-111 was a sportsplane of Czechoslovakia, designed and built specifically to compete in Challenge 1932, the European touring plane championships.
The Aero Commander 100, various models of which were known as the Darter Commander and Lark Commander was a US light aircraft produced in the 1960s.
It was later reused for the actual proposed successor to the Bf 109.
DF Helicopters was acquired in 2010 by the Swiss Avio International Group.
Power was provided by two Benz Bz.IVa pusher engines installed in nacelles carried between the wings.
The project was directed by aeronautical engineer Boris Pavlovich Lisunov.
The work done on the design would later form the basis of the Ju 160.
The Auster AOP.9 was a British military air observation aircraft produced by Auster Aircraft Limited to replace the Auster AOP.6.
The UTVA Aero 3 was a piston-engined military trainer aircraft built in Yugoslavia to replace the Ikarus Aero 2 then in service.
Its design was led by Paul MacCready of AeroVironment, Inc.
The other two R3C-2s, piloted by George Cuddihy and Ralph Oftsie, did not reach the finish line.
It was a mid-wing wire-braced monoplane with fixed tailskid undercarriage and an open cockpit for the pilot.
The "B" version has twice the range of the "A" version.
Like the Aiglon, this was of fibreglass construction throughout.
The Blackburn T.5 Ripon was a British carrier-based torpedo bomber and reconnaissance biplane which first flew in 1926.
The Sikorsky VS-44 was a large four-engined flying boat built in the United States in the early 1940s by Sikorsky Aircraft.
The ICA IS-32 is an open class high performance metal two-seat sailplane produced in Romania in the 1970s.
The retractable engine is mounted on a pylon aft of the double cockpit.
The wing was wooden, while the monocoque fuselage was metal.
Enough work on the third SE.200 had been carried out to make salvage worthwhile after the war.
The Tucano made inroads into the military trainer arena and became one of Embraer's first international marketing successes.
It was the only pursuit aircraft manufactured by the United States during World War I.
The 737NG's primary competition is with the Airbus A320 family.
The Bede BD-10 was Jim Bede's attempt to introduce the world's first kit-built jet-powered general aviation supersonic aircraft.
The AC-130 has an unpressurized cabin, with the weaponry mounted to fire from the port side of the fuselage.
Nevertheless, the Czechoslovakian Army was sufficiently impressed to inform Avia that it would order the BH-19 if the problems could be rectified.
The first flight was attempted on 14 October and most sources agree ended almost immediately in a crash without ever leaving the ground.
A two-seat version called the Bullet was also built.
It had cantilever wings, without any bracing wires, and the aircraft featured spats to enclose the landing gear struts.
Over 30 nations operated the Il-62 with over 80 examples exported and others having been leased by Russian-sphere and several Western airlines.
It is a two-seat homebuilt aircraft with dual controls and tandem seats, and has remarkable performance given the small size of the engine.
The CAC CA-25 Winjeel is an Australian-designed and manufactured three-seat training aircraft.
In construction, the DFS was closer to a flying wing than its predecessor, and was built as an alternative to that aircraft.
The Lincoln-Page PT was a trainer aircraft produced in the United States from 1929 to 1931.
The Myasishchev VM-T Atlant standing for Vladimir Myasishchev – Transport) was a variant of Myasishchev's M-4 Molot bomber, re-purposed as a strategic-airlift airplane.
The P.105 was a hybrid of the two designs, featuring the shorter, two-seat fuselage of the P.100 and the longer-span wings of the P.110.
The Yarará project is the first unmanned aerial vehicle programme in South America to be produced in series and for export.
The Liberty XL2 is a two-seat, low-wing, general aviation aircraft manufactured by Liberty Aerospace of Melbourne, Florida for the personal transportation, touring and flight training roles.
A later version, the Ro.5bis, enclosed the cockpits under a long canopy.
A deciated transport derivative of the Vimy, the Vickers Vernon, became the first dedicated troop transport aircraft to be operated by the RAF.
It was exported to several countries, but not used in Poland.
The Army Air Corps placed an order for a prototype on 25 November 1939 designating it XP-50, but it lost the competition to the Lockheed XP-49.
Hughes Helicopters also developed the Model 369 as a civilian helicopter, and the Hughes Model 500, currently produced by MD Helicopters as the MD 500.
The Fiat R.2 was a reconnaissance aircraft produced in Italy shortly after World War I, and the first aircraft to be marketed under the Fiat brand,.
The Skliar Aqua Glider or Explorer was a small glider aircraft designed and built in the United States in 1959 and subsequently marketed for homebuilding.
In the championships, the PIK-13 was flown by Antti Koskisen, who was placed 16th with 931 points.
Shortly thereafter, however, it was damaged and finally abandoned.
One of these was shipped to Le Havre in 1907 in order to demonstrate it to the French.
The Israel Aircraft Industries Westwind is a business jet that became a cornerstone of the Israeli aircraft manufacturing industry and remained in production for 20 years.
The HD 29 of 1925 was essentially similar, but was purely a two-seater.
By October 1915, it had begun to be replaced by the AEG C.II.
It became the first aircraft of Lithuanian design to be built in series, with two batches of four aircraft produced in 1930 and 1931.
It was a conventional high-wing, strut-braced monoplane with fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
A similar glider, the Sturmflügelapparat is preserved in the Technisches Museum in Vienna.
No prototype was built, although some parts may have begun building before the project was completed.
A single-seat, single-engined biplane, the B.1 was built by the Sopwith Aviation Company for the Royal Navy.
The Fuji T-3 is a primary military trainer aircraft used by the Japan Air Self Defense Force, manufactured by Fuji Heavy Industries.
Several were flown by the Marine Corps.
The Mitsubishi Ki-83) was a Japanese experimental long-range heavy fighter designed near the end of World War II.
The SUVP was a high wing passenger aircraft.
The service designation MiG-5 was reserved for the production version of the aircraft.
Retaining the same basic bat-like configuration of the Éole, the Avion III was equipped with two engines driving two propellers.
The aircraft entered service with the French Air Force and 79 were built.
Although Piel commenced work on the design in 1965, the first example did not fly until 1986.
Three examples were purchased by the U.S. Navy under the designation RE.
Gun Fighter was an attempt to produce a fighter aircraft armed with a heavy calibre gun.
The tailplane carried two balanced elevators hinged to the stabilisers, and a balanced rudder was fitted to the top of the fuselage.
It was of conventional sailplane configuration and bore a family resemblance to the Caproni Calif gliders, although the Ventura had an almost entirely metal structure.
The C-130 Hercules is the longest continuously produced military aircraft at over 60 years, with the updated Lockheed Martin C-130J Super Hercules currently being produced.
It then glides back to Earth and performs a conventional runway landing.
Together, WK2 and SS2 form the basis for Virgin Galactic's fleet of suborbital spaceplanes.
The 727 is Boeing's only trijet aircraft.
The Waco S Series is a family of American cabin biplanes produced by the Waco Aircraft Company starting in 1935.
The E-3 was also sold to the United Kingdom and France and Saudi Arabia.
It is also notable for being the first aircraft in the war to win an aerial fight and shoot down an enemy aircraft.
It was used by the Fleet Air Arm as a torpedo bomber from 1930 until 1935.
After crossing the English Channel and passing unseen through English airspace during the night, the Patrie was sighted over Wales and Ireland on 1 December.
It was eventually reequipped with more powerful engine for the Aero Club of Lithuania in 1931 before being written off in a crash in 1934.
The SF50 is intended to be a step up aircraft for pilots who have flown the Cirrus SR20, SR22 and other high-performance light aircraft.
The A350 is the first Airbus aircraft with both fuselage and wing structures made primarily of carbon-fibre-reinforced polymer.
72 held the world speed record for all aircraft for five years.
In 2010, based on the notion that Coandă invented the first jet, the centennial of the jet aircraft was celebrated in Romania.
Another modification added end plates to the horizontal tail surfaces, and was re-designated the Aerogypt III, and last flown in that configuration in September 1940.
The largest operator is Turkish Airlines with 64 A330s in its fleet.
The Panther is used for a wide range of military roles, including combat assault, fire support, anti-submarine warfare, anti-surface warfare, search and rescue, and medical evacuation.
Improvements to future development aircraft, such as swept wings and more powerful Pegasus engines, led to the development of the Kestrel.
The Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II is a family of single-seat, single-engine, all-weather stealth multirole fighters.
As a result, it appears to have been more akin to contemporary, ground attack/maritime strike aircraft, such as the Bristol Beaufighter or Douglas A-26 Invader.
The design itself was a low-wing cantilever monoplane of largely conventional design, featuring twin tails and fixed, tailwheel undercarriage.
The CAC Wirraway was a training and general purpose military aircraft manufactured in Australia by the Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation between 1939 and 1946.
The ANT-14 was a larger version of the ANT-9, with a 40.4 m wingspan, compared to the 23.8 m span of the ANT-9.
It provided airlift services in a wide range of applications, being replaced by the C-5 Galaxy in the early 1970s.
The Mitsubishi A7M Reppū was designed as the successor to the Imperial Japanese Navy's A6M Zero, with development beginning in 1942.
They were used as sport aircraft, as well as trainers by flying schools and the military of several countries.
The Bell 201/XH-13F was Bell's first helicopter to use a turbine engine.
Found to be inferior to a parallel development, the Submarine Scout Zero non-rigid, only a few were built.
The family was extended to include the A321, the A319, and the A318.
A follow-on version, the OQ-3, became the most widely used target aircraft in US service, with over 9,400 being built during World War II.
The Beechcraft T-6 Texan II is a single-engine turboprop aircraft built by the Raytheon Aircraft Company.
The Gulfstream G200, formerly known as the IAI Galaxy is a twin-engine business jet.
The Moose can be purchased as a "quick-build" kit which comes partly pre-assembled.
In recent years, a number of Tu-134s have been converted for use as VIP transports and business jets.
The An-14 failed to replace the more successful An-2 biplane, which was manufactured until 1990,.
Like the MP.204 that it was based on, the Busard was a streamlined, low-wing, cantilever monoplane of conventional design with fixed, tricycle undercarriage.
It is now the main tactical airlifter for many military forces worldwide.
The aircraft is easily distinguished from the Electra by its distinctive tail stinger or "MAD Boom", used for the magnetic detection of submarines.
Later Truax accepted full responsibility for the failure.
Nevertheless, production of the bomber continued until April 1945.
The Dornier Do Y was a German bomber of the 1930s, the second bomber design by Dornier Flugzeugwerke.
Despite a number of attempts to put the aircraft into series production, only a small number were ever built.
The new aircraft mounted Bristol Mercury IX radial engines rated at 610kW/820 hp and carried three machine guns for defense.
The Teledyne Ryan Model 410 was a surveillance UAV designed in the United States in the late 1980s.
The Nikitin NV-2 was a single-seat sporting aircraft produced in the USSR from 1935.
The Avia BH-11 was a two-seat sport aircraft built in Czechoslovakia in 1923, a further development of the Avia BH-9.
It was similar in many respects to the British de Havilland Mosquito.
More than 17,000 Bonanzas of all variants have been built, produced in both distinctive V-tail and conventional tail configurations.
In 1949 the Air Force instigated the development of a more powerful Aerojet engine to replace the 2,600 lb.-thrust XASR-2.
It was intended to be a high-performance fighter aircraft capable of operating from small warships.
Aeronautics announced the armed loitering UAV achieved operational status in August 2016.
Of low-wing monoplane taildragger configuration, they carry a chemical hopper between the engine firewall and the cockpit.
As of January 2012, three aircraft are identified on the New Zealand register.
The C.I had similarities with the earlier B.I, including inward-sloping interplane bracing struts.
The project was cancelled after the sole completed prototype was destroyed by an engine fire.
It is a remanufactured and modified Douglas DC-3; the modifications designed to significantly extend the DC-3's serviceable lifetime.
The Aero A.200 was a sportsplane of Czechoslovakia, designed and built specifically to compete in Challenge 1934, the European touring plane championships.
Data from The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Helicopters
When the engine was canceled, on 22 November 1941, the XP-68 was also canceled.
It never saw service in World War I, but Anthony Fokker managed to smuggle parts out of Germany at the time of the Armistice.
Ex-RAAF models also saw service with the Royal Malaysian Air Force and the Indonesian Air Force.
In 1998, Saab decided to terminate production of the Saab 340.
It was used exclusively by the Republic of Singapore Air Force, serving in the fighter-bomber role from 1989 until retirement from front line service in 2005.
The LWS-6 Żubr was a Polish twin-engined medium bomber, produced by the LWS factory before World War II.
Beauforts first saw service with Royal Air Force Coastal Command and then the Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm from 1940.
The Martin XB-68 was a supersonic medium tactical bomber with a crew of two that was proposed in 1954 to the United States Air Force.
A total of 798 K11Ws were manufactured, including a small number of K11W2 ASW and transport aircraft alongside the K11W1 trainer variant.
Introduced to train Aeroflot pilots, it has gained some popularity as a sportplane both inside and outside the former USSR.
The S-49A was surpassed by the improved S-49C, featuring an all-metal construction and a more powerful engine.
It incorporates many changes required to conform to the certification standards.
On 18 January 1935, it set a Dutch high-altitude record, flown by Lieutenant René Wittert van Hoogland.
In Vindava were stationed the planes number 996, 1000 and 1209 and in Angersee the planes number 997, 998 and 999.
The North American F-86 Sabre, sometimes called the Sabrejet, is a transonic jet fighter aircraft.
The Piaggio P.136 was an Italian twin-engine amphibian flying boat, with an all-metal hull, pusher propellers, a gull wing, and retractable landing gear.
The initial 777-200, -200ER and -300 versions are equipped with General Electric GE90, Pratt & Whitney PW4000, or Rolls-Royce Trent 800 engines.
Expectations for its use as a weapons carrier are limited by its relatively small payload capacity.
The first flight took place on 13 January 1984, and FAA type certification was achieved on 20 October 1992.
The Russian Air Force has ordered 98 production units, designated Su-35S, of the newly revamped Su-35.
The aircraft is based on the Lockheed P-3 Orion airframe, but mounts the electronics suite of the S-3 Viking.
Although the Martin JRM Mars flying boat had a slightly longer wingspan, the Constitution remains the largest fixed-wing aircraft type ever operated by the U.S. Navy.
The balloon was created from an idea developed by members of the Bristol Gliding Club in the UK.
It was a conventional biplane design with staggered wings of unequal span braced by struts arranged in a Warren truss.
The Tejas is the second supersonic fighter developed by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited after the HAL HF-24 Marut.
The G650 is the company's largest and fastest business jet with a top speed of Mach 0.925.
The first Bushmaster, N7501V was assembled in 1966, is owned by Greg Herrick's Golden Wings Museum and based at Anoka-Blaine airport near Minneapolis, Minnesota.
From the start, the airline industry had noted that the economics of the design were questionable, concerns that were only partially addressed during development.
Only one example survives today in the Istanbul Aviation Museum in Turkey, preserved in Ottoman Air Force markings.
As an interceptor it could match Allied types in climbs and dives, giving pilots more flexibility in combat and greater pilot confidence than the Ki-43.
The Croses Pouplume was an unusual ultralight aircraft developed in France in the 1960s.
Filippo Zappata's design grew out of a twin-engined transport designated AZ.1 that was never built.
The Polikarpov I-153 Chaika was a late 1930s Soviet biplane fighter.
The Schweizer company model number is Schweizer SA 2-38A Condor and, in its three-seat configuration, Schweizer SA 3-38A Condor
Given that they were replacing the tail, Mooney's engineers opted to give it the "backward" profile characteristic of the M20 series.
The Skywarrior is one of only two U.S. Navy attack aircraft intended as a strategic bomber to enter full-scale service.
Originally powered by one 119 kW Shvetsov M-11FR-1 radial piston engine, it entered service in 1946.
It went through a lengthy series of prototype versions, eventually evolving into a design that bore little resemblance to the P-40.
The aircraft's designation came from initials of the manufacturer, the surname of the designer, and the aircraft's wing area, the sole prototype receiving the serial no.
Landing gear was taken from the Beechcraft T-34 Mentor and provided by the PAF.
In January 2005, the US101 was selected for the VXX Presidential Helicopter Replacement Program, and was promptly re-designated as the VH-71.
After ground tests, they sent the aircraft rolling down Beacon Hill with de Havilland at the controls.
The aircraft developed through modifications of classic designs by the aviation pioneer Giuseppe Bellanca.
The company is led by Rantet & son, father, Jacques, is pilot veteran and son, Éric, is an aeronautics engineer.
The Tupolev Tu-104 was a twin-engined medium-range narrow-body turbojet-powered Soviet airliner and the world's first successful jet airliner.
The Yakovlev Yak-18T is a four- or five-seat fully aerobatic utility aircraft.
After a protracted development period, the Swift entered service as an interceptor aircraft with the RAF in 1954.
The Albatros C.V was a German military reconnaissance aircraft which saw service during World War I.
The original 757-200 entered service in 1983; the 757-200PF, a package freighter variant, and the 757-200M, a passenger-freighter combi model, debuted in the late 1980s.
It was associated with the Royal Air Force's now cancelled Future Offensive Air System.
The Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-25 is a supersonic interceptor and reconnaissance aircraft that was among the fastest military aircraft to enter service.
The Schleicher ASK 18 is a single-seat sailplane that was built by the German manufacturer Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co.
The LIBIS KB-11 Branko was a 1950s Yugoslavian four-seat monoplane designed by Letalski Institut Branko Ivanus Slovenija.
It was built by Aero Boero S.A. of Córdoba.
An armed version followed in 1934, adding a trainable machine gun for the observer and a fixed machine gun for the pilot.
The Douglas Dolphin was an amphibious flying boat.
The aircraft also was intended to provide Boeing with a mid-size wide-body airliner to compete with existing trijet airliners.
The Martin T4M was an American torpedo bomber of the 1920s.
It is thus seen as the first modern surveillance UAV.
The pilot and observer sat in tandem in an open nacelle with the engine mounted pusher-fashion at its rear.
The Savoia-Marchetti SM.75 was an Italian passenger and military transport aircraft of the 1930s and 1940s.
The Arado Ar 96 was a German single-engine, low-wing monoplane of all-metal construction, produced by Arado Flugzeugwerke.
The rudder was hinged to the end of the fuselage and hung down below it.
The Bristol Type 110A was a single-engine biplane for charter work, accommodating four passengers in comfort.
The A340 was manufactured in four fuselage lengths.
Test flights began on 1 May 1931 with disappointing results, in part due to poor thrust of the rear-facing engines.
The SA-160 is a development of the Stoddard-Hamilton Glastar amateur-built kit aircraft and is externally similar to that design.
However, obtaining engines remained a stumbling block, with Spain unable to afford to import the Wright engine in quantity.
Tejas has a pure double delta wing configuration, with no tailplanes or canard, and a single dorsal fin.
It was an all-metal, low-wing, cantilever monoplane with retractable undercarriage and a closed cockpit.
The Beriev Be-200 Altair is a multipurpose amphibious aircraft designed by the Beriev Aircraft Company and manufactured by Irkut.
The Agusta A.106 was a single-seat light helicopter designed to provide an ASW platform for the Impavido-class destroyers of the Italian Navy.
Funding for the project became available in 1985, and the Verilite subsidiary was created to develop the concept.
During the 1930s, the design was licensed to Mitsubishi, which constructed and flew a total of six aircraft, in a military bomber/transport configuration, designated Ki-20.
Its design was based upon the F3U-1 two-seat fighter that was abandoned when the Navy decided not to build any more two-seat fighters.
Soon after its first flight, it was exhibited at the inaugural International Aviation Exhibition in Prague.
It is powered by twin AMT-USA AT-450 jet engines of thrust each) originally developed for radio-controlled aircraft.
Typical for its day, it was a high-wing braced monoplane with a fuselage of hexagonal cross-section and an open cockpit.
The bomber fared well until the Battle of Britain, when its weak defensive armament was exposed.
They entered operations in 1937 and many were in service at the outbreak of the Second World War undertaking anti-submarine and convoy escort patrols.
Indonesia expressed an intent to buy between 8-10 Su-35s in 2015, but has yet to sign a final purchase contract.
Some 1,000 SPAD 11s were built, most of which were out of service by the autumn of 1918, generally replaced by the SPAD S.XVI.
Developed by Dassault Aviation, the aircraft entered service with the French Air Force in October 1964.
It was a development of the Fw 190C, a Fw 190A with a DB 603A engine.
The Ilyushin Il-22, USAF/DOD designation Type 10, was the first Soviet jet-engined bomber to fly.
The Lancaster was named after Lancaster, Lancashire; a Lancastrian is an inhabitant of Lancashire.
The Letov Š-4 was a Czechoslovak single-bay, unstaggered biplane fighter and trainer in the 1920s.
An experimental airframe was fitted with Rolls-Royce Nene turbojets and first flown in 1948 as the world's first pure jet transport aircraft.
The Focke-Wulf A 17 Möwe was an airliner built in Germany in the late 1920s.
The J-12's main problems were inadequate firepower and engine thrust.
Force protection missions include defending air bases and other facilities.
Derived from the G-2 Galeb advanced jet trainer and light attack aircraft, it was designed in single-seat ground-attack and two-seat advanced flying / weapon training versions.
In China, the aircraft is produced by Harbin Aircraft Manufacturing Corporation as the HC120.
Only two A 32s were built, and the first prototype was destroyed in a crash on 2 November 1927 that killed Junkers engineer Karl Plauth.
Later upgrades added a night-attack capability and radar, resulting in the AV-8B(NA) and AV-8B Harrier II Plus, respectively.
The Fokker S.II was a 1920s Dutch primary trainer built by the Fokker company for service with the Dutch Army.
It was a conventional parasol-wing monoplane with two open cockpits in tandem and fixed, tailskid undercarriage.
The Friedrichshafen G.III was a medium bomber designed and manufactured by Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen.
The Boeing CC-137 is the designation for five Boeing 707-347C transport aircraft which served with the Canadian Forces from 1970 to 1997.
In 1948, a single example of a more radically redesigned version designated Harakka III flew.
It was only built in limited numbers before being replaced by the Ro.37.
The Hughes H-1 is a racing aircraft built by Hughes Aircraft in 1935.
The Partenavia P.86 Mosquito was a two-seat civil trainer aircraft first flown in Italy on 27 April 1986.
The Seversky XP-41 was a fighter aircraft built in the United States in 1939.
The army operated the aircraft under designation A-1.
In the early postwar era, the Beech 18 was the pre-eminent "business aircraft" and "feeder airliner."
An armed version, the BAE Fury, was announced in 2008.
No further examples were ordered past this initial batch of ten.
Despite being technically successful, the Altaire project was cancelled in October 2011 due to economic conditions.
The drone had recrossed into Lebanese territory by the time Israeli fighters could be scrambled to intercept.
Work began in 1976, but was soon interrupted in favour of a similar project to transform a Bell 204.
Sándor Geönczy initially worked with Rubik on the project, but died before it was completed.
The range for the three aircraft variants will be 2500 km, 5000 km and 7000 km.
The Consolidated Model 21 was an American two-seat training aircraft built by the Consolidated Aircraft Company.
Besides its use as a trainer, the T-28 was successfully employed as a counter-insurgency aircraft, primarily during the Vietnam War.
The Scaled Composites Model 81 Catbird is a high-efficiency five-seat single-engine all-composite general aviation aircraft designed by Burt Rutan.
Two examples were built, based on the successful C.IV design, one of biplane configuration, the other a triplane.
Experiments with the helicopter continued until September 1916, when it tipped over during take-off, destroying its rotors.
The DC-9-based airliners, MD-80, MD-90 and Boeing 717 later followed in production.
Its structure was constructed with Argentine woods mañio, araucaria and guatambú.
The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an American twin-engine, all-weather tactical fighter aircraft designed by McDonnell Douglas to gain and maintain air supremacy in aerial combat.
A successor model, CJC-3 was developed by Chu in Taiwan in the 1950s.
Rocketplane Global declared bankruptcy in mid-June 2010.
In its intended role as a glider tower, the PIK-23 has been quite successful.
Two manned prototypes, were built as GAF Pikas as a proof of concept to test the aerodynamics, engine and radio control systems, serialled A92-1/2, 'B-1/2'.
The Cierva C.3 was an experimental autogyro built by Juan de la Cierva in Spain in 1921.
The Northrop Grumman X-47B is a demonstration unmanned combat air vehicle designed for aircraft carrier-based operations.
A twin-engined design, it was intended to carry approximately 350 passengers.
After the release of Pereira's amphibious Osprey II some years later, this aircraft became known retrospectively as the Osprey I.
The development of the 53% scale DP-1 aircraft was originally funded as a manned vehicle.
The ANBO II was a parasol-wing monoplane aircraft built in Lithuania in 1927 as a pilot trainer for the Army.
An earlier variant of the same aircraft had been designated PW-8 prior to 1925.
A later model was configured with a Rolls-Royce Kestrel of 600 hp and plans were made for a Hispano-Suiza Xbre variant.
The Su-30 has two distinct version branches, manufactured by competing organisations: KnAAPO and the Irkut Corporation, both of which come under the Sukhoi group's umbrella.
The Iris was a conventional parasol wing monoplane with a neatly faired-in engine.
When the test program began on 20 April 1917 the DN-1 was a disappointment.
The General Aircraft GAL.47 was a 1940s British single-engined twin-boom Air Observation Post aircraft, built by General Aircraft Limited at London Air Park, Hanworth.
The F-104S also served in the Turkish Air Force until the mid-1990s.
The type was also produced under licence in Germany by Pfalz Flugzeugwerke as the unarmed A.I and A.II scouts.
Performance proved disappointing, and only six trial models were built.
The Fokker D.I was a development of the D.II fighter.
The Su-25T and the Su-25TM were further developments, not produced in significant numbers.
The VVA-14 was designed by Italian-born designer Robert Bartini in answer to a perceived requirement to destroy United States Navy Polaris missile submarines.
Subsequently-developed A330 variants include a dedicated freighter, the A330-200F, a military tanker, the A330 MRTT, and a corporate jet, ACJ330.
The CAP 10 was manufactured by Mudry in Bernay, France, bought by CAP Industries which then became Apex Aircraft.
Crew nicknames for the aircraft included the Big-Tailed Beast, Two-Cee and Son-of-a-Bitch 2nd Class.
The Klemm Kl 151 was a German prototype light passenger aircraft designed by Dr. Hanns Klemm and chief engineer Carl Bucher during World War II.
The LVG E.I was a German two-seat monoplane of World War I.
Prior to 2007, the aircraft had been marketed under the designation EH101.
A variant Lakshya-1 is used to perform discreet aerial reconnaissance of battlefield and target acquisition.
The Arsenal VG 70 was a research aircraft flown in France shortly after World War II to assist development of high-speed jet fighters.
A manned tail gun installation was semi-remote.
The plane is featured in the 2010 movie Kill Speed.
Built by Shorts as a private research venture to test the concept of the aero-isoclinic wing, it was the first aircraft to incorporate this feature.
Most of the later production runs were given to reconnaissance units.
The CAIC Z-10, also called WZ-10, is an attack helicopter developed by the People's Republic of China.
Though designed originally as primarily a nuclear bomber, the B-2 was first used in combat, dropping conventional, non-nuclear ordnance in the Kosovo War in 1999.
It is the second generation derivative of the 737, following the original -100/-200 models that began production in 1966.
The Lockheed C-5 Galaxy is a large military transport aircraft originally designed and built by Lockheed, and now maintained and upgraded by its successor, Lockheed Martin.
The C6S4 was a direct drive, air-cooled, inverted, straight-six aircraft engine.
Difficult handling during the landing run was rectified by modifying the undercarriage.
After the conflict was over, thousands of surplus aircraft were sold on the civilian market.
The follow-on replacement was the Mach-2 Convair F-106 Delta Dart, which was an extensive redesign of the F-102.
Built to meet a Royal Danish Navy requirement, the single prototype was rebuilt as a private air yacht and renamed the Supermarine Solent.
Also like the G 115, construction throughout was of composite materials.
It was manufactured by the Brazilian corporation Embraer.
It had been originally envisioned as a very high-speed aircraft to perform aerial reconnaissance missions, conforming with the requirements of Air Ministry Specification OR.330.
The IAR-824 was a utility aircraft built in Romania in the 1970s.
The Benoist XIV was a small biplane flying boat built in the United States in 1913 in the hope of using it to carry paying passengers.
The Britten Sheriff was a light twin-piston engine aircraft developed in the United Kingdom in the 1970s.
The Osh was an attack aircraft designed in the USSR from 1939.
A total of 85 aircraft were built, six of which were exported to Myanmar.
The single, three-bladed main rotor and piston-powered S-300 is mostly used as a cost-effective platform for training and agriculture.
The Eurocopter EC145 is a twin-engine light utility helicopter developed and manufactured by Eurocopter, which was rebranded as Airbus Helicopters in 2014.
While four seat propeller planes are common, jet-powered planes with this seating arrangement such as the Grumman EA-6B Prowler are comparatively rare.
The civil-orientated EC225 has a military counterpart, which was originally designated as the Eurocopter EC725; it was rebranded in 2015 as the H225M.
The Lublin R-X was a Polish liaison aircraft, built in 1929 in the Plage i Laśkiewicz factory in Lublin.
Later in the war, it was developed into a formidable radar-equipped night fighter, becoming the major night-fighting aircraft of the Luftwaffe.
They were soon joined by a third machine, captured from the Ottoman forces, but the Serbs seem to have made little use of the type.
In this phase were produced and sold about 30 aircraft and the mass production was structured.
Lockheed lost $6 million from the development of the two prototypes, which were scrapped in 1948.
The Yakovlev Yak-15 was a first-generation Soviet turbojet fighter developed by the Yakovlev design bureau immediately after World War II.
The 501 flew for a while on passenger routes in the Mediterranean.
It had a steerable tailwheel landing gear and a nose-mounted engine.
The Dassault Mirage IV was a French jet-propelled supersonic strategic bomber and deep-reconnaissance aircraft.
Its design was revolutionary and its performance unprecedented.
By December, de Havilland and Hearle relocated the aircraft to the sheds and took rooms at a nearby inn.
The type was withdrawn from front-line service in 1940, but some machines remained active in the East Indies as trainers until the Japanese invasion in 1942.
The Ilyushin Il-76 is a multi-purpose four-engine turbofan strategic airlifter designed by the Soviet Union's Ilyushin design bureau.
The Varga 2150 Kachina is an American all-metal low fixed-wing two-seat light aircraft fitted with a tricycle undercarriage.
Military developments were the Vickers Valetta and the Vickers Varsity
The other airship, the R101, was built by the British Air Ministry, but both airships were funded by the Government.
While the skins are made of birch plywood, and the spars of pine, the wing ribs are made of PVC foam.
However the Barracuda is thought to have an operating ceiling of around 20,000 ft and carries a maximum payload of 300 kg.
The de Havilland DH.65 Hound was a 1920s British two-seat day bomber built by de Havilland at Stag Lane Aerodrome.
While the concept of a fleet shadower had some promise, the resulting prototypes were soon overtaken by wartime developments in airborne radar.
Heinkel convinced publisher Ullstein-Verlag to purchase a third aircraft from his firm.
It is armed with a 30 mm M230 chain gun carried between the main landing gear, under the aircraft's forward fuselage.
After the war, J2F Ducks saw service with independent civilian operators, as well as the armed forces of Colombia and Mexico.
The Hanriot HD.7 was a French fighter prototype of the 1910s.
The Super King Air family has been in continuous production since 1974, the longest production run of any civilian turboprop aircraft in its class.
In photographs, the registration number HB-XBC is visible, but this was never actually issued by Swiss authorities.
Various versions have been used as primary trainers by the Japan Self-Defense Forces, with the KM-2B remaining in service with the Japan Air Self-Defense Force.
Maryla was the name of Bartel's wife.
The Yakovlev Yak-28 was a swept wing, turbojet-powered combat aircraft used by the Soviet Union.
Tests carried out in 1954 showed it to be able to lift four times its own weight and cruise at 75 mph.
The General Aircraft Monospar was a 1930s British family of touring and utility aircraft built by General Aircraft Ltd.
The Bristol Type 146 was a British single-seat, eight-gun fighter monoplane prototype built to a mid-1930s Air Ministry contract.
It was of conventional configuration with a two-bay unstaggered wing cellule and seating for the pilot and instructor in tandem open cockpits.
With those weapons and its four 20mm Hispano cannon, the Typhoon became one of the Second World War's most successful ground-attack aircraft.
The AEG N.I was a German biplane night-bomber which saw limited action during World War I.
The type HD.320 was also built in Yugoslavia by Zmaj aircraft in Zemun, using an Salmson 9Ac, Siemens Sh12 or Walter NZ-120, engine.
In its early years, the Argus was reputedly the finest anti-submarine patrol bomber in the world.
The type was withdrawn in the 1960s, in favour of its jet-powered successor.
The Brewster SB2A Buccaneer was a single-engined mid-wing monoplane scout/bomber aircraft built for the United States Navy during the early 1940s.
The Welch OW-5M were a family of American two-seat light cabin monoplanes designed by Orin Welch based on his first cabin monoplane design, the ACA Falcon.
The M16E was the prototype for the M.16Z, which had either the Austro-Daimler or a 119 kW Mercedes engine.
The design was named in honor of Major General William "Billy" Mitchell, a pioneer of U.S. military aviation.
Development was slow and the first production aircraft was not delivered until after the end of the war.
The current engine of choice for the T-51 is the Suzuki H engine, specifically the H27A 2.7L V6, which generates 183 hp.
The Buccaneer was finally purchased by the MoD for the Royal Air Force, entering service in 1969.
The Piaggio P.119 was an Italian experimental fighter of World War II.
The aircraft's first flight was on 19 May 2009, and it made its public debut at the Paris Air Show in June 2009.
The SF.260 has been largely sold to military customers as a trainer and light combat aircraft.
It was a follow-on design to Levasseur's PL.14 that had, in turn, been developed from the carrier-based PL.7.
The P-38 was unusually quiet for a fighter, the exhaust muffled by the turbo-superchargers.
Another important difference was the unusual interplane strut arrangement of this aircraft.
The Halcón was designed for use on Spain's international air routes.
The Akaflieg München Mü13 Merlin and Akaflieg München Mü13 Atalante were a motor-glider and glider, respectively, designed and built in Germany from 1935.
Though officially a three-seater, it would be more accurately described as a "two-and-a-half-seater", as two adults would find themselves quite cramped in wider rear seat.
The engine would prove to be the aircraft's downfall.
It was developed under military specification C2, which called for a two-seat fighter aircraft.
The HAL HJT-16 Kiran is an Indian two-seat intermediate jet trainer built by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited.
It is a conventional, single seat design of wooden construction.
Supermarine attempted to design an improved version to replace the Short 184, the design, the Supermarine Patrol Seaplane, being powered by a 200 hp Sunbeam engine.
On 1 May 1964, the modified aircraft performed its first flight.
The PA-28 family of aircraft are all-metal, unpressurized, single-engine, piston-powered airplanes with low-mounted wings and tricycle landing gear.
Tupolev therefore guided AGOS- TsAGI in creating the first Soviet all-metal aircraft.
The airliner was cancelled but research flying continued until 1954.
The Convair B-58 Hustler was the first operational jet bomber capable of Mach 2 flight.
The first prototype flew in 1964, and the aircraft entered service in 1970.
The project was first announced by South Korean President Kim Dae-Jung at the graduation ceremony of the Korea Air Force Academy in March 2001.
The Ludion was intended to carry its pilot and 30 kg of equipment up to 700 m at an altitude of up to 200 m.
The Boeing KC-767 is a military aerial refueling and strategic transport aircraft developed from the Boeing 767-200ER.
It was a forerunner of the Avro 504, one of the outstanding aircraft of the First World War.
This was an attempt to address the problem of pitch-up, a potentially deadly phenomenon that plagued early high-speed models.
After the film was made, both helicopters were sold to Michael E. Grube, an aviation salvage collector in Clovis, New Mexico.
The Igor I. Sikorsky Human Powered Helicopter Competition was established in 1980 by the American Helicopter Society International.
During 2004, the DA42 became the first diesel-powered fixed-wing aircraft to perform a non-stop crossing of the North Atlantic.
The Britten-Norman BN-1F was a British single-seat ultralight aircraft built in 1950.
It is the civil version of the United States Army's CH-54 Tarhe.
The Hawker Siddeley HS 121 Trident was a British short and medium-range airliner.
Late in 1983, however, the certification process was still only in its preliminary stages.
Though it had innovative features, development did not continue after the start of hostilities.
The Short Springbok was a two-seat, all-metal reconnaissance biplane produced for the British Air Ministry in the 1920s.
The Grumman E-1 Tracer was the first purpose built airborne early warning aircraft used by the United States Navy.
Because of the Viking's engines' low-pitched sound, it was nicknamed the "Hoover" after the vacuum cleaner brand.
The longest recorded flight made by the Roe II Triplane was 600 ft.
The Albatros L 82 was a 1920s German trainer biplane.
Examples remained in service until the end of the War.
It lands on a retractable centerline skid or can be recovered by parachute.
The Lynx remains in production by AgustaWestland, the successor to Westland Helicopters.
The radar scanner was mounted in a retractable radome in the rear fuselage, behind a long internal weapons bay.
The de Havilland Canada DHC-4 Caribou is a Canadian-designed and produced specialized cargo aircraft with short takeoff and landing capability.
On rare occasions, other members of the U.S.
The Eberhart XFG was an American single-seat experimental ship-borne fighter developed for the United States Navy in 1927.
The Fokker 50 performed its maiden flight on 28 December 1985, and entered revenue service during 1987.
Towards the end of 1944 Piper announced a number of aircraft it intended to build after the war.
Only two prototypes were built before the program was canceled in favor of the Tupolev Tu-95 bomber which was much faster and had the same range.
The OKB-1 '150' was a jet bomber designed and produced in the USSR from 1948.
It was a single-engined biplane intended to replace the Sopwith Camel, but only one was built, being destroyed in a crash.
The P-16 was Switzerland's second attempt to develop a domestically-designed and manufactured jet fighter, after the EFW N-20.
Originally simply dubbed the "Affordable Airplane", the name "Sundancer" was chosen as the winner of a public competition, and later changed to "Sunbird".
The other one was due to overstressing of the airframe during flight through severe weather.
Replica was a design study for a British military aircraft with stealth capabilities, developed by BAE Systems.
The prototype flew on 20 May 1958, and the design was then modified for production by Suomen Ilmailuliitto.
It was developed from the prewar Model 10A Voyager.
It was eventually sent to Fokker's US subsidiary where the hull design was to serve as the basis for the Fokker F.11's hull.
Although Mayfly never flew, its brief career provided valuable training and experimental data for British airship crews and designers.
Reinhold Platz was responsible for the design.
The Douglas BTD Destroyer was an American dive/ torpedo bomber developed for the United States Navy during World War II.
Construction was of metal and wood, and was inspired by techniques used on the Breguet 14.
The MiG-15 was one of the first successful jet fighters to incorporate swept wings to achieve high transonic speeds.
The pilot and two passengers all sat in the cockpit, the passengers right behind the pilot.
the aircraft was given the designation F.E.1
As Boeing's first fly-by-wire airliner, it has computer-mediated controls.
The F-111B would be replaced by the smaller and lighter Grumman F-14 Tomcat, which carried over the engines, AWG-9/Phoenix weapons system, and similar swing-wing configuration.
The HAL HJT-36 Sitara is a subsonic intermediate jet trainer aircraft developed by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited for the Indian Air Force and the Indian Navy.
It first flew in August 1916 and entered service with the Royal Flying Corps in March 1917.
The RWD-14 Czapla was a Polish army cooperation aircraft, designed in the mid-1930s by the RWD team, and produced in the LWS factory from 1938.
The AGO C.II was a German reconnaissance biplane of World War I.
Due to unsolved technical problems, the aircraft's development was abandoned; some parts were used on the MiG-23, including R-23 missiles and their associated Sapfir-23 radar.
Several operators, including the armed forces of Britain, Denmark, Norway and Portugal, use the name Merlin for their AW101 aircraft.
As designed, it served as a successor to the earlier Short Sarafand flying boat.
It was first flown in 1937 and a small production run was built for the air force by Cia Nacional de Navegacao Costiera.
The Auster J/5 Alpine was a 1950s British single-engined four-seat high-wing training and touring monoplane built by Auster Aircraft Limited at Rearsby, Leicestershire.
It proved to be aerodynamically stable in flight, and was one of the first fixed-wing aircraft ever to do so.
The Albatros G.III, was a German bomber aircraft development of World War I.
By this time, the glider's success had attracted the attention of the Army, which arranged to purchase the aircraft.
The P.68 Observer, which was an Italian/German development, has a transparent nose for use in police work and observation duties.
It was a development of the twin-engine de Havilland Dove, with a stretched fuselage and two more engines.
Its structure is a fabric-covered, steel tube fuselage and tail group, with a wood wing structure.
It was the first plane of Polish design put into production.
The Mini-IMP follows the same unconventional layout as its larger predecessor, with a center mounted engine, long driveshaft to a tail propeller, and inverted-V rudder/elevators.
The Wellington remained as first-line equipment when the war ended, although it had been increasingly relegated to secondary roles.
The twin Cobra family, itself part of the larger Huey family, includes the AH-1J SeaCobra, the AH-1T Improved SeaCobra, and the AH-1W SuperCobra.
The Sukhoi Su-80 is a Russian twin-turboprop, twin-boom STOL transport aircraft.
The de Havilland DH.92 Dolphin was a 1930s British prototype light biplane airliner designed and built by the de Havilland aircraft company.
The first machine, 03.61, was delivered in April 1916.
The Letov Š-1 was a Czechoslovak single-engined, two-seat biplane surveillance aircraft.
The Tu-144 was later used by the Soviet space program to train pilots of the Buran spacecraft, and by NASA for supersonic research.
A major difference however, was its twin-boom fuselage, each with a separate tailfin.
It was the world's first supersonic trainer and is also the most produced.
Examples won several prestigious races in 1929 and 1930.
It was developed from the Hawker Hart day-bomber introduced in 1931.
Weighing 6,993 lb empty, the J-12 is one of the lightest jet fighters ever built.
Its development started in 1979 in collaboration with KETA and its first flight was made in 1982.
Argentina and Brazil are the last countries to still use the Tracker.
The series was followed into service in modified form by the MD-90 in 1995 and the Boeing 717 in 1999.
It is an aircraft designed and built specifically for aerial firefighting and is based on the company's CL-215.
The undercarriage is partially retractable and the large canopy swings open to the rear.
Consequently, only five civilian DC-5s were built.
In 1922, a VE-7 became the first plane to take off from an American aircraft carrier.
The U.S. Army had also captured enough parts to assemble perhaps 100 German V-2 guided missiles.
The first prototype that became the Air Camper was built and flown by Pietenpol in 1928.
The Partenavia P.55 Tornado is a 1950s Italian high-performance competition and touring monoplane built by Partenavia.
The Golden Arrow was intended to be of conventional monoplane configuration, with retractable tricycle undercarriage and a T-tail.
The U.S. Navy's remaining P-3C aircraft will eventually be replaced by the P-8A Poseidon.
The first M 24a was used commercially from 1930 by Nordbayerische Verkersflug on the Dresden-Chemnitz-Plauen-Nuremberg route, until it was lost in 1934.
The Adam RA-15 Major was a French sporting plane developed and produced in the decade after World War II.
There were a number of variants mainly based on engine variations.
The Boeing–Sikorsky RAH-66 Comanche was an advanced five-blade armed reconnaissance and attack helicopter designed for the United States Army.
Originally envisioned in 1964, the initial 737-100 made its first flight in April 1967 and entered airline service in February 1968 at Lufthansa.
The Bo 46 was one of a number of new designs exploring high-speed helicopter flight that were built in the early 1960s.
Its conventional open-cockpit, tailskid design was produced en masse in Italy under license.
The Socata ST-10 Diplomate was a French four-seat civil light aircraft.
The Bell YFM-1 Airacuda was an American heavy fighter aircraft, developed by the Bell Aircraft Corporation during the mid-1930s.
The Petlyakov VI-100 was a fighter/dive bomber aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1938.
Scheibe Flugzeugbau built the Spatz A in 1952.
Craiova as IAR-93, and its Yugoslav counterpart by Soko as the Soko J-22 Orao.
Disagreements over design authority and operational requirements led France to leave the consortium to develop the Dassault Rafale independently.
Further planned developments included the turboshaft-powered GF 300, and the GF 350 with twin turboshaft engines driving a common propeller.
The Aero Letňany A.10 was a biplane airliner produced in Czechoslovakia shortly after World War I.
The plane was to be armed with a single 20mm gun firing through the propeller shaft and four 7.9 mm machine guns in the wings.
This had a slimmer, laminar-flow fuselage and made use of carbon fibre in its construction.
The Lloyd C.II and its derivatives, the C.III and C.IV were reconnaissance aircraft produced in Austria-Hungary during the First World War.
The Nardi FN.316 was an Italian advanced fighter trainer monoplane developed by the Fratelli Nardi company from the Nardi FN.305.
The aircraft is powered by two lightweight Pratt & Whitney Canada PW610F turbofan engines in aft fuselage-mounted nacelles.
It is powered by a 20 kW rotary engine and has no landing gear, being recovered by parachute and airbags.
The Chinese chose an older but lighter radar so the canards could be omitted in return for increased payload.
The Mil Mi-44 is a utility helicopter in development by the Mil Design Bureau and based on the Mi-34.
It was designed and built by the Australian Government Aircraft Factories at Fishermens Bend, Melbourne.
This is a multi-role fighter/bomber variant based on the J-11BS with longer range and upgraded avionics, a concept similar to F-15E Strike Eagle.
The Nakajima G5N Shinzan was a four-engined long-range heavy bomber designed and built for the Imperial Japanese Navy prior to World War II.
The de Havilland DH 112 Venom was a British post-war single-engined jet aircraft developed and manufactured by the de Havilland Aircraft Company.
The aircraft was designed for a load factor of 9.
Built to carry nuclear weapons for Cold War-era deterrence missions, the B-52 Stratofortress replaced the Convair B-36.
The Sukhoi P-1 was a prototype Soviet interceptor.
On 2 January 1953, the proof-of-concept S.O.1220 performed its maiden flight; it was followed by the first of the S.O.1221 Djinn prototypes on 16 December 1953.
The Aeronca L-3 group of observation and liaison aircraft were used by the United States Army Air Corps in World War II.
The United States Air Force designation for the G100 is C-38 Courier.
Excessive delays and growth in program costs forced its cancellation on 16 October 2008, when the Department of Defense failed to certify the program to Congress.
Between 1961 and 1965 the two services harmonised their specifications to preserve design commonality.
A change to low-level tactics was made in the mid-1960s.
A prototype was built in 1943, it was a two-seat side-by-side low-wing cantilever monoplane with a twin-boom fuselage with a tricycle landing gear.
The airplane had a 75 kW Argus or Mercedes engine and was capable of 97 km/h.
The Goodyear GA-2 Duck was a 1940s American three-seat light amphibian built by the Goodyear Aircraft Corporation.
It was originally developed by Empresa Aeronáutica Ypiranga as an unlicensed copy of the Taylor Cub powered by a Salmson 9Ad radial engine.
A specialised derivative, the Sea Venom, was produced as a navalised version of the aircraft suitable for carrier operations.
There are four models, with 18- and 20-metre wings of HQK-51 profile.
The F-111 suffered a variety of problems during initial development.
The BICh-11 was a twin-engined tailless research aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1931.
This arrangement was disliked by its pilots as they feared being crushed if the aircraft were to roll over on takeoff or landing.
The SEA IV was a French two-seat military aircraft of World War I and the immediate post-war era.
The Beechcraft Model 99 is a civilian aircraft produced by the Beechcraft.
It is a twin-engined development of the Myasishchev M-17 Stratosphera with a higher maximum take-off weight.
The Martin M-130 was a commercial flying boat designed and built in 1935 by the Glenn L. Martin Company in Baltimore, Maryland, for Pan American Airways.
The Bravo 700 is a small, two-seat civil utility aircraft manufactured by Aero Bravo in Brazil in both kit and ready-to-fly form.
It is not a kit aircraft, though many small parts are available prefabricated.
The fourth aircraft had been destroyed while undergoing tests in March 1929.
United States sailors gave the aircraft the nickname Baka).
The Shenyang J-8 is a high-speed, high-altitude Chinese-built single-seat interceptor fighter aircraft.
Before being purchased by the Army, LZ 3 made many flights and carried a number of influential passengers, including the German Crown Prince.
The Model 45 was the first all-new design since the original Learjet, and significantly altered the Learjet line.
The Vickers Type 163 was a prototype British biplane bomber design of the 1930s, built by Vickers-Armstrong.
Production was interrupted, however, by a fire at the factory after only around twenty machines had been built.
The HE 1 was powered by a 179 kW Maybach Mb.IVa engine; one test aircraft was powered by a Siddeley Puma engine.
The helicopters are flown by 16 Squadron, based at AFB Bloemspruit near Bloemfontein.
The Luftwaffe had a shortcoming in the lack of an efficient heavy bomber fleet.
It was modern for its time, but by the German invasion of 1940, it was outclassed by the airplanes of the Luftwaffe.
The Croses EC-6 Criquet is a 1960s French two-seat homebuilt aircraft designed by Emilien Croses.
Only a single prototype was built; after capture by German forces, it was impressed into service with the Luftwaffe as a transport.
It boasted average performance, compared to other gliders of the day, and was advertised as making the process of learning to fly sailplanes easier.
The only orders came from the Bolivian Air Force, which ordered 6 units in 1986 and flew them until 1992.
It is a monoplane with retractable tricycle undercarriage and seating for four.
The pilot sat in an open cockpit, and the tailwheel undercarriage featured divided main units.
Currently over 500 J-5s remain on the FAA registry.
The Type 88 number was designated for the year the aircraft was accepted, 2588 in the Japanese imperial year calendar, or 1928 in the Gregorian calendar.
To compensate for the weight increase, its overall proportions were significantly greater than its predecessor.
During the 1970s, a flying replica was built, with work started by Gunnar Fjord Christensen in 1972 and sold to the Danmarks Flymuseum in 1977.
For interception missions, the J7W was to be armed with four forward-firing 30 mm cannons in the nose.
In South African service, the type was operated in the maritime patrol capacity between 1957 and 1984.
The Nielsen & Winther Type AA, also known as the Type AA, was a Danish fighter aircraft of the 1910s.
The Re.2001 became the basis of a later, more formidable fighter, the Re.2005.
The Kaiser-Fleetwings A-39 was a project by Kaiser-Fleetwings in the 1942–1943 period for an attack aircraft powered by a single Pratt & Whitney R-2800 radial engine.
Despite promising results in tests, the project was cancelled.
The bomber can deploy both conventional and thermonuclear weapons, such as eighty 500 lb-class JDAM Global Positioning System-guided bombs, or sixteen 2,400 lb B83 nuclear bombs.
Design and initial development of the Aerobee occurred between June 1946 and November 1947.
The designation of X-16 was a cover to try to hide the true nature of the aircraft mission from the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
When it first flew in 1938, the Whirlwind was one of the fastest and most heavily armed combat aircraft in the world.
The Aero A.29 was a military biplane developed in Czechoslovakia from the ubiquitous Aero A.11 reconnaissance-bomber.
On 16 August 1947, the maiden flight of the aircraft, which had received the designation DHC-2 Beaver, took place.
It had a wingspan of 13 m and weighed of only 80 kg without the pilot.
Originally developed as a civilian airliner and successor to the Ca.101, the Ca.133 prototype first flew in December 1934, and production began in 1935.
It was used as a reconnaissance and light bomber during the early part of World War I, later being relegated to training duties.
Its duties were continued by the other V-bombers which remained in service until the 1980s.
It was also built in quantity under licence by Aermacchi in Italy and Atlas Aircraft Corporation.
The Allied reporting name for the aircraft was Rufe.
The Colomban Cri-Cri is the smallest twin-engined manned aircraft in the world, designed in the early 1970s by French aeronautical engineer Michel Colomban.
In 1981, the IAR-827 prototype was re-engined with a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6A turboprop and redesignated first as the IAR-827TP and later as the IAR-828.
In the late 1970s, the all-weather fighter-interceptor aircraft JA 37 variant was introduced.
It incorporated innovations such as variable-geometry wings, afterburning turbofan engines, and a long-range radar and missile weapons system.
The air force suggested a set of modifications to Aero, including replacing the wooden wing with a metal one, but Aero discontinued development.
The Sarafand was first proposed by Oswald Short in 1928 as an enlarged development of the Singapore II, to provide transatlantic range capabilitity.
The Tupolev Tu-330 is a proposed modern medium-transport aircraft from the Russian airplane manufacturer Tupolev PSC.
Key features of the type include the adoption of a delta wing and a droop-nose.
However, when military equipment was installed on production examples, problems of instability developed and the aeroplane's general performance deteriorated.
The Schweizer SGS 2-33 is an American two-seat, high-wing, strut-braced, training glider that was built by Schweizer Aircraft of Elmira, New York.
The M.S.406 was developed in response to a requirement issued by the French Air Force during 1934.
The Sopwith Tabloid and Sopwith Schneider were British biplanes, originally designed as sports aircraft and later adapted for military use.
The aircraft was produced by Fiat Aviazione, and entered service, in smaller numbers, with the air forces of Belgium, Sweden and Hungary.
The project suffered delays due to difficulties encountered in the development of the Proteus engine.
It is still being produced in Romania by Aerostar, as Iak-52, which gained manufacturing rights under agreement within the now defunct COMECON socialist trade organisation.
Miles Limited by fitting Turbomeca Palas jets to the prototype Miles Sparrowhawk.
Originating as a 1944 United States Army Air Forces proposal for a "day fighter", the F-84 first flew in 1946.
The first crash occurred on 25 May 1950, when an undercarriage door tore off in flight and struck the aircraft's tail.
Private owners and flying clubs purchased at least 12, and Regia Aeronautica operated four.
These regional jet models were formerly known as the Canadair CRJ100 and CRJ200.
The Hercules family has the longest continuous production run of any military aircraft in history.
The Fauvel AV.22 was an unorthodox glider produced in France in the 1950s, 60s, and 70s.
By the end of the war, the aircraft had only flown in the form of two unpowered prototypes.
The Bristol 188 was a British supersonic research aircraft built by the Bristol Aeroplane Company in the 1950s.
The T-38 remains in service as of 2017 in several air forces.
The aircraft was designed by French aeronautical engineer Claude Piel.
After this success he founded an aircraft factory and flying school near Berlin.
The F-101B entered service with Air Defense Command in 1959 and the Royal Canadian Air Force in 1961.
The Dewoitine 37 was the origin of a family of 1930s French-built monoplane fighter aircraft.
The innovative Harrier family and its Rolls-Royce Pegasus engines with thrust vectoring nozzles have generated long-term interest in V/STOL aircraft.
The Macchi C.202 Folgore was a World War II fighter aircraft built by Macchi Aeronautica and operated mainly by the Regia Aeronautica Air Force).
The Beaver has become one of the more iconic aircraft to have been produced in Canada.
The Agusta AB.102 was an Italian helicopter produced in small numbers in the early 1960s.
Ten DC.Is were ordered by the Dutch East Indies Army Air Service, which flew them from 1925 to 1934.
A further development of the K-1, it was a conventional high-wing, strut-braced monoplane with separate enclosed cabin and cockpit.
Developments along its production life included winglets, pneumatic turbulators, and wingtip extensions.
The aircraft were almost identical with the exception of revised and strengthened undercarriage and centre section cabane struts.
Only three examples of the RG-6 were built.
The 990 was lengthened by 10 ft, which increased the number of passengers from between 88 and 110 in the 880, to between 96 and 121.
The Comte AC-4 Gentleman was a 1920s Swiss two-seat sport/training aircraft produced by Flugzeugbau A. Comte.
It served from the early 1970s until March 2010.
The Peterson 260SE is a STOL conversion of a Cessna 182 airframe made by Todd Peterson.
Production started in 1984 and lasted until the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991.
It was recovered simply by putting it into a flat spin, allowing it to flutter down to the ground.
However, although the designation MKEK-5 was allocated, nothing further came of this.
The Consolidated Model 2 was a PT-1 biplane trainer diverted to the United States Navy for a trainer competition in 1925.
It was powered by a Wankel automotive engine and remained on the Swiss civil register until 1994.
The CASA C-212 Aviocar is a turboprop-powered STOL medium transport aircraft designed and built by CASA in Spain for civil and military use.
Development costs are estimated at €11 billion.
Designed for either air or ground launch and high loiter times, the PMTD has the ability to operate completely autonomously.
The journey was recorded in his book and documentary film Silberkondor über Feuerland.
After reorganization, Trek Aerospace extensively redesigned the aircraft, creating the Springtail EFV.
Sales of the type were disappointing, leading to only 40 Corvettes being constructed, including the prototypes, prior to production being terminated.
The HC-130H Hercules and HC-130J Hercules versions are operated by the United States Coast Guard in a SAR and maritime reconnaissance role.
The Lo-100 is an aerobatic glider of classic wood and fabric construction well suited to amateur building methods.
A horizontal stabiliser was fitted aft of the frame.
It was designed and manufactured by the Lavochkin Design Bureau from 1946.
The J-5 was exported as the F-5.
The Fokker F.II was the first of a long series of commercial aircraft from the Fokker Aircraft Company, flying in 1919.
The prototype remains on the French Civil register but the two UK aircraft are now deregistered.
The aircraft was Federal Aviation Administration type certified on 28 October 2016, after a ten-year development process, marked by aircraft technical and company financial challenges.
The Nakajima LB-2 was a long-range, land-based bomber developed in Japan for use by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
The SGV-770 was an air-cooled, inverted, V-12 engine.
The Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm Bo 105 is a light, twin-engine, multi-purpose helicopter developed by Bölkow of Ottobrunn, Germany.
The Renard R.31 was a Belgian reconnaissance aircraft of the 1930s.
The aircraft was amphibious and would carry three to four passengers.
The HAL Ajeet was a development of the British Folland Gnat fighter that was built under licence in India by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited.
It is capable of landing vertically like a helicopter while having a range and speed in excess of conventional rotorcraft.
Whatever actually happened, the French military was unimpressed with the demonstration and cancelled any further funding.
A prototype, designated XL-60, with Argus As 10C engine, first flew on December 24, 1953, but it was not successful.
The Sabreliner was also developed into a commercial variant.
It has been speculated that it is a copy/modification of the Cirrus SR-20.
Fish and Wildlife Service in Alaska for various duties.
The Bisnovat 5 was ordered into development to provide an all-Soviet alternative to an aircraft built with foreign technology.
It was a biplane with twin pusher engines.
The Boisavia B-80 Chablis was French light sport aircraft of the 1950s.
The Caproni Ca.311 was a light bomber-reconnaissance aircraft produced in Italy prior to and during World War II.
However, while the Rocco's wings had been braced by struts, the Rostra's wings were a fully cantilever design.
The Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-105 part of a programme known as the Spiral, was a manned test vehicle to explore low-speed handling and landing.
During the conflict, the type was heavily involved in Allied efforts to counter the threat posed by German U-boats in the Battle of the Atlantic.
In United States Air Force Academy service, it is designated TG-10C and is used for basic flight training.
The Kawanishi E15K Shiun was a single-engined Japanese reconnaissance floatplane of World War II.
The United States purchased a small number of G.222s, designating them the C-27A Spartan.
One of these latter machines remained in service until 1934.
The PL-4A won the "Outstanding New Design" and "Outstanding Contribution to Low-Cost Flying" awards at the 1972 EAA Fly-In.
G-BDXJ is the registration of a Boeing 747-236B aircraft purchased by British Airways in 1980.
At the beginning of 2012, only four Il-86s remained in service, all with the Russian Air Force.
One unit was converted into an XPG-3 powered glider which used two Jacobs R-755-9 radial engines.
One is a 747-100 model, while the other is a short range 747-100SR.
There was also a C.59/2 version, which was equipped with a 230 hp Lorraine 7Ma Mizar engine.
The Avro 618 Ten or X was a passenger transport aircraft of the 1930s.
When the design proved no more successful as a racer, it was finally put to rest.
The lines of the fuselage were aerodynamically efficient, and everything was designed to get the most out of the famous Daimler-Benz DB 605 engine.
When these were canceled, the underwing pods were revised to each house a pair of Bristol Jupiter engines in a push-pull configuration.
A single example of a Student Prince X was produced in 1931 powered by a 90 hp ACE engine.
The Toyota TAA-1 was a prototype general aviation aircraft substantially built and test flown by Burt Rutan's Scaled Composites under contract with Toyota.
The KWD was the only of the three imperial shipyards which built U-boats for the Kaiserliche Marine.
The Ace Baby Ace was the world's first aircraft to be marketed as a homebuilt aircraft when its plans were offered for sale in 1929.
This was fully enclosed and provided seating for three passengers side-by-side on a bench seat behind the pilot's seat.
The aircraft was intended to be built directly from the production line, skipping the traditional hand-built prototype phase.
A few were later modified as the E.III fighters.
The Boeing L-15 Scout or YL-15 was a small, piston engine liaison aircraft built by Boeing in very small numbers after World War II.
The Focke-Wulf Project VII Flitzer was a jet fighter under development in Germany at the end of World War II.
It continued to be used for test flights, and was allocated to the Royal Aircraft Establishment in 1958.
First flight of the Bell 429 prototype took place on February 27, 2007, and the aircraft received type certification on July 1, 2009.
The Tupolev ANT-22 was a large flying boat built in the Soviet Union in 1934.
The Bellanca CH-200 Pacemaker was a six-seat, high-wing, single-engine utility aircraft built in the United States in the 1920s.
It was manufactured at PZL Świdnik from 2000 and at ZS Jezow from 2007.
It was the first US monoplane given the B- 'bomber' designation.
This had completely new wings of 15 m to allow it to compete in the Standard Class.
Construction was metal throughout and skinned, in typical Junkers fashion, with corrugated duralumin.
The prototype was called Sääski I and was completed in the early spring of 1928.
The Vickers Vanox was a British biplane bomber design intended as a successor to the Virginia for the Royal Air Force.
Over 500 of these aircraft were used by the French military for reconnaissance and artillery-spotting duties in 1917 and 1918.
Again, like its predecessor, it was intended to be able to be powered by a variety of air-cooled engines.
The rear fuselage had to be extended to compensate for the heavier engine.
The Boeing B-56 was a proposal by Boeing for a re-engined version of the United States jet-powered medium bomber aircraft, the B-47 Stratojet.
Two were purchased for the US Navy and one for the US Army.
It was originally developed by Hunting Percival from the earlier piston engine-powered Percival Provost basic trainer, and later produced by the British Aircraft Corporation.
The Partenavia P.64B/P.66B Oscar is an Italian two/four-seat, single-engined, high-wing monoplane built by Partenavia.
The McDonnell Douglas C-9 is a military version of the McDonnell Douglas DC-9 airliner.
The Ball-Bartoe JW-1 Jetwing was a US research aircraft flown in the 1970s to investigate blown wing technology.
Originally introduced in 1935, the Norseman remained in production for almost 25 years with over 900 produced.
Deliveries of the newly named Blenheim to RAF squadrons commenced on the 10th of March 1937.
The Sikorsky S-72 was an experimental hybrid helicopter/fixed-wing aircraft developed by helicopter manufacturer Sikorsky Aircraft.
It was also popular among private operators, notably mail transport companies.
Protracted development problems with its Rolls-Royce Peregrine engines delayed the project and few Whirlwinds were built.
The de Havilland DH.54 Highclere was a single-engined 15-passenger biplane airliner designed to replace the DH.34.
The student and the instructor sit in tandem.
The Messerschmitt Me 210 was a German heavy fighter and ground-attack aircraft of World War II.
While primarily operated as a trainer aircraft, the Magister was also frequently used in combat as a close air support platform by various operators.
The Short SB.4 Sherpa was a British experimental aircraft designed and built during the 1950s to test the flight characteristics of the aero-isoclinic wing.
The Temco T-35 Buckaroo was designed in the late 1940s as an extremely low-cost trainer for commercial and military markets.
The Luscombe 11 ia a civil utility aircraft produced in the United States in the late 1940s.
After the crash of Osoaviakhim-1 in January 1934 USSR-1 was retrofitted with a gondola parachute and a new gas envelope.
The Bristol Type 173 was a British twin-engine, tandem rotor transport helicopter built by the Bristol Aeroplane Company.
The de Havilland DH.85 Leopard Moth is a three-seat high-wing cabin monoplane designed and built by the de Havilland Aircraft Company in 1933.
In 1991, the Boeing–Sikorsky team was chosen to produce prototypes.
Main landing gear comprised a retractable skid, while the rear of the aircraft would rest on the reinforced wing tips.
It was a braced parasol monoplane of conventional configuration with tailskid undercarriage.
Probably around half of this number were completed before the end of the war, with at least some of them reaching operational status by that time.
It would have a cargo capacity roughly equivalent to the C-130 Hercules, cruise at 250 knots, and land at unimproved sites vertically like a helicopter.
The Su-15 was designed to replace the Sukhoi Su-11 and Sukhoi Su-9, which were becoming obsolete as NATO introduced newer and more capable strategic bombers.
International purchases were by Italy and Romania.
The Lockheed XH-51 was an American single-engine experimental helicopter designed by Lockheed Aircraft, utilizing a rigid rotor and retractable skid landing gear.
For many decades, the V.3 was thought to be a modification to the V.2 instead of a separate aircraft.
Due to inadequate maintenance they did not last long and were withdrawn from service by 1925.
Like the El Tomcat, the Jet-Cat was to be only a single-seat aircraft with a fuselage radically reconfigured from its original design.
This lofted trajectory allowed the missile to operate at a maximum range as great as 250 miles.
Most aircraft are painted to represent SE5 aircraft flown in The Great War.
These were followed by batches of aircraft with alternative powerplants.
The Decathlon entered production in the United States in 1970 as a more powerful and stronger complement to the American Champion Citabria line of aircraft.
The Heinkel HD 24 was a training seaplane developed in Germany in the late 1920s.
Most were powered by certified Lycoming or Continental engines.
Surviving aircraft saw much service with many countries in the years after World War I.
The later 720, 727, 737, and 757 share elements of the 707's fuselage design.
Its remarkable durability, high lifting power, and ability to take off and land from poor runways have given it a long service life.
In 1981, it successfully completed a 163-mile demonstration flight from France to England.
The Aero Boero AB-115 is an Argentine civil utility aircraft.
The Lippisch P.13b was a World War II German ramjet powered fighter aircraft designed by Alexander Lippisch.
The Blackburn Sidecar was a two-seat ultra-light aircraft built by the Blackburn Aeroplane & Motor Company at Brough in 1919.
With a top speed of 318 mph, the Wildcat was outperformed by the faster 331 mph, more maneuverable, and longer-ranged Mitsubishi A6M Zero.
The Blériot III was an early French aeroplane built by pioneer aviators Louis Blériot and Gabriel Voisin.
The aircraft was a development of the Wirraway trainer of World War II.
Skid undercarriage and tricycle gear were both tested.
However, the RAF's desired configuration was to take precedence over that of the Royal Navy's.
The Bölkow Phoebus is a glass fibre composite competition sailplane, designed and produced in Germany in the 1960s.
Following World War II, series production restarted in Germany in 1956.
The basic design received an engine and armament upgrade and was modified for the ground-attack role.
The Yermolayev Yer-2 was a long-range Soviet medium bomber used during World War II.
The McDonnell Douglas DC-9 is a twin-engine, single-aisle jet airliner.
The last aircraft were retired from RV i PVO service in 1960/61, having been replaced by more modern jet-powered aircraft.
The Miles M.6 Hawcon was a 1930s British experimental monoplane designed by Miles Aircraft Limited.
The landing gear consisted of a retractable monowheel and a tailwheel, and construction throughout was of fibreglass.
It is these aircraft that form the bulk of airworthy "survivors" today.
It was designed as a single-seat main attack version or as a combat capable two-seat version for advanced flying and weapon training.
The LWD Żak was a Polish touring and trainer aircraft of the late 1940s, designed in the LWD and built in a short series.
The BH-1 was subsequently rebuilt with a Gnome Omega rotary engine and was finally able to fly with two people aboard.
The ADI Condor was a motor glider of unusual configuration built in the United States in 1981.
Mr Janowski restricted maximum engine power for his design to maximum of 50BHP.
It served as base for the design of the KC-135 tanker and the 707 airliner.
The Dassault Super Mystère was a French fighter-bomber and was the first Western European supersonic aircraft to enter mass production.
The Sikorsky S-60 helicopter, a prototype "flying crane", was derived from the S-56 in 1958.
The pilot and instructor sat side by side.
The Caudron C.270 Luciole was a sporting, touring and trainer aircraft produced in France in the 1930s, derived from the C.230.
American aerospace engineer Clarence "Kelly" Johnson was responsible for many of the design's innovative concepts.
The project was privately funded and the prototype design was done in the spare time of the company's engineers.
The Fuji T-7 is a Japanese primary trainer aircraft built by Fuji Heavy Industries for the Japan Air Self-Defense Force.
The aircraft flew well, but was expensive to buy with only a small domestic market for the type and only a small number were exported.
Even then, it was not long before Germany abandoned the Lipetsk base to the Soviet Union.
During the war, the Luftwaffe impressed them as military transports.
An all-new design, it was developed in the late 1980s to compete with the similar Boeing 7J7.
The aircraft remains in production by Sikorsky Aircraft after acquiring Schweizer.
Conceptually a descendant of the BH-1 sports plane, it was a braced, low-wing monoplane of conventional configuration and tailskid undercarriage.
Originally designated FLB, it was a conventional high-wing cantilever monoplane with a flying boat hull and outrigger pontoons mounted on the wings slightly outboard of mid-span.
Rather than holding a separate high-explosive warhead, the drone itself is the main munition.
The PWS-10 was a Polish fighter aircraft, constructed in the PWS.
Its maiden flight took place in 1981, and the aircraft achieved initial operating capability status in 1983.
I-struts were used in the interplane gap, as on the Hannover CL.V.
The Martin 4-0-4 was an American pressurized passenger airliner built by the Glenn L. Martin Company.
Its competitor in the STAMP program was a one person open-cockpit craft called the Williams Aerial Systems Platform, made by Williams International.
The Navy classified it as a C3MG type; indicating armament with both fixed and trainable machine guns.
Although the design was conceptually advanced, it was beset by numerous problems and never approached its anticipated level of performance.
The rear fuselage, empennage, and outer wing panels remained identical with the sailplane version.
and Ernest Hives of Rolls-Royce thought that the Griffon would be "a second power string for the Spitfire".
The main bogies of the tricycle landing gear are carried on faired pods outside the pressure capsule.
The Helicycle was conceived and designed by B.J.
The RWD-19 was a Polish two-seat low-wing sports aircraft of 1938, constructed by the RWD bureau.
The engine was mounted in pusher configuration in the interplane gap.
The prototype first flew in January 1969.
The Beechcraft CT-134 Musketeer was a military training derivative of the Musketeer built by Beechcraft for the Canadian Forces.
It was the precursor of the Ilyushin Il-4.
These efforts were delayed by an accident on the ground, and then a landing accident caused by the failure of a locking pin on the undercarriage.
In numerous trials at Trek Aerospace's facilities in Sunnyvale, California, the machine "appeared to perform perfectly".
Following Taylor's death, the plans and licensing for the Mini-IMP have been marketed by the Mini-IMP Aircraft Company of Weatherford, Texas.
Despite this, a mockup designated TS-16RD was built.
They were soon replaced in service by the Junkers Ju 87.
The aircraft's disappointing performance and range prevented it from achieving commercial success.
It was also used by the air forces of Australia, South Africa, France, and the Netherlands during the war, and by Brazil afterwards.
Production started in 1965 at the Soko aircraft factory in Mostar, and ended in 1985 with 248 aircraft delivered.
Flight testing of the three prototypes began on December 26, 1970.
The tandem seats are enclosed by a bubble canopy, and the tailwheel undercarriage can be built as either fixed or with retractable main units.
It was built in direct competition with the Schempp-Hirth Discus.
The Rohrbach Ro VIII Roland was an airliner produced in Germany during the 1920s.
From mid-1942 to mid-1943, Mosquito bombers flew high-speed, medium or low-altitude missions against factories, railways and other pinpoint targets in Germany and German-occupied Europe.
Today the MiG-23 remains in limited service with some export customers.
The F-11A cost $40,000 but the price was slashed to $32,500 as the depression set in during 1930.
As of 2015, it is the third most common operational military aircraft in the world.
The Boeing 777 is a family of long-range wide-body twin-engine jet airliners developed and manufactured by Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
It was the production test version of that company's A-14 Shrike.
He was assisted in these endeavours by pyrotechnics manufacturer Friedrich Sander and rocketry advocate Max Valier.
Its public image was also greatly damaged, leading to its early retirement from U.S. airlines.
It was a low-wing cantilever monoplane with retractable tricycle undercarriage and a highly streamlined fuselage.
The OQ-2 Radioplane was the first mass-produced UAV or drone in the United States, manufactured by the Radioplane Company.
One XT57 was installed in the nose of a C-124 for testing.
Inflight-refueling equipment was deployed on the Savage in the mid-1950s.
These 325 model 108s went to Piper as part of the sale.
The Lockheed L-2000 was Lockheed Corporation's entry in a government-funded competition to build the United States' first supersonic transport in the 1960s.
A newer, monoplane aircraft was preferred and only one A.W.19 was built.
The Embraer R-99 is the Brazilian Air Force military designation of the ERJ 145 civil regional jet.
However, the Henschel Hs 129 was selected instead.
It was an unequal-span biplane developed on the basis of the ill-fated BH-6 design, in an attempt to address that type's problems.
The Thurston TA16 Trojan was a light amphibious aircraft developed in the United States during the 1970s for homebuilding.
After a successful combat career in the early Jagdstaffeln, it was gradually superseded by the Albatros D.III.
Production started in 1925 by the companies of Henry Ford and ended on June 7, 1933.
The Heinkel HE 12 was a pontoon-equipped mail plane built in Germany in 1929, designed to be launched by catapult from a liner at sea.
The contract was awarded on 1 June 1915 to the Connecticut Aircraft Company of New Haven, CT.
Two months later, the assembly line, tooling, plans and existing airframes and engines were ordered to be destroyed.
The test flight program was completed by 29 September 1933 with disappointing results.
The Stampe et Vertongen SV.4 is a Belgian two-seat trainer/tourer biplane designed and built by Stampe et Vertongen.
The Sharp Nemesis NXT is a sport-class kit-built aircraft designed for air racing.
Due to problems in this cooperation, the Poles decided to build a completely new helicopter on their own, designated as PZL W-3 Sokół.
NITI is a very light-weight, stealthy remote-controlled Bulgarian unmanned aerial vehicle.
And leave straight afterwards and go straight back to Chicago.
The design did not progress beyond the prototype stage.
Following reviews of proposals, the United States Air Force selected McDonnell Douglas' design in 1967 to meet the service's need for a dedicated air superiority fighter.
The Ford Trimotor is an American three-engined transport aircraft.
The Supermarine Stranraer was a 1930s flying boat designed and built by the British Supermarine Aviation Works company principally for the Royal Air Force.
The first of four machines made its first flight on 15 March 1953.
Roe continued work on his aircraft, borrowing a French Antoinette engine of 24 hp to use instead.
The Letov Š-6 was a bomber aircraft produced in Czechoslovakia during the 1920s.
After several wind tunnel tests, Military Aviation built a Cierva C.6 autogyro in an Avro 504 frame.
The incomplete BD-8 was purchased by Mike Huffman, who completed its construction in 1980.
The Douglas C-124 Globemaster II, nicknamed "Old Shaky", was an American heavy-lift cargo aircraft built by the Douglas Aircraft Company in Long Beach, California.
It was also investigated if the aircraft could be sold in parts, for self-assembly, in order to lower the price.
It has an endurance of over 20 hours, with a primary mission of reconnaissance, surveillance and communications relay.
Damaged in a forced landing at the competition, the second prototype was scrapped in 1922.
The A160 achieved maximum speeds of over 140 knots, though endurance and altitude were its goals, not speed.
It was originally collaboratively developed between the American Mooney Airplane Company and French light aircraft manufacturer SOCATA.
It is the first four-seat airplane in the popular RV series.
British army air co-operation aircraft were named after mythical or historical military leaders; in this case the Spartan general Lysander was chosen.
The Avro Canada CF-105 Arrow, often known simply as the Avro Arrow, was a delta-winged interceptor aircraft designed and built by Avro Canada.
The Grob G 120 is a two seated training and aerobatic low-wing aircraft with a carbon composite airframe, built by Grob Aircraft.
The performance of the He 176 was not spectacular, but it did provide "proof of concept" for rocket propulsion.
The Fiat CR.42 Falco was a single-seat sesquiplane fighter that served primarily in Italy's Regia Aeronautica before and during World War II.
It was subsequently sold onto the civil market and was eventually acquired by the Flygvapenmuseum, where it is preserved.
The wing has a laminar flow airfoil with top surface air brakes.
The Britten-Norman Defender is a multi-role utility transport aircraft, manufactured by Britten-Norman of the United Kingdom.
It was based heavily on the SC I, with a more powerful BMW Va engine.
During its long operational life, the Saab 32 also served as an electronic warfare platform and target-tug aircraft.
The Beechcraft Model 18 is a 6- to 11-seat, twin-engined, low-wing, tailwheel light aircraft manufactured by the Beech Aircraft Corporation of Wichita, Kansas.
The Agusta A.104 Helicar was an Italian prototype light commercial helicopter first flown in December 1960.
Successively improved variants of the type were produced, adopting increasingly more capable engine models and expanding its fuel capacity amongst other modifications being implemented.
A single-engined tractor biplane, the Wagtail was a failure owing to the unreliability of its engine, only five being built.
The Commonwealth Aircraft CA-28 Ceres was a crop-duster aircraft manufactured in Australia by the Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation between 1959 and 1963.
Thirty-four Capstans were built, one of which was fitted with an auxiliary engine with the designation T.49C Powered Capstan.
However, both prototypes were lost due to mechanical problems.
The Bellanca 14-7 and its successors were a family of light aircraft manufactured in the United States shortly before World War II.
The MDR-3 was a long-range flying boat designed and built in the USSR from 1931.
The J-7 was extensively re-developed into the CAC/PAC JF-17 Thunder, which became a successor to the type.
The model 27 was the last of the line of Nieuport "V-strut" single seat fighters stemming from the Bébé of early 1916.
The shortened, longer range L-1011-500 first flew in 1978, and entered service with British Airways a year later.
The Morane-Saulnier V, also known as the Morane-Saulnier Type V was a French fighter of the 1910s.
By the end of production in 1944, in excess of 14,583 Hurricanes had been completed.
The majority built were conversions of the earlier Vickers Victoria.
The DFS Habicht was designed in 1936 by Hans Jacobs as an unlimited aerobatic sailplane, with support provided by the Deutsche Forschungsanstalt für Segelflug.
More than 3,800 F-5 and the closely related T-38 advanced trainer aircraft were produced in Hawthorne, California.
The Sikorsky Cypher and Cypher II are types of unmanned aerial vehicles developed by Sikorsky Aircraft.
The AT-17 was powered by two Jacobs R-755-9 radial piston engines.
The aircraft system and the ground control station were carried in separate backpacks.
The TBM 850 is the production name assigned to the TBM 700N, an improved version of the aircraft powered by a single Pratt & Whitney PT6A-66D.
The Sea Fury's development was formally initiated in 1943 in response to a wartime requirement of the RAF, thus the aircraft was initially named Fury.
The aircraft was built by the State Aircraft Factory and was a two-seat, biplane, single-engine trainer constructed out of wood.
The Fairey Battle participated in direct combat missions during early stages of the Second World War.
This limited, of course, both the the quantity and the dimensions of the built.
Total production in the USSR was 6,316 aircraft, and over 319 H-5s were built.
The flying surfaces were sharply swept, and construction throughout was of an experimental alloy.
The Ikarus 452 was an experimental jet aircraft built in Yugoslavia in 1953.
Kudrin, to evaluate the aerodynamic soundness of the design before work was started on the first prototype.
The BQM-145A was designed to precede airstrike packages into a target area and relay reconnaissance information in real time.
PZL M26 Iskierka or M26 Airwolf is a Polish trainer and aerobatic aircraft, designed at WSK PZL-Mielec.
In response, the Joint-service Vertical take-off/landing Experimental aircraft program started in 1981.
With the fall of France, the production series was diverted to Great Britain.
Pilot Pierre Decroo was killed in the crash.
The Sukhoi Superjet 100 is a modern fly-by-wire twin-engine regional jet with 8 to 108 passenger seats.
It was later followed by an improved version the PL-2.
11 was the main aircraft of the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service up until the German invasion of Norway in 1940.
By the mid-1950s, large commercial flying boats were being increasingly overshadowed by land-based jet airliners.
A series of variants based on the United States Army's Boeing CH-47 Chinook, the RAF Chinook fleet is the largest outside the United States.
The type was exported to a wide range of countries as a military trainer.
Once again, Fokker pursued similar aircraft with both rotary and inline engines.
The Stroukoff YC-134, designed in 1956, was based heavily on the Fairchild C-123 Provider.
The Albatros J.II was a German single-engine, single-seat, biplane ground-attack aircraft of World War I.
The Caproni Ca.314 was an Italian twin-engine monoplane bomber, used in World War II.
In the 1970s, anti-submarine, anti-surface threat capabilities were added to the design, including over-the-horizon targeting, resulting in modifying most existing UH-2 models to the SH-2 Seasprite.
None are known to have survived the war.
The tests ultimately confirmed that the original P.1/Lightning design was an effective configuration for high speed flight.
It was a mid-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with an enclosed cockpit.
The T-50A is being marketed as a candidate for the United States Air Force's next-generation T-X trainer program.
Burgess sold several aircraft of the Dunne design in the United States and Canada, including military and floatplane variants.
It was a development of the Ilyushin Il-18 turboprop transport.
When a market for the Aerocar did not emerge, Taylor turned to more conventional designs.
A small series of five aircraft was produced, with the first two supplied to Egypt.
Among RAF pilots it had the nickname "Daffy".
The Bombardier Challenger 800 is the largest super-midsize business aircraft offered by Bombardier Aerospace.
The prototype FBT-2 was modified to use as a drone controller as the YCQ-1A.
During the war, it was known by the Allies by the name Ann.
Roughly 12,000 aircraft in total have been produced.
The Caproni Ca.316 was a reconnaissance seaplane produced in Italy during World War II, intended for catapult operations from Italian Navy capital ships.
The platform was developed starting in 1953 under an Office of Naval Research contract to Hiller Aircraft, and flew successfully beginning in 1955.
The Focke-Wulf Fw 57 was a prototype German fighter-bomber.
The Nakajima E4N was a shipboard reconnaissance aircraft of the Imperial Japanese Navy in the 1930s.
The civil version is the S-64 Skycrane.
The aircraft has retractable tricycle landing gear and a pressurized cabin.
As of June 2017, Boeing has received 1,204 orders for the 767 from 74 customers; 1,101 have been delivered.
The company operated 109 of these aircraft in its own air taxi service, the Curtiss Flying Service during the 1930s.
Construction of retractable hydrofoils was not ready, and the concept did not find practical applications.
The LIBIS KB-6 Matajur was a 1950s Yugoslavian two-seat light monoplane designed by Letalski Institut Branko Ivanus Slovenija.
Eastern Air Transport was to be the Kingbird's main operator, flying 14 of them for a few years.
The designation NBS-1, standing for "Night Bomber-Short Range", was adopted by the Air Service after the first five of the Martin bombers were delivered.
It made the first recognised powered and sustained flight in the United Kingdom on 16 October 1908.
The British Aircraft Corporation One-Eleven, also known as the BAC-111 or BAC 1-11, was a British short-range jet airliner used during the 1960s and 1970s.
The Yakovlev Yak-17 was an early Soviet jet fighter.
It was a precursor to the Ka-18, fitted with the M-14 engine.
It was a conventional parasol-wing monoplane with fixed tailskid undercarriage, the main units of which were mounted on outriggers attached to the wing struts.
A single engined biplane intended to meet a requirement to replace the Sopwith Snipe, the Basilisk was unsuccessful, only three being built.
Following the type's acceptance in the RN, the Sea Hawk proved to be a reliable and sturdy workhorse.
The pilot and a single passenger sat side by side in a fully enclosed cockpit, and fixed, tricycle undercarriage was fitted.
The original "standard" 1-23 was introduced in 1948.
The RS-15 is a Richard Schreder-designed metal Racing Class sailplane that was offered as a kit for homebuilding during the 1970s and 1980s.
It was essentially the same in size, but sported a twin tail and twin engines.
The Antonov An-72 is a Soviet/Ukrainian transport aircraft, developed by Antonov.
The Aéronavale ordered 16 PL.15s for use aboard the seaplane tender Commandant Teste, and purchased and deployed the prototype as well.
The Heinkel He 343 was a four-engine jet bomber project by Ernst Heinkel Flugzeugwerke in the last years of the Third Reich.
Designed by Henri Julliot, Lebaudy's chief engineer, the Patrie was completed in November 1906 and handed over to the military the following month.
It was a development of the Ca.310.
The aircraft was given a coat of camouflage paint and orange Dutch national markings were applied.
The Short S.32 was a British four-engined all-metal long-range transport monoplane designed by Short Brothers to Air Ministry Specification 14/38.
It was a conventional, single-bay biplane with staggered wings braced with N-struts.
Only a single prototype was built, but this led to the development of the successful Gourdou-Leseurre Type B.
The T-50 is South Korea's first indigenous supersonic aircraft and one of the world's few supersonic trainers.
The Pacific Aerospace Corporation CT/4 Airtrainer series is an all-metal-construction, single-engine, two-place with side-by-side seating, fully aerobatic, piston-engined, basic training aircraft manufactured in Hamilton, New Zealand.
It has 175 orders as of June 2016.
In 1972, the Sea Vixen was phased out in favour of the mach 2-capable McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II interceptor.
In December 1945, a contract for 200 machines was placed by the French government, the first of which flew on 3 November 1947.
The designer was Asser Järvinen and the prototype was manufactured at the IVL plant at Suomenlinna.
It was first produced by Canadair as an independent company and then produced from 1986 by Canadair as a division of Bombardier Aerospace.
This fighter is sometimes called "PZL.62", but the correct designation is PZL.55.
The Pfalz D.VIII was a German World War I fighter aircraft.
By summer 1917, one quarter of all Italian front-line aviation units were equipped with Savoia-Pomilio types.
In order to achieve this, SNCASE formed partnerships with British companies such as de Havilland and Rolls-Royce Limited.
The Auster J/1U Workmaster is a late 1950s British single-engined single-seat high-wing agriculutural monoplane built by Auster Aircraft Limited at Rearsby, Leicestershire.
Air France director Colin Jeannel flew as a passenger on that flight.
It received the Naval classification CHFT, indicating an armed aircraft equipped with radio gear capable of both sending and receiving.
North American's design was soon rejected, but the Boeing and Lockheed designs were selected for further study.
The design was developed into two four-engined versions: the prototype Singapore II and production Singapore III.
During World War II, it was known to the Allies by the reporting name "Helen".
Most examples flew with Deutsche Luft Hansa, serving until around 1936.
Following Phase I the aircraft concept was cancelled in 2008.
Booked to fly in the flypast at Tushino in 1956, the Il-54 was dropped from the flying programme.
An upgraded version called the CJC-3A appeared in 1956.
Lioré-et-Olivier LeO 45 was a French medium bomber that was used during and after the Second World War.
The Bergamaschi C-1 and C-2 were Italian single-engined light trainers built by Cantieri Aeronautici Bergamaschi for the Bergamo flying school.
It was not selected for squadron service and only the single prototype was built
According to the Changhe Aircraft Industries Corporation website, it is claimed to be the first indigenously-designed helicopter in China.
Fokker gave many aerobatic demonstrations in the M.5 on the eve of World War I.
It has also been marketed as a potential light attack aircraft.
It was a single-bay biplane with staggered, equal-span wings that accommodated the pilot and a single passenger or observer in tandem open cockpits.
Essentially a scaled-up version of the Druine Turbulent design, the Turbi shared that aircraft's wooden construction.
The Georgian Air Force used Su-25s during the Abkhazia War from 1992 to 1993.
It remained in production until 1990, when it was superseded by the ASW27.
The Bölkow Bo 103 was a small experimental helicopter flown in Germany in 1961 to research new rotor systems.
It is a high-wing, braced cabin monoplane of taildragger configuration.
Stall characteristics were found to be good, however, since the canard was found to provide a nose-down pitching moment at the point of a stall.
Although it was a streamlined and advanced design, it never entered production.
The Aermacchi MB-339 is an Italian military trainer and light attack aircraft.
The cabin was fully enclosed and seated four, with the single pilot in an extensively glazed nose.
This was due to the Hedgehog's performance not being sufficiently better than the existing aircraft used for Naval reconnaissance, the Avro Bison and Blackburn Blackburn.
The aircraft remained in service until 1999 when the majority of them were destroyed on ground during the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia.
The Harrier was also extensively redesigned as the AV-8B Harrier II and British Aerospace Harrier II by the team of McDonnell Douglas and British Aerospace.
The Rutan Model 40 Defiant is a four-seat, twin-engine aircraft with the engines in a push-pull configuration.
In 1966, MVZ built a full-scale mockup of the aircraft with a 355 hp Turbomeca "Oredon-III" single-turboshaft engine and tricycle-type landing gear.
It was the world's first cantilever wing four-engine heavy bomber.
The Scottish Aviation Twin Pioneer was a British STOL transport aircraft built by Scottish Aviation Limited at Prestwick Airport, Scotland, during the 1950s.
The Camperiro was a braced high-wing monoplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear.
The Fokker D.IV was a German fighter biplane of World War I, a development of the D.I.
The Armstrong Whitworth Wolf was a British two-seat reconnaissance aircraft ordered by the Royal Air Force in 1923.
The McDonnell FH Phantom was a twin-engined jet fighter aircraft designed and first flown during World War II for the United States Navy.
The Grob 109B is known in RAF service as the Vigilant T1.
Most other PA-18s were purchased by the United States government in 1940 and sold on to the United Kingdom.
Nevertheless, the performance of the HF.20 made it adequate for use on secondary fronts.
The Canuck was designed for the flight training, personal use and light commercial roles.
was a Russian reconnaissance aircraft of World War I.
The sole Š.331 and 22 out of 24 produced Š.231s were sold to representatives of the Spanish Republican government.
The Zeppelin NT have also been used for observation platforms, such as for aerial photographers and by television commentators covering major events.
This differed from its predecessor in having slotted flaps instead of airbrakes, and a completely redesigned tail.
Planned for FAA certification under 14 CFR part 23, the Javelin had a design resembling a fighter aircraft, an unusual concept for civilian jets.
Originally designed by the Spanish aircraft company Iberavia, its first prototype flew on 16 July 1951.
The MSrE M-21 Harag was an aerobatics aircraft built in Hungary in 1936, sometimes known as the Szegedy M-21 after one of its designers, József Szegedy.
The original SoloTrek XFV is on display at the Hiller Aviation Museum in San Carlos, California.
The aircraft was initially to be supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
The Heinkel HD 32 was a trainer developed in Germany in the 1920s, a derivative of the HD 21.
The Wright Model A was an early aircraft produced by the Wright Brothers in the United States beginning in 1906.
AeroVironment, Inc. developed the vehicles under NASA's Environmental Research Aircraft and Sensor Technology program.
It was designed for the Royal Australian Air Force under "Project Wedgetail" and designated E-7A Wedgetail.
These efforts, while not being trouble-free, provided valuable sales of the type.
The aircraft was later marketed by Keuthan Aircraft as the Sabre and developed into the two-place Sabre II.
The aircraft was mainly used as a reconnaissance aircraft, but also as a bomber and as a mine-laying aircraft.
It was used by the U.S. Navy, Marines, and Coast Guard.
Large ailerons were carried in the interplane gap.
The Lavochkin La-190,, was a swept wing jet fighter designed and manufactured by the Lavochkin Design Bureau from 1950.
It was a conventional single-bay biplane with staggered wings of equal span, and a fuselage that nearly filled the interplane gap.
With customers favoring larger regional jets, Raytheon ended production in October 2002.
The Armstrong Whitworth A.W.23 was a prototype bomber/transport aircraft produced to specification C.26/31 for the British Air Ministry by Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft.
This particular design, one of several developed by the Kaiserliche Werften, was a conventional, two-bay biplane with wings of unequal span.
A second UAV can be launched within a further eight minutes and up to two UAVs can be controlled from the same ground station.
The design was flight tested in 1942.
The Rolladen-Schneider LS1 is a Standard Class single seater glider that was manufactured by Rolladen-Schneider from 1968 to 1977.
The pilot and instructor sat in tandem, open cockpits, and the fuselage was braced to the lower wing with short struts.
Finance proved an ongoing problem for the project, despite a partnership with Chinese firm Baosteel announced in 1994, as the first prototype was nearing completion.
The original C-127 designation was given to a number of De Havilland Canada DHC-2 Beaver aircraft which were then redesignated L-20 before the aircraft entered service.
The South African pilot Marmaduke "Pat" Pattle was the top Gladiator ace with 15 victories.
Conducted in 58 legs, they completed their 10,986 km flight on 18 December.
This was flown and tested in Taiwan in 1952.
One source describes it as a rotary-wing design.
One of the two built was a converted 115, the other new.
It was unsuccessful, with the Bristol Bulldog being selected instead.
It is widely regarded as a reverse engineered variant of the American Northrop F-5 Freedom Fighter/Tiger II.
The FMA 20 El Boyero was a light utility aircraft produced in Argentina in the 1940s.
It entered service in 1929, but was retired in 1935 with the advent of fighters with higher performance.
The Nieuport 11, nicknamed the Bébé, was a French World War I single seat sesquiplane fighter aircraft, designed by Gustave Delage.
It first flew in early 1947, proving superior to the competing Praga 112, and was declared the winner, entering production in 1948.
The eight-cylinder Mercedes D.IV, which had proven highly susceptible to crankshaft failure, was replaced by the new six-cylinder 190 kW Mercedes D.IVa engine.
The Foxjet ST600 was a small business jet under development in the United States in the late 1970s.
The Hansa Brandenburg W.27 and W.32 were prototype fighter floatplanes developed in parallel in Germany during World War I.
The DFW R.II was a German bomber aircraft of World War I.
The origin of the aircraft is disputed.
Japanese Navy pilots called it Hamaki due to its cylindrical shape.
Six IK-3s were serviceable when the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia began on 6 April 1941.
The fifth-generation combat aircraft is designed to perform ground attack and air defense missions.
The undercarriage consisted of a standard twin-pontoon arrangement, and the fin and rudder continued through to the ventral side of the fuselage, creating a cruciform tail.
The J2F Duck was an improved version of the JF, with its main difference being a longer float.
Its construction was halted in 1994 because of lack of funding and interest, but revived briefly in 2009, bringing it to 60%-70% completion.
It is notable as the main training aircraft of the Polish Air Force, and as the oldest jet aircraft still in service in Poland.
A total of 192 DG-200 were built.
43-52436, is a prototype heavy cargo aircraft built by Convair for the United States Air Force.
The stretched 757-300, the longest narrow-body twinjet ever produced, began service in 1999.
This was considered successful, and in the early 1970s most were converted to freighters, those from BEA becoming the Merchantman.
It also served with the United States Coast Guard and the French Navy.
In September 1931, it was used to set six world seaplane records, including three speed-with-load-over-distance records and a closed circuit distance-with-load record of 2,208 km.
The Corsair served almost exclusively as a fighter-bomber throughout the Korean War and during the French colonial wars in Indochina and Algeria.
The twin piston-engined fixed-wing aircraft was designed and built by the Glenn L. Martin Company.
In 1913, the Astra CM Hydro-avion three-seat floatplane version was used to make the world's first scheduled passenger-carrying flights.
The AB-5 used a locally produced Nakajima Kotobuki in place of the Siemens engine fitted to the German-built aircraft.
The Condor's frame is made of mainly Carbon-fiber-reinforced polymer composite, as it gives off very low radar and heat signatures.
The helicopter is intended for both amateur and professional pilots.
It was a two-bay, equal-span biplane of conventional configuration with interchangeable wheeled and float undercarriage.
After winning a competition for a government-funded contract to build an American SST, Boeing began development at its facilities in Seattle, Washington.
The Shiden Kai possessed heavy armament as well as surprisingly good manoeuvrability, due to a mercury switch that automatically extended the flaps during turns.
It was originally flown as a landplane: with the addition of floats it became one of the first seaplanes used by the French Navy.
Focke-Wulf soon withdrew from participation, so three projects were presented: the future Hs 127, the Junkers Ju 88 and the Messerschmitt Bf 162.
The Junkers Ju 252 was a cargo aircraft that made its first flight in late October 1941.
The Citation III led to the later development of the Citation VI and Citation VII.
The XN5N was a prototype United States monoplane trainer aircraft produced by the Naval Aircraft Factory in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1941.
The Koolhoven F.K.48 was an airliner built in the Netherlands in 1934 for KLM.
The Poullin JP.30 was a French single-seat agricultural aircraft designed and built by Jean Poullin, of which one example was constructed in 1952.
It was known as the Latécoère 19.
The McDonnell F2H Banshee was a single-seat carrier-based jet fighter aircraft deployed by the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps from 1948 to 1961.
The HH-53 "Super Jolly Green Giant" was initially developed to replace the HH-3 "Jolly Green Giant".
Nevertheless, the T.V was used with some success against the German onslaught.
The Bristol Berkeley was built to a British government specification for a single-engine day or night bomber.
The La-7 was felt by its pilots to be at least the equal of any German piston-engined fighter.
It was joined by a second prototype in 1998.
Although Bede intended to start full production of the Bede Wing, the project came to nothing.
A total of 60 KC-10s were produced for the USAF.
The Sud-Ouest S.O.1221 Djinn is a French two-seat light helicopter designed and manufactured by aircraft manufacturer Sud-Ouest, which later became Sud Aviation.
The design also featured a retractable undercarriage as well as an emergency skid.
However, since the observer was to be watching the aircraft's wings, this cockpit was sunken fully into the fuselage, affording no fore-and-aft view at all.
The Grumman F4F Wildcat is an American carrier-based fighter aircraft that began service with both the United States Navy and the British Royal Navy in 1940.
The F-15 was originally envisioned as a pure air superiority aircraft.
The upper set was one continuous-span, but the lower sets were split and attached either side of the frame.
The FAA opted to promptly withdraw all of its Merlin-powered Seafires with Griffon-powered counterparts.
It was produced in large numbers during World War II as the L-4 Grasshopper.
The CNNA HL-8 was a civil transport/utility aircraft developed in Brazil in 1943.
The aircraft is an all-wood single seat microlight based on Mignet principles with fixed tricycle undercarriage and one 12 hp Solo engine.
Deutsche Luft Hansa used it throughout the 1930s on a variety of routes.
The MB.320 was a low-wing cabin monoplane powered by two wing-mounted Continental E185 engines.
Unusual for airliners of the late 1920s,, the Air Yachts were constructed almost entirely of wood with steel fittings, undercarriage and struts.
In 1980 interest by the airforce in an improved version led to the development of the Uirapuru II.
Its armament comprised three 7.92 mm machine guns, two in fixed forward-firing positions and the third ring-mounted in the aft cockpit.
The Fieseler Fi 98 was a prototype ground-attack aircraft produced by German aircraft manufacturer Fieseler as a rival to the Henschel Hs 123.
It was one of the Soviet Air Force's most capable types of warplane, able to fight German designs on an equal footing.
Two YF-23 prototypes were built with the nicknames "Black Widow II" and "Gray Ghost".
Later it became Kuro-Sha which means “black vehicle”.
The Van's RV-4 is an American light homebuilt aircraft supplied in kit form by Van's Aircraft of Aurora, Oregon.
Besides its primary role as a trainer, the aircraft was envisioned to have other roles as well, including ground attack.
The Breguet 730 was a French flying boat of the 1930s.
Prototypes of the He 63 were built in both landplane and seaplane form, but no production ensued.
The Latécoère 500 was a flying boat built in France in 1931 for use on the transatlantic mail route to South America.
With 232.57 mph, pilot Jimmy Doolittle won the trophy with a Curtiss R3C-2.
When India showed interests in the Su-30, Irkut offered the multirole Su-30MKI, which originated as the Su-27UB modified with avionics appropriate for fighters.
Only two of these aircraft exist, each incorporating numerous features for the role of collecting weather information.
It belongs to the same generation as the Rolladen-Schneider LS3, Alexander Schleicher ASW 20, Schempp-Hirth Mini-Nimbus, Eiri-Avion PIK-20 and Glasflügel Mosquito.
The Heinkel He 45 was a light bomber produced in Germany in the early 1930s, one of the first aircraft adopted by the newly formed Luftwaffe.
The D.X was an enlarged development of the D.VIII, which saw limited success.
Its high performance allows it to cruise at 173 km/h while burning 7 litres/hour.
The Hawker Cygnet was a British ultralight biplane aircraft of the 1920s.
It was a small conventional single-bay biplane with a neatly streamlined fuselage and staggered, equal-span wings.
At its most basic, the Mini-Copter was simply made up of fuel tanks and a rotor unit strapped to the pilot.
However, the next year, 12 of them were presented to Germany's ally - the Royal Bulgarian Air Force.
Since the type's introduction to service, Tigers have been used in combat in Afghanistan, Libya, and Mali.
The HAL HF-24 Marut was an Indian fighter-bomber aircraft of the 1960s.
The planned production of Tornados was cancelled after the engine it was designed to use—the Rolls-Royce Vulture—proved unreliable in service.
It was originally developed during the 1950s by French aircraft manufacturer Morane-Saulnier as the MS.880.
The Estonian Air Force received two PTO-4s, one with an open cockpit and the other an enclosed cockpit.
The ACAZ T.1 and T.2, very similar to each other, were the first Belgian all-metal aircraft, flown in 1924.
The Dyke JD-2 Delta is an American Homebuilt aircraft designed in the United States in the 1960s and marketed for amateur construction.
The Pyry was in use from 1939 to 1962.
They can also be equipped with floats, amphibious floats and skis.
Designed in parallel with the SE.3110, the Alouette shared that machine's dynamic components, with the exception of its unusual twin tail rotor.
The Junkers EF 009 Hubjäger was an unrealized design for an unorthodox jet fighter dating from the late 1930s.
JAXA expects to launch the plane by 2015.
The Douglas A-1 Skyraider is an American single-seat attack aircraft that saw service between the late 1940s and early 1980s.
The Agusta A.105 was an Italian rotorcraft designed by Agusta.
The Blackburn Mercury was an early British aircraft designed as a pilot trainer for the Blackburn Flying School, Filey, in 1911.
The Piel CP.90 Pinocchio II was a single-seat, single-engine aerobatic sport aircraft developed in France and marketed for homebuilding.
The Vickers Valetta was a British twin-engine military transport aircraft of the late 1940s.
The Skycycle X-2 was designed by Truax, and ridden by Knievel in his attempt to jump the Snake River near Twin Falls on September 8, 1974.
After Igor Sikorsky built the successful Sikorsky S-6 for the Russian military, he tried to build another successful aircraft for them.
The original Type L used wing warping for lateral control, but a later version designated Type LA was fitted with ailerons.
Construction of the aircraft is sheet aluminum throughout, with the sole compound curves formed a fiberglass cowling and fairings.
However, the resumption of production in 1943 allowed the aircraft to resume combat operations in April 1945.
The prototype was developed with a 200 hp engine.
Dick Johnson reported that the ASW20 was the first 15 m glider to demonstrate a measured a L/D in excess of 40/1.
It was flown by a number of the famous aces, such as France's Georges Guynemer, Italy's Francesco Baracca and Australia's Alexander Pentland.
It entered commercial service on October 26, 2011 with launch customer All Nippon Airways.
The two YF-23 prototypes were museum exhibits as of 2010.
The A320 family has proved popular with airlines including low-cost carriers such as EasyJet, which purchased A319s and A320s to replace its 737 fleet.
First flown in 1973, it won the German Championships that year and went on to win the World championships in Australia in 1974.
It has the distinction of being the first helicopter to be used by the Army Air Corps.
The Bristol Type 148 was a prototype two-seat, single-engine low-wing monoplane built in 1937 to an Air Ministry contact for an army cooperation aircraft.
After only six months' service, the aircraft was destroyed in a crash following the failure of its engine.
The ASH 25 is a two-seater high performance Open Class glider manufactured by Alexander Schleicher until September 2008, originally with a 25-metre wingspan.
The de Havilland DH 108 "Swallow" was a British experimental aircraft designed by John Carver Meadows Frost in October 1945.
Design work was carried out in 1972, but the prototype was not built until 1974, when it was completed in only 67 days.
In November 2012, a Falcon 20 had the distinction of becoming the first civil jet to fly on 100 per cent biofuel.
It served as an army co-operation aircraft for the Royal Air Force in the 1920s and 1930s.
The Brantly B-2 is an American two-seat light helicopter produced by the Brantly Helicopter Corporation.
The type saw service with several of France's allies, and gave rise to the series of "vee-strut" Nieuport fighters that remained in service into the 1920s.
Plans for production in series were never realised, and the single prototype was the only example ever built.
The BAe 146/Avro RJ is in wide use with several European-based airlines, such as Brussels Airlines, CityJet and Swiss Global Air Lines.
The basic MB-2 design was also the standard against which prospective U.S. Army bombers were judged until the production of the Martin B-10 in 1933.
The IMAM Ro.51 was an Italian fighter aircraft that first flew in 1937.
In civilian service, British South American Airways and British Overseas Airways Corporation were the largest users of the type.
The Rolladen-Schneider LS8 is a Standard and 18 metre class single-seat glider developed by Rolladen-Schneider and in series production since 1995.
Designed in secret by Zdeněk Rublič at the Beneš-Mráz factory during the German occupation, the type was put into production in 1946.
It had a relatively brief operational life, being replaced in the mid-1950s by the Northrop F-89 Scorpion and North American F-86D Sabre.
Back to Sint-Job-in't-Goor, the Jéro N° 9 was the preferred aircraft of student pilots, with Henri Molla as instructor.
It was designed by Reimar and Walter Horten in Göttingen.
The other Model Y was built as an engine testbed for Lycoming.
With floats attached, it became the first practical amphibious helicopter.
It was a twin-engine two-bay biplane with equal-span, unstaggered wings that were designed to be interchangeable between top and bottom.
The Mitsubishi Ki-33 was an experimental monoplane fighter aircraft designed for the Japanese Imperial Army.
The Seabird Seeker is a light observation aircraft built by Seabird Aviation Australia and Seabird Aviation Jordan.
The Lockheed XF-90 was built in response to a United States Air Force requirement for a long-range penetration fighter and bomber escort.
Many examples are preserved in museums and parks in Canada and the United States.
The Avro 504 was a First World War biplane aircraft made by the Avro aircraft company and under licence by others.
The Fairey Firefly was a British Second World War-era carrier-borne fighter aircraft and anti-submarine aircraft of the Fleet Air Arm.
Due to its range, it proved useful in bombing operations in the Pacific, including the bombing of Japan.
The Petlyakov Pe-3 was the long-range, night fighter version of the successful Petlyakov Pe-2 high-speed bomber used by the Soviet Union during World War II.
The Fairchild 91,, was a single-engine eight-passenger flying boat airliner developed in the United States in the mid-1930s.
The Messerschmitt Me 309 was a prototype German fighter, designed in the early years of World War II to replace the Bf 109.
The Martin Marietta X-24 was an American experimental aircraft developed from a joint United States Air Force-NASA program named PILOT.
The CAP-5 Carioca was a civil trainer aircraft developed in Brazil during World War II.
In addition, the tailplane could be mounted either on top of the fin or below the fuselage.
The Bell 201 was powered by one Continental CAE XT51-T-3 turboshaft engine producing 425 shp, a license-built development of the Turbomeca Artouste.
The Grumman FF "Fifi" was an American biplane fighter aircraft operated by the United States Navy during the 1930s.
That replica can be now be seen in Museo del Aire, Cuatro Vientos, Madrid, Spain.
Rather, it used the wings and tail unit designed for the Aerocar and mated them to a new fibreglass cabin.
The monoplane was more practical and less expensive than the biplane, and the United States Army Air Corps chose to experiment with monoplanes for this reason.
A PIK-20F had a modified wing profile, reshaped fuselage and a forward opening canopy.
In the Colombia-Peru War one Peruvian K-55 flow by Lieutenant Suero was captured by the Colombian Army.
The Russian Air Force operates several Su-30s and has ordered the Su-30SM version.
The Miles M.18 was a single-engine twin-seat low-winged light British civil utility aircraft of the 1930s.
The Tecnam P92 Echo and Tecnam P92 Eaglet are Italian high-winged, light aircraft, designed by Luigi Pascale and built by Tecnam of Naples.
The Parnall 382 was a 1930s British single-engined monoplane trainer aircraft with two open cockpits, designed and developed by Parnall Aircraft Ltd.
The Fieseler F2 Tiger was a German single-seat aerobatic biplane which was flown to victory in the 1934 World Aerobatics Competition by its designer/builder Gerhard Fieseler.
The Tachikawa Ki-54 was a Japanese twin-engine advanced trainer used during World War II.
The Gourdou-Leseurre GL.50, also known as the Gourdou-Leseurre Type F, was a French fighter prototype of the early 1920s.
The Type 310 was the last design from FBA and was their only monoplane flying boat.
The Seneca is primarily used for personal and business flying.
It was a conventional low-wing cantilever monoplane with fixed tailwheel undercarriage and an open cockpit for the pilot.
The Curtiss Robin, introduced in 1928, was a high-wing monoplane with a 90 hp OX-5 eight-cylinder engine built by the Curtiss-Robertson Airplane Manufacturing Company.
Most were later sold to the Argentine Air Force as Daggers, and later upgraded as Fingers.
It is a variant of the French-built Eurocopter AS365 Dauphin.
Adapted as a fighter-bomber, the F-100 was supplanted by the Mach two-class F-105 Thunderchief for strike missions over North Vietnam.
A large-scale operational testing program throughout 1941 and early 1942 did not cure the aircraft's problems.
A total of 86 aircraft were used by the Polish Air Force until their withdrawal in 1935.
It was designed by Klaus Holighaus and replaced the Schempp-Hirth Mini-Nimbus.
Both the ATR 42 and ATR 72 have been produced side-by-side for decades.
A third aircraft was built to evaluate the bicycle landing gear arrangement for use in other aircraft.
The highest scoring fighter ace of all time, Erich Hartmann, flew the Bf 109 and was credited with 352 aerial victories.
It is one of the highest-flying military aircraft, and the second fastest after the SR-71 reconnaissance aircraft.
The Bensen B-7 was a small rotor kite developed by Igor Bensen in the United States in the 1950s and marketed for home building.
The design was a contemporary of the British Bristol Blenheim and the German Messerschmitt Bf 110.
The airplane typically seats nine passengers with a single pilot, although with a FAR Part 23 waiver it can seat up to fourteen passengers.
It proved a technically advanced aircraft, well balanced and extremely aerodynamic, but not without its faults.
Most sources agree that work on it was never completed, Ader abandoning it in favour of the Avion III that had a financial backer.
The M-Class airships were retired from service by 1956.
That designation was later changed to X-8.
To accommodate the new powerplant, the forward fuselage was considerably redesigned, and the structure in general and undercarriage in particular were strengthened.
During its debut in 1934, it set a world distance record.
An exception to this was the Royal Australian Air Force, which referred to all variants of the DB-7 by the name Boston.
The powerplant was mounted on a set of cabane struts above the wing, and consisted of a single engine driving a pusher propeller.
The Bristol Seely was entered into an Air Ministry competition for safe civil aeroplanes held in 1920.
The Martin BM was a 1930s American torpedo bomber built by the Glenn L. Martin Company for the United States Navy.
Of a total of about 1,200 examples built, 831 were in fact produced by Italian companies under licence.
Called the "turbo-propulseur" by Coandă, its experimental engine consisted of a conventional piston engine driving a multi-bladed centrifugal blower which exhausted into a duct.
Il-14 was also manufactured in East Germany by VVB Flugzeugbau, in Czechoslovakia as the Avia 14, and in China under the Chinese designation Y-6.
It was fast and innovative, but ultimately rejected by the United States Army in favor of the Bell UH-1 Iroquois.
NOTE: Model B, Model C-1, and Model J-1
The larger MQ-8C Fire Scout variant is based on the Bell 407.
The Saunders Severn was a three-engined biplane flying boat intended for maritime patrol duties.
A two-seater version powered by a de Havilland Gipsy Major of 120 kW was offered to the AMI as a trainer.
The Slick Aircraft Slick 360 is a South African aerobatics aircraft produced by the Slick Aircraft Company of Pretoria, South Africa.
An enclosed cabin was provided for four passengers, while the pilot sat in an open cockpit above the wing.
The D.I was the first locally designed fighter aircraft of the Austro-Hungarian Air Service.
The single example built was flown by Aero St. Gallen between 1929 and 1931, and then scrapped.
The Breguet Bre.5 B.2 bomber and Breguet Bre.5 Ca.2 escort fighter were French biplanes of World War I which were developments of the Breguet Bre.4 bomber.
The Nieuport 12 was a French sesquiplane reconnaissance, fighter aircraft and trainer used by France, Russia, Great Britain and the United States during World War I.
On 7 September 1953, the modified first prototype broke the world air speed record for jet-powered aircraft, achieving a speed of 727.63 mph.
Launch is via a wheeled dolly or pneumatic catapult, and recovery via parasail or on skid landing gear.
The Typhoon was originally designed to mount twelve .303 inch Browning machine guns and be powered by the latest 2000 hp engines.
The biplane was made up of a welded steel tube fuselage with fabric covering and plywood wooden wing construction.
It is also provided with a cargo loading door in the fuselage side to facilitate loading bulky items.
The Sea King also performed various other roles and missions such as search-and-rescue, transport, anti-shipping, medevac, plane guard, and airborne early warning operations.
In 1924, an R-3 won the Pulitzer Trophy in Dayton, OH.
The Bartini Stal-6, was a single-engined experimental aircraft designed, built and tested in the USSR from 1930.
The Islander has been in production for more than 50 years.
The Douglas D-558-2 Skyrocket was a rocket and jet-powered supersonic research aircraft built by the Douglas Aircraft Company for the United States Navy.
The Ki-70 was first flown in 1943 but was found unfavorable and the program was terminated.
It served as the basis for the more advanced Dassault-Breguet Super Étendard.
A total of 129 were produced for the Air Corps of the Regio Esercito.
A total of 287 C-87s were built alongside the B-24 at the Consolidated Aircraft plant in Fort Worth, Texas.
The type was placed into service with the Royal Air Force and was initially used in the envisioned maritime reconnaissance operation alongside the larger flying boats.
After the war, the Nieuport 21 was a popular civil aircraft.
It flew for the first time in 1935, and entered service with the Peruvian Air Force in 1937, and with the Regia Aeronautica in January 1938.
By the time it entered service it was considered obsolete.
The Howard 500 was an American executive transport aircraft produced by Howard Aero Inc during the early 1960s.
First piloted by Baldwin himself on 18 May and the aircraft flew very well.
The Gulfstream American Hustler was a 1970s American mixed-power executive/utility aircraft designed by American Jet Industries.
The Praga BH-41, later redesignated E-41, was a military advanced trainer aircraft produced in Czechoslovakia during the 1930s.
Ten more aircraft were ordered and configured for paratroop or cargo transport, designated CASA 207C(T.7B).
A third prototype, then under construction, was abandoned at this juncture.
The Fokker C.VII-W was a reconnaissance seaplane built in the Netherlands in the late 1920s.
The second SpaceShipTwo spacecraft, VSS Unity, was unveiled on 19 February 2016.
It remains one of the world's most popular homebuilts with thousands of plans sold and hundreds of examples completed to date.
A second X-37 was launched on 5 March 2011, with the mission designation USA-226; it returned to Earth on 16 June 2012.
The Miles M.77 Sparrowjet was a twin-engined jet-powered racing aircraft built by F.G.
The Sikorsky S-16, or RBVZ S-XVI, was a Russian equi-span single-bay two-seat biplane designed by Igor Sikorsky in 1914-15.
It is produced by Indústria Aeronáutica Neiva, a subsidiary of Embraer located in Botucatu, Brazil.
The Aero A.20 was a biplane fighter aircraft built in Czechoslovakia in 1923.
Like the Me 265, the Me 329 used an advanced flying wing design.
Shortly thereafter, the Vimy became the core of the RAF's heavy bomber force throughout the 1920s.
It achieved success as a torpedo bomber in the Mediterranean theater, and became the best-known Italian aeroplane of the war.
The innovative design included wing flaps, variable-pitch propellers, and a tail-carrying full-length hull.
Four examples were built before the effects of the Great Depression forced Pitcairn to abandon autogyro production in 1934.
Later, the design was adapted for use from aircraft carriers.
Identical in most other respects to the D.V, in the summer of 1917 it was flown side by side with the existing biplane in comparison trials.
The HA-300 was an ambitious and costly project for Egypt, at the time seeking to expand both its civilian and defense aviation industry.
At least one L 84 was delivered to China.
This was the 4,000 lbf thrust helium-pressurized AJ 10-25.
A smaller engine was used and armament removed.
Imperial Airways, and its successor, the British Overseas Airways Corporation, along with Qantas and TEAL, operated the type in commercial service.
The Armstrong Whitworth A.W.14 Starling was a British single-engine biplane fighter developed for the Royal Air Force in the 1920s.
The Airspeed A.S.39 Fleet Shadower was a British long-range patrol aircraft design that did not go beyond the prototype stage.
Sources vary, but only 10-16 were built before Verville declared bankruptcy in 1931 at the beginning of the great depression.
The Briegleb BG-6 was a 1930s single-seat glider designed by William G. Briegleb to be both factory and homebuilt.
The CASA C-207 Azor was a transport aircraft produced by Construcciones Aeronáuticas SA.
It follows upon the BOR-4 reentry test vehicle.
On 11 May 1936, the Type 138A performed its maiden flight, piloted by Cyril Uwins.
In its later life, it was often referred to as the Hun, a shortened version of "one hundred".
The 777 first entered commercial service with United Airlines on June 7, 1995.
It has also transported a payload of 247,000 kg on a commercial flight.
The I.Ae.24 Calquin was a tactical bomber designed and built by the Instituto Aerotécnico in Argentina in the immediate post-World War II era.
While the Wildcat had better range and maneuverability at low speed, the Hellcat could rely on superior power and high speed performance to outperform the Zero.
The aircraft was powered by a single Tumansky RU-19 turbojet, mounted above the wing.
The pilot and observer were seated in the rear of the fuselage, just before the tail section.
The MD 500 was developed from the Hughes 500, a civilian version of the US Army's OH-6A Cayuse/Loach.
The AmEagle American Eaglet was a highly unorthodox ultralight sailplane marketed in the U.S. for homebuilding.
As a result, the Comet was extensively redesigned with oval windows, structural reinforcement, and other changes.
Performance was also improved when Lyulka AL-5F engines were fitted.
The Bristol Fairchild Bolingbroke was a maritime patrol aircraft used by the Royal Canadian Air Force during the Second World War.
It was also the first airliner to make a blind landing in revenue service in 1965.
The X-38 was an experimental re-entry vehicle designed by NASA to research a possible emergency crew return vehicle for the International Space Station.
The first example of the A.10 flew for the first time on 3 January 1922.
Operationally, the type was used for various purposes, including liaison, aerial observation, training, and casualty evacuation.
Two single-seat examples, powered by a single 150 hp Sunbeam water-cooled engine, were ordered by the RNAS in early 1916.
As of May 2017, confirmed orders for the 747-8 total 134: 86 of the freighter version, and 48 of the passenger version.
The Culver Dart was a 1930s American two-seat light monoplane aircraft produced by the Dart Aircraft Company.
The trainer version, known as the Yak-17UTI, was the only Soviet jet trainer of the 1940s.
It was the true ancestor of later Zeppelin airship designs.
The IAI I-View is a small reconnaissance unmanned aerial vehicle developed in Israel in the early 21st century.
Still a two-seater, it added a complete second set of controls, meaning that either crew member could operate the aircraft.
The 747 was expected to become obsolete after 400 were sold, but it exceeded critics' expectations with production passing the 1,000 mark in 1993.
Eighteen S.57s were accepted by Regia Aeronautica in 1925 and used as trainers.
Two prototypes were built, but the T.T.A.
Although it was the RAF's primary interceptor for more than two decades it was never required to attack another aircraft.
The Loire 70 was a 1930s French long-range maritime reconnaissance flying boat produced by Loire Aviation.
What made the Jupiter attractive to the private plane market was its price of $2500.
The SZD-59 can be flown with a 13.2m span or a 15.0m span.
The Potez 36 was a French two-seat touring or sport monoplane designed and built by Potez.
It was the prototype Hawker Sea Hawk modified to install the rocket in the tail.
The pilot and an observer sat in tandem, open cockpits in a streamlined nacelle, with the engine mounted pusher-fashion behind them.
Powered by a single 750 hp Isotta-Fraschini Delta, the SAI.207 enjoyed limited success during evaluation of the 12 pre-production aircraft.
The Mitsubishi Ki-15 is a Japanese reconnaissance aircraft and a light attack bomber of the Second Sino-Japanese War and Pacific War.
A smaller short-range variant, the 720, was introduced in 1960.
As of August 2013, more than 200 HAL Dhruv have been produced for different customers.
Later models of the plane included the Aviatik C.II and the C.III, which had more powerful engines.
Following a protracted development, the SW-4 entered service in 2002, the primary operator of the type has been the Polish Armed Forces.
A single engined parasol monoplane, the Widgeon was built in small numbers before Westland abandoned production in 1929.
The Tupolev Tu-144 is a retired jet airliner and commercial supersonic transport aircraft.
An interim system, Hermes 450, was deployed operationally in 2007.
An enlarged version of the HV-3/27, it was a conventional, high-wing cantilever monoplane with a fully enclosed cabin.
A twin-engined version was developed as the XB-1 Super Cyclops.
The MQ-9 is the first hunter-killer UAV designed for long-endurance, high-altitude surveillance.
Although reduced in numbers through attrition, the "Convairliners" in various forms continue to fly into the 21st century.
The A320s are also named A320ceo after the introduction of the A320neo.
The PA-44 is a development of the Piper Cherokee single-engined aircraft and is primarily used for multi-engined flight training.
The de Havilland DH 106 Comet was the world's first commercial jetliner.
The Short Solent was a passenger flying boat produced by Short Brothers in the late 1940s.
Pilot and passenger sit side-by-side, in a cockpit that may be enclosed or left open.
The interior was luxuriously furnished, with deeply upholstered seats, and an oversize cabin door was fitted to ease boarding and disembarking for the three passengers.
The initial work on the design was carried out by Meteor CAE before this company was absorbed by Galileo Avionica, than Selex ES.
The success of the aircraft led Jon Sharp to design a follow-on type, the Nemesis NXT.
The Harlow PC-5 was a 1930s American military trainer version of the PJC-2 designed and built by the Harlow Aircraft Company.
The Heinkel He 116 was an extremely long-range mail plane designed to deliver airmail between Germany and Japan.
It was a conventional single-bay biplane with staggered wings of unequal span and a fuselage of fabric-covered metal tube.
Two prototypes were built but the type did not enter production.
The Aquila A 210 is a two seat reinforced plastic light aircraft produced in Germany from 2002.
The BAT F.K.28 Crow was a British single-seat ultralight aircraft produced by British Aerial Transport Company Limited of London.
Uruguay purchased a small number of aircraft after the war and some examples are known to have been used by Russia and Japan.
Thirty-five were built and supplied from 1920.
Before these could be delivered, however, war broke out, and the aircraft were impressed into the French Army.
The caption on the cover read, "Build a VW-Powered Plane for $750."
It required a pilot and an observer.
Only one SGS 1-29 was produced and the project was not pursued further.
It was a single-bay biplane with unstaggered, equal-span wings that had a symmetrical airfoil intended to ensure performance during inverted flight.
It was the last attempt to extract performance from the basic Polikarpov I-16 design.
After the end of the war, at least one Dornier Do 217 continued in military operational service with the Swiss Air Force until 1946.
The company created new drawings to finally bring the design to market.
A drawing of the aircraft in flight accompanied the Sunday Herald article.
By 2011 kits were for sale for US$13,000 and two aircraft had been flown.
Developed by Giovanni Battista Caproni in 1914, the only prototype made is today on display at the Museum of Flight in the United States.
The Beechcraft Travel Air was a twin-engine development of the Beechcraft Bonanza.
Throughout the aircraft's service life, numerous upgrades were performed to enhance its capabilities.
The AgustaWestland AW119 is a derivative of the AW109, the main difference being that it is powered only by a single engine instead.
The new aircraft was to combine its main role as a primary trainer with secondary roles as a reconnaissance and light attack aircraft.
However, some builders choose fixed tailwheel or even fixed tricycle undercarriage for KR-1s and KR-2s.
It was a single-bay biplane of conventional design with an enclosed cabin for two passengers and an open cockpit for the pilot.
Correct figures are hard to obtain since low-rate production by small repair shops and air clubs likely continued until 1959.
The Embraer Legacy 600 is a business jet derivative of the Embraer ERJ 145 family of commercial jet aircraft.
It was a single-engine biplane of conventional configuration that seated the pilot and instructor in tandem, open cockpits.
Development began in 2003 as a totally in-house and private-venture project, being developed with internal company funds.
The Bollekens brothers painted the text 'Jéro-Anvers' on all the rudders at this time.
The BFW M.35, sometimes known as the Messerschmitt M 35, was a German sports plane of the early 1930s.
A further development of the design, designated as the L-159 ALCA, entered production in 1997.
The Gerard P. Kuiper Airborne Observatory was a national facility operated by NASA to support research in infrared astronomy.
The LWS-3 Mewa was the Polish observation and close reconnaissance aircraft, designed in the late-1930s by the LWS factory.
Grow from Lima to San Ramón on 26 October 1927.
The company has provided no press releases to explain the long delay in gaining certification.
The Saunders Kittiwake was a British amphibian flying-boat built by S.E.
The Commonwealth Skyranger, earlier produced as the Rearwin Skyranger, was the last design of Rearwin Aircraft.
However, PZL Bielsko went bankrupt before it could be put into serial production.
A parasol monoplane, the Type 92 was the first military aircraft powered by an engine both designed and manufactured in Japan to enter service.
Built to MIL-Spec and fully aerobatic, it is used for training, towing and other ground support roles.
However, the rear fuselages and empennages of No 461 and 462 differed significantly from the machines built at Kiel.
The Shuttle Carrier Aircraft were two extensively modified Boeing 747 airliners that NASA used to transport Space Shuttle orbiters.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, at the time of its development, the market for single-engined turboprops was still a decade away.
A number of aircraft survive on static display in museums, and there are several privately built flying reproductions that use modern General Electric J85 engines.
The Bonzo was based on the Sokol airframe, but with a redesigned wing and substantial changes to the fuselage.
The 777 is produced in two fuselage lengths as of 2017.
The test pilots called the aircraft the Gorbach.
Attempts to market the aircraft continued until the late 1980s, but proved fruitless.
A total of one example had been completed and flown by the end of 2011.
In the UK, any or all of the type are known simply as Concorde, with no definite article the.
In cargo configuration the 212 has an internal capacity of 220 ft³.
The aircraft was designed to investigate the aerodynamics of swept wings and related high-lift devices.
The type was successful in export and saw service with several armed forces.
The Lohner L was a reconnaissance flying boat produced in Austria-Hungary during World War I.
It was originally conceived as a heavy fighter variant of the Bristol Beaufort bomber.
It was designed and built by the Wright brothers.
However, the disadvantage of the KWD was the narrow channel of the river as well as some restrictions imposed by the Danzig municipality.
The inline-8 engine, designed by Harry Miller of Indy 500 racing fame, was to sit behind the pilot in a configuration similar to the P-39 Airacobra.
The Kayaba Ku-4 was a research aircraft built in Japan in 1940 to investigate the possibilities of tailless designs.
Four were built for the Irish Air Corps.
The I-struts that had been used to brace the C.II's wing were replaced by more conventional struts.
By the end of the year, Duigan had made a flight of 1 km at an altitude of 30 metres.
The prototype aircraft currently resides at the Polish Aviation Museum.
The Aeronca L was a 1930s American cabin monoplane designed and built, in small numbers, by Aeronca Aircraft.
The de Havilland Canada DHC-5 Buffalo is a short takeoff and landing utility transport, a turboprop aircraft developed from the earlier piston-powered DHC-4 Caribou.
The XF-85 was a diminutive jet aircraft featuring a distinctive egg-shaped fuselage and a forked-tail stabilizer design.
The X-38 program was cancelled in 2002 due to budget cuts.
It was built by Boulton & Paul Ltd.
Designed as a 7/8 size replica of the first world war Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5.
It is marketed in kit form for homebuilding by Aircraft Designs Inc.
It was designed to meet a requirement issued by the Reichsverkehrsministerium for a German-built equivalent to the Lockheed Vega with which to equip Deutsche Luft Hansa.
The 1-36 was also the last glider model that the company would manufacture.
The Siemens-Schuckert E.I was a German fighter aircraft, manufactured by Siemens-Schuckert.
Development aircraft used a fixed undercarriage, but Aceair was planning to offer a version with retractable landing gear.
The Yakovlev Yak-30, originally designated Yakovlev 104, was Yakovlev's entry in a competition for the first military jet trainer aircraft designed for Warsaw Pact nations.
The Navyplane was designed by the Admiralty's Harold Bolas with the assistance of R.J. Mitchell of Supermarine.
The C.I was originally developed to sell to the German Army.
The flight holds official FAI world records for total distance, straight-line distance, and duration for human-powered aircraft.
The type eventually matured into a usable design, but too late in the war to play an important role.
However, on 17 January 1939 the prototype, OO-ARW, crashed near Nivelles, killing pilot Lt. Viscount Eric de Spoelberch.
The MB-3A was the mainstay fighter for the Air Service between 1922 and 1925.
It was eventually sold to Clifford B. Harmon, president of the International League of Aviators, but when Harmon failed to take possession, the aircraft was scrapped.
The Koolhoven F.K.50 was a 1930s Dutch eight-passenger light transport monoplane designed and built by Koolhoven.
Power was supplied by a converted Volkswagen engine driving a pusher propeller.
The Junkers Ju 49 was a German aircraft designed to investigate high-altitude flight and the techniques of cabin pressurization.
The Rockwell-Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm X-31 was an experimental jet fighter designed to test fighter thrust vectoring technology.
The Skyship 600 is similar in appearance to, but larger than, the Skyship 500.
The Gregor FDB-1 was a Canadian biplane fighter, designed in 1938 by Michael Gregor and manufactured by Canadian Car and Foundry.
The Rolladen-Schneider LS5 was an Open Class single seat glider aircraft designed by Rolladen-Schneider.
The Barkley-Grow T8P-1 was an airliner developed in the United States shortly before the Second World War.
The Boeing Model 360 was an American experimental medium-lift tandem rotor cargo helicopter developed privately by Boeing to demonstrate advanced helicopter technology.
A civil version with equal-span wings was developed in 1927 as the M.24bis.
Designed by Ivan Shaw, the Europa was introduced in the early 1990s.
It was produced under licence in Canada and known as the Goblin in Canadian service and Delfin in Spanish service.
The fuselage was of welded steel tube construction with a wooden wing skinned in plywood held in place by four bolts to facilitate removal.
The Yakovlev Yak-100 was a single-engine, transport helicopter developed in the USSR in 1948.
The Lancair IV and IV-P are a family of four-seat low-wing retractable-gear composite monoplanes powered by a 550 cubic inch Continental turbo-normalised piston engine.
The Typhoon entered operational service in 2003; it has entered service with the air forces of Austria, Italy, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain and Saudi Arabia.
The Albatros L 60 was a two-seat German utility aircraft of the 1920s developed from the Albatros L 59.
It was the primary Polish reconnaissance bomber in use during the Invasion of Poland.
The Z-11 project started in 1989 and the first flight was made in Dec 1994.
This caused the takeoff distance to be 6000 feet, making it unappealing as a commuter aircraft.
It has bonded wing skins and incorporates 90° flaps for glide path control.
One CW-3 and one CA-3 each were evaluated by the United States Army as trainers, but neither were purchased.
The last of these was on 3 October on the Wienerwaldsee reservoir at Tullnerbach, in which he was forced to swerve suddenly to avoid a groyne.
The 787 Dreamliner's distinguishing features include mostly electrical flight systems, raked wingtips, and noise-reducing chevrons on its engine nacelles.
This engine was made out of two motorcycle engines.
The SST class of non-rigid airship or "blimp" was developed in Great Britain during World War I from the earlier SS class airship.
Development was then turned over to a research program to study the effects of long-duration high-speed flight.
The HT-2 is a low-wing cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear.
It was replaced as soon as supplies of the S.E.5a permitted.
The D.520 proved to be relatively capable as a dogfighter against the Luftwaffe's inventory, but lacked sufficient numbers to make a difference.
The McDonnell XF-85 Goblin was an American prototype fighter aircraft conceived during World War II by McDonnell Aircraft.
LeGare sold the rights to the aircraft to Aero Composites in 1986, which sold them again two years later to Aero Composite Technologies.
Production versions had Siemens Sh 14 engines with NACA cowlings.
The model is designated Gulfstream GVI in its type certificate, and may be configured to carry from 11 to 18 passengers.
The DF 334 is a development of the Dragon Fly 333, developed by archaeologists and filmmakers Angelo and Alfredo Castiglioni in the 1980s.
Further manufacturing under license was performed by SOKO in Yugoslavia and the Arab British Helicopter Company in Egypt.
The aircraft was owned by the pilot Steve Fossett, sponsored by Richard Branson's airline, Virgin Atlantic, and built by Burt Rutan's company, Scaled Composites.
The Bell AH-1 SuperCobra is a twin-engine attack helicopter based on the United States Army's single-engine AH-1 Cobra.
The new aircraft will enter commercial service after it is certified by Transport Canada and the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration.
The IAR CV 11 was a Romanian fighter prototype in 1930, designed by Elie Carafoli, and it was IAR's first original aircraft.
The Aviatik B.II was a reconnaissance aircraft built in Germany and Austria-Hungary during World War I.
The Ambrosini SAI.2 was a light monoplane built in Italy in 1934.
However, a single Anson Mk.I, which had been originally manufactured during 1943, had been restored to airworthiness, having been refitted with later metal wings.
Due to the changing course of the war, the project was abandoned and only a single example was built.
The most extensive modification resulted in a specialised maritime patrol aircraft variant, the Hawker Siddeley Nimrod.
Performance of the prototype was so disappointing that plans to produce it were cancelled almost immediately.
The Douglas F4D Skyray was an American carrier-based fighter/interceptor built by the Douglas Aircraft Company.
This aircraft was one of the earliest designs of Ernst Heinkel, who was working for Hansa-Brandenburg at the time.
From 1891, Bell had begun experiments at Baddeck and Hammondsport to develop motor-powered heavier-than-air aircraft.
Two versions were produced: a single-seater with a 45-kW le Rhône engine, and a two-seater with a 60-kW Gnome engine.
Idflieg placed an order for 20 aircraft in December 1917, followed by a second order of 30 aircraft in February 1918.
Rather than one particular model of aircraft, the name applies to several "families" of turbofan-powered aircraft that have been produced over the years.
The Triebflügel had only reached wind-tunnel testing when the Allied forces reached the production facilities.
The Parker Jeanie's Teenie, or JT-1, is a single-seat, single-engine sport aircraft first built in the United States in 1967 and marketed for homebuilding.
It was a low-wing braced monoplane of conventional configuration with fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
This proved insufficiently powerful to get the craft airborne.
The prototype first flew in 1926, and after testing was ordered into service before the end of the year.
The Handley Page HP.34 Hare was a British two-seat high-altitude day bomber designed and built at Cricklewood by Handley Page.
It was a twin-engined development of the PA-24 Comanche single-engined aircraft.
It was a two-seat conventional low-wing monoplane.
He was killed in a crash involving this design.
The Douglas DF was a commercial flying boat built by Douglas Aircraft Company and which first flew on 24 September 1936.
As the nuclear deterrence mission was given to the Royal Navy's submarine-launched Polaris missiles in 1969, a large V-bomber fleet was deemed surplus to requirements.
The sole SGU 1-6 built was completed in 1937 as an experimental aircraft and registered N17897.
One aircraft was evaluated by the United States Navy as a twin-float seaplane.
It was reported to and retrieved by U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
The Messerschmitt Me 263 Scholle was a rocket-powered fighter aircraft developed from the Me 163 Komet towards the end of World War II.
All were scrapped in the late 1940s.
It is also equipped with missile pylons for Chinese PL-8 air-to-air missiles, another difference compared to earlier J-11 variants.
The Vickers F.B.12 was a biplane pusher fighter aircraft developed during World War I by Vickers Limited.
The most obvious difference is that the M10 replaces the iconic Ercoupe-style dual vertical stabilizer with a tail designed to allow the airplane to spin.
The Dassault MD 315 Flamant is a French light twin-engined transport airplane built shortly after World War II by Dassault Aviation for the French Air Force.
Due to questionable market demand for commercial supersonic air travel, commitment to the project wavered and delays mounted.
It differed significantly from other Aeronca planes by the use of radial engines, streamlining, and a cantilever low wing.
The Northrop YF-17 was a prototype lightweight fighter aircraft designed for the United States Air Force's Lightweight Fighter technology evaluation program.
Variants include the Ka-29 assault transport, the Ka-28 downgraded export version, and the Ka-32 for civilian use.
The –29D model is of all metal construction while the earlier –29B has wooden wings.
The Junkers G 24 was a German three-engine, all-metal low-wing monoplane passenger aircraft manufactured by Junkers from 1925.
Designed primarily as an intelligence "ISR" gathering tool, the Bat features 30 lb payload capacity that is unmatched in a 10 ft wing span.
The aircraft was designated the AS 202 in Switzerland, and the SA 202 in Italy.
The Shinden was expected to be a highly maneuverable interceptor, but only two prototypes were finished before the end of war.
Along with the Macchi C.202/C.205 and Fiat G.55, the Reggiane Re.2005 was one of the three Serie 5 Italian fighters.
The Knoller C.II was a reconnaissance aircraft built in Austria-Hungary during World War I for use by the Austro-Hungarian army.
The Saab 37 Viggen is a Swedish single-seat, single-engine, short-medium range combat aircraft.
The existence of the A-50 was revealed in 1980 by Adolf Tolkachev.
Boeing has reportedly spent $32 billion on the 787 program.
It was a large, single-engine, single-bay biplane of conventional configuration with fixed tailskid undercarriage.
Developed from the Avro Lancaster, the first Lincoln variants were initially known as the Lancaster IV and V, these were subsequently renamed Lincoln I and II.
The Me 410 was a further development of the Me 210, renamed so as to avoid the 210's notoriety.
The Sikorsky S-64 Skycrane is an American twin-engine heavy-lift helicopter.
Another airworthy Habicht was built by the Zahn family and first flew in 2001.
It was exported to 17 non-Russian airlines and used as a head-of-state transport by the air forces of several countries.
After the carrier landing issues had been tackled, it quickly became the most capable carrier-based fighter-bomber of World War II.
The Stal-11 was a high speed transport aircraft / reconnaissance aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1933.
The CH 701 first flew in 1986 and the design was still in production in 2011.
The Kellett XR-10 was a military transport helicopter developed in the United States in the 1940s but which only flew in prototype form.
In this form, the Sunbird flew successfully on 5 October 1987.
The Sukhoi Su-30 is a twin-engine, two-seat supermaneuverable fighter aircraft developed by Russia's Sukhoi Aviation Corporation.
The project was eventually cancelled, with the existing airframes used for a variety of test purposes.
Unlike the MB.80 prototype, the MB.81 had a closed cockpit and a somewhat larger cargo space.
The Vickers VC10 is a mid-sized, narrow-body long-range British airliner designed and built by Vickers-Armstrongs Ltd and first flown at Brooklands, Surrey, in 1962.
In September 2008, the Institution of Mechanical Engineers conferred on the Lightning its "Engineering Heritage Award" at a ceremony at BAE Systems' site at Warton Aerodrome.
The name Gugnunc was at first unofficial, coming from the Pip, Squeak and Wilfred newspaper cartoon, but it later became official.
It was the first fighter type of completely indigenous design to enter US military service.
The Lockheed EC-121 Warning Star was a United States Navy and United States Air Force Airborne early warning and control radar surveillance aircraft.
The Bell Model 65 Air Test Vehicle was an experimental tiltjet VTOL aircraft built by Bell using parts from a number of commercial aircraft.
Its cabin can be arranged for 6-8 passengers.
This line was manufactured by Cessna from 1966 to 1985 under the name Utiliner and Businessliner.
The Mosquito was also known affectionately as the "Mossie" to its crews.
The MiG-9 was quickly replaced by the MiG-15, and three are known to survive.
However, when a model of the aircraft was shown at the 2008 Zhuhai Airshow, it was touted as capable of offering 78 seats in 4-abreast configuration.
The rudder was balanced, but the ailerons and elevators lacked horn balances.
The order was reversed before construction began.
The IMCO CallAir A-9 is a small agricultural aircraft that first flew in 1962, a development of the company's previous successful crop-dusters.
The Beechcraft Model 17 Staggerwing is an American biplane with an atypical negative wing stagger, that first flew in 1932.
The capabilities of the MiG-25 were better understood in 1976 when Soviet pilot Viktor Belenko defected in a MiG-25 to the United States via Japan.
The Bristol Bulldog was a British Royal Air Force single-seat biplane fighter designed during the 1920s by the Bristol Aeroplane Company.
The Stinson Reliant was a popular single-engine four- to five-seat high-wing monoplane manufactured by the Stinson Aircraft Division of the Aviation Manufacturing Corporation of Wayne, Michigan.
Built by Bristol in 1913, it was lost on its first flight.
After several fatal accidents due to wing failures, the aircraft was modified and redesignated Fokker D.VIII.
The airplane received its type certificate from the Civil Aviation Administration of China in June 2000.
Some Electras are still being used in various roles into the 21st century.
The first prototype will be finally assembled in 2016, with a maiden flight in 2017 and certification scheduled for 2019.
The White Aircraft Company bought the rights to the AT in 1939.
The Grumman X-29 was an American experimental aircraft that tested a forward-swept wing, canard control surfaces, and other novel aircraft technologies.
The E-10 was based on the Boeing 767-400ER commercial airplane.
The Caudron C.59 was a French, two-seat biplane with a single engine and a canvas-covered fuselage.
It was a parasol-wing monoplane of conventional configuration, and seated the pilot and instructor in separate, open cockpits.
J5N was developed as twin-engine interceptor for countering attacks by Boeing B-29 Superfortress.
The pontoon strutting incorporated a gap, allowing for the carriage of a torpedo under the fuselage for training purposes.
The Potez 36 was a high-wing braced monoplane with a conventional landing gear.
It is the successor to the DG-400 and the DG-600 models.
The Global Hawk is operated by the United States Air Force.
Type certification from the European Aviation Safety Agency was received in September 2014 and certification from the Federal Aviation Administration two months later.
The DV20 shares many features from the earlier Diamond HK36 Super Dimona.
In 1935, the RLM published requests for a fast tactical bomber.
Eventually, the plan was changed to making an eastward flight to the United States, via India and Japan.
The AEREON III was an experimental hybrid airship of rigid construction built by the AEREON Corporation in the early 1960s.
The AEG G.II was a German biplane bomber aircraft of World War I developed from the AEG G.I, with more powerful engines.
The YB-9 was an enlarged alteration of Boeing's Model 200 Commercial Transport.
The Naval Aircraft Factory TG were a series of prototype seaplanes for gunnery training designed and built by the United States Navy's Naval Aircraft Factory.
A landmark design, it was the world's first amphibious helicopter and one of the first ASW rotorcraft to use turboshaft engines.
It was a small, single-engine high-wing airliner, the first civil transport aircraft built in Romania.
The Short Shetland was a British high-speed, long-range, four-engined flying boat built by Short Brothers at Rochester, Kent for use in the Second World War.
During their service with Bomber Command, Halifaxes flew a total of 82,773 operations and dropped 224,207 tons of bombs, while 1,833 aircraft were lost.
In March 2009, the aircraft was redesignated the "Vision SF50".
It is remembered for setting a long-distance record on its first flight in 1930.
A second example was flown in February 1933 by Focke-Wulf under the designation L 84C, using a modified cooling system.
It is constructed with a steel tubing fuselage, wood wings, and fabric covering.
It was a scaled-down version of the Caudron R.4.
It is a scaled-down derivative of his original Aerocar IMP design.
The 1-34 was designed over a number of years in the mid-1960s and first flew in 1969.
The Ambrosini SAI.7 was an Italian racing aircraft flown before World War II that entered production as a military trainer after the war.
The Dassault Mirage III is a family of single-seat, single-engine, fighter aircraft produced by Dassault Aviation for the French Air Force and widely exported.
It was originally developed by retrofitting improved wings to the fuselage and tail of the HP-13.
The C-2As received updated propellers and navigation.
In later variants, dive bombing and maritime strike capabilities using glide bombs were experimented with, considerable success being achieved.
The Piper PA-48 Enforcer was a turboprop powered light close air support aircraft built by Piper in Lakeland, Florida in the 1970s.
The designation LR2A was assigned to a refined version of the design, but this was never produced.
Of conventional sailplane design with a T-tail, it was developed from the Club Libelle and featured the same composite construction throughout.
The Pilatus PC-12 is a single-engine turboprop passenger and cargo aircraft manufactured by Pilatus Aircraft of Switzerland.
The KWD was the only of the three imperial shipyards which built U-boats for the Kaiserliche Marine.
It was capable of striking ground targets up to 121 kilometres from its launch point, while traveling at speeds of 80 kilometres per hour.
The E1 Gavilán is an unmanned electrical-surveillance airplane of design and manufacturing by the Mexican firm Hydra Technologies of Mexico.
The first ZPG-2W was delivered to the Navy at NAS Lakehurst in May 1955.
The CUH-1N Twin Huey was the original version, first ordered by the Canadian Forces.
In June 2006, the RAF retired the last of its Canberras, 57 years after its first flight.
The Bakeng Deuce is a parasol-wing monoplane designed in the United States in the early 1970s and marketed for homebuilding.
The first test flight took place, successfully, on December 4.
The AeroVironment FQM-151 Pointer is a small UAV used by the United States Army and Marine Corps for battlefield surveillance.
The South African Air Force also procured the type.
Project VIII was for an aircraft very similar in shape.
The Brochet MB.80 was a two-seat light aircraft developed in France in the early 1950s.
The powerplant was an AstroFlight Astro-40 electric motor, driven by a 541 watt solar panel consisting of 3920 solar cells.
The Lublin R-XX was the Polish torpedo bomber floatplane, designed in the early 1930s in the Plage i Laśkiewicz factory in Lublin.
The Ca.113 was also produced in quantity by the subsidiary that Caproni established in Kazanlak, Bulgaria.
The helicopter is marketed for passenger transport, corporate transport, emergency medical services, search and rescue, parapublic and utility roles.
The first Me 209 was a single-engine air speed record plane for which little consideration was given to adaptation for combat.
There have been two models, the original MD 900, and its successor, the MD 902.
There are no public plans to make this a production aircraft.
The Tsybin RSR was a Soviet design for an advanced, long-range, Mach 3 strategic reconnaissance aircraft.
Designed as an improvement on the single-seat F2F, it entered service in 1936.
The Macchi M.7 was an Italian single-seat fighter flying boat designed by Alesandro Tonini and built by Macchi.
The Curtiss CR was a racing aircraft designed for the United States Navy in 1921 by Curtiss.
The landing gear was fixed and of tricycle configuration, with the main units having dual wheels.
It was a conventional, single-bay sesquiplane with wings braced by N-struts.
The Schütte-Lanz D.II was a variant of the Schütte-Lanz D.I.
14 examples were built, but none entered service.
Developed by the motor car manufacturer Austin as a replacement to the Sopwith Camel, only one was built, the Sopwith Snipe being preferred.
It was first flown on 24 October 2013, with the first public flight-test and demonstration on 30 October 2013.
The Kress Drachenflieger was an experimental aircraft constructed in Austria-Hungary in 1901.
In 1939, the Japanese Amy Air Force Examination Department began the Special Tank Project Number 3 that was given the name Sora-Sha.
It has been used in a training capacity and as a low-cost combat aircraft.
Le Pen was killed in a car crash in 1919.
On 28 September 1936, Squadron Leader F.R.D.
The Eurocopter Tiger is a four-bladed, twin-engined attack helicopter which first entered service in 2003.
The Solar Challenger was a solar-powered electric aircraft designed by Paul MacCready's AeroVironment.
It was a singular aircraft, being obsolescent as a fighter when it first appeared in 1934, but despite this it was used as such until 1940.
The Farman F.230 and its derivatives were a family of light touring aircraft built in France in the 1930s.
The Miles M.1 Satyr was a 1930s British single-seat aerobatic biplane designed by F.G.
It was developed by Consolidated Aircraft in parallel with the Boeing B-29 Superfortress as a fallback design should the B-29 prove unsuccessful.
The Junkers Ju 322 Mammut was a heavy transport military glider, resembling a giant flying wing, proposed for use by the Luftwaffe in World War II.
The competing rockets were the Applied Physics Laboratory's Aerobee and the Naval Research Laboratory's Neptune.
It was first flown in France in the 1960s and marketed for amateur construction.
It was the last Miles aircraft to be produced in quantity.
This aircraft was never chosen for production, being surpassed by the Su-25, and only a few development prototypes were built.
The Focke-Wulf Ta 152 was a World War II German high-altitude fighter-interceptor designed by Kurt Tank and produced by Focke-Wulf.
These machines were supplied to the naval base at Putzig along with a batch of four trainers of a different design, numbered 467–470.
The first flight of the ZPG-3W was in July 1958.
The Aero Boero AB-210 is an Argentine civil utility aircraft, a development of the AB-180 with improved performance delivered by a fuel-injected engine.
It was designated Ö 9 in that service.
The Comte AC-3 was a 1920s Swiss bomber/transport aircraft produced by Flugzeugbau A. Comte.
It was an enlarged derivative of the Saunders-Roe SR.53, which was itself an experimental combined jet-and-rocket interceptor aircraft.
Development of the aircraft was put on hold without any production Seastars being completed in 1991.
It comprised a main unit which could be flown as a glider, to which a chassis unit with power train could be added.
Several examples were exported to Russia, and the type was built under license in Italy.
The Dayton-Wright OW.1 Aerial Coupe was an American four-seat touring aircraft built by the Dayton-Wright Company of Dayton, Ohio.
The Verilite Model 100 Sunbird was a low-cost light aircraft developed in the United States in the 1980s.
Its Grumman model number is G-1159 and its US military designation is C-11 Gulfstream II.
The first prototype was flown on 11 October 1938.
The Aerocar II Aero-Plane was an unusual light aircraft flown in the United States in 1964.
The Sea Vixen had the distinction of being the first British two-seat combat aircraft to achieve supersonic speed, albeit not in level flight.
The Slingsby Type 42 Eagle was a two-seat glider designed in England from 1952.
The DN-1 was returned to its hangar and lightened.
The Donnet-Denhaut flying boat was a maritime patrol and anti-submarine warfare aircraft produced in France during the First World War.
It was also used for so-called "morale raids" designed to raise the spirit of the Soviet people by exposing Axis vulnerabilities.
They were produced in large numbers, with at least 2,300 built by 1937, and together with the single-seaters, production exceeded 7,600 by the same year.
Indeed,the prototype was built by the designer with assistance from students at the Albert Camus technical school of Rouen.
From 1940, this aircraft began to replace the IMAM Ro.37 in service, completing this process the following year.
It was a parasol-winged braced monoplane of typical flying boat arrangement with triple tailfins and its three engines arranged on the wing's leading edge.
The Fokker S.I was a Dutch primary trainer, first flown in 1919 and the first of a family of trainers from the Fokker company.
The MacDonald S-20 is a single-seat sport aircraft that was designed in the United States in the early 1970s and marketed for home building.
The two YB-49s actually built were both converted YB-35 test aircraft.
It was designed to be a sturdy aircraft for inexperienced solo pilots and so uses a simple and rugged construction and has docile handling characteristics.
The Idflieg rejected it on the grounds that its poor maneuverability made it too vulnerable to enemy fighters.
Between 1942 and 1945, all work on the project was undertaken with a high level of secrecy.
The Do J was designated the Do 16 by the Reich Air Ministry under its aircraft designation system of 1933.
Like the A-1, the A-2 was a minimalist primary glider, with a conventional tail mounted on a boom and a strut-braced monoplane wing, mounted parasol-fashion.
It will utilise stealth technology, giving it a low radar profile, and it will be controllable via satellite link from anywhere on Earth.
The Doak VZ-4 was an American prototype Vertical Takeoff and Landing aircraft built in the 1950s for service in the United States Army.
It was unsuccessful, being abandoned due to an unreliable engine.
The Vickers F.B.14 was a British two-seat fighter/reconnaissance biplane designed and built by Vickers Limited.
The prototype flew in late 1917 and was followed over the next few months by three more development aircraft.
Major variants were the CR.20 Idro, a pontoon floatplane, and the CR.20 Asso, using a more powerful Isotta-Fraschini engine.
The Defiant 300 was to have been followed by a larger version equipped with a turboprop engine and designated the "Defiant 500".
The PWS-18 was a Polish trainer aircraft, used from 1937 to 1939 by the Polish Air Force, a modified licence variant of the British Avro Tutor.
The plane, named Anasal was first flown on 7 August 1916.
B-45s and RB-45s served in the United States Air Force's Strategic Air Command from 1950 until 1959.
The original version featured a glazed-nose design and, like certain other Russian airliners, it can operate from unpaved airfields.
During the fuel consumption trials, the L 1 made a forced landing and was disqualified from the contest.
Using this aircraft, Abramovich was successful in setting many early aviation records in Russia, including carrying several passengers.
The Hants and Sussex Aviation Herald was a British ultra-light single seat aircraft of the 1940s.
The prototype was later converted into the Conroy Tri-Turbo-Three.
The Martin Jetpack is a single-person aircraft under development after 30 years of work.
Its fictional features included stratospheric ceiling, stealth noise signature, a wide range of weapons and even supersonic speed.
It never progressed beyond taxiing trials as it was destroyed in a storm.
The Nanchang CJ-6 is an aircraft designed and built in China for use by the People's Liberation Army Air Force as a basic trainer.
Sales of plans to homebuilders were suspended after 32 sets had been sold while initial efforts were made to certificate the design.
Hamilton formed Stoddard-Hamilton Aircraft that year to produce and market the kit, which was the first pre-molded composite aircraft available to builders.
There was a brief attempt to revive the design at the end of the war, but nothing came of this.
After being upgraded between 2013 and 2015, it is expected to serve into the 2040s.
The Urban Air Samba is a Czech designed and built light aircraft of the 1990s which incorporates composite construction.
This derivative, while omitting the canards and air brake, incorporates a reinforced airframe, improved avionics and radar and thrust-vectoring engines.
The jet intakes are located at the sides of the fuselage and the tricycle undercarriage is retractable.
The Mitsubishi G4M was the main twin-engine, land-based bomber used by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service in World War II.
After the war it was brought to Poland.
The Kawasaki C-2 is a mid-size, twin-turbofan engine, long range, high speed military transport aircraft developed and manufactured by Kawasaki Aerospace Company.
The SM.75 was fast, robust, capable of long-range flight and could carry up to 24 passengers for 1,000 miles.
The Howard DGA-15 was a single-engine civil aircraft produced in the United States by the Howard Aircraft Corporation from 1939 to 1944.
Apart from "low cost", these objectives were largely met.
The Fouga Zéphyr was a 1950s French two-seat carrier-capable jet trainer for the French Navy.
Following tests with an Š-6 bomber over domestic passenger routes, ČSA requested that a passenger-carrying version be developed.
The later racing flying boat for the 1922 Schneider Trophy the Sea Lion II was a different design.
The Hughes OH-6 Cayuse is a single-engine light helicopter with a four-bladed main rotor used for personnel transport, escort and attack missions, and observation.
Testing commenced on 29 October with Henry Kapferer at the controls.
The Blackburn B-1 Segrave was a 1930s British twin-engine four-seat touring aircraft built by Blackburn Aircraft.
The production version of the Nimbus was the Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-2.
The fuselage was built from welded steel tube, while the wings were wooden.
It was a twin-engined, twin boom biplane.
The F-5 also served as a starting point for a series of design studies which resulted in the Northrop YF-17 and the F/A-18 navalized fighter aircraft.
Twelve aircraft were built by UFAG and differed slightly from the German-built machines.
The Phantom is a large fighter with a top speed of over Mach 2.2.
The aircraft is a 75% scale replica of the North American Harvard trainer of the Second World War.
This lengthy delay was possibly due to the aircraft being used as a trainer at Warnemünde itself.
The type was used by Aeroflot and successor post-Soviet airlines and only three of the total 106 examples were exported.
The Rolls-Royce Griffon engine was designed in answer to Royal Naval specifications for an engine capable of generating good power at low altitudes.
The C-5 is among the largest military aircraft in the world.
The rear of this nacelle was semi-enclosed with glazing and incorporated a position for a tail gunner.
The wing and rear fuselage design was incorporated in the Gulfstream Aerospace Peregrine business aircraft.
The rudder extended below the line of the lower fuselage, and there was a large ventral fin fitted.
It was mainly used as a trainer aircraft.
The prototype was constructed using bits of war surplus ex-RNZAF North American Harvards.
Air-worthiness certificate was awarded on September 2, 1999.
The cabin was equipped with a darkroom.
The pilot and single passenger sat in tandem under a canopy that fully enclosed the cockpit and the main wheels of the tailwheel undercarriage were retractable.
The Scaled Composites ARES is a demonstrator aircraft built by Scaled Composites.
The Kawasaki KDA-5 was a Japanese single-seat biplane fighter designed by the German Dr. Richard Vogt for the Imperial Japanese Army.
The O-31 was Douglas Aircraft Company's first monoplane observation straight-wing aircraft used by the United States Army Air Corps.
The D.VII had ailerons on both upper and lower wings linked by hinged struts.
It was powered by 525–605 horsepower variants of the Armstrong Siddeley Panther IIa engine.
The Allied reporting name for the type was Mavis; the Navy designation was "Type 97 Large Flying Boat".
The H class blimp was an observation airship built for the U.S. Navy in the early 1920s.
The Rumpler C.IV was a German single-engine, two-seat reconnaissance biplane.
The Engels MI was a Russian floatplane/fighter developed in 1916.
It was a development of the BH-6 and BH-8, and work on the latter aircraft was cut short in favour of this one.
Fritz Stamer, who had long been a test pilot for Lippisch's designs was selected to fly the aircraft.
In 1955, by which point the prototype was already largely complete, the Ministry of Supply decided to terminate the V-1000 project in mid-development.
The machines however did not remain in frontline fighter status with the Czechoslovak Air Force until the German occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1939.
A longer four-engined development of the Dove, intended for use in the less developed areas of the world, was the de Havilland Heron.
Originally, three were purchased, with another one built by Svenska Aero some time later, and a fifth and final aircraft built by the Navy itself.
The Focke-Wulf A 38 Möwe was an airliner, produced in Germany in the early 1930s.
Before production ceased in August 1987, Embraer had produced 106 EMB 121 aircraft, 51 of which were exported to countries outside Brazil.
The 330 was based on the SC.7 Skyvan.
The aircraft's name is derived from the banshee of Irish mythology.
It was believed that T-60S would have featured a variable geometry wing, flat lifting fuselage and two engines, equipped with two-dimensional thrust vectoring nozzles.
The North American F-86D Sabre was a transonic jet all-weather interceptor of the United States Air Force and others.
Only a single aircraft was built, with the type not being chosen for production.
The pilot and the tail gunner sat in tandem cockpits, the pilot's open, and the gunner's partially enclosed.
The availability of more power contributed greatly to the aircraft's responsiveness at low speeds.
It performed well at the Vauville competition of 1925.
The Army decided not to order the Cyclops into production as it had decided single-engined aircraft were not suitable for the role.
During the test program, the maximum altitude reached was more than 120,000 feet.
The manufacturer is Jonker Sailplanes of Potchefstroom South Africa, founded in 2004 by two brothers, Attie and Uys Jonker.
The CR.42 was the last of the Fiat biplane fighters to enter front line service.
The Helicycle is a single-seat, single, semi-rigid main rotor helicopter powered by a turboshaft engine.
The aircraft had tandem cockpits with dual controls and was powered by a 180 hp Hispano-Suiza V-8 engine.
It has a simple conventional configuration like that of a large RC model.
The prototype Chincol made its maiden flight on 14 December 1955.
Rot due to fungus infestation was found in an early example, leading to an Airworthiness Directive.
As of November 2014, 1372 RV-4s had been completed and flown worldwide.
It flies up to Mach 0.885 , up to 51,000 feet and has a 6,500 nautical miles range.
Eight hundred and seventy GIV/GIV-SP/G450 units have been produced.
Several examples were preserved, including a single airworthy Sunderland which has been placed on display in Florida at Fantasy of Flight.
The Lightning is powered by two Rolls-Royce Avon turbojet engines in a unique staggered stacked installation in the fuselage.
The last 747−400, a -400ERF, was delivered in 2009.
One member of the family Ikarus 451M became the first domestically-built jet aircraft to fly in Yugoslavia, on 25 October 1952.
In Europe, the CH 701 was manufactured under license by Czech Aircraft Works from 1992 until 2006, when the license agreement was ended.
It was not until the early 1950s that Chu returned with a larger tandem helicopter called the CJC-3.
Another seven were built for Norway under license by Marinens Flyvebåtfabrik.
It would have been a four-engined high-wing cantilever monoplane with a large 34 m cabin.
The aircraft was designed to meet the requirements of the United States commuter- and regional airline market.
While the ES 53 had been purely experimental, the L.55 was Lualdi's first step towards a marketable aircraft.
Apart from military use the aircraft was also used by Indian flying schools.
Never used operationally, all four were used for flight testing with the last still in service in April 1917.
These had altered wing and tailplane incidence and a reduction in upper wing area.
A sole S.57bis was built, with a 224 kW Hispano-Suiza Type 42 engine.
It typically accommodates four crew and 14 passengers.
The Fokker T.VIII was a Dutch twin-engined torpedo-bomber and reconnaissance floatplane developed in the late 1930s, which served in the Dutch, British and German air forces.
The MiG-15 is often mentioned, along with the F-86 Sabre, as the best fighter aircraft of the Korean War.
Following its last deployment in late 2014, the EA-6B was withdrawn from U.S. Navy service in June 2015.
Grob commenced displaying a highly realistic mock-up of the design in 1987, and a prototype flew the following year.
The Royal Air Force flew the B-29 as the Washington until phasing out the type in 1954.
As designed, the aircraft is powered by a Lycoming TIO-540-NXT "Thunderbolt" six-cylinder engine.
It proved an economical and durable craft, despite its relatively primitive plywood construction.
The design later evolved into the Long-EZ and other, larger cabin canard aircraft.
Although only one was produced, the Dayton-Wright OW.1 marks the first working example of a civilian single-engine four passenger light cabin aircraft.
The design was developed further for an attempt to cross the Atlantic nonstop for the first time, but this was not successful.
It was a development of the MiG-1 by the OKO of Zavod No.
This machine, piloted by Captain Joaquín Loriga Taboada, made three flights, all of them in March 1924.
The tail and two-bladed main rotor could be folded for shipboard stowage, and the skid undercarriage had fittings for flotation bags.
It was a fast, agile aircraft, and was the first interceptor in RAF service capable of speed higher than 200 mph.
The pilot sat in an open cockpit, with a gunner in an open bow position, and another in an open position amidships.
This variant may have been intended as a pure reconnaissance or training aircraft, and it is unclear whether any were built before the armistice.
The AW609 is aimed at the civil aviation market, in particular VIP customers and offshore oil and gas operators.
The MD Helicopters MD Explorer is a light twin utility helicopter.
Two CANT 10ters were used by a company called TAXI AEREI in Buenos Aires, operating flights from the River Plate.
The Yakovlev Yak-40 is a small, three-engined airliner.
In 1960, Gary Powers was shot down in a CIA U-2A over the Soviet Union by a surface-to-air missile.
The turbine gave 1050 pounds of thrust by running at 6000 rpm.
The pilot and co-pilot had a cabin forward of the wing leading edge.
The Boeing EC-135 was a command and control version of the Boeing C-135 Stratolifter.
The pilot and instructor sat in tandem, open cockpits.
The 787 Dreamliner, which entered service in 2011, shares design features and a common type rating for pilots with the 777.
The AS355 is marketed in North America as the TwinStar.
The Morane-Saulnier MS.760 Paris is a French four-seat jet trainer and liaison aircraft built by Morane-Saulnier.
Like the AeC.3G, however, it was a conventional low-wing cantilever monoplane with seating for student pilot and instructor in tandem and fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
The Avro C102 Jetliner was a Canadian prototype medium-range turbojet-powered jet airliner built by Avro Canada in 1949.
Friedrichshafen FF.49 was a German, two-seat, single-engine float-plane designed by Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen in 1917.
They have transplanted the existing sprayer tank system from the 747-100 into a newer Boeing 747-400 airframe.
The DC-8's design allowed it a slightly larger cargo capacity than the 707 and some re-engined DC-8s are still in use as freighters.
The Breda-Zappata B.Z.308 was an Italian four-engined airliner produced by Breda.
The NAMC J-12 was a lightweight supersonic fighter built by the People's Republic of China for use by the PLAAF.
The CAC Boomerang was a fighter aircraft designed and manufactured in Australia by the Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation between 1942 and 1945.
In French service, the Gazelle has been supplemented as an attack helicopter by the larger Eurocopter Tiger, but remains in use primarily as a scout helicopter.
The SW-4 was further developed by PZL-Świdnik and corporate parent AgustaWestland into an optionally piloted vehicle, the SW-4 Solo.
The engine was mounted in a nacelle slung from the upper wing and powered a four-blade propeller in tractor configuration.
Production ended in 1993 with only 164 aircraft having been built.
Built by Morane-Saulnier, large numbers of the Type L were ordered by the French Aviation Militaire at the outbreak of the war, being designated the MS.3.
Initial water taxiing trials resulted in the enlarging of the wingtip floats.
In addition to tailskid landing gear, two wheels were placed beneath the nose to prevent bumping.
Rival manufacturers meanwhile heeded the lessons learned from the Comet while developing their own aircraft.
The Lohner E was a reconnaissance flying boat built in Austria-Hungary during World War I.
The Honeywell RQ-16A T-Hawk is a ducted fan VTOL micro UAV.
The Beets Special was a single-seat recreational aircraft built in the United States in the mid-1970s with the intention of marketing it for homebuilding.
It was an enlarged and more powerful four-seat version of the two-seat Grob G 115.
The Bernard 190 or Bernard-Hubert 190 was a French airliner of 1928.
F-1 had the same envelope size as the E-1, due to the use of a tractor mounted 125 hp Union engine, the performance was different.
However, the other three were powered with the 120 hp Le Rhone engine, with which they were allegedly faster than the French Nieuport 17.
It was a further development of the IVL C.24.
The Eurocopter AS332 Super Puma is a four-bladed, twin-engine, medium-size utility helicopter developed and marketed by Aérospatiale and Eurocopter.
Typical of agricultural aircraft, it is a single-seat monoplane of conventional taildragger configuration.
The Zeppelin NT is a class of helium-filled airships being manufactured since the 1990s by the German company Zeppelin Luftschifftechnik GmbH in Friedrichshafen.
U.S. Army General Norman Schwarzkopf named the USMC Harrier II as one of several important weapons in the Gulf War.
Only two prototypes were built in 1960-61.
Early Do 217 variants were more powerful than the contemporary Heinkel He 111 and Junkers Ju 88, having a greater speed, range and bomb load.
The similar but larger Pathfinder II, the 16H-1A, was completed in 1965.
The design team also included Nevil Shute Norway as the senior stress engineer.
Nine of ten projected aircraft were built.
The Bell 230 is an improved development with different engines and other minor changes.
A distinctive feature were Y-shaped struts joining wing with an undercarriage.
A member of the numerous Huey family, it first flew in 1969.
The prototypes were built and underwent testing and evaluation in 1948.
Since then the company has released two more M20 models.
It became known by the title of "The Whispering Giant" for its quiet exterior noise and smooth flying, although the passenger interior remained less tranquil.
It first flew in 1932 and went on to be used by the DFS to tow gliders.
It replaced the highly successful Schempp-Hirth Ventus.
It was also designed to be used in the light transport, aerial survey and air ambulance roles.
When the United States entered World War II, the Navy took over the operation of Goodyear’s five commercial blimps.
It is also affectionately known in aviation circles as "The Shed".
It entered service in 1996; over a thousand aircraft have been produced to date.
The Keleher JK-1 Lark is a single-seat aerobatic sport aircraft that was designed in the United States in the early 1960s and later marketed for homebuilding.
It is lighter than the 707-based Boeing E-3 Sentry, and mounts a fixed, active electronically scanned array radar antenna instead of a rotating one.
The most notable feature of the aircraft is its forward-swept wing, which is mid-mounted in the fuselage.
PZL-104 Wilga is a Polish designed and built short-takeoff-and-landing Civil Aviation utility aircraft manufactured by PZL "Warszawa-Okęcie".
The flight test program validated the feasibility of a flyable stealth aircraft.
The Fairey Swordfish was a biplane torpedo bomber designed by the Fairey Aviation Company.
The Euler D.II was a German single-seat fighter, the successor to the earlier Euler D.I.
It used a modernised version of its predecessor's airframe, being a conventional, parasol-wing monoplane with seating for two occupants in tandem, open cockpits.
Intended for use by the Royal Air Force and the Fleet Air Arm, the aircraft did not enter service with either.
As the Sky Owl, McDonnell Douglas leveraged it into the company's proposal for the Army competition, but apparently it proved generally inferior to the RQ-5 Hunter.
The Grahame-White Baby was an early British aircraft designed by pioneer aviator Claude Grahame-White in 1910.
The Nardi FN.305 was an Italian fighter trainer and liaison monoplane developed by the Fratelli Nardi company.
The Wassmer WA-40 Super 4 Sancy is a French single-engined light aircraft of the 1960s and 70s.
We had our 707 jet, and I worked out what cities were in range of Chicago.
The pilot was enclosed by a perspex bubble with the engine at the rear and the tail rotor carried on an enclosed boom.
At first glance, it resembles the French/Anglo SEPECAT Jaguar, but was a completely independent Japanese effort.
It was used by the U.S. Navy initially as TO-2 then TV-2, and after 1962, T-33B.
It was designed by Alois Šmolík at Letov Kbely.
The Phantom has the distinction of being the last U.S. fighter flown by pilots who attained ace status in the 20th century.
The Heinkel HD 22 was a trainer designed in Germany during the 1920s.
The outer half of each wing was fitted with fixed slats along the leading edge.
In April 1918, a W.12 made an emergency landing in the neutral territory of the Netherlands, where it was interned and flight tested by the Dutch.
The IAI RQ-5 Hunter unmanned aerial vehicle was originally intended to serve as the United States Army's Short Range UAV system for division and corps commanders.
The Lancer first flew in 1961 and production began in 1963.
An unusual feature of the design was the aircraft's method of climbing.
The CANT Z.506 Airone was a triple-engine floatplane produced by CANT from 1935.
The pilot and instructor sit side-by-side, and two more seats can be fitted behind them.
The Australian government's Department of Aircraft Production also manufactured variants of the Beaufort.
Alternatively, they can be fitted with luxury appointments for use as a personal air transport.
However its cruise speed was only 195 km/h.
Three rudders were linked to a common control stick and were to provide steering on water and in the air.
The Epic Victory was the second experimental jet designed by Epic Aircraft, a company that was based in Bend, Oregon.
It saw combat in Algeria, the Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, and throughout Southeast Asia; other uses included saving flood victims, recovering astronauts, fighting fires, and carrying presidents.
Early renderings of the SoloTrek were produced by Marc Ericksen, a renown Silicon Valley commercial artist and illustrator.
107 aircraft were built, 77 of them at Cincinnati.
Powered by the Pratt & Whitney J75, another three Mk.
The Zodiac is a family of Canadian all-metal, two-seat, fixed landing gear airplanes that first flew in 1984.
The pilot and observer sat side by side in an open cockpit, and both the upper and lower sets of wings featured sweepback.
It was a single-seat biplane built by the Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company.
The "Speed Model" was fitted with a canopy and fairing.
The Layzell Cricket is a single-seat autogyro produced in the United Kingdom for homebuilding, although it was first produced in the early 1970s fully factory-built.
It was first manufactured by the Engineering and Research Corporation shortly before World War II; several other manufacturers continued its production after the war.
These were eventually succeeded by the upgraded T-34C Turbo-Mentor, powered by a turboprop engine.
In both versions, it is a low wing, two seat, monoplane designed as an advanced aerobatic trainer with +6/-3 g capability.
It was made out of wood and fabric with cantilevered 'gull' wings.
The North American FJ-2 and FJ-3 Fury were a series of swept-wing carrier-capable fighters for the United States Navy and Marine Corps.
Piper then sold that inventory as the Piper-Stinson over the next few years.
From its introduction in 1938, the B-17 Flying Fortress evolved through numerous design advances.
The Polikarpov R-Z was a Soviet reconnaissance bomber aircraft of the 1930s.
It is used as a high-altitude platform covering the spectrum of intelligence collection capability to support forces in worldwide military operations.
Because of its considerable capital and operating costs, the project was controversial in the U.S. Congress and among the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The major difference between the Pegase 90 and previous models was the introduction of flight controls that automatically connect during rigging.
The sole prototype was destroyed in a fire without having flown.
Since the aircraft's introduction in 1978, close to 500 have been sold, with the majority still in service.
The Model T was the basis for the Martin S Hydro seaplane, with a lengthened fuselage, a greater span, and upper wing ailerons.
It was a large monoplane of conventional configuration that featured open gunner's positions in its nose and at the rear of its two underwing engine nacelles.
The Flight Design CT series is a family of high-wing, tricycle undercarriage, two seat, ultralight and light-sport aircraft produced by Flight Design of Germany.
The Navy subsequently decommissioned its airship units at Naval Air Station Glynco, Brunswick, Georgia, and at Lakehurst on October 31, 1961.
It was used to fill radar gaps in the North American early-warning network during the Cold War between the Contiguous Barrier and the Inshore Barrier.
Development did not progress beyond the construction of a prototype in each configuration.
The Miles Hawk Major was a 1930s British two-seat light monoplane designed by Miles Aircraft Limited.
The Hispano HS-42 and its derivative, the HA-43, were advanced military trainer aircraft produced in Spain in the 1940s.
It was the first Australian-designed and built airliner to be granted a Certificate of Airworthiness.
The Saunders-Roe A.36 Lerwick was a British flying boat built by Saunders-Roe Limited.
An initial batch of 23 machines was built for use by Czech aeroclubs.
Its variants are marketed under the CJ, CJ1, CJ1+, M2, CJ2, CJ2+, CJ3, CJ3+, CJ4 and CJ4+ names.
A second airframe with a slightly different configuration was partially built.
Airbus announced on 10 November 2011 that A340 production had been concluded.
It is the first airliner produced in the Soviet Union to be powered by modern high-bypass turbofan engines.
The Gotha G.V was a heavy bomber used by the Luftstreitkräfte during World War I.
As of 2015, it is the world's second most numerous military aircraft in service.
After a temporary delay of the program, first flight of prototype was made on May 23, 1997.
The biggest civil operator was Patria Pilot Training at Helsinki-Malmi Airport, Finland during 2000–2011.
The development ended on 30 November 1972 after successful hovering-flight testing with the aircraft.
The combined total number of all versions was 35.
Early production aircraft had wings of equal span, but later examples had long extensions fitted to increase the span of the upper wing.
The PZL Bielsko SZD-55 is a Standard Class sailplane produced by PZL Bielsko since 1988.
The Bensen B-12, variously dubbed the Sky-Way or Sky-Mat was an unconventional multirotor developed by Igor Bensen in the United States in the late 1950s.
During World War II, Mustang pilots claimed to have destroyed 4,950 enemy aircraft.
The program was initiated by the Ministry of International Trade and Industry in 1954, the aircraft was rolled out in 1962, and production ceased in 1974.
A single example is preserved at the National Technical Museum in Prague.
The Twin was one of the first two-seat sailplanes built from fibreglass and has higher glide performance than most similar sailplanes of the time.
It was marketed for homebuilding in plans or kit form, with over 350 sets of plans selling by 1978.
The Saro A.21 Windhover was a British amphibious aircraft from the period between World War I and World War II, constructed by Saunders-Roe, or Saro.
The Akaflieg Stuttgart FS-24 Phoenix was a glider designed and built in Germany from 1951.
The M-5 was of a wooden construction, the hull was covered in plywood and the wings and tailplane were covered in fabric.
Prototypes of J-12 was designed by Lu Xiao Peng and built by the Nanchang Aircraft Manufacturing Company.
The helicopter is intended for use in civil, security and military roles.
It was the first attempt by the Soviet Union to design look-down/shoot-down radar and one of the first to be armed with beyond visual range missiles.
Concorde's name, meaning "harmony" or "union", was chosen to reflect the co-operation on the project between the United Kingdom and France.
Only a single prototype was built, first flying on 22 April 1971.
The first of the two-seaters was designated 519A to reflect its modifications.
They were two-bay biplanes of conventional configuration with greatly uneven span.
16 were built by Aichi and saw brief service aboard the cruisers of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
It was found to be underpowered, and when it crashed not long into its career it was not repaired.
Power was provided by a 45 hp de Havilland Iris flat-four engine driving two pusher propellers mounted behind the wings.
Like most aircraft of its day the Silver Dart had poor control characteristics; likewise, it had no brakes.
The BAC 167 Strikemaster is a British jet-powered training and light attack aircraft.
The SPL was a submarine borne flying boat designed and built in the USSR from 1931.
Modified versions have also been developed for the U.S. Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard.
The Slingsby T.49 Capstan is a British two-seat glider of the 1960s built by Slingsby Sailplanes as a replacement for their earlier Type 42 Eagle.
Holcomb later built a refined version with a different powerplant as the Ultra-IMP.
The Tupolev Tu-28 was a long-range interceptor aircraft introduced by the Soviet Union in the 1960s.
After successfully fulfilling its Soviet military missions, it was mothballed for eight years.
The Blériot 165 was a French airliner of the 1920s.
The Hanriot HD.1 was a French World War I single-seat fighter aircraft.
The Boeing TB was an American torpedo bomber biplane designed by the US Navy and built by Boeing in 1927.
The Dornier Do 11 was a German medium bomber, developed in secret in the early 1930s.
It first flew in 1934, but no contracts were issued and only one aircraft was completed.
The aircraft was a further development of the Valmet L-70 Vinka and would eventually lead to the Valmet L-90 Redigo.
Although it shared the same basic configuration, the SD II was an all-new design.
Powered by a 400 hp Liberty V12, it would seat two.
The high-speed reconnaissance project, including the Avro 730, was cancelled in 1957.
The Fokker C.VIII was a reconnaissance aircraft built in the Netherlands in the late 1920s.
It followed the Ro.1 as the main reconnaissance aircraft for the Italian Army.
A triplane version was built as the Dr.I.
The twin engines were placed in tandem push-pull configuration on the wing.
It was retired from active service in 1939, replaced by the more powerful derivative, the Ba.65.
The Felixstowe Porte Baby was a British reconnaissance flying boat of the First World War, first flying in 1915.
Deliveries of partial kits commenced in April 2008 and by November 2015, 425 aircraft had flown.
It was briefly the most advanced fighter aircraft of its kind in the world.
The original HS-1 flew in 1970 and was followed in 1973 by the refined HS-2 design.
A third X-37 mission, USA-240, launched on 11 December 2012 and landed at Vandenberg AFB on 17 October 2014.
Only 12 were produced and none were used operationally.
The Aero Boero AB-180 is an Argentine civil utility aircraft, a substantially improved development of the AB-95.
The the type first flew in 1987, and entered into service in 1999.
These were too few to allow the Ta 152 to make a significant impact on the air war.
It was nevertheless the fighter used most extensively and successfully by the French Armee de l'air during the Battle of France.
It was the last of a line designed by Willy Messerschmitt.
The RV-6 is the tail-wheel equipped version while the RV-6A features a nose-wheel.
The Bell 412 is a twin-engine utility helicopter of the Huey family manufactured by Bell Helicopter.
The D.520 saw combat service in North Africa, Bulgaria, and the Eastern Front, as well as use in France and Germany for training and defense purposes.
The war ended before the type's first flight and only a prototype was built.
The British Royal Air Force ordered the Harrier GR.1 and GR.3 variants in the late 1960s.
The fuselage was deep and seated four passengers in a fully enclosed cabin.
The Nomad is to be reengineered and put back into production as the GippsAero GA18.
The Canadair CL-66 was a turboprop version of the civilian Convair CV-440 Metropolitan.
The Aviatik C.I, the prototypes of which were known as Aviatik 30.14, Aviatik 30.15 and Aviatik 30.16, was an Austro-Hungarian 2-seat reconnaissance aircraft produced from 1917.
Early models were powered by a single Napier Gazelle engine, later builds used a pair of de Havilland Gnome engines.
One was privately constructed in Brisbane, Australia.
The type proved quite popular overseas; more than 60% of the total sales for the aircraft were to North American customers.
The Valmet L-70 Vinka is a Finnish-designed piston-powered military basic trainer aircraft of the 1970s.
It is manufactured by Aircraft Manufacturing and Design Co. in Eastman, Georgia.
Only two examples were built, but the work done on them later proved useful in the development of the Breguet Alizé anti-submarine warfare aircraft.
The AV.44 featured considerably more modern aerodyamics and accommodation for two passengers in place of the AV.10's one.
The wings and fuselage were constructed of wood with fabric covering.
It saw limited production in the late 1990s.
They were produced in large numbers, with around 5,400 built of the U-s3, U-s4 and P-s2 major versions alone.
It was a low-wing monoplane of conventional configuration with fixed, tricycle undercarriage and a large, bubble canopy over the two side-by-side seats.
The first aircraft, christened Rochambeau flew on 11 December 1942.
The D.XVI also won a competition organised by the government of Romania to select a new fighter, but despite this, no orders were placed.
The PZL Kania is a follow-up to the Mil Mi-2 helicopter, developed in Poland by PZL-Świdnik.
The Pitcairn PCA-2 was an autogyro developed in the United States in the early 1930s.
It was primarily used for bush patrol, agricultural purposes and fishery control.
The helicopter is also to provide tactical transport for operations supporting national and international security efforts.
The Bell P-76 was the proposed designation for a production model derivative of the XP-39E, a single-engine United States fighter aircraft prototype of World War II.
As well as serving with both British air services, it also saw widespread but lacklustre service with the French Aéronautique Militaire.
The aircraft were used to run the main routes of the United States Air Mail service until the introduction of three-engined aircraft in 1928.
It was powered by a single 130 hp de Havilland Gipsy Major engine.
The few G.Is that were mustered into service were able to score several victories.
At this point, the Czechoslovakian War Ministry stepped in and asked Avia to cease its attempts to develop a monoplane fighter.
Although the 45-80 was the largest bush plane developed by Fairchild, its poor performance doomed the project, and nearly the company.
During the First World War the Imperial and Royal Aviation Troops lacked aircraft production capacity, purchasing aircraft from its German ally.
The private venture was financed by William Morris, Lord Nuffield.
Many elements of the Wellington were also reused in a civil derivative, the Vickers VC.1 Viking.
The Eurofighter Typhoon is a twin-engine, canard-delta wing, multirole fighter.
Unlike the Model A, it featured a true elevator carried at the tail rather than at the front.
Depending on the model, it has a range of 6,700 to 9,000 nautical miles.
It is a development of the Bell 212, with the major difference being the composite four-blade main rotor.
The aircraft entered service in March 1935 with a production run of 48 aircraft.
After reviewing multiple submissions, the G.91 was picked as the winning design of the NBMR-1 competition.
The Lake LA-250 Renegade is a six-seat amphibious utility aircraft produced in the United States since 1982.
The first prototype, named Krylia Sovietov used three French Gnome-Rhone Titan radial engines.
Something went wrong, however, and rather than burning properly, one of the rockets exploded, punching holes in both wings and setting the aircraft alight.
It utilizes a three lifting surface design consisting of a forward wing, main wing and horizontal stabilizer.
It was a somewhat unusual aircraft that carried its observer in a nacelle ahead of both wing and engine.
It was a conventional two-bay biplane of greatly uneven span, equipped with two large central floats and two outriggers.
The envelope capacity for the ZPN-1 was 875,000 cu ft and used the gas helium for lift.
The XV-3 program ended when the remaining aircraft was severely damaged in a wind tunnel accident on 20 May 1966.
This replaced the original Walter NZ 60 45 kW engine with a Walter Vega of 63 kW and was built in small numbers.
It was built and used in some numbers, especially on the Eastern Front where its range was particularly useful.
An extra passenger could also be accommodated here, beside the pilot.
The first 787 was unveiled in a roll-out ceremony on July 8, 2007 at Boeing's Everett factory.
Although intended for both Royal Air Force and Royal Navy use, the aircraft was fated not to go into series production.
The group has also claimed that it can arm the aircraft with explosives to attack Israeli targets.
It was to be similar in size to the Boeing 747, but with greater passenger capacity.
It was equipped with fixed tailskid undercarriage, and the pilot and instructor sat in tandem, open cockpits.
The aircraft was relocated there in July 1909, and tests proceeded through the summer.
The Baynes Bat was an experimental glider of the Second World War, designed by L. E. Baynes.
The visibility from the pilot's seat was also very poor.
The H-92 can also be configured for specific missions, including search and rescue and executive transportation.
The Spanish amusement park Tibidabo got a real-size replica of that plane, painted red.
A two-seater, it was developed into the four-seat S-52-2.
The Comp Air 8 is an American kit turboprop-powered light civil utility aircraft manufactured by Comp Air of Florida.
A production batch of 50 was ordered, but this was quickly reduced to just 10 machines, all of which were delivered in 1940.
The design is a development of the GZ-19 class, featuring a larger envelope to carry the "Super-Skytacular" night sign and more powerful engines.
In 1936, Luscombe designed and began flying a simplified version of the Phantom known as the Luscombe 90, or Model 4.
The Seawind design originated in Canada, where the prototype,, flew for the first time on 23 August 1982.
The PZL M28 Skytruck is a Polish STOL light cargo and passenger plane, produced by PZL Mielec, as a development of license-built Antonov An-28.
The Soko 522 was a two-seater Yugoslav military training and light attack aircraft produced in the 1950s by SOKO, in the former Yugoslavia.
The aircraft will eventually be replaced by the Boeing KC-46 Pegasus.
The U-2 has also been used for electronic sensor research, satellite calibration, and communications purposes.
The Bell 214 is a medium-lift helicopter derived from Bell Helicopter's ubiquitous UH-1 Huey series.
The Tomcat was retired from the U.S. Navy's active fleet on 22 September 2006, having been supplanted by the Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet.
The last aircraft left active-duty service in 1958 and Air National Guard service in 1959.
The wing structure was wooden with fabric and plywood covering, and the fuselage was of steel tube construction with fabric covering.
The heavier engine required larger wings, with the lower wing being placed just below the fuselage.
The Savoia-Marchetti S.74 was a four-engine airliner developed by Savoia-Marchetti for Ala Littoria.
Early Cobras had spoilers for roll control, while the Model B had traditional full three-axis control using ailerons.
The Lavochkin La-250 "Anakonda" was a high-altitude interceptor aircraft prototype developed in the Soviet Union in the 1950s.
In addition to its role as a bomber, the B-17 was also employed as a transport, antisubmarine aircraft, drone controller, and search-and-rescue aircraft.
Underneath the fuselage was a long "shoehorn"-style float, that extended forward underneath the engine and propeller.
The Caproni Vizzola C22 Ventura was a light jet-powered aircraft developed in Italy for use as a military trainer.
Saab MFI-15 Safari, also known as the Saab MFI-17 Supporter, is a propeller-powered basic trainer aircraft used by several air forces.
The Ilyushin Il-102 was an experimental jet-powered ground-attack aircraft designed by Ilyushin.
The Leduc 0.10 was a research aircraft built in France, one of the world's first aircraft to fly powered solely by a ramjet.
During the "Phoney War", the type achieved the distinction of attaining the first aerial victory of an RAF aircraft in the conflict.
Originally produced in wood, a metal version of the aircraft was also developed
In 1983, Hindustan Aeronautics bought a production licence and manufactured 125 aircraft for the Asian market sphere.
It has an operational radius of 380 kilometers and can carry a 60 kilogram payload, including EO-IR imagers, SIGINT payloads, or ECM payloads.
It had a low, swept wing, and like the Ku-2, fins at the wingtips.
The Tu-104 was the sole jetliner operating in the world between 1956 and 1958.
The Dewoitine D.332 was a 1930s French eight-passenger airliner built by Dewoitine.
The program was launched on June 5, 1963, and the FAA estimated that by 1990 there would be a market for 500 SSTs.
The plane was also slightly larger and more heavily armed, adding a synchronised forward-firing machine gun for the pilot in addition to the observer's weapon.
The Cub Cycle was scrapped and a similar but new aircraft was built with the name Skycycle.
The main units of the fixed tailskid undercarriage were divided.
The engine, however, was not sufficiently powerful to allow Giffard to fly against the wind to make a return journey.
One ship, B-20 was equipped with a special control car.
It wasn’t a lot different to me from the ’75 tour; it was the same process of workin’, you know.
The LWS-2 was the Polish air ambulance aircraft prototype, designed in the late-1930s in the LWS factory.
It participated in many airshows abroad before the war, including the 1938 National Air Races in Cleveland, Ohio.
The Yakovlev Yak-7 was developed from the earlier Yak-1 fighter, initially as a trainer but converted into a fighter.
It was designed by the LWD bureau and produced by the WSK Warszawa-Okęcie factory.
The type also entered commercial service for a number of years, where it was mainly used as a freighter.
The design was inspired by the Heath Parasol.
The SNCASE SE 100 was a French two-seat, twin-engined fighter which first flew in 1939.
With this motor, Roe was able to make several short flights in the aircraft; the first on 8 June 1908.
One eventually briefly joined the fleet of Deutsche Luft Hansa in 1937.
State officials encouraged the companies and the pueblo to seek state loans to begin production of the aircraft.
Although slight gains were made in performance, the U.S. Army Air Corps and U.S. Navy did not order the aircraft.
The Blohm & Voss BV 144 was an attempt by Germany in World War II, to develop an advanced commercial airliner for post-war service.
After a number of test flights, the rotor was replaced with a semi-rigid three-blade design and the skids with tricycle, wheeled undercarriage.
Late in the war, the design was resurrected for consideration as a Selbstopfer aircraft, but was judged unsuitable even for this purpose.
The Howard DGA-8, DGA-9, DGA-11, and DGA-12 were a family of four-place, single-engine, high-wing light monoplanes built by the Howard Aircraft Corporation, Chicago, Illinois from 1936.
It is manufactured by Eurocopter, the successor company to Aérospatiale's and DASA's respective helicopter divisions, which designate it as the EC665.
The first flight took place in 1925.
The An-2 is still produced and remains in service with military and civilian operators around the world.
Many gliding clubs operated the L-Spatz 55, well known for its easy handling, including easy recovery from a spin.
The Armstrong Whitworth AW.55 Apollo was a 1940s British four-engine turboprop airliner built by Armstrong Whitworth at Baginton.
It was a smaller and lighter machine than its predecessors and was designed specifically with private pilots in mind.
The Boeing Model 6D was an American pusher biplane flying-boat built by Boeing between 1928 and 1929.
The Boulton & Paul P.3 Bobolink was a World War I British single-engined single-seat fighter aircraft.
The Heinkel HD 35 was a trainer developed in Germany in the 1920s.
It was designed to replace the Navy's obsolete license-produced Heinkel He 55 aircraft operating from warships and shore bases.
The Percival Mew Gull was a British racing aircraft of the 1930s.
This is the first Israeli sale of military platforms to Russia.
Unlike the MiG-23, the MiG-27 did not see widespread use outside Russia, as most countries opted for the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-23BN and Sukhoi Su-22 instead.
The Douglas SBD Dauntless was a World War II American naval scout plane and dive bomber that was manufactured by Douglas Aircraft from 1940 through 1944.
Unrelated to Hopfner's other airliners of the period, the HV-6/28 was a conventional, high-wing, strut-braced monoplane with a fully enclosed cabin.
This was followed in 1930 by the S.56B, powered by the 93 kW Kinner B-5, with an enclosed cockpit.
It was the first of its kind when it flew in 1983 and is still available in plans form for homebuilding.
The Sedan was the last design that Aeronca put into production and was the largest aircraft produced by the company.
After a fifth delay, deliveries are scheduled to start by mid-2020.
The first of the Griffon-engined Spitfires flew on 27 November 1941.
Two further series were ordered by the air force and the total production of the aircraft numbered 32 aircraft between 1930 and 1932.
The fighter's primary missions are fighter escort, fleet air defense, Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses, air interdiction, close air support, and aerial reconnaissance.
It was intended to equip the clandestine air force that Germany was assembling at Lipetsk.
Three of these two-seat biplanes were built, but no contract for further production was awarded.
The B.A Swallow was a British light aircraft of the 1930s.
The Auster D.4 was a two-seat British light aircraft, a development of the Auster Arrow with a horizontally opposed Lycoming engine.
The Do 217 served on all fronts in all roles.
The Bell 430 is an American twin-engine light-medium helicopter built by Bell Helicopter.
It was powered by a single Argus As 10 engine initially, then a Gnome-Rhône 5Ke Titan engine, mounted above the wing.
Polikarpov DI-1) was a prototype Soviet two-seat fighter designed during the 1920s.
The Saunders T.1 was the first aircraft built by the Saunders Company, a two-seat single-engined biplane with unusual monocoque fuselage construction.
The Type O was the largest aircraft that had been built in the UK and one of the largest in the world.
It was a single-engine, two-seat, mid-wing, cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
The balloon reached 16,000 meters where an accidental release of hydrogen, probably caused by a faulty valve, forced it into an unexpected descent.
It is still the fastest piston-engined airplane of this size, exceeding by some 50 mph the Boeing XB-39 of 1944.
These articles present a brief history of the Spitfire through all of its variants, including many of the defining characteristics of each sub-type.
Successor models include variants of the 737 and the 757-200.
The Sikorsky S-38 was an American twin-engined eight-seat sesquiplane amphibious aircraft.
By 1913, Głowiński had broken up his plane.
The D.X participated in the second D-type contest at Adlershof in June 1918, but development ceased at the prototype stage.
It was a small, single-seat, all-metal aircraft developed from the A-11 which could optionally be fitted with that aircraft's longer-span wings.
The nacelles also housed the main undercarriage units when retracted.
It was designed by Geoffrey de Havilland for Airco, and was the first British two-seat light day-bomber to have an effective defensive armament.
The single prototype was operated by the VLS airline, but no orders for additional aircraft were received, and a refined version designated 5A-II was never built.
It was tested and found to be viable for air-fighting in the latter half of 1915 but performed poorly, necessitating the development of the AEG G.II.
Production of the Il-114 was temporarily suspended in July 2012, with the sixth and last aircraft delivered to Uzbekistan Airlines on 24 May 2013.
Two prototypes were built, the first flying in November 1965.
Launched at 2001 Paris Air Show, its first flight was on 5 May 2005 and it entered service on 15 June 2007.
The RWD 17 was a Polish aerobatics-trainer aircraft of 1937, parasol wing monoplane, constructed by the RWD team.
The Tachikawa Ki-17 was a basic training aircraft of the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force built by Tachikawa Aircraft Company Ltd in the 1930s.
It was first presented to the media on August 31, 2001.
The X-47B is a tailless jet-powered blended-wing-body aircraft capable of semi-autonomous operation and aerial refuelling.
The TR.1 also had competition successes in 1931 in the Giro Aereo del Piedmonte and the Giro Aereo d'Italia.
One of these trials was witnessed by Prince Axel of Denmark.
The Moss M.A.2 was a British light two-seat low-winged sporting monoplane of the 1930s.
The CASA C-201 Alcotán was a 1950s transport aircraft, built by CASA for the Spanish Air Force.
When it appeared in 1935, it represented a real step ahead in Italian military aviation: it was fast, well armed and had a long range.
The Avenger will use the same ground support infrastructure as the MQ-1 and MQ-9, including the ground control station and existing communications networks.
Four of its 24 original aircraft have been lost in operations.
The Zlin Z 42 is a single-engine two-seat Czechoslovakian trainer aircraft manufactured by Moravan Otrokovice.
The AAC Wamira was a turboprop military trainer aircraft, designed for the Royal Australian Air Force by the Australian Aircraft Consortium.
The Bell UH-1 Iroquois is a utility military helicopter powered by a single turboshaft engine, with two-blade main and tail rotors.
The Arrow Model F or the Arrow Sport V-8 was a two-seat low-wing braced monoplane aircraft built in the United States between 1934 and 1938.
The Kawasaki Ki-32 was a Japanese light bomber aircraft of World War II.
The Bristol Type 32 Bullet was a British biplane racing aircraft.
A second prototype flew in spring 1937, and a small series of six machines followed from 1937 to 1938.
Six were built for Bolivia in 1930, which used the survivors in the Chaco War against Paraguay.
The X-15's official world record for the highest speed ever recorded by a manned, powered aircraft, set in October 1967 when William J.
However, while these earlier aircraft were single-engine types, the M.24 had twin engines mounted in a tractor-pusher pair on struts in the interplane gap.
The Robin R.1180 Aiglon ia a French four-seat touring and training monoplane designed and built by Avions Robin.
Deactivations began in 1969 and by 1972 all Bomarc sites had been shut down.
It further exploited the wooden construction techniques that had been pioneered by the earlier de Havilland Mosquito.
Two prototypes were constructed, but the project was abandoned without the aircraft entering production.
The Vampire was the second jet fighter, after the Gloster Meteor, operated by the RAF and the first to be powered by one jet engine.
Boeing gave the aircraft the internal designation of Model 717.
The aircraft was powered by a nose-mounted Lycoming O-320 piston engine.
After the war, one or two CL.Is were converted for commercial service by enclosing the rear cockpit under a canopy.
A small number of HD.17s were exported to Estonia and Latvia.
The PZL P.1 was a Polish fighter, designed by the engineer Zygmunt Puławski, manufactured by the PZL state-owned factory.
A modified licence model was built by Oeffag for the Austro-Hungarian Air Service.
Production of the MiG-25 series ended in 1984 after completion of 1,190 aircraft.
Two twin-engined Viastras operated commercially in Australia from 1931-6; another served as a Royal transport.
Cessna describes the 206 as "the sport-utility vehicle of the air."
The HD 25 was a conventional biplane with staggered wings and twin pontoon undercarriage.
It saw service with the Royal Navy from 1958 until 1969, replaced in service by the Blackburn Buccaneer.
The Boeing CIM-10 Bomarc was a supersonic long-range surface-to-air missile used during the Cold War for the air defense of North America.
As far as possible, components from the serially-produced LS1 sailplane were used, including the fuselage forms.
In the late 1950s and early 1960s the company studied a number of models as part of a large British inter-company effort funded by the government.
The Convair YB-60 was an American prototype bomber aircraft for the United States Air Force, canceled on 14 August 1952.
The SkyEye has the common pusher-propeller twin-tailboom configuration, but it has distinctive slightly swept wings and antennas on top of the tailplanes.
One version, the C.714, saw limited production, and were assigned to Polish pilots flying in France after the fall of Poland in 1939.
Developed by Claudius Dornier Jr of Germany, it first flew in 1984.
The KC-135 was the US Air Force's first jet-powered refueling tanker and replaced the KC-97 Stratofreighter.
The M-class blimps were three hundred and ten feet long with a 117-foot long control car.
It was scrapped in September 1949 after being heavily damaged in an accident at Goose Bay Air Base, Labrador, the year before.
Production ended after just 10 gliders were built, when Rolladen-Schneider went into receivership.
Many of the V-2 components were damaged or useless.
It was also notable for being the first aircraft to be designed from the onset to be equipped with full 'blind landing' automatic landing system equipment.
The first flight of the D was in 1976.
The main customer was the Italian airline Ala Littoria.
The Huff-Daland LB-1 was an American biplane light bomber aircraft operated by the United States Army Air Service in the 1920s.
The Kamov Ka-20 was a Soviet twin-engined prototype helicopter designed and built by Kamov that led to the Ka-25 family of helicopters.
It entered service in early 1941 and by the beginning of 1942 was available in significant numbers.
Early versions of the U-2 were involved in several events through the Cold War, being flown over the Soviet Union, China, Vietnam, and Cuba.
It is catapult-launched, carries an imaging system, and appears to be recovered by parachute.
The Boeing 747 is an American wide-body commercial jet airliner and cargo aircraft, often referred to by its original nickname, Jumbo Jet.
The Pe-2 was fast, maneuverable and durable.
Elapsed time for the Avanti’s coast-to-coast trip was 3:51:52.
The Lefebvre MP.205 Busard was a single-seat racing aircraft built in France in 1975 and marketed for homebuilding.
Following trials, the Navy officially accepted the type in March 1928 and gave it the designation Type 2 Two-seat Reconnaissance Seaplane.
The Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-9 was the first turbojet fighter developed by Mikoyan-Gurevich in the years immediately after World War II.
It was the second short-haul jet airliner to enter service, following the French Sud Aviation Caravelle.
While six were built for the Royal Air Force, they were found unsuitable and were used for experimental work.
The A318 entered service in July 2003 with Frontier Airlines.
It was of slightly unusual design, with a low-profile hull and the crew compartment housed in the thick pylon that supported the wing.
The Dassault Falcon 20 is a French business jet developed and manufactured by Dassault Aviation.
It is currently manufactured by the Shenyang Aircraft Corporation.
As a consequence, the only machines available for training purposes were those that had been made obsolete or which had been damaged and rebuilt.
It was not successful, only two being completed.
Because of its ability to operate from unpaved runways, it has been useful in undeveloped areas.
All featured a dual-fuselage structure and used German Daimler-Benz engines.
The RWD 5 was a Polish touring and sports plane of 1931, a two-seat high-wing monoplane, constructed by the RWD team.
The remainder of the production run was taken over by the Luftwaffe for use as trainers.
It had an unusual design, with a high, strut-braced wing and a pusher propeller mounted behind it.
Lateral control was achieved with the tail of a Curtiss R-4.
The Pitcairn PA-19 was a four-seat autogyro developed in the United States in the early 1930s.
The type also remained in service with the RNZAF up to 1967.
The work includes new wings and engines and upgraded radars and avionics.
The ERCO Ercoupe is a low-wing monoplane aircraft that was designed and built in the United States.
The first jet fighter Royal Navy was the Sea Vampire, a naval variant which was operated from its aircraft carriers.
Early in development, plans existed to produce a turbofan-powered version of the design, but this did not happen.
In addition to the British-built aeroplanes, the Canadian Vickers company in Montreal, Quebec, built 40 Stranraers under licence for the Royal Canadian Air Force.
The single-baywings were staggered and of unequal span.
The Mooney M22 Mustang is the first attempt at a pressurized single engine aircraft by the Mooney Aircraft Company of the United States.
A developed version, the ANBO 51 followed in 1938.
The Messerschmitt Me 261 Adolfine was a long-range maritime reconnaissance aircraft designed in the late 1930s.
The Albatros Dr.II was a German prototype single-seat fighter triplane, the sole example of which flew in the spring of 1918.
The Cicaré CK.1 was a light helicopter developed in Argentina in the 1970s.
The cockpit was located in the nose of the fuselage, and was mounted forward of the delta wing, which featured downturned wing tips.
It first flew in July 2000 at Speyer in Germany.
Despite the procurement of international manufacturing agreements, no series production of the aircraft ever occurred and only three prototypes were built.
It took its name from the sea bird.
The Anahuac Tauro is a Mexican agricultural aircraft built in small numbers in the late 1960s and 1970s.
The 757 was produced in two fuselage lengths.
It is manufactured by the Progress company in Arsenyev.
216 Squadron was officially disbanded on 20 March 2014 and flew its last sorties with the TriStar on 24 March 2014.
In 1922, production shifted to a much improved version, known as the HD.14ter or HD.14/23.
The MD Helicopters MD 600N is a light utility civilian helicopter designed in the United States.
Of fibreglass construction, it features linked camber-changing flaps and airbrakes, and a retractable main and tailwheel.
Two of these had their passenger compartments replaced by mail holds, and were used on the Geneva–Bordeaux airmail route.
The CL-1200-2 was a proposed development of the X-27 for entry into the Lightweight Fighter Competition in 1972.
The Heinkel HD 26 was a reconnaissance seaplane developed in Germany during the 1920s for production in Japan.
The LFG Roland D.I was a fighter aircraft produced in Germany during World War I.
Fifty-six aircraft were built, and another 22 partially completed aircraft were destroyed in a factory fire in 1947.
The Curtiss Model E was an early aircraft developed by Glenn Curtiss in the United States in 1911.
The Harpy has been sold to several foreign nations, including South Korea, Turkey, India, and China.
A crop spraying version is under development.
It is the most-produced GA aircraft made from composite material, accounting for over 30% of the entire piston aircraft market.
The Saab 36 was a supersonic bomber planned by Saab during the 1950s.
The fuselage construction was of fabric over a steel-tube framework, and the wings were of fabric-covered wooden spars and metal ribs.
The Djinn was developed to function as a practical implementation of the earlier experimental Sud-Ouest Ariel rotorcraft.
The targets may be either military or civilian personnel.
Westland Sports Football Club is a football club based in Yeovil, Somerset England.
The Royal Australian Air Force also made extensive use of the type in the maritime anti-shipping role, such as during the Battle of the Bismarck Sea.
A 12-pounder gun was to be fitted in a special position centrally below the airship for use against U-boats.
The aircraft's initial designation was the 7E7, prior to its renaming in January 2005.
The Slingsby Type 61 Falke was a licence-built version of the Scheibe SF 25B Motor glider built by Slingsby Sailplanes.
The Simmonds Spartan is a 1920s British two-seat biplane trainer/tourer aircraft built by Simmonds Aircraft Limited.
The Fairey Primer was a production version of the Avions Fairey Tipsy M tandem seat single-engined basic trainer.
SIAI Marchetti provided funding towards the construction of the prototype, and constructed this aircraft at the former Aviamilano plant.
The Fiat CR.20 was an Italian biplane fighter used during the 1920s and 1930s.
It never flew again and was scrapped in 1937.
The DRS RQ-15 Neptune is a reconnaissance UAV developed in the United States in the early years of the 21st century.
The Beneš-Mráz Be.252 Beta-Scolar was an aerobatic aircraft manufactured in Czechoslovakia shortly before World War II.
The PZL P.6 was a Polish fighter, designed by the engineer Zygmunt Puławski, manufactured by PZL state-owned factory.
The Company announced orders for more than 100 aircraft at the NBAA 2003 Annual Conference in Orlando, Florida, and expected first flight in 2005.
The Republic XP-72 was an American prototype interceptor fighter developed as a progression of the P-47 Thunderbolt design.
For use during filming, Slingsby Sailplanes built two Slingsby T.58 Rumpler C.IV replicas.
The Hornet is also used by the air forces of several other nations and, since 1986, by the U.S. Navy's Flight Demonstration Squadron, the Blue Angels.
SSSR-V6 OSOAVIAKhIM was a semi-rigid airship constructed as part of the Soviet airship program and designed by the Italian engineer and airship designer Umberto Nobile.
It was intended both for the military and civil market, but the aircraft was only built in relatively small numbers.
After two were purchased, the designation was changed to Martin MT.
Over the next 15 years, 56 sets of plans had been sold, and at least nine Edelweisses finished and flown.
Only four of these experimental aircraft were built with three entering flight testing.
It was designed in the late 1970s as a lightweight fighter to replace the Mirage III for the French Air Force.
In May 1939, the aircraft was considered obsolete and used in fighter pilot training for the LVA Flying School.
The Seabird Seeker has had some export success, and is operated by the new Iraqi Air Force.
An EA-6B aircrew consists of one pilot and three Electronic Countermeasures Officers, though it is not uncommon for only two ECMOs to be used on missions.
The Lycoming 0-360-A engine of 180 h.p.
The Pilatus PC-6 Porter is a single-engined STOL utility aircraft designed by Pilatus Aircraft of Switzerland.
One hundred eighteen examples were built between June 1916 and December 1917.
In an attempt to increase performance, one WD.2 was built with a reduced wingspan and its Benz Bz.III engine replaced with the more powerful Mercedes D.III.
The Eclipse 400 is a single-engine very light jet that was designed by Eclipse Aviation, producer of the Eclipse 500.
These were partly accomplished by making use of newly developed jet propulsion technology.
The gondola control car, built by George Lawley & Son of Dorchester, Massachusetts, was a large rectangular box with two four-bladed propellers on outriggers.
The RF-8 Crusader was a photo-reconnaissance development and operated longer in U.S. service than any of the fighter versions.
An order for 250 was placed by the French government, but deliveries stopped after 155 aircraft were produced.
Apart from the basic J4B, versions available in 2007 included the BRC540 and J4B2.
The CANT Z.1007 Alcione was a three-engined medium bomber, with wooden structure.
The OMAC Laser 300, originally named the OMAC I was a business aircraft built in the United States in 1981 but which never reached production.
Plans were sold for home building of the aircraft.
The aircraft is designed to carry as much as 20,000 lb for a 3,200-nautical-mile range carrying beneath its 1,315 square feet of high-mounted wings.
The Schweizer SGU 1-7 is an American Open Class, single-seat, high-wing strut braced glider built by Schweizer Metal Aircraft Company of Elmira, New York.
It was first flown in September 1910.
The Canadian Forces retired the type in 1995, although CF-5s continue to be used by other countries.
The LWD Żuraw was a Polish utility and liaison aircraft prototype of 1951, high-wing monoplane with single engine, that did not enter production.
The type was retired from RAF service on 20 September 2013.
It is powered by a Soviet-built Ivchenko reciprocating engine.
Nishant has completed development phase and user trials.
Originally produced in France, manufacturing was later taken over by ABS Aircraft in Switzerland, and then by Gomolzig in Germany.
The Arsenal VG 90 was a carrier-based fighter aircraft built in France in 1949, but which was not developed past the prototype stage.
Its inverted "V" engine made it resemble its German equivalent, the Fieseler Storch.
The Type R "Mystery Ships" were a series of wire-braced, low-wing racing airplanes built by the Travel Air company in the late 1920s and early 1930s.
35 W.12s were subsequently manufactured by the Van Berkel company of Rotterdam as the W-A, serving with the Dutch Naval Air Service until 1933.
More than 600 aircraft were built, and manufacturing licenses were sold to the United Kingdom and the United States.
In 1976 Ingo Renner won the World Championship with a PIK-20B and second and third places were also taken by this type.
The S.71 was a three-engine, high-wing cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear.
It was tested in wind tunnels, but the project was scrapped in 1957 before actual production could begin.
The LUSAC-11 was an early American two-seat fighter aircraft.
On 30 August 2016, Antonov agreed to complete the second airframe for Aerospace Industry Corporation of China as a prelude to AICC commencing series production.
As of 1980, over 200 Stearmans had been modified in this way, either by American Airmotive directly, or via conversion kits that the company sold.
Production of the JJ-5 reached 1,061 when production ceased in 1986, with the type exported to a number of countries.
The Thomas-Morse S-4 Scout was an American biplane advanced trainer, operated by the United States Army and the United States Navy.
Titan is a family of U.S. expendable rockets used between 1959 and 2005.
The staggered, equal-span wings were braced with a large I-strut.
Of conventional configuration, it seated the pilot and instructor in separate, open cockpits.
One of the most widely used aircraft in former Comecon countries, the number in active service is decreasing because of political intention and noise restrictions.
It also reflected the parent company of Convair, the Atlas Corporation.
The aircraft took part in combat during the Iraq War beginning in 2003.
It was then sold for a proposed long-distance flight by J.N.
The Boeing 314 Clipper was a long-range flying boat produced by the Boeing Airplane Company between 1938 and 1941.
The Beechcraft Bonanza is an American general aviation aircraft introduced in 1947 by Beech Aircraft Corporation of Wichita, Kansas.
These airships were designated ZP2N, and re-designated in 1954 as the ZPG-2.
Its variants seat 242 to 335 passengers in typical three-class seating configurations.
The Nearchos is equipped with advanced electronics covering a variety of uses,and it has been used as a research platform for a variety of projects.
Development of the Jet-Cat resumed the following year, and the aircraft made its first flight early in 1978.
It was developed by Vickers in response to Specification B.35/46 issued by the Air Ministry for a nuclear-armed jet-powered bomber.
It uses a gasoline engine with two ducted fans to provide lift.
It would have been the largest model of the Cessna Citation family at the time.
Since then, at the hands of pilot Christoph Zahn, it has provided aerobatics demonstrations at numerous air shows.
It represented, perhaps, the most remarkable failure of any operational aircraft to see service in World War II.
The S-76 features twin turboshaft engines, four-bladed main and tail rotors and retractable landing gear.
The design used the company's experience with large scale production of the Short Sunderland.
It was a single-engine, mid-wing, cantilever monoplane of stressed-skin construction with a fixed tailwheel undercarriage and a long transparent cockpit canopy.
It is boosted into space by a launch vehicle, then re-enters Earth's atmosphere and lands as a spaceplane.
It entered service in 1976 and is the only production-built aircraft that has served in the USAF that was designed solely for CAS.
Klaus Mies from Kaiserslautern used these moulds to produce one glider of the type.
The undercarriage consisted of a single wheel mounted below the wing and a tailwheel.
It has a wingspan of over 200 feet.
The type has the distinction of being the first jet fighter to enter operational service with the FAA.
The tricycle undercarriage was not retractable, and its main units were carried on sponsons on the fuselage sides.
The Velie Monocoupe was an American general aviation aircraft manufactured from 1927-1929 by the Mono-Aircraft Corp, a division of Velie Motors Corporation,.
The Bell X-22 was an American V/STOL X-plane with four tilting ducted fans.
The Tupolev Tu-324 is a 30–50 seat regional passenger airliner.
Unlike its predecessor, the cockpits were enclosed under a long canopy.
Phoenix was 'zero-length' launch being projected into the air from a launch-rail mounted on the back of a truck.
Tupolev TB-6 was a proposal for a 1930s heavy bomber that did not advance beyond blueprints.
The Bristol Type 163 Buckingham was a British Second World War medium bomber for the Royal Air Force.
The pilot's position was fully exposed at the front of the aircraft.
This arrangement was found to offer far better visibility for the pilot, and formed the basis for the Morane-Saulnier L.
Kress had originally intended to have an engine specially built, calculating that he needed 37 kW from an engine weighing not more than 220 kg.
Production problems and lack of available armament delayed entry of the IAR 80 into service until 1941.
Although it flew nearly a year after the de Havilland Comet, it represented an experimental programme and was never intended for commercial use.
The craft carried its own collapsible mooring mast which allowed it to "land" anywhere that 250 ft × 250 ft of clear ground was available.
Originally powered by a radial piston engine, most examples produced since the 1980s have been turboprop-powered.
It was the first Australian-built sailplane to compete in the World Gliding Championships, 1963 in Argentina.
The Keystone LB-5 was a bomber aircraft produced in the United States in the late 1920s.
The B-29 production total was 3,970 aircraft.
After nearly a year, an order for 10 aircraft was placed, which were delivered to the air force's pilot training school at Tecuci.
The Saab 32 Lansen was a two-seat, transonic military aircraft designed and manufactured by Saab from 1955 to 1960 for the Swedish Air Force.
It is sold by Alisport ready-to-fly or kit-built as pure glider or self-launching glider.
Still in production, the Islander is one of the best-selling commercial aircraft types produced in Europe.
It is intended to replace the Sukhoi Su-24 and first entered service in 2014 with the Russian Air Force.
The Grumman TB2F was a cancelled twin-engined torpedo bomber project, intended as Grumman's successor to the successful TBF Avenger.
In 1927, the Paraguayan Military Aviation School received three HD.32 that were intensively used as primary trainers.
It is a low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with fixed, tailwheel undercarriage.
Design work was done at the Avion Corporation, which in 1929, became the Northrop Aircraft Corporation based in Burbank, California.
The airship carried a crew of 21 to 25 and had an endurance capability of over 200 hours.
On 5 October Blériot began taxying trials at Issy-les-Moulineaux.
It was subsequently also manufactured under licence in Canada, and in Japan as the Nakajima Ki-6.
The SOCATA Rallye is a light aircraft that was manufactured by French aviation company SOCATA.
However, sales of the type declined due to intense competition within the regional aircraft market.
The Miles M.14 Magister is a British two-seat monoplane basic trainer aircraft built by the Miles Aircraft for the Royal Air Force and Fleet Air Arm.
It was originally given the designation XBLR-2.
The Nikitin NV-1 was a single-seat sporting aircraft produced in the USSR in 1933.
Although the technical winner of eleven submissions, follow-on testing and production for the P.1154 did not proceed as a result of political strife.
During the Chinese-Western rapprochement, one Z-5 was refitted with a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6T-6 "Twin Pac" turbo-shaft engine in 1979.
The Friedrichshafen FF.60 was a German experimental floatplane produced by Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen.
The A-10 also participated in other conflicts such as Operation Urgent Fury in Grenada, the Balkans, Afghanistan, Iraq, and against ISIL in the Middle East.
The structure was a wooden frame covered with a metal skin.
The Allied reporting name was "Tojo"; the Japanese Army designation was "Army Type 2 Single-Seat Fighter".
The Avro Type F was an early single seat British aircraft from Avro.
They were operated as training and liaison aircraft as well for coastal patrol over the shores of the Baltic.
First flown commercially in 1970, the 747 held the passenger capacity record for 37 years.
Plans for two versions were produced, the MJ-10, at 3/4 scale, and the MJ-100, at full-scale.
The Caudron R.6 was a French reconnaissance aircraft of World War I.
Construction throughout was of plywood, and the wings were interchangeable, as were the tail panels.
After the war, some were modified as transports for important officials, and a few others were used in various Soviet testing programs.
The 2-8 became one of the most popular post war trainers in the USA.
A second aircraft, completed in 2014 and named Solar Impulse 2, carries more solar cells and more powerful motors, among other improvements.
The Bartel BM 1 Maryla, originally Bartel M.1 was a fighter aircraft design for the Polish military that did not advance beyond the design stage.
A further development designated SP.5 remained unbuilt by the end of the war.
Two versions were built; the G-63 Kitten I with a retractable tailwheel landing gear, and G-72 Kitten II with a retractable nosewheel landing gear.
The Ikarus 214 was a military aircraft produced in Yugoslavia in the early 1950s.
The CAMS 30E was a two-seat flying boat trainer built in France in the early 1920s.
USAF F-111 variants were retired in the 1990s, with the F-111Fs in 1996 and EF-111s in 1998.
The Bell XP-52 and subsequent XP-59 were World War II fighter aircraft design projects by the American Bell Aircraft Corporation.
The Bristol M.R.1 was an experimental biplane with an aluminium monocoque fuselage and metal wings, produced by Bristol during the First World War.
It featured a data-link system and miniaturized electronics that fed live and high-resolution video coverage of the targeted area to operators.
The Fokker E.III was the main variant of the Eindecker fighter aircraft of World War I.
The Chu Hummingbird was an experimental co-axial helicopter developed by Chinese aviation engineer Major General C.J.
The SO.6000 design began in 1943, as a clandestine project due to the German occupation, under engineer Lucien Servanty.
The Birdman TL-1 was an extremely minimalist aircraft sold in kit form in the United States in the mid-1970s for US$1,395.
The following Christmas, another F.XVIII made a similar flight to Curaçao in 55 hours 58 minutes after having been specially re-engined for the journey.
Construction throughout was all-metal, and like it predecessor, its horizontal stabiliser was mounted high to avoid gasses from the underwing cannons.
H-34s served, mostly as medium transports, on every continent with the armed forces of twenty-five countries.
They were so called, because the first three aircraft of the series were built entirely in secrecy.
The line's combination of a powerful engine, rugged construction and a large cabin has made these aircraft popular bush planes.
The PZL.23 Karaś was a Polish light bomber and reconnaissance aircraft designed in the early 1930s by PZL in Warsaw.
This version and the definitive Baby IIb that followed were adopted as standard sailplane trainers for the German Air Sports Association.
The Manzolini Libellula was a 1950s Italian co-axial twin-rotor helicopter designed by Ettore Manzolini.
The undercarriage was of fixed, tailskid type with divided main units.
Also like its predecessor, the basic airliner model provided the basis for a long-range aircraft to be used in record attempts, the 191GR.
A single-engined biplane, the Hyena was designed against an RAF requirement, but was unsuccessful with only two being built, the Armstrong Whitworth Atlas being preferred.
The Britten-Norman BN-2 Islander is a 1960s British light utility aircraft, regional airliner and cargo aircraft designed and originally manufactured by Britten-Norman of the United Kingdom.
Criticism over the Marut's cost and lack of capability in comparison to contemporary aircraft were often made.
It was a conventional two-bay biplane design with tractor-mounted engines, and a conventional empennage with twin fins and rudders.
The JetStar was the first dedicated business jet to enter service.
The Fuji LM-1 Nikko is a Japanese light communications aircraft of the 1950s.
Production is in Novosibirsk, Russia, but some crucial parts are also made in Ukraine and Belarus.
The aircraft was both over weight and too heavy in the front.
It was the largest transport designed and built by Fokker.
The aircraft suffered from an extremely prolonged development, but finally took to the air on 20 July 1982.
The Eurocopter EC225 Super Puma is a long-range passenger transport helicopter developed by Eurocopter as the next generation of the civilian Super Puma family.
The longest known cross-country flight was more than 600 km from Burg Feuerstein, Germany to France.
The design was initially marketed under the name of Aviocar, but EADS-CASA no longer uses that name in referring to the C-212.
The Cessna Model 411 is a 1960s American twin-engined, propeller driven light aircraft built by Cessna Aircraft.
It was purchased by the United States from the Italian government for $250,000 in 1921.
Although only a few MiG-29M aircraft were built, they have served as prototypes for the development of the latest, most advanced Fulcrum variant, the MiG-35.
On 14 May that year, a few surviving S.IVs escaped to France alongside some S.IX trainers, but never flew again.
A further development, the I 79, was in development in 1979, and featured tanks for water ballast as well as hydraulically operated flaps, undercarriage, and airbrakes.
One LeO H.242 features at the end of Hergé's The Adventures of Tintin comic King Ottokar's Sceptre.
In May 1938, the contract for Hs 127 development was cancelled by the RLM and the third prototype was not finished.
New Solents were used by BOAC and TEAL, production ending in 1949.
The X-37 is operated by the United States Air Force for orbital spaceflight missions intended to demonstrate reusable space technologies.
The 3 SST's were transferred to the Army in 1919-1920.
The Dash 80 first flew in 1954, less than two years from project launch.
It was intended that the aircraft would be built in France under licence as the Lignel VEMA-51 but in the end none were built.
The engine was replaced with an AR.1 rotary engine and retested in May 1917.
For the unrelated 1917 prototype design, see Bristol Scout F
A handful of ex-military Stirlings were rebuilt for the civil market.
The Waco A series is a range of light American-built twin side-by-side seater sporting biplanes of the early 1930s.
In the history of the prize, dozens of teams have designed and built human-powered helicopters, although few have made it airborne.
A shorter tapered "racing wing" was installed afterward with leading and trailing edge flaps interconnected with landing gear deployment.
Many versions saw extensive action in Spain, the Republic of China, Mongolia, Finland and at the beginning of World War II against Germany in 1941.
It had a single three-blade rotor originally powered by a 75 horsepower engine.
Again, it was not capable of take-off under its own power, and had to be carried aloft and released.
The UK, through British Aerospace, re-joined the improved Harrier project as a partner in 1981, giving it a significant work-share in the project.
Seven units were constructed by CAB before the rights to the design were sold to Gardan's former employer, who developed the design into the SIPA 1000.
The aircraft was primarily used by wealthy passengers who could afford to pay a high price in exchange for Concorde's speed and luxury service.
Another, with the registration D-8002, flew in Southern Germany until it was destroyed by the collapse of the hangar wherein it was stored.
It won the £1,000 pound prize for second place at the Lympne light aircraft trials in October 1924.
The helicopter was introduced to U.S. Army service in April 1986.
Like the SAI.1, it was designed to participate in the Avioraduno del Littorio rally of 1935.
Specifications or photos of the program have not been released to the public yet; as a result not much is known about its goals.
Although innovative, only a small number of the aircraft were produced for the Royal Canadian Air Force, and for commercial operators worldwide.
Quantities of the resulting fighter are planned at 120 for the ROK Air Force and 80 for the Indonesian Air Force.
The French aircraft manufacturer Caudron made this aircraft between 1922 and 1924.
The Saab 21R was a Swedish twin-boom fighter/attack aircraft made by Saab.
It has served in a wide array of roles, being able to perform both air and ground attack duties; the type was used extensively in Vietnam.
Another attempt to replace the An-2 on Soviet farms was made in the 1970s with the WSK-Mielec M-15 Belphegor, but it failed.
The Mirage 2000 evolved into a multirole aircraft with several variants developed, with sales to a number of nations.
It featured a more powerful engine and incorporated the aerodynamic changes made on the AB-115 and improved on them.
Shortly after the Championships ended, promotional flights were arranged to enable top pilots to fly this aircraft.
It was designed by aerospace engineer Burt Rutan for the Rutan Aircraft Factory.
The Heinkel design announced the winner in 1931, on the condition that Aichi would address some shortcomings, particularly a lack of range.
Not long after, it was damaged beyond repair and abandoned.
The E-6B replaced Air Force EC-135Cs in the "Looking Glass" role, providing command and control of U.S. nuclear forces should ground-based control become inoperable.
The Mini Guppy is one of the Guppy line of aircraft produced by Aero Spacelines.
The 20 and 23 meter variants can be equipped with a 42-kW electric motor and SAFT VL 41M lithium-ion batteries.
It was Louis Breguet's first fixed-wing aircraft design.
The second Supertanker was based on a 747-100 originally manufactured by Boeing in 1971 for Delta Air Lines.
Both the V-173 and the XF5U featured an unorthodox "all-wing" design consisting of flat, somewhat disk-shaped bodies serving as the lifting surface.
The Avia B-34 was a biplane fighter aircraft built in Czechoslovakia in the early 1930s.
A Royal New Zealand Air Force Beaver supported Sir Edmund Hillary's expedition to the South Pole.
In 1956, Robert Ludvigovich Bartini approached the Beriev design bureau with a proposal for a Wing-In-Ground effect vehicle .
The Harbin Y-12 is a high wing twin-engine turboprop utility aircraft built by Harbin Aircraft Industry Group.
Both aircraft are notable in featuring an S-duct central engine.
However, these refinements made the aircraft too heavy to fly with its 37 kW engine.
It was a conventional single-bay biplane design with seating for the pilot and observer in tandem, open cockpits.
They were the last such aircraft ever built, and in terms of their length and volume, the largest Zeppelins ever to fly.
The work was undertaken by the Vazduhoplovno Tehnicki Institut of Belgrade, the former Yugoslavia's main military-technical institute, but cancelled just before production began in 1991.
It was produced in Germany between 1984 and 1995 but has continued in production in the Czech Republic.
The MX2 has been used by competitors in the annual Red Bull Air Race World Championship.
The pilot and a gunner sat in tandem open cockpits at the bow.
Indigenously developed in Sweden, the Draken was introduced into service with the Royal Swedish Air Force on 8 March 1960.
In 1935, these were followed by thirty examples of an improved version, the PL.101, which replaced the original PL.10s in service aboard the carrier.
The SAI KZ I was a sport aircraft built in Denmark in 1937, the first aircraft built by the Kramme & Zeuthen firm.
The C-5 Galaxy's development was complicated, including significant cost overruns, and Lockheed suffered significant financial difficulties.
The Abrams P-1 Explorer was American purpose-designed aerial photography and survey aircraft that first flew in November 1937.
The Mi version is powered by a 41 kW Wankel engine.
The Messerschmitt Me 321 Gigant was a large German cargo glider developed and used during World War II.
Boeing is designing and will fabricate a production SkyHook HLV prototype at its Rotorcraft Systems facility in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania.
The Hispano Aviación HA-1109 and HA-1112 are license-built versions of the Messerschmitt Bf 109G-2 developed in Spain during and after World War II.
The Gotha G.II series was a heavy bomber used by the Luftstreitkräfte during World War I.
The MiG-15 remains in service with the Korean People's Army Air Force as an advanced trainer.
It was developed for the United States Air Force from the 1980s to the early 1990s by McDonnell Douglas.
Wingtip extensions to 17 metres were offered in 1978.
By 2011 the aircraft was being produced by Design Office Bogumil Beres.
Unlike previous aircraft by this manufacturer, it also featured tricycle undercarriage, but retained the same general high-wing configuration.
It had also been intended to fit a bomb load of two 520 lb bombs and four 230 lb bombs.
The Cessna Model DC-6 was a 1920s American high-wing four-seat tourer built by the Cessna Aircraft Company.
Originally designed for the Soviet Union, development later continued for use by the Russian Air Force until it was eventually cancelled.
Its Navy designations were "P2M" and "Q2M".
The Northrop F-20 Tigershark was a privately financed light fighter, designed and built by Northrop.
The Puma was originally built by Sud Aviation of France, and continued to be made by Aérospatiale.
The confusion arises because design work began in 1934 at the BFW firm and, as was customary, the model was designated by the prefix Bf.
It used a gimbaled EO/IR sensor to relay its video in real time via a second airborne Hunter over a C-band line-of-sight data link.
The Seversky P-35 was an American fighter aircraft built by the Seversky Aircraft Company in the late 1930s.
It was the first military aeroplane to be mass-produced in Germany.
The Handley Page Basic Trainer was a British training aircraft of the 1940s.
Panfillo Villaruel, the man who designed the aircraft, and the one who also contributed to the creation of the first indigenous Filipino-made helicopter, the PADC Hummingbird.
The Dornier Do J Wal was a twin-engine German flying boat of the 1920s designed by Dornier Flugzeugwerke.
One of the three machines was fitted with a Packard DR-980 diesel engine and designated the C-2.
Hermann Winter as a fool-proof trainer for novice student pilots to experience solo flight.
The IAR 80 was a Romanian World War II low-wing monoplane, all-metal monocoque fighter and ground-attack aircraft.
The second prototype from Tupolev was never completed.
It was a low-wing twin-engine monoplane intended to seat six people or for airmail use.
The Kamov Ka-40 is reported to be a new anti-submarine helicopter based on the Ka-27 and has been under development since 1990.
The Allied reporting name for the type was "Emily".
The Caproni Ca.18 was a military reconnaissance aircraft built in Italy shortly prior to World War I.
The Agusta A129 Mangusta is an attack helicopter originally designed and produced by Italian company Agusta.
The flight of Flyer I marks the beginning of the "pioneer era" of aviation.
General Innis P. Swift, commander of the 1st Cavalry Division, coined the 'grasshopper' name after witnessing a bumpy landing.
The upshot of this was that the GA-43 became the first aircraft produced by North American.
The Vixen also formed the basis of the closely related Venture and Valparaiso aircraft, which were also built and sold in small numbers in the 1920s
As of 2013, two Meteors, WL419 and WA638, remain in active service with the Martin-Baker company as ejection seat testbeds.
The United Consultants Twin Bee is an American twin-engined light amphibian aircraft of the 1960s.
The Dragon Eye aircraft is used primarily for scouting urban areas, and is especially useful in urban assaults.
The D.Va continued in operational service until the end of the war.
It was designed to provide close air support for the Soviet Ground Forces.
Both radars used pulse-Doppler technology, with Westinghouse's design emerging as the contract winner.
Construction was of wood throughout, skinned in plywood.
The PT-1 had a retractable tailwheel landing gear and was powered by a 130 hp Franklin 6AC-2980D engine.
The Caproni Ca.1 was an Italian heavy bomber of the World War I era.
Accordingly, initial production units were equipped with the Thomson-CSF Cyrano IV monopulse radar.
The single prototype was under construction by Jim Bede when his company, Bede Aircraft, faced bankruptcy in 1977.
First flown in 1959, the PC-6 continues in production at Pilatus Flugzeugwerke in Stans, Switzerland.
It was a conventional biplane design with staggered wings, and seated the pilot and observer in tandem in an open cockpit.
It was a low-wing monoplane with a graceful, elliptical wing, and fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
The Mercator was an unsuccessful contender for a United States Navy requirement for a long-range maritime patrol bomber, with the Lockheed P2V Neptune chosen instead.
The Pup's docile flying characteristics also made it ideal for use in aircraft carrier deck landing and takeoff experiments.
Major users of the design have included the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia, the Australian Army and the Australian Customs Service.
The undercarriage consisted of a single mainwheel under the fuselage pod, a small tailwheel not far behind it, and outrigger wheels on the wingtips.
The 32nd Regiment Royal Artillery also uses the Desert Hawk UAV.
The Bateleur is an unmanned aerial vehicle prototype designed and built by Denel Dynamics.
Model 44s became the dominant racers of the 1930s, setting innumerable records including setting a new world speed record in 1933.
A passenger-only version was also produced, known as the Wayfarer.
The F-16 has an internal M61 Vulcan cannon and 11 locations for mounting weapons and other mission equipment.
The Northrop XP-79 was an ambitious design for a flying wing fighter aircraft, designed by Northrop.
It is a larger version of the Short 330.
The YF-22 won the contest against the Northrop YF-23, and entered production as the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor.
It is the first airliner with the use of composite materials as the primary material in the construction of its airframe.
The Latécoère 17 was a French airliner built in 1923 for use on Latécoère's own airline on routes between France and Morocco.
Total production of all types was 55 aircraft, 35 of which were Continental powered OW-5M models.
Two examples were built - a single-seat machine and a two-seater.
The Viscount was well received by the public for its cabin conditions, which included pressurisation, reductions in vibration and noise, and panoramic windows.
The Fiat CR.25 was an Italian twin-engine reconnaissance-bomber fighter aircraft which served in small numbers for the Regia Aeronautica during World War II.
Construction was primarily of wood with metal confined to fittings and a few highly stressed parts.
The first aircraft designed by Willy Messerschmitt after World War II, it was a conventional, low-wing cantilever monoplane with retractable tricycle undercarriage.
The de Havilland DH.53 Humming Bird is a British light aircraft of the 1920s.
The system was operated by the 32nd Regiment Royal Artillery.
They were used as light passenger and utility transports, navigational trainers, bushplanes and briefly as maritime reconnaissance aircraft during World War 2.
It has continued in civilian use as an aerobatics and Warbird performer.
The Thunderceptor's design meant the entire wing stalled smoothly, more like a straight-wing design.
The Focke-Wulf Fw 61 is often considered the first practical, functional helicopter, first flown in 1936.
The Lockheed F-94 Starfire was a first-generation jet aircraft of the United States Air Force.
The program was named Fightinghawk in recognition of the F-16 Fighting Falcon, which was the source of its new avionics.
The pilot sat in an open cockpit and the undercarriage was of fixed, tailskid type.
The first production aircraft was delivered in 2008.
It was the main army cooperation plane in the Invasion of Poland.
Idflieg designated the first three V.5 aircraft F.I, but all subsequent triplanes were designated Dr.I.
The AW.681 was designed to meet the NATO specification NBMR-4.
Despite its wooden structure it was able to operate in very rough seas.
Construction was metal throughout, with corrugated duralumin skin.
The Vickers Warwick was a multi-purpose twin-engined British aircraft developed and operated during the Second World War.
The SSZ non-rigid airships or "blimps" were developed in United Kingdom during World War I from the earlier SS class.
Production continued after Albatros was absorbed by Focke-Wulf.
The DFS-230 had the highest glide ratio of any World War 2 military glider other than the Antonov A-7.
The A380 made its first flight on 27 April 2005 and entered commercial service on 25 October 2007 with Singapore Airlines.
By 1978, 200 sets of kits for the plane had been sold, and 100 Kingfishers were reported to be under construction.
On 20 September 1945, a heavily modified Meteor I, powered by two Rolls-Royce Trent turbine engines driving propellers, became the first turboprop aircraft to fly.
At the same time, a second PA-18 was under restoration by the Posey Brothers firm at the Trenton-Robbinsville Airport.
The Vought O2U Corsair was a 1920s biplane scout and observation aircraft.
The Bellanca Aircruiser and Airbus were high-wing, single-engine aircraft built by Bellanca Aircraft Corporation of New Castle, Delaware.
The Austin A.F.T.3 Osprey was a prototype British fighter triplane of the First World War.
The Nakajima Ki-4Kyūyon-shiki teisatsuki was the last biplane reconnaissance aircraft of the Japanese Imperial Army.
The company Acro Sport maintains the rights to the design, and sells plans so the aircraft can be amateur-built.
The P.100 had two seats, arranged side-by-side, while the P.110 had its fuselage stretched by 50 cm to include a third seat and a greater wingspan.
It was one of the smallest and lightest major combat fighters fielded by any combatant during the war.
However, unlike the smaller Wellington bomber, development of the Warwick was protracted by a lack of suitable high-powered engines with which to power the type.
The Douglas F3D Skyknight was a United States twin-engined, mid-wing jet fighter aircraft manufactured by the Douglas Aircraft Company in El Segundo, California.
The uncovered wood box-girder fuselage, typical of early aircraft, was later covered.
The X-26 Frigate is the longest-lived of the X-plane programs.
The J-9 designation is frequently confused with the much later Chengdu FC-1 fighter which is sometimes informally referred to as J-9 by aviation enthusiasts.
The Curtiss XBTC was an experimental single-seat, single-engine torpedo bomber aircraft developed during World War II.
Another redesign ensued, resulting in the Do 23, which later served in World War II in the Czech branch of the Luftwaffe.
It was a single-seat monoplane with a composite structure and wooden wings.
Further refinements were made, and the model won both the men's and women's team prizes at the 1986 World Aerobatics Championships.
Air interdiction missions are conducted against planned targets and targets of opportunity.
The Constellation was used as a civil airliner and as a military and civilian air transport, seeing service in the Berlin and the Biafran airlifts.
The aircraft was not selected and only two examples were completed.
The aircraft achieved notoriety in 1928 when aircraft number 47.02 disappeared with the explorer Roald Amundsen on a rescue mission for the Italian explorer Umberto Nobile.
It has an empty weight of 157 kg and a maximum take-off weight of 269 kg.
The B.35 was an elegant, low-wing monoplane with an elliptical wing.
The Vickers Type 121 Wibault Scout was a British fighter built by Vickers in the 1920s.
This aircraft was shipped back to the Naval Aircraft Factory in the United States, where it was dismantled for study, reassembled, and test flown.
The Tupolev ANT-25 was a Soviet long-range experimental aircraft which was also tried as a bomber.
The Leopoldoff Colibri is a French-built light sporting and trainer biplane of the 1930s.
The Piper PT-1 was a 1940s American two-seat primary training monoplane designed and built by Piper Aircraft at Lock Haven.
The Avro 627 Mailplane was a British biplane developed in 1931 by Avro from the Avro Antelope bomber as a mail plane for use in Canada.
It was replaced by the more modern Grumman E-2 Hawkeye by the 1970s.
The Reid and Sigrist R.S.3 was a British twin-engined, three-seat advanced trainer developed in the Second World War for postwar use.
Digital compass headings were superimposed on the imagery and the controller could add verbal comments.
The model has seen long-term service with some 42 countries, with some European airlines having scheduled as many as 12 daily takeoffs and landings per plane.
The Kaman K-MAX is an American helicopter with intermeshing rotors by Kaman Aircraft.
Originally designed and built by the CVV -, production aircraft were to have been built by Agusta, but for lack of interest.
It was put into a suborbital trajectory by a K65M-RB5 rocket launched from Kapustin Yar, near Volga, towards Lake Balkhash.
Israeli Phantoms saw extensive combat in several Arab–Israeli conflicts, while Iran used its large fleet of Phantoms in the Iran–Iraq War.
A preserved example is on display at San Francisco International Airport.
The AW109 has been in continuous production for 40 years.
It was developed from the Bartini Stal-7 prototype airliner before the war.
The two-seat tandem cockpit and canopy design were derived from Grob Twin Astir sailplane, and the nosewheel of the tricycle undercarriage is retractable.
From 1945, many civil airlines operated the DC-4 worldwide.
The aircraft had a fuselage of tubular framework and accommodation for its pilot in a helicopter-like bubble canopy.
By using both helium and helicopter rotors, the aircraft can avoid having to jettison helium after unloading.
Available either factory-built or as a kit, it was intended to be both a cost-effective trainer and an affordable aircraft for private owners.
There is also a helicopter named PZL Kania.
The Campania was the first aeroplane ever designed specifically for carrier operations.
The Ilyushin Il-6 was a Soviet long-range bomber developed from the Ilyushin Il-4 during 1942.
It was the only aircraft to participate in both the bombing of Hiroshima and the bombing of Nagasaki, albeit as an observation aircraft on each mission.
Some builders utilize the wings from a Piper Cub rather than making their own.
It was a four-engined biplane developed from the Blériot 115 and 135, but larger than these aircraft.
The order was then dropped in favour of licence production of the Hawker Hurricane by SABCA.
The Boeing XP-7 was a prototype United States biplane fighter of the 1920s.
Its first flight was in 1940, but problems with the design hampered development, and it remained only marginally stable throughout the prototype phase.
The General Aircraft GAL.33 Cagnet was a British light trainer aircraft designed by General Aircraft Ltd which flew from 1939 to 1941.
It was a single-engine parasol-wing monoplane of conventional configuration that seated the pilot and passenger in tandem, open cockpits.
The Keystone B-6 was a biplane bomber developed for the United States Army Air Corps.
Otherwise it was identical to the 1905 airplane.
It began as a fast civilian mail plane.
Since the cancellation, the prototypes have been placed on display.
The LM-100J is set to start production in 2018-2019.
The U.S. Navy had no experience with airships and it seems neither had any of the principles of Connecticut Aircraft Company.
The Lancair 360 is similar, but with a more powerful engine.
It was the USSR's first wide-body and the world's second four-engined wide-body.
The KC-10 plays a key role in the mobilization of US military assets, taking part in overseas operations far from home.
It was a twin-engine, low-wing monoplane with a retractable undercarriage, and a tailwheel.
It was fitted with fixed tailwheel undercarriage, the main units of which were covered by long, "trouser"-style fairings.
A few operational examples supplemented the very similar Nieuport 24bis in operational squadrons in late 1917 but most examples of the type served as advanced trainers.
The arrow, given to Abaris by the sun-god Apollo, conferred upon its bearer the power of flight.
In 1963, the last remaining Lancasters were retired by the RCAF.
The Convair XGAM-71 Buck Duck was a decoy missile that was developed by Convair in the late 1950s.
It was aerodynamically and structurally advanced for its time, a clean, low-wing all-metal cantilever monoplane.
The aircraft is powered by a modified Continental O-200 piston engine.
The Tu-160M modernisation programme has begun with the first updated aircraft delivered in December 2014.
It was conceived in 1927 by Pavel Sukhoi as his first aircraft design for Tupolev, the first Soviet all-metal fighter.
The Lincoln attained operational status in August 1945.
A separate tail fin was carried at the end of two booms mounted to stub wings.
The Airspeed AS.51 Horsa was a British troop-carrying glider used during the Second World War.
It first flew on 8 July 1981 as a 22-metre glider.
This feature allowed the aircraft to cruise at an altitude of 20,000 ft, well above many weather disturbances.
Between 1911 and 1914, the Royal Aircraft Factory used the F.E.2 designation for three quite different aircraft that shared only a common "Farman" pusher biplane layout.
It was unveiled on 24 May 2009.
Designed specifically for the Schneider Trophy competition, the S.5 was the progenitor of a line of racing aircraft that ultimately led to the Supermarine Spitfire.
The design of this plane is based on the EMB 110 Bandeirante, using its wing and engine design merged with an all-new fuselage.
It is the world's first commuter trijet.
The Junkers G.38 was a large German four-engined transport aircraft which first flew in 1929.
The General Aircraft GAL.45 Owlet was a 1940s British single-engined trainer aircraft built by General Aircraft Limited at London Air Park, Hanworth.
The Archer was discontinued in 2009, but with investment from new company ownership, the model was put back into production in 2010.
In 2003, Sukhoi embarked on a second modernization of the Su-27 to serve as an interim aircraft awaiting the upcoming Sukhoi PAK FA.
This new aircraft was a parasol-wing monoplane of conventional configuration with an enclosed cabin for five passengers and an open cockpit for the pilot.
The Bleriot-SPAD S.33 was a small French airliner developed soon after World War I.
The Schempp-Hirth Ventus-2 is a sailplane produced by Schempp-Hirth since 1994.
Due to "Ford Tri-Motor" licensing problems, the Ford 15-AT-D was given the Bushmaster 2000 name.
Its first flight was on 21 January 1952.
The details of the F-16 variants, along with major modification programs and derivative designs significantly influenced by the F-16, are described below.
The Schleicher ASK 23 is a single-seat Club Class sailplane that was built by the German manufacturer Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co.
If produced, it would have been one of the first British pressurised airliners.
The Blériot V was an early French aircraft built by Louis Blériot in 1907, and was one of the first monoplanes, ).
It continues the successful French Apex Aircraft's Robin R2000 series acquired upon Apex's purchase of the Avions Robin company.
The Beriev A-50 is a Soviet airborne early warning and control aircraft based on the Ilyushin Il-76 transport.
Two wings were designed, one based on the Cub wing, and another as a modernised version of the Pietenpol wing.
It features a steel tube fuselage and an aluminum frame wing, covered with fabric, much like Piper's most famous aircraft, the Cub and Super Cub.
Although the machine made a few hops, it would not fly.
Altogether there were 15 Thulin LAs built.
The Model 307 had capacity for a crew of six and 33 passengers.
It is still occasionally used as a primary training aircraft, particularly for those pilots wanting to gain experience before moving on to other tailwheel aircraft.
The vertical stabiliser was very small, but aft of the cockpit, the fuselage changed shape from being low and broad to being high and narrow.
Designed by Charles Seibel, the S-4 was evaluated by the United States Army under the designation YH-24 Sky Hawk, but would be rejected for service.
The Albatros L 69 was a two-seat German parasol monoplane racing and training aircraft of 1925.
It was a private venture by the German Heinkel company in accordance with director Ernst Heinkel's emphasis on developing technology for high-speed flight.
Engine development problems prevented it from taking part.
It was a single-seat, low-wing cantilever monoplane with retractable landing gear.
Its secondary mission is to provide forward air controller – airborne support, by directing other aircraft in attacks on ground targets.
CAP continued manufacturing the type under the designation CAP-4.
The type entered operational service in 1961, and had a service life in excess of 40 years before being retired in Britain.
The 1-26 is the most numerous sailplane found in the US.
The Harbin Y-11 is a high wing twin-engine piston utility aircraft built by Harbin Aircraft Manufacturing Corporation.
It was powered by an 80 hp engine with the Euler patented machine gun on the front.
The SZD-30 Pirat is a single-seat multi-purpose glider aircraft from the Polish firm PZL Bielsko, which first flew in 1966 and was produced beginning in 1967.
The DH.4 was tried with several engines, of which the best was the 375 hp Rolls-Royce Eagle engine.
It was a single-seat, single-engine biplane of mixed construction.
Originally known by its company designation KDA-2, it was accepted by the Imperial Japanese Army as the Type 88 Reconnaissance Aircraft.
At least some of the LVG and Aviatik machines had been completed before the Armistice, with some reaching operational service.
The Supermarine Seafire was a naval version of the Supermarine Spitfire adapted for operation from aircraft carriers.
The Laville PS-89, also known as the ZIG-1, was an airliner produced in small numbers in the Soviet Union in the 1930s.
It was later converted to a twin-float configuration and bought by the British Admiralty.
Intended as a fast climbing interceptor for Britain's Royal Air Force, the DH.77 was a lightweight low-wing monoplane powered by a relatively low power engine.
It was a conventional, low-wing cantilever monoplane with a cockpit enclosed by a bubble canopy.
Compared to its predecessor, it featured a strengthened fuselage, longer nose, a vastly updated cockpit, advanced avionics, and a more powerful engine.
Two were built but insufficient torsional stiffness in the wings led to control problems and the DH.52 was rapidly abandoned.
The Beluga XL, based on the Airbus A330 with similar modifications and dimensions, is being developed by Airbus to replace the type around 2020.
The Arado Ar 79 was a German aircraft of the 1930s, designed as an aerobatic two-seat trainer and touring aircraft.
The Nikitin NV-5, was a tandem-seat trainer aircraft designed and produced in the USSR from 1934.
Originally designated the TB-7, the aircraft was renamed the Pe-8 after its primary designer, Vladimir Petlyakov, died in a plane crash in 1942.
The contest was eventually won by the Messerschmitt Bf 109, and the Ar 80 prototypes ended their days as test aircraft.
The Caproni Ca.3 was an Italian heavy bomber of World War I and the postwar era.
Unable to stick to the tight development schedule that its backers demanded, Trek Aerospace lost funding, forcing reorganization in 2003.
Examples of the Moni are on display at the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center of the National Air and Space Museum, and the EAA AirVenture Museum.
It carried an armament of two synchronised 7.7mm guns and was lost later in 1928 after failing to recover from a flat spin.
The Council of Ministers issued a directive to OKB-115, for a transonic bomber prototype to be submitted for State Acceptance Trials in July 1954.
The SM-6000 was a high-wing braced monoplane with room for a pilot and a cabin for ten passengers.
Further developments included the J3, J5 and J6.
The only surviving Model 44 is on display at the Crawford Auto-Aviation Museum, Cleveland, Ohio.
The Koolhoven F.K.58 was a single engine, interceptor-fighter aircraft designed and mainly manufactured by N V Koolhoven in the Netherlands under contract by France.
The Loire 130 was a French flying boat that saw service during World War II.
Two prototypes were built by Heinkel in Germany, with the first flying in 1926.
The Latécoère 298 was a French seaplane that served during World War II.
The CZAW Mermaid is an amphibious flying boat light-sport aircraft produced by Czech Sport Aircraft in the Czech Republic.
It was intended to replace the Kawasaki Ki-45s of the Imperial Japanese Army Air Service.
The Potez SEA VII, otherwise known simply as the Potez VII, was an early airliner developed in France shortly after the First World War.
The Fokker C.X was a Dutch biplane scout and light bomber designed in 1933.
Used for training and reconnaissance, they were conventional designs with two-bay unstaggered wings, tailskid landing gear, and two open cockpits in tandem.
The rope could be detached to allow the machine to autorotate to the ground, taking up to 15 minutes to do so.
One land-based variant of the SBD — in omitting the arrestor hook — was purpose-built for the U.S. Army Air Forces, as the A-24 Banshee.
These blimps, L-9 through L-12 were completed by April 1943.
The AMCA is intended to be the successor to the Sepecat Jaguar, Dassault Mirage 2000 H, MiG-23 and MiG-27 Bahadur in the Indian Air Force.
The Mielec M-15 was a jet agricultural aircraft, manufactured by PZL Mielec in Poland for Soviet agricultural aviation.
The VG 20 was abandoned in turn in January 1938, but the design work and studies were used for the design of the all-metal VB 10.
The Grob GF 200 was a business aircraft of unorthodox design developed in Germany during the 1990s.
The Xian MA700 is a twin-engine, medium-range turboprop airliner currently under development by Xi'an Aircraft Industrial Corporation of the Aviation Industry Corporation of China.
The Pober Pixie is a single-seat light aircraft that was designed in the United States in 1974 and marketed as plans for homebuilding.
It also had a significant role in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe, Alaska and Italy.
The Convair F-106 Delta Dart was the primary all-weather interceptor aircraft of the United States Air Force from the 1960s through the 1980s.
The Mitsubishi J8M Shūsui was a Japanese World War II rocket-powered interceptor aircraft closely based on the German Messerschmitt Me 163 Komet.
The F-4, like other interceptors of its time, was designed without an internal cannon.
In 1928, Luft Hansa replaced three of its Rolands with new machines of slightly different design.
It was a parasol-wing monoplane developed in tandem with, and as an alternative to the BH-6, which shared its fuselage and tail design.
This allowed the engines to be mounted closer to each other and to the aircraft's centerline, therefore minimising asymmetrical thrust in case of an engine failure.
The upper cables were carried over a pylon of tandem struts, strut braced across the top.
The pilot is seated in an open framework suspended beneath a fabric-covered wing on which the engine and pusher propeller are also mounted.
The Dewoitine D.21 was 1920s French open-cockpit, fixed-undercarriage monoplane fighter aircraft.
The Douglas C-132 was a proposed transport aircraft, based on the company's C-124 Globemaster II.
It was very similar to the tailless Boulton Paul P.111 apart from having a horizontal tailplane.
A developed version of the S-61/SH-3 Sea King, the S-61R was also built under license by Agusta as the AS-61R.
A total of 664 units were produced, flying in sixteen air forces over five continents.
The fourth X-37 mission, USA-261, launched on 20 May 2015 and landed on 7 May 2017 at Kennedy Space Center.
The Lockheed Altair was a single-engined sport aircraft of the 1930s.
The Dornier Do 212 was a four-seat experimental amphibian flying boat built by the Swiss subsidiary of Dornier, on Lake Constance.
The Morane-Saulnier I, also known as the Morane-Saulnier Type I was a French fighter of the 1910s.
Like those other aircraft, however, it was a conventional, two-bay biplane with unstaggered wings of equal span.
The Sonex can also be built from plans.
The NASA M2-F1 was a lightweight, unpowered prototype aircraft, developed to flight-test the wingless lifting body concept.
With a crew of two and optimized for urban combat, the ARH-70 was slated to replace the Army's aging OH-58D Kiowa Warrior.
The Waco CG-3A was a US light troop military glider of World War II.
Despite showing much promise, development and production of the aircraft was interrupted by the outbreak of World War II.
It was essentially a Ki-84 Hayate with the Nakajima Ha-45 engine replaced with a Mitsubishi Ha-112.
R31 was the largest British airship to fly before the end of the war, and the class remains the largest mobile wooden structures ever built.
Its antecedents were the On Mark Executive and the On Mark Marketeer.
The aircraft structure is composed of laminated fibreglass and epoxy resign.
It was designed by Anthony Fokker and the series manufacture began in 1924 at Fokker in Amsterdam.
Having its origins in the 1980s, the first demonstrator flew in 1992.
Even after this, a major redesign to the forward fuselage was specified as part of the production order.
Despite the loss of the Patrie, the Lebaudy Brothers went on to complete a sister-ship to the Patrie, the République, for the French Army.
The French aircraft manufacturer Caudron developed this aircraft from the Caudron C.59.
The Japanese Army designation was "Army Type 3 Fighter".
Only a single aircraft was ever built, and it crashed on its initial flight, badly injuring the test pilot.
The Cox-Klemin TW-2 was a 1920s American biplane training aircraft built by the Cox-Klemin Aircraft Corporation.
The Douglas DC-7 is a transport aircraft built by the Douglas Aircraft Company from 1953 to 1958.
The Clutton-Tabenor FRED is a British homebuilt aircraft design introduced in 1963.
The Sopwith Triplane was a British single seat fighter aircraft designed and manufactured by the Sopwith Aviation Company during the First World War.
It was a conventional, three-bay biplane with an enclosed cabin for four passengers.
The Piaggio P.108 Bombardiere was an Italian four-engine heavy bomber that saw service with the Regia Aeronautica during World War II.
The Kawanishi H3K, also known as Navy Type 90-2 Flying Boat, was a Japanese biplane military flying boat from the interwar period.
The Beriev A-60 is a Soviet/Russian airborne laser laboratory aircraft based on the Ilyushin Il-76MD transport.
It received the nickname "Boska" due to its registration, L-BOSA, an appellation that was later transferred to the various Avia aircraft derived from this design.
The LWD/WSK Junak was a Polish trainer aircraft, used from 1952 to 1961 by the Polish Air Force and until 1972 by Polish civilian operators.
The Bede BD-8 was an aerobatics aircraft developed in the United States in the mid-1970s.
The glider achieved a short flight in 1907.
The Piper Aerostar is an American twin-engined propeller-driven executive or light transport aircraft, designed by Ted R. Smith.
The Douglas C-47 Skytrain or Dakota is a military transport aircraft developed from the civilian Douglas DC-3 airliner.
Demand for the aircraft soon overwhelmed Vought's manufacturing capability, resulting in production by Goodyear and Brewster: Goodyear-built Corsairs were designated FG and Brewster-built aircraft F3A.
At 65,000 cubic feet the cargo hold is the largest in the world.
It is similar in appearance to the Aeronca C-3, save for the wing struts.
The P-61 had a crew of three: pilot, gunner, and radar operator.
The Hiller YH-32 Hornet was an American ultralight helicopter built by Hiller Aircraft in the early 1950s.
It was a generally conventional, low-wing cantilever monoplane with a cockpit enclosed by a bubble canopy.
The landing gear consisted of twin pontoons, with a small third pontoon carried beneath the tail.
Further development of the aircraft after the first record-breaking flight led to a series of small modifications being implemented.
It was the first Grob-designed sailplane, with the first flight in December 1974.
The Canadair CT-133 Silver Star was the Canadian license-built version of the Lockheed T-33 Shooting Star jet trainer aircraft, in service from the 1950s to 2005.
A small series was produced for the Italian aeroclubs with an Alfa Romeo 110-ter engine of 97 kW.
The Airspeed AS.4 Ferry was a 1930s British three-engined ten-seat biplane airliner built by Airspeed Limited at York.
The CANT 10 flying boats were used by SISA for over a decade, linking destinations in the Adriatic Sea.
This shaft carried two coaxial contra-rotating rotors, and atop it a fin for increased lateral stability.
The engine was a water-cooled 306 kW Fiat A.20 V-12 engine.
Only one aircraft was built, with the serial J8622.
The Linke-Hofmann R.I was a heavy bomber aircraft designed and built by the German company Linke-Hofmann during World War I.
The Astra C was a 1912 French single engine biplane, manufactured by Société Astra at Villacoublay.
The type was gradually phased out of service from the late 1950s onwards, often being replaced by jet-propelled trainers such as the BAC Jet Provost.
The Sikorsky SH-3 Sea King is an American twin-engined anti-submarine warfare helicopter designed and built by Sikorsky Aircraft.
The Raptor's combination of stealth, aerodynamic performance, and situational awareness gives the aircraft unprecedented air combat capabilities.
The Bristol Babe was a British-built light single-seat biplane, intended for the private flyer and produced immediately after the First World War.
The Beriev MBR-2 was a Soviet multi-purpose flying boat which entered service with the Soviet Navy in 1935.
Serial production started in 1966, and about 300 examples were built by the time production ended in 1972.
Of the civilian Scions, at least two were still operating in Australia in 1966, one having been re-engined with de Havilland Gipsy Minor engines.
Klemm L.25, later Klemm Kl 25 was a successful German light leisure, sports and training monoplane aircraft, developed in 1928.
It has a tricycle undercarriage with relatively large wheels.
The de Havilland DH.34 was a single engined British biplane airliner built by the de Havilland Aircraft Company in the 1920s.
The Currie Wot was a 1930s British single-seat aerobatic biplane aircraft.
This aircraft was considered too costly for development, and the project was abandoned in 1967.
The Fokker C.V was a Dutch light reconnaissance and bomber biplane aircraft manufactured by Fokker.
The Piper J-3 Cub is an American light aircraft that was built between 1937 and 1947 by Piper Aircraft.
The Aero Ae 50 was a prototype propeller-driven military reconnaissance aircraft built in Czechoslovakia.
The Farman F.170 Jabiru was a 1925 single-engine airliner evolved from the F.121 Jabiru, built by the Farman Aviation Works.
The DA-3 was a single DA-2 enlarged to accommodate four people.
The Dassault Mirage G was a French two-seat twin-engined variable-geometry prototype fighter, built by Dassault Aviation in the late 1960s.
The first flight of the M-346 was performed in 2004.
The aircraft was named after Whitley, a suburb of Coventry, home of one of Armstrong Whitworth's plants.
It was produced by Lockheed and made its first flight in 1948 piloted by Tony LeVier.
The type first flew on 28 October 1972.
The de Havilland DH.72 was a large British three-engined biplane bomber, designed as a Vickers Virginia replacement.
Fokker D.X was a Dutch fighter aircraft designed after World War I.
The main undercarriage units were fully independent, mounted under the wings, and enclosed in spats.
After the war, they were withdrawn from service but - with no buyers forthcoming - scrapped.
It was essentially a slightly redesigned version of the manufacturer's C.I design with a more powerful engine.
The project was started in the late 1970s and cancelled in 1981.
The Loening PA-1 was an American fighter aircraft prototype built by Loening Aeronautical Engineering.
1,050 sets of plans had sold by 1993.
Mozhaysky's airplane was an experimental Russian airplane designed and built by a naval officer, Alexander Mozhaysky.
The airliner has a seating capacity up to 400 passengers and a range over 4,000 nautical miles.
DI-6 was developed at TsKB as a fighter that would also be capable of ground attack when fitted with different armament.
However, Frankfort lacked the resources to quickly produce large numbers of gliders, and only 43 TG-1s were delivered.
It is one of the few quadruplane aircraft to reach production.
The Hawker Siddeley P.1154 was a planned supersonic vertical/short take-off and landing fighter aircraft designed by Hawker Siddeley Aviation.
Over 50 examples were operated by the Aéronautique Maritime, of which seven were converted to landplanes.
It has been designed and constructed in 2006 by Armstechno Ltd.
It also served as an electronic warfare platform in the Vietnam War as a precursor to the EA-6A Intruder and EA-6B Prowler.
The APM 20 Lionceau is a two-seat very light aircraft manufactured by the French manufacturer Issoire Aviation.
The aircraft was ordered by Pan American Airways, the start of a long association with Sikorsky flying boats.
Many DC-4E design features found their way into the Japanese Nakajima G5N bomber.
The pilot and a single passenger or instructor sat side by side, and later examples had a third seat behind them.
The Taylorcraft Model 20 Ranch Wagon was a four-seat cabin monoplane designed and built by Taylorcraft Aircraft as a development of the earlier experimental Model 18.
In January 2016, it was reported that the project has been cancelled.
It was intended as a backup for the Nakajima B5N "Kate" torpedo bomber.
There is very little data on the K-200 and contemporary illustrations of the K-200 are based on speculation.
It was the first self-launching motorglider with retractable engine and propeller to be produced in large numbers.
It was a single-engine, low-wing monoplane with a fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
For the unrelated aircraft of the same designation flown in World War I, see Breguet Bre.4 and Breguet Bre.5.
The Lavochkin La-126 was a World War II Soviet prototype piston-engined fighter aircraft.
The Blériot 115 was a French biplane airliner of the 1920s, best remembered for the part it played in the French exploration of Africa.
Its first flight was in November 2015.
The forward wing has full-span control surfaces and is thus similar to a canard wing, but is considerably larger.
The strangeness was completed by twin booms each supporting unconnected tail units,.
The Dart Flittermouse is a British single-seat ultralight designed by A R Weyl and built by Dart Aircraft Limited at Dunstable, England.
The French Air Force took interest in the fledgling fighter to meet its requirement for an all-weather interceptor aircraft.
Capable of seating up to 134 passengers, the 717 has a design range of 2,060 nautical miles.
The LVG C.II was a 1910s German two-seat reconnaissance biplane designed by Luft-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft for the Luftstreitkräfte.
This latter aircraft was lost during an attempted transatlantic crossing by Alex Loeb and Richard Decker in August 1939.
Had it been built, the R.III would have been the largest aircraft in the world at the time.
Powerplant: 1 × Blackburn Cirrus Major 3, 115 kW
Distinctive stubby landing gear protrusions from the lower fuselage make it easily recognizable.
The Henschel Hs 122 was a German army cooperation/reconnaissance aircraft of the mid-1930s, radial-engined and with a parasol wing.
The Brantly 305 is an American five-seat light helicopter of the 1960s.
The SNCASE SE.161 Languedoc was a French four-engined airliner produced by SNCASE.
The Sikorsky CH-53E Super Stallion is the largest and heaviest helicopter in the United States military.
The PIK-26 is mainly constructed from wood.
The Handley Page V/1500 was a British night-flying heavy bomber built by Handley Page towards the end of the First World War.
The Mil Mi-26 is a Soviet/Russian heavy transport helicopter.
The RWD-16 was a Polish two-seat low-wing sports plane of 1936, constructed by the RWD team, that remained a prototype.
However, no orders were forthcoming as Germany had committed to buying US Fighters which included a deal for pilot training in the USA.
Despite the outlandish appearance the Airtruck was surprisingly successful, if unable to compete with the Fletcher Fu24 in its design market.
The A320neo offers new, more efficient engines, combined with airframe improvements and the addition of winglets, named Sharklets by Airbus.
DC-10s are also used for specialist services, such as the Orbis International Flying Eye Hospital, which has a compartment for performing eye surgery.
The XF-104s were forerunners of over 2,500 production Lockheed F-104 Starfighters.
Both upper and lower wings featured long-span ailerons, which were dynamically balanced by a small auxiliary airfoil mounted to the upper surface of the lower ailerons.
The Chung Shyang II UAV is an unmanned aerial vehicle developed by Chungshan Institute of Science and Technology under Taiwan's Ministry of National Defense.
It was also license-built in a number of Latin American countries.
Experience from the program was later rolled into the Joint Strike Fighter program, which essentially replaced Replica.
It took its name from the mythical bird of the tales of the Arabian Nights, the Roc.
The landing gear was non-retractable and included a tailwheel.
Post-war, the Spitfire's service career continued into the 1950s.
The Comet was adapted for a variety of military roles such as VIP, medical and passenger transport, as well as surveillance.
The Dunne D.5 was an experimental aircraft built in the United Kingdom in 1910.
These airships were powered by two Pratt & Whitney radial air-cooled engines.
The Blériot 5190 was a French transatlantic mail plane of the 1930s, a large parasol-wing monoplane flying boat.
Production of the aircraft kit was ended in 2012.
It was one of the most radical of the experimental aircraft built during World War II.
The S-10 was a modified S-6B built by the Russo-Baltic Carriage Factory.
The X-48B was later modified into the X-48C version, which was flight tested from August 2012 to April 2013.
Gulfstream announced the final sale of the G150 in September 2016 and the last delivery by mid-2017.
The fuselage is slightly different, with a slight sweep-back of the wings and the tailplane is larger.
The aircraft was originally designated the Short R6/28 before being named the Sarafand.
The White & Thompson Bogner Bloater was a British First World War two-seat reconnaissance biplane.
This new airframe later formed the basis for the Rolls-Royce Griffon powered Spitfires.
Design work commenced in 1969 under the leadership of Jukka Tervamäki, Ilkka Rantasalo and Pekka Tammi and the prototype flew on 26 March 1972.
The design was heavily influenced by captured German jet fighters and it was subsequently redesigned to use a Soviet copy of a German turbojet.
Initial trials on water as early as March 1901 confirmed that the poorer power-to-weight ratio would be a problem.
It held the distinction of being the most powerful helicopter to be built in Europe at one point, as well as being the world's fastest helicopter.
Moreover, due to the poor Italian industrial capacity of the time, only a small production run was delivered before the end of the war.
The Henschel Hs 127 was a German bomber that was built as two prototypes, but cancelled without entering mass production.
The Tiger Moth remained in service with the RAF until it was succeeded and replaced by the de Havilland Chipmunk during the early 1950s.
The Technoavia SM-94 series was developed in the early 1990s as a six-seat version of the Yakovlev Yak-18T, incorporating upgraded, modern avionics and aerodynamic refinements.
The forward fuselage was constructed of fibreglass over an alloy frame, while the rear fuselage, wings, and empennage were metal-covered.
The Tupolev ANT-35 was a 1930s Soviet twin-engined light transport monoplane that entered service with Aeroflot in 1937 as the Tupolev PS-35.
Control of the weight distribution from the catenary is necessary to control wrinkling of the envelope.
The production of the F 22 series began, after the prototypes and four pre-series aircraft manufactured, under the Technical Direction of Eng Pasquale De Rosa.
In 1943, a Lancaster was converted to become an engine test bed for the Metropolitan-Vickers F.2 turbojet.
The two engines were mounted in tractor-pusher fashion on a pylon above the fuselage.
Initially marketed as the UH-145, the helicopter was selected as the winner of the United States Army's Light Utility Helicopter program on 30 June 2006.
These changes were tested on the second prototype before the design was frozen in April 1985.
The aircraft has extraordinary STOL performance and is able to take off in distances much shorter than even most light aircraft can manage.
The Bristol Type 91 Brownie was a light sports aircraft produced in the United Kingdom by the Bristol Aeroplane Company in 1924.
The Su-33 has canards and its wings are larger than the Su-27 for increased lift.
The Pitcairn OP was the first rotary-wing aircraft to be seriously evaluated by any of the world's major air forces.
The glider has no spoilers and must be landed using side-slip.
It was built in large numbers for both military and civil roles.
The need to be stored inside the submarine necessitated compromises in design that made this single-seat seaplane of little practical use.
Later, it was decided to use the CR.25 as a reconnaissance plane, with a total of ten aircraft entering service.
The last aircraft was retired from government service in 1954.
In the 1990s hundreds remained in service with various air forces over 50 years after the Il-28 first appeared.
The prototype first flew in 1939 and it entered service in 1941.
The Sea King was primarily designed for performing anti-submarine warfare missions.
The SlowFast designation comes from its versatility to perform high-speed reconnaissance flight and 3–4 hours autonomy low-speed observation mission.
The final iteration of the design, reverting to a single pair of more powerful engines and a wooden hull, met with only slightly more success.
It was developed as a black project from the Lockheed A-12 reconnaissance aircraft in the 1960s by Lockheed and its Skunk Works division.
The Boeing Vertol CH-46 Sea Knight is a medium-lift tandem rotor transport helicopter powered by twin turboshaft aircraft engines.
It featured a hollow, barrel-shaped fuselage with the engine and propeller completely enclosed by the fuselage—in essence, the whole fuselage was a single ducted fan.
The LVG C.V was a reconnaissance aircraft produced in large numbers in Germany during World War I.
The test program also explored the possibility of use upon aircraft carriers, landing on HMS Ark Royal in 1963.
The Koolhoven F.K.30 Toerist was a small sport aircraft built in the Netherlands in 1927, intended for use by aeroclubs.
It was designed by Husnik and Vlasak and was intended to meet the growing need for aerial communication to and from the country.
At least one Peruvian Pronto was fitted with pontoons and used to survey the Amazon River for locations suitable for seaplane operations.
Versions of the aircraft have a capacity from 140 to 219 passengers and a range of 2,500 to 5,750 nautical miles.
The Miles M.30 X-Minor was an experimental aircraft, designed by Miles Aircraft to evaluate the characteristics of blended fuselage and wing intersections.
It was the first design for Chantiers Aéro-Maritimes de la Seine by the company's new head designer, Maurice Hurel.
The AGO C.VII was a German reconnaissance aircraft of World War I.
It is one of many wooden homebuilt designs from Romainian born designer Marcel Jurca.
A refined version of the aircraft, the 115-bis was flown in June 1924.
It was an orthodox design with a high wing, slender, tapering fuselage, and conventional empennage.
Aerocar International's Aerocar was an American roadable aircraft, designed and built by Moulton Taylor in Longview, Washington, in 1949.
A gull-wing design, it was armed with a hub-firing autocannon and fuselage-mounted synchronised machine guns.
By the end of the 1950s, a third modification of the original design was carried out by Olavi Roininen as the PIK-3C.
It was cancelled in 1943 after at least two prototypes were built.
Nimrod remained in service with the Royal Air Force until June 2011, over 60 years after the Comet's first flight.
The F-35B V/STOL variant of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II is under development.
The Junkers W 33 was a German single-engine transport aircraft.
The General Aviation PJ was a flying boat produced in the United States in the 1930s as a search-and-rescue aircraft for the Coast Guard.
It was the first homebuilt gyrocopter design to be able to carry a passenger.
It was the first of the USSR's aircraft to carry an integrated digital navigation/attack system.
It was unsuccessful, only three being built.
The Aero A.35 was a Czechoslovakian airliner of the 1920s and 1930s.
The General Atomics MQ-1C Gray Eagle is a medium-altitude, long-endurance unmanned aircraft system.
In spite of its limited capacity, it was the only series-built airliner of domestic design ever used by LOT
It was an alternative twin-jet design proposed as a backup for the Messerschmitt Me 262.
The airframe was to be largely composite construction.
It could accommodate 32 passengers, or 16 in sleeper cabins, and was the last flying boat built by the company.
The Shin Meiwa PS-1 and US-1A are large STOL aircraft designed for anti-submarine warfare and air-sea rescue work respectively by Japanese aircraft manufacturer Shin Meiwa.
The design also inspired similar designs such as the jet-powered Airbus Beluga, and the Boeing Dreamlifter.
The MQ-9 and other UAVs are referred to as Remotely Piloted Vehicles/Aircraft by the USAF to indicate their human ground controllers.
The aircraft's civil registration code was "K-SASA" and it was sold to the Finnish Air Force on June 25, 1928.
The Guimbal Cabri G2 is a two-seat light piston-engined helicopter produced by Hélicoptères Guimbal.
The Ente was the world’s first rocket-powered full-size aircraft.
The Mitsubishi 1MF was a Japanese carrier fighter aircraft of the 1920s.
The Miles M.7 Nighthawk was a 1930s British training and communications monoplane designed by Miles Aircraft Limited.
A special coin and stamp were issued, and construction began on a working replica of the aircraft.
The type was exported to a number of navies around the world.
The de Havilland DH.77 was a prototype British fighter aircraft of the late 1920s.
Innovative manufacturing techniques were also employed in the aircraft's construction.
The Socata TB 30 Epsilon is a light military trainer aircraft produced by Socata.
Users confirm it is very fuel-efficient and provided a true "jet feel" for a reasonable price.
A radar proximity fuse detonated the warhead, either a large conventional explosive or the W40 nuclear warhead.
It carried eight passengers over a distance of 9,037 km, in 53 flying hours with an average speed of 177 km/h.
Originally designed for the Central and South Atlantic passenger routes, it was later adapted as a military transport and special raider.
The Douglas XB-43 Jetmaster was an American 1940s jet-powered prototype bomber.
Allen provided the funding of approximately US$25 million.
In the immediate postwar years they became popular as crop dusters, sports planes, and for aerobatic and wing walking use in air shows.
These aircraft were used by the USAAC as unarmed fighter trainers.
Designed to the contemporary FAA concept of a two-seat fleet reconnaissance/fighter, the pilot and navigator/weapons officer were housed in separate stations.
A total of 66 T-1 planes were built.
It proved to be reliable but noisy when in service through the 1950s and into the 1960s.
A similar venture to produce the aircraft in conjunction with PADC in the Philippines proved similarly fruitless.
Adaridi AD 3 was a wooden aircraft designed by the Russian engineer Boris Adaridin, who lived in Finland.
The Sopwith B.1 was an experimental British bomber aircraft of the First World War.
Power was provided by an Antoinette 8V water cooled V-8 engine driving a tractor propeller.
While it was ordered in small numbers for the Royal Flying Corps and Royal Naval Air Service, it was not used operationally.
The Bellanca 77-140 Bomber was a bomber aircraft built in small numbers in the United States in the 1930s.
The Boeing NC-135 and NKC-135 are special versions of the Boeing C-135 Stratolifter and Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker modified to operate on several different programs.
Based on the Schweizer SGM 2-37 motor glider, a total of five RU-38s were produced between 1995 and 2005.
The Kawasaki OH-1 is a military scout/observation helicopter developed and manufactured by the Kawasaki Aerospace Company.
When Japan surrendered to the Allies on the 15 of August, all aircraft that were under development were stopped, including the Jinryū & Shinryū II.
The type continued in U. S. Air Force service in a secondary role until 1968.
Its variants were exported to several other countries.
During the early 1980s, new owners made an attempt to build new aircraft with direct-drive Lycoming engines, to replace troublesome and expensive geared engines.
Air France, the launch customer for the A300, introduced the type into service on 30 May 1974.
Construction was of metal throughout, with the fuselage having a semi-monocoque structure.
It was a development of designer Moulton Taylor's famous Aerocar roadable aircraft, but was not roadable itself.
The first example flew as early as May 13, 1980, but because of a lack of official interest in the project, work proceeded very slowly.
The plans were marketed by Falconar and later Jurca Plans West.
Bánhidi achieved fame with the Gerle 13 when in 1933 he made a long-distance flight of 12,258 km around the Mediterranean.
The Lioré et Olivier LeO 12 was a night bomber built in France in 1924.
The MiG-17 was license-built in China, Poland and East Germany into the 1960s.
The Tupolev ANT-16 was an experimental heavy bomber aircraft designed and tested in the Soviet Union in the early 1930s.
The Aerocar 2000 was designed by Ed Sweeney, who was inspired by Moulton Taylor's Aerocar of the 1950s.
The maritime patrol and reconnaissance variants are named PZL M28B Bryza.
The Roe I Biplane was the first powered aircraft to be designed, built, and flown in England.
The Hawker Tornado was a British single-seat fighter aircraft design of World War II for the Royal Air Force as a replacement for the Hawker Hurricane.
With the final deliveries of the 717 in 2006, production of the DC-9/MD-80/90/717 aircraft family ceased after 41 years and over 2,400 units built.
It is powered by a single Turbomeca Astazou turbine engine and was the first helicopter to feature a fenestron tail instead of a conventional tail rotor.
Plans existed to also complete the fourth aircraft, but these did not eventuate and it and the fifth machine were scrapped.
The first flight was originally anticipated in May 1986 and type certification by mid 1987.
CATBird has a distinctive appearance, with an F-35's nose and a pair of small canards located just aft of the forward entrance doors.
It was a civilian version of the Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 bomber.
The normal bomb load for the C.I was 60 kg, but some aircraft could carry one 80 kg and two 10 kg bombs.
(Ya Hossein) Tazarve is an Iranian-made jet training aircraft, first revealed during Iran airshow 2002, in Kish.
The wings were of wooden construction with plywood and fabric covering, and the fuselage was of steel tube, also covered with fabric.
It was succeeded by the Schleicher ASW 19.
As of 30 September 2015, there is a backlog of 263 firm orders for the E-Jets, 433 options and 1158 units delivered.
It was never developed beyond the prototype stage.
The HD.14's wooden construction was replaced in part with metal structure.
The Russian Defence Ministry expects the MiG-31 to remain in service until at least 2030.
It was designed by Raoul Hafner for a variety of transport roles including troop transport, supply dropping and casualty evacuation.
It was a low-wing, trimotor monoplane of mixed metal and wood construction with a retractable tailwheel undercarriage.
By 2014, the program was "$163 billion over budget [and] seven years behind schedule".
The YAL-1 with a low-power laser was test-fired in flight at an airborne target in 2007.
First flown on 14 April 1949, it was evaluated against the Praga E-55 for a defence ministry contract.
The Grob G 116 was a civil utility aircraft developed in Germany in the late 1980s.
The Canadair North Star was a 1940s Canadian development of the Douglas DC-4 designed for Trans-Canada Air Lines.
The SNCASO S.O.7050, S.O.7055, S.O.7056 and S.O.7060 Deauville were single-engine light French civil utility aircraft of the 1940s.
The undercarriage, however, was a manually retractable monowheel with a tailskid behind it.
The fuselage was of tubular steel construction and covered by aluminum back to the cockpit.
The Airco DH.9 – also known after 1920 as the de Havilland DH.9 – was a British bomber used in the First World War.
The kit was produced at a facility on St. Lucie County International Airport at Ft. Pierce, Florida.
Approximately 60 countries over four continents have flown the MiG-21, and it still serves many nations six decades after its maiden flight.
It was developed by Rhein-Flugzeugbau GmbH in Germany in the late 1970s and used by the German and Thai air forces.
The Rumpler D.I was a fighter-reconnaissance aircraft produced in Germany at the end of World War I.
Like many small flying boats, it suffered from a high empty weight and had difficulty competing with float planes.
Roy McMaster, Karl Striedieck and John Seymour won jointly, with others, the world triangle distance record of 1,435 km in 1994 in an ASW20B.
The Junkers D.I was a monoplane fighter aircraft produced in Germany late in World War I, significant for becoming the first all-metal fighter to enter service.
Originally developed for use by the United States Marine Corps, it is in service with Germany, Iran, Israel, and Mexico.
It was originally called the Dornier F before being renamed by the Reichsluftfahrtministerium in 1933, and was considered a heavy bomber at the time.
To maximize the gunner's arc of fire, the rear cockpit was set lower in the fuselage than the pilot's.
The Piel CP.80 Zephir, Piel CP.801 and Piel CP.802 are racing aircraft developed in France in the 1970s and marketed for homebuilding.
The Airco DH.2 was a single-seat biplane "pusher" aircraft which operated as a fighter during the First World War.
The control cars were manufactured by the Naval Aircraft Factory.
The Eagle DW.1 is an American-built single-seat agricultural biplane of the late 1970s.
A total of 297 BV 138s were built between 1938 and 1943.
It is notable as the first U.S. Army aircraft to conduct two-way radio communication with the ground in December 1914.
The crash of R101 effectively ended British airship development, and was one of the worst airship accidents of the 1930s.
The Xian MA600 is an improved version of the Xian MA60 manufactured by the Xi'an Aircraft Industry Corporation under the Aviation Industry Corporation of China.
This was followed by the fielding of electronic warfare and special operations variants of the Black Hawk.
The Lockheed Martin CATBird is a highly modified Boeing 737-330 designed as an avionics flight testbed aircraft.
The Farman F.180 Oiseau Bleu was a 1920s French biplane airliner.
It was the designation given to the aircraft resulting from attempts to improve on the Do 11.
The aircraft family competes directly with the 737 and has competed with the 717, 757, and the MD-80/MD-90.
The CANT 26 was an Italian two-seat biplane trainer built by CANT.
The Sparmann S-1 was a 1930s Swedish military training monoplane, designed by Edmund Sparmann, built in small numbers for the Swedish Air Force.
In the 1980s, the USAF began looking for a replacement for its fighter aircraft, especially to counter the USSR's advanced Sukhoi Su-27 and Mikoyan MiG-29.
The Snyder Buzzard was a light sport aircraft produced in the United States during the early 1930s.
CIA's representatives initially favored Convair's design for its smaller radar cross-section, but the A-12's specifications were slightly better and its projected cost was much less.
Trecker received three aircraft, and components for another 29, but they also built a few under license.
The Gotha Go 242 was a transport glider used by the Luftwaffe during World War II.
Before its discontinuation from service, it was produced in Harbin, China.
Nat Puffer designed the aircraft as a high speed cross-country VFR aircraft, although many builders equip their planes with IFR capabilities.
The Yakovlev Yak-38 was the Soviet Naval Aviation's only operational VTOL strike fighter aircraft, in addition to being its first operational carrier-based fixed-wing aircraft.
Despite being the first American jet bomber to fly, it suffered stability issues and the design did not enter production.
Later models featured a highly revised fuselage, a swept-forward tail fin, and an all flying tailplane with balance tabs.
With the Dash 8, DHC focused on improving cruise performance and lowering operational costs.
They were also cheaper to produce and easier to handle than the successful C Star class airship.
The Canadian-produced aircraft are designated as the DA20.
An improved PV-17 variant was later produced as the HRP-2.
Designed by Fred Sindlinger for amateur construction, the prototype was built between 1969 and 1972.
Rumpler built 198 of these aircraft for the Luftstreitkräfte, plus 26 seaplane versions for the Imperial German Navy.
It was the winner of a competition against the Beriev Be-30, for use by Aeroflot as a short-range airliner.
The Dassault nEUROn is an experimental unmanned combat aerial vehicle being developed with international cooperation, led by the French company Dassault Aviation.
It was designed to test a geared version of the 120 kW Mercedes D.III engine.
The 2008 model showed 28 exterior window openings on each side of the passenger area.
Additionally, specialised versions of the Halifax were developed for troop-transport and paradrop operations.
The Dornier Do R Superwal was a German flying boat airliner of the 1920s.
The LK-4, was a tandem two-seat trainer aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1933.
The Lockheed AH-56 Cheyenne was an attack helicopter developed by Lockheed for the United States Army.
As of 2015, examples are still being built and flown.
In 2007, the U.S. Air Force FPASS office switched all of their UAV systems over to the RQ-11B Raven.
The Beechcraft XA-38 Grizzly was a World War II-era ground attack aircraft, developed by Beechcraft, but never put into production.
The Saab 38 was a single-engine jet trainer and attack aircraft planned by Saab during the 1970s.
The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized, long-range, narrow-body, four-engine jet airliner built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes from 1958 to 1979.
It is the only seaplane to have exceeded the speed of sound.
The Boeing T-43 was a modified Boeing 737-200 used by the United States Air Force for training navigators, now known in USAF as combat systems officers.
Closely related to Handley Page's Hastings military transport, the Hermes was a low-wing monoplane powered by four piston engines.
The Friedrichshafen FF.53 was a German torpedo-carrying biplane floatplane of the 1910s produced by Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen.
The Bell 407 is a four-blade, single-engine, civil utility helicopter; a derivative of the Bell 206L-4 LongRanger.
The Franco-Roumanian Aviation Company flew these on routes linking Paris to London, Strasburg, Prague, Warsaw, and Budapest until 1928.
Certification proved elusive, however, and Hawk eventually abandoned the project without building any other examples.
The Grigorovich IP-1 was a fighter aircraft produced in the Soviet Union in the 1930s.
From late 1942 the Typhoon was equipped with bombs and from late 1943 RP-3 ground attack rockets were added to its armoury.
The D.VI served in the German and Austro-Hungarian air services.
It was a conventional, parasol-wing monoplane with seating for two occupants in tandem, open cockpits.
The IAI Lavi was a single-engined fourth-generation multirole jet fighter developed in Israel in the 1980s.
The Van's RV-9 and RV-9A are American two-seat, single-engine, low-wing homebuilt airplanes sold in kit form by Van's Aircraft of Aurora, Oregon.
The Tupolev Tu-160 Beliy Lebed is a supersonic, variable-sweep wing heavy strategic bomber designed by the Tupolev Design Bureau in the Soviet Union.
A twin-engined triplane, the London was dogged by the unavailability and unreliability of its engines, and did not fly until 1920.
The A-37 was introduced during the Vietnam War and remained in peacetime service afterward.
Designed as a bomber and long-range reconnaissance plane by Kurt Tank, the Ta 400 had a shoulder-mounted wing with 4° dihedral.
On June 13, 2007, the U.S. House Committee on Science and Technology held a hearing about the fate of the DP-2.
Neither pilots nor aircraft carrier captains seemed to like it.
The Messerschmitt Me 329 was a design project for a heavy fighter and ground-attack aircraft, developed towards the end of World War II.
The Beechcraft C-12 Huron is the military designation for a series of twin-engine turboprop aircraft based on the Beechcraft Super King Air and Beechcraft 1900.
The Budd BB-1 Pioneer was an experimental United States flying boat of the 1930s utilizing the Savoia-Marchetti S.56 design.
The aircraft first flew on 18 April 1963 with NASA test pilot Jack Wells at the controls.
The J-1 was built as a stopgap to supplement the Curtiss JN-4 in production.
The fourth and last C 32 built was bought by the Graf Solms-Laubach and named Germania.
NATO Eurofighter and Tornado Management Agency manages the project and is the prime customer.
The aircraft is a three lifting surface design, with both a small forward wing, and a small conventional horizontal stabilizer in a T-tail configuration.
It was a single-bay biplane of conventional design with equal-span, unstaggered wings, braced with N-type interplane struts.
The Bell X-14 was an experimental VTOL aircraft flown in the United States in the 1950s.
The 727 became a mainstay of airlines' domestic route networks and was also used on short- and medium-range international routes.
The Albatros L 100 was a light aircraft built in Germany to compete in the Europarundflug air-race.
The Bf 162 was designed in response to a 1935 RLM specification for a schnellbomber for tactical use.
Greatly modified after the war, it remained in use until the 1960s.
The "6" refers to its being the sixth of a series of purpose-built unmanned aircraft systems.
In response, in 1960, German engine manufacturer MAN Turbo commenced work on a suitable engine in close cooperation with British engine manufacturer Rolls-Royce Limited.
In January 1968, the Army awarded Lockheed a production contract, based on flight testing progress.
It was a development and refinement of the LaGG-3, replacing the earlier model's inline engine with the much more powerful Shvetsov ASh-82 radial engine.
The Model 15 saw service with the United States Army Air Service and with the United States Navy as a carrier-based fighter.
It was a low-wing cantilever monoplane with fixed tailwheel undercarriage that accommodated the pilot and instructor in tandem open cockpits.
The Reims-Cessna F406 Caravan II is a turboprop twin engine utility aircraft manufactured and designed by Reims Aviation in cooperation with Cessna.
The Sukhoi Su-26 is a single-seater aerobatic aircraft from the former Soviet Union, powered by a single radial reciprocating engine.
Thus the initial intent of the Army was to launch only 20 missiles.
The airframe was also used as the basis for the much more successful Lockheed P-3 Orion maritime patrol aircraft.
Originally designated the Bell Model 1, the Airacuda first flew on 1 September 1937.
The fuselage and tail are of fabric-covered steel tube construction, and the wings are built from plywood over wooden ribs.
The Vultee A-31 Vengeance was an American dive bomber of World War II, built by Vultee Aircraft.
This article is about the Breguet aircraft of 1910-1913.
Some notable airmen flew the Ju 87.
The Lippisch P.15 was a proposed World War II German fighter aircraft.
In 2006, Airbus redesigned the aircraft in response to criticism from several major prospective customers and renamed it the A350 XWB.
The prototype was exhibited at the 1922 Salon de l'Aéronautique and evaluated the following year by the Aéronautique Maritime.
The Aerotec A-122 Uirapuru was a Brazilian military trainer aircraft.
Construction of two of the prototypes was continued to gain flight-test data and the third was allocated to strength testing.
The G.III also had a strengthened fuselage with an extra 7.92 mm machine gun firing through a ventral trapdoor.
The Saab 36 was to be fitted with delta wings, as was the Saab 35 Draken fighter.
Over the years, the aircraft has seen numerous design advancements, most notably to its electronics packages.
It succeeded the G.II in production and differed primarily in the choice of powerplant.
The structure is a complex composite of carbon, aramid and polyethylene fibre reinforced plastic.
The Yokosuka MXY-7 Ohka was a purpose-built, rocket powered human-guided anti-shipping kamikaze attack aircraft employed by Japan towards the end of World War II.
The Skystreaks were turbojet-powered aircraft that took off from the ground under their own power and had unswept flying surfaces.
The XP-41 first flew in March 1939.
The R66 is slightly faster and smoother than the Robinson R44 from which it is derived.
The flight deck was enclosed on the A.32 and was incorporated into the fuselage below and ahead of the high-mounted thick wing.
The P-3,, was a multi-purpose trainer aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1936.
It was a simple but rugged initial trainer that was used by the Royal Air Force as well as many other air arms worldwide.
The Westland Weasel was a prototype British two-seat fighter/reconnaissance aircraft of the First World War.
It was a high-wing strut-braced monoplane with fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
The Whitehead No.21 was the aircraft that aviation pioneer Gustave Whitehead claimed to have flown near Bridgeport, Connecticut on August 14, 1901.
Two aircraft were built, Scylla and Syrinx.
The newest of the three medium bombers, the Hampden, was often referred to by aircrews as the "Flying Suitcase" because of its cramped crew conditions.
As of 2009, only one T-23 is in flying conditions.
The Piasecki PV-2 was a helicopter designed by Frank Piasecki.
It has an autonomous flight control system with GPS-INS navigation.
