Mexicana was North America's oldest airline and the world's fourth oldest airline operating under the same name, after the Netherlands's KLM, Colombia's Avianca and Australia's Qantas.
The airline has a subsidiary for cargo services, called Iran Air Cargo, that operates scheduled and charter services.
Aero Caribbean was an airline based in Vedado, Plaza de la Revolución, Havana, Cuba.
The reorganisation of the BUA group of companies during 1967/8 resulted in Morton being absorbed into British United Island Airways in 1968.
The airline was headquartered in Windsor, Berkshire.
The airline was merged to TACA international.
Mahfooz Aviation is a charter airline based in Banjul, Gambia.
Because of this passengers travelling domestic with Skylan Airways will not be processed by either Jamaican Immigration or Customs at either airport.
It flies where other air carriers cannot, or will not, fly.
The airline had plans for a relaunch using Boeing 737-200 aircraft, which never materialized.
Air Harrods Limited is the aircraft charter broking arm of the Harrods company.
It ceased operations after less than nine months of service in 1981.
The airline had two subsidiary airlines, Fly540 Ghana and Fly540 Angola, but has since focused its business expansion plans on East Africa.
The airlines closed in the year 1949 due to insufficient traffic and other litigations.
Based at Pyongyang Sunan International Airport, it operates international scheduled and charter services to points in Asia.
In 1973, Dan-Air became the first British airline to operate the Boeing 727 trijet.
Air Malta plc is the flag carrier airline of Malta, with its headquarters in Luqa and its hub at Malta International Airport.
Iberia Regional franchise is a regional partner of Iberia and an affiliate member of the Oneworld airline alliance.
Although the company has stopped operating as an airline it continues to manage the belly cargo hold capacity of Air India's passenger fleet.
On April 4, 2014, a judge declared Mexicana bankrupt and ordered to start selling off the company's assets to repay the airline's obligations.
Therefore, contracted air carriers are assured of revenue in terms of guaranteed aircraft utilization for the duration of the contract.
Its entire fleet consists of 52 Swedish built Saab 340 turboprop aircraft seating 33, 34 or 36 passengers.
It was Norway's fourth largest airline and operated domestic services within Norway, in addition to international services.
It operates regular express parcel services from Switzerland and Germany to the main hubs in Europe.
Ukraine Air Enterprise is a government-owned airline based in Kiev, Ukraine.
It operated regional passenger and cargo charters throughout Canada and the United States.
-Avianca El Salvador, formerly Transportes Aereos del Continente Americano, simply known as TACA Airlines is an airline owned by the Synergy Group based in El Salvador.
The following year, in May 2009, Grafair Jet Center where again placed as the 3rd best international FBO in the survey performed by AIN
Líneas Aéreas Allegro was a scheduled/charter passenger airline from Mexico and US.
Starting with a single three seat Stinson airplane, the company grew and the fleet of aircraft expanded to seven Stinsons.
Its main base is Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport.
The company built the Bacolod International Airport in Bacolod City, which was bought by PAL after the acquisition of the airline.
Cyprus Turkish Airlines Limited) was a Turkish Cypriot airline that served as the flag carrier for Northern Cyprus.
Global Air was a charter airline based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
The airline later operated a mixture of Soviet-built aircraft, as well as a leased Boeing 727.
Silk Way Business Aviation is an airline and handling company based in Baku, Azerbaijan and also represented in all Azerbaijan airports.
Mindanao Express was an airline based at General Santos International Airport.
Vuelamex S.A de CV was a Mexican airline.
The company is a member of the Arab Air Carriers Organization and the International Air Transport Association.
The airline is on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
On 29 September 2009 Olympic Airlines ceased all operations and most flights.
The Colombian Air Service, or SACO, was an early Colombian airline.
For the former airline, see Hamburg Airlines
Turkish Airlines has been a member of the Star Alliance network since 1 April 2008.
Aeroméxico is one of the four founding members of the SkyTeam airline alliance, along with Air France, Delta Air Lines, and Korean Air.
In its 14-year history, Orbest Orizonia flew to four continents and operated routes to over 30 countries.
China Northern Airlines was an airline headquartered on the grounds of Dongta Airport, Shenyang, Liaoning Province, China.
The company has its head office on the grounds of Nitra Airport, Nitra.
It operates charter flights from Egypt's tourist destinations to Europe, regular charters to the Middle East as well as domestic flights.
Skyway Airlines, along with its parent corporation, Midwest Air Group, has since ceased operations.
After World War II, it became a public limited company and was renamed as Air India.
The airline was bought by the FL Group and merged with Sterling Airlines in 2005.
The airline's main hub at Hong Kong International Airport uses a fleet that consists exclusively of Airbus A320 family .
From 2005 to 2006 the airline replaced its entire fleet, introducing the current 767s.
EasyJet Switzerland SA, styled as easyJet, is a Swiss low-cost airline based in Meyrin, Geneva.
Buraq also operates passenger and cargo charter services and flights in support of CHC.
Ticos Air had not presented any promised Airbus A-319 aircraft so was unable to advance to the third phase of its certification, as expected.
Kosmas Air was a charter cargo airline based in Belgrade, Serbia.
Its main base was McCarran International Airport, Las Vegas.
VivaColombia is a Colombian low-cost airline based in Medellín, Colombia.
Air Montmagny is an on-demand aircraft charter company based in Montmagny, Quebec, Canada.
It is a passenger and freight charter airline specialising in fixed wing and helicopter operations.
Airports served in Puerto Rico were San Juan International, Isla Grande, Dorado Beach, Mayagüez, Palmas Del Mar and Aguadilla.
Flywest was an airline based in Brest, France.
The Sarawak state government owns most of Hornbill Skyways.
The airline was on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
Along with most other airlines registered in the Republic of the Congo, Equaflight is banned from entering the European Union since 2009.
However, in November 2003 Euralair had to file for bankruptcy protection.
Zip ceased operations in September 2004 when Air Canada resumed a full schedule on its western routes.
Companhia Meridional de Transportes was a Brazilian airline founded in 1944.
The airline was wholly owned by China National Aviation Holding.
Flight Express is an airline based in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Bechuanaland National Airways was an airline of the Bechuanaland Protectorate and was based in Francistown.
This article is about the regional airline that was based in Wichita, KS.
Its main base was at Kotoka International Airport, Accra.
Djibouti Airlines was an airline based in Djibouti City, Djibouti.
It is a subsidiary of National Jet Systems.
Operations began in June 1964 and terminated in November 1994 when the airline was merged back into Alitalia.
Swiss Global Air Lines is a Swiss airline and a subsidiary of Swiss International Air Lines.
It operated its first commercial flight between Paris and Strasbourg on 16 March 1958.
The company was founded in 1992 and operates charter, cargo and ambulance flights, as well as helicopter operations throughout Europe.
The airline does not currently operate any flights.
The airline withdrew from the Star Alliance, and joined Oneworld, effective 31 March 2014.
The time Mesa spent in bankruptcy was one of the shortest periods in aviation history.
Its main base is Taipei Songshan Airport, with hubs at Kaohsiung International Airport and Taitung Airport.
Australian Airlines was a full-service airline based in Australia, servicing Australian and Asian destinations between 2002 and 2006.
It focused on operating Short Skyvans and later Fokker F27 Friendships.
Together with their regional partners, the airline operates on average more than 1,530 scheduled flights daily.
is an airline in Spain, the third largest after Iberia and Vueling.
Its main base was Plymouth City Airport, with hubs at Newquay Cornwall Airport and Bristol Airport.
The company filed for bankruptcy following the demise of the charter market after the 1973 oil crisis.
Despite various initiatives, including those of the liquidator, operations remain suspended.
Viking Airlines AB was a privately owned charter airline with a head office in Stockholm, Sweden and based in Stockholm.
Its main hubs are São Paulo–Guarulhos International Airport, Rio de Janeiro–Galeão International Airport and Tancredo Neves International Airport near Belo Horizonte.
The airline is merged with Servicios Aéreos Profesionales, Inc.
The airline was a crucial air link within the state of Montana, serving as the primary commercial air carrier to several small airports in the state.
It was established in 1994 and operated its first charter flight in November 1995.
The airline is licensed and certified to serve the US, Canada and Mexico with charter passenger and air cargo services.
Línea Aérea EcoJet S.A. is a domestic Bolivian airline.
EasySky is a low-cost airline based in Honduras.
Aero-Dienst GmbH & Co. KG is an airline based in Germany, operating corporate charter and air ambulance flights out of Nuremberg Airport.
The rebranding was necessary because since July 20, 2006 the brand Varig belongs to a different judicial entity.
Auric Air Services Ltd is a small privately owned airline based in Mwanza, Tanzania, offering both scheduled and non-scheduled air charter services.
It operates scheduled and charter services in the Northern Territory, Queensland, Victoria, Western Australia, and East Timor.
As of August 2016, the carrier ranks among the top ten Russian biggest airlines in terms of carried passengers.
Using one of the 1900D aircraft, the run serves Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.
It also hold the distinction of being the first airline to fly to Caticlan and Busuanga airport.
All flights are operated by its sister carrier, Air Alsie, as it is not an AOC holder.
The company bought Norving's Skien Airport, Geiteryggen division in 1987 and started operations from a second base.
Lease Corporation International was founded in 2004.
It was unable to sustain its expansion, however, and became a regional feeder for Continental Airlines in 1987 and then United Airlines in 1988.
Its main operating base is Warsaw Frederic Chopin Airport.
KrasAir or Krasnoyarsk Airlines was a Russian airline with its head office on the grounds of Krasnoyarsk Yemelyanovo Airport in Krasnoyarsk.
The company holds a Greek air operator's certificate.
Its main base is Athens International Airport.
JetMagic unexpectedly ceased operations 28 January 2004, after one of its planes was impounded by Aer Rianta for failure to pay landing fees.
Its main base was Madrid Barajas International Airport.
TUI fly Nordic is a charter airline headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden and is a part of the TUI Group.
Transwest was formed in 2000 by the merger of Air Sask and Athabaska Airways.
Its main base was Piarco International Airport, Port of Spain, with major hubs at Grantley Adams International Airport and Cheddi Jagan International Airport during 2006.
The airline's planes were also available for charter.
Silverback Cargo Freighters was a cargo airline based in Kigali, Rwanda.
Air Services Cargo was a short-lived cargo airline based in Panama City, Panama.
In 1951, all the airlines were merged to create SAS.
BMI Regional was sold to Sector Aviation Holdings in May 2012 and continues to operate, whereas Bmibaby closed down in September 2012.
Also flights to Africa, Asia and the Middle East are operated for groups traveling in connection with cultural and sports events and on business.
From 1973 to 1977, the airline operated under the name Air New Ulm and from 1977 to 1979 under the name Lake State Airways.
Its aircraft accident caused it to cease operation in 1996.
PAL Airlines is a regional airline with headquarters at St. John's International Airport in St John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
It had a head office on the grounds of Stepanakert Airport.
After the German occupation of Europe ABA started new routes to Paris, Oslo and Prestwick.
The company was owned by the Star Team Group which was also an owner of the tour operator Star1 Holidays.
Servicio Aéreo de Honduras S.A. otherwise known as SAHSA Airlines was the national flag carrier airline of Honduras from October 22, 1945, to January 14, 1994.
Its head office is in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, Sakhalin.
It was set up in the early 1980s, and lasted until the demise of Pan Am in 1991.
Pacific Airways Corporation operating as Pacificair is a charter airline based in Manila in the Philippines.
As of June 2016, Air Operator Certificate has been suspended.
Air Tahiti Nui is a French airline with its head office in Papeete, Tahiti.
TRIP Linhas Aéreas S/A was a domestic regional airline based in Campinas, São Paulo State, Brazil.
Delta Connection is a regional airline brand name for Delta Air Lines, under which a number of individually owned regional airlines operate short- and medium-haul routes.
Royal Air Burundi was an airline from Ruanda-Urundi and was based in Usumbura.
These included a fleet of 90 assorted fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters that continued to operate mainly non-scheduled services.
Avianca together with its subsidiaries has the most extensive network of destinations in Latin America.
It is a part of CITIC Group.
Askari Aviation is an airline based in Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan, one of the for-profit business enterprises owned by Army Welfare Trust.
Cardig Air currently has scheduled flights to Jakarta, Singapore, Balikpapan, and also to Jayapura and Wamena.
Established in 1986, the carrier operated passenger and cargo services in West Africa from its main base in Malabo International Airport.
The carrier was wholly owned by the government at the time of its closure.
Initially Jal Hans started flying from Port Blair to Havelock Island, where a waterdrome infrastructure is being installed and then Diglipur, again at a waterdrome.
It is a subsidiary of LATAM Airlines, which owns 49% of the airline.
Its main bases were Copenhagen Airport and Billund Airport, with a smaller base at Aalborg Airport.
Paninternational was a West German airline with bases at Munich-Riem Airport and Düsseldorf Airport which operated between 1968 and 1971.
Ishtar Airlines headquarters was in Deira, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
In November 2014 service under the Branson Air Express name was revived and service transitioned to Elite Airways larger Bombardier CRJ-200 jet aircraft.
It was established in August 2006 and is wholly owned by Qantas Freight, a subsidiary of Qantas.
Its main base is Chatham Islands / Tuuta Airport.
On 24 June 1935, a Ford Trimotor of SACO collided during take off with another Ford Trimotor of SCADTA at Medellín, Colombia.
Its main bases are Kotoka International Airport, Accra and Sharjah International Airport, United Arab Emirates.
Southern Skyways is operated by and is a division of a business named Aviation Advantage, Inc., which is also out of Atlanta, Georgia.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of SkyWest, Inc., parent company of the air carrier SkyWest Airlines.
Dana Air is a Nigerian regional airline headquartered in Ikeja and based out of Lagos's Murtala Muhammed International Airport.
The airline was originally based in Wellington, but moved its base of operations to Takaka at the time of the name change.
Aeroland Airways was a charter airline operated cargo flights, based in Athens, Greece.
Since then, the flag carrier status was awarded to Nicaragüense de Aviación also known as NICA Airlines.
From 1955, it also operated scheduled coach-air/vehicle ferry services.
Eastern pioneered hourly air shuttle service between New York City, Washington, DC and Boston in 1961 as the Eastern Air Lines Shuttle.
It aimed primarily at Mediterranean holiday destinations, as well as destinations aimed at expatriates.
Nations Air began as a passenger airline with three Boeing 737-200 jetliners.
After several years of service and expansion, the airline was fully privatized in 1969.
It was founded by Peter Vincent in 1992.
RegionsAir was a Part 121 regional airline.
Network Aviation is an airline based at Perth Airport, operating air charter services in support of "fly-in fly-out" mining operations throughout Western Australia.
Currently, the ATR-42 is on lease to AlbaStar and flying in Sardinia.
It was established in 1992 and operated worldwide cargo charters.
U-Land Airlines was a Taiwanese low-cost airline.
It operated on domestic routes until it shut down in 1996.
EZAir is a small regional service airline and Air Ambulance provider BES, founded in May 2000.
Sky Aviation was a regional airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
On 7 May 2010, Air Harrods was sold as part of its parent group to a Qatari sovereign investment group in a combined deal worth £1.5bn.
Taesa began growing rapidly using 727's in airline service.
It operates scheduled and charter flights to domestic destinations, as well as daily mountain flights in the Himalayas.
The charter company specialized in flying from San Jose to the various tourist based destinations throughout the region.
It officially began operations in July 2008, with chartered services.
Jetalliance Flugbetriebs GesmbH was a chartered airplane provider based in Oberwaltersdorf, Austria.
The airline provided service between St. Petersburg and neighboring Tampa across Tampa Bay.
Established in 1995, Jet Asia operates a wide range of small business jets.
Gambia International Airlines Limited was the national airline of the Gambia, headquartered in Banjul.
It operated high-frequency scheduled services in the Dutch Caribbean to United States, Dominican Republic, Colombia, Haiti, and Suriname.
Divi Divi Air N.V. is a small regional service airline in the Curaçao.
At the close of its public relations career, it was donated to National Air and Space Museum, where it now hangs in the Air Transportation gallery.
It was formed by the governments of Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom to pursue trans-Pacific flights.
National Airlines was a United States airline that operated from 1934 to 1980.
Their remaining aircraft are currently at the Lakeland Linder Regional Airport.
It operates services in the Caribbean area.
The airline became the largest Indian carrier in passenger market share in 2012.
Awan Inspirasi operates a strategic alliance with CHC Helicopter Services.
Private aviation includes pilots flying for their own purposes without receiving any kind of remuneration.
Freight Runners is headquartered at General Mitchell International Airport in Milwaukee, WI.
Frontier Airlines was a United States airline formed by a merger of Arizona Airways, Challenger Airlines, and Monarch Airlines on June 1, 1950.
It also had an additional base at Antalya Airport.
The airline joined SkyTeam on 25 June 2010.
Whitejets Transportes Aéreos Ltda., also doing business as Whitejets Airways, was an airline based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil which was founded in 2010.
It operates its own scheduled services out of London City Airport and to a lesser extent Dublin Airport, where it has maintenance facilities.
All Nippon Airways, the largest airline in Japan, is JAL's main competitor.
EVA Air is largely privately owned and flies a fully international route network.
Ad hoc charter flights are provided throughout the year.
Based at Norwich International Airport the airline operates charters in the United Kingdom and Western Europe.
Its main base is Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport.
Daallo briefly ceased all operations in March 2010, but resumed operations later in the year.
It is a full service carrier that operates scheduled services, using a fleet of Airbus A320-200s & Airbus A321-200s.
Zhejiang Airlines was an airline based in Jianqiao Airport in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China.
It was forced to merge into its competitor, Pan American World Airways, in 1930.
Before its merger with Air France, the airline was headquartered in Paray-Vieille-Poste, Essonne.
Ryanair used to own over 29% of Aer Lingus stock and the Irish state owned over 25%.
Big Sky Airlines was an U.S. commuter air carrier that operated from 1978 to 2008.
JSC "Vostok Aviation Company", sometimes trading as Vostok Airlines, is a Russian regional airline headquartered in Khabarovsk and a subsidiary of UTair Aviation.
Finally the name Prime Airlines was chosen.
Its main base is at Yellowknife Airport.
Its main base is Heydar Aliev International Airport, Baku.
Tonlesap Airlines Corp. was an airline with its head office in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
Copa is a subsidiary of Copa Holdings, S.A. as well as a member of the Star Alliance.
It began operations in 1999 with a single aircraft and was the first locally-owned airline in Zanzibar.
By the end of the decade it had become Gatwick's largest resident airline operator.
Illich-Avia is part of the Open Joint Stock Company of Illich Iron and Steel Works of Mariupol and was founded in 2002.
In February 2007, the airline was purchased by BMI, and continued as a British Airways franchise until the night of 27 October 2007.
They served three destinations in France from their base at Shoreham Airport with at least 22 weekly flights.
Aden Airways was a subsidiary of British Overseas Airways Corporation based in Aden.
It is the fourth biggest carrier based in the Canary Islands.
Tiriac Air operates as a maintenance base for Agusta helicopters under EASA Part 145 certification.
Ltd. is an airline with its head office in Kathmandu, Nepal.
They were the two oldest airlines in Brazil.
In 2004 the company ferried over 75,000 passengers.
Operations began on July 26, 1946, and ceased on March 31, 2008.
The airline had its head office in the Bâtiment Banque Congolaise in central Lubumbashi.
The airline is one of hundreds of air charter operators in the state.
The fleet's "Janet" call sign, from which its de facto name comes, is said to stand for "Just Another Non-Existent Terminal".
Three 50-passenger Douglas DC-6 were subsequently bought and were among other places flown with aid charters to Bangladesh.
The carrier has been a member of the Oneworld alliance since October 2013, the first Gulf carrier to sign with one of the three airline alliances.
Air Caledonian was an airline based in Prestwick, Scotland.
It operated to regional destinations in south and eastern India until early 2010.
Indian was formerly one of the two flag carriers of India, the other being Air India.
It is usually operated by a 10-seat Britten-Norman BN-2 Islander, but this may be substituted or augmented with one of the company's 7-seat Partenavia P.68's
Their fleet includes Piper PA-31-350 Navajo Chieftain, and Airbus 320 aircraft.
It code-shared with its partner SriLankan Airlines on several routes, as part of a consolidation exercise between the two airlines.
It was at the time of closure part of the Alitalia S.p.A. group.
Spantax S.A. was a Spanish airline that operated from 1959 to 1988.
Fly Wex was a cargo airline based in Brescia, Italy.
The airline was a public enterprise owned by the entity government and had its hub at the Banja Luka International Airport.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and in the FTSE 100 Index.
It was owned by Indian business company LEPL Group.
In October of that year, the airline resumed operations with its own certificate, using new ATR-42 turboprops.
It operated mainly helicopter services and domestic passenger shuttles between the Maltese Islands.
A RUS Aviation Il-76 featured in a 2010 episode of Top Gear, landing in Iraq.
Connellan Airways was an airline headquartered in Alice Springs, Australia.
Its main hub was Tirana International Airport Nënë Tereza.
The licence was revoked on 31 January 2008.
Its main base was Edmonton International Airport, with hubs at Edmonton City Centre Airport and at Calgary International Airport.
Travira Air is an airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Empresa Ecuatoriana de Aviación, more commonly known as simply Ecuatoriana, was the national airline of Ecuador.
Its last day in operation was December 31, 2014, at which time all flying was absorbed by the Shuttle America certificate.
Ibex Airlines Co., Ltd. is an airline headquartered in Kōtō, Tokyo, Japan.
Its sister airlines include Jetstar in New Zealand, Jetstar Pacific and Jetstar Japan.
In addition, the airline operates a subsidiary named Avior Regional.
One of the industry's largest, it was founded in Switzerland in 1967 and today is a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics.
It merged with three other airlines in 1924 to form Imperial Airways.
The US Navy told the media that this was the first time an unmanned aerial vehicle had been refuelled in flight.
In March 2017, Endeavor announced it would be re-opening an Atlanta crew and maintenance base, operating CRJ-200 aircraft at this hub.
The airline was plagued by financial losses, debt, waste, and corruption since its inception in 2007.
The BAe Jetstream aircraft contracted from Metro Airlines were branded in an Eastern Airlines mainline paint scheme.
AirTanker Services, operating as AirTanker, is a British airline which operates charter services using reserve aerial refuelling aircraft.
During its final years, the airline, a Delaware corporation, was headquartered in the old terminal building at Won Pat International Airport and in Tamuning, Guam.
The company was founded in 2002 and operates cargo flights on regional routes throughout the Sub-Saharan Africa on behalf of DHL Aviation.
It also carried out its own heavy maintenance in Tamworth and operated a network of Travel Centres.
Lviv Airlines was an airline headquartered on the grounds of Lviv International Airport in Lviv, Ukraine.
Clickair merged into Vueling on 15 July 2009.
Zimex Aviation Ltd. is an airline based in Glattbrugg, Switzerland.
RegionAir works strictly as a charter airline to companies in the oil & gas industry and does not sell tickets to the general public.
Gulf Helicopters is a helicopter services provider mainly servicing the oil and gas industry in Middle East, Yemen, North Africa and India.
Until January 31, 2013, the airline operated domestic flights to around 42 destinations and several nearby regional international destinations, and Saudi Arabia.
It is a short-haul airline, which caters to business and leisure travellers and operates daily departures.
An interline and a bilateral agreement was also signed with Eastern Airlines.
Nakina Air Service is a small Canadian airline based in Nakina, Ontario.
Germanwings GmbH is a German low-cost airline based in Cologne and a wholly owned subsidiary of Lufthansa.
It was established in 1976 and operates domestic and international scheduled services to 10 destinations from La Ceiba, as well as charter flights.
Paradise Air was an air charter operator located in Costa Rica also flying to Panama, Nicaragua and throughout Central America and the Caribbean.
Aeromar operates scheduled domestic services in Mexico and international services to the United States.
It operated charter flights from its base at Beslan Airport.
It was involved in business jet management and charter operations.
Central Mountain Air Ltd. is a Canadian regional airline based in Smithers, British Columbia.
The airline also operated scheduled and ad hoc charter flights to P. R. China, Europe, Thailand, Maldives, Malaysia and Singapore.
Fujita Airlines was an airline in Japan, formerly known as Nippon Yuran Airlines.
Currently, they operate 2 B737-400F to the East Malaysia cities of Kuching, Miri and Kota Kinabalu.
Myanmar Airways International is the sponsor of the 2013 Southeast Asian Games.
It was one of Congo's largest airlines and operated regional and domestic services.
Thai AirAsia was the only low-cost airline operating both domestic and international flights from Suvarnabhumi Airport.
The company was founded in 1977, after the dissolution of East African Airways.
Finist'air is a French airline based at Brest Bretagne Airport in France.
It has been a Star Alliance member since 2004 and a Lufthansa partner since 1996.
In August 2010, the remaining elective classes found their home on the fully complete Charlotte High School campus.
Channel Express Limited was an airline with its head office in Building 470 at Bournemouth International Airport in Christchurch, Dorset, near Bournemouth.
SkyWest Airlines is a North American airline owned by SkyWest, Inc. and headquartered in St. George, Utah, U.S..
The airline was started by Thomas McClain, a former U.S. Air Force pilot who was also a pilot for Trans World Airlines.
Nightexpress Luftverkehrsgesellschaft mbH is a small German cargo airline based at Frankfurt Airport.
It operated scheduled domestic services to over 20 cities and international services to Penang and Singapore.
Almaty Aviation was a cargo airline based in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
Banks were once their main client, transporting checks for over 300 of the country's largest banks.
The company split into a flying school and an airline in 1972, with the latter taking the name Norsk Flytjeneste.
It operated scheduled and charter flights within the Caribbean and to Miami in the United States.
The airline's registered address was in Riyadh.
Alexandra Hall previously ran the Chabot Space and Science Center in Oakland, California.
Sky Airline is an airline based at Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport in Santiago, Chile.
It is a subsidiary of the Safi Group and was founded in 2006 by its current chairman and CEO, Ghulam Hazrat Safi.
Aegean Airlines S.A. is the largest Greek airline by total number of passengers carried, by number of destinations served and by fleet size.
The airline has been characterised by its rapid expansion and the success of its low-cost business model.
The airline's largest hub was located at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.
Jim McNally, a former Price Waterhouse analyst who had headed that firm's recovery teams when several other airlines sought management and investment help, founded the airline.
British Eagle International Airlines was a major British independent airline that operated from 1948 until it went into liquidation in 1968.
FlyNonstop was owned by Espen Hennig-Olsen, and focused on full service on flights to primary airports serving the tourist market.
AirAsia X Berhad, operating as AirAsia X, is a long-haul budget airline based in Malaysia, and a sister company of AirAsia.
Both aircraft are presumed to be scrapped as of October 2016.
Presently UPS uses the name Emery Worldwide to market the air freight portion of UPS Supply Chain Solutions.
Morton Air Services was one of the earliest post-World War II private, independent British airlines formed in 1945.
Jat Airways was owned by the government of Serbia and had 1,250 employees.
Its head office was located on the grounds of N'djili Airport in Kinshasa.
It operated regional scheduled and charter passenger services within Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States.
Its main base was Miami Seaplane Base until 2001, with a hub at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport.
Normalisation of the route network was scheduled for December 2010, but did not materialise.
It was founded in 2002, and provided scheduled services within West Africa out of Banjul International Airport.
Wings of Alaska was an American scheduled and charter airline company based in Juneau in the U.S. state of Alaska.
After being placed in administration in January 2015, Skytrans returned to the skies on 31 March 2015.
In 2012, El Al operated an all-Boeing fleet of 38 aircraft, flying over 4 million passengers, and employed a staff of 6,056 globally.
Although initially based in Samarinda, he formally began Kalstar Aviation in Serpong.
Eirjet was a charter airline with its head office on the grounds of Shannon International Airport in Shannon, County Clare, Ireland.
Its main base was Lanseria International Airport, Johannesburg.
The airline's base was at Lanseria Airport, Johannesburg.
Like its parent, Swiss Global is part of the Star Alliance.
The airline commenced operations on October 31, 1979.
The airline was wholly owned by Ronald Ryan until 2005, when it was purchased by commercial real-estate firm Rubloff Development Group.
Its head office is located in Petaling Jaya, Selangor.
FirstNation Airways Ltd. Is an airline with its headquarters in Lagos, Nigeria.
Queensland Pacific Airways was a trading name of Queensland Pacific Trading Company.
As of February 2017, Omega Air Refueling operated two Boeing 707s and one McDonnell Douglas DC-10.
Future destinations include Cajamarca, Ayacucho, Cusco, Puerto Maldonado, Chimbote and Arequipa.
Helios Airways was a low-cost Cypriot airline operating scheduled and charter flights between Cyprus and many European and African destinations.
Due to financial difficulties, Star1 Airlines suspended operations on 1 October 2010.
Air Kerala will be India's first airline with a State government as one of the primary stakeholders.
Prior to April 2011, Air Canada's regional operations were branded as Air Canada Jazz.
It was founded by Roy P. Shwery in 1964 and provided air service out of Marshfield, Wisconsin, and Central Wisconsin Airport.
Air Malawi frequently had financial difficulties, and the Malawian government attempted to privatise the airline on two occasions without success.
Mid-Atlantic Freight is an American charter airline based in Greensboro, North Carolina, USA.
It operates ad-hoc private jet charters and offers aircraft management services worldwide.
It was one of the first private airlines to operate scheduled domestic flights in Greece.
In 2013, the Michigan Aeronautics Commission gave Welke an award in recognition of Island Air's long history of service.
They are the largest company in the offshore oil and gas helicopter market in Malaysia, having a 70% market share.
Tickets went on sale starting on 10 July 2009 for the airline's first flight between Bornholm Airport and Copenhagen Airporton 23 August 2009.
It also provides services for the night mail flights on behalf of Royal Mail.
NetherLines B.V. was a commuter airline that was a subsidiary of the Royal Nedlloyd Group.
Dauria was a Russian regional airline based in Chita which also carried out aerial work and aircraft maintenance.
Its main base was Vancouver International Airport.
Lufthansa withdrew its offer in April 2003.
The Federal Aviation Administration grounded the carrier in 1984, when it almost flew a charter flight into the airspace of the Soviet Union.
Unifly Express was an Italian airline that operated from 1980 until 1990.
In 2006, SAA split from Transnet, its parent company, to operate as an independent airline.
Since November 2004, the airline has been a member of Star Alliance.
MyTravelLite is a former scheduled low-fare airline founded in 2002 by parent company MyTravel Airways, part of MyTravel Group PLC.
The airline's main base of flight operations is Roland Garros Airport.
It was a forerunner of US Airways, now merged into American Airlines.
Porter Airlines is a regional airline headquartered at Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport on the Toronto Islands in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Through the airline's parent company, American Airlines Group, it is publicly traded under NASDAQ: AAL with a market capitalization of over $40.99 billion as of 2015.
The company encountered financial instability following the fall of communism in Central and Eastern Europe.
Air Saint-Pierre is a French airline based in Saint-Pierre, Saint-Pierre and Miquelon, a French overseas collectivity.
Edward Gaylord of Gaylord Entertainment Company was involved in the formation and management of Western Pacific.
OJSC "Belgorod Air Enterprise" was an airline based in Belgorod, Russia.
Established in 1926, Charlotte High is located at 1250 Cooper Street.
It was established in 2002 and ceased operations in 2004.
Kitty Hawk Aircargo was an American cargo airline based on the grounds of Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and in Grapevine, Texas, USA.
It is a subsidiary of Kenya Airways and is headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya.
Aerolíneas Sosa is an airline based in La Ceiba, Honduras.
Bluebird Airways is an airline with its head office on the property of Heraklion International Airport in Heraklion, Greece.
Its main base was Keflavík International Airport.
Its principal base is Faa'a International Airport.
Some of its operations are carried out by its subsidiary Air Italy under the Meridiana brand.
WestJet Encore is a Canadian regional airline based at Calgary International Airport and is a wholly owned subsidiary of WestJet.
The commercial airline was a full associate member of the Grupo TACA alliance of El Salvador.
It is a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines and was incorporated in 2001.
On May 17, 2007, the airline announced that it would be stopping its scheduled domestic services due to a dispute with the Transport Ministry.
Emirates operates a mixed fleet of Airbus and Boeing wide-body aircraft and is one of the few airlines to operate an all-wide-body aircraft fleet.
Parts of the airline was used to form West Air Sweden, namely the single IAI Westwind left after the crash of the first one.
Air Minas Linhas Aéreas was an airline based in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
On 26 March 2009 the board of LOT Polish Airlines decided to close Centralwings with no information about what was to happen to its employees.
It operates trans-Tasman services between New Zealand and Australia under the Qantas brand.
It also has charter and pilot training operations.
At least one BAe 146 jet was painted in Continental Express colors as well.
The airline is primarily serving the aeronautical highway of northern Luzon with flights to Basco, Itbayat, Palanan, Maconacon and Binalonan.
Transbrasil base was Brasilia International Airport in Brasilia.
Its main hub was at Henri Coandă International Airport in Bucharest.
Did Charter flights for Corporate executives: eg: Frank Perdue's Execs to Salisbury, MD.
Braathens Regional Airways AB is a Swedish airline with its head office in Trollhättan.
Less than a year after AirAsia and Zest Air's strategic alliance, the airline has been rebranded as AirAsia Zest.
It was owned by the Lufthansa Group and was an affiliate of the Star Alliance together with its parent Austrian Airlines.
The company has its head office in Fiumicino, Rome, Italy.
Air Marshall Islands is an airline based in Majuro, in the Marshall Islands.
The airline had a plan to have 160 employees at start-up and a share capital of 240 million Norwegian krone, sold by DNB Markets.
The BAe Jetstream turboprops were operated as United Express flights as were the Dash 8 propjets.
It was shut down in 1995 and is currently defunct.
LAN Dominicana, formerly Líneas Aéreas Nacionales de Navegación Dominicana SA was an airline based in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
Trans Polar A/S was a Norwegian charter airline which operated between June 1970 and May 1971.
Operations were restarted in what became Air Stord.
Air Tungaru was the first airline of Kiribati.
It leases passenger aircraft to the Australian charter operator Alliance Airlines.
Union Airways of South Africa was the first South African commercial airline.
Established as a cargo airline in 2003, Skyjet Airlines started passenger services on February 1, 2009.
Initially an independent carrier, Air Chang'an merged with Hainan Airlines in 2000 and leased all of its aircraft to the airline.
Jeju Air, based in Jeju City, Jeju-do, South Korea, is a South Korean low-cost carrier, the first to be founded in the country.
It operates charter services throughout southern Japan, as well as scheduled services between Nagasaki and Fukuoka.
Its main base was Mineralnye Vody Airport, which was also operated by the company.
It applied for an operating certificate in July 2013.
Northeast Airlines – formerly BKS Air Transport – was an airline based in the United Kingdom that operated as BKS from 1951 until 1970.
It is an express freight and freighter charter company.
Gol operates a growing domestic and international scheduled network.
Aerocóndor was a Colombian airline headquartered in Barranquilla, Colombia.
On January 7, 2009, Eastar Jet made its maiden flight from Gimpo International Airport to Jeju International Airport.
The airline was established in May 1976, and started operations in 1977.
Its main base is Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Ikeja, with a hub at Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja.
It was established at Aden on 11 March 1971 after nationalizing Brothers Air Services which was a private company owned by the Ba Haroon Brothers.
It was formed in 2011 and ceased operating in 2014.
Aberdeen Airways subsequently also filed for bankruptcy protection, moved to East Midlands and finally died.
Its main hub is at Siem Reap International Airport.
For the longer routes a Fokker F.XII was used.
Its main base was Port Bouet Airport, Abidjan.
However, flights to larger cities were subsequently operated from Denver including nonstop service to Kansas City, Oklahoma City, Salt Lake City and Tulsa.
Air Equator was an airline based in Gan, Maldives.
ATA Airlines is an Iranian airline based in Tabriz International Airport.
China Airlines operates over 1,400 flights weekly to 118 airports in 115 cities across Asia, Europe, North America and Oceania.
It provides services to Welke Airport and Charlevoix Municipal Airport.
The "Continental Connection" name was discontinued and the operation was renamed United Express following the merger of Continental Airlines with United Airlines.
The airline was founded on 17 August 2011 by Awang F. Ishak and Sabri Ramdhani.
Sierra Pacific also previously operated scheduled passenger service in the western U.S. with prop and turboprop aircraft.
Specavia) was a cargo airline based in Volgogrod, Russia.
The airline was acquired by and merged into Delta Air Lines in 1972.
The airline's jets featured the "Sun King" logo previously used by the original National Airlines which appeared on the tails of its aircraft.
During the Soviet era, Aeroflot was the Soviet national airline and the largest airline in the world.
Three air services were founded in Anchorage in 1932.
Cargolux, legally Cargolux Airlines International S.A., is a cargo airline with its head office and home base at Luxembourg Findel Airport in Sandweiler, Luxembourg.
It intended to be "New Zealand’s first all-jet regional airline," serving seven cities with Avro RJ-100s.
In 1936 the airplane was sold to TACA International Airlines, and operated in Nicaragua for several years.
On 25th July 2017, Tigerair was officially merged into Scoot using Tigerair AOC but retaining the name Scoot.
Mýflug/Myflug Air is an Icelandic airline established in 1985.
It is the second largest Taiwanese airline.
The airline maintained several short haul flights from Bournemouth Airport to destinations in Britain and Europe, including London Gatwick, Glasgow and Amsterdam.
The actual air operator of all of their flights however was Braathens Regional.
It operates on-demand passenger charter and cargo flights in Europe, Africa and Asia.
British Island Airways was the legal successor to British United Island Airways.
The carrier was an international carrier – though it was privately owned by its Founding Chairman, Captain Shin Yong-Wook [신용욱].
It is part of the Air France–KLM group, and is a member of the SkyTeam airline alliance.
A route to Montreal was inaugurated in 1992, and Réunion and the Caribbean were also served by the airline.
From 2004, it wet-leased aircraft to Vildanden, but the contract was canceled the following year.
On 1 May 2006, Air Atlanta Europe was absorbed into Excel Airways.
It is a subsidiary of the Small Planet Group which also owns several sister companies.
AmericanConnection was an affiliate member of the Oneworld airline alliance.
Djibouti Air is an airline based in Djibouti.
It was operational between 1998 and 2003 and provided scheduled services to rural destinations in Nepal, as well as charter flights.
South Pacific Airlines of New Zealand was a New Zealand airline, operating between 1960 and 1966.
When it ceased operations, its aircraft fleet consisted of three Airbus A330-200.
It operated domestic passenger services and charters.
Comoro Islands Airline was a start-up airline based in the Comoros.
It was founded as Capitol Airways in 1946, and then renamed Capitol International Airways in 1967.
Northwest continued to operate under its own name and brand until the integration of the carriers was completed on January 31, 2010.
It ceased operations in February 2012 and was liquidated in May 2012.
The airline ceased trading after only five months.
Between 1945 and 1965 it was considered to be the largest carrier not only in Brazil but in all of Latin America.
It was initially based in Entebbe, Uganda, with aircraft wet leased from Africa One Holdings, registered in Ireland.
It also provided bus services in Luton and surrounding areas.
It operated Douglas DC-8 and Lockheed L-1011 type jets to destinations in Central America, South America and the Caribbean from Miami International Airport.
Access Air was an airline based in Des Moines, Iowa.
Airways International was an airline based in Miami, Florida.
The company's head offices are in Bodø, although it retains a large administrative center in Lysaker.
Each aircraft is suited to a specific purpose and flown by qualified pilots.
These are now on hold and the airline is majority owned by the Madagascar government.
Star Alliance carrier TAP Portugal has reached an agreement to sell its charter operation White Airways to Portuguese multi-sector aviation company Omni.
Air Lituanica was a Lithuanian airline headquartered in Vilnius and based at Vilnius Airport.
Lauda Air Luftfahrt GmbH, branded as Lauda Air, was an Austrian airline headquartered at Vienna International Airport in Schwechat.
Its main base was Chertovitskoye Airport, Voronezh.
Société Nationale Malgache de Transports Aériens, Société Anonyme, operating as Air Madagascar, is an airline based in Antananarivo, Madagascar.
CanJet was a Canadian low-cost charter airline headquartered in Enfield, Nova Scotia and based at Halifax International Airport.
Air People International is a cargo airline based in Bangkok, Thailand.
British Continental Airways Limited was formed on 15 April 1935 to operate airline services from Croydon Airport to the continent.
It operates 84 aircraft from facilities in eight states.
This step was intended to simplify future integration steps between Continental and United.
Air Nippon Network, or A-net, was an airline based on the grounds of Tokyo International Airport in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan.
It operated international cargo charters in the Americas.
The company headquarters are located in Kampala while the main base of operation is located at Entebbe International Airport.
It was the first airline to operate cross country flights.
The airline was started in 1982 by Teimour Riahi.
Based in Thailand, it began operations in July 2012.
For 40 years, Emery was the largest freight forwarder/integrated air carrier in the US.
Air Charter was an early post-World War II private, British independent airline formed in 1947.
Four Star Air Cargo was a cargo airline based in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Bahrain Air started operations on 1 February 2008 as a low cost airline but changed its operating model to full service by early 2010.
The following year it shifted its operating base and headquarters to Gatwick Airport.
Airpink is a private business jet charter airline based in Belgrade, Serbia.
The airline launched operations in January 2013 with one Airbus A320 and plans to add a new aircraft to its fleet every six months.
The following year saw the acquisition of Channel's first turbine-powered aircraft.
Línea Aérea Amaszonas S.A., usually shortened to Amaszonas, is an airline based in Bolivia, headquartered in La Paz.
Not to be confused with sister company, Kalitta Air.
In January 1962, BUA merged with British Aviation Services, the holding company of rival British independent airlines Britavia and Silver City Airways.
Heli Holland is a Dutch helicopter operator.
When it operated in the Midwest, its headquarters were on the grounds of Indianapolis International Airport in Indianapolis, Indiana.
According to the helicopter enthusiast website Nordic Rotors, the services were fully taken over in 2011 by the Swedish Maritime Administration.
Idaho's nickname is the Gem State, with origins back to its territorial years.
ATE is provider of 7 HEMS bases in Slovakia and one HEMS base in Olomouc, Czech Republic.
They mainly fly air charters, but the airline does offer some scheduled intra-island services between destinations in the Bahamas.
It operates scheduled passenger services, air ambulance, air taxi/charter, offshore, aircraft maintenance, flying school and aerial work services.
Jin Air Co. Ltd is a Korean low-cost carrier.
It was founded in 2006 and dissolved again in 2008, without having operated a single revenue flight.
Scottish Airlines also operated scheduled services in its own right between Prestwick Airport in Scotland and Ronaldsway Airport on the Isle of Man.
Janes Aviation is a British cargo airline based at London Southend Airport.
South African Airways is the flag carrier of South Africa.
Lloyd International ceased operations in June 1972.
It is wholly owned by Synergy Group S.A., a South American holding company established by Germán Efromovich and specializing in air transport.
PGA Express was a Portuguese regional airline based in Cascais at Cascais Municipal Airport.
Coral Sun Airways is one, and the younger, of the two Kiribati airlines, established in January 2009.
The airline operated a fleet of three Boeing 720s and had a close cooperation with Aer Lingus for maintenance.
On May 23, 1980 the company voluntarily ceased operations while the discrepancies were corrected.
BCPA was later taken over by Qantas.
The airline has set up bases at Paris-Orly Airport and Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport.
Originally named British Latin American Air Lines it was renamed before services started in 1946.
Union Aéromaritime de Transport was a French airline.
At the end of 2016, the airline employed 4,937 people.
Swe Fly was an independent airline based in Nyköping, Sweden.
It operated scheduled regional services to Argentina and Brazil.
Tailwind Airlines is a Turkish charter airline based in Istanbul whichs operates flights from its bases at Sabiha Gökçen International Airport and Antalya Airport.
Two of its aircraft were painted in Salzburg Spirit and Slovenian Spirit livery.
Hanscom Field has no scheduled airline service today.
The majority of the Jetstream fleet ended up being stored in Kingman, Arizona, where most remain today.
The name SKOGA is the acronym of Sovyetsko-Kitaiskoe Obschestvo Grazhdanskoi Aviatsii.
On 11 December 2012 Kuban Airlines ceased operations due to financial difficulties.
In Southern's Mid-Atlantic footprint, which includes the Metropolitan Washington Airports, passengers embark and disembark through the primary terminals.
With 1,977 students, Charlotte High School is the second largest high school in Charlotte County by student population.
Mid Airlines is a non-operational airline based in Zimbabwe, which registered in 2001 but has yet to start flights.
Slovakian Airlines was a planned Slovak scheduled and charter airline based at Bratislava.
It is one of the fastest-growing companies in the industry and is the largest on the African continent.
Norwegian's aircraft livery is white with a blue ribbon and signal red nose.
Bosnian and French government made deal to return crew to Sarajevo but for Gabon to keep the plane.
Its head office was in Bromma, Stockholm Municipality, Sweden.
It is an all-cargo airline operating domestic scheduled services.
It is a subsidiary of the TUI Group and part of the TUI Airlines.
The Pheasant biplane was sold and, in 1932, it crash landed, rendering it inoperable.
Norway Airlines A/S was a Norwegian airline which operated between 1988 and 1992.
It was reported in November 2012 that the airline's license had been revoked.
Its name was often shortened to Chelal.
It operated scheduled commuter services under the Pan Am Clipper Connection banner.
The national airline of newly independent Burundi made numerous passenger flights to Europe, and ceased operations at the end of 1963.
It operated scheduled passenger services from Johannesburg to regional destinations in Africa.
The airline was founded on April 1, 1997, and began operations with a Boeing 737-400 on July 1, 1998.
Seagle Air was a charter airline based in Trenčín, Slovakia.
ADA S.A., operating as Aerolínea de Antioquia, is a regional airline with its headquarters on the property of Olaya Herrera Airport in Medellín, Colombia.
It filed for bankruptcy and ceased operation in January 2016.
Zip was a Canadian discount airline headquartered in Hangar 101 at Calgary International Airport, Calgary, Alberta.
Due to the Financial crisis of 2007–2008, Aladia Airlines suspended all operations on 21 October 2008.
In 1991 Komiavia operated more than 320 airplanes and helicopters, including Mil Mi-8Ts, Mil Mi-10Ks and a number of civil airplanes.
It operates scheduled and charter flights, as well as cargo flights, air taxis, air ambulance flights and crew transfers.
IrAero is an airline based in Irkutsk, Russia.
Aroostook Airways was an airline based in Presque Isle, Maine, United States, from 1969 to 1972.
Ayit flies between Sde Dov Airport, near Tel Aviv, and Ben Ya'akov Airport near Rosh Pinna.
It provides services using all Bombardier CRJ-900 aircraft.
Cargolux Italia S.p.A. is an Italian cargo airline, set up as a joint venture between various Italian investors and Cargolux.
Many of the airfields saw the resumption civil flights and fixed-wing aircraft after a gap of many decades.
Due to financial difficulties, the airline completely suspended operations between 2000 and 2012.
Established as a charter airline, Astraeus changed its business model in May 2008 and ceased full-time charter and scheduled service flying to concentrate on sublease activities.
It was founded in 1999 and was defunct in 2003 after being unable to raise additional capital.
UraiAvia was an airline based in Tyumen, Russia which was founded in 1993.
In November 2010, the company was saved from bankruptcy and acquired by Darwin Airline Group from Lugano.
The BUA takeover enabled Caledonian to realise its long-held ambition to transform itself into a scheduled airline.
The airline ceased operations in 2006, a year after Bouraq declared bankruptcy, citing financial concerns.
FedEx Express, formerly Federal Express, is a cargo airline based in Memphis, Tennessee, United States.
GoAir is a low-cost carrier based in Mumbai, India.
Its main base was Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport, with a hub at Fort Wayne International Airport.
Burkina Airlines was an airline based in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.
SAVAG – Sociedade Anônima Viação Aérea Gaúcha was a Brazilian airline founded in 1946 that operated mainly in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Teebah Airlines was a Sierra Leone registered charter airline based in Amman, Jordan, leasing its aircraft out to other airlines on demand.
This was also the first time a private British airline had placed a launch order for a new jet.
Skynet Airlines was an airline from Ireland that was operational between 2001 and 2004.
The airline is a joint venture between the Egyptian travel and tourism company, Travco Group, and Air Arabia.
Mid Pacific Air was a low-cost regional airline which began operations with passenger services in Hawaii.
South Airlines was a charter airline based in Odessa, Ukraine.
Its main base is Fort Lauderdale, with a Caribbean hub located in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
FAT Taiwan Inc., doing business as Far Eastern Air Transport, is an airline with its head office in Songshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
In 1987, Powell Air and Air BC's Port Hardy operations merged to form Pacific Coastal Airlines.
VASCO was established by government directive in 1987, and was originally a part of Vietnam Airlines, the national carrier.
A large portion of their flights was performed for the travel organiser and partial owner Sverigeflyg, with brand names Blekingeflyg, FlySmåland, Gotlandsflyg, Kalmarflyg, Kullaflyg, and Sundsvallsflyg.
JetSuite is a private jet charter company.
In 1953, it became Avalon Air Transport, named after the city of Avalon, California, located on Santa Catalina Island, California.
ABX Air is owned by Air Transport Services Group.
When Lufthansa was privatised, employees received more than 3% of its shares.
Its main base was Sharjah International Airport, with hubs at Bishkek airport and Jinnah International Airport, Karachi.
Shortly before that time, employees received a pay cut for two pay periods in an attempt to improve cash flow at the airline.
ATA was North America's largest charter airline, and until its shutdown transported more troops for the United States military than any other commercial airline.
Express Air is listed in category 1 by Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority for airline safety quality.
Air Canada had passenger revenues of CA$13.8 billion in 2015.
The company is developing its first FAA certified model for sale.
The airline later became Florida Commuter Airlines.
The MD-80 fleet operated a range of holiday charter flights to the Mediterranean, Manchester being a common departure point.
Founded in 1933, in 1940 SACO merged with the Colombo-German Air Transport Society; the new company was named Airline of the American Continent.
The name Tindi means "the big lake" or "Great Slave Lake" in the local native Tłı̨chǫ Yatiì language.
The carrier had some issues with the US DOT, bordering on offering scheduled service as a charter airline.
The airline used to be a subsidiary of TNT Express but was sold to ASL Airlines Ireland in 2016 and subsequently rebranded.
The group's closure was announced by the company's recently installed management team a short time after the group filed for Concurso Mercantil and US Chapter 15.
Its main base is Smithers Airport, with other bases at Calgary International Airport, Vancouver International Airport and Prince George Airport.
Jämtlands Flyg AB is a Swedish helicopter company that specialise in both aerial and charter work.
Great Plains Airlines was a regional airline headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States.
The airline lost an accumulated 30 million Norwegian krone and filed for bankruptcy on 2 April 2001.
In December 2003, the airline was reported to have flown between Kabul and Dubai.
Pelita Air Service, usually shortened to Pelita Air, is an airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
From its foundation in 1999 until being shut down in 2005, the airline operated regional passenger and cargo flights out of Lungi International Airport.
Arkia, legally incorporated as Arkia Israeli Airlines Ltd, is an Israeli airline.
It commenced operations with a single Douglas DC-4 piston airliner from Cambridge Marshall Airport.
Freebird Airlines is a Turkish charter airline based in Florya, Bakirköy, Istanbul.
The trains started regular service on the Moscow – Saint Petersburg Railway in December 2009 at a maximum speed of 250 km/h.
Its main base is Cairo International Airport.
On 22 September 2001 the airline was renamed "Air Lib".
In April 2004 it was reported that Alitalia acquired the bankrupt airline to gain additional slots at several European airports, mainly in Milan-Linate and Paris.
In the past, it flew passengers between Manila and Baguio.
United operates a large domestic and international route network, with an extensive presence in the Asia-Pacific region.
On 26 April 2008 Eos Airlines announced its plans to file bankruptcy on its web site, announcing it would cease passenger operations after April 27.
Second S.p.A. was an Italian airline operating flights for its parent company, Alitalia, to preserve slots at Linate Airport.
As of September 2013, the Aeroflot Group had 30,328 employees.
The Fleet consisted of Cessna 402s and de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otters.
It operated passenger services as All Nippon Airways flights from its main base is Chūbu Centrair International Airport near Nagoya.
Linked with Skyservice Business Aviation, it began operation under the Air Canada Express brand on May 1, 2011.
The airline served seat-only customers directly and package holiday customers via Thomas Cook Holidays and Airtours Holidays.
Falkland Islands Government Air Service is an airline based at Port Stanley Airport, Falkland Islands.
According to Finnish newspaper Turun Sanomat, the new shareholders approved transfer of its headquarters from Tampere to Turku.
K-Mile Air is a Thai cargo airline based at Bangkok, Thailand.
RUAC was the Beechcraft agent for Central Africa.
General aviation, including all other civil flights, private or commercial
From its hub at Sheremetyevo International Airport, the carrier served a number of destinations within Russia, as well as an international destination within Ukraine.
On 6 January 2006, Hannes Smárason, CEO of the FL Group, stated that a merger of EasyJet and Sterling was a possibility.
It was established and started operations in 2003 and operates passenger services, as well as contract and ad hoc charter and aircraft leasing.
Flightline was an airline based in Southend-on-Sea, England.
Its flights are operated by Airlinair, Brit Air and Régional under the HOP!
Pacific Alaska Airways was a subsidiary of Pan American World Airways that flew routes around Alaska.
Its main base is Willow Run Airport.
Radiating from Casablanca, the first destinations served were Brussels, London, Marseille, Milan and Paris.
Its main base is Douala International Airport.
In the 1990s Euralair was equipped with Boeing 737 aircraft.
Inter European Airways was a charter airline based in Cardiff, Wales.
Air Mauritanie was the national airline of Mauritania from 1962 until it ceased operations in 2007 due to financial difficulties.
Air New Zealand was awarded Airline of the Year in 2010 and 2012 by the Air Transport World Global Airline Awards.
As of 11 December 2014, the airline is rated as a 5-star airline by the international airline review firm Skytrax.
The airline specialises in the transport of dangerous goods and radioactive products and other specialist aerial work, including oil spill response, dispersant spraying and icing trials.
The Taiwanese carrier operates domestic and regional international flights, while its parent company focuses on international operations.
The airline operates to 94 destinations from its main hub located at Bandaranaike International Airport in Colombo.
Its main base is Libreville International Airport.
The airline is on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
It went bankrupt in 2010 with debts of over 31 million roubles.
It was part of Japan Airlines Corporation and operated an extensive domestic network in Japan.
Metro Airlines, originally Houston Metro Airlines, was a commuter airline that was originally headquartered in Houston, Texas, United States,.
Its scheduled service provides flights between Edmonton International Airport, Cranbrook/Canadian Rockies International Airport, Lethbridge Airport, Medicine Hat Airport, Calgary International Airport, and Bonnyville Airport.
The shutdown became effective on March 6.
Emery had its planes grounded on August 13, 2001 due to poor aircraft fleet maintenance.
Aerocondor was an airline and flight school based in Cascais, Portugal.
The airline was shut down in 2006.
It has headquarters in Stavanger and has additional operations out of Bergen, Brønnøysund, Hammerfest.
On April 1, 1962 Alaska Coastal Airlines merged with Ellis Air Lines, trading for a while as Alaska Coastal-Ellis Airlines.
The new owners acquired three smaller Alaska carriers, gaining additional scheduled routes to Fairbanks, Nome and the Kuskokwim area.
Slick Airways was a cargo airline from the United States, that operated scheduled and chartered flights between 1946 and 1966.
Scheduled flights appear to be suspended, but recent reports indicate that Toumaï Air Tchad had resumed limited operations on Hajj charter flights.
It was the first and now sole Taiwan-based LCC.
Operation started out of Skien the following year.
It is developing commercial spacecraft and aims to provide suborbital spaceflights to space tourists and suborbital launches for space science missions.
Aviacsa ceased operations on May 4, 2011.
Star Air Aviation is a cargo airline based in Karachi, Pakistan.
Started to fly in 2011, but after financial difficulty was sold.
Vision Airlines, formerly Vision Air, was an airline that had its operations headquartered in North Las Vegas, Nevada.
On 5 December 2004 Air Polonia ceased operations due to financial difficulties.
Wataniya Airways' A320 aircraft has a dual-cabin configuration composed of Business and Economy sections.
Instead Norway Airlines started its own service between Oslo and London.
Service to Europe was provided through codeshare partners.
LTU Austria was an airline based in Vienna, Austria.
It operates freight services linking Europe and Asia, United States and Africa, as well as services for government and non-governmental organisations.
It was based in Albany, New York, and flew Beechcraft Bonanza planes between Albany, White Plains, and New York City.
Since 1970, Lufthansa has involved its employees in profit sharing, giving them the opportunity to choose between cash and preference shares.
It was formerly the Aeroflot Vologda division, United Air Detachment of Northern Territorial Board of Civil Aviation, Vologda United Air Detachment and Vologda Air Company.
Between October and December 2015 the fleet of 20 was expanded to 25 after obtaining 5 additional Embraer 175 previously operated by Azul Brazilian Airlines.
However, Chalk's seaplanes were restricted to daylight operations due to the difficulty of landing on water at night.
The 1998 opening of Gardermoen resulted in an intense price war with SAS and Color Air, from which Braathens never recovered financially.
London City Airways was a former British airline which was founded in 1986 by British Midland to operate from London City Airport.
Bavaria Fluggesellschaft was a West German airline founded in 1957 and was merged with Germanair to become Bavaria Germanair in March 1977.
It operates scheduled domestic services and international flights to the Far East, Middle East, Central Asia, and Europe.
By 1962, BEA had sold its 25% minority holding in Jersey Airlines.
Express Freighters Australia is a cargo airline based in Sydney, Australia.
Prime Airlines was formed by HeavyLift Cargo Airlines as a passenger charter carrier.
As Avianca El Salvador, it is one of the seven nationally branded airlines in the Avianca Holdings group of Latin American airlines.
at that time known as Volare S.p.A. and then Volareweb.com.
Emery's successor company, Menlo Worldwide Forwarding, was acquired by UPS at the end of 2004.
It operated business charter flights using its own and wet leased aircraft.
At that stage, it operated an all-jet fleet of 20 aircraft and employed a staff of 3,000.
Puntavia Airline de Djibouti was an airline based in Djibouti City in Djibouti.
Pacific East Asia Cargo Airlines, Inc. is a cargo airline based in Pasay City, Philippines.
Flynas formerly Nas Air, is a domestic and international low-cost airline based in Saudi Arabia, the country's first and only budget airline.
ASACO is a charter airline based in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
The only spell of scheduled traffic, out of Notodden Airport, Tuven, took place between 1985 and 1986.
The company also provides flight training, aerial tours and aircraft maintenance.
In 1962, BUA reorganised its vehicle ferry operations by merging Channel Air Bridge with Silver City Airways.
The company was founded in 2002 and operated a fleet of two Ilyushin Il-114 aircraft, a type of which only 20 have been built.
This makes it the eighth-largest airline in Europe.
African Express Airways is an airline based at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Nairobi, Kenya.
Chrome Air Service was an airline based in Lagos, Nigeria.
It was based at Dallas Love Field in Dallas in Dallas County, Texas.
The airline suspended operations due to bankruptcy on 25 October 2003.
TAME headquarters are in Quito, Pichincha Province and the main hub is Mariscal Sucre International Airport in Quito.
It was intended to fly regional services with two McDonnell Douglas MD-80 aircraft and international services to Brussels, Madrid and Paris with a Boeing 767-300ER.
The airline stopped operating in February 2016 after experiencing financial difficulties.
SMAC is listed in category 2 by Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority for airline safety quality.
The airline operated between 1993 and 2003.
Air Kokshetau was an airline based in Koksetau, Kazakhstan, based at Kokshetau Airport.
It operates scheduled service three days per week between Sanikiluaq and Winnipeg.
Today, The SAirGroup company still exists and is in the process of being liquidated.
flyLAL-Lithuanian Airlines was the national airline of Lithuania, based in Vilnius.
It employs crew based in New Zealand and operates aircraft registered in New Zealand.
Bek Air was founded in 1999 as a business jet operator.
CITIC Offshore Helicopter Co., Ltd. is principally engaged in the provision of offshore helicopter oil services, general aviation transportation services and aviation maintenance services.
The Russian aviation authority suspended their flights from 17 October 2008.
This airline had its hub in Las Américas International Airport of Santo Domingo, and had some operations to Europe from Puerto Plata.
Center-South is a Russian passenger airline based in Belgorod.
But on May 13, 2005, the airline officially declared bankruptcy, cancelled plans to relaunch service, and began the process of liquidation.
Corporate Air Inc. ceased all Philippine operations in 2008.
It is an affiliate of SkyTeam and also a subsidiary of Air France–KLM and operates scheduled European feeder services on behalf of KLM.
From 1996 to 1997, it operated passenger flights out Mazari Sharif Airport using a single Boeing 727-100, competing with Ariana Afghan Airlines.
Shortly after this acquisition, Regentair announced plans to initiate operations to Honolulu, Hawaii using Boeing 747s from Los Angeles and other United States cities.
In 1942, Star Air Lines was purchased by New York City businessman Raymond Marshall.
was an airline based in Semey, Kazakhstan, operating scheduled domestic flights between its home base at Semey Airport and Almaty International Airport.
It is distinct from other Singapore Airlines-owned airlines, SilkAir which is a regional airline serving short-haul destinations, and Tigerair which is a budget airline.
By November, 2003, the Summa Alliance was dissolved and ACES' routes taken over by Avianca.
It operates scheduled and charter passenger and cargo services in central Russia.
Scheduled services to some destinations were offered during the summer season.
Two later airlines used the Braniff name: the Hyatt Hotels-backed Braniff, Inc. in 1984–89, and Braniff International Airlines, Inc. in 1991–92.
All flight activities have been stopped since 16 November 2012, due to financial problems.
Its main base was the domestic terminal at Don Mueang International Airport, then known as Bangkok International Airport.
In 2011, ALADIA group removed Pablo González-Ulloa from his position of chairman of the board of directors and all other positions in the company.
Based at Suvarnabhumi Airport, it started operations in May 2006 to provide both scheduled and charter cargo flight in South East Asia.
It was headquartered in the Torre Viasa in Caracas.
Chautauqua Airlines also operated America West Express regional jet service via a code sharing agreement in support of the America West hub in Columbus, Ohio.
Its main base is San Marcos Municipal Airport.
Linxair was the fastest growing aviation company in Slovenian history and biggest business aviation operator in the area of former Yugoslavia.
Okada Air was an airline based in Benin City, Nigeria.
Wondair is an air charter company based in Valencia, Spain.
The airline launched international services in July 2010 after signing a cooperation agreement with Adria Airways, selling seats for flights from Banja Luka to Ljubljana.
Enerjet is a charter airline with its headquarters at Calgary International Airport in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
It was owned by Eugene F. Plum II, whose family also operated a flight school and other airlines - Perkiomen Airways.
Egyptair is a member of Star Alliance, having joined on 11 July 2008 and also of Arabesk Airline Alliance and the Arab Air Carriers Organization.
Transport Canada's decision was upheld on July 31, 2010 by a judge who turned down AeroPro's request for an injunction against Transport Canada.
Its route network focused on the East Coast of the United States, but it also extended to the West Coast.
KAPO Avia was a large global cargo airline with its main base in Moscow and a secondary base in Kazan.
Air Horizons was an airline based in Paris, France.
Novosibirsk Air Enterprise was an airline based in Novosibirsk, Russia.
It temporarily ceased operations in 2013 due to bad management and financial problem.Operations were restarted in March 2017 with a single Cargo aircraft.
Jett8 Airlines Pte Ltd was a cargo airline based in Singapore, which was incorporated on 8 March 2005.
Flyjet ceased operations from 31 October 2007.
Its head office was in Building 70 in Schiphol Airport East in Haarlemmermeer, Netherlands.
The cargo division operates 91 pure freighter flights weekly.
It was based at Newcastle Airport in Nevis.
Air India Express is an Indian low-cost carrier headquartered in Kochi.
It operated almost 120 flights a day.
It had its head office in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.
Its chartered service flies throughout North America.
Technical and Aeronautical Holdings was a Greek airline formed in 1935 by Stephanos Zotos.
National offered service to a limited number of cities with high traffic to Las Vegas.
It was established in 2005 and so far operates a number of domestic flights, serving 29 destinations.
It operated flights from Gothenburg, Stockholm and Malmö to destinations within Europe.
The airline was the brain child of former Pan Am Captain Ed Perry.
On 15 December 2013 the airline was placed in receivership.
Belle Air Europe was a privately owned low-cost airline, founded in 2009 as a subsidiary by Belle Air, having its head office in Ancona, Italy.
Aero Cóndor, also known as Aero Condor Peru, is an airline based in Lima, the capital of Peru.
Ansett New Zealand was a wholly owned airline subsidiary of Ansett Australia, serving the New Zealand domestic market between 1987 and 2000.
The airline operated flights out of several German airports, with its maintenance base being located at Hamburg Airport.
Its Main base is Zvartnots International Airport, Yerevan.
It operates charter cargo services specializing in priority freight.
AirNet is an American Part 135 cargo airline based in Franklin County, Ohio, USA, near Columbus.
Its main base was Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport.
JetBlue Airways Corporation, stylized as jetBlue, is an American low-cost carrier, and the 6th-largest airline in the United States.
Titan Airways is a British charter airline founded in 1988 and based at London Stansted Airport.
Cambrian Airways was an airline based in the United Kingdom which ran operations from Cardiff Airport and Liverpool Airport between 1935 and 1974.
It previously operated charter services and international scheduled services for Malév Hungarian Airlines.
Regional Airlines was a French regional airline headquartered at Nantes Atlantique Airport and in Bouguenais, France, near Nantes.
Before the takeover, TAM was Brazil's and Latin America's largest airline.
The airline became a full member of SkyTeam in June 2010, and is also a member of the African Airlines Association since 1977.
The airline discontinued operations after the start of the civil war in the early 1990s.
CFM began Essential Air Service to and from Victoria Regional Airport under the "Texas Sky Airways" brand on November 2, 2014.
It had main bases at Congonhas Airport and Guarulhos International Airport, São Paulo.
On 29 November 2011 the City Airline name was dropped after being acquired by Skyways, and all flights were then operated under the Skyways brand.
Its collapse, over lease payments for these massive aircraft, left only the Volga-Dnepr Airlines/Antonov Airlines joint partnership in this market.
Ford Air Transport Service is a defunct airline based in United States of America.
It provides oil industry support services and has extensive helicopter operations.
ABM Air is an airline of Antigua and Barbuda.
From 1970 to 1978 National, Pan American World Airways and Trans World Airlines were the only U.S. airlines that operated scheduled passenger flights to Europe.
European 2000 Airlines is an airline based in Luqa, Malta.
Air Lithuania was a regional airline based in Kaunas in Lithuania.
It aims to promote tourism and connectivity by connecting far flung islands and backwaters with the mainland in a country that has a 7400-kilometre long shoreline.
The airline ceased operations in March 2004.
Its main base is Jorge Chávez International Airport in Lima.
Chicago Air was a regional airline carrier that operated in 1986 and exchanged passengers with all-jet Midway Airlines at Chicago Midway International Airport.
In 2014 the airline carried more than 65 million passengers, making it the second-largest airline in Europe by number of passengers carried, behind Ryanair.
The play premiered on Broadway in 2012.
Tigerair Taiwan is a low-cost carrier based at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport.
But services from Stansted to Jersey are going to restart in May 2009.
Société Nationale Air Mali, or Air Mali as it was most commonly known, was the former national airline of the Republic of Mali.
Its main base is in Fairbanks, with hubs in Barrow, Anchorage, Kotzebue and Bethel.
Avianca Honduras, is an airline based in San Pedro Sula, Honduras.
Transportes Aéreos Cielos Andinos, normally referred to as Cielos Andinos, is an airline based in Lima, Peru.
Teddy Air AS was a regional airline, based at Skien Airport, Geiteryggen, in Norway.
Swanberg Air was an airline based in Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada.
The airline, which formerly traded as Eastern Air, is no longer operating.
Coastal Air operates Cessna 402 and 404 nine passenger airplanes.
Cathay Pacific's subsidiary Cathay Dragon is an affiliate member of Oneworld.
SAS Braathens carried around 9 million passengers in 2006.
The airline originally flew from Marshfield, to Wisconsin Rapids, to Milwaukee, and onto Chicago..
Profit for the first half of 2005 came to NOK 206 million.
It was operating for United Express when it became defunct.
ASKY Airlines is a passenger airline founded on the initiative of West African governments, and has its head office in Lomé, Togo.
Eastland Air was an airline based in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia.
It also leased aircraft from parent company, Air Malta, for charter operations.
The airline became part of the US Airways Group after it acquired the larger airline in 2005 and adopted the US Airways brand name.
OJSC "SAT Airlines — Sakhalinskie Aviatrassy", commonly known as SAT Airlines, was an airline based in Sakhalin, Russia.
The company was based in Algiers Houari Boumedienne Airport.
Air Seychelles is the national airline of the Republic of Seychelles.
Athens Airways was a Greek regional airline, headquartered in Koropi, Athens.
Flight Express, Inc. operates as an air courier company in the Southeast and Midwest United States.
It was established in 1997 and operated domestic passenger and cargo services.
Jetstar is part of Qantas' two brand strategy of having Qantas Airways for the premium full-service market and Jetstar for the low-cost market.
The airline's main hub was La Romana International Airport.
It operated chartered passenger and cargo flights, mostly to and from Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport.
In the past, the airline provided charter service to sports teams and businesses using Boeing 737 aircraft sporting various seat configurations.
It went into administration due to financial problems and the airline declared bankruptcy on 16 December 2009.
Royal Air Maroc Express is a regional airline and 100% subsidiary of Royal Air Maroc based in Casablanca, Morocco.
In January 2009 the airline was placed in receivership.
It operates services to 34 communities in Nunavut, Nunavik, and the Northwest Territories.
Its main bases were Mallam Aminu International Airport, Kano and Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Lagos.
1091, for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity to engage in air transportation in Wyoming, Colorado, and Nebraska.
Wataniya Airways was the first and only commercial airline to operate its flights out of a private terminal in Kuwait.
Hispaniola operated Boeing 707 and Douglas DC-8 jetliners.
Taban Air is an airline headquartered in the Ekbatan Complex in Tehran, Iran, with its main operational base in Mashhad.
Pilots have wonderful memories of the good times and say it was the best jobs they ever had in aviation.
The airline has not been taken over by Russian aviation fuel supplier TOAP that has blamed the credit crisis for the failure of the plan.
The company operates charter flights throughout Europe and the Middle East.
Bingo Airways was a Polish charter airline based at Warsaw Chopin and Katowice Airports.
One of the latter was lost in 1971 in the crash of Paninternational Flight 112.
Upali Air is one of the defunct airlines of Sri Lanka.
Sundt Air is a Norwegian operator of corporate jets based in Oslo.
Ltd. was an airline based in Nepal which started operations in March 2006.
In July 2016, Charlie Airlines acquired the rights to use the Cyprus Airways trademarks and brand.
Odessa Airlines was an airline based in Odessa, Ukraine.
Its main base is Abruzzo International Airport, Pescara.
It was acquired by China Eastern Airlines in 1997.
It suspended inter-island operations in late 2014, shortly after a change of ownership to concentrate on a non stop schedule directly to the US.
United is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's largest airline alliance.
This date was later pushed back to 1 May citing problems with the delivery of their aircraft.
Western Air has its headquarters on the grounds of San Andros Airport in Andros Island, Bahamas.
Western Air Limited is the largest privately owned airline in the Bahamas.
Timor Air was an airline launched in partnership with Vincent Aviation in July 2011.
The company took delivery of a second Airvan in 2013 and a third replaced the Cherokee 6 in 2015 .
Pakistan International Airlines commonly known as PIA is the national flag carrier of Pakistan.
WestJet Airlines Ltd. is a Canadian airline founded in 1996.
It operates scheduled inter-island passenger services in Hawaii.
In its early days the airline did charters throughout the World and had bases in Chicago, Detroit, New York, Indianapolis, Oakland and Milwaukee.
It was established in September 1947 and ceased operations on 9 January 2015.
NAC Operations is the flight operations and charter division.
The airline is a member of the International Air Transport Association, the Arab Air Carriers Organization, and of the African Airlines Association since 1968.
Transport Aérien Transrégional was a French regional airline with its head office on the grounds of Tours Val de Loire Airport in Tours.
Before its dissolution it was headquartered at Miami International Airport in an unincorporated area of Miami-Dade County, Florida.
It was established in 1991 and operates passenger and cargo services, including charters and wet leases for other airlines.
The airline is on the list of air carriers banned in the European Union.
Its main base is La Aurora International Airport, Guatemala City.
The airline ceased operations in 2015 but was said to be restarting operations as of mid-2016.
They intend to re-enter the domestic market with 3 brand new ATR-72 aircraft.
Trans Air Congo is an airline based at Pointe Noire Airport in Pointe-Noire, Republic of the Congo.
The airline's main operational base is at King Abdulaziz International Airport in Jeddah.
They never had any aircraft, or that was visible at Clark.
City-Air was an airline based in Germany which suspended operations in February 2004 and was expected to file for insolvency.
It ceased operations on September 14, 1978.
The airline is on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
It was headquartered in Wichita, Kansas, United States, and was a subsidiary of Mesa Air Group.
In the 2015 financial year to June, Air New Zealand carried 14.29 million passengers.
Cathay Pacific operated a fleet of wide-body aircraft, consisting of Airbus A330, Airbus A350, and Boeing 777 equipment.
President Airlines was an airline based in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
Elite Class is onboard Boeing 777 and selected Boeing 747 aircraft.
Corporate Air is an airline based in Billings, Montana, United States.
Qantas and Jetstar are operating services to replace Australian Airlines' routes, with Jetstar International introduced in late 2006 to help expand the Qantas Group's international presence.
Pos AsiaCargo Express Sdn Bhd is a Malaysian cargo air service that operates for Poslaju.
Inversija was a cargo airline based in Riga, Latvia.
In the past, Air Belgium was a charter airline that operated from Brussels Airport during the 1980s and 1990s.
All services were suspended in 2014 due to cashflow problems, but relaunch in 2017 has become a possibility following restructuring and cash injection.
It flew between Taipei and Hong Kong using the code BR, which BA had inherited from British Caledonian, while the flight from London used BA.
Alhaji Ahmadu Chanchangi, its founder, hails from Chanchangi village in Takum Local Government of Taraba state, Nigeria.
Fresh Air was a cargo airline based in Ikeja, Lagos, Nigeria.
As of December 2014, Aerolíneas Argentinas was state-owned.
Cal Jet Air Inc. d/b/a Cal Jet Elite Air is a United States charter airline business headquartered in Carlsbad, California United States.
Most flights to international destinations operate from Dushanbe.
For a brief period the airline operated a route between Malta and Catania, Sicily, with hopes to provide a luxury service at low cost.
Air Georgian is a certified dealer of Pratt & Whitney ADAS systems and is the Canadian Service Ctr for the Hawker Premier.
It became operational in June 1995 having acquired an air-taxi-operator's certificate from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation to operate four Fokkers on domestic routes.
It operated scheduled and chartered passenger and cargo flights, linking Harle Airfield to the East Frisian Islands.
Vistajet was a low-cost airline based in Canada.
Royal Tongan Airlines was the national airline of Tonga until liquidation in 2004.
In the spring of 2013 the aircraft operation was transferred to AIS Airlines, using two British Aerospace Jetstream 32.
It was established in 2004 and started operations in November 2004.
Some flights were restarted on a discontinuous basis in November that year.
It began operations in 1936 with five General Aircraft Monospar aircraft manufactured by General Aircraft Limited in England.
Its main base was Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport.
It was headquartered in the Brown Invest Building in Oranjestad, Aruba.
Eurojet Airlines was an airline based in France founded in 2003.
A/S Bergen Aviation was a Norwegian airline that never operated any flights.
Ryanair retained a 30% stake in Aer Lingus which it agreed to sell to IAG on 10 July 2015 for €2.55 per share.
Waterfront Air is an airline started in 2008 with the aim of reintroducing seaplane services from Hong Kong's Victoria Harbour.
Their head office is located in the Isles of Scilly Travel Centre in Penzance, Cornwall.
Its main focus is on the ambulance flight service provided to Iceland and charter flights to airfields in Iceland and Greenland.
It also operated charter and air taxi flights.
Its inaugural flight was on December 4, 2013 on Bangkok - Chiang Mai route, with full services one day later.
NextJet is the largest regional airline in Sweden.
It provided a range of services including charter work for the Australian military, and also provided wet-leases for other carriers, particularly airlines in the South Pacific.
Transcarga is a cargo airline based in Caracas, Venezuela.
On 28 February 2017, it suspended operations until further notice.
Japan Air Commuter Co., Ltd. is a Japanese airline based in Kirishima, Kagoshima Prefecture.
Its headquarters were located on the grounds of Washington-Dulles International Airport, and in the Dulles area of Loudoun County, Virginia, United States.
It was founded as Gateway Aviation, and had its headquarters in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
In an August 1992 Philadelphia Inquirer article Donald D. Groff compared Family Airlines to People Express Airlines.
The airline filed for bankruptcy on 3 May 2012.
The former owned and operated 17 hotels at the destinations served by UTA's worldwide scheduled network.
Blue Sky was the flag carrier and a charter airline based in Yerevan.
Orient Eagle Airways was an airline based in Kazakhstan, operating VIP charter flights for the Government of Kazakhstan.
Olsen & Co., which owned it through its subsidiaries Ganger Rolf and Bonheur.
It was based in Helsinki and also carried out nightmail and business flights, as well as wet-leasing aircraft, maintenance, flight school and aircraft sales.
It had operated one Boeing 737-400, but ceased operations in November 2003.
Fly Me Europe AB, operating as FlyMe, was a low-cost airline based in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Kavminvodyavia was an airline based in Mineralnye Vody in the Caucasus, Russia.
MJET GmbH is an Austrian air operator registered in Vienna, Austria.
Its head office is in the Don Mueang District, Bangkok.
The purchase was completed on March 4, 2013, with AJET taking control of Ryan's Part-121 scheduled-air-carrier license and collective-bargaining agreement with flight attendants and pilots.
It operated charter and vacation flights to Asia and the Caribbean.
It had its head office on the grounds of East Midlands International Airport in Castle Donington, Leicestershire.
GAP Komiavia losses increased and it finally went bankrupt, after which the company was transferred to the newly created GAP Komiaviatrans, based in Syktyvkar, Komi.
Based at Kildonan Aerodrome and Collinstown Dublin, it operated between 1931 and 1995.
Air Greece was an airline based in Heraklion, Greece.
It operated a scheduled network of services linking five domestic and one international destination.
Tofino Air is a small Canadian airline offering floatplane service from Tofino, British Columbia.
It was the first airline to have a permanent base in Nunavut.
In addition to Miami, New York used to be a base for Modern Air.
It had operated basic services within Cuba, as well as some Caribbean charters.
It operates regional scheduled services and charter flights across East and Central Africa.
It is a subsidiarity of Orbest, an airline bought by Barceló Group in 2013 following the collapse of Orizonia Corporation.
It operated passenger and cargo charters to Africa, Asia and the Mediterranean, as well as dry and wet leasing of aircraft to other airlines.
Krohn Air AS was a virtual, regional airline whose primary route was between Molde Airport, Årø to Trondheim Airport, Værnes in Norway.
Its main base was Stockholm-Arlanda Airport, Stockholm.
Eastern SkyJets was a charter airline with full infrastructure based at Dubai International Airport and Ras Al Khaima airport.
Its main bases are Boryspil International Airport and Zhulyany International Airport.
Air Midwest was shut down by its parent company, Mesa Airlines, in June 2008.
It operates services to destinations in Europe, Middle East and North Africa.
The company was founded in 1991 and liquidated in 2007.
Despite the country’s small size, the road network is in poor condition.
It is owned by Elling Halvorson and has 70 employees.
The airline is sometimes referred to as "Braniff II".
It flew three Convair 440 planes, which were available for public charters, and Cessna 310s for the scheduled commuter flights to Boston.
Air Cairo is a low fare airline based in Cairo, Egypt.
Haïti Ambassador Airlines was an airline based in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Tulpar Air was based in Kazan, Russia, and was established in late 2004 by absorbing the airline Atlas which specialized in helicopter transport.
A route from Notodden to Stavanger commenced in 2011, followed the following year with a route from Notodden to Bergen.
The airline is owned and operated by Transat A.T. Inc.
Caucasus Airlines was a regional airline based in Georgia which served domestic destinations and countries in the region.
Air BVI was an airline which operated in the British Virgin Islands.
Amber Air was an airline based in Vilnius, Lithuania, operating scheduled and chartered flights out of Palanga International Airport.
Although most of its revenue and traffic comes from locations outside of Alaska, the airline plays a major role in air transportation in the state.
Pel-Air Aviation Pty Ltd is an airline based in Mascot, Sydney, Australia.
Lufthansa Italia S.p.A was an Italian airline and a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Lufthansa Group headquartered in Milan and based at Milan–Malpensa Airport.
SriLankan Airlines joined the Oneworld airline alliance on 1 May 2014.
It is the world's third-largest airline when measured by revenue, after American Airlines and Delta Air Lines.
AB Airlines was an airline with its head office in the Enterprise House on the property of London Stansted Airport in Uttlesford, Essex.
All of the owners and key personnel of Austin Express were formerly employed by Conquest which had also been based in Austin.
However, JetAmerica did not begin service as it was unable to finalize slots at Newark.
The service is used for domestic and international intensive care units.
De Kroonduif, a former subsidiary of Dutch airline KLM, was the national carrier of Netherlands New Guinea, between 1955 and 1963.
Today, it operates scheduled, charter, and cargo flights.
Its main base is Budapest Ferihegy International Airport.
On August 29, 2012 the government stocks were offered for purchase at the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange.
SAM ceased operations at the end of 1976 and was put on liquidation on 1981.
It provides scheduled services out of Houari Boumedienne Airport, as well as charter flights on behalf of the Algerian oil industry.
IBC Airways is an FAR Part 135 on-demand airline headquartered in unincorporated Broward County, Florida, near Fort Lauderdale.
Harding, Jr., Don Earhart and actor James Stewart; Stewart remained on the board for many years.
Its head office is in Andheri, Mumbai and registered office in UB City, Bengaluru.
Its main base is Maastricht Aachen Airport.
Since then, the company has grown to become one of the leading domestic commercial airlines in Guyana.
Its hub is at Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport.
VIP Wings, a privately owned Slovak company, was the holder of the licences and the AOC.
Zircon Airways Benin was an airline based in Benin.
Sky Regional was the first airline in Canada to adopt the Electronic Flight Bag.
As of December 2010 the only aircraft of the airline has been stored at Mumbai.
Operations of Bechuanaland National Airways were taken over by Botswana National Airways at the end of 1966, of which Gibson was also involved in setting up.
FlyOristano was a regional airline based in Oristano, Italy.
Charters were operated utilizing a combination of Cessna, de Havilland Beaver, de Havilland Otter, Piper Aztec and Piper Navajo aircraft.
Presidential Airways was an airline with its headquarters on the grounds of Washington Dulles International Airport in Northern Virginia.
The company's name is a Brazilian Portuguese and Spanish word borrowing from the English word "goal" from Association football.
The last regional jet flight operated in August 2004.
Its main base is Kagoshima Airport, with hubs at Osaka International Airport, Amami Airport and Fukuoka Airport.
BUA's management amalgamated the Channel Islands scheduled passenger and freight services of these airlines and Silver City's northern division to create a single airline, BUA.
Monacair is a Monegasque airline based at Monaco Heliport.
Southern Winds was founded by Juan Maggio, who served as president of the company.
This concern was founded in 1991 by O. G. Chernov.
Click Airways was an airline based in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.
Its head office is in Bowen Hills, Brisbane.
It was popular and publicized by the media as the first low-price "airline" to operate between LAX and Honolulu in many years.
Florida West ceased operations on February 28, 2017.
The airline is licensed by the Department of Transportation to provide privately arranged flights and in addition scheduled public flights.
PJSC Aeroflot – Russian Airlines, commonly known as Aeroflot, is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Russian Federation.
Under a Capacity Purchase Agreement, Air Canada sets the Jazz route network and flight schedule, and purchases all of Jazz’s seat capacity based on predetermined rates.
On August 27, 2015, the airline suspended operations.
Allegro Airlines offered 212 domestic and international flights to the U.S. every week.
Transaero, officially OJSC Transaero Airlines, was a Russian airline with its head office in Saint Petersburg.
Indus Air was a regional domestic airline based in Ghaziabad, India.
Its main base was Gothenburg City Airport.
The airline was founded in 1990 as Airtours International Airways.
I saw it frequently there in the late 1970's, early 80's.
BMI Regional was sold to Sector Aviation Holdings in May 2012 operating as an independent airline from October 2012.
Air Republiq Airlines is an airline in the Philippines running unscheduled flights to the northern Philippines.
The airline headquarters is in Santa Ana and they have hired 22 employees including pilots, administrative personnel, and operations managers.
The airline was managed by a number of foreign companies, including British Airways, the Dutch company KLM and South African Airways.
Flights to Aberdeen started on 4 June 2007 with five flights each week.
Avion Express is a Lithuanian airline headquartered in Vilnius that specializes in providing capacity to other airlines under the ACMI concept.
Both companies had their head office in Hendra, a suburb of Brisbane.
It had its head office at Cambridge Airport, Cambridgeshire.
Widerøe's Flyveselskap AS, trading as Widerøe, is the largest regional airline operating in the Nordic countries.
Sun Air presently operates scheduled domestic flights between Khartoum and Juba, Nyala, Port Sudan, Al-Fashir and Geneina.
Blink is a British commercial aviation operation which provides private Jet travel using Cessna Citation Mustang Very Light Jets.
The airline has been purchased from Arnold Leonora by the Curaçao government for a cash injection sum of two injections of 1.5m Guilders.
Delta Express was a no-frills "airline within an airline" brand owned and operated by Delta Air Lines from 1996 to 2003.
It was called Merlin Express before it changed ownership.
It operated regional scheduled and charter passenger services.
EgyptAir Express is a regional airline based in Cairo, Egypt.
Vancouver Island Air is a Vancouver Island seaplane company serving coastal British Columbia, based in Campbell River.
Buzz was a British low-cost airline operating services within Europe.
It also began service from Pikeville, Kentucky to Nashville International Airport on October 27, 2014 under the "Appalachian Air" brand.
Its main base is El Dorado International Airport, Bogotá.
It was founded in 1993 and continued to operate for 18 years until closing down in 2011.
Maersk Air UK commenced operations with BAC One-Eleven and Jetstream 31 aircraft.
Its de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter and DHC-7 Dash 7 turboprop aircraft were capable of STOL operations.
Pan American-Grace Airways, better known as Panagra, was an airline formed as a joint venture between Pan American World Airways and Grace Shipping Company.
Pinnacle Airlines Corporation phased out the Colgan Air name on September 5, 2012 and transferred operations to other subsidiaries.
It initially operated a fleet of Airbus A300, McDonnell-Douglas MD-80, MD-90 and, later, Airbus A321 aircraft.
In 1953, Silver City took delivery of its first Bristol Superfreighter.
It operated from Oslo Airport, Gardermoen in 1998 and 1999 with a fleet of three Boeing 737-300 aircraft.
It also had authorization for, but did not operate, international services to Kazakhstan.
Hyannis Air Service, Inc., operating as Cape Air, is an airline headquartered at Barnstable Municipal Airport in Barnstable, Massachusetts, United States.
The airline was founded as "Kalstar Tour-Travel Co., Ltd" in Samarinda in December 1993 by Andi Masyhur.
The airline flies to 52 destinations in 17 countries, excluding codeshared services.
Its main base was Kotoka International Airport, Accra.
It also undertakes agricultural flying, aerial photography and emergency medical evacuation services.
Regional services were introduced with Scandinavian Airlines Systems, followed by Fokker 50s entering service from 1988.
It mainly operated regional short-haul scheduled services within the British Isles and between the United Kingdom and Continental Europe.
Ethiopian Airlines operates it under a management contract and owns 49% of the airline after it emerged as the winner following competitive bidding.
It was established in 2012 after the liquidation of Air Malawi, the former national airline.
Its main base is Oakland County International Airport located 6 miles west of Pontiac, Michigan.
The airline's main bases are Leipzig/Halle Airport and Sofia Airport.
Finally, "Sundance" became the call sign until WestAir went out of business.
Tor Air AB, operated as Tor Air, was a charter airline based in Gothenburg, Sweden.
It operated from 1991 to 2001, when it was liquidated by bankruptcy.
Cathay Pacific is the flag carrier of Hong Kong, with its head office and main hub located at Hong Kong International Airport.
The airline is on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
It provides scheduled domestic services and flights and charters to destinations in Europe and the Middle East.
The route operated was Winnipeg - Nanjing - Shenzhen - Winnipeg.
Hahn Air is a wholly owned subsidiary of Saspo Holding GmbH, with its headquarters in Dreieich near Frankfurt.
Over the years, it has served a variety of domestic, regional, and intercontinental destinations.
Bergen Airport, Flesland opened in 1955, thus removing most of the traffic from Sandviken.
The company is currently the largest Brazilian airline by market share and fleet size, though it is not Brazil's official flag carrier.
West Atlantic Sweden have an annual turnover in excess of €100 million and employ some 650 staff to operate a fleet in excess of 50 aircraft.
AAXICO was an airline based in the United States.
KF Cargo is a cargo airline based in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.
At its inception, BUA assumed the aircraft and operations of its predecessors.
The anticipated synergies of the two modes of transportation were entirely absent.
Its main base is Yellowknife Airport and the airline was previously owned by the Arychuk family.
The airline, which effectively replaced the defunct Nigeria Airways, was founded in 2004 as a joint venture between Nigerian investors and the Virgin Group.
Mahalo Air was an airline that provided inter-island service within the state of Hawaii between 1993 and 1997.
SriLankan Air Taxi was the domestic branch of SriLankan Airlines.
Kendell Airlines was a regional airline in Australia, in the 1990s the largest in the country.
From March 2004 two aircraft were replaced with two McDonnell Douglas MD-82s.
Hazelton Air Services Pty Limited, trading as Hazelton Airlines, was an Australian regional airline which operated until 2001.
Integra Air offers chartered and scheduled flight services, as well as air ambulance medivac services out of Lethbridge, Alberta.
May and Saxby continued to manage the airline for a short period after the sale.
The fleet consisted of 3 Ilyushin Il-76.
In 2000, the Skyservice USA titles were replaced with SunTrips titles on the aircraft.
It is a subsidiary of SunExpress, which itself is a joint-venture of Turkish Airlines and Lufthansa.
It was operational between 1977 and 1998.
Kyokushin Air was a commuter airline serving visitors and residents of Sado Island, Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
Air Nova was an airline based in Enfield, Nova Scotia, Canada that became part of Air Canada Regional in 2001.
Operating under the brand name Delta Connection, Comair operated passenger services to destinations in the USA, Canada, Mexico and the Bahamas.
The company logo is a stylised chamois; these are wild goat-like antelope which inhabits the region of the South Island High Country.
However, PAL's vision to re-establish itself as one of Asia's premier carriers, is still the matter of greatest importance.
Jal Hans is a commercial seaplane service based in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands of India.
It began domestic operations on July 9, 2007 to Andahuaylas.
Air Universal was registered Jordanian Ministry of Industry and Trade.
It operated a fleet of BAe 146's and Shorts 360's between 1987 and 1992.
It operates scheduled and charter services to airports in the country not served by Lao Airlines.
Nordic Regional was an airline based in Umeå, Sweden.
It served a multitude of regional European destinations on behalf of Sabena during the 1990s and early 2000s.
On 29 October 2008, Sterling filed for bankruptcy and ceased operations.
West Australian Airways was an Australian airline based out of Geraldton, Western Australia.
It operated passenger charter services throughout Europe.
Frank Lorenzo acquired Eastern in 1985 and moved many of its assets to his other airlines, including Continental Airlines and Texas Air.
It is a scheduled airline operating passenger and cargo flights within Peru.
Kuwait Airways is a member of the Arab Air Carriers Organization.
Ada Air Sh.p.k was a regional airline based in Tirana, Albania.
Its training center is on the grounds of George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston.
Two of the new Boeings are scheduled to arrive in 2018, and the remainder the following year.
Rotana Jet is an airline with its corporate head office at Al Bateen Executive Airport.
BackpackersXpress was a proposed airline to have been based in Melbourne, Australia.
It operates domestic/international on demand cargo and passenger charter flights, as well as contract flights for FedEx, UPS, and Government.
Tehran-Imam Khomeini and Tehran-Mehrabad are its main bases for international and domestic flights.
Its main base is Winnipeg International Airport.
It also operates services from eight other bases around the United Kingdom.
It operated both domestic and international flights.
These included US Air and Empire Airlines, both with route networks heavily focused on the New York state and Northeast markets that Brockway served.
Total Linhas Aéreas S/A is an airline based in Belo Horizonte, Brazil, founded in 1988.
Polet is the Russian word for flight.
Instone Air Line was an early British airline from 1919 to 1924.
Its headquarters and main operation center is Grand Canyon National Park Airport and Boulder City Airport, Nevada.
Orient Airways Ltd. was an airline established in 1946 with its base in Calcutta, Bengal, British Raj.
Pan Am stopped Pan Am Cargo operations in 1983.
It operates regional services from and to Amakusa.
Pacific Air Transport was an important early US airline.
The airline plans to recruit 120 people, many from Avianca airline which dismantled its Costa Rican hub in May 2013, dismissing 261 employees.
Airwork Limited, also referred to during its history as Airwork Services Limited, is a wholly owned subsidiary company of VT Group plc.
There was an additional base established early 2006 at Helsinki-Vantaa International Airport, since there were no routes to/from Tampere at that time.
Midwest Airlines' final flight operated with a Boeing 717-200 and staffed with Midwest Airlines flight crews landed in Milwaukee on November 2, 2009.
In March 2016 the airline was bought by founder Pat Byrne and other investors.
The privately owned airline, incorporated in Barbados featured a fleet of McDonnell Douglas MD-82 and MD-83 aircraft.
Kenn Borek Air is an airline based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
The airline merged with MAEFORT and Aeroflot in 1944-46 into MASZOVLET a forerunner of MALÉV Hungarian Airlines.
The airline signed agreement with US-based aircraft manufacturer Boeing for 50 737 Max 10 passenger jets worth $6.24 billion in June, 2017.
Alas Nacionales was a Dominican Republic-based carrier that operated flights between Dominican Republic and Europe and United States.
It operates charter flights both domestically and to destinations throughout Africa.
It provides helicopter services to Angolan oil facilities, both onshore and offshore, as well as scheduled and charter services within Africa and to the United States.
It is Russia's largest regional carrier with a fleet of 44 aircraft and helicopters.
Glaciers form only on land and are distinct from the much thinner sea ice and lake ice that form on the surface of bodies of water.
MK Airlines Ltd. was a cargo airline from Ghana, which was operational between 1990 and 2010, concentrating on freight services to and from Africa.
Penas Air served five cities in Indonesia.
Delta's lone wholly owned regional airline, Endeavor Air, also resides under the Delta Connection banner.
It operates domestic cargo flights, as well as extensive charter and air taxi services.
It was headquartered in Dania Beach, Florida.
Bravo Airlines was an airline based in Madrid, Spain operating long-haul passenger and cargo services between Europe and Africa.
From its hub at Harare International Airport, the carrier used to operate a network within southern Africa that also included Asia and London-Gatwick.
By that time, the airline had emerged as one of the healthiest and most securely financed independent airlines in Britain.
It specializes in the transport of cargo for banking and financial institutions, life sciences organizations, newspaper publishers, overnight freight delivery companies, and payroll and photographic processors.
Solenta Aviation also operates extensively for the oil and gas industry, offering passenger charter, cargo and aircraft lease services.
On October 1, 2010, Air Next, Air Central and Air Nippon Network were merged and rebranded as ANA Wings.
Allegiant Air is an American low-cost airline that operates scheduled and charter flights.
Piedmont Airlines, Inc. also provides ground handling and customer service for airports in the Northeastern & Western parts of the United States.
Its head office is in Khalifa City, Abu Dhabi, near Abu Dhabi International Airport.
It operated scheduled domestic services and charter flights within West Africa.
CAL Cargo Airlines Ltd. is an all cargo airline with its corporate headquarters in the Airport City development of Ben Gurion International Airport, Israel.
It shares its corporate design, website and operating model with its Dutch sister company, Transavia.
As a member of Star Alliance, it operates 14 domestic and 90 international passenger routes, and 27 cargo routes throughout Asia, Europe, North America, and Oceania.
PrivatAir is a Swiss airline operating business jets, headquartered at Geneva Airport in Meyrin.
Jet Time A/S is a Danish scheduled and charter airline with its head office in Kastrup, Tårnby Municipality, and its main base at Copenhagen Airport.
It operates domestic and international passenger flights and cargo services to Europe, the Middle East, the United States and Asia.
Overland Airways is an airline based in Ikeja, Lagos State.
The new company formed from Simmons Airlines was called American Eagle Airlines.
Thunder Airlines is a Canadian scheduled flight, charter and Medevac airline based in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
It is a fully owned subsidiary of Virgin Australia Holdings.
The carrier operates flights to Estonia, Germany, Lithuania, Romania, Sweden and 16 destinations within Finland from its base at Helsinki-Vantaa Airport.
Its current base is El Arish International Airport.
Its main base was VC Bird International Airport, St John's.
This article is not about Western Express Air Lines.
GoJet's Delta Connection flights currently operate out of Lambert-Saint Louis International Airport , Detroit Metropolitan Airport and Raleigh-Durham International Airport.
Ten Airways was a charter airline that launched operations in 2009, as a successor of JeTran Air.
Kuwait Airways is the national carrier of Kuwait, with its head office on the grounds of Kuwait International Airport, Al Farwaniyah Governorate.
There have been air pacts and agreements in this region, that Mosphil will likely take advantage of.
Ecoair International used to carry out flights to Europe, including Brussels-Charleroi, and North Africa as well as within Algeria.
Its headquarters were in Crawley, West Sussex, near London Gatwick Airport.
The company is based in the UK, and employs more than eighty people in two offices located in London and Glasgow.
Matt Thompson was a businessman who had founded the successful Car Haulaways Transport Group.
MEGA Maldives Airlines was a Maldivian airline based at Ibrahim Nasir International Airport.
In 1974, Air East's commercial certificate was revoked by the FAA.
After the collapse of its main proposed shareholder SkyAirWorld, the future of the Lion Air Australia is uncertain.
In 1993 it began a strategic alliance with KLM and a jointly-coordinated European hub at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Falcon Aviation Services is a certified charter aviation company based in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
It was based in the town of Peace River, Alberta.
For the Australian airline which operated as Corporate Air, see Fly Corporate.
The airline was launched in 2002 and shut down in 2009 following two fatal accidents that had occurred in the same year.
It was privately owned and operated a medium-sized European network from its main base at Landvetter.
It is a fully owned subsidiary of Uni-top Industrial Corporation from Shenzen.
Jet2.com also offers a charter service through its Jet2charters brand.
In order to reduce losses and increase productivity, the government approved the merger of Mihin Lanka with SriLankan Airlines by the end of 2016.
SAS is also one of the founding members of the world's largest alliance, Star Alliance.
Its main bases were Marseille Provence Airport and Paris-Charles de Gaulle.
Daimler Airway was an airline subsidiary of the Birmingham Small Arms Company's Daimler Company.
Its main HUB base is Malabo International Airport.
The airline was folded into the operation of Philippine Airlines which was re-nationalized by the Philippine government and became the national flag carrier.
The airline lost 1 billion FF that year, and in 1997 British Airways acquired 70% of the shareholding.
flydubai, legally Dubai Aviation Corporation, is a government-owned low-cost airline with its head office and flight operations in Terminal 2 of Dubai International Airport.
It was a Mexicana de Aviación subsidiary and operated cargo flights in Mexico and the United States.
Several of these are on contract to United Parcel Service and operate out of Cologne Bonn Airport, Germany.
Clinton Aero had been formed to operate to several small cities in northern New York state, replacing service previously provided by Air North.
It operated scheduled and charter flights within Russia, and international flights to Asia.
CanJet was wholly owned by IMP Group International and had 572 employees as of March 2007.
The fleet consists of specially configured Boeing 757-200 aircraft with three classes of service: United BusinessFirst, United Economy Plus, and United Economy.
It provides aircraft leases worldwide to the oil and mining industries and to humanitarian organisations.
Nature Air is an airline based in San José, Costa Rica.
Silverline Helicopters provides charter flights within areas including tourism, sightseeing, utility work, patrol, aerial firefighting and helicopter training.
Shandong Airlines was established on 12 March 1994 and started operations in September of the same year.
Today, it operates exclusively in Air Berlin's route network and corporate design.
As of 2004 its headquarters was in the Avianca headquarters in Bogotá.
Avianca Cargo is a cargo airline based at José María Córdova International Airport in Medellín, Colombia.
In early 1981, the airline was purchased and its name was changed to Crown Air which operated until 1988.
Highland Express Airways was an airline based in Scotland.
It provides charter services and business flights, aviation management and project support.
It operates scheduled domestic passenger services and regional international services.
Vayudoot was a regional airline in India established on 20 January 1981 as a joint-venture between the two state-owned carriers, Indian Airlines and Air India.
The airline is no longer in business.
It operated services as part of the Grupo TACA Regional Airlines system.
Airest is an Estonian-owned airline that started in January 2002, operating regular cargo and charter passenger flights.
It carried 2.5 million passengers in 2009 and had around 850 employees as of summer 2014.
The Transportation Ministry in February 2007 delayed license revocation of 11 idle airlines, including Bali Air, to give restructuring opportunities to the operators.
Severstal Aircompany is an airline with its head office on the property of Cherepovets Airport in Botovo village, Cherepovetsky District, Russia.
International AirLink is an Air Charter airline based in Jamaica.
It used Boeing 737-200 aircraft leased from Lufthansa and had an incident free track record of flying.
There are 3 types of sight-seeing services which are shared charter(15-minute), private charter(15/30/45-minute) as well as Michael Wong Experience(20-minute).
Cardig Air officially began its operating activities in January 2009.
Entebbe was a major hub for business in east and southern Africa and also for flights from Bangkok which stage through Dubai.
Founded in 2002, and named after the Greek God of the dusk, it entered administration on 21 November 2011, ceasing operations the same day.
The shuttle had various food and beverage offerings that included:
It was established in 2003 and started operations on 1 February 2003 and operates a cargo service between Jayapura and Wamena.
On 4 May 2011, parent company Virgin Blue announced the rebranding of all of its services under the new brand Virgin Australia.
It operated domestic services, as well as regional flights to Thailand out of Phnom Penh International Airport and Angkor International Airport, Siem Reap.
The geographical position of Iceland allows one-stop transatlantic flights, which are one pillar of the airline's business strategy, along with traffic to and from the country.
The airline was allowed to continue operating cargo flights.
British Airtours was a British charter airline with flight operations out of London Gatwick and Manchester Airport.
Its main base was at Kamuzu International Airport.
UTair Express was a Russian regional airline headquartered in Syktyvkar, Komi, and a subsidiary of UTair Aviation.
The expanded fleet and facilities enabled the launch of a new brand - Kingfisher Tours - and subsequent growth in scenic tour operations.
It operates inter-island scheduled services throughout the Cook Islands.
The airline then changed its name to Texas International and continued to grow.
Increased domestic competition on routes started from 1987, along with Braathens SAFE again starting international routes.
Samoa Air was a small airline from Samoa that operated scheduled flights between the domestic islands as well as to American Samoa.
Nicaragua Airways is the potential future national flag carrier of Nicaragua.
Air Pacific was a commuter airline based in the United States that operated regional flights wholly within the state of California.
Țiriac Air is a Romanian corporate charter airline with its head office at Henri Coandă International Airport near Bucharest, operating from Henri Coandă International Airport.
About five months later in March 2009, however, Air Busan's boarding rate exceeded that of its competitor, 54.7 percent to 54.1 percent.
Great Lakes Airlines was a regional airline in Canada.
This resulted in a management buyout and the following year's formation of a new company trading as Skyways International to succeed the defunct Skyways Coach-Air.
It was set up on 1 January 1946, starting operations the same year.
It had a near monopoly in air travel between New York and Florida from the 1930s until the 1950s and dominated this market for decades afterward.
Tickets were sold only via the Internet, by telephone or in supermarkets; when bought from travel agents, there was a 200 kr surcharge.
It operated scheduled domestic passenger services from Frankfurt-Hahn Airport.
Air Canada is the flag carrier and largest airline of Canada.
On October 1, 2010, UAL Corporation and Continental Airlines merged to form United Continental Holdings, the holding company for the newly merged United Airlines.
As of November 2013, Cape Air received $32,241,274 in annual federal subsidies for Essential Air Services that they provided to rural airports in the U.S.
In 1986, Midstate subleased Fokker F27 aircraft to Chicago Air, a start-up carrier operated a regional service out of Chicago Midway International Airport.
KLM is headquartered in Amstelveen, with its hub at nearby Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Its main base is Nagasaki Airport, with a hub at Fukuoka Airport.
Established in 2004, the airline initially focused on air ambulance and air taxi operations.
A takeover failed in 2003 and the company was declared bankrupt.
It operates charter services from its base in Kinshasa.
It operated global VIP charter flights out of Moscow Vnukovo International Airport and facilitated the chartering of aircraft from other airlines.
They mainly provide helicopter and fixed-wing services to the oil industry.
There are three other secondary hubs.Its services are famous all over the world and are serving 50 destinations round the globe.
Cargojet Airways is a public company with over 800 employees.
Travira's aircraft are used for long-term deals with major mineral companies, such as ExxonMobil, West Natuna Consortium, and mining companies in Sumbawa and East Kalimantan.
It operates scheduled services in the Caribbean.
In 1950 Central established a technical and operational partnership with Transportes Aéreos Nacional.
Gama Aviation is a global business aviation services company specialising in providing aviation support for individuals, corporations and government agencies.
Its main base and hub was Saarbrücken Airport, Germany.
Its main base was Malabo International Airport.
In 1994, it merged with Zaire Airlines and Zaire Express to form Hewa Bora Airways.
PauknAir, also known as Melilla Jet, was a Spanish regional airline which operated between 1995 and 1998.
However, Shin Yong-Wook challenged the government's authority to nationalize his company and KNA was taken over in a forced acquisition by the government in 1962.
Its fleet and type numbers increased dramatically in the 1990s.
The carrier carried its 10 millionth passenger in December 2014, and the 25 millionth passenger on December 5, 2015.
The airline began operations in Feb, 2014.
Viking Airlines primarily operated charter flights for European tour operators.
Alajnihah Air Transport is an airline based in Tripoli, Libya.
It operated to seven domestic destinations, South Africa and Mozambique with Raytheon Beech 1900C airliner aircraft.
Formed in 1948, it operates scheduled international services to European, African and Middle Eastern destinations.
Many of its color schemes in the 1990s were designed by film director Akira Kurosawa.
Rio Airways was a regional passenger airline headquartered in Killeen, Texas, United States, which was operational from 1967 to 1987.
Owned by the LUKoil conglomerate, LUKoil-Avia operates flights for LUKoil executives, whilst also operating general executive charter flights.
Hence from that year onwards, Malaysian Airline System, now called Malaysia Airlines, and Singapore Airlines were formed.
Operational control will remain in the hands of Caricom Airways.
It plans to increase its fleet to 15 aircraft by end 2013  and to 25 by 2015.
Rossair Europe was an airline based in the Netherlands.
It operated as an independent company for five years, from 1929 to 1934, before being taken over by the government as South African Airways.
By 2006, plans were made for flights from Amsterdam to Sulaimaniyah.
As Fil-Asian Airways, its slogan was "The Asian experience".
Carib Aviation was an airline based in Antigua and Barbuda.
Kingfisher Airlines shut down its operations and locked out its employees for several days when on 24 October 2012 the DGCA suspended its flight certificate.
The airline started as Air Travel in 1946 and was renamed Calasia Air Transport the same year.
On 9 July 1953 it may have been the first scheduled helicopter airline to carry passengers in the United States, with headquarters at LaGuardia Airport.
In addition, Executive Airlines owns Executive Ground Services, Inc. which is a provider of aviation ground services.
LJM operates extensive flights both domestically and internationally and offers charter flights, air ambulance, aircraft management and aircraft maintenance services.
Syrian Arab Airlines, operating as SyrianAir, is the flag carrier airline of Syria.
The airline has shown interest in focusing on the special region known as the BIMP-EAGA Region.
UNI Air is an airline based in Zhongshan, Taipei, Taiwan.
After resuming flights in 1947, the airline was renamed JAT Jugoslovenski Aerotransport on 1 April 1947.
The airline operated flights for Continental Airlines under the Continental Express banner beginning in 1986.
The airline flies to many Caribbean islands, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the Dominican Republic.
Aerocardal is an airline based in Santiago, Chile.
Samair was an charter airline based in Bratislava, Slovakia, operated charter flights out of M. R. Štefánik Airport.
It was established in 2003, and operated scheduled and charter freight services.
The company plans to feature dozens more aircraft within the next three to five years.
The airline's headquarters is located adjacent to the Calgary International Airport.
VARIG was the first airline founded in Brazil, in 1927.
Twin Jet is a French regional airline based in Aix en Provence.
The latter was the airline's maintenance arm.
Trigana Air Service is an airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
It operated scheduled services from Åland to Helsinki and Stockholm.
It operates domestic overnight express cargo services.
The owners included Richard Thorne McCully, the company's first managing director.
The company had its headquarters and technical base at Göteborg City Airport and helicopters stationed in Gällivare, Gothenburg, Ronneby, Sundsvall, Stockholm and Visby.
Gol Linhas Aéreas Inteligentes S.A BM&F Bovespa: GOLL3, GOLL4 / NYSE: GOL is a Brazilian airline based in São Paulo, Brazil.
In 1975 it was headquartered at Aérodrome du Castellet.
Sixty percent of the airline's operation serves commercial regular routes and pioneer routes while the rest is charter flights.
Insel Air currently serves 22 destinations throughout the Caribbean, South America and North America.
The airline was established as a joint venture by the Cambodian government and Vietnam Airlines, the latter allowing for codeshare flights.
As of September 2010 QantasLink provides 1,900 flights each week to 54 domestic locations.
Airlink was the brand name of a helicopter shuttle service which ran between London's two main airports, Gatwick and Heathrow, between 1978 and 1986.
Air Mandalay is an airline based in Yangon, Myanmar.
The airline offers various tours, including the Blue Hole tour twice a week.
Skyservice Airlines Inc. was a charter airline based in the Etobicoke area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
As of September 2016, Emirates is the largest Airbus A380 operator with 83 planes in service and a further 59 in orders.
Charter Air was not a success since a month later it was bankrupt.
The company was founded in 1997 and liquidated at the end of 2009.
Van Air Europe is a Czech passenger and cargo charter airline headquartered in Brno and based at Brno–Tuřany Airport.
LOT Charters is a subsidiary of LOT Polish Airlines, offering charter flights on behalf of tour operators under a separate Air Operator's Certificate using LOT's aircraft.
Manx Airlines was an English-owned, Isle of Man-based airline which existed between 1982 and 2002.
All scheduled flights between Oslo, Ørland, and Ålborg are operated by its Norwegian subsidiary Air Norway.
Air Cargo also has one of the largest Short parts inventories in the world.
Parks College Airline was an defunct airline based in the United States
In the process Kato Air took over the fixed-wing operations of Helitrans and set up a base at Trondheim Airport, Værnes.
Manaus Aerotáxi is a passenger airline in Brazil; it operates air taxi services across jungle cities and South America.
Six days later, Jeff Potter, former CEO of Frontier Airlines was hired as the "Chief Restructuring Officer" for Ryan.
Avair also flew to Dublin twice weekly from Waterford Airport.
It operated scheduled flights to Cap-Haïtien, Les Cayes, Jérémie, Santo Domingo, Santiago, Providenciales and Nassau
The airline was operational between 2002 and 2003, operating cargo flights within the Americas from Albrook "Marcos A. Gelabert" International Airport, Panama City.
Air Perú International was a planned Peruvian airline to be based in Lima, Peru.
Russia Jet Direct operated between August and September 2005.
It operates passenger and cargo services and maintains bases at Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport and Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport.
Transeast Airlines was an airline based in Riga, Latvia.
Island Air Charters is an air charter company based in Tauranga, New Zealand.
The airline was listed on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
Among other services they offer Seismic Support, Load Lifting, Support of 'ad hoc' short-term contracts, VIP Executive Transport, and Helicopter Emergency Medical Services.
It was originally a cargo airline named CDI Cargo Airlines, which started services in 2012 with one Boeing 737-300F freighter.
Olsen Airtransport, was a Norwegian charter airline which operated between 1946 and 1997, largely operating cargo aircraft.
United Airlines Limited, also known as United Airlines Uganda, is a private airline in Uganda.
Tjøntveit was acquitted of charges of deceit in 1978.
The owner of Okada Air was Chief Gabriel Igbinedion, the Esama of Benin.
It started operations on 10 October 2006 and operated domestic and international charter services.
Based in the Isando Industrial Park in Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni, Gauteng., 1time operated scheduled domestic and regional services.
Aeroput was the national carrier of the Kingdom of SHS, and then the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Other services provided include international charter services, ad hoc wet leasing services, religious pilgrimage charters and dry lease services.
JAL was established in 1951 and became the national airline of Japan in 1953.
The airline operated short-haul scheduled and charter passenger services.
Royal Jet is an airline based in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
Its main bases were Miami International Airport and John F. Kennedy International Airport, New York.
Agence et Messageries Aérienne du Zaïre, formerly Agence et Messageries Aérienne du Congo, was a Zairean airline.
It is the only Mindanao-based commercial airline operating in the Philippines while most airlines in the Philippines operates from hubs in Luzon and the Visayas.
It operates between Auckland and Great Barrier Island.
It operated domestic and international charter cargo flights from Moscow to destinations including China, India, United Arab Emirates and Turkey.
It was established as Nordkalottflyg in 1974 and operates scheduled domestic and international services.
Its sole aircraft is a Boeing 757 which is based at Auckland Airport in New Zealand.
It was founded in March 1958 at Alessandria in southern Piedmont by Maria Luisa Bottanelli, and later moved its operational base at Milan Malpensa airport.
Cymru is the name for Wales in the Welsh language.
This airline is unrelated to Emerald Air.
Kabul International Airport serves as its main hub.
The airline was based at the grounds of Harstad/Narvik Airport, Evenes in Evenes.
It operates trunk and regional passenger services.
Red Sea Air was a domestic airline based in Asmara, the capital of Eritrea.
The airline advertised its service as "High Class.
Its head office is located in Tegucigalpa, and since 2015, its primary operational base is at Toncontín International Airport in Tegucigalpa.
Soon after, Midway Airlines launched the successful regional "Midway Connection" service operated by Fischer Brothers Aviation with the smaller Dornier 228.
At its peak it operated twelve aircraft and had 490 employees.
Pacific Southwest Airlines was a United States airline headquartered in San Diego, California, that operated from 1949 to 1988.
The company’s head office is at Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport in Zgornji Brnik, Cerklje na Gorenjskem, Slovenia, near Ljubljana.
Saturn Airways was a US "supplemental carrier", i.e.
In May 2009, the airline decided to suspend its operations.
It operates regional domestic scheduled and charter services, focuses mainly on leisure destinations.
Sky Srpska was a planned airline in the Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It operates passenger and cargo flights within Ecuador, between the mainland and the Galápagos Islands, and between Ecuador and Peru and Colombia.
ChukotAVIA is an airline based in Anadyr, Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.
The carrier, headquartered in London, was wholly owned by R B Airline UK Ltd.
The company was founded in 1981 and disestablished in 2000.
Based at Frankfurt-Hahn Airport, it was operational between 2009 and 2013.
IndiGo is a low-cost airline headquartered at Gurugram, Haryana, India.
Inter Island Airways is a South Pacific regional airline based in Pago Pago, American Samoa.
AB was one of the first 'low cost airlines' in England, preceding others such as EasyJet, Ryanair, and Go Fly.
Nationwide Airlines Limited was a scheduled, domestic, passenger airline based in Zambia.
It started operations in 2004 and operates scheduled and charter cargo services.
Harlequin Air Co., Ltd. was an airline with its headquarters on the grounds of Fukuoka Airport in Hakata-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
The company started with sightseeing flights and day tours to Aruba and Bonaire.
Stobart Air has operating bases at Cork and Dublin for Aer Lingus Regional and at London-Southend and Isle of Man for Flybe.
Air Cargo Carriers, Inc. is the largest civilian operator of Short aircraft in the world.
Between 1993 and 1996 the company was gradually taken over by British Airways.
During the 1970s, the airliner became a significant European carrier.
Panavia was an airline based in Panama City, Panama.
Its primary competitors were established air carriers Hawaiian Airlines and Aloha Airlines.
Petropavlovsk-Kamchatski Airline is an airline based in Yelizovo, Russia.
The airline planned to resume operations on May 15, 2012, although this was contested by the U.S. Department of Transportation.
Mackey Airlines, Inc., also known later as Mackey International Airlines, was a United States airline which primarily served Florida and The Bahamas.
The company is owned by Geir Hellsten and Håkon Lie-Nielsen.
On May 11, 2011 Aeroflot Russian Airlines completed preparations for joining the global airline alliance SkyTeam Cargo.
Following Mesa's late 2011 divestiture of its ownership stake in Mokulele, Mesa announced it was discontinuing the "go!
Capitol Air maintained a large presence in the eastern United States and Europe.
Its main base is Fairbanks International Airport with its major hub at Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport.
It was a regional affiliate of Mexicana operating services under the Mexicana Inter banner and codeshares with its parent company.
Cambodia Airlines was an airline in Cambodia owned by The Royal Group and PAL Holdings, Inc. of the Philippines.
It operated domestic scheduled overnight freight services, as well as air charter services.
That date marks the first cancelled flight by Locair.
Abaeté Linhas Aéreas S/A is a domestic airline based in Lauro de Freitas, near Salvador da Bahia, Brazil founded in 1994.
Nouvelle Air Affaires Gabon is an airline based in Libreville, Gabon.
ArubaExel was an airline based in Aruba.
Its main base was Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, Jakarta.
Palmair was a British tour operator with its head office in the Space House in Bournemouth, United Kingdom.
Andrea Air was a short-lived domestic airline in Peru.
Yeti Airlines operates a fleet of seven aircraft and offers domestic flights to ten destinations.
CFM operates scheduled flights under five different brands: Texas Sky, North Country Sky, Contour Airlines, GLO Airlines, and OneJet.
Aloha Airlines was a Hawaiian airline headquartered in Honolulu, Oahu, Hawaii, operating from a hub at Honolulu International Airport.
TESIS Aviation Enterprise was a cargo airline based in Moscow, Russia.
Its main base is Dr. Leite Lopes Airport, Ribeirão Preto.
It was headquartered at Antwerp International Airport in Deurne.
Mey-Air Transport A/S, trading as Mey-Air, was a Norwegian charter airline which operated from 1970 to 1974.
It operates scheduled passenger services to offshore islands from Taiwan, as well as helicopter contract services and charters.
Amber Air operated a fleet of one or two Saab 340 turboprop aircraft.
The airline suspended operations in September 2007.
Central Aérea Limitada was a Brazilian airline founded in 1948.
SkyXpress Airline was a Canadian air charter airline operator based in Calgary, Alberta.
The airline's IATA code SN is inherited from its predecessors, Sabena and SN Brussels Airlines.
Horizon Air was once the eighth largest regional airline in the USA, serving 42 cities in the United States and Canada.
In 1960, Airwork joined with Hunting-Clan to form British United Airways.
Skylan Airways was a Jamaican airline that offered both scheduled and charter services.
Avianca is the world's second oldest airline after KLM, and celebrated its 90th anniversary in 2009, when it was announced that it would merge with TACA.
Bural is an airline based in Ulan-Ude, Russia.
Indonesia Air Transport is an airline and aviation company based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Mississippi Valley Airlines, was a regional air carrier serving the Upper Midwestern region of the United States.
Captains were primarily from Eastern Air Lines via Kiwi.
MASwings Sdn Bhd is a regional airline operating the Rural Air Services in East Malaysia.
The airline was merged into China Cargo Airlines in 2011.
It specialised in international cargo flights on a charter basis, especially outsized cargo, handling and wet-leasing aircraft when required.
Shanghai Airlines Cargo was a cargo airline based in Shanghai the People's Republic of China.
Jetisfaction was a German-based charter and passenger airline but without an official status as an airline and also no own AOC.
Air Hawaii was a scheduled passenger airline providing service between Honolulu and the U.S. West Coast cities of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
In October 2012, Sky Regional added flights between Montreal and Moncton, New Brunswick.
United Airlines, Inc., commonly referred to as United, is a major American airline headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
It specialises in leasing aircraft on an ACMI and wet lease basis to airlines worldwide needing extra passenger and cargo capacity.
HeavyLift took over passenger airline OzJet in 2008.
The parent company approached bankruptcy in 2009 and has since restructured its debts and gained a new investor.
This airline appears to be no longer in business.
Atlantis Airlines is a defunct airline based in Dakar, Senegal in Africa.
Though the global headquarters are in Richmond, B.C., Canada, the company has its main base at Stavanger Airport, Sola.
The bulk of the company's business activity is in support of Abu Dhabi offshore oil and engineering and construction companies.
It operates ACMI services for charter airlines, as well as services for the United States Department of Defense.
The current Chairman of SkyWest, Inc. is Jerry Atkin, with Russell "Chip" Childs serving as CEO.
It operated as an ultra low-cost carrier modeled after the European airline Ryanair, and aimed to be the least expensive airline in the United States.
Island Air is an independent American commuter airline based in Honolulu, Hawaii.
As of June 2017, JetBlue serves 106 destinations in the U.S., Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America and South America.
Royal Khmer Airlines was a small airline based in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
Established in 1995 as private flying school Seagle Air later added cargo and mail flights, in 2006 VIP transport and in 2007 charter flights.
It is owned by Air India Limited, a government-owned enterprise, and operates a fleet of Airbus and Boeing aircraft serving 90 domestic and international destinations.
COTAIR - an acronym for Côte Atlantique Inter Régional - is an airline based in Cotonou, Benin.
SunExpress Deutschland GmbH is a German leisure airline headquartered in Frankfurt.
The airline ceased operations in May 1982 because high fuel prices and the Airline Deregulation Act of December 1978 rendered it uncompetitive.
It operates regional passenger services and was established in 1997.
Express One International is an airline based in Orlando, Florida, USA.
LC Perú is a Peruvian airline based in Lima, Peru.
Hawkair was a regional airline based in Terrace, British Columbia, Canada.
Its main base is Abu Dhabi International Airport, with hubs at Dubai International Airport and King Abdulaziz International Airport, Allama Iqbal International airport Lahore, Pakistan
FaroeJet was an airline based in Vágar Airport on the island of Vágar of Faroe Islands.
Arrow Air ceased operations on June 29, 2010, and filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 1, 2010.
Transmeridian Air Cargo was a British cargo airline that operated from 1962 until 1979 when it merged with IAS Cargo Airlines to form Heavylift Cargo Airlines.
Its main bases were Auckland International Airport
It operates scheduled domestic passenger services and regional international services.
Its main base is Dakar-Yoff-Léopold Sédar Senghor International Airport.
Iceland Express was a low-fare airline headquartered in Reykjavík, Iceland, that is now operated by WOW air.
It operated mostly regional passenger services within West Africa out of Banjul International Airport, as well as flights to London.
It was founded in 2003, following the disbandment of "Air Sicilia", by current CEO Antonino Pulvirenti, also owner of football team Calcio Catania.
In addition, Air Universal provided maintenance, flight crews, insurance and airline support.
América Air Linhas Aéreas is a small airline based in São Paulo, Brazil.
DBA was a low-cost airline headquartered on the grounds of Munich Airport in a building within the municipality of Hallbergmoos, Germany.
Its main base is Cairo International Airport.
This was achieved through downsizing mainline Mexicana operations whilst ramping up activities at Mexicana Click and Mexicana Link.
This was due to the high losses related to the economic downturn in Sweden as well as the purchase of the TriStars.
During 2010, Aryan Cargo Express operated one single Airbus A310-300F.
City Star Airlines was a ticket sales office based in Aberdeen, Scotland.
The partnership lasted for about four years and had accumulated losses of more than Tsh 24 billion.
TAME is the flag carrier and the largest airline of Ecuador.
The airline quickly faced aggressive competition as well as safety questions that led the FAA to ground the airline briefly in July 1995.
It also operates charter flights in Chile and South America.
Auckland, Hamilton, New Zealand and later Christchurch were served.
British United Air Ferries was a wholly private, British independent car and passenger ferry airline based in the United Kingdom during the 1960s.
Air Cargo Germany GmbH was a German cargo airline.
While it's not an airline, the company provides flights for tour operators.
It also flew to Bagabag, Catarman, Basco, El Nido, and Cuyo.
The airline offers services within construction, fire fighting, charter and sightseeing, surveillance exercises and other areas.
Today it also operates in competition with commercial airlines on many of Bolivia's trunk domestic routes.
ImagineAir is an air taxi service headquartered in metro Atlanta, Georgia, operating the largest floating fleet of piston aircraft in the United States.
However, the airline decided to pull out of the airport deal.
Air Åland AB was the provincial airline of Åland, with its head office on the grounds of Mariehamn Airport in Mariehamn, Åland, Finland.
Global Air is a Mexican Airline founded in Guadalajara, Mexico in 1990, has 22 years of experience in the field of air transportation and business executive.
It also provides advice on air operations and flight standards to Shell group companies.
So it's not just smaller companies that want to take advantage of this.""
The Fokkers were retired in 1996—after which the airline had exclusively flown for UPS.
In 1950, BEA operated the world's first turbine-powered commercial air service with Vickers' Viscount 630 prototype, from London to Paris.
Its main base is El Dorado International Airport, Bogotá.
Aero Virgin Islands also outlasted Prinair; out of the aforementioned Caribbean airlines, the only one still providing service is Vieques Air Link.
The airline was established in autumn 2003 by the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo and the Kosovo Government.
All of Emery's cargo operations have been subcontracted to other airlines.
Other services included charter flights, search and rescue operations, firefighting and aerial patrols.
Air Cortez served a number of cities in Southern California, Arizona, Nevada and Baja California.
Africa West was a cargo airline based in Lomé, Togo.
Its main base is Muscat International Airport.
McClain Airlines was an airline based in the United States that operated Boeing 727-100 aircraft in an all first class configuration.
With its head office in Grand Cayman, it operates mainly as an international and domestic scheduled passenger carrier, with cargo services available on all routes.
The plane languished in storage until the Moose Jaw branch of the Western Development Museum acquired it in 1950.
Malaysia Airlines is the flag carrier of Malaysia and a member of the oneworld airline alliance.
It is Australia's largest regional airline outside the Qantas group of companies and serves New South Wales, South Australia, Victoria, North Queensland, Tasmania and Western Australia.
The charter division was sold to Fritidsresor, who renamed the airline Blue Scandinavia.
It used a fleet of seven Aérospatiale Super Pumas to serve offshore oil platforms in the North Sea.
It is on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union [1].
It is one of the oldest commercial airlines in Germany that still operates under its original name.
HeavyLift sold Ozjet and its passenger aircraft to Air Australia in 2009.
The airline is one of the four the founding members of the U-FLY Alliance.
It was established in 2008 and operates scheduled domestic flights in Benin and non-scheduled regional charter flights in West Africa.
Air Satellite was an airline based in Baie-Comeau, Quebec, Canada.
EgyptAir Cargo is the cargo division of the Egyptian national airline EgyptAir.
Its main bases are Goma International Airport and Bukavu Airport.
Iberia, legally incorporated as Iberia, Líneas Aéreas de España, S.A. Operadora, Sociedad Unipersonal, is the flag carrier airline of Spain founded in 1927.
Formerly its head office was elsewhere in Innsbruck.
Clickair was a low-cost airline that was based in the Parc de Negocis Mas Blau in El Prat de Llobregat, near Barcelona, Spain.
Founded in 1948, it is the second oldest airline in Asia after Philippine Airlines.
Fars Air Qeshm is an Iranian airline based in Qeshm.
Airship Ventures was based out of the Bachelor Officer Quarters in Building 20 in the NASA Research Park.
In 1960, Jersey Airlines ordered four state-of-the-art Handley Page Dart Herald 200 series turboprops.
Its main base is Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport.
It was established and started operations in 1999 at its base, Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport.
Baron Aviation Services is an American cargo airline based in Vichy, Missouri, United States.
The company was owned by Braathens Aviation.
The airline ceased operations 6, Apr 1981 and was merged into American Airlines in 1987.
Based in Madrid, it operates an international network of services from its main base of Madrid-Barajas Airport.
Jat Airways was the national flag carrier and largest airline of Serbia, and formerly Yugoslavia.
It operates scheduled domestic and international services and private charter services.
Duo Airways was an airline based in the United Kingdom.
It operated domestic and international scheduled and charter services within Russia and the CIS.
Its main base was Mexico City International Airport, with a hub at General Abelardo L. Rodríguez International Airport, Tijuana.
Wright Airlines, founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 1966, is regarded as the first United States regional airline.
It started its operations in June 2008 with a fleet of one Airbus A310-300 aircraft, and three Boeing 737-200 aircraft.
Green Flag Aviation Co. Ltd. is an air transport services company based in Khartoum, Sudan, established in 1992.
Its main base was located at El Dorado International Airport, Bogotá, with a secondary hub at Alfonso Bonilla Aragón International Airport) in Cali.
China Yunnan Airlines was an airline based in Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China.
Air Ferry Limited was a private, independent British airline operating charter, scheduled and all-cargo flights from 1963 to 1968.
Dinar Líneas Aéreas was an Argentinan airline, based in Salta, which operated between the years 1992 and 2002.
Siam General Aviation Company Limited was an airline in Thailand.
Along with all other airlines registered in the country, the company was banned from flying into any member state of the European Union's bloc.
The carrier operates a total of 137 domestic airport-pairs involving 58 Chinese airports, plus nine international routes.
Nepal Airlines Corporation is the flag carrier airline of Nepal.
Similar arrangements were later made by Air France, British Airways, KLM, Qantas and Swissair for their services to Taiwan.
Caledonian Airways was a wholly private, independent Scottish charter airline formed in April 1961.
Its main base is in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, where it has a presence at both airports.
Its head office is located at Vizzola Ticino and its hub is Milan-Malpensa Airport.
The airline utilizes two Dornier 328 aircraft for its operations.
In 2002, Elbe Air operated a fleet of three Dassault Falcon 20 jets.
FlairJet Limited is an affiliate company of Flexjet and operates the remanufactured Nextant 400XTi.
By October 2014, the airline's fleet had increased to four aircraft.
Since the revocation of B&H Airlines' AOC on 2 July 2015, it is the only airline of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Scorpion Air is an airline based in Sofia, Bulgaria.
With a fleet of more than 28 freighters of Airbus, Antonov, Boeing
Florida Coastal Airlines was an airline based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, USA.
Jet Asia Airways offers full-service scheduled and chartered services as well as long- and short-term ACMI flights.
It started operations in January 2008 from Dhaka's Shahjalal International Airport.
Czech Airlines Technics is responsible for aircraft maintenance and Czech Airlines Handling is responsible for passenger and aircraft handling.
The logo is a white crane on a red vertical tail fin.
By 1960, Silver City's 40,000 annual cross-Channel flights transported 220,000 passengers and 90,000 vehicles while network-wide freight haulage reached 135,000 tons a year.
SmartLynx Airlines Estonia is an Estonian charter airline and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Latvian SmartLynx Airlines.
It was launched in 1979 as Air Lanka, following the termination of operations of the original Sri Lankan flag carrier Air Ceylon.
It is Pakistan's largest airline with a fleet of more than 30 airplanes.
The airline's headquarters was in Kenner, Louisiana in Greater New Orleans, and it commenced service on August 9, 1989.
It was originally established by the Bitd Technology Group and was acquired by As Nevi in the Vestagroup in 1983.
The airline's global headquarters are located in Seoul, Republic of Korea.
In 2013 Bukovyna was one of two Ukrainian airlines that had sanctions imposed against them by the US government.
Rhein-Neckar Air was created in the wake of the dissolution of Cirrus Airlines, which was the only airline to connect this city pair.
Brockway Air was a regional airline in the United States, which was formerly known as Air North and originally as Northern Airways.
Falcon Air Express also provided scheduled service from Miami to Curaçao under the banner Dutch Antilles Express, which also ceased service abruptly.
Island Airlines along with its sister company, Cape & Islands Air Freight, ceased operations on December 11, 2015.
Dirgantara Air Service is not listed in any category by Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority for airline safety quality.
Alyemda, internationally known as Democratic Yemen Airlines or just Yemen Airlines, was the flag carrier airline of South Yemen.
The airline ceased operations on 17 October 2006 after notifying Irish aviation regulators that it was unable to meet its obligations to its tour operator clients.
It has since been merged back into the parent company in Nigeria.
A proposed rescue package fell through on 13 June when staff were laid off and it was announced that the airline's assets would be sold.
The first of what would eventually be eight Beechcraft King Air and the later Super models was bought in 1978.
Air Century, S.A., or ACSA is a Dominican Republic Air Charter operator that offers local and international services from the Santo Domingo Las Américas International Airport.
Gazpromavia is an airline based in Moscow, Russia.
The operations are based at the Juhu Aerodrome in Vile Parle, Mumbai.
Línea Aérea de Entre Ríos is an airline based in Paraná, Entre Ríos, Argentina.
Annual Hajj flights; transporting tourists and non-resident Bangladeshi workers and migrants; and the activities of its subsidiaries form an integral part of the airline's business.
In addition to a range of Cessna, Piper, Fairchild and other smaller aircraft, Fjellfly operated the 10-passenger Noorduyn Norseman for most of its existence.
Its main purpose was aerial fire-fighting although it did perform other typical aerial services, scheduled and charter passenger flights and charter cargo services.
Airlines of Tasmania/Par Avion also operates a wide variety of charter services ranging from business, scenic flights into Tasmania's South West, group charter and leisure.
The company was founded in 2005 as a subsidiary of RUM Group, but acquired its first airplane only in October 2010.
It is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Warbelow's Air Ventures is an American regional airline based in Fairbanks, Alaska, USA.
One of the 737s was so old that a hush kit couldn't be fitted.
In 1988, the airline operated scheduled cargo flights to Cologne, Maribor and Khartoum, and charter flights to Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America.
Indonesia AirAsia is listed in category 1 by Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority for airline safety quality.
Olsen had a significant business in corporate jets between 1967 and 1978, using four Dassault Falcon 20s.
Star Air was a now defunct Indonesian airline.
The airline was based at Wayne County Airport, Inster, Michigan.
The airline was grounded on June 1, 2010 and on June 7, 2011 lost its operational license.
SAS Cargo Group is SAS Scandinavian Airlines's cargo subsidiary and manages the cargo capacities of Scandinavian Airlines and Blue1.
Air North Charter and Training Ltd., operating as Air North, Yukon's Airline is a Canadian airline based in Whitehorse, Yukon.
Nok Air, the Thai word for bird) is a low-cost airline in Thailand operating mostly domestic services out of Bangkok's Don Mueang International Airport.
For the Mexican airline formerly known as Aerolitoral, see Aeromexico Connect
Founded in 2000, the company launched scheduled services in August 2014 and served domestic flights within Croatia as well as services to nearby Italy.
The airline operated 118 aircraft of 15 models, the majority of aircraft which have been variations of the Boeing 737.
Headquartered at Dragør, its main operating bases were Copenhagen Airport, Billund Airport and Esbjerg Airport.
It operates passenger flight services and dedicated cargo services.
The airline was created to bring tourists to Las Vegas.
Merchant Express Aviation is a cargo airline flying out of Lagos, Nigeria.
AB Aerotransport was a Swedish airline, that is today part of the SAS Group.
It was in operation from 1949 to 1967.
It is the charter carrier of the Dutch arm of the German travel conglomerate TUI Group and its main base is Schiphol Airport.
Backers and members of the board of directors initially included Ft. Worth oilman F. Kirk Johnson, former City Councilman R.E.
It was the third largest airline in Russia.
A new Skyways emerged in 1975 when, still under Eric Rylands's stewardship, Skyways Cargo Airline assumed the original Skyways's air freight business.
In March 2004 there were reports that Minerva Airlines might resume operations using ATR 42 aircraft operating regional services on behalf of Alitalia.
Puebla Air Lines was a Mexican airline based in Puebla, Puebla.
Surinam Airways, also known by its initials SLM, is the flag carrier of Suriname, based in Paramaribo.
Grand Aire Express was an American airline based in Swanton, Ohio, US.
It was established and started operations in 1995 and is 100% owned by Ukrainian nationals.
In 2003 The company was improving but it missed a government deadline to raise extra capital.
It became the largest carrier in the country by 2010 before being eclipsed by IndiGo in 2012.
Asiana Airlines Inc. is one of South Korea's two major airlines, along with Korean Air.
The agency is headquartered in Dongcheng District, Beijing.
It was established in 2009 and flight operations were launched on 9 October 2010.
Turkuaz Airlines was a charter airline based in Ankara, Turkey.
Aurora is a Russian Far East air carrier, subsidiary of Aeroflot.
Hawaiian Airlines is owned by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. of which Mark Dunkerley is the current President and Chief Executive Officer.
      
Its main base was N'Dolo Airport, Kinshasa.
Puertorriqueña de Aviación, previously known as Aerovías Nacionales de Puerto Rico was an airline company that operated during the 1930s.
It is now subsidiary company of Treeland Group of Companies Pakistan.
Emerald Air was an airline headquartered in Austin, Texas, United States.
Ad Astra Aero was a Swiss airline based at Zürichhorn in Zürich.
It operates scheduled and charter flights to domestic, European and intercontinental destinations from several Italian bases.
Hangar8 plc is a private jet operator with headquarters in the United Kingdom.
Nordic Air A/S was a Norwegian cargo airline based at Sandefjord Airport, Torp.
British and Commonwealth Shipping was the new airline's main shareholder.
It wet-leased additional aircraft from Servicios Aéreos Profesionales, which it used for ad hoc, on demand charter services to the United States.
Its main base was at José Martí International Airport, Havana.
Pentastar Aviation is an American aviation services company based in Waterford, Oakland County, Michigan.
Passengers will eventually be able to book these domestic flights through SLM's worldwide booking, which the airline hopes will spur the tourism industry.
Club Airways International is an airline based in Meyrin, Switzerland, near Geneva.
It operated scheduled flights within Central America and to the United States.
Its main base is Ponciano Arriaga International Airport, San Luis Potosí.
From the first half of 2014, they began operating on selected Qantas mainline Boeing 737-800 trans-Tasman services under a "partial base integration" initiative.
In August 1991, the airline filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy after K P Harvest itself went bankrupt.
Monarch Airlines carried 5.7 million passengers during 2015, a 19% decrease compared with 2014.
Birmingham European Airways was originally established in 1983.
The company fleet is composed of Boeing 737 and British Aerospace ATP aircraft.
It operates charter passenger services throughout the Middle East, Persian Gulf and parts of Europe.
Majority owner of the business was English Billionaire John Robert Porter and his Norwegian business partner Christen Ager-Hanssen.
Its head office is within Terminal 2 of Narita International Airport in Narita, Chiba Prefecture.
ASTA Linhas Aéreas is a domestic airline based in Cuiabá, Brazil.
In January 2008, Family Airlines reappeared when a new application was filed with the Department of Transportation, with Michaels as CEO.
It operates long term cargo charters for couriers and freight companies, forest fire patrols and aircraft sales and leasing in Canada and worldwide.
NetJets Inc., a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, is an American company that sells part ownership or shares of private business jets.
The airline got a permit for pan India operations in October 2016.
The airline had its head offices on the grounds of Sydney Airport in Mascot.
It was a privately owned charter operator.
It flew regular flights to Kalibo, Dipolog, Tagbilaran, San Jose, Ormoc and Surigao.
Debonair was a British airline operating mainly from London Luton Airport offering flights to and from Spain, France, Germany and Italy.
Maersk Air was heavily involved in the inclusive tours market during the 1970s, operating the Boeing 720B and 737-200.
It operated daily sightseeing flights from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon.
By 2010, it had added another two ATR 42s to its fleet.
CityFlyer Express was a short-haul regional airline with its head office in the Iain Stewart Centre next to London Gatwick Airport in England.
AirTran JetConnect was the brand for AirTran Airways former regional airline service, which flew regional jet aircraft from AirTran's hub in Atlanta.
Its main base is Paris - Le Bourget Airport
Its main base is Yangon International Airport.
It is also a fixed-base operator at the Reading Regional Airport.
HeavyLift Cargo Airlines Pty Ltd is an Australian cargo airline headquartered now in Los Angeles, United States.
The airline officially became part of Southwest in the autumn of 1994.
Air Bucharest is an airline with its head office in Sector 2, Bucharest, Romania.
It was owned by Japan Airlines Domestic and operated domestic passenger services.
It was established and started operations in 1929 as Novosibirsk Air Squad.
The airline has since started to resurface as its website says.
Arkaim, LLC is regional Russian airline based in Ufa, Bashkortostan.
The government therefore reduced its shareholding to 51 percent and entered into a partnership with South African Airways.
Other business activities include medical evacuation, survey, photography and charter.
Its main base is Gostomel Airport near Kiev.
It has two other bases at Hay River/Merlyn Carter Airport and Red Deer Regional Airport.
As of 2012 the Continental Micronesia employee group, now a subset of United Continental Holdings, had 1,222 employees.
The airline is headquartered in the Polígono Son Noguera in the Centro Empresarial Globalia in Llucmajor, Majorca, Spain.
Based at Asmara International Airport, it is wholly owned by the government of Eritrea.
It was merged into Varig in 1961, when Varig bought the Consórcio Real-Aerovias-Nacional, of which Transportes Aéreos Nacional was one of the partners.
It also operated feeder flights on behalf of Braniff and Ozark Air Lines in addition to flying for Mesa Airlines.
It was founded by Wayne Schoenfeld, Ken Dickey and Bill Wolf.
Philippines AirAsia, Inc., is a low-cost airline based at Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Metro Manila in the Philippines.
China Southwest Airlines was an airline with its head office on the property of Shuangliu Airport in Shuangliu County, Chengdu, Sichuan, People's Republic of China.
In 2007 Joshua Kurlantzick of The New York Times described the airline as a "pioneer" of low-cost travel in Asia.
In 2011 the airline was again rebranded into Air Bishkek.
Partially owned by friends and family of President Suharto of Indonesia, the airline folded due to bankruptcy after his May 1998 resignation.
This means Australian Airlines operated flights for Qantas using its own crew/cost base, but under the Qantas brand.
Associated Aviation is an airline based in Ikeja, Lagos State, Nigeria.
The airline's operations were located in Building C1 and Hangar 7 in Delta Park, an area in Lisbon Airport.
It operated domestic and international scheduled services.
It is a privately owned premium class airline operating domestic and international scheduled and charter services.
Its main base was at Wuhan Tianhe International Airport.
Central Airlines was a regional airline operating scheduled passenger flights in Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas from 1949 to 1967.
Interstate Airlines was a charter airline based in Maastricht, Netherlands.
On March 29, 2013, Armavia announced the decision to begin filing bankruptcy proceedings and suspend operations on April 1, 2013.
Minor hubs also exist at Bergen Airport, Flesland, Göteborg Landvetter Airport, Stavanger Airport, Sola and Trondheim Airport, Værnes.
It was established and started operations in 1995, and was jointly owned by Bellview Airlines and Sierra-Leonean investors.
In addition, Cardig Air has charter flights to various domestic and regional destinations.
Safair is an aviation company based at the O.R.
Pacific East Airlines was a short-lived airline that ceased operation in 1984.
By 2011, the aircraft operation was transferred to Helitrans.
Toa Airways was a Japanese airline and the predecessor of Japan Air System.
The airline also established an associated engineering company at Exeter Airport.
Its main base was Ercan Airport, in the Turkish sector of Nicosia.
Twenty-two Fokker 50s were delivered in 1989 and 1990.
NetJets Europe is a company that offers fractional ownership of private business jets.
BA CityFlyer is a wholly owned subsidiary airline of British Airways with its head office in Didsbury, Manchester, England.
Nova Air was an airline based in Mexico City, Mexico.
Its main hub was Tokyo International Airport.
Link Air Express was a cargo airline based in Peschiera Borromeo, Milan, Italy.
First S.p.A. was an Italian airline operating flights for its parent company, Alitalia, to preserve slots at Linate Airport.
The carrier was formed in 1955 by a group of Belgians and flew services within the Belgian Congo, mainly from Leopoldville and Luluabourg.
Its headquarters were located in Frankfurt, Germany.
Operating two DC-8s on cargo charter flights from Ostend Airport to the Middle East.
BCal suffered a series of major setbacks as a result of several geopolitical events that occurred during that decade.
The latter ended in March 2013 when Air New Zealand stopped Hong Kong – London flights, in favour of a code sharing deal with Cathay Pacific.
The airline was acquired by Golden West Airlines in 1969 which then operated seaplane flights as "Catalina Golden West".
At first U Airlines operated only charter flights, but it plans to offer scheduled services.
The complementary color of teal is maroon.
Its main base is Nanjing Lukou International Airport.
The airline also offers package deals with hotels at its destinations.
It predominantly operated night time cargo services on contract to Australian air Express using BAe 748 and Fairchild Metroliner aircraft but also operated some passenger services.
On 12 June 1936 West Australian Airways was purchased by Adelaide Airways for £25,000 and in July that year became part of Australian National Airways.
By the time of the merger with Air New Zealand, the fleet consisted of 25 aircraft comprising Boeing 737s and Fokker F27s.
Its head office was on the grounds of the Boryspil International Airport in Boryspil.
Amerijet International is an American cargo airline headquartered in Miami, Florida, United States.
It was reorganized as Aeromarine Airways in 1921.
Indeed, JetMagic had still been accepting bookings up until around 30 minutes before the news of its folding broke.
Air Luxor was an airline based in Luxor Plaza in Lisbon, Portugal, operating a limited number of scheduled flights out of Portela Airport, Lisbon.
By the end of 2014, Alba Petroleos de El Salvador had bought all outstanding shares of its holding company.
Cimber has been owned by CityJet since early 2017 and was previously a subsidiary of SAS.
Believing a share of the market profits could be gained, Air Caribbean was created in 1975.
Its main operating base is Wattay International Airport in Vientiane.
CEIBA Intercontinental is an airline based in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea, and its main hub at Malabo International Airport.
Carnival Air Lines was a charter and scheduled airline division of Carnival Cruise Lines started in 1988 after Carnival Cruise Lines purchased Pacific Interstate Airlines.
Guinee Air Service was an airline based in Conakry, Guinea.
As of 8 April 2009 it is banned within the European Union and as of July, 2012, it is inactive.
Its main base is Kazan International Airport.
Olympic Airlines was also accredited by IATA with the IOSA for their safety practices.
JETGO operates a fleet of Embraer Regional Jets, with a capacity of between 36 and 50 passengers.
A Piper Chieftain was bought in that year.
Star1 Airlines was a member of ICAO.
Most flights departed from either Warsaw Frederic Chopin Airport, Katowice International Airport or Poznań-Ławica Airport.
Paraense Transportes Aéreos was a Brazilian airline founded in 1952.
Pronto Airways LP was an airline formed in 2006 that was based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
It has its own maintenance base in Kazan.
China Flying Dragon Aviation is an airline based in Harbin, Heilongjiang, China.
This is the third private-owned airline of Vietnam, after Indochina Airlines, and VietJet Air.
Flights were canceled and no money was given back to any of passengers.
AirAsia's registered office is in Petaling Jaya, Selangor while its head office is at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
airtransse is an airline headquartered in the Nichinan Trading Building Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan.
Burdened with debt from its changes of business plan, Presidential filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on October 26, 1989.
Malta Air Charter Company Limited was an airline based in Malta.
It operates charter flights between Indonesian cities and other Asian countries.
A second aircraft of the type leased from Overseas National Airways, was introduced in December 1979.
It operates scheduled services in Sweden using aircraft and flight codes of its subsidiary Nextjet or other operators.
The second Air Wales was an entirely separate unrelated airline also based at Cardiff International Airport in Rhoose, Vale of Glamorgan.
Iberia Group airlines fly to over 109 destinations in 39 countries, and a further 90 destinations through code-sharing agreements with other airlines.
Its main bases are Brisbane Airport and Honiara International Airport.
The carrier, one of the oldest African ones, was formed in February 1946 and started scheduled operations in July the following year.
The DAP group is a consortium formed by Aerovías DAP, AeroRescate, Aerovías DAP, Antarctic Airways, DAP Antarctica, DAP Helicópeteros and Mineral Airways.
After acquiring Republic Airlines in 1986, Northwest also established major hubs at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport and Memphis International Airport.
DutchCaribbeanExel was an airline with its head office in Amsterdam.
Even though Capitol commenced scheduled passenger operations, charters were still a big part of its operations.
Jet Asia Airways is a Thai airline based out of Suvarnabhumi International Airport in Bangkok, Thailand.
is an airline based in Valencia, Carabobo, Venezuela.
It operated scheduled long-haul services from Madrid to 13 destinations in Central and South America, as well as services in Europe.
The airline was founded in 1993 as Faraz Qeshm Airline.
Its main base is Viracopos International Airport.
The airline was founded in March 2003, and was based in Port-au-Prince.
It operates a cargo charter service throughout Africa and the Middle East and is planning services for Europe.
Shares in the company were traded on the São Paulo Exchange and New York Stock Exchange as "TAM".
SKOGA was a joint Sino-Soviet airline, based in Beijing, China, which operated from 1950 to 1954.
Gabon Express was an airline based in Libreville, Gabon.
Its operations were started by LTE in November 2006 and ceased on January 26, 2007.
The fleet generally consisted of Soviet made Aeroflot airplanes.
As the airline only had one aircraft a total of 27 cabin crew were hired for the start of operations in mid-2001.
Al Wafeer Air was a charter airline based in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
It also maintains corporate offices in Cottonwood Heights, Utah and Orlando, Florida.
However, on September 20, 2016, the company went out of business after its Chapter 11 bankruptcy was converted to a Chapter 7 liquidation.
It operates scheduled services in southern Africa.
It serves international routes to Argentina, Brazil, Peru and Uruguay.
As of 2013 it was one of seven Saudi-based airline companies.
At one point, the airline also operated Douglas DC-8 jetliners in scheduled passenger service between Florida and Las Vegas.
Kyrgyz International Airlines was an airline based in Kyrgyzstan.
The airline offered scheduled flights to Moscow.
The company is owned by Douglas Mpamo, according to the UN.
Pascan Aviation is a regional airline based in Saint-Hubert, Longueuil, Quebec, Canada.
It provideed following services: Cargo Consolidation, Air Charter in UAE, Ground Handling, Flight Planning, Landing Permits, Fuelling.
WestAir used three different call signs over the years, first was "Wescom".
Skytrans Airlines is a Queensland owned and operated airline and air charter business based in Cairns.
Its main bases were Kiev Boryspil International Airport and Zaporizhia International Airport.
On July 1, 1999, the airline started service to its second destination, San Jose, California.
Its main base is Polonia International Airport, Medan.
The government repurchased the shares in 2006 and it is once again a wholly owned government company.
British NorthWest Airlines was an airline based at Blackpool International Airport.
Bankruptcy was blamed on a 50% drop in demand which led to a 20% fall in income in 2005.
The repossession of two of their Airbus A320 aircraft, 87 and 88, was documented on Discovery channel TV programme Airplane Repo.
It operated under the Air Operator's Certificate of Landsflug in Iceland.
Mack Air is an Air Charter airline based in Maun, Botswana.
Kayala Airline was an airline based in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
In May 2006 award 002/2006 License to operate non scheduled international charter flights domestic and International from Pakistan.
Its main base is Olaya Herrera Airport, Medellín.
On 28 January 2013 Fastjet announced that it had signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Jetlink.
At the end of their operation,they have operated 2 Dornier 228 aircraft, both of the aircraft were later transferred to Hornbill Skyways.
It operated scheduled services as a British Airways franchise to 30 destinations in Europe and North Africa from Gatwick and as well as Heathrow and Manchester.
This code sharing service was previously operated as USAir Express.
The initial start-up was a huge success with large load factors.
Its head office is in One Citygate in Tung Chung, Lantau Island.
The airline ceased to operate and lost its separate identity when it was merged into Hapag-Lloyd Flug on 1 January 1979.
Opera Jet a.s. was a private jet operator based in Bratislava, Slovakia.
Blue Islands Limited is an airline of the Channel Islands.
Antrak Air was a Ghanaian scheduled airline based in the Airport Residential Area of Accra, Ghana.
The airline currently operates Essential Air Service between Chicago Midway Airport and Manistee County Blacker Airport under the Public Charters brand using a BAe Jetstream 32.
Its main base is Pondok Cabe Airport.
The airline has its headquarters at Biju Patnaik International Airport, Bhubaneswar.
Air Bremen was a small German airline based in Bremen operating between 1988 and 1990.
Globemaster Air Cargo was a cargo airline based in St. Albert, Alberta, Canada.
Pel-Air specialises in air charter and ad hoc services, operating executive charter services throughout Australasia, as well as freight services through its subsidiary Pel-Air Express.
In 1953, it started inclusive tour charter flights.
Tunisair is a member of the Arab Air Carriers Organization.
Kiwi International Air Lines was a Part 121 American airline that operated from September 21, 1992 to March 24, 1999.
The partnership lasted for about four years and had accumulated losses of more than Tsh 24 billion.
It operates services to regional destinations in Southeast Asia to countries such as Myanmar, Cambodia, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam.
2GO air is a part of the Chinese government-controlled 2GO Group which includes 2GO Travel and 2GO Express.
Seaboard World Airlines was an international all-cargo airline based in the United States.
The airline operated scheduled and chartered passenger flights and also featured a cargo department.
Philippine Airlines, a trade name of PAL Holdings, Inc., also known historically as Philippine Air Lines, is the flag carrier of the Philippines.
Gum Air is a Surinamese airline based at Zorg en Hoop Airport in Paramaribo, Suriname.
CJSC, Aviaprad was an airline based in Yekaterinburg, Russia.
Its main bases were Madang Airport and Jacksons International Airport, Port Moresby.
Its main base is Beirut Rafic Hariri International Airport.
Its main base and hub is in Mexico City, with a secondary hub in Monterrey, and focus cities in Cancún, Guadalajara, and Tijuana.
As of April 2015 the airline is inactive and appears to be defunct.
On 31 March 1924 the assets and operations of Handley Page Transport were merged with three other British airlines to found Imperial Airways.
The airline has grown over the years starting off as a floatplane operation to now a charter and scheduled passenger service airline.
ASL Airlines Hungary Kft, formerly Farnair Hungary, is an airline based on the property of Budapest Ferenc Liszt International Airport in Budapest, Hungary.
Swiss World Airways was a short-lived Swiss airline headquartered in Geneva and operating out of Geneva Airport.
It operated scheduled and charter services throughout Mexico and the USA.
It started scheduled passenger operations on November 24, 2013, with two 93-seat Avro RJ85 aircraft.
In 1936, an "Independent Volunteer Battalion" of the MKKK consisting of 13 aircraft fought on the side of the Inner Mongolian Army against Kuomintang-held Suiyuan.
Spanair S.A. was a Spanish airline, with its head office in the Spanair Building in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, near Barcelona.
Its main base is John C Munro Hamilton International Airport.
Operations have been severely disrupted since 2015 due to the ongoing military conflict affecting its hub at Sana'a International Airport.
In 2016 the company carried 1,246,350 passengers on both scheduled and charter flights, a decrease of 2% compared to 2015.
Over the next two years, GP Express discontinued all operations at Denver.
Complimentary beer and wine after 10 a.m.
For the year ending 31 March 2015, the airline flew over 3.5 million passengers and made an operating profit of S$40.8 million.
Flight operations only took place during a brief period between 2002 and 2003.
Airlink was an airline based in Madang, Papua New Guinea that ceased operations in late July 2007.
British Airways Tour Operations Limited was itself founded in 1935 as an air travel company under the name Silver Wing Surface Arrangements Limited.
Emerald Airways was an airline based in Liverpool, United Kingdom.
Air Wisconsin Airlines is a regional airline based at Appleton International Airport in the town of Greenville, Wisconsin, United States, near Appleton.
Commercial operations were commenced in December 2006 using four Boeing 757-200 aircraft on several domestic and international routes.
Air Post was a cargo airline based in Auckland, New Zealand.
In August 1953 Central scheduled flights to 19 airports.
Aerolíneas Mesoamericanas, S.A. de C.V., operating as ALMA de Mexico, was a low-cost airline based in Guadalajara, Mexico.
Aeropelican Air Services Pty Ltd was a regional airline based in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.
Air France's corporate headquarters, previously in Montparnasse, Paris, are located on the grounds of Charles de Gaulle Airport, north of Paris.
Poznań Airline Society Aerotarg was the first Polish airline.
It operates cargo services linking cities in Asia with western and eastern Europe.
It operates Dornier aircraft in Nigeria on a charter basis, as well as running a fixed-base and maintenance operation.
Aladia Airlines, S.A. de C.V. was a Mexican low-cost chartered airline based in Monterrey, Nuevo León.
However, wartime fuel and equipment shortages had previously curtailed its operations considerably.
It was founded in 1977 as Appalachian Flying Service, and ceased its operations in 1980.
Based at Oak Harbor, Washington, it operated regional passenger flights in the Puget Sound area.
Hangard Airlines was a Mongolian airline based in the capital, Ulan Bator.
Austrian Airlines AG, sometimes shortened to Austrian, is the flag carrier of Austria and a subsidiary of the Lufthansa Group.
The Qantas name comes from "QANTAS", an acronym for its original name, "Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Services", and it is nicknamed "The Flying Kangaroo".
Its call sign "Brickyard" is derived from the nickname of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
It flies several round trip flights daily between Cap-Haitien and Port-au-Prince.
Kemerovo Aviation Enterprise is an airline based in Kemerovo, Russia.
Asia Atlantic Airlines (Thai: เอเชีย แอตแลนติก แอร์ไลน์ส, is a charter airline headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand.
Its main base was Vienna International Airport.
It operates freight services to destinations in the CIS and Europe.
Tropical Airways was a small airline with scheduled and charter services based in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Thai Airways owns the largest stake in the airline.
In January 2011, Seaborne Airlines began service to San Juan TJSJ Luis Munoz Marin International Airport.
In 2015, the airline carried 90 million domestic and international passengers with an average load factor of 80%.
Sky Wings was owned by Greek and Ukrainian interests namely Khors Aircompany.
Palair Macedonian Airlines was the national flag carrier of Republic of Macedonia operating from Skopje and Ohrid Airports.
Powell Air was a Canadian airline based in Powell River, British Columbia.
Its headquarters was in the Westlake area of Seattle, Washington.
The service has a "fully-equipped base near Shek Kong in the New Territories".
In 2007, Continental Airways was shut down.
The carrier changed its name to Mississippi Valley Airways in October 1969.
It was one of two airlines which flew the Antonov An-124 Ruslan, the world's highest gross weight cargo airplane which specialises in oversized freight.
Copenhagen Air Taxi is an aviation company based in Roskilde, Denmark.
The name Pacific Express is now used as the callsign of Jetstar Pacific Airlines, the second largest airline in Vietnam.
Its main base is Mehrabad International Airport, Tehran.
Canadian Airways Limited was a Canadian regional passenger and freight air service based in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
It is headquartered in Bogotá, D.C. with its main hub at El Dorado International Airport.
It was headquartered at Zurich Airport and in Kloten.
Maritime Air Charter Limited is an on-demand aircraft charter company based at Halifax Stanfield International Airport in Enfield and Halifax Regional Municipality, Canada.
The airline launched in 1979 as Jersey European Airways following the merger of Intra Airways and Express Air Services.
The airline was founded on 23 October 1946 as Orient Airways, initially based in Calcutta prior to the Partition of British India.
Braathens SAFE retained an international charter service using the DC-3 and DC-6.
VivaColombia is the first true low cost carrier in Colombia.
Falcon Express Cargo Airlines was a cargo airline based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Air Charter Service does not own any aircraft, but arranges helicopter, private jet, commercial airline and cargo aircraft charters.
A smaller airline with the same name operated in 2000–2001.
Initially offering its sole aircraft on an ad hoc basis from its base at East Midlands Airport near Nottingham.
Sky King emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy on October 3, 2014 upon confirmation by the United States Bankruptcy Court of the Trustee's Plan of Reorganization.
It operates passenger and freight services between the Channel Islands, northern France, and the United Kingdom.
Virgin Sun Airlines, branded as Virgin Sun, was a British scheduled and charter airline owned by the Virgin Group, formed in 1998.
SmartLynx flight precision is constantly improving — in summer of 2016 this indicator reached 89% for all charter flights.
The second attempt in 2007 failed after disagreements over the terms with the bidder, Comair of South Africa.
The company unsuccessfully bid for air access rights to the island from the St Helena government, subsidised by the British Department for International Development.
Aerolíneas Mas wa an airline with its corporate headquarters in the Ciudad Universitaria in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
Irtysh-Air is an airline headquartered in Ekibastuz, Pavlodar Province, Kazakhstan.
The airline became the 27th member of Star Alliance on 11 July 2014.
Following economic revival during that decade's second half, British Caledonian regained its financial stability, enabling it to expand again and to become profitable.
ZAS Airline of Egypt was an airline from Egypt that operated between 1982 and 1995.
After ceasing operations in 2009, the airline relaunched in 2010 with a new livery and under new management.
Headquartered in the capital Managua, it operated scheduled passenger flights within South and Central America, as well as to the United States.
The airline is a joint venture between the RUM Group in Jordan and Air Arabia and will be the first low cost airline based in Jordan.
Its main base was Mount Gambier Airport, with a hub at Adelaide Airport, which serviced Mildura Airport and Port Augusta Airport.
Afric Aviation is a regional airline based in Port Gentil, Gabon.
Its main base is Quatro de Fevereiro Airport, Luanda.
Regional service is operated under the brand name Delta Connection.
Its main base is Jacksons International Airport.
It operates a service between Moorabbin in Victoria and King Island.
XL Airways is a trading name for XL Airways UK Limited.
Exin is a cargo airline based in Lublin, Poland.
It also provides maintenance for its own and other carriers Antonov An-26 aircraft and has 30 employees.
IndiGo is a low-cost airline headquartered at Gurugram, Haryana, India.
It operated from 2000 until 2004 as a subsidiary of KLM and then Ryanair.
LATAM Cargo Chile, formerly LAN Cargo S.A., is a cargo airline based in Santiago, Chile and the freight subsidiary of the LATAM Airlines Group.
In 2013, Precision Air had the largest market share of all aviation traffic in Tanzania, at 48.33 per cent.
Veteran Avia is a cargo airline based in Sharjah, U.A.E..
Wimbi Dira Airways was a scheduled and charter, passenger and cargo airline based in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
AVE.com was an airline based in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates with its base at Sharjah International Airport, offered charter flights and aircraft lease services.
It was based at Bournemouth Airport in England and flew short haul flights to British and European destinations.
In the beginning, Heli Air only operated helicopters and subsequently incorporated the Antonov An-12, Antonov An-24, Cessna and Let L-410 into its fleet.
It operates scheduled and charter flights to destinations in the United States, Mexico, Costa Rica and the Caribbean as well as ad-hoc charters.
Zambia Skyways started flying, as Eastern Air, in 1993.
Later it operated domestic and international charter services and wet lease services.
Transportes Aéreos Bandeirantes was a Brazilian airline founded in 1945.
It operates contract services for the Royal Mail and other express courier companies, as well as ad hoc freight charters throughout Europe.
It operated scheduled services to London Gatwick Airport and Vancouver International Airport from its hub, Hong Kong International Airport.
Virgin America's frequent flyer program Elevate provides award flights and other benefits to frequent fliers.
The airline ceased all operations on May 31, 2008.
The airline ceased operations in 2015 but was to be revived as a partnership between the government of Ghana and Arik Air of Nigeria.
It mainly operates charter flights throughout the country.
The airline was created through the demerger of Brymon European Airways, which had been created through the mergers of Brymon Airways and Birmingham European Airways.
DAC Air was an airline from Romania between 1995 and 1998.
The airline ceased operations in October 2006.
Air Tungaru's main base was the international airport at Kiribati's capital, South Tarawa.
Ladeco was a Chilean airline; Ladeco is the acronym of "Línea Aérea Del Cobre" or the "Airline of Copper," in reference to the principal Chilean export.
The film was released in September 1999, two months after the airline ceased operations.
All services operate with BA's full colours, titles and flight numbers.
It describes itself as a "hybrid airline" providing a higher level of service than low-cost carriers while having operating costs lower than full-service legacy carriers.
In November 2013, it merged with Air South, another South Australia based charter company.
The airline ceased operations in August 2005.
It was founded on 18 May 1999 and operated cargo and passenger services as well as sub-charter and wet-lease operations.
It started operating out of Gabon in 1975.
As of 6 July 2010, however, the airline was once again on the blacklist after the second incident which was never investigated.
The airline was on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
Tigris Air was a charter airline based in Baghdad, Iraq.
Eagle Air was an airline based in Tanzania.
In April 2011 it opened flights from Norilsk to Ufa and Kazan.
It operates charter services for VIPs and sports teams.
It operates ACMI services between several domestic destinations within Sweden for its sister company and virtual airline BRA Braathens Regional Airlines and ad hoc charter services.
What made Feel Air different was their proposed in flight entertainment system, which involved flight attendants feeling the passengers, hence the name "Feel Air"
It was based in Skopje with its main base at Skopje Airport.
From 1967, the airline started flying out of Vest-Telemark Airport, Fyresdal and established a pilot school at Kristiansand Airport, Kjevik.
It operates short-haul passenger and cargo charter flights, as well as maritime surveillance, aerial photography and forestry protection services.
Its main bases for these flights are Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport and John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport.
It operated a scheduled network in Senegal and neighbouring countries from its main base at Léopold Sédar Senghor International Airport.
Australian National Airways was a short-lived Australian airline, founded in 1929 by Charles Kingsford Smith and Charles Ulm.
Bond Offshore Helicopters became a Babcock International Group company when Babcock acquired the Avincis group in May 2014.
Regional airline based in Simferopol was liquidated in 2007.
Aero Lloyd Flugreisen GmbH & Co, operating as Aero Lloyd, was a German charter airline based in Oberursel, Germany.
With a new hangar opened in March 2011, Qatar Executive has entered the FBO and maintenance service for Business Jets coming to Doha.
The company was founded as the successor of Nordic Airways and received its airline license in December 2009.
KTHY operated scheduled flights from Ercan, Northern Cyprus, to several cities in Turkey, the United Kingdom, and Western and Northern Europe.
Shuttle's fleet consisted of Boeing 737-300s and 737-500s.
Its main base is Tunis-Carthage International Airport.
In 1984, a Boeing 707-355C was acquired for cargo operations.
Its head office was in Room 708 of the 7th floor of the Le Concorde Tower in Huai Khwang District, Bangkok.
London Executive Aviation is an air charter airline based at Stapleford Aerodrome near Romford, United Kingdom.
Hokkaido Air System Co., Ltd., or HAC, is an airline with its headquarters on the property of Okadama Airport in Okadama-chō, Higashi-ku, Sapporo.
Among predecessors of today's Delta Air Lines, Western Airlines and Northwest Airlines began flying passengers in 1926 and 1927, respectively.
Malift Air was an airline based in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It operated scheduled and charter regional feeder flights.
From 1982 to 1985, when the Transportation Department approved its operation as a scheduled carrier, it had operated entirely as a charter service.
Chautauqua previously flew feeder services for other airlines as well via code sharing agreements.
AviaSelva was a Peruvian airline headquartered in Iquitos, Peru.
Roblex Aviation was a cargo airline based in Puerto Rico.
Subsequently, China Eastern Airlines and Qantas announced to end the involvement in Jetstar Hong Kong and not to proceed with the investment.
This permitted Command to gain marketing presence associated only usually with much larger airline carriers.
ABC Air Hungary Ltd. is a cargo airline based at Budapest, Hungary.
The maiden flight from London Gatwick to Newark Liberty International Airport took place on 22 June 1984.
Its main base is Zorg en Hoop Airport.
Its main base is Hakodate Airport in Hakodate, with a hub at New Chitose Airport; both are in Hokkaido.
Leisure International Airways was a British charter airline which was established in 1987 and commenced operations in 1993.
Nordic Airways was an airline based in Stockholm, Sweden.
North Cariboo Air has a fleet of 24 aircraft registered with Transport Canada.
They operated a large network of domestic and european services from many UK regional airports.
Its main base is Yangon International Airport.
Coast Air AS was a regional airline based at Haugesund Airport, Karmøy in Norway.
The airline had two light aircraft, which were joined by a Let 410 18 seater in 1997.
The CEO quit on 17 February 2014.
The purchase of MAX gave Air Wisconsin the aircraft and crews it needed for its newly expanded code sharing agreement with United Airlines.
Emirates SkyCargo is the air freight division of Emirates, which started operations in October 1985, the same year Emirates was formed.
This article is about a United States airline.
The company is led by Kai Holmberg and Otto Lagarhus and based at Ramstad in Bærum, Norway.
All its fleets were wet leased from the FAT.
The loss of the DHS contract resulted in the immediate grounding of four McDonnell Douglas MD-80 aircraft to cut costs.
The carrier operates from Bangkok's Don Mueang International Airport, with plans to serve domestic and international scheduled flights from other cities in Thailand.
SkyTeam membership was achieved in late August 2012; the airline's cargo division became a member of SkyTeam Cargo in November 2013.
Capital Cargo International Airlines, Inc. was a cargo airline based in Orlando, Florida, USA from 1995 to 2013.
AirAsia Group operates scheduled domestic and international flights to more than 165 destinations spanning 25 countries.
Nayzak Air Transport was an airline based in Tripoli, Libya.
Although ValuJet was the nominal survivor, the merged airline operated as AirTran until it was purchased by Southwest Airlines in 2011.
In 1963, Pan Am's all cargo jet service began in 1963 with Boeing 707-321C and it dominated Pan Am in air cargo market.
It is headed by Chief Executive Officer Pedro Heilbron.
It was established in 1984 and operated charter services for South Africa's leading tour and conference operators, as well as sports unions.
Safiran Airlines was a cargo airline based in Tehran, Iran.
It launched flights in 2012 on medium and long-haul routes from Singapore, predominantly to Australia and China.
The airline provides both scheduled passenger and cargo charter services.
Corendon Airlines is a Turkish leisure airline headquartered in Antalya and based at Antalya Airport.
Aeromas is an airline based in Montevideo in Uruguay.
XiamenAir is the first airline operated in the course of modern enterprise in China.
Air Alpha Greenland operated flights in Greenland from Ilulissat.
On April 26, 1970, Air East inaugurated six daily passenger flights under the Allegheny Commuter brand.
It was established in 1997 and ceased operations due to bankruptcy in 2006.
The hub airports for RegionsAir were Lambert-St. Louis International Airport and Cleveland Hopkins International Airport.
It operates domestic services, as well as flights to Cairns, Australia.
On June 1, 2007, the airline was integrated into mainline SAS, and changed its name to SAS Scandinavian Airlines Norge.
Audeli is an aircraft operator based in Madrid, Spain.
The airline ceased operations with debts of over 10 million roubles.
Its main base is Valencia Airport  while the management office it is located in the Valencian town of Alzira.
Skyways Express AB was a Swedish airline that operated regional and domestic scheduled services.
Wingo xprs is a small airline company in Finland that was founded 2007.
It was established in 1965 and operated scheduled flights and passenger and charter services in West Africa.
It operates scheduled passenger flights, as well as air taxi services, and agricultural work.
Its main base was Kirov Pobedilovo Airport.
The airline also offers charter flights, air taxi services, specialist aerial work and aircraft brokerage.
The company was founded in 1998, and had its airline license revoked on 1 April 2009.
Al Jaber Aviation is a business jet airline based in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
It will continue the routes currently running and will keep the focus cities that were established by Sun Air.
Its operates from N'Dolo Airport, in Kinshasa.
The airline is a member of the Star Alliance as well as the International Air Transport Association.
The company was absorbed by NorthEast Airlines in 1945.
SonAir Airline Services, S.A., commonly known as SonAir, is a venture of the Angolan national petroleum company Sonangol Group.
Société Aéro-Service Afrigo is an airline headquartered in Pointe-Noire, Republic of the Congo.
Premium Air Shuttle was an airline based in Nigeria.
Today's DZR sees itself as the successor of this original airline and is incorporated under the same name.
Pulkovo Federal State Unified Aviation Service Company was an airline with its head office in Moskovsky District, Saint Petersburg, Russia.
The airline is the 2nd largest customer of Boeing.
Atran, LLC is a cargo airline based in Moscow, Russia.
Following Freddie Laker's acquisition of Air Charter in 1951, Aviation Traders and Aviation Traders became associated companies.
Sky King also conducted flights of deportees to undisclosed destinations on behalf of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Air Guinea was a short-lived airline based in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea.
Central was then headquartered at Meacham Field in Fort Worth, Texas.
Trans States Airlines, along with Compass Airlines and GoJet Airlines, is owned by Trans States Holdings and is headquartered in Bridgeton, Missouri.
With a service area covering a majority of the southern and eastern US, the company operates an average of 5000 flights annually.
It began in the 1930s, and was acquired by Trans World Airlines during World War II.
Britannia Airways was the largest charter airline in the United Kingdom.
Business Aviation Centre, Private Stock Company is an airline based in Kiev, Ukraine.
Air West is an airline based in Khartoum, Sudan.
Pan African Airlines is an airline based in Nigeria and owned by the Bristow Group.
Al Rais Cargo was a cargo airline based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
In the afternoon the route was the reverse.
Its main base was M. R. Štefánik Airport, Bratislava, Slovakia.
European Aviation Air Charter was an airline based in Bournemouth, United Kingdom.
ValuJet was grounded the next month and not allowed to fly again until September, with a greatly reduced fleet.
Venezolana is a Venezuelan low-cost airline based in Maracaibo, Venezuela.
Being a partially owned subsidiary of NetJets Inc., it is based in Portugal, being the largest business aviation company in Europe.
The airline has grown since its launch to become Kuwait's second national airline and has been dynamic in popularizing low-cost carriers in the Middle East.
The Aero Asia was noted as a Low-cost carrier and wide usage of the jet aircraft and jumbo jets.
Air Slovakia was an airline based in Bratislava, Slovakia, operating out of M. R. Štefánik Airport.
Kyrgyz Air was a privately owned airline based in Kyrgyzstan.
In January 2015, Air Arabia announced the acquisition of a 49% stake in Petra Airlines.
It is a privately owned charter airline operating within Montenegro and the surrounding area.
Schedule service to Antigua twice a week Friday and Saturday.
Royal Jordanian is a member of the Arab Air Carriers Organization and of the Oneworld global airline alliance.
It operates cargo and passenger scheduled and charter services within Iran and to neighbouring regions.
One Airlines  is a Chilean airline that provides air transportation for passengers and regular charters for mining, since October 2013.
Its name comes from that of a bird—the common teal—which presents a similarly colored stripe on its head.
EVAS has started a courier route within Atlantic Canada.
Its main base was Warsaw Frederic Chopin Airport.
It operated between May and November 1999.
Bookajet is a British aircraft charter and management company based at Farnborough Airport.
Contour Aviation formerly Corporate Flight Management is an charter airline based in Smyrna, Tennessee, USA.
Air Sweden, also known as Time Air Sweden was a short-lived airline from Sweden, which was operational between 1991 and 1993.
For most of its existence the company was headquartered at Miami International Airport, Florida.
Brockway Glass was also the owner of Crown Airways, an Allegheny Commuter airline headquartered at DuBois, Pennsylvania.
Air Guinee Express was an airline based in Conakry, Guinea.
Ltd, trading as Bhutan Airlines, is Bhutan's first private airline.
The Song brand was placed on more than 200 flights a day which carried over ten million passengers.
In the future, the airline plans to operate a flight to Neftekamsk, also in Bashkortostan.
Before bankruptcy, TAIF was the majority shareholder.
The carrier mostly flies domestic routes in Peru from its base in Lima, as well as Santiago de Chile.
FITS Aviation Limited, DBA FitsAir, is a Sri Lankan airline.
is a regional airline with its corporate headquarters at Tokyo International Airport in Ota, Tokyo, Japan and a wholly owned subsidiary of All Nippon Airways.
Sosoliso Airlines Limited was a scheduled, domestic, passenger airline.
Copa was founded in 1947 as the national airline of Panama and it began domestic operations to three cities in Panama shortly afterwards.
Air Nostrum is an independent carrier which operates as a franchisee of Iberia Airlines and Binter Canarias.
Western Air now operates from their new second hub at Grand Bahama International Airport.
Islas Airways suspended all flight operations on October 16, 2012.
However, the direct current homopolar linear motor railgun is another high acceleration linear motor design.
Air Pacific Limited, trading as Fiji Airways, is the flag carrier airline of Fiji.
WestAir Commuter Airlines was another member of the WestAir Holdings corporation.
The airline was founded in 1956, and was shut down in 2005.
Air Maldives was the first national airline and flag carrier of the Maldives.
Atlantic North Airlines was a Vermont-based commuter carrier linking several cities in New England and New Jersey.
It had its head office in Budapest, with its main operations at Budapest Liszt Ferenc International Airport.
The airline intended to operate up to twelve Boeing 747-400 aircraft in a 581-seat configuration in its first year of operation.
According to Aeris' marketing director A. Scherer, the aim was to lure business travellers from small-and-medium-sized companies away from the national giant.
By 1990, ten BAC One-Elevens were bought, and eight more were acquired in 1991.
Manunggal Air Services is an airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Freddie Laker started Channel Air Bridge as a sister airline of Air Charter on a provisional basis in 1954.
It is also contracted to operate mail flights 6 nights a week on behalf of the Swedish post office and Royal Mail.
In May 2010, the airline announced that it would merge with UAL Corporation via a stock swap.
In addition, SAS also wetleases ATR 72, Saab 2000 and Bombardier CRJ900 aircraft.
Tortug’ Air is a part of Haiti’s transportation infrastructure.
Air New Zealand's regional subsidiaries, Air Nelson and Mount Cook Airline, operate additional domestic services using turboprop aircraft.
Canadian Pacific Air Lines was a Canadian airline that operated from 1942 to 1987.
Korek Airlines was an Iraqi charter airline based in Arbil, Iraq.
Founded in 2008, the activities of Fly Lappeenranta were stopped in 2010.
Its main bases were Glasgow International Airport, Edinburgh Airport and Aberdeen Airport.
Ukrainian Cargo Airways was an airline based in Kiev, Ukraine.
It was created as an alternative to the British government-controlled corporation airlines and was described as the "Second Force" in the 1969 Edwards report.
It operated services to scheduled and charter destinations within Europe.
The company was founded in 2002 and filed for bankruptcy in 2012.
On the 29 May the airline filed for bankruptcy, and on 4 June 2013 the court in Maastricht declared the bankruptcy.
They perform cargo as well as commercial flights to the interior of Suriname and the region.
The company has announced its move from Brussels airport to Liège airport, more flexible with its 24/7 opening hours, in July 2009.
Gulf Traveller was the all-economy full service subsidiary airline of Gulf Air.
It operates scheduled flights as an EasyJet franchisee from Geneva Airport and EuroAirport Basel–Mulhouse–Freiburg.
Southern maintained corporate headquarters in Birmingham with operations headquartered at William B. Hartsfield Airport, near Atlanta.
With the passing of the Check 21 Act, and the increase in the usage of electronic banking, this has been greatly reduced.
Another airline also used the Air Niagara name.
Korean Air was founded as Korean National Airlines in 1946.
On 31 July 2012 it suspended all charter services, less than a week after the scheduled sister airline OLT Express Regional cancelled all its services.
Currently, LAN and TAM continue to work as separate companies, under a common executive management.
Air Mikisew was an airline based in Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada.
Its flights operate from Manas International Airport.
On 28 May 2014 the Australian business was placed into receivership.
Cimber A/S is a Danish airline headquartered in Sønderborg and based at Copenhagen Airport.
Its main base is Sabiha Gökçen International Airport, Istanbul.
Khyber Afghan Airlines is a cargo airline based in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, with its hub at Jalalabad Airport.
Hageland Aviation Services was a regional FAR Part 135 airline based in Anchorage, Alaska, USA.
It is based in Cambridge Bay and has administrative offices in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories.
It ceased its operation on October 31, 2011 and went bankrupt on November 22.
The airline is owned by the Isles of Scilly Steamship Company.
It operates scheduled domestic and regional flights from its main base at Sir Seretse Khama International Airport.
It was part of the RegionalLink Airlines group which also included Airnorth and Airlines of South Australia.
It was established in 2002 as Air Max-Gabon and operated charter and passenger flights in West Africa out of Libreville International Airport.
Harbour Air Seaplanes is a scheduled service, tour and charter airline based in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.
On 21 April 2014, Shandong Airlines committed to order 50 Boeing 737s, including 16 Next-Generation 737s and 34 737 MAXs.
It was at one time the national flag carrier.
One of their Boeing 767-200s routinely handles the flights, replacing the Douglas DC-8 types that flew previously.
The company was founded as Det Norske Luftfartselskap Fred.
In 2005 Mexicana decided to rebrand Aerocaribe as a low-cost airline, MexicanaClick.
Following the award of a contract to Sky Regional Airlines, the Air Canada Express brand was introduced as an umbrella for all regional operations.
Its base is Zvartnots International Airport in Yerevan.
It operated to major regional city-centres and connected these centres to various state capitals, and by the 1980s it was Australia's third largest domestic airline.
Air Century commenced operations in Santo Domingo on March, 1992.
It provided dedicated freighters to airlines on a wet lease basis.
Most Air VIA flights operate from European destinations into Varna Airport and Burgas Airport, the airline also offers wet lease subservices.
Air Côte d'Ivoire is the flag carrier of Ivory Coast, based in Abidjan.
Its main base is Bauerfield International Airport, Port Vila.
It operated on-demand passenger services in the Southeast, Florida, the Caribbean and, the Bahamas.
This is a list of airlines which have a current Air Operator Certificate issued by the Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal.
The airline was nationalized on 10 January 1955 and was renamed Pakistan International Airlines.
Stout Air Services was an airline based in the United States.
The airline operates its main hub at Honolulu International Airport and a secondary hub out of Kahului Airport on the island of Maui.
Qantas Freight was also the owner of Asian-based freight forwarder DPEX Worldwide until that company was acquired by its competitor Toll Holdings in 2010.
It added Los Angeles area service to Santa Barbara Airport in July 2013 and Hawthorne Municipal Airport in December 2013.
The airline originally operated a fleet of Beechcraft Model 18 aircraft, and later, four Beech 99's.
The airline aimed to cater for the "weekend" skier market and Australian skiing holiday makers.
Sounds Air is a New Zealand airline based at Picton.
The ceremony was conducted by Grupo Mexicana CEO, Mr. Manuel Borja.
Hong Kong Airlines’ growing network currently covers over 30 cities regionally, including Auckland, Gold Coast, Shanghai, Sanya, Bangkok, Bali, Tokyo, Sapporo, Beijing, Colombo and Okinawa.
Thus, air transportation takes on an oversized importance for Haiti.
It operates scheduled services to domestic destinations across Iceland and to Greenland,Faroe Islands and United Kingdom.
In October 2010, the airline completed an IPO of 30.4% of outstanding shares.
Its main base was Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport.
Daily Air Corporation is an airline with its headquarters in Songshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The origin of its name lies in the cognate across Norman languages for Alderney.
It operated scheduled flights as well other air transport services throughout the Northern Territory from 1939 to 1980.
Inter Airlines was a charter airline based in Antalya, Turkey.
TUR European Airways was a charter airline from Turkey that operated from 1988 until 1994.
Helicol is a helicopter operator based at El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá, Colombia.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of China Eastern Airlines, but its operations remain separate post-merger, retaining its distinct brand and livery.
Song, LLC was a low-cost air service within an airline brand owned and operated by Delta Air Lines from 2003 to 2006.
Sky Shuttle Helicopters Limited is a helicopter service operator based in Macau.
The airline was founded in 1986 by Cliff and Diane Marchant with a vision to provide low cost flights to the Marlborough Sounds.
It was established and started operations in 1994 and was an ad hoc and charter cargo operator.
Globus Airlines is a Russian airline based at Domodedovo International Airport owned by S7 Group and operating for S7 Airlines.
TAG is the first airline in Guatemala to be certified by the ICAO [1].
Its main base is Simón Bolívar International Airport, Caracas.
Locair provided services on behalf of Air Azul as part of the United States Department of Transportation Essential Air Service Program between Nashville and Somerset.
was a cargo airline headquartered in Brussels Airport and in Zaventem, Belgium.
The airline was rebranded as AVE.com in October 2005.
Its head office is on the third floor of Chinggis Khaan International Airport in Ulaanbaatar.
Its head office is in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, Sakhalin.
British Aerospace, supplier of the airline's BAe 146 aircraft, contributed $2.5 million, and Nansay provided up to $12 million in loans.
It was based out of Manila and operated propeller aircraft including the Handley Page Dart Herald, Fokker F27 Friendship and Lockheed L-188 Electra.
Tradewind Aviation provides shared charter in the Northeast and the Caribbean, and aircraft management services.
Endeavor Air is an American regional airline that operates as Delta Connection for Delta Air Lines.
It operates a domestic schedule linking the major towns of Gabon with regional services to neighbouring countries in West Africa.
The company flew piston, turboprop and jet aircraft types, and conducted flight operations from 1979 until 1990.
Ewa Air is a French airline with its corporate head office on the property of Dzaoudzi Pamandzi International Airport in Pamandzi, Mayotte, near Dzaoudzi.
It was formed by Reg Ansett's takeover of Butler Air Transport.
Uganda Airlines was the flag carrier of Uganda.
The airline plans to cease operations by October 2017.
Tavrey Airlines, also known as Tavrey Aircompany was an airline based in Odessa, Ukraine.
Prior to operations at DFW it operated at Dallas Love Field, having its roots in two smaller commuter air carriers, Dal Airways and Hood Airways.
Bravia was an airline based in Bryansk, Russia.
Deraya Air Taxi is listed in category 2 by Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority for airline safety quality.
Eurowings has gone through a major transformation in recent years.
It operated regular and ad hoc charter flights as well as wet-lease services.
The airline was headquartered in Oude Meer, Haarlemmermeer.
The airline was headquartered in Etobicoke in the west-end of Toronto, Ontario.
Its wide range of services includes: long-term ACMI solutions, on-demand commercial charters, as well as Department of Defense Civil Reserve Air Fleet.
To date it has flown to 186 countries and 1486 airports, and has served over 210,000 passengers.
The plans were launched on 2 October 2009 and the announced starting date was Spring 2011 with Airbus A330-200 aircraft.
They also have the capacity to carry out supply and maintenance of up to 20 helicopters of various models.
It also has a base outside the hotel Cameron House, Loch Lomond, hence the operator's name.
Alitalia – Società Aerea Italiana, operating as Alitalia, is the flag carrier of Italy.
Commuter Airlines was a commuter airline based in Binghamton, New York from the 1960s to 1984.
Kaz Air Trans is an airline founded in 2008 and based in Astana, Kazakhstan.
TABA – Transportes Aéreos da Bacia Amazônica was a Brazilian airline founded in 1976.
On 29 October 2006 it completed a merger with government owned Federal State Unified Aviation Service Company to form a new company under the Rossiya name.
Alaska Coastal Airlines was taken over by Alaska Airlines in April 1968.
Its main base was Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport.
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, legally Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij N.V., is the flag carrier airline of the Netherlands.
Great Lakes Airlines, is an American regional airline operating domestic scheduled and charter services.
A former pilot had filed a report to the German Federal Aviation Office, concerning poorly trained pilots and ageing aircraft, which had not been properly maintained.
The same year, Silver City Airways came under the control of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company.
Operating between 1989 and 2004, the company operated Britten-Norman Islander, Embraer 110 and Saab 340 aircraft.
The airline has hubs in Cape Town International Airport and OR Tambo International Airport.
Air Ontario also operated Fokker F28 Fellowship jets at one point.
Benina International Airport in Benghazi serves as a secondary base.
Color Air AS was the first Norwegian low-cost airline.
The airline made its first flight on January 21, 2011.
In 1942, it reformed as Colonial Airlines, which was later absorbed by Eastern Air Lines.
It was publicly owned and was the second airline in Zimbabwe to break the monopoly of Air Zimbabwe.
In 1937 ABA became the second European operator of the Douglas DC-3 after KLM.
Southwest Airlines owns and retains all ownership of the operating certificate and all assets held by ATA Airlines including trademarks, logos, etc.
The airline had bid for EAS services between Athens, Georgia; Macon, Georgia; Atlanta, Georgia and Sanford/Orlando, Florida.
Metrojet has a regional presence with satellite maintenance base in Clark, The Philippines.
The integration was completed on March 3, 2012.
It operated charter services for tour operators.
Air Canada Express is a brand name under which four regional airlines operate feeder flights for Air Canada.
All leased aircraft were returned to their owners.
Air Ecosse was a Scottish commuter airline based in Aberdeen operating in the late 1970s to mid-1980s.
Its main base is Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and has further bases at Rotterdam The Hague Airport, Munich Airport and Eindhoven Airport.
Founded in 1960, the airline had flights from Conakry International Airport.
Air New Zealand Limited is the flag carrier airline of New Zealand.
The airline was founded in 1934, and was engaged in various general aviation activities.
Compañía Dominicana de Aviación, usually shortened to Dominicana, was an airline from the Dominican Republic, serving as flag carrier of the country.
It was founded in 1972 at the NILITS research-test centre where a heliport was created along with their own airline.
It operated holiday charter flights from Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands to Turkish resorts, as well as wet lease services for other airlines.
Air Haïti was an airline based in Haiti.
The RUM Group retained a 51% stake in the airline, which was then rebranded as Air Arabia Jordan in early 2015.
Specair is a specialist airline which carries out testing and calibration of flight equipment as well as search-and-rescue missions and aircraft maintenance.
As of the end of 2013 its operating license has been suspended.
The airline is based at Alexandria's Borg El Arab Airport.
Bankrupted in 2001, it was affiliated to U-Land Building Co., Ltd before it ceases, and is the first airline company bankrupted in Taiwan.
It is the flag carrier of the Marshall Islands, operating inter-island services in the Central Pacific.
The two brothers were offering airplane rides.
Its main base was Faa'a International Airport.
Mega Aircompany is a charter airline based in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
It operated branded wet lease, ad hoc and contract passenger and freight charter services, as well as VIP flights and aircraft sales and maintenance.
In 1980, the airline changed its name to Capitol Air.
Chargeurs Réunis held a 62.5% stake in UTA.
The airline was supported with capital from Singapore-based companies.
It commenced operations in November 2005 and operates a fleet of Airbus A320 aircraft in all economy configuration.
Operating bases are Lelystad Airport, Amsterdam Heliport and a company owned heliport in Emmer Compascuum, which is also the location of the company's head office.
Air Dolomiti S.p.A. is an Italian regional airline with its head office in Dossobuono, Villafranca di Verona, Italy and operating base at Munich Airport, Germany.
For the airline in the Philippines, see Corporate Air.
Suparna Airlines is an airline based in the People's Republic of China.
Ltd. is an airline based in Kathmandu, Nepal.
The Deutsche Zeppelin Reederei, abbreviated DZR, is a limited-liability company that operates commercial passenger zeppelin flights.
These contracts were terminated following the failure of European carrier Futura International Airways, from which Ryan leased several aircraft to support this operation.
In 1972 the airline added a Douglas DC-3 to its fleet, competing with the state-owned Aviateca.
It flew from regional airports in Poland on behalf of tour operators, and was the first Polish airline to have Airbus aircraft in its fleet.
Regent Tours International acquired the airline in January 1986.
These events caused a gradual termination of all services as the fleet was grounded and seized by the leasing companies.
Within 3 years, passenger loads had climbed to 2000 a month; and the airline was established.
Its main bases' were London Southend Airport.
It was founded on 16 November 1909 and operated Zeppelin rigid airships manufactured by the Luftschiffbau Zeppelin Corporation.
Its IATA and ICAO codes were 5V and UNI, respectively.
It ceased operations on October 11, 2004.
Asiana is also currently an official sponsor of the South Korea national football team and The Presidents Cup 2015.
Previously its head office was located in the Beautiful Jade Centre in Miri.
Mokulele Flight Service, Inc., doing business as Mokulele Airlines, Inc., is an American commuter airline based in Kona on the Big Island of Hawaii.
MAC is one of the largest feeder airlines in the United States.
Ethiopian is a Star Alliance member, having joined in December 2011.
Air Fiji was an airline based in Nausori, Fiji.
Air Atlas was a Moroccan airline based at Casablanca.
Its main base was Abruzzo International Airport, Pescara.
It provided air freight services to six domestic and foreign locations for the United States Department of Defense.
Linus Airways was a regional airline in Indonesia.
Qantas is a founding member of the Oneworld airline alliance.
It was established in 1997 to succeed the folded Air Zaire.
The company had "not launched scheduled operations under the Austriair brand" in the spring of 2010.
Elbrus Avia was a passenger airline company based in Nalchik, Russia.
Its main base was Dubai International Airport.
Qantas Freight is a subsidiary company of Qantas, responsible for the air cargo operations of the Qantas group.
The Brønnøysund, Framnes and newspaper routes were all lost in 2006, after which the company fell into financial difficulties.
Scheduled air transport, including all passenger and cargo flights operating on regularly scheduled routes; and
Formerly part of Aloha Airlines, it became an independent cargo operator following the closure of the passenger airline in 2008.
NetJets was founded in 1964 as Executive Jet Aviation.
In 1930, the Romanian arm adopted the name LARES.
The airline was operating for Mahan Air.
Not to be confused with Volaris, a low-cost airline of Mexico.
Saha Airlines is an Iranian airlines based in Tehran that operates scheduled domestic flights.
Lufthansa's registered office and corporate headquarters are in Cologne.
During its heyday in 1969, Universal Airlines looked into the plausibility of obtaining the Lockheed L-500 to carry passengers and their vehicles from coast to coast.
It operated freighter aircraft services off and on at different stages of its history, the latest being from 2006 to 2012.
Its main base is N'Dolo Airport, Kinshasa.
It operates international flights in addition to inter-island services.
Regional Air was an airline based in Madang, Papua New Guinea.
It was founded in 1996 and shut down in 1999.
Balair was a Swiss airline that became BalairCTA when it merged with CTA/Compagnie de Transport Aerien in 1993.
The Airline closed in February 1984 after failing to get further government subsidies.
In August 2015, the airline became part of a new regional airline group, Airline Investments Limited, along with Loganair.
SkyStar Airways ceased operations on January 3, 2009 after not paying any of the staff salary for six months after September 2008.
It was headquartered on the grounds of the Britannia House in Luton, Bedfordshire.
GoJet Airlines LLC is a company headquartered in Bridgeton, Missouri, United States.
Liberty Jet Management was founded by Daniel Leon and Christian Deputy and gained its FAA certification in November 2006.
The main fleet before 1939 were eight triple-engined German-built Junkers Ju52/3m aircraft HA-JUA to HA-JUG, one airplane HA-DUR for the government, delivered between 1933-39.
Existing stamps issued by the company are sought after by collectors.
Aeroejecutivos is a small airline based in Venezuela providing a scheduled service, tourist and charter flights.
Mauritania Airways S.A. was an airline based in Nouakchott, Mauritania, operating out of Nouakchott International Airport.
Bmibaby's final flight, from Málaga to East Midlands, operated on 9 September 2012.
They operated out of Copenhagen under the Eurolink brand, as well as taking over regional services in Northern Norway from May 1990 under the Norlink brand.
Layang Layang Aerospace Sdn Bhd is a regional-charter airline based in Sabah, Malaysia.
The aircraft are financed by the Czech Republic Export Bank.
It also operated a public service obligation on the route Bodø-Værøy and the national rescue helicopter service for some years.
Its head office was located on the grounds of Helsinki-Malmi Airport in Helsinki.
The name of the company is derived from Luft 'air' and Hansa, the Hanseatic League.
Passengers can use the application to check flight arrivals and departures, and check in for their flights.
Ocean Sky UK was liquidated in 2012.
Effective December 31, 2011, all flights began operating under the name ExpressJet making it the largest regional airline in the world with more than 400 aircraft.
This deal has been surrounded in controversy because it was completed at the end of the center-right government's mandate with wide opposition from TAP employees.
It ceased operations in June 2005 due to financial difficulties.
Strategic Aviation, a sister company, flew air charter flights using the Air Australia fleet or other leased aircraft.
The company offers scheduled flights from downtown Vancouver and the Richmond Floatplane base at Vancouver International Airport to Victoria, Nanaimo, Comox, the Sunshine Coast, and Whistler.
It operated flights mainly to southern Europe from its hub at Brussels Airport.
The RMA stood for Reginald Miles Ansett, the founder of Ansett Airlines.
These companies included Braniff Air Lines, Inc., Paul R. Braniff, Inc., Braniff Airways, Inc. and Braniff International Corporation.
Family Airlines was an American low-cost airline proposed in the 1990s.
Icelandair is the main airline of Iceland, headquartered at Keflavík International Airport in Iceland.
Sundsvallflyg was part of the now dissolved brand Sverigeflyg which incorporated several small domestic airlines.
It caters around the 22 countries of the globe.
It exclusively serves as an affiliate of FedEx Feeder, a regional service that operates as a subsidiary of FedEx Express.
This fleet and its staff of well-qualified pilots and mechanics allowed FS to fulfill its mission statement: "Anything, Anytime, Anywhere!"
The airline operates scheduled flights to Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, North America and South America out of Mexico City International Airport in Mexico City.
It was owned by Niki Lauda during much of its existence, later becoming a charter airline subsidiary for leisure operations of Austrian Airlines.
The airline declared bankruptcy on November 8, 2006.
The headquarters moved to Greensboro in 1996 after Continental Airlines ended the Continental Lite operations in Greensboro.
This forced Channel Airways to cease operations in February 1972.
To earn extra revenue, Cherry decided to issue stamps starting at $0.10 for carrying airmail, making the airline the first airmail provider in Prince Albert.
It is a joint US-Uzbek venture and formed SRX Group in Florida in 1993.
At the time of the insolvency of the airline, the fleet consisted of Boeing 757s and 1 Airbus A.300B4-622R.
As of October 2013, PSA Airlines employed 1,080 people.
The airline has its hub at Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi, alongside several focus cities across India.
The airline was split up in 1996, following a period of losses.
In addition, another competitor, Aero Virgin Islands from the U.S. Virgin Islands, proved an impossible obstacle to overcome for Air Caribbean.
National Air Cargo, also operating as National Airlines, is an American airline based in Orlando, Florida.
It operated domestic and international cargo charters from Yekaterinburg to destinations within the CIS, Western Europe, China and the United Arab Emirates.
It is also an authorised service centre for AgustaWestland and MIL helicopters.
It operated charter flights and inclusive tours since 1967 from Europe, mainly to Mombasa.
Clickair flew to nearly 40 destinations in Europe.
The airline's destinations included Gaborone, Botswana; Lilongwe, Malawi; Perth, Australia and Singapore.
The airline is the Philippine affiliate of AirAsia, a low-cost airline based in Malaysia.
This Airline has been in operation for 75 years.
The airline's headquarters were located in Melbourne.
Its main base is Khartoum International Airport.
STP Airways is the national airline of São Tomé, São Tomé and Príncipe.
Japan Air Transport Corporation was the national airline of the Empire of Japan from 1928 to 1938.
Aero Slovakia is an aviation company based in Slovakia offering a range of aviation services, including air taxi operations.
Sky Service is a charter airline, which operates several helicopters and smaller aircraft.
The airline was founded as a private company, by Rahul Bhatia of InterGlobe Enterprises; and Rakesh Gangwal, a United States-based expatriate Indian; in 2006.
The airline was on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
The airline operated without competition on domestic routes in Greece and served a small number of European and Middle Eastern cities.
Cirrus Airlines Luftfahrtgesellschaft mbH was a regional airline with its head office on the property of Saarbrücken Airport in Saarbrücken, Germany.
Grand Canyon Airlines is an 14 CFR Part 135 air carrier headquartered on the grounds of Boulder City Airport, Boulder City, NV.
In the decades following its founding, the airline expanded its fleet and destinations but it was adversely affected by corruption and mismanagement.
It was a start-up airline intending to operate domestic services, as well as services to Europe.
It started a new route between Berlin and Leningrad on 6 June 1928, and maintained both routes until 31 March 1936.
Soon after, Juan Emilio Posada was appointed CEO and would serve until the airline's demise in 2003.
Lynx Aviation, Inc. was a regional airline based in Denver, Colorado, United States.
In 1984 it began transitioning into operating in affiliation with American Airlines, much like AmericanConnection did.
It operates charter flights within Ukraine and to neighbouring CIS countries.
Belau Air is a Palauan airline with its headquarters in Koror.
Its main base was the Moshoeshoe International Airport.
It was wholly owned by Sky Greenland and had 50 employees in January 2016.
The company was established as a short-haul regional flight service, wholly owned subsidiary of Lion Air and started operations on 10 July 2003.
Cosmos Air Cargo is a cargo airline based at El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá, Colombia.
VIF Airways was a private Air Taxi operator based in Hyderabad, India.
As of December 2014, the company employs 10,183 people.
Its main bases were Portela Airport, Lisbon and Madeira Airport with its own flight school in Cascais Aerodrome.
The airline started operating on February 5, 2008 with regular flights to Moscow and Dubai.
Adria Airways d.d., formerly Inex-Adria Aviopromet, later Inex-Adria Airways, is the largest airline in Slovenia.
Former Sterling employees were not guaranteed jobs in the resurrected company, although Cimber believed many of them would be offered jobs.
NorOntair was a defunct airline from Canada that operated its first scheduled flight October 18, 1971 and its last flight March 29, 1996.
The carrier has the latter airport as the base of its flight operations.
It operates domestic charter passenger and cargo services, including contract services.
The airline's slogan was "Good Speed Always".
Chautauqua Airlines, Inc., was an American regional airline and a subsidiary of Republic Airways Holdings based in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
Its main base is Orlando Sanford International Airport.
USAir changed its name to US Airways in 1997.
Prince Aviation is a private charter operator and air taxi in Serbia.
2,565 were from operations, 429 from the commercial departments, and 303 from the support departments.
For the most part, the company operated non-scheduled services.
Its main base was Phnom Penh International Airport, with hubs at Bangkok International Airport and Angkor International Airport, Siem Reap.
It is owned by Italian shareholders and Femar.
Additionally, on January 28, 2015, Branson AirExpress announced service operated by Orange Air to begin in May 2015 From Branson to New Orleans and Cincinnati.
Wingo xprs has no planes or staff of its own but rents them instead.
The airline operated scheduled passenger and cargo flights from Gaspé to other Canadian cities.
People's Viennaline, is an Austrian airline headquartered in Vienna.
Hamburg Airlines was a small German airline which operated from 1988 to 1997.
Celestair is an alliance of Air Burkina, Air Mali and Air Uganda.
Biman Bangladesh Airlines, partly transcribed from English into Bengali and the other way around, commonly known as Biman, is the flag carrier of Bangladesh.
Part of the SAS Group and headquartered at the SAS Frösundavik Office Building in Solna, Sweden, the airline operates 182 aircraft to 90 destinations.
One Two Go Airlines Co. Lte was a low-cost airline based in Don Mueang, Bangkok, Thailand.
Bonaire Express was an airline based in Bonaire, Netherlands.
Med Airways was a small Lebanese charter airline.
It is the leading airline in amount of flights out of Irkutsk and is a major player on the domestic Siberian market.
It is the national airline of the Maldives.
It is partly owned by the founders of Europe's biggest low cost airline, Ryanair.
The airline has been included in the list of air carriers banned in the European Union since March 2010.
AirAsia Japan Co., Ltd is the name of two incarnations of Japanese low-cost airline, operating as a joint venture between AirAsia of Malaysia and Japanese partners.
Bmibaby Limited was a British low-cost airline that flew to destinations in the UK and Europe from its bases at Birmingham and East Midlands airports.
It is the fourth largest airline in the country by number of domestic passengers carried, with a market share of 12.6% as of March 2017.
The airline has been re-branded a number of times, first as Air Philippines, then Airphil Express, and is now known as PAL Express.
Air Charter was a French charter airline that operated from 1966 to 1998.
Interivoire, formally known as Societé Ivoirienne de Transport Aerien was an airline of the Ivory Coast.
Canadian Colonial Airways was founded in 1929 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
It also serves regional destinations in New South Wales and Queensland and operates charter flights to Bali.
The company provides executive charter services, as well as aircraft management and brokerage.
It operates international, domestic and charter routes as a scheduled carrier.
It operates corporate and freight charter services.
It was known as Makung Airlines until 1996, when EVA Air took a majority share of the airline.
SkyEurope Airlines was a low-cost airline headquartered in Bratislava, with its main base at M. R. Štefánik Airport in Bratislava, Slovakia, and another base in Prague.
There was not enough business to support the three companies, and they were all struggling financially.
Inter-Canadien was a Canadian airline headquartered in Dorval, Quebec.
A joint venture between Shanghai Airlines and EVA Air of the Evergreen Group based in Taiwan, Republic of China, it was established in June 2006.
It acts as the aviation element of the Kazakhstan Ministry of Emergency Situations.
The airline also announced that it would begin service to Honolulu from Los Angeles or San Francisco for $249.
The air charter airline is based in Antigua and provides services to Anguilla, Montserrat, Saint Kitts and Nevis and other islands.
It uses the Piper Navajo for this purpose.
During the post-World War II era, Francis Cyprien Fabre was the President of Chargeurs Réunis.
EgyptAir is the flag carrier airline of Egypt.
Regentair was an airline with its headquarters in Westchester, Los Angeles, California.
The airline operates bases at Atlantic City, Chicago–O'Hare, Dallas/Fort Worth, Detroit, Fort Lauderdale and Las Vegas as of 2015.
Eos Airlines, Inc. was an American all-business class airline headquartered in Purchase, New York, with its flights from John F. Kennedy International Airport, New York.
Charles Taylor, former president of the Republic of Liberia, and convicted war criminal) played a critical personal role in the demise of the company.
Ltd., doing business as King Island Airlines, is a small regional airline based in Moorabbin, Australia.
The transaction was completed in early January 2017.
On 12 April 2010 the airline announced that it would cease flights on 30 April 2010.
It operated services to destinations in Europe.
Skybus Airlines Inc. was a privately held airline based in Columbus, Ohio, United States.
Nacional Transportes Aéreos was a Brazilian airline founded in 2000.
A scheduled service was introduced from Skien to Oslo Airport, Fornebu in 1963, and extended to Sandefjord Airport, Torp and Hamar Airport, Stafsberg four years later.
The airline resumed services on 10 October 2013, beginning its first international flights to India and Thailand.
Its main base was Koltsovo International Airport, Yekaterinburg.
SLM will periodically perform quality checks on the aircraft and audit Caricom Airways.
It operates scheduled international cargo services on behalf of DHL and ad hoc domestic and international cargo charters.
The company closed in 2005 without conducting any flights.
AirBridgeCargo Airlines, LLC is the largest Russian cargo airline and part of Volga-Dnepr Group.
Services provided include VIP transport, offshore transport, flight training, aerial photography, medical flights, freight transport and aerial inspection flights.
It is based in Saint Petersburg, there are branches in Moscow Vnukovo International Airport, Rostov-on-Don Airport and Orenburg Tsentralny Airport.
It merged again in 1981, this time with Swift Aire Lines, but discontinued service shortly thereafter.
Alsie Express is a Danish virtual airline based at Sønderborg, Denmark.
Finnair is the fifth oldest airline in the world with uninterrupted existence.
Air Ecosse was a subsidiary of Fairflight Charters based at Biggin Hill.
Eastdaq under the ticker symbol CBIR in November 1997.
It was based in Hamburg and offered holiday flights on behalf of tour operators.
The airline secured it operating license from the Egyptian authorities on the 22 May 2010 and began commercial operations on 1 June 2010.
It was also known for a time as Owensboro Aviation.
Flying Colours was a UK charter airline that operated for 4 years between 1996 and 2000.
Central Connect Airlines was an airline based in Ostrava, Czech Republic.
Aero DaVinci Internacional, S.A. de C.V. is an airline based in Reynosa, Tamaulipas, Mexico.
Chitaavia was an airline based in Chita, Russia.
It offered passengers airport lounge access, premium complimentary meals and beverages and on-demand in-flight entertainment.
The airline was one of the first carriers to introduce the Premium Economy class, which it debuted in 1991.
It operates international services out of Bangkok's Don Mueang International Airport.
Presidential Airways is a charter cargo and passenger airline currently based at Melbourne International Airport serving Melbourne, Florida, USA.
This event also marks the beginning of Norlandair offering aviation services on the east coast of Greenland.
The airline commenced operations with Douglas C-47 aircraft, operating out of Fornebu and Copenhagen Airport.
Rossair Charter is an air charter company based in Adelaide, Australia.
Dniproavia is an airline headquartered at Dnipro International Airport in Dnipro, Ukraine, operating scheduled and chartered passenger flights.
As of December 2013, Air Algérie was 100% owned by the government of Algeria.
The airline was on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
Mesa Air Group owned approximately 75% of the company, while Transpac and other Mokulele shareholders owned approximately 25%.
Formerly part of the Mount Cook Group, it now operates scheduled services throughout the country under the Air New Zealand Link brand.
Aerocancun was an airline founded in 1989 in Mexico.
Perpignan was one of these battlegrounds, with Air France operating four daily round-trips from Paris, and Aeris three.
The new $4 million state-of-the-art Western Air terminal will be housing Western Air’s terminal, corporate office and maintenance facility.
When their non-compete clause with McCall Aviation expired, they began full operations again.
Dominair was a passenger airline based in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic, that had offered flights to Port-au-Prince, Haiti, until 2007.
Its main base was Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport, San Juan.
The airline flew domestically within Australia and from the 1990s to destinations in Asia.
The airline did however change the IATA code from VB to OE during the latter part of the 1980s.
The airline also operated as Slovenian Spirit and Salzburg Spirit on routes to and from Salzburg and Maribor, Slovenia.
Operations ceased in 2010 when new regulations were enforced
In 1949, it established a French sister airline.
Cargojet Inc. is a scheduled cargo airline based in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
Servicio Aéreo Ejecutivo was a small Air Taxi operator in Peru that later on expanded operations to include charter passenger and cargo flights.
Teal was a fad color during the 1990s, with, among others, many sports teams adopting the color for their uniforms.
Toumaï Air Chad is the national flag carrier airline of Chad.
Société Belge des Transports par Air SA, known by its short form Sobelair, was a Belgian airline from that operated from 1946 to 2004.
Hellenic Imperial Airways was an airline which had its head office in Ellinikon, South Athens, Greece.
Its main base was Vilnius International Airport.
Jet 24 was a United States charter airline that operated from 1979 until its demise in 1986.
It operated from 1930 until 1935, when it was taken over by South African Airways.
It was planned to extend the fleet to six aircraft.
The airline operates over 500 flights per week, with at least 110 daily departures and was formerly known as Alia Royal Jordanian Airlines.
As of August 2016, the carrier ranks among the top ten Russian biggest airlines in terms of carried passengers.
In September 2011, SALSA d'Haïti was accepted as a member of the IATA Multilateral Interline Transport Agreement.
It was founded in 1961 but disappeared from the Official Airline Guide 15 years later before finally going out of business in 1986.
Its main base is Queen Alia International Airport, Amman from where it operates its fleet of Wide Body and Narrow Body aircraft.
TransAsia suspended operations and shut down indefinitely on 22 November 2016 after a pair of hull loss incidents that occurred within months of each other.
In 2003, Wasaya Airways bought the rights to serve remote First Nations communities from Bearskin Airlines.
Opinion L.A. of the Los Angeles Times called PSA "practically the unofficial flag carrier airline of California for almost 40 years."
Thιs was due to unexplained delays and cancellations by Athens Airways.
It has code-sharing and schedule co-ordination agreements with South African Airways and South African Express.
It is the largest helicopter operator in the Netherlands.
On September 9, 1980, and interline agreement was signed with Air Florida.
It operates a network of domestic and European services from its main base at London City Airport.
During the summer of 1997, the airline filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and ceased operations on September 2.
Its main bases are Brasília and São Paulo-Guarulhos airports.
The company was headquartered in Lima, with the city's Jorge Chavez International Airport serving as its hub.
It operates domestic scheduled passenger, charter, and tour services as well as flight tours, mostly throughout Interior Alaska.
The airline is on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
Abaco Air Limited was a scheduled and charter airline based in the Bahamas.
As of 2005 it was the largest helicopter operator in the North-West of Russia.
It also operates charters, medical evacuation and search and rescue services.
It charges $1,950 per month plus a $1,000 signup fee.
Normal day-to-day operations were set to continue during the company reorganization.
Norwegian Air Lines resumed services in 1946 and the following year West Norway Airlines was established with their base at Sandviken.
KLM operates scheduled passenger and cargo services to 145 destinations.
It had management connections with Global Air Group, which was also unsuccessful.
It started and ceased operations in 2001.
SN Brussels Airlines was a national airline of Belgium, which mainly operated from Brussels Airport.
Southern Air is also the first company to provide ACMI service for the wide-body Boeing 777F.
It operates chartered cargo and business passenger flights within Congo and to neighbouring countries out of its base at Pointe-Noire Airport.
It was a member of the Commuter Airline Association of America.
Those positions received same-day notice as the company attempted to further cut costs.
Its main base was Dubai International Airport.
The company called in the administrators on 17 September 2007 and all flying stopped.
Great Wall Airlines Company Limited was a cargo airline based in Shanghai, People's Republic of China.
The airline ended scheduled passenger flights on Sunday, December 31, 2000 and then became a charter air carrier.
Its main base was Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport.
Ecuato Guineana de Aviación was Equatorial Guinea's national airline, although it now appears to be defunct.
The airline is the third largest in the Middle East in terms of revenue, behind Emirates and Qatar Airways.
Its main base was at Mehrabad International Airport.
The company's registered office is in Basel.
In October 2015, it has been announced that tour operator Anex Tours would acquire UTair-Ukraine from UTair Aviation.
Convair 580 turboprops operated by Air Ontario prompted the nickname "Scare Ontario".
St Barth Commuter is a French airline based in Saint-Barthélemy in the Caribbean.
This left MAX without a codeshare partner and it was subsequently sold in 1998 to Air Wisconsin.
It is the largest airline in India by passengers carried and fleet size, with a 41.2% market share as of May 2017.
Proteus Airlines was a French regional airline with its head offices in Saint-Apollinaire, Côte-d'Or, France, near Dijon, and in Saint-Étienne.
The airline has temporarily set those plans aside for cooperation with Surinam Airways.
Formed in 1948, the airline operated 2 Consolidated PBY Catalina seaplanes from Outer Harbour Ferry Terminal, Macau to Kai Tak Airport in Hong Kong.
AlMasria Universal Airlines is an Egyptian private airline based in Egypt.
It is wholly owned by Deutsche Post DHL and provides services on the group's DHL-branded parcel and express network in Europe.
On 11 November 2011 Albania’s Civil Aviation Authority revoked the license of Albanian Airlines.
Styrian Spirit was an airline based in Graz, Austria, the capital of Styria.
After selling its fleet of aircraft in 2007, LCI purchased new aircraft in 2009.
Astra Airlines is a Greek regional airline headquartered in Thessaloniki and based at Thessaloniki International Airport.
The airline was founded in 2010, and ceased operations in 2014.
It has maintenance bases in Charlotte, North Carolina; Cincinnati, Ohio; Dayton, Ohio and at the Akron–Canton Airport in Green, Ohio.
Its head office is on the grounds of 6th district Prague, Vokovice.
It is a regional air carrier operating inter-island services within the Canary Islands.
It operates passenger services to Russia, United Arab Emirates, Turkey and within the Asian republics.
At any one time they have an average of 1500 staff working there
Flight operations began on 3 June 2010.
It is a sister company of LATAM Cargo México, LATAM Cargo Brasil and LATAM Cargo Colombia.
Air BC was an airline headquartered in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.
It operates scheduled passenger and freight services, as well as charter flights.
Upon terminating operations, Snowflake continued to be used as a brand for discounted tickets on European destinations.
The airline is now defunct and previously they only flew to Port-au-Prince and had a fleet composed of two leased L-410 Turbolet aircraft.
The company went public in November 2015.
Zagros Airlines is an Iranian airline headquartered in Tehran and based at Abadan Airport.
The airline ceased all operations in 2000, however, no source for a declared bankruptcy has been found.
Fly Hellas was a privately owned charter airline.
At its peak in 1965, the airline had a fleet of fourteen aircraft.
The integration was completed on March 3, 2012.
WestJet is currently the second-largest Canadian air carrier, behind Air Canada, operating an average of 425 flights and carrying over 45,000 passengers per day.
Azerbaijan Airlines, also known as AZAL, is the flag carrier and largest airline of the country of Azerbaijan.
However, this did not protect the airline from announcing bankruptcy on 31 August 2009 and cancelling all flights immediately.
Centennial served Denver, Colorado, Billings, Montana; Logan and Salt Lake City, Utah; Casper, Cheyenne, Cody, Jackson, Lander, Laramie, Rawlins, Riverton, Rock Springs and Worland, Wyoming.
Mihin Lanka was a low-fare leisure airline based in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Aéropostale was a pioneering aviation company which operated from 1918 to 1933.
Al-Dawood Air was founded in 2002 as a subsidiary of the Al-Dawood Group, and ceased operations in 2005.
SAA is the official airline of the Association of Tennis Professionals.
Air Commerz was a German airline that operated for a short time between 1970 and 1972.
CityJet ceased flying in November, and the company ceased operating the following month.
It was fully integrated into Southwest Airlines on December 28, 2014.
Services are public charter flights that operate on a published schedule and are sold to the public.
During the summer months the airline, chartered by Trans East International Airlines, flew scheduled flights from La Guardia to Nantucket and Martha's Vineyard.
Since 2002, major players of Oil and Gas Industry in Algeria trust Air Express.
Most of BSAA's aircraft were given individual aircraft names beginning with "Star", the heavenly bodies used in long-range celestial navigation.
British United Island Airways was formed in November 1968 as part of a reorganisation of the BUA group of companies.
State Air Company Berkut, commonly known as Berkut Air is an airline based in Astana, Kazakhstan, operating Government charter flights out of Astana International Airport.
It is one of the largest scheduled all-cargo airlines in Europe with a global network.
In 2005 it was rebranded as Charter Air.
The airline's regional service is Air Canada Express.
Novair International Airways was a British charter airline that operated between 1988 and 1990.
Aerolift was a South African airline based in Bryanston, Gauteng, Johannesburg, operating chartered passenger and cargo flights within Africa using Soviet-built aircraft.
Trans-Florida Airlines is an American airline based in Daytona Beach, Florida, USA.
It is headquartered at 180 Jersey Road, Woollahra, New South Wales, Australia.
North Flying main business is within charter operations, such as air taxi, air ambulance, and freight, and also training-, photo-, and banner flights.
Its head office is on the fifth floor of Kensetsu-to on the property of Kansai International Airport in Izumisano, Osaka Prefecture.
Between 1996 and 2005, it operated air taxi and cargo services.
The company also started a subsidiary named Air Republiq to cater the islands of Batanes, linking them to different major cities of Luzon.
La Costena, however, differs from NICA because it still operates under its company name.
Small part of fleet continued operation under another operator SiAvia.
British European Airways, formally British European Airways Corporation, was a British airline which existed from 1946 until 1974.
At one time AmericanConnection operated over 180 flights a day to 21 destinations.
It operated for twelve years between 1988 and 2000.
In January 2011 BA merged with Iberia, creating the International Airlines Group, a holding company registered in Madrid, Spain.
It operated scheduled and charter passenger services.
Tahoe Air made its first flight to Los Angeles on June 25, 1999.
Its main base was Newcastle Airport, with a hub at Sydney Airport.
In 1936, Widerøe started scheduled seaplane flights and, from 1940, also ambulance flights.
China Northwest Airlines Co., Ltd. was an airline based in the People's Republic of China, with its headquarters in Xian.
It operated services between Burkina Faso and France.
From then on, the company continuously lost money.
The inaugural flight occurred on 3 February 2008, from Bahrain to Dubai.
Grand Canyon Airlines introduced commercial airline service to Boulder City Airport on June 15, 1936.
It is 51%-owned by the Russian Government.
Until 1997, it was wholly owned by the Basotho government and operated both international and domestic passenger services to 16 destinations across 4 countries.
The SAS fleet consists of Airbus A319, A320, A321, A330 and A340, and Boeing 737 Next Generation aircraft.
Rutaca is an airline based in Ciudad Bolívar, Venezuela.
It is the world's first carbon neutral airline.
It was reported in March 2015 that Wilson was looking at restarting an airline, under the name Kiwi Regional Airlines.
Air Florida was an American low-cost carrier that operated from 1971 to 1984.
From its hub at Tocumen International Airport in Panama City, scheduled passenger flights to a number of destinations in the Americas was offered.
There was also a U.S.-based Interstate Airlines which was a cargo air carrier operating Boeing 727-100, Douglas DC-8-62 and Lockheed L-188 Electra freighter aircraft.
Additional business charter flights are operated under the name Executive Blue.
Proposed destinations included Delhi, Bangkok, Munich and Manchester.
Its subsidiary WestJet Encore also operates the Bombardier Q400.
On 6 March 2007, the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, removed DAS Air Cargo from its list of banned aircraft after they made safety improvements.
Wings Abadi Airlines, usually shortened to Wings Air, is a scheduled commuter passenger airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia, operating out of Soekarno-Hatta International Airport.
Apisa Air Cargo was a cargo/freight airline based in Peru that began operations in 1985 and ceased flying in 1997.
Upon the completion of US Airways' merger process with American Airlines, US Airways Express was rebranded as American Eagle on October 17, 2015.
Air Panama regularly flew into Los Angeles for years.
Shenzhen Airlines is an airline headquartered in Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport in Bao'an District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China.
It operated domestic scheduled services and regional charter flights.
Songbird Airways is a charter airline based in Miami, Florida.
As of 30 October 2013, the airline operates a scheduled passenger network to 44 destinations in 13 countries and territories across Asia.
Odyssey Airlines is a British startup airline headquartered in London with a planned base at London City Airport.
On 3 February 2012, Malév stopped flying and on 14 February 2012 was declared insolvent and ordered liquidated by the Metropolitan Court of Budapest.
It expected to resume operations later in 2012 but has remained suspended well into 2016.
Regional service is operated by independent carriers under the brand name United Express.
Though they had bought their first MD-11 in December 1996, they did not begin operations until March 1997.
Aviatrans Kiev is the successor of the former Trans Kiev which loses the flying license.
Headquartered in Tauranga, the airline flies to Hamilton, Rotorua, Gisborne, Ardmore, Whangarei, Whitianga and Great Barrier Island.
SkyLink Express is a cargo airline headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
The airline went into voluntary liquidation on 19 June 2001 before being sold to Queensland Aviation Holdings, the parent company of Alliance Airlines, in April 2002.
It operated scheduled commuter services and charter flights to over 16 Alaskan communities.
In November 2013 the Company announced a new brand name followed by a new expansion plan focused on providing greater connecting options in the Northern Caribbean.
In 2016, Blue Air carried 3.6 million passengers, a significant increase over the 2 million passengers flown the previous year.
It operates domestic passenger services from the island of Okinawa to other islands of Okinawa Prefecture and the Amami Islands, Kagoshima Prefecture.
Mihin Lanka ceased operations in October 2016 when SriLankan Airlines resumed its schedule on routes formerly operated by Mihin Lanka and took over the additional destinations.
It was established and started operations in 1996 and used to operate an extensive business jet network.
It ranks amongst the top 15 carriers worldwide in terms of revenue passenger kilometers, and is ranked 10th in the world for international passengers carried.
The brand name is an acronym for Romanian: Transporturile Aeriene Române.
The airline celebrated its 60th anniversary in 2006; and as of October 2009, its major shareholders are Swire Pacific and Air China.
Following financial difficulties, Air Zimbabwe ceased operations in late February 2012.
Color Air was a brand extension of Color Line, which shared a common owner in the Olav Nils Sunde-controlled Color Group.
WestAir was sold to Mesa Air Group in 1992.
The company has also representative offices in Brussels, Moscow, Frankfurt, Zurich and sales agents in almost all European countries.
Aero Rent was an airline based in Cheryomushki District, South-Western Administrative Okrug, Moscow, Russia.
The airline operated from 2002 until 2005, when it was merged into Hevilift.
All operations were suspended on 1 February 2012 and on 27 September 2012 it was declared bankrupt.
Its main base is Malabo International Airport.
It also operated flights between Florida and the West Coast, and from the Northeast to the west coast.
British Airways Ltd. bought the aircraft and started the company British Airways Iberia Ltd. with Crilly as managing director.
Flyglobespan was a UK low-cost airline based in Edinburgh, UK.
It was started in 1953 with a single aircraft.
Firefly operates scheduled flights from its two home bases Penang International Airport and Subang International Airport.
Alexandria Airlines is an Egyptian airline headquartered in Cairo.
Air Wisconsin is the largest privately held regional airline in the United States.
HNZ is a New Zealand-based helicopter operator serving the Oil & Gas, EMS & Government markets.
Its headquarters were located on the grounds of Oakland International Airport, Oakland, California.
Flair Airlines is an airline based in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.
As of 27 April 2009, the airline has decided to suspend all its operations [1], because it didn't have airplanes.
This passed George Bush Intercontinental in Houston, which carried 15.5 million with 178,019 departures.
The main sort facility is located at Rickenbacker International Airport in Columbus.
Tahoe Air offered jet flights directly out of South Lake Tahoe via the South Lake Tahoe Airport.
Flair also provides its aircraft to third party operators under aircraft lease charter agreements.
Flights to heliports in the remote settlements are operated on contract with the government of Greenland.
It began operations in 1992, and was sold to Southwest Airlines in December 1993 for over $120 million in stock.
It was founded in 1992, after emerging from Aeroflot.
Bakhtar Afghan Airlines operated 1 Boeing 727 and 2 McDonnell-Douglas DHC-6.
Jet Asia is not to be confused with Hong Kong-based private jet company, "Asia Jet".
SAA owns Mango, a low-cost domestic airline, and has established links with Airlink and South African Express.
Its main base is Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Lagos.
The airline started in 1980 with a route between San Diego and South Lake Tahoe, California, operating Convair 580 aircraft.
The airline was very popular among Arizonans.
It hoped to receive government subsidies to restart the service.
Aero Lloyd Flugreisen GmbH & Co, operating as Aero Lloyd, was a German charter airline based in Oberursel, Germany.
Gandalf Airlines was a regional airline based at Orio al Serio Airport near Milan, Italy, which was operational from 1998 to 2004.
In January 2010, Meridian Airways operated a series of flights from East Midlands Airport to Port-au-Prince in response to the 2010 Haiti earthquake.
It operated services to Scandinavia and Turkey.
Towards the end of operations it was known as Sunworld Airlines.
Transwest's equipment includes a number of bush planes and helicopters, and three Saab 340 regional turboprop airliners.
For a period in 1991, it flew between Lima, Arequipa and Cuzco with a fleet of two leased Fokker 28 aircraft.
It is owned by the Indian business conglomerate Wadia Group.
Contact Air Flugdienst was a German regional airline from Filderstadt.
DHL Air UK, incorporated as DHL Air Ltd., is a cargo airline based in Orbital Park, Hounslow, London Borough of Hounslow.
Direct Aero Services was a charter airline based in Bucharest, Romania.
Airworld Aviation Ltd was the in-house charter airline for the travel agent Thomas Cook Group.
The airlines moved their scheduled flights to Bergen Airport, Hjellestad from 1948 to 1951.
With a fleet of 54 aircraft, LOT Polish Airlines operates a network to 83 destinations in Europe, the Middle East, North America, and Asia.
Spring Airlines Japan Co., Ltd. is a low-cost airline headquartered in Kozunomori, Narita, Japan.
Community Express Airlines is a defunct airline that was based in the United Kingdom.
It was founded in 2002, though flight services only started in 2006.
The airline had its head office in Kaloum, Conakry.
Med Airlines is a cargo airline based in Casablanca, Morocco.
On 30 March 2001 Regional Airlines, Flandre Air, and Proteus Airlines merged into Régional Compagnie Aérienne Européenne.
It operates scheduled services within Quebec and Labrador as well as charter services.
Emu Airways was an airline based in Adelaide in Australia operating tourist flights to nearby Kangaroo Island.
It suffered four write-off accidents, including the fatal Drangedal Accident in 1952.
The expanded company was renamed Alaska Star Airlines.
Austin Airways was a passenger airline and freight carrier based in Timmins, Ontario, and the oldest in Canada.
Air Comet Chile was an airline based in Santiago, Chile, operating domestic passenger services.
In 2014, Air Macau carried 2.12 million passengers with an average load factor of 68.20% and carried 15,900 tonnes of cargo and mail.
MyCargo Airlines, legally incorporated and formerly named ACT Airlines, is a Turkish cargo airline based in the Ekinci Residence Building Level 7, in Kurtköy, Istanbul, Turkey.
It operates services to remote destinations in Venezuela, including tourist attractions.
In 2002 Air Ontario became Air Canada Jazz.
Command/Flagship Airways was operated separately until all AMR subsidiary regional carriers excluding Executive Airlines were merged into AMR Simmons Airlines, in late 1998.
After financial difficulties and a series of ownership changes for the two airlines, Paradise Island Airways closed in May 1999.
Tropic Air, the airline of Belize flies to 18 destinations that include Belize, Mexico, Guatemala & Honduras.
Hemus Air was an airline based in Sofia, Bulgaria.
The airline operates the ATR 72-500 and ATR 72-600 aircraft, and all its aircraft wear the Air New Zealand livery.
It was established in 2000 and ceased operations in 2001.
Nor-Alta Aviation purchased Can-West Corporate Air Charters Ltd., and became Can-West Corporate Air Charters a Nor-Alta Aviation Company in late 2015.
Keewatin Air is an airline that operates from Rankin Inlet, Nunavut, Canada.
A commuter airline flying as Freedom Airlines operated independent passenger service during the 1980s with Convair 580 and Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner turboprops.
Air Bishkek was an airline based in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, with its operational base at Manas International Airport.
By the end of 1970, Caledonian operated an all-jet fleet consisting of eleven aircraft and provided employment for over 1,000 workers.
Aloha Air Cargo is an American cargo airline headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii, operating from a hub at Honolulu International Airport.
It was later taken over by Aeronaves de Mexico when it declared bankruptcy.
Jämtlands Flyg AB is a member of Swedish Association of Aviation Companies, and is purveyor to the Court of Sweden.
MexicanaLink used to compete against Aeromar and Aeroméxico Connect.
The airline was formed after the 2001 bankruptcy of Swissair, Switzerland's former flag carrier.
By November 2003, Gandalf Airlines had cut most of its routes due to financial difficulties.
Mesaba's operating certificate was surrendered on July 31, 2012.
In July 2011, all scheduled flights stopped and the airline operated only on a charter basis.
Air Cortez was a United States FAR 121 and 135 commuter airline that operated from 1977 to 1986.
The airline operated flights between various Spanish domestic destinations.
It was Airkenya's jet operation providing scheduled services.
It was established in February 1996 and is a member of the European Regions Airline Association.
The airline had about a 13-percent domestic market share in Sweden.
Fly Lappeenranta Limited was a regional airline with its head office on the grounds of Lappeenranta Airport in Lappeenranta, Finland.
KAS Air Company was an airline based in Kyrgyzstan.
It operates domestic and regional scheduled services to destinations in the Caribbean, Central America and the USA.
It was founded as Megapode Airlines Ltd. on November 11, 1993 and started operations as Taj Air on August 9, 2002.
On August 21, 2007, it began flying two Embraer 175 76-passenger aircraft, and expanded to 36 aircraft by December 2008.
In 1975 it was headquartered in the Dadeland Towers in what is now Kendall, Florida in unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida.
The airlines fleet consisted of the Shorts 360 and Boeing 737 aircraft for passenger operations, with a Learjet 35 for ambulance and private operations.
AirAsia is the sponsor of Malaysia national football team, Singapore national football team and Queens Park Rangers.
FLN FRISIA-Luftverkehr GmbH Norddeich, usually shortened to FLN, is a small airline from Germany based in Norden, Lower Saxony, which was founded on 14 June 1969.
Neptune Air Sdn Bhd is a cargo airline based in Malaysia.
Royal Air Maroc, more commonly known as RAM, is the Moroccan national carrier, as well as the country's largest airline.
It operated regional scheduled passenger services in the South West of England.
Coast Aero Center A/S was a regional airline based Haugesund Airport, Karmøy in Karmøy, Norway.
Binter Mediterraneo was based in Madrid and operated a fleet that consisted of five CASA CN-235 aircraft.
It operates passenger and cargo charters, mainly in support of the oil and gas industry.
The majority of Asiana's pilots, ground staff, and flight attendants are based in Seoul.
Marquette Airlines was an airline that operated regional flights in the midwestern United States.
It was voted Asia's best airline by Business Traveler readers in 2012.
It was the only air company in the Republic of Karelia.
In addition, during the summer months, Vision Airlines transported white water rafters to various destinations along the Colorado River.
It was the first private airline in Guatemala.
Air Bagan Limited, operating as Air Bagan, is an airline headquartered in Bahan Township, Yangon, Myanmar.
Tasair was an airline based in Hobart and Devonport, Australia.
Its main base was Domodedovo International Airport.
It has been in operation since 1997 and operates air taxi, cargo and charter services.
Grand Canyon Scenic Airlines is an American regional airline based in Paradise, Nevada, United States.
Its head office is on the property of Nauru International Airport, Yaren District, and its operations office is in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Centurion Air Cargo, commonly known by its old name Cielos del Peru, is a cargo airline based in Callao, Lima, Peru.
Airnorth is a member of the Regional Aviation Association of Australia
The airline was de jure registered as a Turkish company in Istanbul.
In 2016, Ryanair was the largest European airline by scheduled passengers flown, and carried more international passengers than any other airline.
Emirates SkyCargo is a cargo airline based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
It operates scheduled services to more than 80 destinations in Mexico; North, South, and Central America; the Caribbean, Europe, and Asia.
Wright Air Service is an American airline based in Fairbanks, Alaska, United States.
However, two days before Dec 12, airline canceled all flights until Dec 24 leaving paid passenger no alternative.
A major customer was Scandinavian Airlines System, for whom Fred.
PAL Express gained a significant increase in passengers following its launch as a low-cost carrier.
Air Columbus was a charter airline based in Portugal, which was operational between 1989 and 1994.
2553–4330 Quebec Inc stopped paying its workers at 5 pm of August 2, closed operations on August 4 and dissolved the next day.
It operates long-haul flights from its home base at Faa'a International Airport.
It also overhauled, leased and sold aircraft, engines and aviation equipment.
Nurman Avia was an airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
One of the five remaining legacy carriers, Delta is the sixth-oldest operating airline by foundation date, and the oldest airline still operating in the United States.
Yeongnam Air ceased all flights in December 2008 and formally closed in 2009.
VLM Airlines was a Belgian airline offering scheduled, charter and ACMI services.
Flights in Micronesia are operated as United Express flights through a code share partnership with United Airlines.
Golden Bay Air Limited is a small airline based in Takaka, New Zealand.
The airline is owned by China Southern Airlines, Xiamen Construction and Development Group, and Fujian Investment & Development Group.
Aviación y Comercio, S.A., doing business as Aviaco, was a Spanish airline headquartered in the Edificio Minister in Madrid.
CAT also has flight training leading to a private and commercial pilots license for single and dual engine aircraft, PPL(A), and helicopter PPL(H).
Its main base is Zmeevo Airport which the company founded themselves.
Kish Airlines is an airline operating from Kish Island, Iran.
Citilink is a low-cost airline headquartered in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Buraq Air is an airline with its headquarters on the grounds of Mitiga International Airport in Tripoli, Libya.
SGA were in talks to be acquired by Thai Air Asia but this fell through and the airline is no longer operating.
It is the third-largest air carrier in Colombia.
It operates domestic services and international services in the Caribbean.
West Air Sweden, operating as West Atlantic, is a cargo airline based in Gothenburg, Sweden.
The airline won the public service obligations from Bodø to Røst and to Narvik Airport, Framnes in 2003.
Originally a subsidiary of the Chrysler Corporation, the company was sold in 2001 to Ford family member Edsel B. Ford II.
Lionair was a Luxembourg-based passenger airline that operated from 1988 to 1990 as a joint venture of Cargolux and Luxair.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Regional Express Holdings, which also owns Australian airlines Regional Express Airlines and Air Link.
Due to an escalating debt from poor market conditions, the government of Curaçao stepped in on May 31, 2011, to keep the airline in the air.
It operated charter services to sun and ski destinations throughout Europe.
The fleet is composed exclusively of Boeing 767 airliners.
The United States Army Aviation Branch is the administrative organization within the United States Army responsible for doctrine, manning and configuration for all aviation units.
Licensed for both cargo and passenger services in 2007, the airline concentrates on scheduled cargo services.
This made BUA the largest unsubsidised airline outside the United States.
Instead, flights were operated by Mesa Airlines and Mokulele Airlines for Go!
It officially adopted the name Manchuria Aviation Company on the proclamation of the independence of Manchukuo.
The airline is registered as a public stock holding company and has numerous domestic public investors.
It has hubs at El Dorado International Airport, Bogotá; Miami International Airport; and Jorge Chávez International Airport, Lima.
It operated general charter services to sports teams, vacation wholesalers and government agencies.
Shaheen Air, which provides passenger, cargo and charter services, serves the major cities of Pakistan and the Persian Gulf.
All flights operated by Continental Connection carriers were given full OnePass frequent flyer credit, as if they were mainline Continental flights.
Its main base was Cincinnati Northern Kentucky International Airport in Hebron, Kentucky, with hubs at Miami International Airport and Los Angeles International Airport.
Volar Airlines was an airline based in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.
The company had a fleet of de Havilland Canada Twin Otter aircraft, later replaced with Jetstream 31s and ATR 42s.
However, the airline ceased operations again in November 2010.
Sharp Airlines is a regional airline headquartered in Hamilton, Victoria, Australia and operating in the southern states of Australia.
The merger of TAM with LAN Airlines was completed on June 22, 2012.
Kullaflyg was an airline based in Ängelholm/Helsingborg, Sweden.
Florida West International Airways, a subsidiary of Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, was a cargo airline based at Miami International Airport.
The airline used DC-3 aircraft from its beginnings, to nearby Caribbean islands, and to Rafael Hernández Airport in Aguadilla.
Its main base was Brest Bretagne Airport.
Agroar Carga Aérea was a cargo airline based in Portugal.
It flies exclusively for Scandinavian Airlines on a wet lease contract.
27 of Hangar Zone C on the grounds of Mexico City International Airport in Mexico City, Mexico.
It was established in July 2002, commencing operations in October the same year.
Its main base is Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport.
Caribbean Helicopters Limited was founded in 1995.
Air Poland ceased all operations and filed for bankruptcy in April 2012.
It was established in June 2003 and started operations on 25 November 2003.
Riau Airlines was an airline based in Pekanbaru in the Indonesian province of Riau, Sumatra.
Air Link Pty Ltd is an airline based in Dubbo, New South Wales, Australia.
The airline's home base is Marsh Harbour, in Abaco.
The airline ceased trading in November 2012.
LANSA ceased operation, and lost its operating authority on January 4, 1972 when its working capital was exhausted.
By 1957, Transair became part of the Airwork group.
Not to be confused with Pak Airways or Pakistan International Airlines.
Singapore Airlines was the launch customer for the Airbus A380, the world's largest passenger aircraft.
Its fleet consists of two Airbus A319-113s formerly owned by the Italian low-cost airline Wind Jet.
The airline bought 2 Sud Aviation Caravelle, but never received permission to operate.
Orca operates a fleet of 16 Piper PA-31-350 Chieftains, 3 Fairchild SA227s and a Beechcraft Model 100 King Air.
It was established and started operations in 1977 and operates regional and international air taxi services.
Spring Airlines is the aviation subsidiary of Shanghai Spring International Travel Service.
Turku Air had several Piper PA-31-350 airplanes and operated scheduled flights between Turku, Mariehamn and Tallinn as well as chartered cargo and air taxi services.
The airline president, Alfiya Galiaskarova, planned to establish Anikay Air as a major operator from Kyrgyzstan to CIS and the Middle East.
Its main base is Marshall Islands International Airport, Majuro.
Freelandia was a low-cost airline travel charter company owned by founder Kenneth Moss that operated in 1973 and the beginning of 1974.
Its main bases were Atatürk International Airport, Istanbul and Antalya Airport.
Ownership was transferred to Eastern Airways in September 2010 but operations ceased 12 months later.
As of November 2013, Cape Air received $32,241,274 in annual federal subsidies for Essential Air Services that they provided to rural airports in the U.S.
In January 2005, the FS Air Service fleet consisted of one CASA C-212-200 Aviocar.
When British & Commonwealth, the BUA group's majority shareholder, decided to sell BUA to Caledonian Airways in November 1970, BUIA was not part of this deal.
Purpose built patient transfer facilities are being constructed as part of the 2010 terminal upgrade.
The Buhl Airsedan had previously been lost in an accident with no fatalities.
It also operate passenger services and VIP transport.
Established in 1999, Lion Air has seen tremendous growth in the past several years, having acquired over 100 aircraft with nearly 500 more on order.
It operates a single scheduled service serving Launceston in Tasmania and Cape Barren Island.
Eznis Airways LLC was a scheduled and charter airline based in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia.
Ryanair operates 397 Boeing 737-800 aircraft, with a single 737-700 used primarily as a charter aircraft, but also as a backup plane and for pilot training.
QantasLink is a regional brand of Australian airline Qantas and is an affiliate member of the Oneworld airline alliance.
AirAsia's registered office is in Petaling Jaya, Selangor while its head office is at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
British Marine Air Navigation Co Ltd was a short-lived British airline operating flying boats across the English Channel in 1923 and 1924.
Avient Limited was placed into administration on 5 April 2013, with flight operations taken over by AV Cargo Airlines Limited.
Its headquarters are located in MAS/MASwings Administration Building, Kota Kinabalu International Airport, Sabah.
Its main base is Sal Airport, with smaller ones at Praia International Airport and São Pedro Airport.
In June 1994, Hong Kong's largest carrier, Cathay Pacific acquired 75% holdings of the airline; and acquired the remaining 25% in February 2002.
The airline discontinued flights to Europe in early 1978 and finally ceased all local services on 31 August 1979, when it was replaced by Air Lanka.
Comores Aviation International is the flag carrier of the Comoros.
Many designs have been put forward for linear motors, falling into two major categories, low-acceleration and high-acceleration linear motors.
It started scheduled passenger operations on November 24, 2013, with two 93-seat Avro RJ85 aircraft.
Despite the airline is based at Pavlodar Airport, it operates a domestic network within that country from its hub in Almaty International Airport.
Mikisew is the Cree word for eagle.
Go Jet Airlines has crew bases at Lambert-Saint Louis International Airport, O'Hare International Airport, Denver International Airport, and Raleigh-Durham International Airport.
It took over the RAS previously operated by FlyAsianXpress.
TANS Perú, an acronym for Transportes Aéreos Nacionales de Selva, was a Peruvian airline based in Lima.
Although the airline is the largest airline in Greece, it is not a flag carrier.
Cyprus Airways had its operating base at Larnaca International Airport and traded as Cyprus Airways Ltd.
Jetstar Pacific Airlines Joint Stock Aviation Company is a low-cost airline headquartered in Tan Binh District, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Whilst using bellyhold capacity in the Emirates' passenger fleet, it also operates freighter aircraft.
The airline has operated under Finnair's flight code since 1 May 2015.
Noble Air was a Turkish airline that flew charter and some scheduled flights.
Destination Air Shuttle was an airline based in Phuket, Thailand.
On 1 April 2015, all flights transferred back to Austrian, and Tyrolean Airways was merged into its parent.
AirAsia X flies to destinations within Asia and Australia.
Leisure Air was an American airline based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
It operated tourist charter flights from Europe and Israel to holiday destinations in Croatia.
Thai Airways International Public Company Limited, trading as THAI) is the flag carrier airline of Thailand.
Avior Airlines is an airline based in Barcelona, Anzoátegui, Venezuela.
Air Midwest was an upcoming privately owned airline project from Lagos, Nigeria, which was to be based at Murtala Mohammed International Airport.
Archana Airways was a regional airline based in New Delhi, India.
Manas Air was an airline based in Bishkek in Kyrgyzstan.
The airline was not officially dissolved, though, and a relaunch may be possible, according to Aladia officials, its license still remains valid.
It is a pilot project that was launched on 30 December 2010 by the then Indian Civil Aviation Minister, Praful Patel, at Juhu Aerodrome in Mumbai.
It operates domestic services as well as international charter flights to Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay for several large corporations and government agencies.
Its main base was Innsbruck Airport, with hub at Malpensa Airport, Milan.
Also during this time, several 737's were leased to Garuda Indonesia to make Asian flights.
The airline also has an agreement on selected routes flown by Air Philippines.
Because of the administration, Flyglobespan cancelled all of its scheduled flights.
Nowadays it mainly serves leisure and some domestic destinations.
In 1975 the airline established an overseas base at Tegel Airport in what used to be West Berlin prior to German reunification.
Transportes Aéreos Bolivianos is an airline, which operates civil cargo flights between Bolivia and the United States.
International service to Vancouver, British Columbia in western Canada was also served at one point and limited service was operated to the midwestern U.S. as well.
Its business idea was to provide air services to rural areas in Sarawak, as an alternative to river transportation at that time.
Combined with its subsidiaries, the group has 656 aircraft, as of February 2016, making it one of the largest passenger airline fleets in the world.
The Cuban airline is Cubana de Aviación.
Scottish Airlines Limited was formed in 1946 as a subsidiary of Scottish Aviation Limited.
In 2003, the airline filed for bankruptcy protection and in the following year emerged and reorganized under the holding company ACE Aviation Holdings Inc.
Following the deregulation of aviation in Norway in 1994, Coast Air started several regional routes, replacing its fleet with Jetstream 31 aircraft.
It operates sightseeing flights from Boulder City Airport in Boulder City, Nevada.
It operated scheduled services as a British Airways franchise to 17 destinations in 16 countries throughout Africa, the Middle East, and Central Asia from London Heathrow.
Vietnam Air Services Company is an airline in Vietnam headquartered in Tân Bình, Ho Chi Minh City.
They also have offices in West Sussex, U.K., Mumbai, India, and Tripoli, Libya.
The airline was eventually acquired by and merged into the original Frontier Airlines which continued and expanded its service network.
It merged with Necon Air in 2001.
Since spring 2015, Eurowings has been redeveloped into a low-cost carrier for short- and long-haul flights.
Khalifa Airways was a passenger and cargo airline based in Algiers, Algeria which was founded in June 1999 by Rafik Khalifa and ceased flying in 2003.
VietJet Air is owned by Sovico Holdings, HDBank, other organisational investors and individual stakeholders.
The airline started a service from Ålesund Airport, Vigra to Trondheim in March 2013, but pulled out in September.
Spirit Airlines, Inc. is an American Ultra Low Cost Carrier, headquartered in Miramar, Florida.
In 2002, the airline merged with Japan Air System, Japan's third-largest airline and became the sixth largest airline in the world by passengers carried.
AOM French Airlines was the second largest airline in France from 1990 until 2001.
Over the years KLM, Euralair, Lufthansa and the SAir Group, who sold their stake in 2001, all had ownership stakes in Air Littoral.
Grenadine Airways is an airline based in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
Al-Naser Airlines is a charter airline based in Karrada, Baghdad, Iraq.
Air-Van Airlines was an airline based in Armenia.
It is the second largest airline in the country behind rival LATAM Airlines.
It provides its own maintenance and handling services and manages four regional airports.
It operated an extensive network in the Northern and Central-West regions of Brazil.
Airlines that lease Aviajet's aircraft include MAP Jet and Spanair.
Galaxie Corporation is a private cargo airline in the Democratic Republic of Congo, operating as Kavatshi Airlines.
It has 28 bases across Europe, the largest being Gatwick.
OKI Air International is an airline based in Podgorica, Montenegro.
It is Canada's third largest airline in terms of fleet size.
Its main base is Yuzhny Airport, Tashkent.
The King Air also comes equipped with facilities to convert the aircraft into Aeromedical Evacuation configuration.
Its main base is Naples Municipal Airport.
The airline's main hub was located at Warsaw Chopin Airport.
Ryan Airline Company was an airline founded by T. Claude Ryan and Benjamin Franklin "Frank" Mahoney at San Diego, California on April 19, 1925.
It operates scheduled passenger services to Vienna and Prague.
ASL Airlines Spain formerly PAN Air Líneas Aéreas S.A. is a cargo airline based at Madrid–Barajas International Airport, Spain.
Its main base is Zaporizhia International Airport, Zaporizhia, with hubs at Kiev-Zhulyany Airport, Kiev, Kharkiv Osnova International Airport and Sumy Airport.
Hellas Jet was a charter airline based in Athens, Greece, operating services to Greece from destinations in Europe.
It provides scheduled service to several islands, as well as Air Charter service to the Bahamas and south Florida.
Air Inuit is an airline based in the Montreal borough of Saint-Laurent, Quebec, Canada.
It reported a net profit of 470 million yuan in 2010.
At the end of its existence the airline operated an all-turboprop fleet of Saab 340 and Fairchild Metro 23 aircraft.
It operated scheduled international passenger services and provided technical aircraft maintenance.
Its corporate headquarters are at Sydney Kingsford Smith Airport in the Sydney suburb of Mascot.
Necon Air indefinitely suspended flights in 2003 due to financial difficiculty.
Kan Air operates charter and scheduled services in Thailand.
On August 15, 2012, Ryan announced it would be furloughing approximately 30 pilots and 60 flight attendants throughout the coming weeks.
The name of the airline was changed to Endeavor Air on August 1, 2013.
In 2010, Cathay Pacific, together with Dragonair, carried nearly 27 million passengers and over 1.8 million tons of cargo and mail.
Its main base is Arturo Michelena International Airport, Valencia, with a hub at Simón Bolívar International Airport, Caracas.
Most of the destinations originate from its hub, Warsaw Chopin Airport.
All the hangars and the entrance was demolished April 2016.
Summit Air is an airline based in Kathmandu, Nepal.
Los Angeles Airways was a helicopter airline based in Westchester, Los Angeles, California.
Caricom Airways still has plans for regular flights to regional destinations.
Sunshine Express ceased all scheduled operations at the end of September 2006 and has decided to concentrate on charter operations.
Air Afrique was a Pan-African airline, that was mainly owned by many West African countries for most of its history.
Aeroput was among the first civilian aircraft carriers, being the 10th airline company founded in Europe and the 21st in the world.
Its main bases are Miami International Airport and São Paulo-Guarulhos International Airport.
The company operated the 767 on a damp lease basis from Icelandair until their own Air Operator's Certificate was granted from the UK Civil Aviation Authority.
Aspen Airways was an airline carrier and regional affiliate of United Express and based in Hangar 5 in Stapleton International Airport in Denver, Colorado.
Its main base is Amakusa Airfield, with a focus city in Kumamoto Airport.
Airblue operates scheduled flights linking Pakistani domestic destinations with international destinations in Oman, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
Volga-Dnepr Airlines, LLC is an airline based in Ulyanovsk, Russia.
Hebridean Air Services is a small airline based in northern Scotland.
Czech Airlines have three main shareholders, Korean Air, Travel Service and a Czech state company Prisko.
Guinea Equatorial Airlines is an airline based in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea.
The airline's "home" airport was Orange County Airport, now known as John Wayne Airport.
Yeti Airways was a low cost airline based in Kathmandu, Nepal.
It operated a network of services from Anchorage as part of Alaska Airlines Partnerships.
Champion Air was an airline based in Bloomington, Minnesota, USA.
The acquisition was completed in October 2010, at which time the holding company was renamed United Continental Holdings.
The airline suspended operations in February 2010.
Air Sénégal International was an airline with its head office in Dakar, Senegal.
Indonesia AirAsia is a low-cost airline based in Tangerang, Indonesia.
After a second bankruptcy in 1995, it ceased operations in October and was later liquidated.
As of 2011, Trans States Airlines employed 650 people throughout North America.
The airline is on the list of air carriers banned in the European Union, as are all airlines regulated by the authorities in the DRC.
It is headquartered in Buzin near Zagreb and operates domestic and international services mainly to European destinations.
It operates scheduled passenger services from Winnipeg to 23 destinations, freight and MEDEVAC services.
All formerly operated aircraft were merged into the MCA fleet, too.
Eurodirect flew five British Aerospace ATP aircraft under the IATA designation 9R.
Its headquarters were at Canberra International Airport.
Passengers boarded, in thousands, scheduled flights only: 30 in 1957, 39 in 1960, 396 in 1967, and 62 in 1970.
Meanwhile, they won charter contracts from companies such as Apple Vacations.
LATAM Express, previously known as LAN Express is a subsidiary of LATAM Chile.
Southwest Airlines Co. is a major U.S. airline, the world's largest low-cost carrier, headquartered in Dallas, Texas.
There was a surplus of airplanes, and not enough business to support them all, which prompted the 1934 merger of McGee Airways with Star Air Service.
This move was opposed by Philippine Airlines, the national flag-carrier.
Until 1978 Bonanza operated the only scheduled nonstop flights between Las Vegas and Reno.
The airline offers and operates daily scheduled services to 11 domestic and international destinations.
One of their aircraft was damaged beyond repair after it crashed in 2009.
It uses the Piper Navajo for this purpose.
RayaJet is an airline based in Amman, Jordan which was launched in April 2005 and specializes in private jet charters.
It used ATR 42 and Beechcraft 1900 aircraft.
Depending on the route and destination, other food and drink options may be available for purchase on-board, in addition to a selection of pre-booked meals.
The merged entity eventually became the UK's foremost independent, international scheduled airline.
It suspended its operations when the Uganda Civil Aviation Authority revoked the airline's air operator's certificate.
The Detroit and Minneapolis operations were retained as Delta hubs.
CJSC "Aeroflot-Cargo" was a fully owned subsidiary of Aeroflot, founded on 26 October 2005 and incorporated on 19 April 2006.
Originally the airline was to be called Breeze but the company had difficulties in securing the name for operation.
GuardAir won a government contract to fly to Røst and Fagernes from 2000.
The airline operates its largest hub at Seattle–Tacoma International Airport.
All scheduled air transport is commercial, but general aviation can be either commercial or private.
The airline is 100% owned by Globalia, a travel and tourism company managed by Juan José Hidalgo.
It operated domestic and international scheduled services.
In 1948 it was sold to Real Transportes Aéreos.
It operates charter and air taxi services in Ukraine, Europe and Asia, focusing on the VIP sector.
This airline offers charter flights and other services through the Dominican Republic, the Caribbean, South America, and North America.
On 9 April 1965, a BUA BAC One-Eleven became the type's first example to enter commercial service.
Because of the usage of the Lufthansa branding the East German company was under constant legal pressure, and was subsequently liquidated and replaced by Interflug.
The airline is based at Windhoek Eros Airport.
Olympic Aviation was a subsidiary of Olympic Airways, the Greek national flag carrier.
The Kerala Government was keen on restarting regular operations of the project in 2014.
Dynamic is headquartered in Greensboro, North Carolina and offers service from New York to South America.
In April 2015, the second incarnation of Gabon Airlines is due to redeveloped as a flag carrier, replacing the original Air Gabon.
ABA was the first airline with three-engine passenger aircraft when in 1925, ABA bought three Swedish Junkers G.24 from AB Flygindustri.
Swiftair S.A. is an airline headquartered in Madrid, Spain.
The airline holding company which controlled Metro Airlines and Metroflight purchased Brockway Air in the summer of 1989 and changed Brockway's name to Metro Air Northeast.
It operates passenger charter and cargo services within Canada and to the USA.
Ocean Airlines S.p.A. was a cargo airline based in Brescia, Italy.
Porter's operation at the Toronto airport was launched in 2006 with some controversy.
Golden West Airlines was a commuter airline that operated flights on a high volume schedule in California.
Its main base is Abu Dhabi International Airport.
The company was founded in 1958 after the dissolution of West African Airways Corporation.
WIKING Helikopter Service also is a Sikorsky Aircraft Customer Support Center and provides maintenance services on Sikorsky S-76 helicopters in Europe.
Danish Air Transport A/S, often abbreviated DAT, is a Danish airline headquartered in Vamdrup, Kolding Municipality, operating scheduled and chartered passenger and cargo flights.
It operated charter services to the Mediterranean, Egypt, Tunisia and the Canary Islands for a number of holiday companies.
VietJet Aviation Joint Stock Company, trading as VietJet Air or Vietjet, is an international low-cost airline from Vietnam.
It served large city destinations, such as Pekanbaru, Medan, Semarang, Palembang, Batam and Bandung.
Its main base is Viracopos International Airport, São Paulo.
This was a time when SAS did not service Bergen well except Oslo and Copenhagen further adding to Flesland's Decline as an important airport.
Following several identity and ownership changes, it went out of business in 2001.
Wizz Air, legally incorporated as Wizz Air Hungary Ltd., is a Hungarian low-cost airline with its head office in Budapest.
It also had links in Hong Kong since its inception and flew to the Far East regularly.
It also provided executive jet services under the name Executive Airline Services.
Despite the setbacks, VietJet Air's first flight was operated on 25 December 2011, flying from Ho Chi Minh City to Hanoi.
Travel Service Slovakia is a sister airline of Travel Service from the Czech Republic.
Angel Airlines, trading as Angel Air, was an airline based in Bangkok, Thailand, which was operational between 1998 and 2003.
Established in 2000, it operates on behalf of its owner, the Irkut Corporation aircraft repair factory out of Irkutsk International Airport.
It also provides maintenance and aircraft manufacturing services.
Quebecair was headquartered in Saint-Laurent, Quebec, now a part of Montreal.
It was based at Nouakchott International Airport, from where it operated domestic services, as well as flights to African destinations and Paris.
Its main base was Polonia International Airport, Medan.
Wings of Bornholm was a Danish airline operating from the island of Bornholm, Denmark.
No mortgage, car payments, worries or cares mostly.
On April 7, 1946, Arizona Airways began intrastate airline service on three routes within Arizona: Phoenix-Prescott-Kingman, Phoenix-Prescott-Flagstaff, and Phoenix-Casa Grande/Coolidge-Tucson-Nogales.
They used the "point-to-point" approach to air travel rather than the "hub and spoke" wherein all transatlantic flights went to Brussels Airport.
Globe Jet SAL was an aviation company based in Beirut, Lebanon, offering wet leasing and charter services to airlines and other companies.
The company's certificate was cancelled in July 2011.
Aero Tropical, also known as Air Tropical, was an airline based in Angola.
Jagson Airlines is an air charter company based in Delhi, India.
However, in March 2013, the company's CEO announced that the name would be reverted to PAL Express.
Founded in 1981, initial routes connected the islands of Kauai, O'ahu, Maui and Hawaii.
The airline had planes for a large start-up with a route system covering the southwest United States.
At one point Midwest Aviation offered flights between Minneapolis and St. Paul.
Trans-Colorado Airlines was a United States airline based in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
It operates contract and ad hoc cargo flights worldwide, especially within Europe as part of the West Atlantic Group.
The airline initially launched using the ICAO code NOA, but later reportedly bought the OAL code used by Olympic Airlines.
Surf Air is also exploring service into new destinations around California and other states.
DHL de Guatemala S.A. is a cargo airline based in Guatemala City, Guatemala.
Pearl Aviation is the most prominent of a group of aviation companies owned by Paspaley Pearling.
Its scheduled passenger operations began in 1975 with flights between Orange NSW and Canberra ACT.
The airline was founded in 2008 and ended operations in May 2012.
The airline operated its first flight in May 2005.
The Clinton Aero fleet had included the Beechcraft 1900 19-seat regional airliner and additional orders for the B1900 turboprop were made by the new Brockway Air.
It served destinations mainly in the southeast region of Brazil from its bases at Congonhas and Guarulhos airports in São Paulo.
Nex Aviation was a charter airline, based in Galway, Ireland, which began operations on 1 July 2007, using two former Flightline BAe 146-200.
Its main hub was Barcelona El Prat Airport, with focus cities at Madrid-Barajas Airport and Palma de Mallorca Airport.
The flight school was located in a bed and breakfast style accommodation facility at Trenčín Airport.
It conducts flight operations using Bombardier Dash 8, and Embraer ERJ 145 aircraft.
Yangon Airways Ltd. is an airline based in Yangon, Myanmar, offering scheduled and chartered domestic flights out of its bases at Yangon International Airport.
Schreiner Airways was a charter, passenger and cargo airline based in the Netherlands.
As TACA, it was the flag carrier of El Salvador.
It operates a fleet of business and commercial jets available for charter and private use.
That company was founded by a few aviation professionals that acquired North Air, an aviation company based in Akureyri.
Its main headquarters was Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
It was founded in October 2004 as part of Pink International Company owned by Željko Mitrović.
While Hapag-Lloyd Flug operated all TUIfly flights, Hapag-Lloyd Express marketed them until TUIfly got its own licence.
Its main base is Halim Perdanakusuma Airport, Jakarta.
It had been granted a waiver to begin ticket sales on April 24, 2007; Skybus' first passenger flights out of Columbus began on May 22, 2007.
Air was a Thai charter airline based at Suvarnabhumi Airport.
Era Aviation was an airline based in Anchorage, Alaska, USA.
Its US offices were in Miami Springs, Florida.
In a continuing effort to grow, they sought FAR part 121 certification, allowing them to carry more than nine passengers on a flight.
Benin Golf Air is on the list of air carriers banned from operating within the European Union.
In May 1968, Channel Airways became the first independent airline in the UK to operate the Hawker Siddeley Trident.
Hamburg Airways was a small German charter airline which operated between 2010 and 2014.
Musa Zwane has been acting CEO since November 2015.
Air Gaspé was a Canadian airline headquartered in Sept-Îles, Quebec.
The company operated two BAC One-Eleven 500s since 1999, but the airline became defunct after April 30, 2007, after failing Nigerian airline safety standards.
In 1997, Rossair Contracts Private Ltd acquired the assets of Lesotho Airways as it was financially insolvent.
In May 2012 Skyways and City Airline filed for bankruptcy.
Jat Airways and their predecessors were one of the oldest airlines still in operation.
It was established in 1978 and provides air transport, using aircraft and helicopters, mainly for major oil companies.
The carrier was headquartered at the Airways House in Ikeja, Nigeria, and operated from its hub in Lagos Airport.
Its main base was Conakry International Airport.
A planned bridge to the airport was cancelled in 2003, leading to lawsuits between Deluce and the City of Toronto.
It was the worldwide sales agent for Antonov Airlines of Kiev, Ukraine.
Avianova, LLC was a low cost airline based in Moscow, Russia.
Its main bases are Chambéry Airport and Lyon-Bron Airport, Lyon.
The airline then flew flights from Sandefjord to Ålesund, Kristiansund and an international route to Gothenburg.
The airline was shut down in 2009.
Air Chathams Limited is an airline based in Te One, the Chatham Islands, New Zealand.
Its main bases were Prince Albert and Saskatoon, with destinations throughout northern Saskatchewan and Nunavut.
Lao Central Airlines Public Company, operating as Lao Central Airlines, was an airline in Laos with its head office in Wattayyaithong Village, Sikhottabong District, Vientiane.
The airline began to transition its fleet to Boeing 787 aircraft from 2015.
In 1997, Western Pacific Airlines moved its hub from Colorado Springs to Denver International Airport.
Its main base of operations and hub was Jinnah International Airport, Karachi.
MIBA Aviation was a cargo airline based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
SmartWings is a low-cost brand or a virtual airline of the Czech airline Travel Service.
Cargo activities are undertaken by Emirates SkyCargo.
It also operated scheduled passenger service flying as Transamerica Airlines as well as charter flights during its last decade.
Its main base is Ninoy Aquino International Airport, Manila.
It operates domestic and international scheduled flights to over 120 destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Europe and North America.
EAS Europe Airlines was a French airline that operated from 1965 until 1995.
ANA is also the largest shareholder in Peach, a low-cost carrier joint venture with Hong Kong company First Eastern Investment Group.
Its IATA code was later assigned to China Southern Airlines which was formed two years after Cascade's shutdown.
British Aviation Services' first investment in a British independent airline occurred in 1946, when it acquired a minority interest in Silver City Airways.
Regional flights for Northwest were operated under the name Northwest Airlink by Mesaba Airlines, Pinnacle Airlines, and Compass Airlines.
This error is due to confusion between different pluralization rules in English and Persian.
The photos showed up in newspapers across Canada as an example of Canada's biggest and smallest airlines," commented John.
Kunming Airlines is an airline based in Kunming, Yunnan, China established in 2005.
Nakina Air Service offers daily scheduled flights to 4 remote communities, as well as to and from Thunder Bay.
1981 saw the introduction of the first jet aircraft to ACES' fleet with the very popular Boeing 727-100 which allowed for longer routes and shorter flight-time.
Company is rapidly growing, and in 2016 its turnover increased by 18%, reaching 108.4 million EUR.
13% of all takeoff and landing slots and operated over 2,000 flights a week.
Alisea Airlines was a charter airline based in Italy, which was established in 1999 as Italfly.
The airline appears to have become dormant in 2015: its website is blank and its Facebook page is no longer updated.
Its main bases were Flamingo International Airport, Bonaire, with focus cities in Queen Beatrix International Airport, Aruba and Hato Airport, Curaçao.
Air Atlas Express was a charter airline based in Morocco.
All the aircraft are configured with business interiors.
Qatar Airways Company Q.C.S.C., operating as Qatar Airways, is the state-owned flag carrier of Qatar.
Air Fecteau, Arthur Fecteau received his airplane licence, after his brother Joseph.
Salt Air is a New Zealand charter airline based in Paihia in the Bay of Islands, in the Northland Region of the North Island.
Navegacion y Servicios Aéreos Canarios, better known by its initialism NAYSA, is a regional airline based in Las Palmas, Gran Canaria, Spain.
On December 19, 2008, Copterline confirmed that it had ceased its scheduled service between Helsinki and Tallinn.
The airline operates two Beechcraft B200 King Air aircraft and one Cessna Citation CJ2.
Travira Air is listed in category 1 by Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority for airline safety quality.
It opened a twice-weekly services out of Ålesund Airport, Vigra to Nice from 13 June.
ZanAir was founded in 1992 in Zanzibar and is one of the most experienced airlines in Tanzania.
The airline filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation on January 29, 1991.
Services commenced on 18 December 2009, with scheduled flights out of Tirana International Airport and Pristina International Airport to Athens International Airport.
Red Sea Air had a fleet of BAC 1-11s
Brendan Airways, LLC, doing business as USA3000 Airlines, was a U.S. airline, headquartered in Newtown Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
In addition to its core activity of passenger transportation, Etihad also operates Etihad Holidays and Etihad Cargo.
Saudi Arabian Airlines is a major long term client of Phuket Air.
With the assistance of former Transaer managers HC Airlines leased its sole aircraft an A300B4-203 and recruitment began for cabin crew.
TransMeridian Airlines was an Atlanta, Georgia based charter airline, operating under U.S. Department of Transportation Federal Aviation Regulations Part 121.
The company slogan was "Sunny Airways Always Smile".
Golden Pacific Airlines began service in 1969 in San Francisco, California and continued until 1973.
It was a subsidiary of the SAS Group and flew to around 28 destinations in Europe, mainly from its base at Helsinki Airport.
Its head office is located at Seychelles International Airport on the island of Mahé and it operates inter-island and international flights and charter flights.
China Yunnan Airlines operated mostly domestic flights from Kunming to major Chinese cities and also provided international services to Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand and Laos.
On 28 October 2010, it was announced that 98% of the shares in the previous airline AIRES had been acquired by Chilean carrier LATAM Airlines.
It began operations in late April 2011.
Simargl Air provides charter passenger VIP, sightseeing and crop-spraying flights in the Caucasus region of Russia.
It is an all-cargo subsidiary of Air China and operates scheduled freighter services to 20 cities in 10 countries around the world.
The other reason for the blue color of glaciers is the lack of air bubbles.
JALways was founded as Japan Air Charter on October 5, 1990 and began charter operations with a McDonnell Douglas DC-10 on February 22, 1991.
Its main base was Domodedovo International Airport, Moscow.
It is a world leader in the global market for the movement of oversize, unique and heavy air cargo.
IAG subsequently assumed control of Aer Lingus on 2 September 2015.
Its base is Ketchikan Harbor Seaplane Base, which shares the same harbor and airspace as Ketchikan International Airport.
It operates domestic scheduled passenger and charter services.
In 2016, Pacific Southwest Engineering Pty Ltd began dialogue with Avalon Airport to establish a CASR Part 145 Approved Aircraft Maintenance Organization on site.
Transaero filed for bankruptcy on 1 October 2015, and announced that it would cease all operations by 15 December 2015.
It operates cargo services within Indonesia and across Asia on a scheduled, contract and charter basis.
It was founded in March 1966 in Bilbao and began operations in 1967.
Braathens merged with SAS Norway on 1 May 2004.
It provides domestic and international private charter flights, avionics, maintenance services, in-flight catering and FBO services.
Mauritania Airlines International is an airline based in Nouakchott, Mauritania, serving as flag carrier of the country.
The airline, also called Satqar Air, began operations in 2004.
Facing financial difficulties, Aeral ceased all activity on August 31, 1980.
It ceased operation on 6 October 2010, after being liquidated by the Tribunal de Commerce de Pontoise.
It had a fleet of two Boeing 707-120s and four BAC 1-11-500s.
These were purchased for $7.5 million by Southwest while ATA was operating under bankruptcy protection.
Its head office is in Bottmingen, Basel-Landschaft.
It suspended operations on 24 April 2017 and plans to resume them sometime in 2018.
It has a fleet of Airbus A300-600F General Freighters, which the airline was the launch customer of this new variant.
On 29 March 2013, ANA was named a 5-Star Airline by Skytrax.
It operates freight services under contract to FedEx Express and UPS Airlines.
The group has a fleet of 279 aircraft.
TUI fly Belgium, legally incorporated as TUI Airlines Belgium NV and formerly branded Jetairfly, is a Belgian airline with its registered office at Brussels Airport.
Before the acquisition from SkyWest it was an independent airline, and previously, a subsidiary of Continental Airlines.
After acquiring Florida Express, Braniff then moved their corporate headquarters from Dallas, Texas to Orlando.
Sud Airlines was a charter airline based in Marseille, France.
In 2015, Etihad carried 14.8 million passengers, a 22.3% increase from the previous year, delivering revenues of US$9.02 billion and net profits of US$103 million.
JSC "2nd Arkhangelsk United Aviation Division" is an airline based in Arkhangelsk, Russia.
In October 2007, Club 328 was purchased by South of France based operator/broker; PlaneChartering.
It merged with NLM CityHopper in 1991 to form KLM Cityhopper.
Norlandair was founded on 1 June 2008 when it acquired the Twin Otter flight operation of Air Iceland.
Its main base is Libreville International Airport and becomes in 2007 Johannesburg OR TAMBO.
Its fleet consists of McDonnell Douglas MD-82 and MD-83, Fokker 70 and Fokker 50 aircraft.
The airline operated cargo flights with its single Douglas DC-8-71F on the route Ostend-Stockholm-Delhi.
Heliandes is an airline based in Medellín, Colombia.
The airline gained press attention after it said that it would offer $249 U.S. dollar fares from Los Angeles to New York City.
Its main bases were Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport, Jakarta, Samarinda Airport, Syamsudin Noor Airport, Banjarmasin and Supadio Airport, Pontianak.
In 1960, Airwork joined with Hunting-Clan to form British United Airways.
It also operated sightseeing flights over Istanbul.
Georgian International Airlines was an airline based in Tbilisi, Georgia.
Aexpa S.A. is a charter airline based at Matecaña International Airport in Pereira, Colombia.
Fly Aruba was an airline company based in Aruba.
The airline operates to 46 destinations both domestic and international.
Its main base was Bangkok International Airport.
Sunworld International Airways was a small, all-jet airline that operated in the western USA from 1983 until liquidated in 1988.
The affiliation with Piedmont Airlines was to last for three years.
Its headquarters was initially located in Las Vegas, Nevada and was later moved to Phoenix, Arizona in 1966.
It ceased operations in March 2008; its role as Cameroon's flag carrier was taken over by Camair-Co.
At an earlier point its head office was in the City of Westminster.
In total, SkyWest carried 31.2 million passengers in 2016.
It operated domestic services within Chad as well as scheduled international services to other African nations from its main base at N'Djamena International Airport.
Founded September 27, 2002, it ceased operations on March 22, 2004 after declaring bankruptcy.
It operates worldwide charters on demand and caters exclusively to the royal family of Qatar and other VIP government staff.
It was an all-cargo airline operating scheduled and charter services in Alberta, British Columbia and the Northwest Territories.
It was established and started operations in 1983 and operates charter passenger and cargo flights as well as work for the US Postal Service.
In 2005 it merged into Air Atlanta Icelandic.
THAI was the first Asia-Pacific airline to serve London Heathrow Airport.
Air Excel is an airline based in Arusha, Tanzania offering both scheduled and air charter services.
The airline is on the list of air carriers banned in the EU.
The company has contract for crew flights with Statoil, Marathon Oil, BP, Talisman Energy, and ConocoPhillips.
It was based in Delray Beach, Florida.
Ararat International Airlines was an airline headquartered in Yerevan, Armenia and based at the city's Zvartnots International Airport.
Megantara Air was listed in Category 2 by Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority for airline safety quality.
Wholly owned by Trans States Holdings, it has 1670 employees.
Long haul included some of Italians’ preferred tropical destinations like the Maldives and Sri Lanka or Africa.
Its main base is at Kununurra Airport with a satellite "dry season" base at Kalumburu .
Abelag Aviation is an air charter company based in Brussels, Belgium.
The company's history can be traced back to Huff Daland Dusters, founded in 1924 in Macon, Georgia as a crop dusting operation.
The airline uses the Singapore Girl as its central figure in its corporate branding.
Paradise Island Airlines was an American airline that connected Florida with Paradise Island in the Bahamas in the 1990s.
The airline operated scheduled passenger service between 1981 and 1988 and was founded in 1981 in Panama City, Florida.
Prince Edward Air Ltd. is an airline formerly headquartered in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Between 1994 and 1997, it offered domestic flights mainly serving the southeast of the country.
Air New Zealand is headquartered in a building called "The Hub", located 20 km from Auckland Airport, in Auckland's Wynyard Quarter.
The airline stood on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
It is a subsidiary of Yeti Airlines.
Eastern Air was an airline based in Zambia.
It ceased operations on 7 October 2014.
Brava Linhas Aéreas Ltda, formerly known as NHT Linhas Aéreas, is a domestic airline based in Porto Alegre, Brazil founded in 2006.
DAP is Chilean airline that operates charter and schedule flights, with base in Punta Arenas, Chile.
Its main base was Orenburg Tsentralny Airport and it had hubs at Domodedovo and Simferopol International Airport.
Ambica Airlines began local services on 10 March 1947.
In 2000–01, attempts were made to privatise Air India and from 2006 onwards, it suffered losses after its merger with Indian Airlines.
Bering Air is an American airline headquartered in Nome, Alaska, USA.
Exploits Valley Air Services, also known as EVAS or EVAS Air, is a Canadian aviation services company, based in Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Its main base is Mehrabad International Airport, Tehran.
The company is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky.
Until the final closure, Olympic Airlines used the temporary code OP for their flights.
Egoli Air is an airline based in Johannesburg, South Africa.
The carrier offered low fares in a two class cabin with inexpensive upgrades.
Its main base was Warsaw Frederic Chopin Airport.
Operating with an interline agreement with Cyclone Airways, Air Republiq flies under an air operator's certification from Cyclone Airways.
Its main base was Medicine Hat Airport, with a hub at Calgary International Airport
The start of 2002 looked better for Prime Airlines as once again ad hoc charter contacts came in.
Locair is an American FAR Part 135 charter airline with its headquarters in unincorporated Broward County, Florida, near Fort Lauderdale.
Tropic Air is an airline operating scheduled services.
It operated services to destinations in Australia, South Korea and Taiwan.
Its headquarters were in unincorporated El Paso County, Colorado, near Colorado Springs.
Zapolyariye is a defunct Russian airline which was founded in 2007 and based in Norilsk, Keasnoyarsk.
It operates scheduled and charter passenger and cargo services.
Plaza Servicios Aéreos was a passenger and domestic cargo airline based in Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.
Jaro was a charter airline based at Aurel Vlaicu International Airport in Bucharest, Romania.
Wasaya Airways LP; unpointed: ᐗᓭᔭ ᐱᒥᓭᐎᐣ) is a 100% First Nations owned domestic airline with its headquarters in Thunder Bay, Northern Ontario, Canada.
Global Airways is an Air Charter airline based at the Providenciales International Airport which is the main airport of the Turks and Caicos Islands.
FlyNordic was an airline based in Stockholm, Sweden.
It was founded in October 1929, becoming one of the earliest airlines to emerge in Latin America.
From Nogales, service was extended onto Douglas/Bisbee, AZ, and a new route from Phoenix to Yuma was added.
Omskavia was an airline based in Omsk, Russia.
CareFlight is an aero-medical charity established in May 1986. by a group of Australian doctors.
It was established in 1998 and operated air-taxi, executive services and scheduled services.
"Air One" is a portmanteau of the English meaning Air One and the Italian word 'airone', meaning heron, which was also the airline's callsign.
Its head office was located at London Gatwick Airport in Crawley, England.
Maya Island Air is an airline with its head office on the second floor of Building #1 of Belize City Municipal Airport in Belize City, Belize.
Under United States federal law, Americans are prohibited from doing business with individuals or entities listed as an SDN.
The fleet consisted of 3 BN-2A aircraft seating 9 passengers, and 2 Beech 1900C-1 aircraft seating 19 passengers.
Aeroflot-Plus was Aeroflot's VIP passenger charter subsidiary, controlled by Austria's Jetalliance and based at Sheremetyevo Airport, Moscow.
Comlux holds three AOCs: one in Malta, one in Aruba and one in Kazakhstan.
It had also two SAAB 340A cargo variants.
Best Air was airline of Bangladesh with both domestic and international destination, a subsidiary of Best Aviation.
It reported a net profit of about CNY1.05 billion in 2015.
Air Japan Co., Ltd. is a charter airline based on the grounds of Narita International Airport in Narita, Chiba in Japan.
The airline is founded in 2002, and is owned by government of The Republic of Sakha.
The company's headquarters are located at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
It operated domestic scheduled flights from Sde Dov Airport, Tel Aviv to Ein Yahav Airfield.
It operated feeder services for parent Air Nippon, itself a subsidiary of All Nippon Airways.
California Central Airlines was a post-war American scheduled intrastate airline based at Burbank, California.
After the company's bankruptcy on 23 June, the police undertook a seven-year investigation of the company.
Ibertrans Aérea is an airline based in Madrid, Spain.
In 2007 it purchased 12 Airbus A380s and 24 Boeing 787 Dreamliners, marking the start of its long-haul fleet replacement.
Informally Flex is known as "old Varig".
After the acquisition of Bulgaria Air, all of Hemus Air's destinations are now under the plate of Bulgaria Air.
Asiana has its headquarters in Asiana Town building in Seoul.
The airline underestimated its costs and achieved an insufficient load factor, thus making services unprofitable.
For a time, Vanguard also had significant operations at Chicago Midway International Airport in Chicago, Illinois, until late 2000.
In 2010 Omni established with a Brazilian investor the Brazilian charter airline Whitejets, which will operate, as of June 2010 flights from Brazil to the Caribbean.
Philippine Airlines operates a mixed fleet of Airbus and Boeing aircraft with Airbus A320, Airbus A321, Airbus A330, Airbus A340, and Boeing 777-300ER.
Berytos Airlines was an airline based in Hazmieh, Lebanon.
It was wholly owned by RAO UES, although UES, as part of its restructuring, had placed Avianergo on the market.
It has its headquarters on the grounds of Princess Juliana International Airport.
Formed in 1988, the airline has its corporate headquarters in Vibhavadi Rangsit Road, Chatuchak District, Bangkok, and primarily operates out of Suvarnabhumi Airport.
Air26 - Linhas Aéreas, S.A. is an airline based in Luanda, Angola.
Its main base is Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, with a hub at Shanghai Pudong International Airport.
It subsequently acquired four 30-passenger Embraer EMB 120 Brasilias—as the second European airline.
The Saab 340, leased by Avitrans Nordic, will be replaced with the ATR-42 models.
On the night of March 16, 2012, the airline suspended all its services because of financial trouble.
Despite its private company status, it has a public service mission.
The firm became a share company in 1965, and changed its name from Ethiopian Air Lines to Ethiopian Airlines.
Norcanair was the name of a Canadian airline that existed from 1947 to 1987, and again briefly in the early 1990s and from 2001 to 2005.
The company operates from the south terminal at Vancouver International Airport.
It operates regular domestic cargo flights and charters, also international services to North and South America, Mexico, and the Caribbean.
It was established in 1996 and operates passenger and cargo services within Nigeria and in West Africa.
The airline focused primarily on shuttling passengers to nearby airports throughout the region.
The airline's operations and subsidiaries have scheduled passenger and cargo services to 180 destinations in 44 countries worldwide including codeshares and joint ventures.
Aerosvit Airlines was a member of IATA and an IATA IOSA certified carrier.
Asia Wings was a Kazakhstan airline based in Karagandy, and operates 5 domestic services from Karaganda and Almaty
MALÉRT was a Hungarian airline, founded on November 19, 1922.
Tofino Air offers scheduled services, scenic tours, and specialized charters.
Plans to start flights with a BAe Jetstream 41 are also ongoing.
Freedom Air Services was an airline based in Kaduna, Nigeria.
ASTAR Air Cargo was an American cargo airline based in Miami, Florida, USA.
Air India's mascot is the Maharajah and the logo consists of a flying swan with the wheel of Konark inside it.
It was announced on 2 April 2010 that Air Japan and ANA & JP Express will merge, with Air Japan being the surviving company.
The company's revenues for 2011 grew to $2.4 billion, totalling losses of $49.4 million compared to a profit of $57 million in 2010.
Bradley Air Services Limited, operating as First Air, is an airline headquartered in Kanata, a suburb of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
It ceased operations on March 2, 2012.
Peach Aviation, operating under the brand name Peach is a low-cost airline based in Japan.
Mediterranean Aviation Company Limited saw its beginnings in 1978 as a dedicated link between Europe and the remote airfields of the oil and gas industries.
It also flew to Africa, continuing Sabena's extensive network there.
AIS Airlines is a Dutch charter, wet lease, and scheduled airline headquartered at Lelystad Airport in the Netherlands, operating Jetstream 32 aircraft.
Bergen Air Transport AS is an airline based at Bergen Airport, Flesland in Norway.
Zhezkazgan Air, branded as ZhezAir, is an airline which operates scheduled and charter flights in Kazakhstan.
Air Nigeria, was the national flag carrier of Nigeria, which operated scheduled regional and domestic passenger services.
'AlMasria' is derived from the Arabic word for 'Egyptian'.
It was owned and operated by Caribbean Airlines from May 2011 until the cessation of operations in 2015.
It operated from January 2007 until October 2011.
China Southern Airlines Company Limited is an airline headquartered in Baiyun District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
Allied Air is a cargo airline based in Lagos, Nigeria.
In 1993, Brymon European was again split up.
It is headquartered in Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport and has 12,607 regular employees.
It was established in early 2014 in San Salvador with a main hub at Monseñor Óscar Arnulfo Romero International Airport.
The airline evolved into a regional air carrier operating code share flights primarily for Continental Airlines.
It served as France's primary national flag carrier for seven decades prior to its 2003 merger with KLM.
On 21 September 2011, the airline had its licence revoked by Rosaviatsiya in the wake of the crash in Yaroslavl.
Yuzhmashavia is an airline based in Dnipro, Ukraine, in eastern Europe, and was established in 1985.
The airline is based on Mariupol, Ukraine, and operates domestic and international flights, most of them on behalf of its parent Illich Steel & Iron Works.
It operates a fleet of twelve Boeing 767 cargo aircraft.
Sky King was founded in July 1990 to fly for the NBA's Sacramento Kings.
Founded in part by Eddie Rickenbacker and based in the state of Florida, the airline served the southeastern United States during the mid-1920s.
The airline started flights to Alicante, Beauvais, Belfast, Geneva and Málaga using two aircraft.
Its main base is El Tari Airport, Kupang.
Helisul Linhas Aéreas S/A was a Brazilian airline founded in 1994.
Most charter services were inclusive tour flights to the Mediterranean.
Canada's national airline originated from the Canadian federal government's 1936 creation of Trans-Canada Airlines, which began operating their first transcontinental flight routes in 1938.
Efforts to find new financial backing were unsuccessful.
It operated domestic cargo services and international services in Europe.
It was set up in 1995 as a joint venture between South African Airways and the governments of Tanzania and Uganda.
Its flights were operated by other local airlines.
", is a South African expression meaning "for real!".
Originally being owned by Swedish investment group Salénia, it belongs to MCA Airlines since 2009.
It operated cargo charter services mainly within West Africa.
A lack of financial resources and poor management continued to haunt the company.
It was formerly known as Emerald Valley Airlines.
Emirates is an airline based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Jetmagic operated a fleet of 2 Embraer 145 aircraft and 1 Embraer 135 aircraft on it services to Belfast, Edinburgh and London City.
Sub-services were flown for major airlines in Europe as required.
Atlantic Southeast Airlines and ExpressJet became the world's largest regional airline on November 12, 2010 once the purchase was final.
In 2007 it was taken over by ChelAvia who mainly deal with airline training/teaching and aircraft sales but who also provide aerial work themselves.
Veritair Aviation Limited is a helicopter charter company based at Cardiff Heliport, in Cardiff, Wales.
The Elite Airways service is being offered worldwide by Global Distribution Systems under the Great Lakes Airlines code.
Aviones de Renta de Quintana Roo, S.A. de C.V. is an air taxi service based in Quintana Roo, in Mexico.
Vueling serves over 100 destinations in Africa, Asia and Europe and is the largest airline in Spain.
The Airline was rebranded as Hebei Airlines on June 29, 2010.
Its main base is at Banjul International Airport in Banjul, the Gambia.
Pakistan International Airlines provided training facilities to Emirates' cabin crew in its academy.
Major undertakings included deliveries of the newspaper Dagbladet, flying tourists into mountainous areas such as Hardangervidda and crop dusted forest areas.
Royal Wings is a Royal Jordanian Group Company and the charter arm of Royal Jordanian, is an airline based in Amman, Jordan.
Avolar Aerolíneas, S.A. de C.V. was a low-cost airline based in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, with corporate offices in Tijuana.
Its main bases were Beijing Capital International Airport and Tianjin Binhai International Airport.
Komiavia faded with the rise of UTair Aviation.
Sarajevo airport did not allowed Arnoro to fly anymore because of their bill.
Catalina Air Lines was a seaplane airline founded in 1940 as Catalina Air Transport, and was based in Long Beach, California.
It operates scheduled and ad hoc freight charter services for FedEx, DHL, TNT and UPS.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the American Airlines Group, headquartered in unincorporated Wicomico County, Maryland, near the city of Salisbury.
It operated worldwide holiday charter services mainly for its parent company, the MyTravel Group.
It operates scheduled services for other airlines as well as charter flights for corporations or VIPs.
Ansic AS, trading as FlyNonstop, was a virtual airline which operated out of Kristiansand Airport, Kjevik, Norway, in 2013.
As of August 2016 the airline operates flights to 5 domestic cities and 22 international destinations.
On 26 November 2013 Belle Air Europe ceased operations due to financial difficulties, just two days after the parent company Belle Air suspended operations as well.
Promodal Transportes Aéreos was a short-lived cargo airline based in São Paulo, Brazil.
It was the first scheduled services seaplane operator in Greece in recent years.
The airline was based at the Norman Manley International Airport.
The airline operates scheduled service to the islands in Maine's Penobscot Bay, and offers private charter land and seaplane flights throughout the region.
Northern Air Cargo is an American cargo airline based in Anchorage, Alaska, USA.
Meridian Airways Ltd. was banned from operating in the European Union.
However, Jett8 managed to secure an AOC in August 2011, allowing it to continue to operate chartered flights for one more year.
Polynesian's main operating base is Fagali'i Airport, Apia.
MyTravel Airways was a United Kingdom scheduled and charter airline with headquarters in Manchester, England.
Russia Jet Direct flew the only direct route from Houston and Anchorage to Sakhalin Island-Yuzhno.
It has its head office at Dushanbe International Airport in Dushanbe.
Its hub airport located in Newport News commenced eviction of the airline from the airport terminal on November 12, 2014.
The former concentrated on trooping services and inclusive tours while the latter provided scheduled services to Portugal, the Canary Islands and Italy.
Later, Ryan would operate SunTrips flights using Boeing 757 aircraft in Ryan's own livery.
Atlantic Airlines was an airline based in Nicaragua's capital city, Managua.
Flights from San Juan to Dorado took a mere 15 minutes.
Previously, its fleet had consisted of three Boeing 767-200s.
All American Aviation Inc was an airline company founded by Dr. Lytle Schooler Adams in 1937.
The airline confirmed that Eos Airlines was to accommodate passengers on their Stansted to JFK services.
The airline name is an abbreviation of "Lintasan Nusantara".
In October 1992, Birmingham European merged with Brymon Airways to form Brymon European Airways.
their first Hajj service to Jeddah took off 21 September 2012.
Air Rarotonga is an airline based in Rarotonga, Cook Islands and is ‘The Airline of the Cook Islands’.
Caribbean Airlines Limited, headquartered in Piarco, Trinidad and Tobago, had administrative offices for Air Jamaica located at Norman Manley International Airport in Kingston, Jamaica.
AirSea Lines was an airline based in Gouvia, Corfu, Greece.
Highland Airways was under talks for a buyout by Perth-based, Air Charter Scotland.
Petroleum Air Services is an airline based in Cairo, Egypt.
Lucky Air is an airline based in the Xiángpéng Hángkōng Dàshà in Kunming, Yunnan, China.
The change marked the end of 66 years of the JAT brand.
National Airways Corporation is a commercial aviation company with its head office on the grounds of Lanseria Airport in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Eaglexpress have 3 boeing 747-400 operates for Saudia and Fly Nas.
It is wholly owned by the government of Brunei.
Its main hub is Karachi while Lahore and Islamabad are its secondary hubs.
The airline was a joint venture between the Nepalese regional carrier Yeti Airlines and Air Arabia.
Air Hamburg Luftverkehrsgesellschaft mbH is a German airline based in Hamburg.
Spring Airlines is a low-cost carrier with its headquarters in the Homeyo Hotel in Changning District, Shanghai, China.
Swift Air Limited was an airline based in Lilongwe, Malawi.
The airline filed for bankruptcy and ceased operations in 2004 after attempts to secure additional financing and investments were unsuccessful.
The ICAO code is SWR, inherited from Swissair, in order to keep international traffic rights.
Snowflake served a total 28 destinations from its bases at Stockholm Arlanda Airport and Copenhagen Airport.
From 1994 the airline operated Yakovlev 42 tri-jet airliners.
Its main bases are Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and Den Helder Airport, with hubs at Brussels Airport and Rotterdam The Hague Airport.
The company, registered in 2007, is owned by Keith and Robyn McKenzie.
It offers flights to several domestic destinations.
The merger was completed in early 2016.
UNHAS charters commercially operated aircraft, compliant with the International Civil Aviation Organization Standards and Recommended Practices and the United Nations Aviation Standards.
It now trades under the name Federal Air, and no longer uses the Pelican Air branding.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, it was widely reported to be flying weapons into Angola to arm the UNITA rebels.
The company was established in 1996 and is specialized in ad hoc freight services across Europe.
It operates charter flights around Europe and the Mediterranean using its own brand name as well as on behalf of other airlines.
Challenge Aero is an airline based in Kiev, Ukraine.
Mountain Air Express was a short-lived United States commuter airline founded in 1996.
It was a privately owned charter airline operating domestic and international services.
Its full name was Flight-Ops International, Inc. Skyxpress ceased operations in November 2008 due to the financial crisis.
Its main base is Val-d'Or Airport, with a hub at Timmins/Victor M. Power Airport.
EuroAir was an airline based in Athens, Greece.
The introduction into service of the Vickers VC10 on 1 October 1964 made BUA the first private UK carrier to begin sustained jet operations.
This is a list of defunct airlines of Oceania.
Several airlines had tried to become the Nicaraguan flag carrier like CAAL, SANSA but none of these survived a year.
Jorge Barouki, president of the company, has stated that Brava requested the suspension since the airline no longer had the capital to pay its employees.
Aquila Airways was a British independent airline, formed on 18 May 1948 and based in Southampton, Hampshire.
In August 1953 it operated scheduled flights to 36 airports from El Paso to Memphis.
The customers were Phillips Petroleum, Norsk Hydro, Statoil, Amoco and British Petroleum, serving their oil fields Ekofisk, Oseberg, Gullfaks, Veslefrikk, Valhall, Ula and Gyda.
The company is described as an air limousine service.
It has Cessna 402 B, Cessna 402 C and Cessna Caravan 208 B equipment.
The company has offices in Casablanca, Johannesburg, Manila, Minneapolis, Montevideo, New Delhi and Paris.
Adlair Aviation was established by one of the north's pilots, Willy Laserich.
Perimeter Aviation operates 32 aircraft on scheduled, charter, and medevac service.
Ltd. was an airline based in Nepal.
Its main base is Akron-Canton Regional Airport.
The Mayor of the City of Dallas is the head of government for the city.
Aero Flight GmbH & Co. Luftverkehrs-KG was an airline based in Oberursel, Germany.
Tiger Airways Australia Pty Ltd, operating as Tigerair Australia, is an Australian low-cost airline.
LATAM Airlines Colombia, formerly known as LAN Colombia, and previously as Aerovías de Integración Regional S.A., is a Colombian airline.
It operated cargo services within the US and British Virgin Islands and to Puerto Rico.
Sabang Merauke Raya Air Charter was an airline based in Medan, North Sumatra, Indonesia.
Société Tunisienne de l'Air, or Tunisair is the flag carrier airline of Tunisia.
Annushka operates from their own airfield in the Alexandria-St George district of Stavropolskii Krai.
In early 2000, Air Caribbean offered slashed air fares to Miami, in order to compete with BWIA and American Airlines.
JSC "Domodedovo Airlines" was an airline with its head office on the grounds of Domodedovo International Airport in Domodedovsky District, Moscow Oblast, Russia.
Medium haul activity was centered mainly on operations to Egypt and the Red Sea Riviera, Spain and Greece.
Air Sinai is an airline based in Cairo, Egypt.
Limited is a cargo airline based in Sydney, Australia.
Peach Air was a United Kingdom charter airline that operated for two years between 1997 and 1998.
Many of their remaining classic aircraft were donated to Classic Flight for display at airshows.
It started operations in the 1980s and ceased operations in 1987.
Maxair was an airline based at Malmö in Sweden.
ČSA is the fifth oldest still operating airline in the world, older are only Dutch KLM, Colombian Avianca, Australian Qantas and Soviet/Russian Aeroflot.
Hahn Air has signed contracts with more than 300 air, rail and shuttle partner.
It is headquartered in the Oak Sapporo Building in Chūō-ku, Sapporo, and its main base of operations is Haneda Airport in Ōta, Tokyo.
The airline began marketing tickets on April 13, 2011.
Venezolana Internacional de Aviación Sociedad Anónima, or VIASA for short, was the Venezuelan flag carrier between 1960 and 1997.
License was revoked by Russian aviation authorities on 24.12.2014
Its head office was located in Building 363 at Orly Airport, Paray-Vieille-Poste.
Royal Aviation was the parent of Canadian scheduled passenger and charter airline Royal Airlines, which was based at Montreal Dorval Airport.
Founded in 1956 under the name Vietnam Civil Aviation, the airline was established as a state-owned enterprise in April 1989.
Swiss Private is also the new platform for operation of the Lufthansa Private Jet fleet, formerly operated by Swiss European Air Lines.
Its flight operations had been taken over by Polet Airlines, Voronezhavia itself manages Voronezh Airport.
75% of the company's stock was owned by Phillip Ho, chairman of the airline and head of Nansay Hawaii, a Japanese real estate development firm.
Its main base is Podgorica Airport, with a hub at Tivat Airport.
Pride Air was a United States airline that operated for three months during 1985.
Toward the end of its existence Empire announced plans to phase out its Swearingen Metro II turboprop fleet and become an all-jet regional airline.
Flights were in Ford Tri-Motor "Clippers" and covered Cape Cod and the Islands.
LATAM Ecuador, formerly LAN Ecuador, is a subsidiary of LATAM Airlines, based in Guayaquil, Ecuador.
Its main base is Gran Canaria International Airport.
Air Guyane SP is a French airline with its head office on the grounds of Cayenne-Rochambeau Airport in Matoury, French Guiana.
FAI rent-a-jet AG is an airline based in Germany.
It launched its first long haul route, between Incheon and Honolulu, in December 2015.
Starlink Aviation is a Canadian fixed-base operator, passenger and charter airline.
L-3 Flight International Aviation is an airline based in Newport News, Virginia, USA.
Star Aviation is an airline based at Hassi Messaoud, Algeria.
It operated charter services to destinations in the Mediterranean and Red Sea.
A seven-seat management board, members of which are appointed by the Vietnamese Prime Minister, oversees the company.
It is the only airline to operate a service between Oban and the Coll, Tiree and Colonsay islands; routes subsidised by Argyll and Bute Council.
The Iranian airlines were themselves under sanction by the US government.
Annually they transport around 200,000 men and women to and from offshore oil and gas platforms from bases at Aberdeen, Kirmington, Norwich, Blackpool and Sumburgh airports.
In 2008, Wingo xprs served 18,000 passengers.
When a base was set up at London Gatwick the name was changed to AB Airlines as its network covered more destinations than just Shannon.
Shortly afterwards, WestAir's handful of British Aerospace BAe 146 jet aircraft were disposed of in an attempt to dig the airline out of an economic hole.
Formed in 1947 it flew its first services in 1949, by 1954 it had shut down due to bankruptcy.
The company has its head office on the fifth floor of the Social Insurance Building in Damascus.
By 1976, the airline had expanded its network to smaller regional destinations, for which it purchased DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft.
On September 30, 2007, the United States Department of Transportation revoked the flying charter for the airline, and later that year, the airline ceased operations.
It started operations in 2004 and had 70 employees.
By October 2014, the airline's fleet had increased to four aircraft.
Air Sunshine's website lists two separate post office boxes for contacts, one in Fort Lauderdale and another in San Juan.
It has also suspended the Route licences for both charter and scheduled operations held by the airline.
It is a member of the European Regions Airline Association.
It operated scheduled flights and charters between its base at Ufa International Airport and Moscow Domodedovo Airport on flights operated by VIM Airlines with their aircraft.
The airline has made a deal with Boeing for ten new aircraft along with options for ten more.
At that time it began operating on behalf of Germanwings within their network.
The airline went insolvent liquidation in 1991, although it continued to operate out of bankruptcy for nearly two and a half years.
Roughly 860 jobs were expected to be lost as a result.
Pelangi Airways Sdn Bhd was a regional airline of Malaysia based at Kuala Lumpur Subang Airport.
Its main base was Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The airline was formerly known as South Phoenix Airways.
Until recently, the airline's hub was Mitiga Airport, which, although smaller than Tripoli International Airport, is much closer to the city centre of Tripoli.
JSC Angara Airlines is an airline based in Irkutsk, Russia.
Air Atlanta Europe was an airline based at London Gatwick Airport, United Kingdom.
Air China's flight operations are based at Beijing Capital International Airport.
The appeal for the loan was denied by the Curacao Parliament on August 16, 2013.
LAC's acquisition of Skyways resulted in concentration of the combined group's operations at London Stansted Airport.
In 1968, the airline established an overseas base at Berlin Tegel Airport in what used to be West Berlin prior to German reunification.
US Airways management runs the combined airline from the American headquarters in Fort Worth, Texas.
It is headquartered in Maduro Plaza, Willemstad.
ASL Airlines Belgium, formerly TNT Airways, is a Belgian cargo airline operating chartered flights mainly to European destinations.
For the American Cargo airline see: Polar Air Cargo
On 24 December 2007, the airline filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy and ceased operations.
Its main base was Sarajevo International Airport.
It operates flights to European and intercontinental destinations from its base at Zürich Airport.
The US Airways brand continued until October 17, 2015, when American Airlines retired the name.
Meehan and Christian together controlled 50 percent of the carrier's voting stock, with the remaining shares held mostly by a small group of Chicago area investors.
Quadrotour-Aero was a Kyrgyzstan based airline operating a fleet of single Ilyushin IL-62, registration EX-62100.
The airline thrived into the 1980s, when it was one of the "Seven Sisters" of Western European commercial aviation.
It operates regional passenger and cargo services, as well as overseas humanitarian and peace-keeping work.
OAO Kuban Airlines was an airline based in Krasnodar, Russia.
Zambian Airways suspended operations on January 10, 2009.
Olympic Air S.A. is a regional airline, a subsidiary of the Greek airline carrier Aegean Airlines.
Sol del Paraguay Lineas Aereas was a Paraguayan passenger airline, based at Silvio Pettirossi International Airport in the city of Asuncion.
Colgan Air's major hubs were in Newark and Washington.
Still more airports were served on a charter basis.
Ram Air Freight was a cargo airline based in Morrisville, North Carolina, United States.
Aspen ceased operations on April 1, 1990 when separate portions of the airline were acquired by Mesa Airlines and Air Wisconsin Services, Inc.
Pawan Hans Limited is a helicopter service company based in New Delhi, India.
The Sapsan is a Russian gauge high speed electric express train.
is a Lebanese charter airline based in Beirut, Lebanon.
In the Northwest Territories, their bases include Yellowknife and Norman Wells.
Tigerair Mandala was a low-cost airline headquartered in Jakarta, Indonesia and is an associate company of the Singapore-based Tigerair Group.
The only known aeroplane was a Boeing 737-200, registered F-GHXK.
KoralBlue Airlines was an Egyptian charter airline based in Cairo.
It operated regional scheduled and ad hoc charter services using wet leased aircraft out of its base at Djibouti-Ambouli International Airport.
Mount Cook Airline, a subsidiary of Air New Zealand, is a regional airline based in Christchurch, New Zealand.
From 1996 to 2005, the airline, along with other local companies, operated under the government-owned Vietnam Airlines Corporation.
It was given its Air Operator's Certificate on 12 February 2001.
       
SkyWest took over all Midwest Connect operations following Skyway's shutdown of operations on April 5, 2008.
Denim Air ACMI B.V. was a Dutch charter airline based in Mijdrecht.
Hesnes Air AS is a Norwegian private airline and helicopter company with registered office at Nøtterøy and office and hangar at Sandefjord Airport, Torp in Norway.
Costa Rica Skies Airlines was a charter airline serving destinations throughout the Americas based in San José, Costa Rica.
Its main base was Aurel Vlaicu International Airport.
Shuttle America Corporation was an American regional airline based in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA.
ABC Aerolíneas, S.A. de C.V., operating as Interjet, is a Mexican airline with its headquarters in Lomas de Chapultepec, Miguel Hidalgo, Mexico City, Mexico.
Sonicblue Airways was an airline based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, with their headquarters in Richmond.
Southern Winds Airlines[1] was an Argentine commercial air carrier that operated from 1996 until 2005.
Air Kerala is a proposed airline promoted by the Government of Kerala, registered as a subsidiary of the Cochin International Airport Limited.
It was established and started operations in June 1995 and operates charter cargo flights worldwide including Canada where it operates on behalf of the Canadian Military.
It operates scheduled services linking the main towns and cities in Angola, as well as VIP flights and charter services within Angola and to Namibia.
Gabon Airlines is the name of two incarnations of Gabonese airline, headquartered in Libreville.
Besides operating dedicated cargo planes, the company also has access to cargo capacities of 350 passenger aircraft of the Lufthansa Group.
Flights are currently operated out of United's hubs at O'Hare International Airport and Denver International Airport, as well as Lambert-Saint Louis International Airport.
Air L.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of Air L.A. Inc was an U.S. commuter airline headquartered in the Westchester area of Los Angeles, California.
It was formed as "Keewatin Air Limited" to provide charter services to the region.
Moldavian Airlines was an airline with its head office on the property of Chişinău International Airport in Chişinău in Moldova.
Winnport participated in the federal government Team Canada trade mission to China in 1998.
Papua Indonesia Air System is a cargo airline based in Biak, Papua, Indonesia.
On April 16, 2012, the airline had its operational license suspended and on October 3, 2014, the license was revoked.
EAS Airlines was an airline based in Lagos, Nigeria.
Its main base was Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, Jakarta.
Varig Logística S.A., operating as VarigLog, was a cargo airline, based in Jardim Aeroporto, Campo Belo, São Paulo, Brazil.
Air Comet took over the Latin American routes, but has now ceased operations as well.
Motor Sich is a Ukrainian airline based in Zaporizhia, Ukraine.
As per 31 March 2010 the airline has decided that all activities in the company will end as Transwede has not been operating during 2010.
It serves more than 180 markets in the Western Hemisphere.
Scenic has been owned by Grand Canyon Airlines since 2008.
The Fiji government owns 52% of the airline and Qantas 46%, with the governments of several Pacific island nations holding the remainder.
Saratov Airlines is a Russian airline headquartered in Saratov and based at Saratov Tsentralny Airport.
is a charter airline based in Wrocław, Poland.
Air Manchester was a short-lived charter airline based in Manchester, England.
Its main base was Deputado Luís Eduardo Magalhães International Airport, Salvador.
LOT is also a member of the Star Alliance.
Braathens was controlled by Braganza until 2001, when it was sold to the SAS Group.
The airline was established in 1961 as Nagasaki Airways.
They catered to business and vacation travellers and would fly anywhere in North America.
Another jet airline which used "Atlantis" in its name was Air Atlantis, which was a wholly owned subsidiary of TAP Portugal.
The headquarters were located on the airport property.
Société Airlinair is a French regional airline based in Rungis, France, operating scheduled regional flights, and aircraft lease services.
In 1962, BAS Group merged with British United Airways, which by that time had replaced BAS as the UK's largest independent airline operator.
The airline has recently announced that it will procure ATR 72-500 and ATR 42-500 series aircraft by 2017.
Regional jet and/or turboprop feeder flights were operated on a code sharing basis by Mesa Airlines and Chautauqua Airlines as America West Express.
In 1959, Air Charter became part of the Airwork group.
Iran Air Tours is an airline based in Tehran, Iran.
Its main base is Boa Vista-Atlas Brasil Cantanhede International Airport.
Accordingly, Resorts International launched Paradise Island Airways in March 1989, to handle increased vacation traffic from Florida to the Bahamas.
Wingo xprs operates three destination with one plane.
As of 2016, PIA is going through a procedure of privatization to shift management from government to the private sector.
Chicago Express provided connecting service at ATA's hub, Chicago Midway International Airport.
The company went commercial in 1971 and acquired four Cessna twin-props by 1975.
The third sister company, OLT Express Germany, announced they are seeking an external investor to support operations, and fund the earlier announced takeover of Contact Air.
SkyLink Aviation Inc. is a Canadian based international aviation group offering project management, air charters, aviation support, aircraft maintenance, air charter, flight planning and clearance services.
Hyannis Air Service, Inc., operating as Cape Air, is an airline headquartered at Barnstable Municipal Airport in Barnstable, Massachusetts, United States.
Operations were folded back into the mainline brand on January 6, 2009.
Linha Aérea Transcontinental Brasileira S.A. was a Brazilian airline formed in 1944 and that started scheduled flights in 1946.
It operates scheduled and charter services in Nigeria and throughout Africa.
It operated holiday flights from Canada to Mexico, Hawaii, Las Vegas, Nevada and Manchester.
The airline was rebranded in March 2003 to form the current Thomas Cook Airlines.
The airline filed for bankruptcy in August, 1998 and was liquidated in October, 1998.
All aircraft featured the airline's tagline, "The Flying Dream."
Air Sunshine is an airline based in United States.
LATAM Airlines Group was formed after the takeover by LAN of Brazilian TAM Airlines, which was completed on June 22, 2012.
It was created as the charter airline of Horizon Travel and went on to successfully develop scheduled services.
It is a fully owned subsidiary of Comlux and operate charter and business flight out of its base of Almaty.
Apart from two heritage aircraft, the only remaining America West branding on aircraft can be found on some seat covers and bulkheads.
Its main base was Lusaka International Airport.
In 2007, the Government of India announced that Indian would be merged into Air India.
The airline was featured on The Simple Life reality TV series, which Southeast executives hoped would give the carrier some exposure.
Korean National Airlines was the first air carrier in Korea.
LAM Mozambique Airlines is based in Maputo, and has its hub at Maputo International Airport.
Fly Jamaica Airways is an airline headquartered in Kingston, Jamaica, with flight operations at the Norman Manley International Airport.
Incorporated in April 1992 as a limited liability company, the airline began operations as an air taxi operator in 1993.
The airline operates 10 helicopters and 14 fixed-wing aircraft and has headquarters in Tromsø.
The airline ceased operations late in 1966 and entered receivership.
TbilAviaMsheni, trading as TAM Air, was a Georgian airline based in Tbilisi.
American operates its primary maintenance base at Tulsa International Airport in addition to the maintenance locations located at its hubs.
Established in 1993, it operates services between Tehran and other major cities in Iran and international flights to Armenia, Syria, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and Ukraine.
Omega Air Refueling is a company which provides aerial refueling services for military units.
Silver Airways launched as a new regional carrier with assets from former Gulfstream International Airlines.
Orca Airways is a scheduled and charter airline based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Al Sayegh Airlines is an airline based in the United Arab Emirates.
Flybe sold its 60% to Finnair as a temporary solution at a price of one euro in March 2015.
Its main base was Rinas Mother Teresa Airport, Tirana.
The company operates a fleet of 17 helicopters and has 315 employees.
The company is based in Frösundavik in Solna Municipality, just north of Stockholm.
The airline also serviced Whyalla Airport until September 2007.
These aircraft had fuel-thirsty and noisy JT8D engines, and were a financial burden on the airline.
Brindabella Airlines was an Australian regional airline established in 1994.
This included sports charters, military charters, show business charters, various government contracts and general charters for the leisure and business industry.
Its main base is Ezeiza International Airport, Buenos Aires.
It provides on-demand and wet lease aircraft charter.
Angola Air Charter is a charter airline based in Luanda, Angola.
Air Cargo Carriers is a cargo airline based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA.
Its main base was Mihail Kogălniceanu International Airport.
Deccan Charters is an aviation company based in Bengaluru, India that operates helicopter and fixed-wing charter services.
The company has also diversified its investments in the aircraft-leasing and airport ground-servicing industries, and is looking to manufacture aircraft components.
Its main base is Cairo International Airport.
Kingfisher Airlines, through its parent company United Breweries Group, had a 50% stake in low-cost carrier Kingfisher Red.
The aircraft were to receive registrations PH-KVA and PH-KVB, since both aircraft once belonged to KLM Cityhopper.
Efly was an airline based in Malta.
It was the second Asian airline to acquire a jet aircraft, a Boeing 707.
The airline has been operating charters actively in the Middle East and South Asia region flying royalty, diplomats, businessmen, heads of state and high-net-worth individuals.
Its main bases are Domodedovo International Airport and Tolmachevo Airport.
Recently Empire also started passenger service within Hawaii, under the name "Ohana by Hawaiian".
It had its headquarters at Aérodrome de N'Dolo in Kinshasa.
The airline was founded on May 24, 1985 by Chao Kuang Piu, the airline's present honorary chairman.
It was the first airline to operate a regular international flight.
It operates feeder flights for overnight package delivery services, including UPS and DHL.
Federal Air is an airline headquartered in Hangar 14 on the grounds of OR Tambo International Airport in Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni, Gauteng, South Africa, near Johannesburg.
For example, its short flight from Port-au-Prince to Jacmel could be driven instead; but it would take approximately four hours by road.
It operates seven-day-a-week charter and air ambulance services that cover northern and western Canada and Alaska.
The airline began operations in August 2014, having originally planned to begin operations in autumn 2013.
It also operated charter services to tour operators.
It operated non-scheduled passenger and freight services between 1965 and 1982.
PAL is the second largest regional airline operator in Eastern Canada next to Air Canada Express.
It was based in Ürümqi, the provincial capital of Xinjiang, and had a secondary hub in Changzhou in Jiangsu province.
It operates VIP charter flights and air-taxi services out of Moscow Domodedovo Airport.
Its head office is in the Nepal Airlines Corporation Building in Kathmandu, and its main base is Tribhuvan International Airport, Kathmandu.
In 2012, Virgin Atlantic carried 5.4 million passengers, making it the seventh-largest UK airline in terms of passenger volume.
In 1951 it was bought and merged into Lóide Aéreo Nacional.
The airline was founded in 1991, and ceased in 2005.
The airline was backed by the Municipality of Maastricht and the Province of Limburg.
Aviast Air Ltd. was a cargo airline based in Moscow, Russia.
Slovak Government Flying Service is the governmental airline of Slovakia headquartered in Bratislava and based at Bratislava Airport.
Its main base is Guam International Airport.
In 1952, the airline operated its first scheduled service.
The airline has been said to have a defined strategy to become East Timor’s International and Domestic Airline.
Its main base is at Calgary International Airport.
From that time AST PAKISTAN AIRWAYS under suspension and seeking now Superior Pakistani Court to resolve this issue with CAA PAKISTAN.
The airline was saved from liquidation by a last-minute takeover offer from UK-based Angel Gate Aviation.
Operations ceased on 14 October 1992 after the board had filed for bankruptcy.
It is a regional airline operating scheduled and seasonal services in the French Antilles.
Bravo Air Congo was an airline based in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo operating domestic and regional passenger services.
It is one of the Asian offshoots of parent Jetstar Airways, the low-cost subsidiary airline of Australia's Qantas airline.
Its main base was Guiyang Longdongbao Airport, Guizhou.
In addition to domestic services, Mexicana operated flights to various international destinations in North America, Central America, the Caribbean, South America and Europe.
It also specialises in operations for humanitarian organisations, the oil industry and other special operations.
It operates air shuttle, scheduled and charter services throughout Africa for business and the tourist industry.
Cherry Red Airline, also known as the Cherry Air Service, was the first airline in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan.
Compagnie Nationale Air Guinée was the national airline of Guinea.
Its main base is Philadelphia International Airport with hubs in Charlotte Douglas International Airport.
In 1988 Thai Airways merged to become Thai Airways International.
Kiwi Travel International Airlines was a New Zealand based airline which pioneered discount flights between secondary airports in Australia and New Zealand in the mid 1990s.
I-Fly is a Russian charter airline based in Moscow operating mainly out of Vnukovo International Airport.
In 1981, the airline was awarded the right to operate the Vancouver-Powell River route, and for this purchased a Convair 440.
It was established in 1998 and started operations in 1999 and operates scheduled and charter cargo services.
Service shifted to mainline Delta on May 1, 2006.
It operates scheduled services to destinations in Europe, North Africa, the Mediterranean and Middle East with additional charter and seasonal services.
The company filed for bankruptcy in January 2007.
Until its shutdown, the airline was a prime contractor for the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System.
It main base was Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport.
Reporters assigned to Dukakis nicknamed the plane "The Sky Pig" because it was so slow.
As of September 2016 Kan Air flew nine routes.
It has offices in Nairobi and Mombasa.
It operated scheduled passenger services out of Phnom Penh International Airport and Angkor International Airport.
It operates services to all major cities of Kazakhstan and to neighbouring countries.
It offers on-demand charter service from bases in Thunder Bay and Timmins.
Other services started to Albuquerque, Salt Lake City and Grand Junction.
Bergen Airport, Sandviken is a water airport and heliport situated in the Sandviken neighborhood of Bergen, Norway.
It is a member of the Star Alliance.
It was established in 1994 and operates passenger charter services.
Hesnes Air specializes in complex and sophisticated aircraft- and helicopter services for both companies and private persons.
Lease Corporation International is a company based in Dublin, Ireland, which offers a wide range of aircraft leasing to various airlines.
China Xinjiang Airlines was a Chinese airline owned by CAAC.
Capitol Air also operated many charter flights for the United States military.
During the Second World War, M&C ran a large aircraft overhaul facility in Prince Albert.
Cougar Helicopters is a St. John's based commercial helicopter company servicing offshore oil and gas fields off the coast of Newfoundland and Nova Scotia.
It is the second largest domestic scheduled airline in the country, after Aerolíneas Argentinas itself.
It operates regional services, as well as charter flights to tourist destinations in Argentina and Brazil on behalf of local tour operators.
Hawaiian Airlines operates flights to Asia, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia and the United States Mainland.
Air Sylhet had obtained traffic rights to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Air Koryo is the state-owned national flag carrier airline of North Korea, headquartered in Sunan-guyŏk, Pyongyang.
Plans to start direct flights to Manila from Basco are also underway.
Afrinat International Airlines is an airline headquartered in Bakau, the Gambia.
It operated charter passenger and cargo flights throughout Russia, the CIS and the Middle East.
Its main base was Conakry International Airport.
The company was founded in 1995 out of Central Districts Airlines and the Aeroflot Belgorod Division.
Service was flown from Philadelphia, New York City, Washington, DC and much of the northeast U.S..
Passenger air charter services are also operated under the Air Charter Express brand, using Embraer EMB-120 and Beechcraft King Air aircraft.
Jetstar Airways Pty Ltd, trading as Jetstar, is an Australian low-cost airline headquartered in Melbourne.
The airline made its first flight in April 2005.
Based at Sandefjord Airport, Torp, it operated four Dornier Do 228s and served eight scheduled destinations in 2001.
Air Vermont was a commuter airline in the United States based in Morrisville, Vermont.
The company also has its own 23 hectare heliport, the 100-room hostel on-site, dining room, Mi-8 hangar, helicopter filling station and a certified aircraft maintenance base.
In February 2012, Ryan furloughed Pilots, Flight Attendants and support staff.
Japan Airlines, J-Air, JAL Express, and Japan Transocean Air are members of the Oneworld airline alliance network.
Jordan Aviation is an IATA member and an IOSA certificated airline.
Flyjet was a charter airline based at London Luton Airport, United Kingdom.
During the war ABA had a courier flight between Stockholm and Scotland.
It operated charter flights to destinations in Europe, Africa, the Far East, South America and the Middle East.
After failing to re-finance itself the company ceased trading on the 8 September 2008, leaving many passengers stranded in and around Spain.
Its main base is Frankfurt Airport with smaller bases at several other airports throughout Germany.
Its first scheduled service connected Skien with Oslo, but lasted only year after the October 1998 start-up.
Sold to the province's government in 1947, M&C was renamed Saskatchewan Government Airways.
Compañía de Aviación Faucett, colloquially known simply as Faucett Perú or Faucett, was a Peruvian airline.
The airline was founded in 1987 and serves the Bahamas and southeastern Florida.
Flights to Southampton were due to start on 2 July 2007.
Saeaga Airlines Sdn Bhdwas a regional airline operator, which operated in Sabah, Malaysia.
In 2016, BA Cityflyer also began operations from London Stansted Airport.
Elbee Airlines was India's first all-cargo airline based in Mumbai, India.
The airline has its main hub at Dushanbe International Airport, and it retains a secondary focus point at Khujand's Khudzhand Airport.
It operated domestic passenger and cargo services.
East African Safari Air is an airline based in Kenya.
But in October, Swissair went bankrupt, unable to make all scheduled payments.
This helicopter company is one of the two airlines in Monaco.
A new Aeromarine West Indies Airways was incorporated in 2007.
Founded in 2009 that operates regular charter flights.
Rio Airways briefly operated code sharing flights on behalf of Delta Air Lines whereby Rio flights were booked and sold under the Delta Connection brand name.
In the late 1990s, ACES modernized its fleet acquiring brand-new Airbus A320 aircraft that replaced its Boeing 727s.
Skybus was an attempt to create a privately owned commercial airline in New Zealand during the 1970s, a time of state-owned public transport.
Eagle Aviation France was a charter airline based in Saint-Nazaire, France.
All flights were suspended in September 2, 2005 due to financial problems.
Palau Trans Pacific was an airline based in Koror, Palau.
JetMagic's customer service desk at Cork Airport remained unoccupied since then, and is absent from the new terminal.
The airline began as a sister company to, and operated feeder service for, Frontier Airlines.
It ceased operations on 14 January 2008.
Scanair was a charter airline of Danish origins that operated between 1961 and 1994.
It operates unscheduled passenger services throughout the Falkland Islands.
Because of financial problems, it ceased operations in 2004.
Its head office is located in the South Terminal of Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, British Columbia.
Skyways Coach-Air, which had remained a separate entity following the sale of sister airline Skyways Ltd to Euravia, got into financial difficulties in 1970.
Its Air Canada Express operations serve 79 destinations in Canada and the United States.
Mancassola, an Italian citizen, controlled 15% of the company.
LyddAir is a British airline based at Lydd Airport, Kent, United Kingdom.
Zoom Airlines Ltd was a British scheduled, low-fare, transatlantic airline, the sister company to Zoom Airlines Inc. based in Canada.
The contract will initially run for three years and involve mainly long haul flights from Glasgow, Manchester and London Stansted Airport.
Ultimate Air Shuttle is an airline based in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The airline operates scheduled FAR part 121 passenger service between Guam, Rota and Saipan using a 30-seat Shorts 360 aircraft.
It also had a single international service to Gothenburg, and from 1999 it served Stord Airport, Sørstokken.
During the summer months, the company offers domestic services across Canada as well as services to European cities.
Med-View Airline Plc was listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange on January 31, 2017.
Zoom Airlines Inc. was a Canadian low-fare scheduled transatlantic airline with its headquarters in the Place Bell Canada building in Ottawa, Ontario.
The company operates in different countries and has bases worldwide.
The company currently operates from several main bases across the Indonesian archipelago.
Air Japan uses the All Nippon call sign on all flights except the Seoul Incheon and Narita-Honolulu routes which use the Air Japan call sign.
Rediske Air is a small airline operating out of Alaska.
A city centre check-in facility for BUA's scheduled passengers opened in London Victoria station in late-April 1962.
Owned by Snorre and Reidun Kjetilson, the airline was established in 1954 in Drammen.
Its headquarters were at Washington National Airport in Arlington County, Virginia.
It was based at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport, Nairobi.
It operated regional scheduled, charter and cargo services, as well as air taxi flights.
With the Danish airlines deregulated in 1995, Maersk first sought to compete with Scandinavian Airlines.
It was established in 2002 and operated scheduled passenger service between Benin and Paris in France out of Cadjehoun Airport until the end of 2003.
It was established in 1981 but suspended operations in 1984.
It operates air taxi services and aerial work.
However, the airline continued to cut back service, providing charter, ceasing operations in 1989.
At the time of closure, the airline's fleet was made up of Saab 340 A/B and Bombardier CRJ200 aircraft.
JSC National Air Carrier "Kyrgyzstan Airlines" was the national airline of Kyrgyzstan, with its head office on the grounds of Manas International Airport in Bishkek.
Ansett became an icon and greatly contributed to the advancement of aviation within Australia during its 66-year life.
Transwede Airways AB, trading as Transwede, was a charter airline based at Göteborg Landvetter Airport in Landvetter, Härryda Municipality, near Gothenburg.
It operates commuter services to several communities in the Northwest Territories, and charter services.
Karat was an airline based in Moscow, Russia.
It operates international charter flights from Podgorica and Tivat to neighbouring countries.
It is also the parent of air rescue company Tyrol Air Ambulance.
For the cargo airline based in Billings, Montana, United States, see Corporate Air.
Paramount Airways was an airline based in Chennai, India.
Zimbabwe Express Airlines was an airline from Zimbabwe, that was operational between 1994 and 1999.
Japan Airlines Co., Ltd., is the flag carrier airline of Japan and the second largest in the country behind All Nippon Airways.
air2there is an airline in New Zealand.
The service to Notodden started in 2000; a Cessna 441 was acquired in 2003, and from 2006 the company has used two Beechcraft.
Sultan Air was a charter airline from Turkey that operated from July 1989 until November 1993.
Air Dream was a short-lived charter airline based in Cambodia.
It operated executive passenger and sports flight charters.
Up is a low-cost brand of Israeli airline El Al.
Its sister airline, OLT Express Regional, filed for bankruptcy on 27 July 2012 after its licence was suspended by the Polish Aviation Authority.
The Allegheny Commuter System created by Allegheny Airlines pioneered the practice of code sharing by smaller air carriers with larger airlines.
TASA – Transportes Aéreos Sul-Americanos was a Brazilian airline founded in 1948.
Other routes being evaluated include New Caledonia, Tonga, Solomon Islands, Fiji and the Northern Cook Islands.
Nonstop service is operated with BAe Jetstream propjets between Victoria and Austin and Houston Intercontinental.
Air Odisha Aviation Private Limited is an Indian air charter company based in Bhubaneswar, India.
This made the Cayzer family, who owned B&C, the controlling shareholders.
Heli Air Services is a charter airline based in Sofia, Bulgaria.
Its main base was M. R. Štefánik Airport, Bratislava.
Air Manas is a low-cost airline based in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan.
Donaldson International Airlines was a British charter airline from 1968 to 1974.
The company started operations as Air Charter Express in 2007 with a Douglas DC-8-63/AF.
Eastar Jet is a low-cost airline with its headquarters in Banghwa-dong, Gangseo-gu, Seoul, South Korea.
Challenger pilots flew thousands of passengers who had been immobilized by roof-high snow drifts which blocked highways and railroads over much of the state.
Oceanair was a regional airline that was based at Puerto Rico International Airport in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
It was a regional carrier operating a scheduled domestic network and regional flights to neighbouring countries.
MAT Airways was an airline based in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.
Air Manila was a domestic airline in the Philippines.
Global International Airways, formed in 1981, was an airline company based in Kansas City, Missouri.
The company was headquartered in Büren, Westphalia and had its operational base at nearby Paderborn Lippstadt Airport.
It was established in 2000 and started operations in November 2000.
The airline's inaugural service in early 2013 offered West Coast flights between Silicon Valley and the Los Angeles area.
North Central's headquarters were moved to Minneapolis–St.
Its main base was Gan International Airport.
It is an air charter company based in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.
The engineering facility was closed in July 2008 in order to raise more funds to keep the airline running.
Golden Pacific Airlines was founded in 1981 in Kingman, Arizona and operated a fleet of 8-passenger Cessna 402 aircraft.
Aeromak was a planned airline based in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.
Transair Georgia was an airline based in Georgia.
Rocky died March 6, 1951 at age 46 of a heart attack.
For the Dallas, Texas, based airline that flew in 1978, see Kitty Hawk Airways.
Silverline Helicopters Inc. is a Canadian helicopter operator based in Holland Landing, at the Holland Landing Airpark, Ontario Canada.
It is a certified U.S. FAA part 121 supplemental cargo carrier and is one of only two U.S.-based cargo airlines operating the 777F.
The airline is on the list of air carriers banned in the European Union.
Its main base is HAL Bangalore International Airport.
Great Lakes Airlines was a large United Express feeder carrier from 1992 through 2002 operating to over 100 cities.
Its predecessor was formed in 1946 as Mercer Airlines and, when DeWight W. Mercer sold the company, was renamed Pacific American in 1976.
Yeti Airlines will become the second operator of these aircraft in the nation after Buddha Air.
It also operates various charter flights in Iceland and Greenland, to Svalbard and other arctic regions.
Its main base was Hamburg Airport, with further bases at Friedrichshafen Airport, Munich Airport and Saarbrücken Airport.
The company is headquartered in the No.1 Freight Depot of the International Shipping Center of Bao'an International Airport in Bao'an District, Shenzhen, Guangdong province.
JSC "2nd Sverdlovsk Air Enterprise"(Russian: ОАО «Второе Свердловское авиапредприятие») was a second level airline based in Yekaterinburg, Russia.
Nations Air's CEO Mark McDonald discontinued scheduled service and, instead, used his 737s to service Atlantic City and Gulfport/Biloxi hotel and casino markets.
Pacific Pearl Airways has also inquired about space at Mactan-Cebu International Airport to commence service from Cebu to various Asian countries and Regional Philippine Destinations.
It operates services to the CIS countries and the Middle East.
Maldivian is the airline division of Island Aviation Services based in Malé, in the Maldives.
Its main hub is Juanda International Airport, Surabaya, East Java.
The plane is also used for tourism and offers tours throughout Palau's Rock Islands.
It was formed as a subsidiary of Central African Airways in June 1964, but became an independent corporation on 1 September 1967.
YAT grew from a small operation out of Pompano Beach to a fleet of 4 Cessna 402Cs, all painted in yellow with a white/black checkerboard tail.
The airline's European hub is based at Liege Airport in Belgium.
Japan Asia Airways, Co., Ltd. is a defunct subsidiary of Japan Airlines which existed between 1975 and 2008.
They rebranded and became Northeast Express Regional Airlines and became a Northwest Airlines codeshare affiliate dba Northwest Airlink.
ACE Freighters was a British cargo airline from 1964 to 1966.
Ltd. was an airline based in Kathmandu, Nepal.
The airline had been in Chapter 11 Bankruptcy since November 7, 2005.
Established as air taxi provider ModiLuft in 1994, the company was acquired by Indian entrepreneur Ajay Singh in 2004 and re-christened as SpiceJet.
The rapid expansion of British Caledonian suffered a temporary setback during the recession following in the wake of the 1973 oil crisis.
Paul, Omaha, Phoenix, St. Louis, Salt Lake City, Tucson and Washington D.C. and was operating an all DC-9 jet fleet.
In 2014, Meridian's fleet of DC-8's were among all planes of that type grounded by the Ghana government.
Air Togo was an airline headquartered in Lomé in Togo.
AirAsia India is an Indian low cost carrier headquartered in Chennai, India.
It was promoted by the Damania brothers, Parvez and Vispi.
Kalinga Airlines was a private airline based in Calcutta, India.
The company did not survive the recession of the early 1980s and operated its last flight on 5 February 1982, the day it went bankrupt.
It operated a fleet of ex-passenger Ilyushin Il-62M aircraft with a maintenance base capable of maintaining both the Il-62 and the Tupolev Tu-214.
DOT LT is an airline from Lithuania, that offers worldwide ACMI services using a small fleet of passenger and cargo aircraft.
LCI offices are located in Ireland, the United Kingdom, and Singapore.
Ukraine Air Alliance is an airline based in Kiev, Ukraine.
Southern Star Airlines was a domestic airline based in Juba, the capital and largest city of South Sudan.
Presidential is now a subsidiary of Aviation Worldwide Services.
Both airlines had a similar color scheme from the beginning, usually blue and white, or with a blue tail.
Avantair operated the largest fleet of Piaggio P180 aircraft in the world with a total fleet size of 56 aircraft as of June 2012.
MAP Linhas Aéreas is a domestic airline based in Manaus, Brazil, founded in 2011 authorized to operate regular and non-regular charter flights within Brazil.
Channel Air Bridge was a private British independent airline specialising in cross-Channel vehicle-cum-passenger ferry services.
Air Charter Bahamas is an air charter airline based in Miami Springs, Florida, which operates in the Bahamas doing Charter Flights.
Norfolk Island Airlines Limited was a regional airline based on Norfolk Island which operated services to the Australian mainland from Norfolk and Lord Howe Islands.
Trans Anguilla Airways is an air charter airline operating to and from Clayton J. Lloyd International Airport to points in the Caribbean.
The airline entered the jet age in 1960 with de Havilland's DH106 Comet 4B.
Sverigeflyg was the main brand for the seven Swedish regional airlines Blekingeflyg, Flysmaland, Golden Air, Gotlandsflyg, Kalmarflyg, Kullaflyg, and Sundsvallsflyg.
The airline transported almost 2.4 million passengers in 2015, with an average load factor of 70%.
A small collection of Douglas C-47 and DC-3 were Aerolíneas de El Salvador's main fleet.
ARP 410 Airlines) is an airline based in Kiev, Ukraine.
The carrier is an open joint stock company that operates domestic and international passenger and services, mainly from its hub at Sheremetyevo International Airport.
Its main hub is at Riga International Airport with further bases at Tallinn Airport and Vilnius Airport.
is the state-owned national airline of Angola.
The company held a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence.
It was started as a joint venture between Clive E. Roberson and Rudolph P. Scheerer.
Its main base was Vienna International Airport.
Skylan Airways flights in Kingston arrived and departed from the Norman Manley International Airport, General Aviation Centre.
It is a sister company of LATAM Cargo México, LATAM Cargo Chile and LATAM Cargo Colombia.
Further enquiries found that "pilot bullying, deliberate rule breaking and corner cutting were amongst the unsafe practices".
It suspended its operations on 15 December 2006, leaving more than 330,000 passengers stranded in Latin America and Spain.
Until December 2011, Kingfisher Airlines had the second largest share in India's domestic air travel market.
Malindo Airways Sdn Bhd is a Malaysian  airline with headquarters in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.
TAC is a charter airline based at Alfonso Bonilla Aragón International Airport in Cali, Colombia.
On 22 July 2009, ENAC announced a suspension of MyAir's licence effective 00:01 on 24 July.
Its main base is Entebbe International Airport.
Heli Air Monaco is the flag carrier of Monaco.
The airline's initial services were between Adelaide and Broken Hill.
Its main base is Vaskovo Airport, Arkhangelsk.
It plans to lease or purchase 7 Boeing or Airbus aircraft.
In 2010, the company had its licence revoked, but it was re-issued on 31 January 2011.
It operates jet aircraft as a subsidiary of Delta Air Lines.
Legend operated nonstop flights from Love Field, Dallas, Texas, USA during 2000 to destinations in southern California, Nevada, New York and Virginia.
It served passengers, but was based on US airmail contract until US government limited who could carry US mail.
Atlas Blue was a subsidiary of Royal Air Maroc, operating chartered and scheduled services to Europe.
Eram Air was an Iranian charter airline based in Tabriz, Iran.
Grand China Air was owned by 23 shareholders.
It is a privately owned airline operating scheduled flights to destinations mainly in Europe.
The carriers operate 7 days a week between Eugene F. Correia International Airport and Zorg en Hoop Airport.
The planes are intended for Fiji Airways' regional services to Australia, New Zealand, Hawaii, Kiribati, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga and Vanuatu.
Bavaria Germanair was an airline that came into being following the merger of Bavaria Fluggesellschaft and Germanair on 1 January 1977.
During its period as TAA, the company played a major part in the development of the Australian domestic air transport industry.
City Connexion Airlines was an airline based in Burundi.
It was established in 1929, operates domestic charter services and is associated with TACA.
Major scope of work is to support the Abu Dhabi oil and gas governmental sectors.
The airline ceased operations on 7 March 2007, after a decision was made to halt all flights because of overcapacity in the Quebec market.
Caricom Airways, which stands for Caribbean Commuter Airways, is a regional airline from the Caribbean, with the headquarters of the company at Paramaribo, Suriname.
In December 1994 GAP Komiavia was founded by Chernov.
Fifteen people were killed, including the world-famous tango singer Carlos Gardel.
Flights in Micronesia are operated as United Express flights through a code share partnership with United Airlines.
The Nobil Air air operators certificate permits the transport of passengers.
It is a sister company of LATAM Cargo México, LATAM Cargo Chile and LATAM Cargo Colombia.
Its head office is on the grounds of Sde Dov Airport in Tel Aviv, Israel.
Wolverine Air is a charter airline operating out of Fort Simpson, Northwest Territories.
Línea Turística Aereotuy is an airline based in Caracas, Venezuela.
