signaled a departure from previous albums through Wilson's increasingly sophisticated, orchestral approach and the abandonment of themes related to surfing, cars, or teenage love.
The single also reached the Top 20 in several countries and represents the last big hit for the Alan Parsons Project.
It was their final album for Maranatha!
It was their second album to bear a foreign language title after the band's 1978 debut album Outlandos d'Amour.
Van Halen started work on the album in September 1987 and completed it in April 1988, just one month before its release.
The Supremes A' Go-Go is the ninth studio album released by Motown singing group The Supremes in 1966.
Eventually, the release of this album was supported by a brief tour of North America.
Room on Fire received positive reviews upon release.
"Power and the Glory", recorded with a fife and drum corps
Performances of "Dreamlover" and "Hero" from this concert were later used for audio release as official live versions on commercial/promo singles.
Sheik Yerbouti is a double album by Frank Zappa made up of material recorded in 1977 and 1978.
Other musicians on the recording include Nicky Hopkins, Klaus Voormann, Bobby Keys and Peter Frampton.
The album would later be remastered and released as a three-disc vinyl set in 2016, limited to only 600 copies.
The album was also released in a clean version, which removes mostly all of the profanities used on the explicit version and any drug references.
Ærø is one of the Danish Baltic Sea islands, and part of the Southern Denmark Region.
The theme of the show was Let's Get Loud, standing for the new generation on the stage.
It was released on Asylum Records in October 1975.
The Best of 1980–1990 is the first greatest hits compilation by Irish rock band U2, released in November 1998.
The album was compiled by Beatles manager Allen Klein.
Velvet Chain Live at the Temple Bar is the third album by Velvet Chain, released in December 2000 under the Freak Records label.
It was also their first album since 1985's Bites without the support of deceased keyboardist Dwayne Goettel.
It is named after the Handsworth district of Birmingham, England, the band's home district to which the album was dedicated.
Last 3 tracks were added during its released in 1993.
Shimmy Disc was an influential New York City based record label founded in 1987 by Mark Kramer.
The Cross of Changes was a commercial success.
The album was also a success on another Billboard component chart, the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, where it peaked within the top 20 at number seventeen.
The album was re-released by Epitaph Records on September 15, 2008.
The album was not released until 1967; however, recording began on 10 July 1966, with a few advance singles appearing around that time.
Released in 1992, it stimulated much controversy with the songs "Bush Killa" and "Coffee, Donuts & Death,".
It was released on MCA Records on April 30, 2002.
A live concert video of "Scorpio Rising" was produced and received a moderate amount of airplay on MTV.
In other words, there's not just one meaning, it's just food for thought," says singer Brandon Boyd.
The 18-track concept album details the cross-country travels of Scarlet, a character loosely based on Amos, as well as the concept of America post-September 11, 2001.
Moving away from their early glam metal roots in previous albums, it introduced a more "rock n roll" driven groove to Bon Jovi's sound.
Released by RCA Records in 1997, the album was a worldwide hit.
There are two versions of their first album, Extension of the Wish.
Welcome to Sunny Florida is the name of a DVD and CD set released by singer/songwriter Tori Amos in 2004.
Lazy Line Painter Jane was Belle & Sebastian's second EP, released in 1997 on Jeepster Records.
XO is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith.
Commercially, the album was a success, debuting at number three on the Billboard 200 and being certified platinum.
It has sold over 150,000 copies in the UK.
A 40-second track called "Space Odyssey" segues into "Wild Mountain Honey".
It includes several previously released songs re-recorded as acoustic versions, as well as three new acoustic tracks.
Sayer's version of the song was certified a gold record by the RIAA.
The album was released in 1980 via Go Feet Records in the UK.
This album launched Lifehouse into the limelight, and produced many radio-friendly hits.
It was their last album until their 1996 comeback and the last album to feature the vocalist and keyboard player Max Carl.
It was recorded at Le Studio in Morin-Heights, Quebec and McClear Place in Toronto, Ontario with Rupert Hine returning as producer.
The album was recorded on singer/guitarist Greg Keelor's farm in Southern Ontario in July 1993.
It is a concept album telling the story of a fictional rock star named Ziggy Stardust.
Ten New Songs is Leonard Cohen's tenth studio album, released in 2001.
It reached #144 on the US charts and has sold 373,000 copies since its release.
Side B was recorded at the Bell Sound Studio in New York City with a full orchestra and represented the singing side of the boys.
Automatic for the People is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band R.E.M., released on October 5, 1992 by Warner Bros. Records.
The set included the band's first six studio albums, all digitally remastered.
It was released on 4 October 1999 through Epic Records.
Heaven'z Movie is the first solo album by the rapper Bizzy Bone, released on October 6, 1998.
The album was released on July 26, 2011 by Nuclear Blast Records.
"Loverboy" served as the first single from the album and quickly became Carey's lowest charting lead single globally.
The other songs were taken from The Jackson 5 releases to pad the album's running time.
Track 10 is a Japanese translation of track 3.
The title is a play on the figure of speech "the blind leading the blind."
Segundas Partes Tambien Son Buenas is a 2002 album by Franco De Vita released on the Universal label.
It was released on December 4, 2001, on compact disc and DVD.
The Wall has since been recognized as one of the most famous concept albums of all time.
The Cactus Al/Bum is the debut album by hip hop trio 3rd Bass, released on Def Jam Recordings on November 14, 1989.
Both the Chapman cover and the Social Distortion cover were chosen as the first and second singles respectively.
Gahan first played with the idea of releasing a solo album after the release of Depeche Mode's Exciter in 2001, but approached the project slowly.
The DVD featured a surround sound mix of the album along with animations, commentary by Mario Caldato Jr. and remixes.
It was released on January 10, 1977, through Sire Records, with the expanded CD being released through Rhino Entertainment on June 19, 2001.
The song "Glass House" earned DiFranco a Grammy Award nomination for Rock Female Vocalist.
It only managed to reach number 112 on the US Billboard 200; however, it was eventually certified platinum.
So session bassist Brad Cobb took Gaines' place while recording the album.
A number that can be represented exactly is of the following form:
It is the 14th overall release by Insane Clown Posse.
The album was supported by two singles: "Ho", and "What's Your Fantasy".
produced by Jack Ruby, Man in the Hills is a simple and unadorned album, with songs that reminisce about Spear's childhood in St. Anne's Bay, Jamaica.
Instrument Soundtrack is a 1999 album by American post-hardcore band Fugazi.
Having a Rave Up with the Yardbirds, or simply Having a Rave Up, is the second American album by English rock group the Yardbirds.
In 1999, a 2-CD 'Remastered Version' with additional B-sides and demos was released, including detailed liner notes from all of the original members including Fish.
It was later re-released in 1990 as "The Early Years" with five additional tracks, including the singles "Unbeliever" and "Streetfight", originally issued on the German release.
Bill Stevenson recorded it over 13 days at the Blasting Room in Ft. Collins, Colorado.
Borrowed Heaven is the fourth studio album by Irish pop rock band The Corrs, released through Atlantic Records on 31 May 2004.
The album was the band's last release on the indie label Barsuk Records.
Coast to Coast Motel is the second album by G. Love & Special Sauce, released in 1995.
The re-release contains a new mix by Steven Wilson, along with recorded drums by Gavin Harrison that replace the electronic drums of the original version.
The cover art features the ELO logo, designed by Kosh, for the first time.
The album A Song Is a City debuted on the ARIA Australian top 50 album chart at number 2 on 24 May 2004.
It was an "unplugged" show, meaning that there were only acoustic instruments, i.e.
Stained Class was ranked as the greatest Judas Priest album on Stereogum.com, and was described by Steve Huey on Allmusic.com as “Judas Priest’s greatest achievement.”
The album is officially entitled simply W.A.S.P., which it is typically referred to as.
Solid State Survivor is the second album by Japanese electronic music band Yellow Magic Orchestra, released in 1979.
Life Won't Wait is the fourth studio album by the American punk rock band Rancid.
is a phonetic representation of Burns' delivery of "Thanks" after most numbers.
Outtakes and B-Sides included "Family Tree", "Worthless Heart", and "Watchin' The Rain".
These names were then added to the covers for later re-releases.
Recording sessions for the album took place during 2003, following Badu's period of writer's block and her performing on the Frustrated Artist Tour.
Hourly, Daily is an album by the Australian rock band, You Am I, released in July 1996.
It was their last studio album before breaking up in 2000.
Transitioning towards a poppier sound, the album features some of BT's well-known hits, including "Somnambulist", "The Force of Gravity" and "Superfabulous".
Also the "title track" is actually named You've Got to Die for the Government.
Love Hysteria is the second album by the British solo artist Peter Murphy, formerly of the gothic rock band Bauhaus.
Enjoy Incubus is an EP by Incubus released on January 7, 1997 on Epic Records.
The album expanded the 2 tone sound of their self-titled debut to include lounge music and other influences.
The album peaked at #75 in the U.S. and #54 in the UK.
The cassette featured several longer edits compared to the vinyl version.
The Greater Wrong of the Right is the ninth studio album by Skinny Puppy.
The title is a palindrome, which is also a musical theme in the title track, according to the album's liner notes.
To promote the album, Enya made several interviews and televised performances, including the 2001 World Music Awards.
Satanic Panic in the Attic is the sixth album released by the band Of Montreal.
Production was handled by Buckwild, Lord Finesse, Showbiz and Craig Boogie.
It compiles songs from their Fat EP and the albums Milo Goes to College, I Don't Want to Grow Up, Enjoy!, and All.
Sympathy for the Devil features seven cover versions of the Rolling Stones song "Sympathy for the Devil" and one original Laibach track.
"Jealous Again", "Twice As Hard" and "Seeing Things" were also charting singles in the US.
A polycephalic organism may be thought of as one being with a supernumerary body part, or as two or more beings with a shared body.
Both original members, Nick Costello and Jim Fox, left the band prior to this release, to be replaced by Gary LaLonde and Barry Connors respectively.
In March 2005, Q magazine placed the track "At Home He's a Tourist" at number 52 in its list of the 100 Greatest Guitar Tracks.
A collection of the album's B-sides and video footage was released a year later on 18 B Sides + DVD.
The album contains some of the earliest recordings with guitarist Eric Clapton.
In 2004, Beatles '65 was issued on CD for the first time as part of The Capitol Albums, Volume 1 box set.
While Kiss of Heaven has been credited as the debut solo album of Darlene Zschech, it is not her first solo album.
"Walter Westinghouse" is an edited version of the song from the Babyfingers E.P.
This album featured a retrospective overview of the previous decade of the band's music.
It was Baez' eleventh album to date.
As the title indicates, the recording took place at the New York City music venue Fillmore East, which was run by concert promoter Bill Graham.
In 2003, the album was ranked number 168 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
Rehab Doll is the first and only studio album by the American rock band Green River.
It was released on July 27, 2004, on Sanctuary Records.
It is his third greatest hits collection.
It received generally favorable reviews from music critics.
It was eventually certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America, having shipped 500,000 copies in the United States.
", "Book of Days", which charted at number ten in the United Kingdom, and "Marble Halls".
In the latter territory, the album continued to sell over the next eight years, reaching four million copies shipped in 2005.
One in a Million was well received by most critics, including Rolling Stone, who named it the 90th best album of the 1990s.
It is the first to feature their new bassist, C.J.
Some of the songs on the second disc are early forms of songs on 1995's Wowee Zowee.
It reached number one in Australia, number two in New Zealand, and achieved top-five positions in several European countries.
All three of the song were used extensively in the media, appearing in various films and video games.
The single version of "Fight Test" was released on June 23, 2003, peaking at #28 in the UK Singles Chart.
Two singles with accompanying music videos were released from the album: "What a Life" and "Universal Heart-Beat".
and refers to bands such as The Nuckle Brothers, No Doubt, and Sublime; it is not included on the Mojo release.
The album features the track "Darlin'", a song from Bruce Johnston's band, The Beach Boys.
It was released on March 11, 1983, bolstered by the No.
The song was also featured in the film Opie Gets Laid.
New Jersey rapper Redman also makes a guest appearance on the album.
Their sixth international release, Back in Black was an unprecedented success: it has sold an estimated 50 million copies worldwide.
The Rose That Grew from Concrete is a posthumous album based on the poetry/writings of Tupac Amaru Shakur, released in 2000.
On top of that, he and Barker were not on good terms anymore, which prompted the latter to leave the band after the Animositisomina tour.
The album went multi-platinum in the U.S.
The picture on the album cover was taken by Robert Freeman, as stated on the back.
God Shuffled His Feet is the second album by the Crash Test Dummies, released in 1993.
Dopes to Infinity is the third album by New Jersey rock band Monster Magnet.
In 2008 it was re-released on a Riddle Box vinyl record.
At the end of the track 8, all the songs from the album are played at once.
In December, 2009, the Portland Phoenix ranked Viva Nueva!
"In The Neighborhood" was released as a single, backed with "Don't Cry, Mrs. Davis".
Tracks 1, 2 and 4 were remixed mainly acoustically for the album Plays Polmo Polpo, Sandro Perri's first album under his own name.
The album is also available in DVD format, titled Once More with Feeling: Videos 1996–2004, featuring all of the band's music videos.
Scott Lowe assisted in post production using delay and additional keyboards.
Like its predecessor, Exile on Main St., the band was forced to compose and record it outside of the United Kingdom due to tax legal issues.
It was produced and mixed by Dave Sardy.
St. Anger debuted at the top of sales charts in 14 countries, including the US Billboard 200.
The song remained unfamiliar to many who became fans only after their mainstream success in 1983 and after.
Any injury that results in trauma to the skull or brain can be classified as a head injury.
Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain: LA's Desert Origins is a double album by Pavement released on October 26, 2004.
The term pin-up may refer to drawings, paintings, and other illustrations as well as photographs.
Here Comes the Bride is the fourth studio album by American rock band Spin Doctors, released in 1999.
Boeses Junges Fleisch is an album recorded by the German industrial act Wumpscut.
The DVD also features a lengthy interview with Steve Miller, archive footage, never-before-seen photographs, and early demo recordings.
It was released on August 25, 1998, by Ruffhouse Records and Columbia Records.
It developed from the aborted Lifehouse project, a multi-media rock opera written by the group's Pete Townshend as a follow-up to the band's 1969 album Tommy.
The cover art was designed by Jesse LeDoux.
It was released in 1996 by Prime CD.
The album reached #65 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart in 1981.
The first album since the death of their lead guitarist, Criss Oliva, the music is often dark in reflection of brother Jon Oliva's loss.
It was recorded at Treasure Isle and Randy's, Kingston, Jamaica in 1975 and released in Jamaica in the same year.
Let the Boots Do the Talking is an anarcho-punk album, by the band Oi Polloi.
Writer and archivist Reuben Jackson of the Smithsonian Institution wrote: "it's still a landmark recording because it is of the rock, R&B, blues ... musical tradition.
The band's most recent album, Heretics, was released in September 2015.
High Gear is the first studio album by hard rock band Howe II, released in 1989 through Shrapnel Records.
The tracks of this album are also in alphabetical order.
Secret Samadhi is the third album by American rock band Live.
Quand on n'a que l'amour is the second studio album by Jacques Brel.
The album was dedicated to Dimebag Darrell who was murdered the year before.
A DVD featuring a live performance of The Decline was released on September 12, 2012.
It is nearly an hour of synthesizer and sample experimentation ending in a performance of the song "Eye Flys".
One song, "Hi Roller," was marked out in black ink with the annotation "Maybe Next Time".
It has been estimated that half a million people attended this outdoor concert, which was headlined by the Rolling Stones.
EP7 is an EP by the electronic music group Autechre, and was released by Warp Records.
It was certified 4× platinum by 2006.
Getting Away with Murder is the fourth album by the rock band Papa Roach.
Heavier Things is the second studio album by American musician John Mayer, released September 9, 2003 on Columbia Records in the United States.
1 on the Billboard 200 chart, selling more than 555,200 copies in its first week of release.
Obviously this was a bit of a research nightmare but it is a very interesting object to look at, especially if you have good near-field vision."
The album is the first to feature drummer Boris Williams.
The Speckless Sky is no longer available on CD, but can be obtained via the SHEEBA Log Cabin store.
Verlaine's lyrics combined urban and pastoral imagery, references to lower Manhattan, themes of adolescence, and influences from French poetry.
It was an inexpensively priced long-running EP issued mostly as a promotional tool for her album Sisters of Avalon, released the same year.
Angels Fall First is the debut studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish.
Two Kinds of Laughter is the sixth album by the American singer/songwriter Sara Hickman, released in 1998..
The album reached #24 on Billboard's Independent Albums Chart and #36 on the Heatseekers Chart.
The album took Eric San 4 years to record, more than the 6 months he originally told Ninja Tunes it would take.
It was widely praised for showing the band's maturation from their debut Your Favorite Weapon.
It's only four songs and fifteen minutes long.
MGM claimed that the album violated Zappa's contract with their subsidiary, Verve Records.
Blinman also recorded and mixed the album, with Brahl assisting with additional engineering.
The group's leaders, Walter Becker and Donald Fagen, accepted all four Grammys the album won, including Album of the Year.
An electric version of "I Ain't Marching Anymore", released as a single in the UK in 1966
Weapons of Mass Destruction is the fifth album by rapper Xzibit, released December 14, 2004.
The Ghost of Tom Joad is the eleventh studio album, and the second acoustic album, by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen.
Singles taken from the album included "Digging in the Dirt", "Steam", "Blood of Eden", and "Kiss That Frog".
Nursery Cryme is the third studio album from the English rock band Genesis, released in November 1971 on Charisma Records.
Recording sessions for the album took place at Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1972.
Following the album's release Richie went on a long hiatus, releasing his first album of entirely new material ten years later.
All four singles reached the Top 10 on the Billboard Latin music charts in the United States.
Several versions have appeared, including the original picture disc and black vinyl versions in 1988 on Temple Records, Fundamental Records and on pink marbled vinyl.
The album was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 2002 Juno Awards.
The CD-booklet can be reversed, to show either angels or demons on the cover.
It returned to the US albums chart again in 1972, 1974 and 1977, and has since been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
"For You Blue" begins with Moondog's "Crescent Moon March", which is subsequently used as a counter-melody.
Also, in November 1999, a second video of the concert titled The Other Side of Red Rocks was released.
I'm Your Fan: The Songs of Leonard Cohen is a tribute album to Leonard Cohen, released in 1991, produced by the French music magazine Les Inrockuptibles.
The album displayed harsher sound than its predecessor and lyrics that avoided hard rock cliches.
While later albums have a more political edge, Morbid Visions is notable for "Satanic" themes.
The album produced two singles: "Shallow" and "Lazarus".
1967–1970 made number 1 on the American Billboard chart and number 2 on the British Album Chart.
A charity record is a release of a song for a specific charitable cause.
...And Then There Were Three... is the ninth studio album by the English rock band Genesis.
The cover artwork was created by Drew Struzan for Pacific Eye & Ear.
The album has been in development since 2011, but was delayed by a feud that occurred between Havoc and Prodigy during 2012.
She felt that an uptempo song and a downtempo song were needed for the album.
It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album in 1987.
The tour that accompanied the Mole storyline, documented in Intermission: Extraneous Music from the Residents' Mole Show, was a financial disaster.
"Six Months in a Leaky Boat" also receives the full band treatment on Sharkbite Sessions.
Nevertheless, Rudess mimed playing the correct parts as he realized they would have to be re-recorded in during Post-Production.
Ghost Reveries is the eighth full-length album by Swedish heavy metal band Opeth.
1: Contemporary Sounds of Buenos Aires is a compilation CD released by Argentine independent label Constitution Music.
Standing on the Shoulder of Giants is the fourth studio album by English rock band Oasis, released on 28 February 2000 by Big Brother Records.
In 1989, several songs from Milli Vanilli's Europe-only release All or Nothing were repackaged and retitled Girl You Know It's True.
The CD booklet contains a discography, a band biography written by vocalist and band mastermind Tracy Howe, and Howe's comments to each track.
Ultimate Kylie was commended by contemporary critics who noted the musical and credible progression from the start of her career; some critics criticized the earlier material.
The majority of the songs for the album were written and composed by Geoff Bullock, the then Worship Pastor of Hillsong Church.
The album campaign was ended prematurely following financial losses from other artists on the Virgin label, despite its success.
It was released by Moonfog Productions in 2003.
Year of the Spider is the third studio album by American rock band Cold.
It was released worldwide on Nuclear Blast America in 1999.
Beach Boys Concert is the first live album by the Beach Boys, released in 1964.
The album was certified platinum July 20, 2004, becoming his third album to do so, after 400 Degreez and Tha G-Code.
The title was originally going to be The Dream is Dead, but it was supposedly changed because it suggested that the band may finally be ending.
It's Better to Travel is the debut album by the British pop band Swing Out Sister, released in 1987 on Mercury Records.
Breakfast in America became Supertramp's biggest-selling album with more than 6 million copies sold in the US alone and was No.
The Memory of Trees won Enya her second Grammy Award for Best New Age Album in 1997.
Critics noted the theme of independence and lack of restraint, dubbing the album a "party" record.
It was released on February 2, 1993 via Ruthless Records.
The Last Tour on Earth is a live album comprising recordings from Marilyn Manson's Mechanical Animals Tour, Beautiful Monsters Tour and Rock is Dead Tour.
Songs and Views of the Magnetic Garden is an album "performed, synthesized, recorded, and mixed by Alvin Curran."
The album consists of seven solo tracks and five band tracks.
Gilbert Hotel is a 2003 solo album by Paul Gilbert formerly of the heavy metal band Racer X and the hard rock band Mr. Big.
This usage of the word dates to 1911.
The cover of the album was taken June 8, 2002 at Avalon in Boston, MA during the "Ben Folds and a Piano" tour.
It was released on August 11, 1998 on A&M Records.
The album was released on K Records on 3 February 1998 on vinyl LP and compact disc.
The album was certified multi-platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of 1.2 million and five million copies, respectively.
Spiritual Machines is the fourth studio album by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace, released by Columbia Records in December 2000.
It was reissued on CD in 2001.
In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3 is the second studio album by rock quartet Coheed and Cambria.
It has sold 3.3 million units in the United States and was certified three-times Platinum by the RIAA.
This album represented a change in the sound and the style of Infected Mushroom, and has influences of industrial and ambient music.
It was released in 2004 labelled "Blue Thumb Records", by Universal Music Spain S.L.
The project appeared on multiple charts worldwide, though failed to duplicate the success it had in North America.
Tom Cochrane & Red Rider is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock band Red Rider, released on May 7, 1986.
Definitely Maybe went straight to number one in the UK Albums Chart on initial release.
It was the last Soundgarden album to feature the band's original bassist, Hiro Yamamoto.
The first track, "Subterranean Homesick Blues", became Dylan's first single to chart in the US, peaking at #39.
The drumming position was filled by Tom Gomes.
The record reached number 16 in the UK Albums Chart.
According to AllMusic, Silver Side Up continued Nickelback's tradition of "dark high-octane rock" from the band's first two albums.
Released as the follow-up to the duo's 1996 album ATLiens, Aquemini expands on the previous record's outer space-inspired compositions by incorporating live instrumentation.
As usual, Bob Mould and Grant Hart individually wrote tracks on the album.
It was chosen by the Library of Congress to be preserved in the National Recording Registry in 2005.
Gary Wright, David Foster, Jim Keltner, Jesse Ed Davis, Leon Russell, Tom Scott, Billy Preston and Jim Horn were among the many contributing musicians.
The album is made up of 50% material left over from their debut, Welcome to the Infant Freebase, and 50% new material.
The album was released by Casablanca Records in 1980 and was produced by George Clinton and Ron Dunbar.
The album is the band's second live release, following Trouble – Norwegian Live EP from 2001.
It has been certified gold by the BPI.
At Carnegie Hall is a jazz live album by the Dave Brubeck Quartet.
In 1990, he recorded a collaboration album with his brother, Jimmie Vaughan, called Family Style; later that year, Stevie Ray Vaughan died in a helicopter crash.
and on "I Got You Babe" he sings both baritone and falsetto, alternating between the two.
The albums spawned three singles: "A Movie Script Ending", "I Was a Kaleidoscope", and "We Laugh Indoors".
He left the band soon after the album's release to become a vicar.
It was released on October 15, 1987, by Relativity Records.
Chennai is nicknamed "The Detroit of India", with more than one-third of India's automobile industry being based in the city.
It was originally released on CD and 12" vinyl formats and re-released on CD in 1997 with additional tracks, and once again on vinyl in 2002.
was met with generally positive reviews from music critics, and received a total of six Grammy Award nominations, including Album of the Year.
Rhythm guitarist Brad Whitford also left during the recording in 1981.
Pieces of You is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Jewel, released on February 28, 1995 by Atlantic Records.
An animated music video was made for the song “1, 2, 3…Slam!” and played on local punk rock and skateboarding video programs.
Miniature Golf Courses of America is a 7" single released by American ska punk band Five Iron Frenzy in 1998 on Asian Man Records.
The album peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry.
It was the band's first collaboration with producer Brendan O'Brien, and their first album with drummer Dave Abbruzzese.
71, and "Kiss Like Ether" at No.
The term is derived from the Greek stems poly meaning "many" and kephalē meaning "head".
Parker is a multi-instrumentalist, having played keyboards, clarinet, saxophone, trumpet, trombone, and a number of other instruments from an early age.
As with Farina's house mixes, the Mushroom Jazz series incorporates transitional effects and a generally dry reverb tone.
The album is noted for being the only one in the band's catalogue to not have charted in the top 10 in Sweden.
The Elektra band broke up after the release of the album and Hot Water Music continued to produce records under their original name.
In October 2010, it was listed in the book 100 Best Australian Albums.
Following the announcement that Zevon had terminal lung cancer, Capitol Records put out a remastered version of the album in early 2003.
It included a bonus disc featuring some of the band's best covers.
Ray of Light won four Grammy Awards from a total of six nominations.
Nattens madrigal – Aatte hymne til ulven i manden is the third studio album by Norwegian band Ulver, issued on 3 March 1997 via Century Media.
"Desperately Wanting" also narrowly missed the Billboard Top 40, peaking at #48.
Verbal Remixes & Collaborations is an EP released by Amon Tobin in 2003.
2 on both UK & US charts and went on to sell over 7.5 million copies worldwide.
It was released in 1990 and it is considered by some people to be the band's first album.
Jazz Samba is a bossa nova album by Stan Getz and Charlie Byrd released by Verve Records in 1962.
In 1977 an animated version, narrated by Spike Milligan, using the song "Moonshadow", was a segment in Fantastic Animation Festival.
"Poor Richard," "Jewish," and "All the Same" feature double track lead breaks by guitarist Randy California.
It was Young's first live album, and was recorded with The Stray Gators on the tour following 1972's highly successful Harvest.
In late November 2014, Steve Roach was selected as Echoes Radio's #1 Artist  and Structures from Silence was voted as the #2 album.
However, this song was never released as a single.
Drummer Mike Portnoy collapsed following the conclusion of the show.
More Specials was a hit in the two-tone movement, a late-1970s revival of Jamaican ska from the 1960s.
The album's opening track, "Reach for the Sky", was released in late 2004 and became one of Social Distortion's biggest hits.
The EP peaked #129 on the Billboard 200.
This Left Feels Right is an album featuring new versions of Bon Jovi songs from previous albums.
Around the same time in 1992, Hollywood Records re-released Greatest Hits in an effort to make it a companion collection with Classic Queen.
It is also the title of the opening track called "Adiemus" on the first album in the series, Songs of Sanctuary.
Praise centred on its erotic, intimate mood and sonic experimentation.
The title is an approximate pronunciation of the French phrase "prends ton manteau", which means "take your coat".
This album was not included in the 2006 remasterings of the group's back catalogue.
The album is set in a surreal, alternative universe in which the United States is split up into separate, hostile countries.
The album features cover artwork by Anne Stokes which portrays fetuses in orange and green tubes with the labels "racist", "prophet", "anarchist", "humanitarian", "psychopath", "dictator", etc.
In the USA, the album was not issued under the name Mr.
The album was an immediate commercial success, peaking within the top ten in over twenty national charts throughout Europe, Australasia and South America.
Seeking inspiration from Fleetwood Mac, ZZ Top began recording the album at Robin Hood Studios in Tyler, Texas.
The album produced three charting singles, "Anyone Can Play Guitar", "Stop Whispering", and perhaps the band's most well-known hit on mainstream radio, "Creep".
It was revised and re-released as Neu '86 in 2010.
The album features a transition towards hip hop and includes the singles "Godspeed", "Dreaming", and in the US, "Never Gonna Come Back Down".
It became the most successful single for both artists and made Soulja Slim one of the only artists to top the charts posthumously.
King Arthur received mostly positive reviews, though some labelled it a symbol of progressive rock excess.
The album was originally conceived as a double album, but their record company disagreed.
The Great Awakening received a nomination to the 54th Grammy Awards for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album.
It remains Enya's highest selling album of her career.
However, in 2001 some of its recordings appeared in Mjötviður til Fóta, a CD to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the creation of Þeyr.
Born in the U.S.A. is the seventh studio album by American rock singer-songwriter Bruce Springsteen.
Crunk Juice is the 5th studio album by American hip hop group Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz, released in November 16, 2004, on TVT/BME.
Girls Can Tell, up to December 2009, has sold slightly fewer than 100,000 copies, according to Nielsen Soundscan.
In computing, floating-point arithmetic is arithmetic using formulaic representation of real numbers as an approximation so as to support a trade-off between range and precision.
The title is a paraphrase of "The World According to Garp" - the novel by John Irving.
The album was also released on SACD and DualDisc with 5.1 Surround mixes.
In Light Syrup is an album of B-sides and rare tracks by Toad the Wet Sprocket, released in 1995.
The album moved around 12,000 copies in its first week of release to debut at #131 on The Billboard 200 album chart.
The Help Album is a 1995 charity album devoted to the War Child charity's aid efforts in war-stricken areas, such as Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Five Guys Walk into a Bar... has received a largely positive response from critics since its release.
Critical reaction to the album has been positive as well, with the The Rolling Stone Album Guide praising the feel-good, party atmosphere of the songs.
Beautiful Midnight is the third album released by the Matthew Good Band.
Your Turn to Fall is the seventh Jandek album, and was released as Corwood 0745.
The album uses live instrumentation and incorporates elements of dance, funk, gospel, and soul into a more general pop style.
Dead Cities, Red Seas & Lost Ghosts is the second studio album by the French electronic group M83.
Plastique Nouveau is a collection of Bis remixes, b-sides and bonus tracks previously exclusive to the UK version of Return To Central.
Red House Painters is the second album by the group Red House Painters, released on May 24, 1993 by 4AD.
It reached #1 in the United Kingdom, and #16 in Australia.
Due to complications with Electric Six's former record label, Rushmore did not release the album in North America.
The EP sold out, and is now considered a collector's item.
This album differs greatly from later Dead Can Dance releases in its incorporation of post-punk and gothic rock musical styles.
It was recorded in 1984 at the Hammersmith Odeon in London and in Oxford.
"Reign of Terror" was recorded during The New Order sessions in 1987-1988, but did not appear on that album.
The video for "Good Mother", directed by Jeth Weinrich, won the Juno Award for Video of the Year at the 1996 Juno Awards.
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 with the highest first-week sales of Carey's career at the time.
The band was also considering touring America, and Hutchings was reluctant to make the trip.
Choose Love is the fourteenth studio album by Ringo Starr, released in 2005.
The recurring theme throughout is the suffering of women.
The songs were recorded at different shows.
Kveldssanger is the second studio album by Norwegian band Ulver, issued in March, 1996 via Head Not Found.
After this album was released, Social Distortion left Restless / Enigma Records in 1989 and moved to Epic Records for their self-titled album.
The cover art has icons for each member of the trio: an airplane, a pair of pants, and a jacket.
The music on Even Worse is built around parodies and pastiches of pop and rock music of the mid-1980s.
One single, "Lonely Wind", was released from the album.
"The Door" and "The Road" were re-recorded for this album.
Ultramega OK is the debut studio album by American rock band Soundgarden.
Spears stated she was an autobiographical songwriter, although not to the point where she felt self-exploited.
The Soapbox Spectacle is a 2000 EP released by the Chicago-area rock band Lucky Boys Confusion.
Stereotomy marks the final appearance of David Paton on bass; he went on to join Elton John's touring band.
To date, the record has sold over five million copies worldwide.
Three songs recorded at the latter sessions remain unreleased: "There!
The album was a moderate commercial success, reaching number 70 on the American Billboard 200 album chart and selling over a million copies worldwide.
It was certified Diamond, Multi-Platinum, Platinum and Gold around the world.
It was a self-financed cassette and record distributed privately.
The songs are all instrumental pieces, except for occasional non-English vocals, and mostly comprise short musical vignettes.
This EP was only made available in Japan and Germany.
Beatles VI reached number one in Billboard for six weeks, beginning on 10 July 1965.
"Lozin' Must" was released as the album's single, with an accompanying music video.
The album was re-released in the UK in 2004 with two extra tracks, before being exported to the U.S..
It was released in the UK in 1997 through Parlophone and early 1998 in the US by EMI Records.
It was released on October 8, 1982 by Capitol Records.
It is one of Ochs's most somber albums.
Let's Do It for Johnny is the third studio album by American rock band Bowling for Soup, released on May 16, 2000 by Jive Records.
According to Nielsen Soundscan, the album sold around 139,000 copies.
"The One Thing" is featured in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories under the fictional radio station Flash FM.
Live at Budokan is a live album by the hard rock band Mr. Big.
to be a demo and have evolved and released the majority of the songs on future releases, albeit usually in radically altered forms.
It was named after Millbrook, New York, where the band stayed to record the album.
The soundtrack to Serenade, recorded in 1955, contains some of tenor Mario Lanza's most acclaimed operatic performances.
The album features a cover of Grand Funk Railroad's "Sin's a Good Man's Brother".
In 1987, PTV released Live in Reykjavik through Genesis P-Orridge’s label Temple Records featuring the same recordings with some minor changes.
The song was the inspiration behind the long-running "Sixty Second Interview" feature of the UK's Metro free newspaper given away at public transport stations.
It also features guest vocals by Abbath Doom Occulta.
At the time, the majority of the material on Incesticide was circulating within fan communities.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2004 was the 49th Eurovision Song Contest and it was held in the Abdi İpekçi Arena in Istanbul, Turkey.
The film's title comes from Snoop's song of the same name from his debut album, Doggystyle, which had been released a year earlier.
Hindu Love Gods is the only album by American band Hindu Love Gods, released in 1990.
For this reason it is sometimes referred to as a "three-sided" record.
The album includes a second disc recorded in DVD-Audio and mixed with 5.1 surround sound.
It was exclusively released in Brazil and Japan.
Slayer's debut album Show No Mercy became Metal Blade's highest selling, leading to producer Brian Slagel wanting to release an EP.
is considered an artistic high-point of the band's career.
The liner notes were written by Tony Levin, merchandiser Sid Smith, sound engineer David Singleton and roadie Alex R. Mundy.
The album featured three Top 40 singles "The End of the Innocence", "The Heart of the Matter", and "The Last Worthless Evening".
Everything on the record was recorded by Doughty: vocal, acoustic guitar, and programming done on a lo-fi Roland Groovebox.
When Born in the U.S.A. was first released, it was met with positive reviews and massive commercial success.
Grave Disorder is an album from the punk rock band The Damned, released in August 2001.
The album was an experiment in combining psychedelic trance with classical music.
These pictures are also sometimes known as cheesecake photos.
The album received mixed reviews and did not sell very well, and was the last Suicidal Tendencies album before the band split in 1995.
The album was named one of the Essential Recordings of the '90s by Rolling Stone's Jann Wenner.
is built around parodies and pastiches of pop and rock music of the mid-1980s, featuring jabs at James Brown, Mick Jagger, El DeBarge, and Robert Palmer.
Night and Day II is a 2000 album by Joe Jackson.
Early prints of the album came with 'scratch and sniff' panels, and stickers.
Wild Planet is the second studio album by The B-52's, released in 1980.
Songs include Bob Dylan's "Forever Young", a live recording of Richard Manuel performing "She Knows", and the closer "Ramble Jungle".
Lowery lived with Cracker guitarist Johnny Hickman in an old dilapidated house whose only source of heat came from two kerosene heaters.
It also contains the single "Go Cut Creator Go", which paid homage to his DJ, and the breakthrough single in the U.K. "I'm Bad".
The Best of Pantera: Far Beyond the Great Southern Cowboys' Vulgar Hits!
The artwork for this album was created by Alex Rutterford.
The album sold at least around 75,000 units in the United States.
Songs for the Deaf is the third studio album by American rock band Queens of the Stone Age.
It is essentially a solo effort by Chris Ballew, recorded in Ballew's basement.
By 2008, it had sold 1.7 million copies in the United States.
Critical reaction to the album was very positive and the album was listed on a number of publications' year-end lists in 1998.
On January 1990, Girl You Know It's True was certified 6x platinum by the RIAA after spending eight weeks atop the Billboard Top 200.
In 2015, the group toured in support of the 20th anniversary of the album, performing it in its entirety for the first time.
The album was performed in full on 18 December 2008, with Woomble noting that he was "looking forward to playing it again."
Argybargy was released in February 1980 peaking at number 32 in the UK Albums Chart spending 15 weeks in that listing.
Their sound was initially an amalgam of heavy dance rhythms, horror film sampling, and quasi-Satanic imagery.
The title, the Roman numeral for "10", represents the band's tenth year since their debut album was released in 1980.
The original audio mix of the album received criticism for its heavy use of dynamic range compression.
The album saw Chambers nominated for four ARIA Awards including "Best Cover Art", "Album of the Year", "Best Country Album" and "Best Female Artist" in 2004.
For the only time to date, Waits joined him onstage to sing it on August 24, 1981.
It was ranked at number 500 in the book version of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
A music video was made for "Love Struck Baby" and received regular rotation on MTV in 1983.
Kings of Chaos is the third studio album by British symphonic black metal band Hecate Enthroned.
The EP consists of three tracks and was released in 1991 on Rabbit City Records in the 12" vinyl format.
The single entered and peaked at number forty-one.
The Explosion settled the dispute by writing this EP while on the road.
There are 48 tunes from many artists mixed, scratched and cut.
"I Surrender" would be the band's highest charting single in the UK, reaching No.
On Our Way Up is one of several unauthorized releases of an early Doobie Brothers demo recorded in 1970.
The album received mixed reviews; it was noted as significantly "heavier" than its predecessor, The Dark Saga.
At the 47th Annual Grammy Awards the album was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album.
Out of print for decades, the album is considered a collectors' item.
Return of Dragon would be Sisqó's last album until Last Dragon.
A Quadraphonic mix of the album was available on the Quadraphonic 8-Track cartridge format.
Lead vocalist Steve Hogarth is reported to claim "We offered to play a gig in there for a free meal and some beers."
To promote the album, the band embarked on the Black Celebration Tour.
The recordings originally came on 4 twelve-inch 78 rpm shellac records.
In 2017, it was selected for preservation in the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or artistically significant."
It includes the singles "Lakini's Juice", "Rattlesnake", "Turn My Head" and "Freaks".
Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good!
This is also the last Savatage album to feature vocals from lead singer Zachary Stevens.
It was very well received critically, and was voted #2 for the year in The Village Voice Pazz & Jop Critics Poll.
Brian Wilson Presents Smile is the sixth studio album by Brian Wilson, released in September 2004.
"Prime Time" was a follow-up release that fared well in the top 40.
Instead, the names of the group members were listed on the first release.
The eclectic band blends soul, disco, pop, new wave, folk, and psychedelia
Reasonable Doubt was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and, as of 2006, has sold 1.5 million copies in the United States.
The EP earned Bizarre the Inner City Flava Of The Year award in 1998.
It was released on April 7, 1998 on Atlantic Records.
The Tale of the Swazi Pascha and the Tiger
The album made #1 on KTUH's charts on the week of January 19, 2004.
On its initial release in the UK, there was an ordinary version and Special Edition of the album issued.
It was released in June 1988 through Sub Pop Records.
Cover photos were taken by famed photographer Yousuf Karsh.
However, "Deserve" was used as a promo single, and "Rich" served as a radio single in Brazil.
Concrete Rose spawned two singles: the 7 Aurelius-produced "Only U" and "Don't Let Them".
Shuttered Room is the debut studio album by British new wave band The Fixx, released in 1982.
"Willing and Able" was used in a video montage during the closing credits of CBS coverage of Super Bowl XXVI.
It was also nominated for a Grammy in 2005 for Best Alternative Album.
Despite this, the album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Recording in 1986.
It has been certified triple platinum in the UK and quadruple platinum in the US.
Daisy Berkowitz helped compose music for all of the songs except "Prelude" and "Sweet Tooth."
The album shows a more experimental side, which would later be more developed on Calculating Infinity.
The Rolling Stones is the debut EP released by The Rolling Stones in January 1964.
The songs on this album consist of five brand new songs and four songs from their Refrescante album translated into English.
However, the song "Secret Journey" was released as a single in the U.S. in place of "Invisible Sun".
1 1973–1984, a boxed set composed of remastered editions of his first seven albums.
In September, "You're So Last Summer" was distributed to radio stations and the band began co-headlining a tour with Saves the Day which lasted until November.
In the United Kingdom, the album peaked at No.
Likewise, "Mondo Bongo" is featured in the Doug Liman film Mr. & Mrs. Smith.
A 54-page booklet was also included with the release.
        
No Dice is an album by British rock band Badfinger, issued by Apple Records and released on 9 November 1970.
The album is often noted for its dark lyrical themes of death and murder, and for its rough, stripped-down, percussion-heavy blues rock style.
The video was originally conceived by Kurt Cobain himself and it was to loosely chronicle the band's rise to fame and the Nevermind era.
On its opening week, Prolonging the Magic sold about 44,000 copies, debuting at No.
Let's Get It On has been ranked on many critics and publications' lists of the best albums of all time.
The songs are a mixture of rough punk tunes and industrial noises.
Throughout the 1980s the band was known for their prodigious output in these formats, often in limited editions which quickly went out of print.
Blowin' Away was a 1977 album by Joan Baez, her first after switching from A&M Records to Portrait Records.
Shaking the Tree: Sixteen Golden Greats is a compilation album by the English rock musician Peter Gabriel.
The Mind's I is the third full-length studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity, released in 1997.
The album was a transition from the glam rock-influenced style of previous albums to a synthpop style.
The title track features guest vocalist Monica Queen and was recorded in a church hall.
Things Viral is the second album by American drone metal band Khanate, released in 2003 on the Southern Lord label.
The other for his top 10 hit "Gone till November" earned Jean a nomination for Best Rap Solo Performance at the 41st Grammy Awards in 1999.
The concert was filmed by Granada Television, produced and directed by Michael Darlow.
The album has been remastered "for goodness" and reissued in 2006.
The album was marred by major controversy over the inclusion of XCP copy protection distributed on all copies of the disc.
The band got minor airplay for their cover of Bloodkin's "Can't Get High," as well as their own "Airplane."
It showcases the band's trademark effect with haunting guitar work and lyrics, and Hope Sandoval's detached vocals.
Despite this, the CD booklet for Tour 2003 confusingly carries a review for a later August show in Detroit.
The single "Sunshine" received very heavy radio play nationally.
It contains remixes of previously unreleased music recorded by Shakur before his death in 1996.
The Eight Legged Groove Machine is the debut album from The Wonder Stuff from August 1988.
It is the companion remix disc to The Fragile.
Cave would later downplay the importance of the record, but said it helped the band develop musically:
It was recorded between 1995 and 1997 and features Noel Gallagher of Oasis and Beth Orton as guest vocalists.
Along with "Street of Dreams", directed by Storm Thorgerson, it became a part of Rainbow's home video collection The Final Cut.
It was recorded in October 2003 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Each LP is pressed onto 180g audiophile grade vinyl.
Untouched Takeaway is an album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe.
It was followed by two singles credited to the group: "Wouldn't It Be Nice" and "Sloop John B".
The album features many of Moore's musical friends, including Deep Purple bassist/vocalist Glenn Hughes, Paul Thompson of Roxy Music and Phil Lynott from Thin Lizzy.
This album was recorded by Daniel Lanois at the Grant Avenue Studios in Hamilton, Ontario.
The songs were produced mainly by David Foster, Ric Wake, Guy Roche, Walter Afanasieff and Christopher Neil, and four of them were written by Diane Warren.
I Have Returned was Ray Stevens' twenty-second studio album and his second for MCA Records, released in 1985.
They can be single-use, used for other purposes or designed as reusable shopping bags.
Nowhere to Here is the sixth studio album by Blue Rodeo.
Over the years, its recognition has grown, with a number of famous publishers proclaiming it as one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time.
Return to Forever is a jazz fusion album by Chick Corea, simultaneously functioning as the debut album by the band of the same name.
100th Window is the fourth studio album by English trip-hop group Massive Attack.
Looking for a more hard-hitting sound than that of their previous album, U2 began recording How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb in February 2003 with Thomas.
The campaign included limiting pre-release radio airplay and forcing journalists to sign gag orders.
Critics and scholars have noted the album's influence on popular music, particularly the way it helped reintroduce electronic music to the pop scene.
Three singles were released, with "The Funeral of Hearts" reaching number one on the Finnish Singles Chart.
It was voted the best album of the year in The Village Voice Pazz & Jop critics poll.
Hidden Things is an album by Australian folk rock group Paul Kelly & the Messengers released in May 1992 on Mushroom Records, which reached No.
Parklife therefore has attained a cultural significance above and beyond its considerable sales and critical acclaim, cementing its status as a landmark in British rock music.
It debuted as a sport at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona.
It was released in 2004 in Europe, and in 2005 in Taiwan.
CrazySexyCool is the second studio album by American girl group TLC, released on November 15, 1994 by LaFace Records.
The main character is a Texan around the age of 20 who enlists in the army after an event similar to 9/11 occurs.
Waking Up with the House on Fire is the third album by the English new wave band Culture Club, released on 25 October 1984.
Unlike their previous albums, the album features no rapping and instead features Jacoby Shaddix singing melodies.
It consists of 5 tracks, three on the A side and two on the B side.
Contributions to the album's production came from a wide range of producers, including Bloodshy & Avant, R. Kelly, Trixster, Moby, Guy Sigsworth and The Matrix.
Six of the songs, "Drifting," "Sureshot," "Big Apple Heartbreak," "Cigarette," "October Nights," and "A.W.O.L.," are featured on Microsoft's snowboarding video game Amped 2 for Xbox.
Absolute Torch and Twang is the third album by k.d.
The song "In Your Wildest Dreams" was featured in a Homicide: Life on the Street episode from season four, entitled "Full Moon".
According to the 1997 Sub Pop mail-order catalog, Lou Barlow, of fellow Sub Pop band Sebadoh, cited Frog Queen as his favorite album of 1996.
Solid Steel Presents Amon Tobin: Recorded Live is an album by drum and bass artist Amon Tobin mixed live using the Final Scratch software.
Filles de Kilimanjaro is a studio album by American jazz trumpeter Miles Davis.
Strategic Grill Locations is a comedy album from Mitch Hedberg.
As of 2011, it has sold more than 32 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling albums in history.
In its support, the trio embarked on their largest world tour to date, including a headlining spot at the California Jam festival.
This logo would be included on most of the group's subsequent releases.
The album debuted at its peak position of number 26 on the Billboard 200 and generally received positive reviews.
The album peaked at #4 on the Billboard album charts and #1 on the R&B album charts and also #1 on Cashbox.
All original songs are written and produced by Mike Michaels, MM Dollar and Mark Tabak.
A freshly remastered and expanded edition of Trance And Dance was issued on CD in 2013 by Cherry Red Records in the UK.
Going for the One was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for 500,000 copies sold in the US.
The album's title is a play on words written by Julius Caesar after conquering Asia Minor in 47 B.C.
This instrumental version was later made available on the band's 1991 4AD singles box set.
5 in the USA, where it became platinum on 20 June 1988.
To date, it is the last Ocean Colour Scene release to enter the top 10.
Later that year, the compilation Summer in the Yukon was released in the United Kingdom.
A User's Guide to They Might Be Giants is a 2005 compilation album by the group They Might Be Giants.
It is part of Sony Music's The Essential series.
Some of the sampled passages are either accompanied or performed elsewhere by guitarist/bassist Nick Zammuto in Sprechstimme.
Métamorphoses is the thirteenth studio album by French electronic musician and composer Jean-Michel Jarre, released by Sony Music on January 24, 2000.
Guest musicians on the album include Sarah Harmer and Christine Fellows.
The title track was the longest recorded Journey song until 1980, when "Destiny" from Dream, After Dream would claim that honor.
The Last In Line is the second studio album by the American heavy metal band Dio, released on July 2, 1984.
It was released on 26 February 1981.
The Goat of Mendes is the second studio album by English Blackened Death metal band Akercocke.
Push the Button is the fifth studio album by English electronica duo The Chemical Brothers, first released in January 2005.
A force can cause an object with mass to change its velocity, i.e., to accelerate.
A Worm's Life is the third album by Crash Test Dummies, released in 1996.
With the exception of the remix of "Frenchie" the songs on the EP are mellow pieces dominated by the vocals of Erika Amato.
The American release on Ark21 has only 17 tracks.
The People Who Grinned Themselves to Death was the second and last studio album by The Housemartins.
It was released on August 30, 1965, by Columbia Records.
The album was also included as a bonus disc in the 2003 "Quentin Tarantino Presents" DVD edition of the film.
Tiger Army II: Power of Moonlite is Tiger Army's second album, released on July 24, 2001.
The series was first published between 1995–2007 by Tyndale House, a firm with a history of interest in dispensationalism.
This was confirmed in 2006 by frontman Paul Heaton during a Question and Answer session entitled "Ask the Band".
Popular songs from this album include the anthemic "Surrender", "Auf Wiedersehen", the title track, and a cover of The Move's "California Man".
Most well known are the singles "Greg!
The 2006 CD reissue features four bonus tracks, although these date from the 1980 Contractual Obligation Album sessions.
Fuel for the Hate Game is the first full-length album by Hot Water Music.
It is a double album with a total of seventeen songs—nine on Abattoir Blues and eight on The Lyre of Orpheus.
Heathen Chemistry is the fifth studio album by English rock band Oasis, released on 1 July 2002 by Big Brother Records.
The follow-up to her commercially successful album The Colour of My Love and French-language D'eux, Falling into You showed a further progression of Dion's music.
The work is scored for soprano, tenor and baritone soloists, chorus, boys' choir, organ, and two orchestras.
A remastered CD version of the album by Harvey Birrell was included in The Gemil Box, released on 18 November 2013.
1 on the UK Album Chart in its second week of release.
The latter album, however, entered the U.S. album chart one week before the former.
It included the singles "Lola Stars and Stripes", "Changes Are No Good" and "Still in Love Song".
A Day at the Races was voted the 67th greatest album of all time in a national 2006 BBC poll.
It was the final album released by the band until their 1994 reunion Far from Home.
Uncle Jam Wants You was the second Funkadelic album to be certified gold.
The album features a variety of samples:
Christopher Lee provides the spoken narration throughout this album.
Originally, the first side of the album was called "Osmosis Phase 1" and the second side was "Terribitus Phase 2."
Changes in Latitudes, Changes in Attitudes is the seventh studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett.
Marquee Moon is the 1977 debut studio album by American rock band Television.
In 1998, the album received the Grammy Hall of Fame award.
The title of the album is derived from lyrics featured in the second track, "I Like the Way".
The title track was originally recorded for the album, but was delayed until the release of band's next album Physical Graffiti in 1975.
Included on the album was the single "Shining Star", which was a #1 U.S. pop and R&B hit.
A Bell Is a Cup… Until It Is Struck is the fifth studio album by the British post-punk group Wire.
Dirty Mind is the third studio album by American recording artist Prince.
It is intended as a comment on the isolation of capitalist society and the categorization of individuals.
The album was commercially successful upon its release, hitting #4 on the Billboard 200.
Drunken Lullabies is a 2002 album by the Irish-American punk band Flogging Molly.
38 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of The 100 Greatest Albums of the 80s.
Disney Channel Hits: Take 1 is the first complete collection of hit songs and videos from the Disney Channel.
While the single "Baby Don't Cry" was a Top 20 hit in the UK, the album's biggest American hit was "Not Enough Time", which reached No.
Disc 2 of the album contains video footage, playable with Windows Media Player software.
The music features a progressive metal sound that has drawn a comparison to Poison, Dio and Queensrÿche.
It spawned the singles "The Dope Show", "Rock Is Dead", and "I Don't Like the Drugs" as well as the promotional single, "Coma White".
This compilation is no longer manufactured by any company.
Chrono Cross music has also been extensively remixed by fans, and such remixes have been included in both official and unofficial albums.
It has been re-issued numerous times over the years with different sleeves, attempting to capitalize on his later success at RCA.
It was released in November 1967, through record label International Artists.
It was included in the top 100 albums of the 1980s lists in both Rolling Stone and Pitchfork Media.
Hampton Comes Alive is a six-disc live album by the American rock band Phish, released on November 23, 1999, by Elektra Records.
The song 'Hem of Your Garment' was featured in the film Me, Myself & Irene.
The title comes from the last lines of the bridge in "Lie to Me" when it repeats near the end.
Croce was nominated for two 1973 Grammy awards in the "Pop Male Vocalist" and "Record of the Year" categories for the song "Bad, Bad Leroy Brown".
The More Things Change... reached #138 on the Billboard 200 chart in 1997, and as of 2002 had sold over 115,000 copies in the United States.
Tha Carter is the fourth studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne.
Ben Folds Live is a live album by Ben Folds, released in 2002.
You Go Now is the second solo album by keyboardist Kevin Moore, former member of Dream Theater.
The DVD does not include "Make Over" which was situated after "Can't Hold Us Down".
Carolina County Ball is the second album by the rock band Elf, released as an LP in 1974 on the MGM label.
On this release, the band improved the sometimes muddy and ill-defined production of their debut, Somber Eyes to the Sky.
The album includes Christmas and Hanukkah songs as well as "Auld Lang Syne", which is traditionally sung on New Year's Eve.
However, the tour was a global one.
France came 4th with 142 points, and in 5th place were Sweden with 100 points.
Boys for Pele is the third studio album by American singer and songwriter Tori Amos.
Production began after a four-year period of inactivity from the group, following the commercial success of Invisible Touch and its tour.
It is one of the best-selling albums of all time, having sold over 43 million copies worldwide.
Red Rose Speedway is the second album by Paul McCartney and Wings and the fourth by McCartney since leaving the Beatles.
Danzig 777: I Luciferi  is the seventh album from Danzig.
To give the impression of the choristers approaching and then moving away, the song was given a long fade-in and -out on the album.
It was the band's third release on Atlantic Records, and their second studio album since guitarist Brett Gurewitz's departure.
America: A Tribute to Heroes was a benefit concert created by the heads of the four major American broadcast networks; Fox, ABC, NBC and CBS.
It peaked at #10 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
The album was recorded at The Loft with Tim Patalan.
Guero is the sixth official studio album and ninth overall by American musician Beck, released on March 29, 2005 through Interscope.
Mad Mad World achieved a Diamond sales award in Canada for selling more than 1 million copies in Cochrane's native Canada.
An unlisted final track is a satirical preview of the next Built to Spill album.
The General Electric is the fourth album released by New Zealand band Shihad in October 1999.
While Proof was designed to consist of fan favorites, it also marks the first appearance of "A New Hope."
Last Stop Suburbia is Allister's third release on Drive-Thru Records, released on October 8, 2002.
Point of Entry is the seventh album from the British heavy metal band Judas Priest.
116 in the US Billboard 200 albums chart.
It was Zappa's first recording project after the dissolution of the original Mothers of Invention.
The album eventually placed at the fourteenth spot in the Pazz & Jop ballot for 2004.
While keyboardist Danny Peyronel only stayed in the band for this one album, he did co-write several tracks on the record.
The album was financed by issuing promissory notes in exchange for loans from fans, family and friends of the band.
The Number of the Beast is the third studio album by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released in March 1982.
It was released in 1992 and produced by Kalle Trapp.
It was released in November 1967 and went on to reach No.
The track "House" features a dance influence and had the working title "The Massive Attack Song".
The album was released on 1 October 1984, and reached #38 on the UK Albums Chart.
The album would be a commercial success for the band, being their second of two platinum selling albums, selling over one million copies.
A Tonic for the Troops is the second album by The Boomtown Rats.
A video was also released of Slayer's version of the song "I Hate You" by Verbal Abuse.
The album's primary musicians are Johnson, Adam Topol and Merlo Podlewski.
On the top of the sleeve, the title is written in katakana: ジー サイズ.
Natty Dread is a 1974 album by Bob Marley and the Wailers.
Avant-garde comic book writer Ales Kot referenced the title in Bucky Barnes The Winter Soldier #1 by Marvel Comics in 2014.
It has been certified platinum by the RIAA, signifying over a million copies sold.
It peaked at number 30 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
With their Kung Fu label now firmly established, the band was able to re-release this music from ten years earlier in their career.
Belgium won the right to hold the contest over five other countries including Croatian Radiotelevision of Croatia and AVRO of the Netherlands.
"Comedown", "Machinehead", and "Glycerine" were the three songs from the album to enter the Billboard Hot 100, reaching number thirty, number forty-three, and number twenty-eight, respectively.
Hunting High and Low is the debut studio album by Norwegian new wave band A-ha.
He appeared onstage at the second show with a bandaged hand, telling the audience the story.
Nicholas Barber writing for The Independent concurred saying: "Much of the blame must rest on Simon Fowler.
Its lyrics and artwork reflected the band's left-wing political concerns.
The follow-up single, "I Wanna Learn a Love Song," barely entered the Billboard Hot 100 Singles Chart.
Nightfall in Middle-Earth was the first album by Blind Guardian to be released in the US.
It altered the syntax of the music ... in a way I compare to James Joyce's Ulysses."
Real Illusions: Reflections is the seventh studio album by guitarist Steve Vai, released on February 22, 2005 through Epic Records.
It continues the project originally conceived by Guthrie's daughter, Nora Guthrie which resulted in the release of Mermaid Avenue in 1998.
Ne Me Quitte Pas is Jacques Brel's twelfth studio album.
Produced by Eno and Rhett Davies, it featured contributions from several guest musicians including Robert Fripp, Phil Collins, and John Cale.
The track "Maniac" featured Level 42 members Phil Gould on drums and Mark King on bass.
In October 2010, Business as Usual was listed in the book, 100 Best Australian Albums.
Southern Rock Opera is the third studio album by the alt country band Drive-By Truckers, released in 2001.
It was recorded at Universal Studios in Detroit during late 1970 and early 1971, before being released in July 1971 by Westbound Records.
3, part of a series of compact discs released by Rykodisc in 1991.
During the 1980s, "Équinoxe Part 4" was used in the opening credits of the TVNZ documentary series Our World.
Work on the album began in 2000, after Smith and Orzabal ended their longstanding feud.
Never Take Friendship Personal is the second album by alternative rock band Anberlin, released on February 1, 2005 on Tooth & Nail Records.
The CD release features two bonus tracks that did not make the cut for the original album: "What About Love" and "Across the Border".
The first single, "Everything To Me" was released to radio on August 1, 2005.
Dream, After Dream features a full vocal on three of its nine tracks, "Destiny", "Sand Castles" and "Little Girl".
Indeed, it was the last Bee Gees album to chart in the UK until Spirits Having Flown in 1979.
The Origin of the Feces is the second album by the Brooklyn band Type O Negative, which was released in 1992.
The album was released on February 15, 2000, by Capricorn Records.
When it was finished, he was unsuccessful in trying to keep the record shelved in Bell's vaults.
Other songs are not edited, as "Fantasy", "I Still Believe", "Honey", and "Hero" are more or less kept to their original length.
Armenia also entered for the first time in the contest.
Most recently, "How Do" was used during an intimate scene in the 2005 Eli Roth movie, Hostel.
It is so named because "all the songs, although it's a dance album, are introspective".
Happiness in Magazines is the fifth solo album by Graham Coxon.
Poodle Hat was released as an Enhanced CD, meaning that when the disc is placed in a computer, bonus content are viewable.
Baduizm is the debut album by American R&B and neo soul singer-songwriter Erykah Badu, released on February 11, 1997 by Kedar Records.
American Idiot is the seventh studio album by American rock band Green Day.
They have released eight regular studio albums, five EPs and three live CD/DVDs to date.
Subsequently, performances of 'Let 'Em In', 'Silly Love Songs' and 'Beware My Love' were included on the live album Wings over America, released in December 1976.
He performed many such songs in burlesque houses, various circuses, carnivals, and roadhouses.
"Mean Bone" was released as a single.
Sessions 2000 is the fourteenth studio album by French electronic musician and composer Jean-Michel Jarre, released on Disques Dreyfus and distributed by Sony Music in 2002.
The Corn Years is an album by Death In June, released in 1989.
2 Adult Contemporary in the U.S., followed by the title song and a remake of Joni Mitchell's "Big Yellow Taxi".
Cold Roses is the only album to include Cardinals member Cindy Cashdollar.
Bryan Ferry also included the song on Dylanesque.
One solo track originates from the Chicago Barenaked Ladies show from which the Rock Spectacle album was recorded.
The compilation was particularly notable for dividing the songs between rock and pop tunes on the first disc and love songs on the second disc.
In 1999, the single "Now He Sings, Now He Sobs" was given the Grammy Hall of Fame Award.
Narration on the album is by Bidini's wife, Janet Morassutti.
This album was released as a double LP in 2014, for a better and warmer sound than CD.
The album was remastered for this release, and also included the original Florida session as well as recordings of rehearsals performed in 1986.
The album was released under Compact Disc format on May 23, 2000.
Jagged Little Pill, Live is a video chronicling Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill world tour from 1995 to 1996.
Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for 28 weeks, as well as reaching the top 30 in two other countries.
Two singles from Pornograffiti, "More Than Words" and "Hole Hearted", reached the top-5 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The lyrics railed against racism, both in life and the "institutional racism" highlighted by the murder of Stephen Lawrence.
The band soon signed a recording contract with Polydor Records; however, their debut album, Blue Angel, was a commercial failure.
Abigail II: The Revenge is an album by King Diamond released in 2002 and is plotwise a successor to the 1987 album Abigail.
In the Garden is the debut studio album by the British new wave duo Eurythmics, released in October 1981.
The album was released on Up Records on November 18, 1997, on both compact disc and vinyl LP.
The album was also heavy on social protest themes.
The album peaked and debuted on the UK Album Chart at number 4.
Perdition City is the fifth studio album by Norwegian collective Ulver, issued in March 2000, via Jester Records.
Keyboards are also an important part of the album's sound.
The album produced several hits for the band, including "Keep the Faith", "Bed of Roses" and "In These Arms".
Welcome to the Freak Show is the name of a live audio and video recording by DC Talk.
The album was certified Diamond by the RIAA on February 15, 2005, after having shipped over 10 million copies in the US.
"My Romance" was not on the LP version.
It was a 7 inch record released on Spain's Acurela Records.
Tanya's last music video to date was "Keeping You".
Critics often view Spirit of Eden as a departure from Talk Talk's earlier and more accessible albums.
The "explicit" version of the cover shows the fingers.
It has now been discontinued and copies of it are not being pressed anymore, but it is still available in digital download format.
Retrospectively, it has been listed by multiple publications as one of the band's best works and has been deemed an essential glam rock album.
Version 2.0 is the second studio album by American-Scottish alternative rock band Garbage.
That album contains some of the same songs, but includes other songs not appearing on Summer in the Yukon.
One in a Million has sold over three million copies in the United States and 8 million copies worldwide.
For Everyman is the second album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 1973.
Give Me Immortality or Give Me Death is a comedy album by The Firesign Theatre that was released in 1998 on Rhino Records.
One of the singles, "Love", became her first single to top the Oricon Singles Chart, other singles were able to reach the top ten).
Scoundrel Days is the second full-length album by Norwegian new wave pop/rock band A-ha.
It was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America in August, 1982 and Platinum in December, 1982.
The Jethro Tull Christmas Album is the 21st and final studio album released by Jethro Tull, on 30 September 2003.
It includes covers of Deep Purple, The Doors, Michael Jackson, Sade, and Jean Michel Jarre.
This has also been issued as a DVD-Audio in 5.1 Surround sound.
It was released in 1997 on Warner.
It is the group's 12th overall release.
Richards teamed with Talk Is Cheap collaborator Steve Jordan and added Waddy Wachtel to the mix both in composing and producing Main Offender.
In accordance with the humanism which has always driven Rundgren's lyrics, in "The Ultimate Crime" he sings "the ultimate crime is not to care."
The album was released in 2001, two years after Glitter's UK conviction for possession of child pornography.
Psychic Terrorism is an electronic based dance studio album from rock band Wishbone Ash recorded during 1998.
The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion is the second studio album by American rock band The Black Crowes, released on May 12, 1992.
Many rock publications have ranked Ride the Lightning on their best album lists, saying it had a lasting impact on the genre.
Gimme Fiction is the fifth studio album by American indie rock band Spoon, released on May 10, 2005 by Merge Records.
Pure Prairie League is the self-titled debut album by American country rock band Pure Prairie League, released in 1972.
The record was released on guitarist John Porcelly's record label, Schism Records, in 1988.
Three of four singles released from the album have music videos: "What U Gon Do", "Real Nigga Roll Call", and "Lovers and Friends".
In 1993, Southern Records re-issued the album on 12” vinyl, CD and Cassette.
Additional excerpts from the improvisational "Ghost Sessions" were also later released as The Siket Disc.
Upon its release, it received mixed reviews.
Wonderlust is a live album by Heather Nova, released in 2000.
The singles lifted from the album were "Dagenham Dave" and "The Boy Racer".
The song was covered by the band Coffin Break in 1989, Irish band Therapy?
Cherry Peel is the debut album of the Elephant 6 band Of Montreal.
Frankenchrist is the third album released by the American hardcore punk band Dead Kennedys in 1985 on Alternative Tentacles.
A Medio Vivir is the third studio album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin.
The album received mostly negative reviews, gathering a lowly 1.5 stars out of a possible 5 on AllMusic.Com.
Our Beloved Revolutionary Sweetheart is a 1988 album by Camper Van Beethoven, released on Virgin Records.
More Songs About Buildings and Food is the second studio album by the American rock band Talking Heads, released in July 1978.
In subsequent live performances, some of these songs were reworked to match the style in which they were played on this album.
Its controversial lyrics were the subject of shareholder protest.
2 is the second UK album by the Rolling Stones released in 1965 following the massive success of 1964's debut The Rolling Stones.
The album's title is French for "already heard" and is a commentary on modern rock.
Goats Head Soup is the 11th British and 13th American studio album by The Rolling Stones, released in August 1973.
Let's Get It On is the thirteenth studio album by American singer and songwriter Marvin Gaye.
Samples used in the track include the likes of David Attenborough and David Bellamy.
Rio Grande Mud is the second album by the American rock band ZZ Top.
As of March 16, 2011, the album sold 6,488,000 copies in the United States, and it became the fourteenth best-selling rap album of all time.
Numena is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich.
These combine with the elements of psychedelic music that dominate the album.
The even more curious subtitle is a reference to Reservoir Butler, who had originally performed one of the songs covered on the album.
This album is the first of Steve Roach’s many musical tributes to the Southwestern Desert.
It was the band's final album before breaking up in 1990, although the band has reunited and released new material in recent years.
It was nominated for Album of the Year, Best Rock Album and Best Engineered Non-Classical Album at the 1999 Grammys, winning the latter two awards.
          
The original vinyl release of Zeichnungen des Patienten O. T. is Rough Trade Records #RTD 18 and Some Bizzare Records #SBVART 2.
The band recorded at Mission Sound in Brooklyn, New York for two weeks before moving to Water Music in Hoboken, New Jersey, finishing recording by April.
Two music videos for "Rose of Sharyn" and "The End of Heartache" were filmed in promotion of the album.
A spelling error on the spine of the first US LP pressing listed the title as "Busting Out".
This album features a large cast of celebrities reading Shakur's poetry and writing, much in the spirit of a traditional spoken word album.
Singles is the original soundtrack album to the film Singles, primarily focused on the ascendant Seattle grunge scene of the early 1990s.
Heartbeat of the Earth is the third studio album by British gothic rock band Inkubus Sukkubus.
It was released on 22 September 2004 by Sanctuary Records.
The songs "Mandatory Suicide" and the title track, however, have become permanent features of the band's live setlist.
At the Grammy Awards of 1997, a live version of "The Sinister Minister", a track from the album, won the Best Pop Instrumental Performance award.
Mean Business is the second and final studio album by The Firm, released by Atlantic Records on 3 February 1986.
It was released on 14 March 1988 by record label HMV, six months after the final album by Morrissey's band The Smiths, Strangeways, Here We Come.
The album went certified platinum just five weeks after its release date, making it the fastest album to break that mark in RCA history.
It is basically an updated version of The First Ten Years: The Videos and From There to Eternity.
Subterranean Jungle is the seventh studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones, released by Sire Records in February 1983.
The album only had one single taken from it, "Stone by Stone" – the group's final single release.
The album was recorded and mixed at Metalworks Studios and E.S.P.
The new songs on this album are "Melissa's Garden", "The Wall of Light", and "Boston Rain Melody".
Shut Down Volume 2 is the fifth studio album by the American rock band the Beach Boys, released on March 2, 1964 on Capitol.
Other singles include "Playground Battle", "Supernova" and "Stand Up".
The song itself is dedicated to his son, Austin, who penned the title.
Having dropped Duran Duran after their 1997 album Medazzaland, EMI was keen to begin mining the band's back catalogue.
It was the first major release by the band not to feature vocalist Chuck Mosley.
The album was the Best Live Album award at the Second Annual Jammy Awards show in 2001.
It was first released in Japan by Sony BMG on 22 October 1997, and distributed worldwide by Mushroom and Deconstruction months later.
The front of the album shows a sheik that rides a camel, which is a reference to Stevens' song "Ahab the Arab."
Björk, a self-titled coffee table book containing photographs of the singer throughout her career, was released simultaneously with the album.
Let's Talk About Love includes Dion's biggest hit, "My Heart Will Go On".
It is a continuation of the 1997 album Trance Visionary.
Sin Sex & Salvation, is an EP released by KMFDM and Raymond Watts.
The trombone is played by Lars Nylander of Skankin' Pickle.
Me Against the World is the third studio album by American hip hop artist 2Pac.
The album features an almost complete collection of the band's singles and B-sides for the label, as well as earlier releases for other labels.
S gol v rukata... never reached the success of Hipodil's previous effort Nekuf ujas, nekuf at or of their next album Nadurveni vuglishta.
Just a Boy is the second album by English singer-songwriter, Leo Sayer, and was released in 1974.
It has been covered by The Audreys, The Bravery, Everclear, Face to Face, Goo Goo Dolls, Grinspoon, AFI and also most recently by Lazlo Bane.
It is the soundtrack to the CBS Christmas television special of the same name.
1 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart.
It reached number 59 on the UK Albums Chart.
Honkin' on Bobo was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on May 11, 2004.
Shades of a Blue Orphanage is the second studio album by Irish band Thin Lizzy, released in 1972.
They Might Be Giants, sometimes called The Pink Album, is the debut album from Brooklyn-based band They Might Be Giants.
Members past and present include: Mike Boegh, Tony Koelwyn, Kurt Dahle, Shawn Mrazek, Megan Bradfield, Gregory Macdonald, Elaine Fung, Heather Campbell, Brian Weiser.
The album became the band's breakthrough, with lead single "Everything Is Alright" becoming the band's signature song.
It had sales of over 411,000 copies in the United States as of November 2009, and has also sold over 2 million copies worldwide to date.
Mink Hollow refers to a valley, and the road that runs through it, in Lake Hill, New York just west of Woodstock, NY.
's" meaning to smoke other people's cigarettes exclusively.
Infernal Love is the third major label album by the band Therapy?.
Mark Andes also appeared on two tracks, and Randy's sister Janet provided harmony vocals on Hard Love and "Shera: Princess of Power".
Sayer is credited as co-writer on the tracks "Don't Wait Until Tomorrow", and "Orchard Road".
It is also the first of three Megadeth records not to include original bassist and co-founder David Ellefson.
The Concerto for Group and Orchestra is a concerto composed by Jon Lord, with lyrics written by Ian Gillan.
The album sleeve also lists the seventh track as being "It's Not Unusual," a cover of a song by Burt Bacharach.
Pleasant Dreams is the sixth studio album by American punk rock band the Ramones released on July 20, 1981, through Sire Records.
The album was re-released in the late 1990s by BGO Records.
The story given is that an eccentric character named Edgar Graham met with Modest Mouse while on tour.
It is 41 minutes in length, and is arguably not an EP, but rather a short LP, and thus a proper album.
7800° Fahrenheit is the second studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi, released on March 27, 1985, through Mercury Records.
Dinosaurus Stereophonicus was certified gold quickly after its release.
The international version of the album was distributed by SPV Records.
It went through several lineup changes before stabilizing with the addition of keyboardist Jesse Johnson and drummer Tony Thaxton, both of whom joined in 2001.
The album was the first of three Talking Heads LPs produced by collaborator Brian Eno.
Blackwater Park did not chart in North America or the United Kingdom.
The song "Hold on to Me" was used in the soundtrack of the 1998 film Homegrown.
It included the first 19 tracks appearing on the CD release, but several tracks were dubbed at an incorrect tape speed.
As of December 2007, the album has sold 323,000 copies in the United States
The only singers involved were Todd Duncan as Porgy and Anne Brown as Bess.
The Dead 60s is the eponymous debut album by British rock band The Dead 60s.
Jesus Christ Superstars is fifth studio album by Slovenian industrial/electronic music group Laibach.
6 on its Top 100 Christian metal albums of all-time list.
Martika's Kitchen is the second album released by pop singer and former child actor Martika.
Themes on the album include a longing for childhood and home, and a general feeling of alienation from the rest of the world.
All songs have been remastered for this compilation.
The albums marks the first collaboration between Lucassen and Bovio, selected by Lucassen via an internet female singing contest to play Wife.
The Incredible Shrinking Dickies was the 1978 first album by the California punk band The Dickies.
It was also the last album to feature lead singer Terry Glaze.
Tonight, Not Again: Jason Mraz Live at the Eagles Ballroom is a live album and DVD by the American singer/songwriter Jason Mraz, released in 2004.
Death of a Ladies' Man is the fifth studio album by Leonard Cohen.
They also changed their label and moved to Riva Sound.
20, while the album achieved the No.
The mural remained on the wall until the mid-2000s when it was painted over by the property owner.
The tracks "It's All True," "If I Could Talk I'd Tell You", and "The Outdoor Type" were released as singles in the UK.
Released in 2004, it was recorded live at a bar called The Tractor Tavern in Seattle, Washington.
Clapton is widely believed to be a supporter of the club, despite being born in Ripley, Surrey more than 100 miles away.
The album was recorded live in the studio with miked amplifiers and PA system, rather than plugged into the board.
The album was re-released with additional tracks in 1999 and as a three-disc set in 2008.
15 on the UK Albums Chart and No.
It is a live album, compiling tracks from two concerts in the United Kingdom.
Morrison Hotel is the fifth studio album by American rock band the Doors.
Tracks 1-6 recorded at the Arena, Cap d'Agde, France, August 26, 1982.
Art Contest is the debut full-length album by indie rock band The Like Young.
The experimentation resulted in an alternative rock album that takes influence from post-grunge and pop rock, and features guitars, keyboards, drum machines, and harmonica.
Cruising with Ruben & the Jets is the fourth studio album by the Mothers of Invention.
The songs are also rather short; at two-and-a-half minutes, "I Don't Wanna Go Down to the Basement" is the album's longest track.
The songs generally support the theme of the group quite well, expanding the band's concept to comic proportions and supporting the back story.
“Redwood Hill” contains elements of bluegrass music.
Praise the Lard, a record album by PIG, was initially released on Concrete Records in 1991 and re-released by Cleopatra Records in 1997.
Thus, Imaginos is often considered more as a project of producer and lyricist Sandy Pearlman than as a true album of the band.
It is a concept album and a rock opera, and further information on the story can be found here.
It was their last album before their 12-year hiatus, which lasted from 2002 to 2014.
At this point in their career, the album was the band's lowest peaking record on the Billboard 200.
The album reached #5 on the Pop Albums chart, and spent nine weeks at #1 on the R&B/Black Albums chart.
The then-newly released non-album single "True Faith" is also featured, along with its B-side "1963".
It was released in mid 1992, on the label Epic.
It was released on March 15, 2005, through Steamhammer Records.
Everything came together and it was very focused.
The title song, "Love Stinks" is a rant against unrequited love.
It is the first Kansas album since 1975's Masque to lack a hit single.
There is also a song about one's experiences in high school.
It was released on October 8, 1980, by Warner Bros. Records as the follow-up to his second album, Prince, released in 1979.
Nevertheless, the signature heavy riffing is also apparent.
First Sessions is an EP by singer Norah Jones, released in 2001.
3 on the Billboard Top Christian Albums, the first top ten on this chart.
The album was recorded at Cobo Hall in Detroit, Michigan, in June 1980 and at the Boston Garden in Boston, Massachusetts in October 1980.
It peaked at number 6 on the Top Canadian Albums chart and number 43 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
Upon finding out there was not, they decided to adopt the phrase for this album's title.
The band began streaming "White Table" on its website on May 6.
Others retain their original form or are complete finished mixes, such as "Fuck 'Em All", "Late Night", "Ghetto Star", "Better Dayz", "Who Do U Believe In?"
", which is the chorus of The Dickies song If Stuart Could Talk, which is also about the singer's penis.
The Black Crowes promoted By Your Side by performing on numerous television programs in North America and Europe.
Larger Than Life is the second album by American pop singer Jody Watley, released in 1989.
"Don't Change" plays during the credits of the movie Adventureland and is featured in its soundtrack.
The Tunes of Two Cities is an album by The Residents, released in 1982.
Also, all the Ts in the liner notes and lyrics were replaced with inverted crosses.
The album peaked in the top 10 on both the Australian and United Kingdom albums charts.
In 2012, Earache Records released remastered edition, containing bonus tracks.
The album and its singles received some radio success, due to its doo wop sound.
Same titled DVD was also released in 2003 as a series of remastered, remixed & new music videos with Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound audio mixes.
The album was released on September 4, 1990.
As of 2015, Acclaimed Music lists Pet Sounds as the statistically most acclaimed album of all time.
The album was released by Capitol Records with Danny Janssen's La La Productions.
It is the only Autechre release — EP or otherwise — to have an explicit purpose for release.
For example,, sound travels at 343 m/s in air; it travels at 1,484 m/s in water; and at 5,120 m/s in iron.
Grave Dancers Union is the sixth studio album by the American alternative rock band Soul Asylum, released in 1992.
It was placed on numerous widely circulated lists of the best albums of all time and had an enduring effect on both listeners and musicians.
These segments feature the hyperbolic introductions of Noise The Show's host, Tim Sommer, an early supporter of the band.
The complex title track required over a dozen takes in the studio, and is considered one of his most difficult compositions.
In total about 7,000 names were listed.
When those two albums with Jim Clench came out, that was always the direction that we wanted to go in.
"Po Las Calles De Madrid" – 2:48 Luis Cobos
The album is certified four times platinum.
It was also his last solo album of the 1980s and it would be eleven years before he released another solo album, until 2000's Inside Job.
Songs cut from the track list include "Trailer," "Big Boss Man," "Crackin' Up," "The Image of Me" and "The Apartment Song."
On the Way is the seventeenth album by Jandek, released in 1988 as Corwood 0755.
The speed has a weak dependence on frequency and pressure in ordinary air, deviating slightly from ideal behavior.
The first single, "Don't Tread on Me", was released to radio on July 26, 2005.
The "Cloudbusting" video features the actor Donald Sutherland along with Kate Bush.
It includes the hit "Misery," which was parodied by "Weird Al" Yankovic as "Syndicated Inc." on his album Bad Hair Day.
Some Bizzare Records released the album in 1983.
The album tracks were recorded at 9 different venues in Europe on the Fear of the Dark Tour.
A commercial and critical success, it is generally regarded as the culmination of the smoother, more adult-oriented sound of Henley's solo work.
Harrison subsequently introduced the instrument to the Beatles' sound; the band featured synthesizer for the first time on their 1969 album Abbey Road.
Dino Jelusić, who won the 2003 contest, presented the award to María.
It includes five Spanish-language versions of tracks from her previous album, in addition to four original compositions and two cover songs.
The album also contains a vocals-and-cellos version of "Diane" by American punk band Hüsker Dü, which also became a single.
All were eventually released on the 2002 "Deluxe edition" CD.
The album was recorded from 2001 to 2003 in Bearsville, New York, New York City, Burbank, California, and Shokan, New York.
The song "Wasting Time" documented his frustrations with the label after he developed writer's block.
The album was released on November 21, 1995, through Columbia Records.
However, Poland only provided lead guitar parts and solos on a contractual basis and did not rejoin the band.
The songs with Beck were recorded in the studio in the months after he joined the group in March 1965.
It was released on June 2, 1992.
Nilsson gave an impromptu audition of his latest songs.
It would become the duo's final track to appear on the Billboard Hot 100, where it peaked at number fifty.
Variations on A Love Supreme is a jazz album composed by Fabrizio Cassol and Kris Defoort.
The Distance to Here is the fourth studio album by the band Live, released in 1999.
The sound of that record furthers the mellower sound developed on Return of the Frog Queen.
Although the album still had its epic tracks which the band were known for, especially live.
It has hard things on it, and even the soft things have a heaviness to them.
This album was consolidated with the Love Is Hell pt.
R. Borlax is the debut album by Horse the Band, released in 2003 on Pluto Records.
The songs "Wait And See", "Just Like Everybody Else" and "Spacing" all were on previous releases, and were re-recorded for the album.
Yoshimi was well-received critically and commercially, helping the band break into the mainstream.
Cheonsa Misonyeo is a Korean language pop album by Taiwanese singer/actress/model Vivian Hsu, released October 10, 1996 on the SAMPONY label.
Amongst the live performances is a "disturbing" performance of "Love Buzz" in which Cobain gets into a fight with an over aggressive bouncer.
It produced three UK Top 40 singles: "Incommunicado", "Sugar Mice" and "Warm Wet Circles".
Master of Puppets was released to critical acclaim and has been included in several publications' best album lists.
As of 2012 the album has sold over 38,000 copies in the United States and an estimated 78,000 copies worldwide since its 2003 release.
The album was released on January 18, 1978, by Asylum Records.
Upon its release, the album received acclaim from most music critics and earned Harvey several accolades, including the 2001 Mercury Prize.
Lay It Down is the sixth studio album by the Canadian alt-country band Cowboy Junkies.
The album was released on February 3, 2006 in Europe through Nuclear Blast Records and February 7 in the U.S. through Ferret Records.
Appalachia Waltz is the first album from the trio of cellist Yo-Yo Ma, double-bassist and composer Edgar Meyer, and fiddler and composer Mark O'Connor.
"Reniform Puls" was used in a television advertisement for the LG U880 mobile phone.
It was produced and mixed by Neal Avron and released on September 26, 2000 through Drive-Thru Records.
Keep the Faith is the fifth studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi, released on November 3, 1992 by Mercury Records.
Grits Sandwiches for Breakfast is American musician Kid Rock's first album, released by Jive Records in 1990.
While it did not succeed commercially, it is best remembered today as the first time all four members of Led Zeppelin recorded together in the studio.
"Convalescence" served as the album's single with a music video that was frequently shown on MTV2's Headbangers Ball.
The EP was remixed and re-released in 1988 on Enigma Records.
"None of Us Are Free" was also featured at the end of the sixth episode of the second season of House.
The album was released on April 8, 2003.
The album spawned three singles, but only one succeeded in charting.
Performance art is a performance presented to an audience within a fine art context, traditionally interdisciplinary.
It has continued to attract critical acclaim and it has appeared in several lists of the greatest live albums of all time.
The Fat of the Land is the third studio album by English electronic dance music group The Prodigy.
The DVD was released in April 1999.
The re-issue featured the band's best known single, "Born Slippy .NUXX".
ATLiens debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart, and it sold nearly 350,000 copies in its first two weeks of release.
Best of Bee Gees is a 1969 compilation album by the English rock band Bee Gees.
Geometry of Love is the fifteenth studio album by French electronic musician and composer Jean-Michel Jarre, released by Warner Music in October 2003.
"Embers" opens and ends as "Cenotaph" did on the previous album War Master, and leads into "Powder Burns" on Mercenary.
Since its original release, Joe's Garage has been reappraised in a better light by some critics.
As of March 19, 2007, it had sold 1,509,675 copies in the United States.
Some tracks from this album are compiled on the 1996 collection, When I'm a Rock 'n' Roll Star.
It built on the commercial success and critical acclaim of his two previous albums and reached #2 on the Billboard album chart.
In addition, the album was later nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Recording in 1993.
Ancient Melodies of the Future is the fifth full-length album released by indie rock band Built to Spill.
It is now available on They Might Be Giants' online music store in MP3 or FLAC format for purchase by itself.
The astronomer Patrick Moore looks on somewhat disapprovingly from the left.
As of March 2009, the album had sold over one million copies worldwide.
A re-recorded version of the song "M-80" was featured in the game Amplitude.
Following the band's split with producer Brian Eno and a short hiatus which allowed the individual members to pursue side projects, recording began in 1982.
Nilsson Schmilsson is the seventh album by American singer Harry Nilsson, released by RCA Records in November 1971.
It was recorded in Tokyo, Japan and Denver, Colorado between July 1989 and March 1990 for NER/Tesco.
Musically, the record showed a move to a more blues based sound, even featuring scat singing.
The album was released on March 8, 2004, consisting of an Audio CD and Live DVD.
The album has been met with mixed reviews and was not as successful as band's past releases.
Revolutions per Minute is the second studio album by American rock band Rise Against.
The album was a return to roots rock for the band following the psychedelic pop of their 1967 album Their Satanic Majesties Request.
For that, these are still Jon Oliva's two favorites on the album.
If you fall into any of the above categories, please hit the stop button on your CD player after track #8.
The album was Fall Out Boy's breakthrough mainstream success.
It shares the opening and ending riffs and it has some lyrical similarities as well.
Viacom executive Doug Herzog recalled that after this album, "Aerosmith was done at that point.
No Jacket Required is the third solo studio album by English singer-songwriter Phil Collins.
It was also released in some other European countries and in Australia.
All songs were written by lead singer Stephen Malkmus, apart from Scott Kannberg's "Date with Ikea" and "Passat Dream".
The album was packaged with the participating musicians contributing quotes about Hard Core Logo's "influence" on their own music.
Strange Behaviour is a album of remixes by Duran Duran.
"She's Got It All" was the album's first single, as well as Chesney's first Number One single on the Billboard country music charts.
His three major books were An Actor Prepares, Building a Character, and Creating a Role.
In the U.S., I Say I Say I Say debuted and peaked at #18 on the Billboard 200, easily beating their previous highest chart placing.
The album's subject matter included social displacement, unemployment, racial conflict, drug use, and the responsibilities of adulthood.
The San Francisco Bay-area pop punk/hardcore act Set Your Goals named themselves after this album.
A Quick Fix of Melancholy is the fourth EP by Norwegian experimental collective Ulver.
El Baile Alemán is a 2000 album by Señor Coconut Y Su Conjunto.
Cave had to overcome heavy heroin and alcohol addictions in 1999-2000 before starting work on the album.
No Rest for the Wicked is the fifth studio album by English heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne.
Live on Two Legs is the first major live album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam, released on November 24, 1998 through Epic Records.
Arular is the debut studio album by English recording artist M.I.A..
Among these was the number 1 hit "Without You", written by Pete Ham and Tom Evans of the group Badfinger.
It was released on November 16, 2004, by Columbia Records and Sony Urban Music.
"Ordinary Day" charted inside the top forty on the U.S.
Two attendant singles were released during 1968, "You Ain't Goin' Nowhere", which achieved modest success, and "I Am a Pilgrim", which failed to chart.
The first single, "1985", quickly became a Top 40 staple, peaking at No.
A remastered version that includes the 1996 mini-album Kill Trend Suicide was released in 2006.
In terms of chart positions, it was the most successful Cocteau Twins album, reaching No.
"Mama Gave Birth to the Soul Children" peaked at #14 in the UK.
is the fifth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott, released by The Goldmind Inc. and Elektra Records on November 25, 2003 in the United States.
The album achieved Silver certification in the UK, and received a Grammy nomination for Best Contemporary R&B Album.
Everything Ecstatic is the fourth album by Four Tet, released on 23 May 2005.
It provides a safe, secure, and stable environment where these youngsters can regain the hope they lost so long ago and begin the healing process".
"Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun" was the only song all five members appeared on together.
It was recorded illegally at National Geographic's studios after hours and mixed in Los Angeles by Hilary Bercovici, a friend of Frank's.
Three singles were released, two of which reached the top ten in Finland and received music videos.
Reggatta de Blanc proved both more popular and successful than its predecessor.
Sonically, Impossible Princess is a departure from Minogue's previous music, having taken influence by the techno and Britpop revolution in the mid-to-late 1990s.
Both Marillion fans, they approached the band with this remix of the previous record.
The album has a low-key rock sound, mixed with folk, country, psychedelia and pop influences.
After filming was complete, Madonna began work on the film's soundtrack, with songwriter Stephen Sondheim, producer Patrick Leonard and engineer Bill Bottrell.
It was released on March 3, 2005, by Aftermath Entertainment, Shady Records and Interscope Records.
A few of these songs are standards, and their composers well known.
Track 12 was recorded live at The Tressel Tavern, Everett, WA in November 1994.
In September 2010, a documentary film chronicling the making of Darkness was first shown at the Toronto International Film Festival.
In 2012, Rolling Stone ranked it the 101st greatest album of all time.
It was the band's debut release in the United States, with Mercury Records handling distribution in North America.
Reign in Blood's release was delayed because of concerns regarding its graphic artwork and lyrical subject matter.
The phonograph is a device, invented in 1877, for the mechanical recording and reproduction of sound.
Subsequent remixes were done at the Manhattan-based Record Plant Studios.
How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere at All is the second comedy album recorded by The Firesign Theatre.
Live at the Zoom Club is a live album by the band King Crimson, released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in May 2002.
Construction for the Modern Idiot is The Wonder Stuff's fourth album from October 1993, and their last studio album before their split on 15 July 1994.
The album has sold more than 910,000 copies worldwide and was ranked #39 on Rolling Stone's Top 100 Albums of the Decade.
Ride the Lightning is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released on July 27, 1984, by the independent record label Megaforce Records.
"The New Disease" was previously released on a "Volvo Driving Soccer Mom" CD single, and "Sex With a Movie Star" did not appear anywhere else.
As of February 2007, Get Behind Me Satan had sold 850,000 units in the United States.
It is almost entirely the product of Gene Ween making personal recordings in his bedroom.
The title of the album is cockney rhyming slang for "I should think so".
The album was reissued on CD in 1994.
Murder Ballads is the ninth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released in 1996 on Mute Records.
Serving as Gaye's first venture into the funk genre and romance-themed music, Let's Get It On incorporates smooth soul, doo-wop, and quiet storm.
The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released on May 27, 1963 by Columbia Records.
The single taken from it, though, was "Ride Away", which reached #25 in the US charts, #12 in Australia and #34 in the UK.
The video for "In the Morning" was featured on Beavis and Butt-head.
From the Cradle is a 1994 album by Eric Clapton released on 13 September by Warner Bros. Records.
River of Dreams presented a much more serious tone from Joel than found in his previous albums, dealing with issues such as trust and long-lasting love.
Instead, these songs represent the band's part in the early New York hardcore scene.
It was released on 17 February 1978 by record label Bright.
It was released on September 24, 2002.
A neo soul album, Mama's Gun incorporates funk, soul, and jazz styles.
Phish frontman Trey Anastasio recalled in a 1997 interview that the cover came together very quickly on the last day of recording.
There are three pressings of the vinyl.
Upon release it was met with critical and commercial success.
Their method is basically a stream of unconsciousness, a mixture of Dylan Thomas and Mae West, with overtones of Goethe.
The album was released on 4 July 2005 by City Pavement/Infectious Records.
Good as I Been to You is the twenty-eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released on November 3, 1992, by Columbia Records.
Billboard 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, having sold 1,015,000 copies there.
Album of the Year is the sixth studio album by American rock band Faith No More.
The album is the band's last to feature drummer Paul Bostaph until Repentless.
It was produced by Merchant and released on Myth America Records, her independent label.
Handsworth Revolution is a reggae album by Steel Pulse.
It is an enjoyable diversion for fans, but even the band acknowledges that casual listeners will likely find it weird and unlistenable.
The EP features six songs, three originals and three covers.
Alive or Just Breathing was Killswitch Engage's first album on Roadrunner and was recorded from October 2001 to February 2002.
To Whom It May Concern... is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Freestyle Fellowship.
This is the first Live recording to be produced by Jay Healy since their 1990 cassette EP Divided Mind, Divided Planet.
Rockin' into the Night is the third studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special, released in 1980.
It was directed by Chris Robinson and was filmed in Snoop Dogg's own house.
It was further promoted with the successful Come On Over Tour, which visited North America, Oceania and Europe.
Lullabies to Paralyze is the fourth studio album by Queens of the Stone Age, released on March 21, 2005.
The Nightfly is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Donald Fagen.
Sweet Oblivion sold in excess of 300,000 copies on the strength of "Nearly Lost You."
It was released on 14 May 1982 through CBS Records.
World in Motion is the ninth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 1989.
The title song "Quand on a que l'amour" has been covered by Dalida, Céline Dion, Lara Fabian, Patricia Kaas, and Latifa, among others.
2 of One is a video album by the American thrash metal band Metallica.
Recorded at Sarm East, The Manor and Wessex Studios in England, A Day at the Races was engineered by Mike Stone.
"Luv Is a Verb" received a Dove Award for Rap/Hip Hop Recorded Song of the Year at the 25th GMA Dove Awards.
No Doubt embarked on a tour to promote the album.
The front cover gives the title "Die for the Government", but side of the CD reads "Die for Your Government".
Invincible Summer is the ninth solo album by k.d.
3 in the book, 100 Best Australian Albums, in October 2010.
The song "Mask of Sanity" is a remake of the song "Talking of the Trees" from their early demo Shining.
It was recorded live at the Jazz Middelheim Festival and at Flagey studio 4 in August 2003.
Bone Against Steel is the ninth studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special, released in 1991.
A limited release of the record featured clear blue vinyl.
It was released on April 9, 2002.
It is also their last album with rhythm guitarist Adam Gaynor, who left the band in 2005.
The film received generally positive reviews from critics, with many praising Garner's performance and its nostalgic environment.
Often, depiction of nudity, sex, horror, profanity, racial slurs, innuendo, drug use, blasphemy and racism are declared to be worthy of censorship.
The album reportedly got its name as it was recorded in a Portakabin.
The recording sessions for the album were split between two studios in British Columbia, with producer Garth Richardson.
This became a promise which he held for some 20 years.
Seventh Sojourn is the eighth album by The Moody Blues, released in 1972.
Three further singles were released from the album, two of which reached number one in Finland.
No Wow is the second studio album by indie rock band The Kills.
Tracks 1 through 8 are live performances, 9 and 10 are unreleased studio tracks.
Cuatro Caminos is the fifth album by Café Tacuba, released in 2003.
It was the last of the band's albums to feature the three founding vocalists.
It was ranked 27th on Pitchfork Media's list of "The 50 Best Indie Rock Albums of the Pacific Northwest."
Spinefarm Records released a 2-CD special edition version of the album in 2002.
1 hits: "Message in a Bottle" and "Walking on the Moon".
Shadow of the Moon is the debut studio album by the group Blackmore's Night, released June 2, 1997.
Three singles were released from the album, each charting in the US.
This cover was also featured on The Crow soundtrack.
Singles Box Set 1986–1995 is a box set by Duran Duran.
The album has been acknowledged for containing "a wealth of outstanding hard rock guitar tracks".
Lovett's renowned sense of humor and whimsy are temporarily set aside in favor of reflective musings on heartbreak and loss.
On two CDs, it consists of a collection of the best of Satriani's electric guitar tracks remastered.
Four Wall Blackmail is Dead Poetic's debut full-length album, released in 2002 through Solid State Records.
With the successes of "Everybody's Talkin'" and The Point!
The album reached number 1 in the United States, United Kingdom and Australia.
The song "I'll Be Your Man" was used as the theme song for the HBO series Hung.
The album cover depicts the World Trade Center on fire only one year after the 1993 bombing of the North Tower.
Little Worlds is the tenth album by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones, released in 2003.
The album was played from start to finish, marking the first time certain songs had been played in several years.
Cooper called the song “an alcoholic confession”.
Swallow This Live is the first live album by American glam metal band Poison.
Now That's What I Call Quite Good was the post-breakup greatest hits album from The Housemartins.
The album became a commercial and critical success peaking at No.
"In the Quiet Morning" and "Love Song to a Stranger" were released as singles.
In 1987 Danzig re-recorded the guitar and some vocal tracks for the songs, removing the original work done by Pete "Damien" Marshall.
For the first time in their career, the band were able to record the album over a continuous period, uninterrupted by touring commitments.
It was also Yankovic's last studio album for the Scotti Brothers label before leaving for Volcano Records in 1999.
Peddlin' Dreams is the sixth album by American singer/songwriter Maria McKee, released in 2005.
In 2002, the CD was re-released in two formats.
It was released on November 21, 1995, through A&M Records.
They continued to work with Konrad "Conny" Plank, who had been producing the Kraftwerk recording sessions.
In 2013 a box of unsold copies of the album, pressed in 2001, were discovered in storage and sold through a Facebook fan page.
Les Concerts en Chine is a live album by Jean Michel Jarre, recorded in 1981 and released in 1982 on Disques Dreyfus.
Origin of Symmetry is the second studio album by English rock band Muse, released on 17 July 2001 by Mushroom Records and Taste Media.
He was replaced by Billy Burnette and Rick Vito, both guitar players, singers and songwriters.
Like a Prayer is the fourth studio album by American singer Madonna.
The album was recorded and cut at Ocean Way, Hollywood and The Hook, North Hollywood from 1995 to 1996.
Hail to the Thief is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Radiohead.
Tom Weschler also went on to co-write Traveling Man: On the Road & Behind the Scenes with Bob Seger.
In early 2009, Gomez played a small number of shows in Australia that celebrated the 10th anniversary of Bring It On.
The band began as a side project between electronic music artist Jimmy Tamborello and Death Cab for Cutie's vocalist Ben Gibbard.
The tracks "A Scanner Darkly" and "Substance D" are references to the Philip K. Dick science fiction novel, A Scanner Darkly.
It features liner notes by Roy Carr of the New Musical Express.
The cover image was taken by Muffins' guitarist Mark Gane from an apartment he was living in on Bloor Street in Toronto.
The Lost Opera is an album by the Korean soprano Kimera and the Operaiders with the London Symphony Orchestra.
The album was released at a time when the band were experiencing unprecedented recognition in the media.
The Time Machine is the third solo album produced and engineered by Alan Parsons following the split of The Alan Parsons Project.
Junie Morrison plays all the instruments on the title track except the guitar solo which was played by Michael Hampton.
After the success of this album, Barnstorm disbanded, and Walsh continued making albums as a solo artist.
The album also features many "style parodies", or musical imitations that come close to, but do not copy, existing artists.
Life Is Peachy debuted and peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number one in New Zealand.
He also used puns and double-entendres to give his songs an impressionistic quality describing the perception of an experience rather than its specific details.
Lady Soul is the fourteenth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin, Released on January 22, 1968 by Atlantic Records.
It featured London May on drums, Geoff Kresge on stand up bass and Nick 13 on vocals and guitar.
Its practice may have migrated westward during the Middle Ages.
The album frequently uses elements of jazz grooves and breakbeat percussions.
The album peaked at number five in Canada, where it is certified double platinum.
"I did it on purpose to see if I could come up with anything," Raitt said in 1991.
Mettler also took the album's cover photograph.
In August 2009, the webzine Pitchfork Media named "Disconnect the Dots" the 260th track in their staff list "The Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s".
Belarus was the winner of this edition, with 10-year-old Ksenia Sitnik singing her song "My vmeste".
Records are still a favorite format for some audiophiles and by DJs and turntablists in hip hop music, electronic dance music and other styles.
The first single release from Need Your Love was "Rakuen", also featured in the fourth movie in the InuYasha anime series.
"OC Supertones" continues the explanations, stating their stance on the church and some of the band's background.
"Fake Plastic Trees" was released as the album's second single and was followed by "Just".
A Different Kind of Pain is the fourth studio album by American post-grunge band Cold.
is the fifth studio album by American rock band Eels, released in 2003 by record label DreamWorks.
The cover art was by the comic book artist Daniel Clowes.
Mo' Money, Mo' 40z was the self-released debut album released by the band Mest in 1998.
It is considered to be the darkest of the band's albums, having been written after a series of deaths in frontman Peter Steele's family.
The 1996 compact disc reissue also contains five bonus tracks.
CD released in 1996 and DVD released in 2009, it contains the following songs:
After the British version of A Hard Day's Night, it was the second Beatles LP to contain only original material.
As a producer, if you know your room and the mic preamps, you know how things are going to sound.
So in a way it was a refresher course that set the framework for this album."
This theme is visited throughout the album, which is lyrically filled with childhood recollections of loss, displacement, anger and hopelessness.
Funkentelechy Vs. the Placebo Syndrome is a funk album by Parliament, released in 1977.
Stories We Could Tell is a country rock album by The Everly Brothers, released in 1972.
Promos were sent out and three of the new songs were previewed in the band's 23rd Peel Session, recorded 19 February and broadcast 13 March 2003.
The band toured in Europe and North America to support the release of the album.
London Calling is the third studio album by English punk rock band the Clash.
The promotional version of the album features an alternate version of the song "Seven Ways to Sunday".
A Vision of Misery is the third full-length album by the thrash metal band Sadus, released in 1992.
This was a great achievement as all of their other album releases were simultaneously awarded a higher accreditation.
A similar style is also used on the Front 242 live performance DVD, Catch the Men.
Musically, the album fuses alternative metal with a diverse array of genres, including industrial music, gothic rock, punk rock, techno and hip hop.
They especially praised Hamauzu, both for his work in the original soundtrack and in arranging the themes for Piano Collections Final Fantasy X.
The album boasts a well-produced, radio-ready sheen unheard since Phillips' days with Toad the Wet Sprocket.
Following the group's record deal, they released their debut album Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip which was met with positive reviews and commercial success.
Sweetnighter is Weather Report's fourth album, released on Columbia Records in 1973.
Gilmour's new wife, Polly Samson, co-wrote many of the lyrics, which deal with themes of communication.
Back in Black was recorded over seven weeks in the Bahamas in spring 1980.
The songs "So Long" and "Three Hopeful Thoughts" feature lead vocals by Blake Sennett.
The recording sessions saw some tension between the band members, as each had a different vision for the album.
It was co-produced by the Grammy Award-winning Arif Mardin, in association with Alan Tarney, and Christopher Neil producing the other tracks.
The album was recorded at The Town & Country Club in London on 13 June 1988.
Warner Bros. Records released The Story So Far on 12 November 2001 and the next day The Voice was released.
Because of the later fame of the Beatles, the material has been repackaged several times.
Kraftwerk 2 is the second studio album by German electronic band Kraftwerk, released in January 1972.
Their last release on Lookout!, the album marks their transition away from their previous pop punk sound and towards a more hard rock sound.
For the role of producer, Osbourne worked with Linda Perry, widely known for working with artists such as Christina Aguilera, Pink, Courtney Love and Gwen Stefani.
It is also Don Kerr's final album with the band.
The album was released in November 1992 and peaked at number 3 in June 1994.
The Japan version refers to "J'en ai marre!"
5 on Billboard's Adult Top 40 chart.
The game's music was well received overall; reviewers praised the additions to the soundtrack by the two new composers for the series.
Love Over and Over is the fifth album by Kate & Anna McGarrigle, released in 1982.
Rough and Ready is the third album by The Jeff Beck Group and the first of two by the second Jeff Beck Group.
Murder Was the Case is a 1994 short film and soundtrack album starring and performed by Snoop Doggy Dogg.
Subterranean Jungle was not very successful commercially, peaking at number 83 on the US Billboard 200 and failing to chart internationally.
Forever Delayed is a greatest hits album and DVD by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers, released in 2002 by record label Epic.
Saturday Night Fever: The Original Movie Sound Track is the soundtrack album from the 1977 film Saturday Night Fever starring John Travolta.
Underneath the Colours is the second album by Australian rock group INXS.
Bad Bad One is the fourth album by the American singer-songwriter Meredith Brooks, released in 2002.
This album, along with Candy Apple Grey, showcases the increasing maturity of Mould and Hart's writing—a change which alienated some long-time fans.
Originally scheduled for a 1999 release, Mushroom released Impossible Remixes in Australia in July 1998 after releasing the UK counterpart Mixes earlier than its original date.
The album declares itself TMBG's first album "for the entire family", with the intention that songs appeal to both young and old audiences.
Mail Dominance is the seventh full-length studio album by Esham, released in 1999.
The album reached number 26 in the United States and number 14 in the United Kingdom.
They are all in the vein of Ochs' first two albums, with their focus on human and civil rights stories seemingly pulled from Newsweek.
Under the Blade has sold over two million copies worldwide.
The track "Suffer the Children" was released as single on vinyl and CD, which features the non-album tracks "Siege of Power" and "Harmony Corruption".
Bound By the Beauty is a 1989 album by Jane Siberry.
The album was certified Gold in Australia in 2014.
Produced by George Martin, it was the fifth UK album release by the band, and contains fourteen songs in its original British form.
This rite was carried out on December 26, Saint Stephen's Day, and is connected to early Christmas celebrations.
Mikael Stanne said that the lyrics on this album are about the frailty of life.
Accompanying Clapton on this album are Andy Fairweather-Low, Steve Gadd, Nathan East, Billy Preston, Greg Phillinganes, and David Sancious.
The album also includes a track called "Waste" dedicated to a teenage fan who committed suicide.
The Blind Leading the Naked is the third album by Violent Femmes.
The album is also an enhanced CD.
Surrealistic Pillow is the second album by American rock band Jefferson Airplane, released on February 1, 1967, by RCA Victor.
The album is a selection of songs from Queen's heavier side.
The single "Sleeping Sun" was released in August 1999 and the song has been included in every re-issue of the album since then.
Time Fades Away received much critical praise, has been widely pirated and is highly sought after by fans.
Straight Outta Cashville is the debut studio album by Young Buck, released August 24, 2004 on G Unit & Interscope.
We can only admire their straightforward point of view.
Split the Difference is the 2004 album by UK band Gomez.
It is a complete re-recording of Oldfield's 1973 album debut Tubular Bells, which had been released 30 years earlier.
It is certified gold in the US and Canada.
It is compiled of songs from some of their earlier albums, including their best known album Jesus Freak.
was used on the soundtrack to the 1988 film Earth Girls Are Easy.
It was released as a double album in March 1987 by their American record company, Sire Records.
It was released while Ednaswap's label, Island, was going through a troubled time, reorganizing staff and cutting artists that weren't considered successful enough.
The Polyfuze Method is the second album by Kid Rock, released in 1993 on the independent record label Continuum Records.
Big Boi and Dre Present... OutKast is the first OutKast greatest hits album, released on Arista Records in 2001.
It was officially reissued by Astralwerks on 29 May 2001.
were generally weaker than their previous album, but overall successful, spawning the popular singles "Legal Tender," "Whammy Kiss," and "Song for a Future Generation."
Throwing the Game is the second full-length album by Lucky Boys Confusion, and their first on a major label.
", "Let's Push Things Forward", "Weak Become Heroes" and "Don't Mug Yourself".
Venomous Villain is a studio album by British-American rapper/producer MF Doom.
Several other artists made contributions to various tracks on the album.
Levi studied magic and practiced necromancy on several occasions.
"Ripchord" and "It Just Is" were written in response to the death of Elliott Smith.
Be Not Nobody was certified gold by the RIAA in June 2002, and platinum in October 2002.
It was also given a straight reissue under the name All The Hits & More - The Early Days, with no additional tracks.
Goss has noted that while the title are to an extent autobiographical, unlike she states in the music video, she has never attempted suicide.
Tales from the Punchbowl is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Primus, released on June 6, 1995.
Victory Gardens was produced by Lombardo and recorded at Mitch Easter's Chapel Hill Drive-In Studio in Winston-Salem, NC.
The articles in English grammar are the and a/an, and in certain contexts some.
The first single from the album, "Who Can It Be Now?
Have You Ever Been in Love is the tenth studio album by recording artist Leo Sayer.
In 2005, a DVD of this concert was also released.
It was rereleased with Man Ray, Vol.
The album title was inspired by the bad press Nilsson and Lennon were getting at the time for being drunk and rowdy in Los Angeles.
It contained the complete set of U2 albums, singles, live, rare and previously unreleased material from 1978 to 2004, with a total of 446 songs.
Sit Down Young Stranger is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's sixth original album and also his best-selling original album.
It was released on January 25, 2005 and as an Enhanced CD.
It was supported by the Construction Time Again Tour.
Say It Loud is an album by the band Sanctus Real.
Let It Roll is the eighth studio album by the American rock band Little Feat, released in 1988.
The album was promoted by a sampler) featuring a commentary by John Peel, which included the following comments:
The Memory of Trees received mostly positive reviews from music critics.
18 in the UK Albums Chart in 1977.
It was released on September 5, 1989, by A&M Records.
An acoustic version of "Counting Blue Cars" which featured an extended bridge was also popular on radio.
The albums contain songs sung by well-known charting artists as well as performers signed to Disney that the company wanted to promote.
American Stars 'n Bars is the eighth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young, released on Reprise Records in 1977.
His next attempt at a second solo album was a collaboration with producer Keith Olsen.
For the Islamic eschatological figure see Dajjal.
The album was remastered and released on CD with two bonus tracks in 2000 and with five bonus tracks in 2006.
While Starr typically performs his well-known hits from his heyday, he does venture here to include "Memphis In Your Mind" from Ringo Rama.
Frequently, family friendly products avoid marketing solely to children and attempt to make the product palatable to adults as well.
The album was released in September 1988 by Nettwerk Records and was supported by the VIVIsectVI tour as well as two singles, "Censor" and "Testure".
Cruelty and the Beast is the third studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth.
It was released by Arista Records on November 6, 1990.
Set Your Goals is the debut album of the punk rock band CIV.
Done by the Forces of Nature peaked at number 46 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Ramones contains a cover of the Chris Montez song "Let's Dance".
Title of Record is the second album by American industrial rock band Filter.
is the fourth studio album by Christian rock band Daniel Amos, issued on Newpax Records in April 1981.
This album was initially released with four different covers, each one depicting a separate car wreck.
"I Never" and "Ripchord" were included in several feature films including Must Love Dogs, Conversations with Other Women, and John Tucker Must Die.
To Bring You My Love would be the first of Harvey's many collaborations with Flood and Parish.
It contains a collection of songs by various punk rock artists, some of which were previously unreleased.
You Can All Join In is a budget priced sampler album, released in the UK by Island Records in 1969.
From Enslavement to Obliteration is the second album by grindcore band Napalm Death, released in 1988.
A video was shot for the medley and it received moderate rotation on BET and MTV.
Both the album and title single also scored #1 on the US country music albums and singles charts respectively.
It also features additional footage recorded during three concerts at the same venue in January 2002.
Both songs were smash hits in the UK as well, reaching number 12 and 3 respectively.
Each single sleeve featured the band on the sofa in a different location.
The Wall remains the last studio album released with the 11-year-spanning line-up of Waters, Gilmour, keyboardist Rick Wright, and drummer Nick Mason.
The album is mostly influenced by new wave music and post-punk.
It contains remixed tracks and b-sides from the album The Private Press.
It consists of vocal noises by Patton himself.
The Chronic is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Dr. Dre.
It also included cardboard cutout figures featuring Loyd's cartoon illustrations of most of the characters mentioned in the songs.
A dual carriageway or divided highway is a class of highway with carriageways for traffic travelling in opposite directions separated by a central reservation.
It was the last album they recorded as a group before disbanding in late 1993.
The majority of the album's recording commenced in the first week of 1963, three months after the release of Surfin' Safari.
The critical reaction to the album was mixed.
Funky Monks was originally released on VHS but was re-released on DVD.
Internationally, it is her most famous album.
In 1986 Nelson starred as the Red Headed Stranger in a movie of the same name, based on the story of the album.
It saw the band continuing to integrate elements of psychedelic rock into their music, a process they had begun on their previous album, Fifth Dimension.
The full unedited version of the track can be found on the Hawkwind Anthology album.
The album's release followed the success of the group's 1979 first single, "Video Killed the Radio Star", which reached number 1 on the UK Singles Chart.
Wacko Magnetos debut encountered other setbacks as well.
is the second Beatles album released in the United States.
Although the two albums look different, the actual songs themselves are very similar.
Being one of the few hardcore punk bands of Sweden back in 1989, their fast and energetic tunes were the starting point of Sweden's hardcore scene.
With growing assurance they appeared in front of a small, invited audience.
Soundtrack to Your Escape is the seventh studio album of Swedish metal band In Flames.
Time Out of Mind is the thirtieth studio album by the American musician Bob Dylan, released on September 30, 1997, by Columbia Records.
Man in the Hills was a much quieter and more restrained album than its predecessor, and was more astoral and dreamlike than militant and radical.
Chiastic Slide is the fourth studio album by the British electronic music group Autechre, released 24 February 1997 by Warp Records.
Bergman Rock's second album Bonjour Baberiba Pt II was recorded in only seven days.
and Ol' Man River are two of TISM's best known tracks.
As with their previous album, it was written entirely through group improvisations: no material developed prior to recording was used.
The band stayed with Epitaph Records for their next release, Living Targets, in 2002.
Although it was critically and commercially successful, Trent Reznor feuded with TVT Records during the album's promotion.
Further recordings without the Beatles filled out the album.
Just Be Free is a demo album released by Warlock Records featuring music recorded by American recording artist Christina Aguilera.
Soundtrack to Your Escape reached number 3 in Sweden.
There were three singles released from the album.
The spoken sample at the end of 'Never Rest Again' fades out on this release.
A 'ten man mop' would be a very poor show, since there would be few potential employees to choose from.
Slappy is the second EP by American punk rock band Green Day.
All the remixes are of songs from the band's eponymous album, Blur.
This was also the final album featuring bassist Joe Loeffler, who departed from the band in 2005.
The album reached number 191 on the Billboard 200 and #11 on Heatseekers.
End of the Century spawned the singles "Baby, I Love You" and "Do You Remember Rock 'n' Roll Radio?," both of which charted in Europe.
Frally Hynes, Folds' Australian then-girlfriend performed frantic lead vocals on "Root to This".
At the end of the "Lay Down Your Arms" track, there is a hidden track.
The album marks a slight departure from the established musical style of the group, with many experiments and new influences including plenty of ska motifs.
The album's lyrics explore such themes as women's rights, and police brutality.
Aesop Rock references the album and its rarity on his 2002 EP Daylight in the track "Alchemy."
In 2000 Q magazine placed The Three EPs at number 74 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever.
Prove You Wrong is the third album by the metal band Prong.
As with their first album, The B-52's traveled to Compass Point Studios in the Bahamas to record Wild Planet.
The album also peaked at #6 on the Billboard R&B chart.
Acoustic sounds are more predominant than in Tanghetto's debut album Emigrante.
His feelings toward the song have remained negative:
Forever Your Girl is the debut studio album by American singer Paula Abdul.
Love Sensuality Devotion: The Remix Collection is a 2001 remix album of remixed songs made by Enigma.
The band Ruben and the Jets were named after this album.
The Song Remains the Same is the live soundtrack album of the concert film of the same name by the English rock band Led Zeppelin.
As of September 2008, Feast on Scraps had sold 76,000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.
Wytches and Vampyres is a best-of compilation released by British goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus.
EP version of "Happy with What You Have to Be Happy With" is longer by one chorus.
The singer and the album were honored by the highest accolade given by SACEM, the Prix Vincent Scotto in 2002.
It was reissued on CD in 2002.
It was released on 27 January 1992 on Wiiija Records.
Big Loada is a 1997 EP by UK drum and bass and acid artist Squarepusher.
"The Triumph of Hope Over Experience" is an album by Robb Johnson released in 2002.
Up All Night is the debut album for Rob Mills released on 14 June 2004.
Painiac is a 1995 EP released by Raymond Watts.
Not since Isaac Newton sat in a bath and discovered that apples could stun Archimedes, has such a fully fledged Weltanschauung emerged.
Of its singles – "Old Siam, Sir", "Getting Closer" and "Arrow Through Me" – only "Getting Closer" made the top 20 in Britain or America.
The album's title comes from an interview Zevon did on the Late Show with David Letterman following Zevon's having been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer.
The album was reissued in 1993 by Geffen Records.
It is an instrumental cover version of Paul and Linda McCartney's 1971 album, Ram.
Stephen Holden of The New York Times wrote that Collins was "quietly revolutionising and expanding the role of the drums in pop record making".
Many reviewers called it a classic return to form and their best album since 1972's Exile on Main St.
Amos created female personae for each track and was photographed as each, with makeup done by Kevyn Aucoin.
In the United States, it reached a new peak of number two on the Billboard 200.
Aiken has toured four times with his Joyful Noise Tour to promote this album.
Wide Awake in America is a four-track EP by the Irish rock band U2, released in 1985.
Originally formed as a side project for Pixies bassist Kim Deal, The Breeders quickly became her primary recording outlet.
The centerpiece of the performance is a retelling of British history from Stonehenge through to the Reformation.
Getting Away with Murder peaked at number 17 on the Billboard 200.
One of the album's tracks, "(I Never Loved) Eva Braun", was described by one critic as "the happiest, cheeriest, best upbeat song about Hitler ever written."
The story of the album also focused on the Bosnian War, which was ongoing at the time.
It was released in 1999 through Spinefarm Records in Europe and through Century Media in the United States.
The front cover shows Peter at his drawing board, whereas the back shows a screen print frame for the Peter Saville Show exhibition poster.
Kill the Moonlight is the fourth album by the rock band Spoon, released on August 20, 2002, to critical acclaim.
It is also the first in nine years to feature original bassist Geezer Butler.
The album included the singles, "Got the Time" and "In My World".
In November 2010, Adeline Records released a special edition pressing on purple vinyl, limited to 500 copies.
According to NOFX's official website, S&M Airlines sold 3,500 copies upon its release.
It was released on 6 October 1986 through Warner Bros. Records.
Something to Write Home About is the first Get Up Kids album to include James Dewees playing keyboards.
The band felt a large portion of this was on the record company's lack of promotion.
Sings Salvadore Poe is an album by Swedish singer Lisa Ekdahl, released in 2001.
In July 1992, the song "Pretend We're Dead" gained popularity among American rock radio stations, where it received regular airplay.
The autobiographical title song was written for her son, Gabriel Harris, and was performed on The Muppet Show in 1980.
The album includes Siberry's most famous song, "Calling All Angels", a duet with k.d.
Billboard Top LPs chart and at number 28 on the Top Black Albums chart.
The album has received critical acclaim, and was in the UK charts for many weeks, charting in each year from its release in 1995 until 2000.
It is the last Underoath recording to feature vocalist Dallas Taylor and guitarist Octavio Fernandez, but is the first to include guitarist Timothy McTague.
It was released in March 1990 on Ensign/Chrysalis Records.
Branigan is the debut album by American singer Laura Branigan, recorded in 1981 and released in March 1982 on Atlantic Records.
Cam'ron, Jay-Z and Freeway also appear on the album.
It was released on March 3, 1972, by Tamla Records.
This group would go on to become Le Tigre.
Davis regularly works with music producer Alex Gibson, who produced his last five studio albums.
In her autobiography, "And a Voice to Sing With", Baez described Blowin' Away as "a good album with a terrible cover".
Fine Young Cannibals the debut album released in 1985 by the band of the same name.
Wild Gift is the second album by the American punk rock band X, released in 1981.
None of the re-releases have included the original number of pages of liner notes.
The album is also referred to as simply 1985 on the heading of the music videos for its singles and in online stores.
The album is divided into two parts between "Rest Will Flow" and "Hatesong".
The video for the song "Rolling" was also produced, which was synced with a scene from a Betty Boop cartoon.
The song "Dreamville" is played at the end of the DVD that was released to commemorate the 2002 Anaheim Angels' World Series win.
Apart from the case of branch predication, this is always achieved by selectively altering the control flow based on some condition.
For Never & Ever is Kill Hannah's major label debut album, released October 14, 2003.
The songs featured sparse arrangements, largely limited to Nelson's guitar, piano and drums.
Amusingly, the word "Britannia" is misspelled in the official title.
Reviews were positive and by September 1992, it had reached Platinum status in the United States.
Late Registration was released by Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings on August 30, 2005, to widespread critical acclaim.
The album sold 250,000 copies in Japan and entered the Billboard 200 and R&B Albums charts in the United States.
The song "White Hot" is about poet Arthur Rimbaud and his travels through Africa.
A limited edition of Too High to Die included the 10" vinyl promo EP Raw Meat.
The first 3,000 copies of the album included a five track bonus CD of live recordings.
It eventually sold over seven million copies in the US alone.
The album was released in the United Kingdom on 7 July 2003 and in the United States on 5 August 2003.
The record was responsible for breaking the band in the United States and has been noted for its influence on contemporary pop punk music.
South of Heaven is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer.
Most of the sessions were extensively filmed, at the request of Nilsson.
In February 1996, he was cleared of all charges and began working on his second album without Dr. Dre providing work as a record producer.
Warp released "Quoth" as a single in March 1993.
It was recorded over a weekend during May 1998, and was intended as a demo for record companies.
Degüello was produced by Bill Ham, recorded and mixed by Terry Manning, and mastered by Bob Ludwig.
The two never worked on a major project again.
It is a concept album, formatted as a collection of unrelated songs interspersed with faux commercials and public service announcements.
Straight Outta Compton redefined the direction of hip hop, which resulted in lyrics concerning the gangster lifestyle becoming the driving force in sales figures.
All Things New is the thirteenth studio album by Steven Curtis Chapman.
The compilation has sold over 500,000 copies.
Rust in Peace features complex musical structures and lyrical themes such as nuclear war and UFOs.
He began using marijuana and LSD, which he says had profound effects on the way he perceived and composed music.
"We Said Hello Goodbye" was remixed for the film Playing for Keeps.
This album was keyboardist James Gray's first album with the band
Electric Café is the ninth studio album by the electronic group Kraftwerk, originally released in 1986.
Un-Led-Ed is the debut album by Dread Zeppelin.
The album was reissued in remastered format on CD in 2008.
The End of Heartache is the third studio album by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage.
Also, this version of "Lawyers, Guns and Money" is played in the key of G major rather than A Major, the key in the studio version.
2 on the UK Albums Chart and No.
It was produced by Brett Gurewitz of Bad Religion fame and Ken Casey of the Dropkick Murphys.
Some versions of the album come with a sticker saying "WARNING track one contains some possibly offensive blue language"
None of the twelve pieces are titled on the album cover.
The album is compiled of reworked tracks from the band's Purest Feeling demo, as well as songs composed after its original recording.
The album does not include new songs but instead re-recordings of songs from Bruce's first two solo-albums with his new band line-up.
Van Halen is the debut studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen.
A limited edition includes a DVD on which King Diamond is telling the story of The Puppet Master.
The live DVD was re-released on Blu-ray, on October 18, 2011.
's is the fifth studio album by American rock singer/songwriter Bob Seger, released in 1972.
Let's Get It On became the most commercially successful album of Gaye's recording career, and it further expanded his creative control during his tenure with Motown.
It peaked at #97 in the US and #46 in the UK.
Kelly issued its lead single, "Give in to My Love", in October 1995 and followed with "Deeper Water" later that year.
Bedtime for Democracy is the fourth and final studio album released by Dead Kennedys.
Got to Be There is the debut studio album by Michael Jackson, released by Motown on January 24, 1972.
A third track, "Made of Glass", was recorded for the album but not used; it was included on the physical releases of "Giving You Up".
The album expanded Radiohead's international popularity and has sold more than 6 million copies worldwide.
In addition to the title single, Parton's composition "Two Doors Down" also scored on both the US pop and country music charts.
"Keeping Me Alive" was one of the outtakes from the sessions for the album.
Ummagumma is the fourth album by the English rock band Pink Floyd.
Youthanasia is the sixth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth, released on November 1, 1994 through Capitol Records.
                exponent
It is the final studio album by the band to be released through Slash/Warner Bros., as well as their last album of new material until 2015.
It reached number 1 on the UK Indie Chart.
The concert is notable for its dynamic set design by Robert Lepage.
It was released on May 2, 2000 by Island Records.
King Crimson's Argentinian shows in late 1994 were the first live performances by the band in over ten years.
Night on Earth is an album by Tom Waits, released in 1992 on Island Records.
What's Love Got to Do with It is the eighth solo album by Tina Turner, released on Parlophone in 1993.
What to Do When You Are Dead received mixed-to-favourable reviews and went on to sell over 200,000 copies.
It sold fewer than half as many copies as Blood Sugar Sex Magik and received much less critical acclaim.
It is also the last recording to feature the band's original line-up, as drummer Sal Abruscato would leave Type O Negative in late 1993.
Page Avenue is the debut studio album by American rock band Story of the Year.
Get the Knack is the debut album by the Knack, released in June 1979.
A remaster was made available on March 22, 2005.
"New York State of Mind," "I've Loved These Days," and "This Night" are a tone lower.
It reached #197 on the Billboard 200.
However, its melodic, jangly folk-punk has made it an enduring classic of Canadian music.
Be Here Now is the third studio album by English rock band Oasis, released on 21 August 1997 by Creation Records.
Beautiful Circle is the second studio album by Australian country music singer Sara Storer.
Footage from the documentary was compiled for use in the "Suck My Kiss" music video, which was released in 1992.
The album fused diverse influences such as shoegazing, dream pop, heavy metal and progressive rock.
Metamatic is an album by John Foxx, released in 1980.
Allmusic concludes that the EP "isn't much more than a throwaway, but it is an extremely enjoyable one".
The song was later included in a 2-CD compilation, Campfire Songs: The Popular, Obscure and Unknown Recordings, released on 24 January 2004, by Elektra/Asylum/Rhino Records.
The album was recorded and mixed at Thrill Hill West, Springsteen's home studio in Los Angeles, California.
The single "Jenny Brown" peaked at #84 on the 1963 Pop Singles chart.
"Tables Will Turn" is a song about social inequity and how inevitably the situation will change.
Recording began in August 1987 at Le Studio in Morin Heights, Quebec, and continued sporadically until the following May with visits to Montserrat and Bermuda.
The album was commissioned by the National Gallery of Canada to accompany its Group of Seven retrospective show.
Songs for the Front Row is the 2001 "Best of" album by British rock group Ocean Colour Scene.
Sting adapted the first quatrain of William Blake's Auguries of Innocence for the first four sung lines of "Send Your Love".
"Procession" is an arrangement of the tune of the Child Ballad "Fause Foodrage".
The White Albun is the sixth and final studio album by Australian alternative rock band TISM, released on 24 June 2004 by Madman Entertainment.
She collaborated on A New Day Has Come with various producers, including Anders Bagge and Peer Åström for the first time.
And All That Could Have Been is a double album released by Nine Inch Nails in 2002.
Surprisingly, the disc also made it to #31 on Billboard's Black Albums chart.
Tower of Song: The Songs of Leonard Cohen is a tribute album to Leonard Cohen, released in 1995 on A&M Records.
This prompted an editorial in Billboard magazine questioning whether the act was art or advertising.
For the most part, it has been incorporated into most CD versions of Fingerprince, beginning in 1988.
He set Badu up to record a duet with D'Angelo, "Your Precious Love," and eventually signed her to a record deal with Universal Records.
Drawing lyrical inspiration from his impending prison sentence, troubles with the police, and poverty, the record is described as 2Pac's most introspective album.
Bush Doctor is the third studio album by Jamaican singer Peter Tosh.
The album has sold over 966,000 copies in the United States as of November 2009.
There were also reports that Ireland had planned to enter the programme.
Although it was recorded in late 1964, the album was not released until January 1966 on the United Artists label.
It was recorded during their Japanese tour in 2000 at their show in Tokyo.
This release did not include the DVD, but did include two additional tracks, "Teenagers from Mars" and "Hammer of the Gods".
It was the only full-length album to feature drummer Michael Schorr.
The record was pressed on a few colors of vinyl including a 50/50 version that was half solid yellow wax, and half clear red.
Though the album was well received by critics, it sold only 10,000 copies in its first week of release.
The album spawned two singles, "When the Generals Talk" and "Best of Both Worlds" but neither appeared on the Australian singles chart.
Compiled from recording sessions scattered over a 29-month period, it includes "Like a Hurricane," one of Young's best-known songs.
Upon release, it reached number two on the US albums chart and yielded six singles.
It is also the first Savatage album to have guitarist Chris Caffery playing the majority of the guitar solos.
It became a bestseller and was Jarre's first album to achieve mainstream success.
This album contained the hit single "Don't Forget to Remember" which hit No.
The album booklet features a six-page story of how Natasha became the "Terrifyer".
It was released on 22 November 1988, through EMI Records in the United Kingdom and Columbia Records in the United States.
", "Milano Mosh", "Chromatic Death," and "Sargent D and the S.O.D.
A music video was produced for the album's single, "We Will Rise," which saw moderate airing on Headbanger's Ball and Uranium.
To date it remains the band's only album to top the Billboard 200.
When the cover pictures were taken the group was not made aware by Decca that the shots would be used for a US album.
In an interview for Mojo Magazine, Ralf Hütter regretted the fact that they could not include recordings from their 2004 concert in Santiago de Chile:
The video was re-released by Kung Fu in 2002 as a double-disc DVD with additional performances, band commentary and other bonus material.
Disconnection Notice is the fifth official album by Goldfinger.
Sexie is the name of the 2003 tour by Eddie Izzard.
Most notably, they served as a musical and visual prototype for the 1980s post-punk movement's gothic rock scene.
Slowhand produced the two hit singles "Lay Down Sally" and "Wonderful Tonight", reached various international music charts and was honored with numerous awards and recording certifications.
Even though live tracks were used for the "Condemnation" single and the Mute Tonal Evidence 6 tape, no song from Milan is available on the album.
The cover art is by artist Ron Cobb.
A music video was also produced for the song.
8 on the Top Contemporary Christian Albums Chart.
It was first released to the public by Capricorn Records and Warner Bros. Records on September 6, 1994.
Madonna became interested in the concept, noting that she hated when others remixed her songs and wanted to do it by herself.
Cœur de pirate covered the album's title track on the soundtrack album for the fifth season of the television drama series Trauma.
The first Death in June material to be released in CD format, this album compiles and reinterprets output from 1985 through 1987.
With an estimated 45 million copies sold, it is Pink Floyd's most commercially successful album and one of the best-selling worldwide.
The album's making was a long one, during which conflicts with Warner Bros. Records arose.
It was released in 2005 in three different editions.
Jeff Porcaro, then only 20 years old, played drums on all the songs except "Any World", which features session drummer Hal Blaine.
The release also contains a musical re-telling of Samuel Taylor Coleridge's "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner", which uses pieces of the original poem as lyrics.
The CD version was released by Restless Records and correctly lists the song titles as described above.
Stevie Ray Vaughan wrote half the tracks on Couldn't Stand the Weather.
This album was screwed and chopped by Paul Wall.
Rock in a Hard Place is the seventh studio album by American hard rock band Aerosmith, released on August 1, 1982 by Columbia Records.
While "Levi Stubbs' Tears" peaked at No.
In particular, the danceable track "Stay Loose" proved to be the first in a series of songs that further diverged from their roots.
It was released on 27 April 1987 and reached No.
Before 2013's Pinnacle of Bedlam, this was the only full-length album by Suffocation not to feature Mike Smith as a drummer.
Monty Python Sings is a compilation album of comedy songs by the Monty Python team.
The album reached Platinum status in Canada, but did not chart in the USA.
Many in the band were struggling, however, with heroin addictions, and checked into rehab to confront these problems.
It is notable that this was only Ukraine's second participation in the contest.
In 2007 the editors of Vanity Fair magazine ranked the original Trainspotting soundtrack as the 7th best motion picture soundtrack in history.
Station to Station is the tenth studio album by English musician David Bowie, released by RCA Records in 1976.
A Heavy Nite With... is the debut album by British band Relaxed Muscle fronted by Pulp's Jarvis Cocker, using the pseudonym Darren Spooner.
The album is ranked 86th in the 2007 book The Top 100 Canadian Albums by music journalist Bob Mersereau.
Stomp 442 is the only Anthrax album not featuring the traditional Anthrax logo on its artwork.
Suedehead: The Best of Morrissey is a compilation album by Morrissey containing material released during his EMI period.
40 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Christian Albums Chart.
Many of the songs from that first performance are on the album, including "Little Faces", "Mr. Oysterhead," "Rubberneck Lions," "Pseudo Suicide," and "Owner of the World."
From Chaos is the sixth studio album by 311, released on June 19, 2001.
This graffiti was penned by early band member Davis Manning, describing the impact that the band was having on his relationship with his girlfriend.
The single "Most High" was awarded a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1999.
When stock ran out, poor quality bootleg copies started to turn up in huge quantities.
The album reached a peak position of #57 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Unlike Jackson's previous studio albums, the album was not commercially successful worldwide.
It was released on Quadraphonic 8-track tape and CD-4 LP.
Nellyville peaked at number one on the US Billboard 200, selling 715,000 copies in its opening week.
The album contains one previously unreleased track, "Bittersweet", recorded for this release.
It was also the first album not to feature original guitarist/vocalist Terry Kath, who died from an accidental self-inflicted gunshot wound in January 1978.
The album topped the UK Albums Chart and reached number thirty-six on the American Billboard 200 chart.
"Blue Moon Revisited" was originally released on It Came from Canada, Vol.
It spawned the #1 R&B hit "Cry for You"; the classic #2 R&B hit "Feenin'", and the Top 15 R&B hit "What About Us".
It was released by Prawn Song Records, a label owned by Les Claypool.
It was released in the UK four days after his nineteenth birthday on 14 May 1965, through Pye Records.
Two songs feature lyrical tributes to Martin Luther King Jr.
The album is made up of songs from the same recording sessions for Rollercoaster.
The album features an array of Morrissey's most popular songs from his early solo career, most of which had not been released on any previous album.
A high-quality second-gen lossless version of this release now circulates among bittorrent users at http://browntracker.net with the band's consent.
This new CD can be played on both SACD players and conventional CD players.
The melancholic mood of the recording reflects Harrison's depressed state at the harsh criticism generated by these projects.
The tracks "Sins of the Next Man" and "Birthday Pony" were also included on the band's debut release, She Fucks Me.
It was released on 7 November 1981, and re-issued on CD on 22 August 1995.
"Stay Loose" was released to radio on February 24, 2004.
It was mixed in September 2003 at Cello Studios in Los Angeles and was assisted by Steven Rhodes.
The tour in the Far East led to the band's first live album, Tokyo Tales.
Some of the eclecticism of the samples is owed to their origins in Salvation Army shops.
Like The Age of Plastic it was positively received by critics.
Their version, which was produced by Vandals guitarist Warren Fitzgerald, received mainstream exposure and popularity and spawned a music video.
Wedding Album is the final in a succession of three experimental albums by John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
Liberal Animation is the debut album by the American punk rock band NOFX.
Produced and mixed by Steve Osborne, Head Music features a more electronic sound, which was a new approach for the band.
The Last Record Album is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Little Feat, released in 1975.
Concert: The Cure Live is the first live album by English rock band the Cure.
The fourth side consisted of studio tracks from the Duke sessions and their 3×3 EP.
The DVD's producer Kevin Shirley spent hours replacing cymbal and drum hits one-by-one.
Incense and Peppermints is the first album by psychedelic rock band Strawberry Alarm Clock.
Christmas Eve and Other Stories is the debut album by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra.
"Rose of Sharyn" had the group performing in a sunny desert with blood dripping from dead branches to form words.
It was their debut major label release.
The article written by Brett Burmster incorrectly states this as fact.
Sometimes You Have to Work on Christmas is an EP that was released by Harvey Danger in December 2004 on the band's own label, Phonographic Records.
In the United States, copies sold at Circuit City stores included a third disc containing new club remixes.
The album peaked at #134 on the Billboard 200.
Hot in the Shade is the 15th studio album by Kiss, released in 1989.
Dogg Food led the way for Daz to become the top in-house producer for Death Row until his departure in the late 1990s.
Christmas Hymns and Carols is a collection of carols and other religious songs recorded between 1950 and 1956.
In January 2014, the band confirmed they would be performing Pornograffiti in its entirety on their 2014 Europe and UK tour.
Guest musicians include George Thorogood and Joe Satriani.
In 2013, NME ranked the album at number 6 in its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
The First 20 Hits is a greatest hits collection from Erasure, released in 1992 by Mute Records in the UK and Elektra Records in the US.
Not One Night is an EP by the hard rock band Mr. Big.
It was primarily produced by Timbaland, with additional production from Craig Brockman, Nisan Stewart and Elliott herself.
Rwake is a Southern sludge metal band from North Little Rock, Arkansas.
The album has twelve pieces, most of which are instrumental music.
By the Way contained very little of the signature punk-funk fusion the band had become known for playing.
Hits+ is the second compilation album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue, which was released on 7 November 2000 by Deconstruction Records.
The album was released through Century Media and is the first release to feature the classic lineup as Marco Biazzi joined the band.
It was released in 1997 through Aesthetic Death Records.
She co-wrote all but four tracks, and often changed the lyrics to suit herself.
Zoot Allures is a 1976 rock album by Frank Zappa.
It was released on 19 March 2001 by record label Virgin.
The grandiose, ambitious, and heavily orchestrated album was greeted with enthusiastic reviews but muted commercial response.
There is also a bonus video of 'Boogie-Woogie No.5' able to be viewed on a QuickTime Player when inserted into a computer.
It hints at many of the features — such as odd time signatures and surreal lyrics — that would become trademarks of Beefheart's music.
Other singles from the album included "Ya Lo He Vivido" and "Será."
It features songs from all the band's albums to that date except One Hour by the Concrete Lake.
In 1992, Badmotorfinger was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance.
            
A sample from "I Just Wanna Get Along" was used in another track by The Prodigy called "World's on Fire" from the Invaders Must Die album.
(Sammy Cahn earlier wrote the lyrics to a separate song with the title "Only Trust Your Heart", with music by Nicholas Brodszky, recorded by Dean Martin.
Then, after a lawsuit threat, the album was renamed again as The Hogyssey.
This was a sudden and steep commercial decline from the considerable success that Stevens enjoyed with his earlier recordings.
Notable for the major MTV hit "You Got Lucky", the album was also the first to feature the late Howie Epstein on bass and harmony vocals.
Recorded in 1980 and produced by Mick Glossop, it was released in September 1980 by record label Virgin.
The album charted at number 4 in the UK and number 66 in the US, but received a mixed response from critics.
Frankenchrist is noted for its relative lack of traditionally 'hardcore' material.
It is an album of original material which followed up her previous album, Car Tape, a collection of cover versions.
Genesis released four singles from the album, the most successful being "Abacab" and "No Reply at All".
The Beastie Boys were influenced by Miles Davis' jazz rock albums Agharta and On the Corner while recording Ill Communication.
In June 2006, it was released digitally and re-titled Dance Vault Mixes: Whitney Houston – The Unreleased Mixes.
Blues for the Red Sun is the second studio album by American rock band Kyuss, released in 1992.
Love Among the Ruins was the first album released by 10,000 Maniacs with their new lead singer, Mary Ramsey, after Natalie Merchant left in 1993.
Songs are often sung in both Welsh and English, and the album's influences range from twee-pop to traditional folk music.
Several songs were written to appear on the record that were not included in its final version.
The album was an immediate hit in Canada, where McLachlan was already an established star.
It is a collection of sequencer driven, pure electronic pieces recorded between 1988 and 2003.
In 2004, the album was again re-released as a limited edition in a slipcase.
The task of playing the updated sound was given to musicians Tony Peluso, Michael Lovesmith and Steve Barri.
It is instead an anthology of various album and live tracks from the band's history, spanning their full career up to the time of its release.
The album combines the band's first two EPs, b-sides from their singles, and other rare and unreleased tracks.
Some hits are present, while other tracks included were never released as singles anywhere.
For over a year, while recovering, Stevens virtually disappeared from the British pop scene.
Slip It In is the fourth studio album by the American hardcore punk band Black Flag, released in 1984 on SST Records.
Metal-Rules.com named this the greatest extreme metal album of all time.
Produced by Björk, Mark Bell, Guy Sigsworth, Howie B and Markus Dravs, it was released on One Little Indian Records.
Tracks 5–9 are from the album A Boy Named Goo.
Heavenly Handel: Arias and Duets is the title of a music recording Virgin Classics released on two compact discs in early 2004.
It features a live performance from Gabriel's 2003 "Growing Up" tour.
It includes the hit songs "Got to Get It", "Incomplete", and "Thong Song".
The most recent album Manifest Tyranny was released in late 2011.
The Best of Testament is a compilation released by Testament in 1996.
The track's lyrics do not appear in the booklet, nor does the track's crediting information.
Two bonus tracks were included on the 1998 re-release.
It was their first album to reach No.
It has been cited as an important example of the no wave genre.
4 on the Digital Sales Top 100 chart.
Byrne initially struggled with writer's block, but soon adopted a scattered stream-of-consciousness lyrical style inspired by early rap and academic literature on Africa.
The album received two Grammy Awards: David Foster, Producer of the Year, Non-Classical for the album,and Umberto Gatica, Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical .
Don't Mind If I Do is the fifth album by the British new wave band Culture Club, released in 1999 by Virgin Records.
Hell's Ditch is the fifth full-length album by The Pogues, and the last to feature frontman Shane MacGowan as a member.
69 Love Songs is the sixth studio album by American indie pop band The Magnetic Fields, released on September 7, 1999 by Merge Records.
The song "Trouble Me", the album's first single to be released, was written as dedication to the lead singer Natalie Merchant's father.
The album was spearheaded by its sole single, a cover of "Sweet Dreams", originally written and performed by Eurythmics in 1983.
In Austria Heavy Petting Zoo peaked at No.
"One After 909" includes a small piece of "Smoke on the Water", originally written and recorded by the band Deep Purple.
The album was originally conceived as a solo project for singer Andy Bell.
Ten Thousand Fists is, as of 2010, Disturbed's second highest selling album in the United States, with sales of around 1.9 million copies.
The album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1988 for selling one million copies in the US.
In 2004, a reprint of the album with three additional tracks was released in the United States.
The rerelease was exclusive to Enjoy The Ride Records, with copies also being available through Hot Topic.
Mystery Girl is the last album recorded by Roy Orbison, posthumously released on the Virgin label in 1989.
It was produced by Juliana Roberts and directed by Adam Dubin.
Translating the Name is the debut EP by American rock band Saosin, released on June 17, 2003 through Death Do Us Part.
Alongside Anthrax's Among the Living, Megadeth's Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?
It was the band's first full-length album.
The title is a reference to a line from the AC/DC song "You Shook Me All Night Long".
The song "Love Is Everywhere" was featured in the film All About Steve.
The title of the album is a reference to the working title for The Beatles' film eventually titled Help!.
Two additional singles taken from the album, "My Back Pages" and "Have You Seen Her Face", were also moderately successful on the Billboard singles chart.
It was reissued in 1998 by Def American's successor, American Recordings.
Wanted Dead or Alive is the debut studio album by singer/songwriter Warren Zevon.
It contained two hit singles: "Lola", which reached the top 10 in the US and UK, and "Apeman", which peaked at number five in the UK.
This was the last album that saw Ludacris wearing his once signature cornrows.
It remains one of the most popular Phish albums, and is credited with connecting the band to a more mainstream audience beyond its strong cult following.
The album was recorded at a cost of only $1,200.
It also contains three re-recorded songs from earlier in the band's career and two completely new songs.
In 2001, Sony Music re-issued the album under their subsidiary label Epic/Legacy with the production of Jeff Magid and four bonus tracks.
I'm Your Woman is the title of the first record released by comedian and singer Sandra Bernhard.
This song dates from the band's days as Opal and was initially slated to be the title track of Opal's second album.
The album was recorded in three weeks with producer Flemming Rasmussen at the Sweet Silence Studios in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Widely praised by critics, Nihil is the band's best-selling album.
With Barrett's behaviour becoming increasingly unpredictable, he was forced to leave the band and David Gilmour was recruited in January 1968.
The members were initially unsure and thought nobody would listen to such a record, but the employee insisted and they recorded it.
It was also Lennon's final release on Apple Records.
Bargainville was a 1993 album by Canadian band Moxy Früvous, their first major-label release.
The album marked the Bad Seeds debut of drummer Thomas Wydler, expanding the Bad Seeds line-up to Cave, Wydler, Mick Harvey, Blixa Bargeld and Barry Adamson.
Crazy Rhythms is the debut studio album by American rock band The Feelies.
Their subsequent albums featured much stronger punk traits.
The album was an early example of synthpop, a genre that the band helped pioneer.
Neon Ballroom is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Silverchair, released in 1999 by record labels Murmur and Epic.
Many fans have only heard the album through MP3 file-sharing, and original CD copies are quite rare; in 2015, the album was released through Tidal.
Consisting entirely of songs in French, the album was initially available only in Canada.
The cover of this album is a parody of the compilation albums released in the 1970s by TV advertising company K-Tel.
This trend would culminate in some of his most acclaimed work, the so-called "Berlin Trilogy", recorded with Brian Eno in 1977–79.
Surfer Rosa is the first full-length album by the American alternative rock band Pixies, released in March 1988 on the British independent record label 4AD.
Actual Fantasy is an album released in 1996 by Dutch multi-instrumentalist Arjen A. Lucassen and is the second album of his Ayreon project.
Forty years on, Fleetwood Mac remain with Warner.
Musically, In the Heart of the Young followed closely in the footsteps of the band's first album.
It was released on May 14, 2002 by NPG Records.
It spawned the hit single "Hey Leonardo".
Delgado had worked previously with the band as a featured guest on Around the Fur and Adrenaline, producing sound effects on some songs.
At the end of the track "Horns ov Baphomet", the person speaking is Aleister Crowley.
A number of initial pre-orders for the album in the Summer of 2000 were signed by Moore.
The performance was released on DVD in 2007.
An alternate version of "Ever Since My Accident" was available on the Kill Rock Stars compilation in superior quality.
As with its predecessor Runners High, several songs from the album were used for the anime series FLCL.
American Life garnered two nominations at the 46th Grammy Awards in 2004.
"Raw" and "Ain't No Half Steppin'" are both described as "underground sensation[s]" and "classic[s]" by Allmusic's Steve Huey.
The performances on Real Live were recorded in support of his successful Infidels album.
II is the second volume of greatest hits by The Band, released in October 1999 on Rhino Records.
Megadeth decided to produce the record with Dann Huff in Nashville, Tennessee, because they were not satisfied with their previous producer Max Norman.
There is also a Box Set edition of the album which contains six additional remixes.
Alive Records re-presses this album regularly, often several times a year on different coloured vinyl or with altered sleeve artwork.
It also topped the ARIA Charts in Australia and peaked within the top ten positions of the album charts in Japan, New Zealand, and United Kingdom.
Stankonia featured appearances from a variety of local musicians discovered by the group while they were visiting clubs in the city of Atlanta, Georgia.
In 1983, The New Rolling Stone Record Guide called it "the greatest comedy album ever made".
The band members at the time of the tour were Robert Fripp, Adrian Belew, Trey Gunn and Pat Mastelotto.
After Service features "Kageki na Shukujo", which was released in a studio version as a single, but does not feature on any of their albums.
The sound is much less polished and elaborate than later albums.
Celebrity Skin was the band's last album before their disbandment in 2002.
The three musicians from Aka Moon play on the album.
These are Grey street; When the world ends; Jimi thing; Stay or leave and Seek up.
This collection included the band's first six studio albums, each digitally remastered.
Four singles reached Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart: "I Believe" and "Back to Shalla-Bal" both at No.
Joe Perry was similarly dismissive of Done with Mirrors in an interview with Noisecreep, stating that he "really didn't like [the album]."
Prior to the release of Slowly Going the Way of the Buffalo, the album had sold over 89,000 copies.
Many of the recordings feature the keyboard work of Nicky Hopkins and the backing vocals of Ray's wife, Rasa.
At Fillmore East is the first live album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band, and their third release overall.
The album is famous due to its role as a touchstone for the American folk music revival in the 1950s and 1960s.
The Story So Far is the third album by the Tewkesbury ska punk band Spunge.
The album was received poorly upon release, and is still considered by some critics to be one of Dylan's least-engaging efforts.
It was also his first album with Rock Records.
The album received negative reviews from critics, who chastised its lack of direction.
The cover art by "Patrick" had been created in 1968 as a possible cover for what would become The Beatles.
The lyrics of other songs discussed suicide and euthanasia.
The remixes of the tracks on The Family That Plays Together are different from the 1996 re-release.
It reached number 36 in the US Billboard album charts, and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America in March 1994.
Additionally, mascot Vic Rattlehead appears on the cover of a Megadeth album for the first time since Rust in Peace.
The album was recorded at Summit Studios, Denver, Colorado, United States, 12 March 1972.
The album cover is a close up of Swanö's own eye.
Speakerboxxx/The Love Below is the fifth studio album by American hip hop duo Outkast.
Several other popular tracks, including their Melodi Grand Prix 2004 song "Crazy Things", were also included on the album.
Continuing from the commercial breakthrough of Over-Nite Sensation, this album is a similar mix of short songs showcasing Zappa's humor and musical arrangements.
Generally regarded as being among Lanza's finest renditions of English-language songs, The Student Prince was recorded in 1952, with one remake in May 1953.
The two corresponded by mail but never sat in a studio together.
The album was released on October 30, 2001 on Universal, Uptown and Republic Records.
Jock Jams, Volume 1 is the first album in the Jock Jams compilation album series, released in July 1995.
The disc was originally a tour-only release; however, it later received wider circulation.
I Com is an album by Miss Kittin released in 2004 on label NovaMute.
The material includes both original songs by Siberry and covers of Christmas standards.
Harmonic, chorus-type effects applied to Mould's guitar are more prominent.
It was produced by the Only Ones themselves, with the assistance of Robert Ash and was mixed at Basing St., Escape and CBS.
It was released in 1997 by Epic Records.
A radio-edit from the song "Hard To Be A Rock N' Roller" and a few videos were added.
For its tenth anniversary, the album was remastered and re-released on November 23, 2004 in high-resolution Super Audio CD and DualDisc formats.
The album features Les Claypool, and Danny Carey on its first three tracks.
The song was a showcase for the band's close harmony singing, as the first and last verses feature vocals from all five members.
Produced by Glyn Johns, and released by Polydor Records, Backless reached No.
A Fantasy Love Affair is the debut album by Peter Brown.
Campfire Songs: The Popular, Obscure and Unknown Recordings of 10,000 Maniacs is a 2004 compilation album by 10,000 Maniacs.
Weeks prior to Edgewater's debut release, the track "Eyes Wired Shut" was included on The Punisher: The Album.
Second Toughest in the Infants is the fourth album by Underworld, and the second in their "MK2" line-up with Darren Emerson.
Zeichnungen des Patienten O. T. is the second studio album by the Berlin-based musical group Einstürzende Neubauten.
The track "Americanized" samples a pamphlet by conspiracy theorist Francis E. Dec from a spoken word recording made of it by Boyd "Doc" Britton.
It was the band's breakthrough in Canada, with four of its six tracks gaining significant airplay on modern rock stations.
Songs range from traditional love songs to contemporary songs of political protest, accompanied with rhythmic clapping, lutes and tidinit.
In Japan, it was released with the bonus track "Medrey".
Released as Corwood Industries #0763, it is essentially a "concept album" about a man who opens a "Pandora's box" of sorts.
He diplomatically characterises him as a "very quick worker", claiming they made the entire album in a few days.
The Very Best of Dokken is a greatest hits album by the American heavy metal band Dokken.
The album featured the group's first Top 30 single, a cover of Al Green's "Take Me to the River."
The album also contains a studio disc with three new songs, two originals by the band and one cover of a Bad Religion song.
"I Want to Come Over" went on to reach #22 on the Billboard Hot 100, and "Nowhere to Go" peaked at #40.
88 on the Dutch albums chart and No.
Combined with a strange choice for an album cover, the new Kansas presented on Drastic Measures confused long-time fans and disappointed Christian listeners.
The band released a video of the same name, originally on VHS and LaserDisc, the same year.
He put together the band in 1972, with drummer Clem Cattini, guitarist Vic Flick, guitarist Zed Jenkins, percussionist Jim Lawless, and bassist Brian Odgers.
As of 2001, it has sold over 1.15 million copies in the United States.
A consciously more power-pop album than its predecessor Dreamcake, So Wound received critical praise but failed to make significant radio impact.
          significand
The album was engineered by John Cornfield and mixed at Fon studios.
In Australia, the album was a big success, spending 7 weeks at #1.
The bonus tracks are numbers 9 and 10, and are both originally from a single, 8月のバレンタイン, released July 31, 1996, right after her first album.
Two years after Factory Showroom's release, John Flansburgh cited the album as his favorite by the duo.
Thus fear is judged as rational or appropriate and irrational or inappropriate.
The fractal on the cover was designed with a circuit board designer.
Walking on a Rainbow is a debut album by group Blue System, released on 2 November 1987.
5 Years in a LIVEtime is the second home video release by Dream Theater.
However, in 1984, WBAB Fingers Metal Shop, a radio station, held a contest to meet and hang out with Slayer during a live recording.
Guitarist, producer and primary songwriter Tom Scholz claimed that Epic executives pushed him and the band into releasing the album before they felt it was ready.
The compilation includes songs recorded from 1994 to 2001 and included two new tracks, "Next Homecoming" and "Energy".
Loveppears is the second studio album by Japanese recording artist Ayumi Hamasaki.
5 on the UK Albums Chart, and at No.
On August 26, 2008, The Essential 3.0 was released containing a third disc with seven additional tracks.
It was financed by the band and their manager Phil Harvey for around £1500.
The song had also been a top-ten country music success for newcomer Zella Lehr earlier during 1978.
The cover art for the album was created by Alex Rutterford.
For the album, the band set out to record a 1970s sound using 1980s technology.
On the Billboard charts, "Hallowed Be Thy Name" hit No.
The cover art includes the main image from each of the EPs.
However, the label stalled on releasing the EP, and it remained unissued until 1997.
Short Trip Home is an album of classical chamber music by a quartet unusual both for its membership and its instrumentation.
Critics credit it for consolidating the American thrash metal scene with its atmospheric and meticulously performed songs.
The original EP consists of nine songs distributed across eight tracks.
EP is an EP by American band The Aquabats, independently recorded and released by The Aquabats themselves in 2004.
A farewell tour followed the album's release, followed by the live album Life.
A music video was filmed for the single "Me and Mia."
A promotional tour, entitled Let's Get to It Tour managed to have success around Europe.
Metallica is one of the best-selling albums worldwide, and the best-selling albums in the United States since Nielsen SoundScan tracking began.
The album was promoted by a music video for opening track "A Shogun Named Marcus", directed by Dan Winters.
This was also the first album with which Graffin solicited the opinions of other band members before recording.
The album was not issued in the US.
Cover versions include Paul Williams' "I Won't Last a Day Without You" and Buffy Sainte-Marie's "Until It's Time for You to Go."
Frontman Scooter Ward also expected Elias Soriano of Nonpoint to contribute, but this did not come to fruition.
The album was certified Platinum in America and eventually sold over three million US copies.
The band were working towards a new King Crimson studio album, but decided progress was unsatisfactory and did not develop these ideas further.
Hold Me Up is the third studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls, released by Metal Blade Records in 1990.
By jettisoning stages when they run out of propellant, the mass of the remaining rocket is decreased.
For all USA releases, the track list was altered slightly.
Swift has also been known to cover "Our Last Night" at many of her concerts.
After Harper's well-received debut, Welcome to the Cruel World, he expanded on his fanbase by touring relentlessly with jam bands like Dave Matthews Band.
In response to albums such as Eric B.
The original artwork has been slightly altered as well to differentiate from the single CD release.
In it there is proclamation, praise, confession of sin, affirmation of faith and celebration of grace.
Songs in A Minor is a neo soul album with a diverse musical style that incorporates hip hop, soul, jazz and elements of gospel music.
The song "Treason" was once the No.
The original issue contained "Best Thing" a re-release from the Styx album, as the opening track on side two.
It is a disco album, released shortly after the peak of disco's popularity.
The first side is the seven-part "Tarkus", with a collection of shorter tracks on side two.
The title comes from a famous work by Man Ray, also known as Object to Be Destroyed.
Metal Blade Records re-released it on compact disc in 1992.
12 in May, was an anthem of protest over the proposed Franklin Dam.
Use Your Illusion I is the third studio album by American rock band Guns N' Roses.
In 2000, Q magazine placed Hatful of Hollow at number 44 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever.
Goethe's Faust is also broken into two parts.
Mogwai's usual vocalist Stuart Braithwaite does not sing on this album at all.
and the live favourite "(He'll Never Be An) Ol' Man River," which deconstructs celebrity hero worship, encapsulated in the verse:
The album won the 1992 Juno Award for best album cover design.
The album also debuted at number 8 on the Billboard 200 with 74,000 copies sold in its first week.
The album was promoted with the release of four singles: "On & On", "Next Lifetime", "Otherside of the Game", and "Apple Tree".
The album blends progressive rock, world music, spoken word, and traditional pop, with spiritual lyrics.
A reworked version of the original song "Time of Year" would later appear on Ashanti's second Christmas album, A Wonderful Christmas with Ashanti.
55 on the Billboard Top 200, which none of their previous five albums had dented at all.
Steve Roach is an American composer and performer of ambient electronic music, whose recordings are also classified in the genres of space, drone, and new-age.
themselves, but this one excluded any contributions from Lay Law.
In May 1988, The Ideal Copy became the first popular music recording to be commercially released on DAT format.
As of 2011, Abbey Road remains one of the Beatles' best-selling albums.
The latter song was a re-recording of the song "Ladykiller" from the band's previous album When in Rome Do as the Vandals with slightly altered lyrics.
Yes I Am is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Melissa Etheridge, released by Island Records on September 21, 1993.
No Code is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Pearl Jam, released on August 27, 1996 through Epic Records.
Unique to this album is the fold out cover and the hand-written cover notes by Cassidy commenting on why he chose each song.
has sold more than 100,000 copies in the UK.
The National covered "Ashamed of the Story I Told" on the benefit album Ciao My Shining Star: The Songs of Mark Mulcahy.
The Chub track "Mousetrap" bears a noticeable resemblance to Stan Kenton's "Eager Beaver."
Guster on Ice - Live from Portland, Maine is a live album that was released by the band Guster in May 2004.
Calling All Stations is the fifteenth and final studio album to date by English rock band Genesis.
Iður til Fóta was a single released in 1981 by the Icelandic group Þeyr through Eskvímó and it was edited in 10" format.
Extranjero was a 1990 album by Franco De Vita released on the CBS Records label.
It featured the hits "I Wonder", "Willie Dixon Said", "Heartbreak Girl" and "Stonecutters Arms".
Garfunkel left the project and Simon worked the material into a solo album.
Your Favorite Weapon is the debut studio album by American rock band Brand New, released in 2001.
In early 2006, the group went on a headlining US tour, titled The Invisible Sideshow Tour, for three months, before appearing on Warped Tour again.
The back of the case reads "Well, we finally went and did what we always talked about not doing.
Matt Thiessen, Matt Hoopes, Dave Douglas and Brian Pittman for May, June, July and August accordingly.
The band, Eddie Kramer and Paul Hammingson produced the album, which includes the single "I'm the Man".
This was the first win for Turkey at the Eurovision Song Contest.
No More Drama is the fifth studio album by American R&B recording artist Mary J. Blige.
It was their first release by Roadrunner Records.
It sold more than 350,000 copies worldwide between 2002 and 2003.
It was released on 11 September 1976 in the United Kingdom by Jet Records, and a day later in the United States by United Artists Records.
It was recorded in Boulder, Colorado at Folsom Field, the football stadium of the University of Colorado Boulder on July 11, 2001.
is a greatest hits album by American punk rock band Green Day, released November 13, 2001 through Reprise Records.
He was also assisted by another former Iron Maiden member Adrian Smith and the two would later return to the band in early 1999.
UNKLE, Nightmares on Wax and Freelance Hellraiser were among the collaborators on this album.
In Canada, the follow-up single was "Paint By Number Heart" — it climbed to #69.
Every Monday night the crowd slowly germinated from 100 for the first few months to 600-700 two years later.
            
Heaven Tonight is Cheap Trick's third studio album, released in 1978.
26 Mixes for Cash is a compilation album of remixes produced by Richard D. James for various artists, plus four original tracks.
All the tracks featured on this album are in reverse chronological order of release.
The album reached Number 109 on The Billboard 200 charts and Number 1 on the Billboard Heatseekers charts that same year.
Upon solidifying the line-up, and bringing in further production help, progress improved, and the album was eventually released on August 24, 1999.
The album's original cover depicted the band members' upper bodies without clothing.
The second and final single, "Whenever You're Near Me" received little promotion and peaked at number 76.
Ten Years and Running is a compilation album by American punk rock band MxPx.
1967 was a strange year for pop music with groups experimenting with new sounds and bouncing on and off bandwagons with dizzying speed and agility.
It was released on July 20, 1999 by DreamWorks Records.
"Bliss" is the only instrumental song on the album to have never been played live by the band.
The majority of the songs on the album had been performed in Devo's live set as early as 1976.
"Released" was released as a single and made into a music video.
Commercially, the album was an international success, reaching the top of the charts in multiple territories.
The album debuted and peaked at #1 on the US Billboard 200, selling 1.15 million copies in its 1st week.
The album is their first release on the record label Metal Blade Records.
Empty Glass is the first solo album of original material, and third album overall, by Pete Townshend, first released in 1980.
The title is believed to be anti-dance music, as are the lyrics; "the Mechanical Wonder is... ...just a noise in my room."
A sequel album, titled Return to Ommadawn, was released on 20 January 2017.
It drew inspiration from the Blackfella/Whitefella Tour of remote Indigenous communities with the Warumpi Band and Gondwanaland in 1986.
The song "Tennessee" is part of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll list.
The Radio One Sessions was released on Strange Fruit Records in the UK, and Latent Recordings in Canada.
It has been described as the band's heaviest album.
Roy also served as the album's producer and played all guitar parts as well as some supplemental bass guitar and piano parts.
The top 10 single "Bang A Gong" also became the band's only US hit.
It was number one on the Billboard 200 for two consecutive weeks and received a Multi-Platinum certification November 17, 2003.
I Should Coco is the debut studio album by English alternative rock band Supergrass, released through Parlophone in May 1995.
The album was re-released by Epitaph Records on September 15, 2008.
New Coat of Paint is the title of a tribute album to Tom Waits, released in 2000 by Manifesto Records.
The album was released on November 23, 2004 through Sony Music Canada.
Vintage Whine is the ninth full-length album by British folk metal band Skyclad.
CrazySexyCool has since sold over 14 million copies worldwide, becoming the best-selling album by an American girl group.
The title and theme for the album comes from a concept put forward by the theoretical physicist Michio Kaku in his book Hyperspace.
It was recorded at Pedernales Studios in Austin, Texas.
Brothers Gonna Work It Out is a compilation album by English big beat duo The Chemical Brothers, containing various artists' work mixed by the duo.
Life, Love, and the Pursuit of Justice is the first solo album by Justin Sane, lead singer of the punk rock band Anti-Flag.
In 2003, Snoop Dogg, released his series of mixtapes, from which the second compilation Welcome to tha chuuch, Vol.
In addition, the band added two new songs, "The Only One" produced by Lenny Kravitz and "Here in My Heart" by James Newton Howard.
Menuck professed that he was confused with the idea that songs or album titles should only be a few words in length and be perfectly clear.
This is also the first Robert Rich album to be originally released on compact disc.
The album is devoid of traditional lyrics and mostly instrumental, featuring lengthy songs segmented into movements and wide dynamics.
The album title is a reference to science-fiction writer Ray Bradbury.
It is often considered his breakthrough album.
This is the third 311 album recorded in 311's recording studio The Hive in North Hollywood, California.
Closed Casket is the fourth studio album by Esham, released on November 22, 1994 and distributed by Reel Life Productions/Warlock Records.
It was released on July 15, 2003 and has since been certified platinum.
The Orbison Way is an album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records, released in January 1966.
The album was recorded on October 29, 1978, by John Loder at Southern Studios and was released the same year.
The album is credited, along with Night Moves, with launching Seger's mainstream popularity.
The Fake Sound of Progress is the debut studio album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets, originally released on 27 November 2000 through Visible Noise.
The EP consists of five untitled songs.
RCA agreed and had prepared to promote the album heavily as a comeback album after his previous efforts were mostly missed by the public.
The album title comes from a lyric in their song "Soft Serve", which oddly, does not appear on this album.
The album went out of print in 1997 because of the much publicized disagreement between Reznor and TVT.
Released in 1976, Young and Rich was the second album released by The Tubes.
Frusciante's influence altered the band's sound by placing more emphasis on melody than rhythm, which had dominated the band's previous material.
Dusty in Memphis is the fifth studio album by English singer Dusty Springfield.
It was released on November 9, 1999 in the U.S. by Columbia Records.
It was released on October 1, 1996 and features live performances recorded from 1989 to 1994.
Vauxhall and I is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock musician Morrissey.
Ghost in the Machine is the fourth studio album by English rock band The Police.
The other two tracks were taken from previous shows on the same tour.
Morbid Visions is the debut studio album by Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura, released on November 10, 1986 by Cogumelo Records.
Uncovered by Heartbeat is the only album by the UK based band, Cherubs.
25 on IGN's 2007 list of the Top 25 metal albums.
However, it is available as an MP3 download.
The album sold over four million copies in the first month of its release, and was certified 7x platinum by the RIAA in the US.
With the album, Garbage aimed to improve and expand on the style of their 1995 self-titled debut rather than reinvent their sound.
A Collection of Songs Written and Recorded 1995–1997 is the debut album by Bright Eyes.
James has claimed that the album was inspired by lucid dreaming.
is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot.
It originally released on LP in 1972 in a clear plastic sleeve.
18 on the UK Albums Chart that year.
The album contains 22 political ska punk songs.
The album charted at number 1 in the UK as did its precursor.
"I'll Be Your Man" also appeared on the FX series Rescue Me.
It spent 6 weeks on the chart.
Recording sessions also incorporated a variety of side musicians, including guitarist Adrian Belew, singer Nona Hendryx, and trumpet player Jon Hassell.
Reign of Light is the sixth album by Swiss industrial metal band Samael, released in October 2004 by Galactical.
The album was certified Gold and Platinum on September 12, 1977 and 2x Platinum on March 27, 1992 by the RIAA.
It was released on TAG Recordings, Scratchie Records, and Atlantic Records in 1996.
Latvia also joined contest as the only country to debut.
Out of Our Heads is the Rolling Stones' third British album and their fourth in the United States.
The first known use of "head game" is in 1977.
It represented a deliberate return to the band's earlier sound, using more organic recording techniques than on their previous studio album.
Ten Years Gone: The Best of Everclear 1994–2004 is a 'Best of' album by Everclear.
Jean-Luc Godard used "Ruby's Arms" in his 1983 film First Name: Carmen.
This album, Stevens' second during 1970, includes many of Stevens' best-known songs including "Where Do the Children Play?
Sun Records owner Sam Phillips had a collection of songs Orbison had recorded at Sun between 1956 and '58.
The Puppet Master is an album by King Diamond released in 2003.
The EP is "in loving memory of Butt Bud".
Klinghoffer and Frusciante share the album credits for "Vocal, Guitar, Bass, Synthesizers, Keyboards & Percussion".
Each song came together in one day as a surprise to the audience.
The compositions are credited to Ralf Hütter, Florian Schneider, and Karl Bartos.
Proby on April 8, 1969 by Liberty Records.
The disc was certified triple platinum in the United States, selling well over six million copies worldwide.
The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, making it the first Marilyn Manson album to do so.
Songs on this album included radio hit "Sonic Bloom".
The concert was film at Capitol Theatre on 1 July 1998 from the Intimate and Live concert tour.
Stephen Stills's band Manassas recorded Brewer's song "Bound to Fall" for their 1972 debut album, two years in advance of its appearance on ST11261.
The album contains the re-release of the song "Jerk It Out."
The group was formed in 1997 by vocalist Justin Pierre and guitarist Joshua Cain.
"To Her Door" won an ARIA Award in 1988 for 'Best Video' directed by Claudia Castle.
In following the general theme of the release, the photos themselves were "remixed" by the use of halftone printing.
It was first distributed in Europe by Nova Tekk, later in 2000 by Connected.
Upon its release, Worldwide Underground received generally lukewarm reviews from critics.
It was released on 11 August 2003 by Warp Records.
The set received positive reviews from critics, but was not well received by fans, with the set debuting on no notable charts.
Both this album and Effigy of the Forgotten have been re-released by Roadrunner Records as part of the Two from the Vault series.
There were wild chickens running around everywhere.
On an updated list in 2012, the magazine listed the album at number 445.
"New Found Power" was also the original name of the band but was changed prior to the album's release.
The release of Sentimental Hygiene marked the first studio album for Zevon in five years.
These songs, on which Jimmy Page played with the Crowes, included: "Wiser Time", "No Speak No Slave", "Remedy", and "Hard to Handle".
Liquid Swords is often cited as the best solo record by a Wu-Tang member.
"Hard Rock Hallelujah" was the first ever hard rock song to win the contest, since Eurovision is normally associated with softer pop music and schlager.
Adiemus  is a series of vocalise-style albums by Welsh composer Karl Jenkins.
The cover shows one of Neon Park's several duck-girls - an allusion to "The Finishing Touch" by painter Gil Elvgren.
The Shape of Jazz to Come is the third album by jazz musician Ornette Coleman.
I Just Can't Stop It is the debut album by UK 2 tone band The Beat.
2 is the second Rock Against Bush compilation album released on the Fat Wreck Chords record label.
Izzard, a self-proclaimed film buff, also describes the plot of The Great Escape in somewhat manic fashion.
The album was certified 2× platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1998 for shipping two million copies in the United States.
"Interstellar Overdrive" which had only appeared in a 3.02 edited form on the original release was replaced by the previously unreleased 16:46 full-length version.
It predates their piracy themes and has mostly satanically-influenced lyrics but also features songs with anarchic and libertarian themes.
It was released on 22 March 2005 in the United States, and one month later in the United Kingdom, with a slightly different track listing.
Ultravisitor incorporates many of the various musical styles exhibited by Jenkinson on his previous albums, including drum and bass, acid techno, jazz fusion, and electronic noise.
Spector emphasized the production value as well, working with a budget of around $200,000.
The title song previously appeared on the live album Severe Tire Damage and Long Tall Weekend.
The original recording features their first vocalist Lawrence Mackrory.
It was re-released again in 1996 by Nitro Records under the title The Album Formerly Known as Full Length LP.
It is one in a long line of folk albums used to tell stories about everyday struggles and hardships.
Around the World in a Day is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Prince, and the second to feature his backing band The Revolution.
Beckley also takes a few lines of lead vocals.
The record produced three singles, including the minor success "Grand Theft Autumn/Where Is Your Boy".
I think this topic might be easier to answer if I wasn't in the band.
As ever, the line-up of Starr's celebrity companions has changed once again.
The Big Bubble is similar to The Tunes of Two Cities, as it focuses on the music within the Mole culture.
Lookin' for Trouble is the 1980 debut album of Canadian rock band Toronto.
The album peaked at #9 on the UK album charts.
As for the concert itself, the performance was enigmatic; garnering comparisons to the Talking Heads' Stop Making Sense from members of the band's crew.
Pale Sun, Crescent Moon is the fifth studio album by Cowboy Junkies, released in 1993.
Incidentally, the same three countries occupied the top three places as last year, just in a different order.
Leeds and Bliss provide horns on most tracks, and Ingrid Chavez provides the intro to "Eye No".
Freaky Styley marks founding guitarist Hillel Slovak's studio album debut, following his return to the band earlier in the year.
It features guest appearances by popular Detroit rappers Esham and Kid Rock.
Lepaca Kliffoth is the fourth full-length studio release by Swedish heavy metal band Therion.
The version recorded for The Yellow and Black Attack featured less obvious Christian lyrics than the one to feature on The Roxx Regime Demos.
EMI reissued the album in 2006, in remastered form with bonus tracks, and released a deluxe-edition CD/DVD set that included film clips of four songs.
The original release featured a different cover.
The Monty Python Matching Tie and Handkerchief is the fourth album by the comedy group Monty Python, released in 1973.
In 2007, a ballet called Common People, set to Has Been, was created by Margo Sappington and performed by the Milwaukee Ballet.
The third track, "Farewell", was played by John Peel on BBC Radio 1.
Released 1968, it featured Neil Young, Stephen Stills, Richie Furay, Dewey Martin, Bruce Palmer, and Jim Messina, who also worked as producer and a recording engineer.
The recording would eventually be released on the "One Week" CD single.
Pink Moon, like Drake's previous studio albums, did not sell well while he was still living but has since gained in critical acclaim and record sales.
75 on the Billboard 200 album chart in 1993.
Night of the Stormrider is the only album featuring lead singer John Greely and drummer Rick Secchiari.
In 2002, Vieuphoria was reissued on DVD and Earphoria was finally given a commercial release.
The album features a sound similar to traditional rock sound and post-grunge.
Ferociously Stoned is the debut album by American band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies, released in November 1990 on Sub Par Records.
and the Posse was re-released the same year by Ruthless Records, substituting another N.W.A song for the one by Rappinstine.
The album is a raw and unpolished speed metal effort that touches on thrash metal.
The VHS release of Metropolis 2000: Scenes from New York contains only the performance of Metropolis Pt.
Copies of this album sold in Europe, Australia, and Japan feature the additional track "Politics of Kissing".
It was re-released by Southern Lord Records in 2006.
John Lombardo wrote "The Earth Pressed Flat", "Once a City", "On & On", "Beyond the Blue" and "Time Turns".
The CD comes with a free DVD which includes documentary footage, interviews and 'behind the scenes'.
Start Something was a critical and commercial success and became the band's international breakthrough album.
The Chronicles of Life and Death is the third studio album by American pop punk band Good Charlotte, released on October 5, 2004, through Daylight Records.
Lauper found success with the next two singles as well, with both "She Bop" and "All Through the Night" peaking in the top five.
The album is also the last to feature drummer Cliff Martinez.
The Gladiator Nightstick Collection is a vinyl-only greatest hits collection from the Athens-based group Of Montreal.
1 peaked at #24 and #91 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums and the Billboard 200 albums charts.
The Great Adventures of Slick Rick is the debut album by hip hop recording artist Slick Rick, released in 1988.
The record was released on March 14, 2000.
The song "Zombie", written by O'Riordan, is according to her about the IRA bombings in 1993 that resulted in the death of two children.
Recorded in Japan in the Spring of 2002 while promoting Maladroit, released on September 24, 2002, exactly six years after the release of Pinkerton.
Its story, which follows themes of abandonment and personal isolation, explores Pink, a character whom Waters modeled after himself and the band's original leader Syd Barrett.
It was released in 1986 on Pasha/CBS.
Brainchild of Modest Mouse lead singer Isaac Brock, Ugly Casanova was his attempt to try new methods and genres outside the realms of Modest Mouse.
Teen Dance Ordinance is the fourth album by the Alternative rock group A.
"Death of War" uses lyrics, written by Mark Rowntree, credited as "Rown Tree", convicted killer, in secure hospital since 1976.
It was released on September 23, 2003, by LaFace Records.
A remastered CD was released by EMI in 2004.
Both songs were aided by popular MTV music videos.
It was released in 1981 on Warner Bros. Records in the United States and on Polydor Records in the United Kingdom.
in November 1984 began the revolution of the charity record, which would be popularised throughout the 1980s.
The Fragile Art of Existence is the only studio album by Control Denied.
It contains a 45-minute excerpt of a live performance recorded at Birmingham's Que Club on 8 November 1997.
It was a critical and commercial success in the UK and U.S., reaching No.
They eventually decided to redo the album from scratch during a two-week period at frontman Dave Grohl's home studio in Alexandria, Virginia.
Internationally, the song failed to garner much traction.
Examples are "Lively Up Yourself", "Duppy Conqueror", and "Sun Is Shining".
None of the Scabies/Dollimore material was used, all songs coming from Scabies/Shaw.
It peaked at #44 on the Billboard 200.
...Nothing Like the Sun is the second solo studio album by English singer-songwriter Sting.
The Impossible Bird is an album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe.
Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, released in 1988, was American blues musician Robert Cray's follow-up to Strong Persuader.
On the UK issues "Entrance To Exit" is misprinted as "En Trance To Exit", this is fixed on US issues.
It was released on June 25, 2002 by Octone and J Records.
"But then, what happens whenever the cameras off?"
The biographer David Blayney explains in his book Sharp Dressed Men that the recording engineer Linden Hudson was involved as a pre-producer on this album.
By the time of its release, the band had come out in support of peer-to-peer file sharing, claiming it would not hurt sales.
The album peaked at number 93 on the US Billboard 200 and number 23 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts.
Poets and Madmen is the eleventh studio album by the heavy metal band Savatage, released in 2001.
It was produced by Sony Music Special Products.
Band leader Sascha Konietzko created his own form of promotion, issuing a press release that both disparaged and lauded the coming set.
In July 2004, Q magazine listed Live Magic as one of the top five disappointing live albums from usually great acts.
"Clad in Shadows '99" was also released on another reissue of this band's future album, Whoracle.
Vulgar Display of Power is the sixth studio album by the American heavy metal band Pantera, released on February 25, 1992 through Atco Records.
Ashanti's Christmas is the first Christmas album by American R&B/pop singer Ashanti, released in 2003.
On the Sunday of Life is the debut album of English progressive rock band Porcupine Tree, first released in July 1992.
Little Plastic Castle is the eighth studio album by singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco, released in 1998.
Zos Kia Cultus is the sixth album by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.
The song "Run Thru" is included in Rolling Stone's "100 Greatest Guitar Songs".
& Yet & Yet is the third album by Do Make Say Think and was released in March 2002 by Constellation Records.
Released as Corwood Industries #0764, it introduced a new male vocalist who sings most of the tracks.
Shut Down Volume 2 reached number 13 in the US charts during a stay of 38 weeks.
Deep Purple became the US' top selling artist of the entire year.
It was also the only Pink Floyd album that does not feature keyboardist Richard Wright.
The album was released to much critical praise in 1996.
Decksandrumsandrockandroll is the only studio album by the British band Propellerheads, released on 26 January 1998 by Wall of Sound and DreamWorks.
The American edition of the album included many bonus tracks and rare live editions.
It was released by London Records with the catalogue number "SAVILLE1."
The CD version states that the album is "incomplete without surface noise" whereas the vinyl version states that it is "complete with surface noise."
"One for the Road" was also due to be released, but the band decided to concentrate on the 1997 album release Marchin' Already.
As on his previous album, and following album Another Green World, Brian Eno names himself only as "Eno" on the sleeve and in the credits.
Into the Unknown is the fifth album by Mercyful Fate, released by Metal Blade Records in 1996.
Surrounded by Silence is the third studio album by Prefuse 73.
Break is the debut album by Something Corporate which was never commercially released and was only sold at their local performances in Southern California.
It was recorded at Compass Point Studios in Nassau, Bahamas, in December 1982 and was produced by Steven Stanley.
Axis: Bold As Boognish is the title of Ween's second DIY proto-album.
Many of the songs are instrumental or feature wordless vocals.
The track "Silver Road", included on the soundtrack for the film Men with Brooms had been previously released as a single in 2003.
Prior to that, a website for The Heppelbaums had been created, in which many more clues to the real identity of the band were revealed.
The album features Grant's biggest worldwide hit, "Baby Baby" and was certified 5× platinum in the United States, selling over 5,000,000 copies.
With about 30 million copies sold worldwide, it is also one of the best-selling records ever.
It topped the Independent Albums chart and remained on that chart for 50 weeks.
Released in 1989 to celebrate their 20th anniversary, it contains popular songs from their previous albums and films.
Morrison recorded the album shortly after his divorce from wife Janet Rigsbee.
The album features guest appearances by Jello Biafra of Dead Kennedys, Jamey Jasta of Hatebreed, and Jeffrey Walker of Carcass.
Life Is Peachy was certified gold on January 8, 1997 and was later certified platinum on December 9, 1997.
Our Darling is an album by Altamont, which was the last record released was by Man's Ruin Records in 2001.
In promotion for the album, Jackson was declared MTV's inaugural icon, receiving a televised tribute titled MTV Icon: Janet Jackson.
In addition to her own work, she included songs by Mary Chapin Carpenter and Janis Ian among others.
Smile from the Streets You Hold is the second solo album by John Frusciante.
It was praised for its music and editing.
Mushroom Jazz 8, the latest volume in the series, will be released July 22, 2016.
The album appeared on numerous lists of the best albums of 1992; Vox ranked it 18th, NME ranked it 44th and Robert Christgau placed it 53rd.
The remaining tracks were drawn from existing releases.
The album was the first compilation album released by Henley and it covered hits from all three of his solo albums throughout the 1980s.
Sticky Fingers is the ninth British and 11th American studio album by the English rock band The Rolling Stones, released in April 1971.
Producer Magoo later said the studio, "was [owned by] this guy [who was in the band] Carabao.
"Broken", "The Defense" and "Supersonic" also received radio airplay, but all failed to make any national chart.
Sudden Stop earned James two Juno Awards for "Single of the Year" and "Male Vocalist of the Year".
It was later re-released on 30 April 2002.
The Presidents of the United States of America received positive reviews, and has been certified triple Platinum by the RIAA.
Tougher Than Leather is the fourth studio album from American hip hop group Run–D.M.C., released on May 17, 1988.
After Changes, Buffett's scope grew to include the entire Caribbean and, later, the vast expanse of what would become "world music."
Its composition fuses various genres, including pop, R&B, trip hop, folk, jazz, rock and electronic music.
It was the second Costello album, after Almost Blue, not produced by Nick Lowe.
The first known use of "mind game" is in 1963.
It was recorded live in Tokyo's Hard Rock Cafe and released in 2003.
The album was certified 2x Platinum by the RIAA in 2003 for sales of over 2,000,000 copies in the United States of America.
It was advertised in the booklet of Tunnel of Love and was originally scheduled for a 1997 release, but was delayed several years.
Five of the album's tracks were later included on the band's first American album, Built for Speed.
CBS Records executive Clive Davis prevailed upon band leader Sly Stone to create a more commercial album; the result was the album Dance to the Music.
"Radio" and "Dope Sick Girl" were both re-recorded for the band's second album, Let's Go, which was released the next year.
The album spawned five singles, including lead single "Millennium", which became Williams' first UK number-one hit.
These tracks are not markedly different in sound or feel from the preceding two albums.
The lead single, "Through the Rain" reached the top ten in Canada, Switzerland, Sweden and Italy and the United Kingdom.
Through the Ashes of Empires is the fifth studio album by groove metal band Machine Head.
The style is ambient, lounge, chill-out and jazz and the recordings are made from jam sessions along with Francis Rimbert.
In October 2010 Human Frailty was listed at No.
The group recorded with Finn over a period of three months at numerous locations in their hometown of San Diego and in Los Angeles.
The first USA release was in 1997, and the subsequent re-release by Metropolis Records in 1999.
New York Dolls was released by Mercury on July 27, 1973, to widespread critical acclaim but sold poorly and polarized listeners.
Released on August 12, 1991 by Elektra Records, it received widespread critical acclaim and became the band's best-selling album.
Listeners can literally play "Cast the First Stone" as a video game.
It was released on May 3, 2005, through Island Records as the band's major label debut.
It was produced by Daniel Lanois and Brian Eno, and was released on 18 November 1991 on Island Records.
It was recorded at Hillcrest Studios Lurgan, County Armagh and released in 1994.
The untitled fifth album by the electronic music group Autechre was released in 1998 by Warp Records.
The Hair of the Hound is a Kate Bush videotape and laserdisc originally released in 1986 as a companion to her Hounds of Love album.
No More Shall We Part is the eleventh studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released on 2 April 2001 in the UK.
As executive producer, Luis Fernando Ochoa co-wrote and co-produced each of the eleven tracks on the record with Shakira.
The album is noted for its sterile production, which producer Flemming Rasmussen attributed to his absence during the mixing process.
The skit "The Morning After" is a parody of "Where Are My Panties" from the album Speakerboxxx/The Love Below by Outkast.
She performed in various European summer festivals such as Glastonbury and opened for Morrissey in a few dates.
Nico's unprecedented sound and personal style—both recognised for their tenebrous quality—are considered an influence on several artists.
The Renaissance EP is an EP by American punk rock band MxPx, released in 2001.
Empire is the third album by Israeli psychedelic trance duo Infected Mushroom, released in May 2001 on Yoyo Records.
1919 Eternal is the third album by the heavy metal band Black Label Society.
It also featured less rapping, and more introspective lyrics related to heartbreak, bullying, and self-pity.
Certified five times platinum by the RIAA, it is his best-selling album in the U.S.
Completed in the days leading up to the band's farewell concert at the Metro in Chicago, it was also released as a single.
Get Your Wings is the second studio album by American rock band Aerosmith, released March 1, 1974.
Al Green Gets Next to You is a studio album by American soul singer Al Green, released August 14, 1971.
It was produced by ex-Blind Melon members Brad Smith and Christopher Thorn at their own Studio Wishbone.
The album reached number 9 on UK record charts, but sold poorly in the US, peaking at number 41—the band's lowest chart placement to that point.
American Thighs is the first album by alternative rock band Veruca Salt.
Growing Out Of It is the debut album released by Lucky Boys Confusion in 1998.
Around the Sun is the thirteenth studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released in October 2004 on Warner Bros. Records.
Aurinko is an album by the Finnish rock group CMX.
The last single released was "Saturated" and was a minor hit peaking in the top one hundred.
Höfuðlausnir was an album released in May 1988 by Icelandic rock singer Megas.
"Cowboy" also aided in ushering in the then-new genre "country rap" or "hick hop".
The album brought Ratt, originally from San Diego, California, to the top of the glam metal scene in Los Angeles.
Artistically, New Tattoo shows the band going back to the earlier musical style that gave them commercial success in the 1980s and early 1990s.
A music video was filmed for the song "Shoulder to the Wheel" which the band later regretted making.
Although the album did not produce high-charting singles it remained on the charts for 97 weeks.
It is the band's second worship album, and features live recordings from the Come Together Fall Tour in 2002.
Frusciante notes, "It's really powerful, but in a gentle way.
The CD is packaged in a double-fold digipack.
Malleus Crease is Humus' third album, released in 1996, by Smogless Records in Compact Disc format.
It was recorded previously by Michael Franti's first band, the Beatnigs.
In 2003, Rolling Stone ranked it at #151 on their list of the greatest albums of all time.
is an album of instrumental surf music recorded in September 1964 and released in 1965 by The Challengers.
It is also Bad Religion's only album to feature a track lasting more than five minutes.
The album was recorded in 2003 after they left Epitaph Records in 2001, following the release of 2000's Pump Up the Valuum.
The Chinese Album is the second album from the expatriate British alternative rock band Spacehog.
However, Walsh found some moderate success with the single "Space Age Whiz Kids", about the pinnacle of the 1980s video arcade craze.
Parallel Galaxy is the first solo album recorded by Emmett Chapman, playing Chapman Stick, and it was released in 1985 on Backyard Records.
It also refers to Paul Heaton's assertion that the Housemartins were only the fourth best band in Hull.
Although panned by critics since its release, Metal Machine Music is today considered a forerunner of industrial music, noise rock, and contemporary sound art.
This also made it their third consecutive album with US sales of at least five million.
Songs About Jane is the debut studio album by American rock band Maroon 5.
La Sexorcisto became the band's first charting album and debuted on the Billboard 200 in 1993.
The live tracks recorded at the Pied Bull are not included on the remastered edition.
The album was certified 5x platinum by the RIAA.
The band supported the album with a yearlong world tour, cementing them among the most popular music acts of the early 1980s.
Break Like the Wind is a 1992 album by the semi-fictional band Spinal Tap.
White Pony is the third studio album by American alternative metal band Deftones, released on June 20, 2000 by Maverick Records.
The album was mixed and released in both stereo and quadraphonic.
213 had two underground songs that are still rare and unreleased.
Remember Two Things is an album by the Dave Matthews Band, released independently on the band's Bama Rags label on November 9, 1993.
Viva, featuring a cover photograph of Hynde taken by friend Linda McCartney, saw moderate success in the United States and the United Kingdom.
It did, however, continue The Waterboys' tradition of arranging a William Butler Yeats poem, in this case "Love And Death".
Björk wanted to make an album with an intimate, domestic sound, deviating from the sonority of her previous studio album, Homogenic.
The album peaked at #127 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
In spite of what might be expected from the album's title, the collection does not include "A Campfire Song" from In My Tribe.
Just a Poet with Soul is the debut alternative hip hop album by Def Jef, released on November 14, 1989, released on Delicious Vinyl.
Strange and Beautiful reached #108 on the Billboard Top 200 and also hit #1 on the Top Heatseekers Chart.
On March 2, 2015 a deluxe edition containing previous unreleased tracks was released via Rhino Records/Warner.
This was a promo-only EP released on vinyl and cassette, and is thus a sought-after collector's item amongst Alice in Chains fans.
The album did not chart, and received unfavorable reviews.
The album was released on September 7, 2004 in America through Sanctuary Records and August 30, 2004 in Europe through SPV Records.
Matthews enjoyed recording this album and felt the songs came together naturally, she also felt she broke down some personal barriers.
Slave to the Grind is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Skid Row, released on June 11, 1991 by Atlantic Records.
The cover versions were recorded for this box set compilation, but were released on a stand-alone album entitled Under Cover later in the year.
Music videos for all five singles were produced, and West also supported the album with a promotional concert tour, and the live album Late Orchestration.
The Slim Shady LP is the second studio album and the major-label debut by American rapper Eminem.
During the 2008 summer tour, Dave Matthews Band played "Gravedigger" and "So Damn Lucky" regularly, with "Stay or Leave" following suit during the 2009 summer tour.
The album debuted at number 5 on the Billboard 200 and number 6 in the UK.
Although the album was a commercial success with 482,066 copies sold, it did not match the heights of his previous two.
The album won a Grammy Award for Best Jazz Fusion Performance.
Most of the music on Oh, No!
It is the band's last album with guitarist Doug Cerrito and bassist Chris Richards, and the only with drummer Doug Bohn.
During this time they also toured the UK with Embrace.
The vinyl release includes "I, Deception" and also has different cover art.
1: Two Virgins and Unfinished Music No.
The album received generally negative reviews, and peaked at #20 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
It won four Grammy Awards in 1968, including Album of the Year, the first rock LP to receive this honour.
Screaming Life is the debut EP by the American rock band Soundgarden, released in October 1987 through Sub Pop Records.
There was also a CD release in two separate volumes, with the cover color changed to blue and yellow.
4 on Rolling Stone's "500 Greatest Albums of All Time".
Featuring photography by Tom Wright and cover art by guitarist Ronnie Wood, it was superseded by the compilation Good Boys...
The performance can be live or via media; the performer can be present or absent.
The band's classic lineup consisted of Vaden Todd Lewis on vocals/guitar, Mark Reznicek on drums, Lisa Umbarger on bass, and Darrel Herbert on guitar.
A remastered CD reissue was released in May 1999, with packaging duplicating the original vinyl release.
The songs have been linked to tensions in Dylan's personal life, including estrangement from his then-wife Sara.
The album was re-issued on CD in 1996 by Sony in remastered form, with bonus tracks.
In Between Evolution is the ninth full-length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip.
After the album's release, original guitarist Chris DeGarmo left the band.
Since its release, it has been certified platinum by the RIAA, having sold over one million copies in the US alone.
The Night Watch is a live album by the English rock band King Crimson, released in 1997.
Slant Magazine placed the album at number twenty-five on its list of "The 100 Best Albums of the 1980s".
It is the first DVD by Placebo that was released mainstream and made available worldwide.
It was the last Rolling Stones album to be released during Brian Jones' lifetime.
Tales from the Elvenpath is Nightwish's first compilation release, released on October 18, 2004 by Drakkar Entertainment.
The second is improvised banter about Robertson's Uncle Elwyn.
However, it was reissued in 2012 on Eastworld records with three bonus tracks.
Pictures at an Exhibition is a live album by the English progressive rock band Emerson, Lake & Palmer, released in November 1971 on Island Records.
We're friends with them, but there's a limit to putting someone else's name on an album.
The re-released version of the album contains different versions of "Rim Shak" and "Here & Now" than the original release.
Wheels of Fire is the third album by the British rock band Cream.
Them or Us is an album by Frank Zappa, released in October 1984.
Morningrise is the second studio album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth.
Many critics now view the album as the Beatles' best and rank it as one of the greatest albums of all time.
A video was released for "One Inch Man", the album's only official single.
On "Liars' Bar", Paul Heaton's vocal consciously imitates the style of Tom Waits, while in "Alone" the bass line serves as another allusion to him.
A separate compilation DVD with the same name, was released to accompany the audio versions.
Two cover designs were released, one with a red title and one in black, with production limited to 5,000 copies of each.
As a result, drummer Thomas Stauch would leave the group, citing dissatisfaction with the direction the group was going in.
In 2003, the album was ranked number 244 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
This comes across in songs such as "Liar's Bar", "The Sound of North America", "Mirror", "Blackbird on the Wire", "Have Fun", and the self-explanatory "Alone".
This edition includes an additional disc with remixed versions of all the original tracks.
was to update their signature sound with drum machines and synthesizers.
It was released on March 11, 1997, by Mercury Records.
While the recording of the band was recorded "In One Take," the vocal track was not and was overdubbed at a later date.
After this release, Harper went on to add a permanent backing band, the Innocent Criminals, although they remained unnamed until the Burn to Shine album.
How Bizarre is the only album by the New Zealand musical group OMC, released in 1996.
New York Rock is an off-Broadway musical by Yoko Ono.
NYC Ghosts & Flowers is the 11th studio album by American noise rock/alternative rock band Sonic Youth.
In 1998, the group released Forgotten Freshness Volumes 1 & 2.
Early editions of the CD featured a CD-ROM component.
The word Moseley is taken from a suburb of the same name in south Birmingham, UK, where three of the band members were born.
It was released in 1988 in Germany by Cash Beat Records, in the UK by SkySaw Records, and in the US by Wax Trax.
The album was self-financed and produced by Brown, and was his first album release since the break-up of The Stone Roses in October 1996.
Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for eight weeks, as well as reaching the top 100 in five other countries.
Licensed to Ill is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Beastie Boys.
The first four tracks are live versions of songs from Full Collapse, recorded while the band performed on the Vans Warped Tour.
"Future World" was released as a single and a music video was made for "Halloween" but with 8 minutes omitted from the song.
It was released on December 17, 2003 by Avex Trax.
During the first leg of the tour, at the larger venues a recording of the show was available for purchase immediately afterwards.
The Two Ring Circus is a remix album by English synthpop duo Erasure that served as a companion piece to their second album The Circus.
Eleven of the thirteen songs on the album are Dylan's original compositions.
It was recorded in New York City on June 26, 1957, and released in the same year.
The album epitomized the disco phenomenon on both sides of the Atlantic and was an international sensation.
It was produced by Jerry Harrison of Talking Heads and was recorded at Pachyderm Recording Studio.
Canadian guitarist Ken Myhr appears on every track on this album.
All three subsequently claimed to be the rightful heirs of Stanislavski's approach.
The NME rated the song as the 27th best song of 2002.
Female singer Bridget Wishart would also end her association with the group in September.
Additionally, "Bílavísur" is a reworked rendition of "The Blacksmith Blues", first performed by Ella Mae Morse.
is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer Shania Twain.
It contains new remixes of fifteen of her hit singles from 1983 to 1990, as well as two new songs, "Justify My Love" and "Rescue Me".
Dream Evil is a heavy metal band from Sweden, assembled and integrated by renowned musical producer Fredrik Nordström in 1999.
The cover sleeve and images were shot by Steven Meisel.
It was released by Epitaph in 2004.
The album is included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Spring Session M was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Two songs from the album won Grammy Awards for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, in 1993 and 1994.
The songs they hear are songs from the album played in different styles and on different instruments.
The album received mostly positive reviews from music critics.
        
In 1986, after the success of the single "Gambit" the English version of the album was re-released to feature this song.
Sub Pop later remastered and re-issued the album on November 24, 2013.
No Come Down is a compilation album of B-sides and outtakes by The Verve, released in 1994 for Vernon Yard and Hut Recordings.
Its commercial success secured Nelly's status as one of the most successful hip hop acts of the 2000s decade.
The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005 was the third Junior Eurovision Song Contest for young singers aged 8 to 15.
It was released in September 1975 by United Artists Records and on 14 November 1975 in the United Kingdom by Jet Records.
The single "Black Friday" charted at No.
"The Thresher" was an ode to the sinking of the nuclear-powered American submarine, the USS Thresher: "And she'll always run silent/And she'll always run deep."
The album was included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Originally released on April 8, 2003 by Kemado Records, it was re-released in October 2004 on Hollywood Records following the success of the single "Misfit".
The record features two live recordings and four new tracks.
Although not mentioned in the track listing, Amos sings the first four lines of "Muhammad My Friend" as a bridge for "Take to the Sky".
It is the score for the nature documentary of the same title by French filmmaker Frédéric Rossif.
It was lead singer Paul Di'Anno's final recording with the band, and features a maximum of 5 tracks.
The album was nominated for the Mercury Music Prize.
Billboard reported, the album sold more than 13,400,000 copies worldwide.
It was released under the Statik Records label in Canada, distributed by Warner Music Canada where it achieved Platinum status for sales of 100,000 units.
The album was later re-released as Go 2.0 in 2005 on Hybrid Recordings, with a new track "Better When You're Not Here" and rearranged track listing.
"Intro", "Ghost", "Death Around The Corner", "Bury Me A G" and "Str8 Ballin'" do not actually feature in the movie, but appear on the album.
The album was unissued in the UK; similarly, the Yardbirds' debut British album, Five Live Yardbirds, was not released in the US.
The album took nearly two years to record as Mercury had to gather enough material, while committing to band activities.
The album features a guest vocal performance by Dave Brock of Hawkwind on the track 'Hawkwind Medley'.
In 2012, the album was ranked No.
Try This was certified platinum by the RIAA, despite it becoming P!nk's lowest selling album.
Mr. Big is the self-titled debut album by the American hard rock supergroup Mr. Big.
In on the Kill Taker captured the aggressiveness of the band's earlier releases while displaying a more diverse range of influences.
This is the last album with the group's original line-up.
Subconscious Dissolution Into the Continuum is the third studio album by the British doom metal band Esoteric.
Business as Usual was one of the most successful albums internationally by an Australian group.
She's So Unusual peaked at number four on the Billboard 200 chart and stayed in the chart's top forty for 65 weeks.
Three singles were lifted from the album: "Funny Man," "Harry the Hairy Ape" and "Speed Ball."
Dance Band on the Titanic is the seventh studio album by the American singer-songwriter Harry Chapin, released in 1977.
The song "Seneca Falls" was featured in the game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 and is a reference to the Seneca Falls Convention of 1848.
Both videos saw notable airplay on Headbanger's Ball.
The Everglow is the second full-length studio album released by the American band Mae.
The Very Best of the Bee Gees is a greatest hits album by British/Australian pop group the Bee Gees.
I'm Alive and on Fire is a 2001 album by Canadian rock band Danko Jones.
It is the final studio album to feature the "classic" Yes lineup consisting of Jon Anderson, Chris Squire, Alan White, Steve Howe and Rick Wakeman.
Later, almost the entire album was translated into Japanese, and released in Japan as Fuhai no Koibito on 23 March 2000.
The re-mix version features additional electronically processed drum and percussion sounds, giving it a sound typical of other 1980s synthpop hits.
While the response to The Dark Saga was mostly positive, some viewed these musical changes as a disappointment.
It was released in February 1994 by Peaceville Records.
The track "You Can Make Your Own Music" is a silent track, in reference to John Cage's song "4′33″".
There were many musical guests on the album, including David Gilmour, Herbie Hancock, Grace Jones, and Sting.
It also contains some tracks that were remixed or changed.
Almost Blue is an album by Elvis Costello and the Attractions.
Red Raw & Sore was re-released in the United States in 1999 by Cleopatra Records as part of The Swining/Red Raw & Sore.
The album was released to generally positive reviews and warm sales, peaking at No.
A deluxe edition, completely remixed and remastered with several bonus tracks, was released through Loud Records in 2002.
For the Hall & Oates album, see Change of Season
It was the follow-up to the band's highly successful 1994 album Stranger Than Fiction.
The single "My Mistake" was a hit in New Zealand and Australia, but failed to make much impact overseas.
"Grace" is a tribute to Jefferson Airplane's lead singer, Grace Slick.
Under a Funeral Moon is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone.
It was recorded at Applehead Recording, Woodstock, New York and produced by Michael Birnbaum and Chris Bittner.
Billboard 200 and remaining on that chart for 39 weeks, as well as reaching the top 40 in three other countries.
Short tracks of spoken dialog from Kurzweil himself are interspersed among the actual songs on the album.
The album was later widely re-released as a part of double album titled The End is Here by Five Minute Walk Records on April 20, 2004.
It was first released through Slash Records on June 8, 1992 in Europe and the United States.
Dinosaur Sounds is a 2003 Catch 22 album and shows the band finally emerging from the shadow of former frontman Tomas Kalnoky.
Tormato received a mixed critical reception upon release, but was a commercial success.
Johnston also recruited Beach Boys singer, Carl Wilson; however, Wilson's vocals appeared on the Johnston-penned song, "I Write the Songs".
It features the title track from the album on its soundtrack, but concerns a story about the reincarnation of Aleister Crowley and is otherwise unrelated.
Can't Slow Down is the second solo studio album by American recording artist Lionel Richie.
The Japanese version of the album contains a bonus song, titled "Unanything", as track 9.
"Dig It" received extensive airplay on MTV and was listed by Billboard as a recommended dance track.
On this album, Children of Bodom used D standard tuning, which was also used on Hatebreeder.
Worldwide, the album has sold over 15 million copies.
The album reached #32 on the charts and featured two top 40 singles with "The One You Love" and "I Found Somebody".
Kish Kash is the third studio album by English electronic music duo Basement Jaxx, released in October 20, 2003 by XL and Astralwerks.
It was released as a double album in Germany in 2000.
Olé ELO is the second compilation album by the Electric Light Orchestra covering their early years.
It was released on January 18, 2005, by Aftermath Entertainment, G-Unit Records and Interscope Records.
[He] had no fear and was eager to experiment in ways that would frighten most bands.
MTV Unplugged in New York is a live album by American grunge band Nirvana.
Splitsville 1 is a split album by the American rock and roll bands Supersuckers and Electric Frankenstein.
Two Yanks in England is an album by The Everly Brothers, released in 1966.
This event did much to raise the band's international profile.
"I Don't Like Mondays" b/w "It's All the Rage" was released in June 1979, and reached No.
Collaborators included Switch, Diplo, Richard X, Ant Whiting and Greg "Wizard" Fleming.
Holding This Moment is a collection of Bane's early 7" releases with songs about straight edge and the hardcore scene.
A Single Man, released in 1978, is the twelfth official album release for Elton John.
As of 2013, "As The Palaces Burn" has sold 270,000 copies since its May 2003 release, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
However, the band stated numerous times that it does not condone Nazism, and are merely interested in the subject.
A music video was made for "Pop Songs".
It was later released in remastered form as a single disc as well.
The album is an instrumental collection of tone poems that describe the cycle and mirror the moods of an indolent summer day.
The sole successful single was the lead "Never There".
The video was released in 1997 and includes footage from various performances as well as video clips.
Pump Up the Valuum is the eighth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX.
Nicoleta Alexandru, whose stage name is Nicola, is a Romanian singer.
"Creepin' In", featuring Dolly Parton, was also nominated for a Grammy, in the category of Best Country Collaboration with Vocals.
The third single "Objection" became a top ten hit in most countries around the world.
The album contains a piano version of Procol Harum's 1967 No.
Dog Man Star is the second album by English alternative rock band Suede, released in October 1994 on Nude Records.
The album drew heavily from the third, presenting ten of its eleven tracks, and presenting six and five respectively from the first and second.
It was released in 1970 and included their first recording, "I Think I Love You".
Live at Folsom Field, Boulder, Colorado is the fourth live album released by the Dave Matthews Band.
Band leaders Becker and Fagan were unhappy with the album's sound quality because of an equipment malfunction with the then-new dbx noise reduction system.
It was the band's only full-length album, 21 minutes in length.
It also drew on the history of the Indian Subcontinent, with Naxalite based on the Naxalite peasant uprising in West Bengal in the 1960s.
By mid-November, it had charted at number one in the United States, where it spent two weeks at the top spot.
Drukqs is the fifth studio album by Aphex Twin, a pseudonym used by English electronic musician Richard D. James.
The album was produced by former group member J-Swift, and features only one guest appearance, provided by little known Los Angeles rapper Bucwheed.
In the same year it was preserved into the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress, which called it "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."
Lyrical themes explored on the album include religion, cultural deviance, death, insanity, war, and homicide.
A live version of the song "Merciless Cult" is featured on the Family Values Tour 2006 CD compilation.
New female vocalist Slick, formerly with another San Francisco rock band the Great Society, joined the Airplane in the fall of 1966.
The album was reissued in 1980 with new artwork and a newly abbreviated title, Miracles.
So Much Water So Close to Home is an album by Australian rock band Paul Kelly and the Messengers and was originally released in August 1989.
Third Album is the third studio album released by The Jackson 5 on Motown Records, and the group's second LP released in 1970.
Individual Thought Patterns is the fifth studio album by American death metal band Death, released on June 22, 1993 by Relativity Records.
The home video was originally released in early 1996, and the DVD was released in late 2004.
The album also marked the only appearance of Kelli Dayton as a vocalist for the group, before she was asked to leave the band.
The album has sold over four and a half million copies in the U.S. and over 18 million copies worldwide.
Captured Angel is the third album by American singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg, released in 1975.
It was released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in May 2001.
This album in particular features songs that are laced with rockabilly overtones, though the band is considered psychobilly.
Morale and productivity improved during subsequent recording sessions in Dublin, where the album was completed in 1991.
No Borders Here is the second album by Jane Siberry.
Part 1 - Prelude for a Toddler
The album was released in 1999 by No Idea Records.
Seven years later, they signed with Columbia Records after only having produced three albums for Geffen.
In addition, Let Me Up was made to sound like a live recording, using a technique they borrowed from Dylan.
Child: Music for the Christmas Season is a 1997 live double album by Jane Siberry.
On October 23, 2007, the band re-released this album with seven new songs, and the new title of Let it Snow, Baby... Let it Reindeer.
The album was released on the Columbia Legacy CK 61513 label on 16 July 2002.
It was the first Christian metal album to achieve Gold record status, selling more than half a million copies.
J'arrive is Jacques Brel's tenth studio album.
In his autobiography, Mould identified Hart's "Charity, Chastity, Prudence and Hope" as one of the songs whose bass lines were rerecorded, uncredited, by their composers.
Despite a mixed critical response, the album is listed at number 64 of the "Definitive 200" by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
It peaked at #1 on the Billboard 200 chart with 1st-week sales of 280,000.
However, some felt that the album's anti-commercial style was difficult to appreciate.
This was Christian's and Joakim's last album with the band; they left shortly after the recordings.
I wouldn't think he would use the same music."
He was ultimately replaced by Kenney Jones.
It became an worldwide commercial success, reaching number five on the United Kingdom and number nine on the Billboard 200 in the United States.
It is released on Strange Fruit: DEI 8118-2 in 1991 and recorded live in the studio.
Blue Öyster Cult toured with artists such as The Byrds, Alice Cooper and the Mahavishnu Orchestra to support the album.
The cover is a painting by Frank Frazetta entitled "Dark Kingdom."
After Minogue was diagnosed with breast cancer, she cancelled the tour and was resumed with another leg in 2006.
The album was recorded at the Hotel2Tango in the Mile End of Montreal.
The compilation is notable for helping both Clapton's career when he was battling a severe heroin addiction and making Clapton's magnum opus, "Layla", famous.
Live at the Hollywood Palladium, December 15, 1988 was recorded, videotaped and ultimately released at the strong suggestion of Jane Rose, Richards tenured manager.
It established the UK folk-rock market, first by importing American records, and then by recording British artists.
"She goes home, takes off her makeup, and gets ready for bed?
Since its initial mixed response from critics, 12 Play has received more favorable retrospective criticism.
In the final scene, this Peter is now an old man, retelling the story of his adventure to his granddaughter.
The total pressing of the EP was just over six thousand black vinyl copies, in three equal pressings, with 17 extra in the first pressing.
Jealous Again is a 12" EP that was the second release by American hardcore punk band Black Flag and the third-ever release on SST Records.
Live at the Witch Trials is the debut studio album by The Fall.
It would be VAST's last album on Elektra Records.
During the same year, Smith won the award for Emerging Artist of the Year from the Americana Music Association.
Bowie did not release another solo album until Black Tie White Noise in 1993.
"Sky Painted on Car" features of a filted sample of "Guess Who's Coming To Dinner" by Black Uhuru
The album was released in 2002 but many of the tracks were new arrangements of songs dating from more than 20 years earlier.
At least two of them were not released as worldwide official singles.
High diving has been designated a sport separate from regular diving by FINA.
An Answer Can Be Found is the third studio album by American heavy metal band CKY.
Twelve Inches is a compilation album by Frankie Goes to Hollywood, featuring many remixes that had previously only been available in their original twelve-inch format.
There was no tour to promote Zipper, and none of its songs have ever been played live.
The Great Awakening is the fourth studio album from the Christian rock band Leeland, released on September 20, 2011.
It was the last album to feature guest bassist, Tatsuya Kashima.
The band began work on the album in 2003 after touring for support of their previous album, The Fake Sound of Progress.
Dual carriageways have improved road traffic safety over single carriageways and typically have higher speed limits as a result.
A deluxe edition version was released and featured everything from the standard edition, with the addition of 14 live tracks.
Similar content was included and expanded upon on the Shoe Box E.P.
The album features guest appearances from the Balanescu Quartet, The London Community Gospel Choir and Dr. John.
Midnattens Widunder is the debut studio album by Finnish folk metal band Finntroll.
The CD is enhanced and contains a video of the song "Body Slam" being performed live and can be accessed by most computers.
The song was later given to 2Pac who recorded his album All Eyez On Me when Tha Dogg Pound album was going to be released.
2 on the Billboard Hot 100 in North America in October 1968, No.
The song samples Lou Donaldson's One Cylinder.
The album, a greatest hits collection, was released by Warner Bros. Records in April 2003.
'Til Tuesday bassist and vocalist Aimee Mann contributed vocals to "Open Secrets" and "Time Stand Still", appearing in the Zbigniew Rybczyński-directed video for the latter.
"Rescue Me" was released to radio on January 20, 2004.
The record was produced by Shannon Curfman herself, along with Kevin Bowe, and Tom Tucker.
The album was released in two different versions: an album-only version, and an extremely limited two-CD pressing.
It climbed to the top of the Heatseekers Chart in January 1996 and was certified Platinum by the RIAA in May 1996.
It was the band's final album of original material until Black Moon and was produced to satisfy contractual obligations with the group's record company.
On the Australian ARIA Albums Chart it peaked at No.
The album received generally favorable reviews from critics, who praised the lengthy and quiet guitar interplay between band members Thurston Moore and Lee Ranaldo.
In December, a Fight Club-inspired music video was released for "Cute Without the 'E'".
This album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions.
The Naked Ride Home is the twelfth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 2002.
A small piece of music is based on each chord, and the piece returns to the original cycle at the end.
        ×
Minimum-Maximum was nominated for the 2006 Grammy Award for Best Electronic/Dance Album.
Caroline Records' webpage for Naked Baby Photos features explanations of each track's origins from Ben Folds.
It contains all the characteristic elements of their sound: rich and varied sampling from a variety of mundane and instrumental sources combined into songs.
It was produced in Cohen's and Robinson's home studios in Los Angeles.
The Smoker You Drink, the Player You Get is the second studio album by the American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Joe Walsh.
Picnic of Love is the fifth album by Anal Cunt.
The tracks have been remastered considerably louder as compared to the originals.
The tracks "Sheila" and "In Spite of Me" were prominently featured on the soundtrack of the 1994 independent film Spanking the Monkey.
Steve Roach is an American composer and performer of ambient electronic music, whose recordings are also classified in the genres of space, drone, and new-age.
To date, its sole CD release has been in Japan, in 1990.
The initial UK version of the record contains bonus live tracks, "Coeur de Parisienne - Reprise d'Arletty" and "Quand vous mourrez de nos amours".
Many people consider it to be the band's masterwork.
In November 2015, the album sold 7,000,000 copies in the United States, and over 11,000,000 copies worldwide.
The album charted in three countries, reaching No.
Bloody Kisses was the first album on Roadrunner Records to achieve gold and platinum certification.
All of the music composed for Nintendo Teenage Robots was produced using only a Nintendo Game Boy.
Adults suffer head injuries more frequently than any age group resulting from falls, motor vehicle crashes, colliding or being struck by an object, or assaults.
Also, the song "Gaslight" and their covers of "Back in the U.S.S.R." and "Have I the Right" are not found on any other DK album.
The album peaked within the top five positions of the majority of the global record charts it entered.
It features Come Winter, which was previously released on their internet-only debut Daphne Loves Derby.
A third and final oldies compilation, titled American Graffiti Vol.
It contains their biggest hit, the swaggering "Stay with Me", and the album itself would be certified gold by the RIAA in 1972.
The didgeridoo is particularly prominent on "Solid Rock", which was a No.
On 24 October 2004 an expanded edition entitled Never, Never, Land Revisited was released.
It remains one of his most popular albums.
The Jester Race was recorded at Studio Fredman by Fredrik Nordström, who also contributed keyboards for the album.
Thirteen Day Getaway is the second and last album by the punk rock band CIV.
This was Hot Water Music's final release before temporarily disbanding in 2006, and their last new release until 2012's Exister.
Forty years after the album's release, Morrison performed all eight of its songs live for the first time during two Hollywood Bowl concerts in November 2008.
"Shi'ite Punk" was re-issued the following year on the special anniversary re-release of their album Fear of a Punk Planet.
Who's That Girl received further promotion from the successful Who's That Girl World Tour.
Straight from My Heart is the third album by singer Pebbles.
The album was recorded at Sunset Sound in Los Angeles and released by Capitol Records on June 30, 1981.
The group was made up of Cathy Douglas, Patrice Holloway, and Cherie Moor.
In 2006 guitarist Larry Hibbitt stated that:
Only 2,000 were made, causing the CD to become quite valuable.
Since then, the band has not performed any tracks from the album in concert.
2's track listing would largely be emulated on the upcoming US release of The Rolling Stones, Now!.
The album is the first not to feature rhythm guitarist David Marks, who departed from the band following disagreements with manager Murry Wilson.
The album's original title was going to be Oklahoma!, but fearing lawsuits, Capitol forced the band to change the name.
Transatlantic, founded in 1961, was a prototype for many of the UK independent labels that followed it.
It was recorded in January 1973 and mixed in February 1973, both at Windrose-Dumont-Time Studios in Hamburg, Germany, and released in 1973 by Brain Records.
It was recorded over three days, 14 August-17 August 1995.
In 1990, the album was repackaged in New Zealand, Australia and Spain as Their Greatest Hits with a different cover.
The packaging depicts each member of Relient K as an employee of the month.
The album is seen as a sombre return to form by critics.
Longer versions of the songs "Corey's Coming" and "If My Mary Were Here" appeared on Chapin's 1979 live album Legends of the Lost and Found.
Also known as Jacques Brel 2, the original album was released in April 1957 by Philips.
The original 11-track album was remastered in 1998, and then subsequently released as a two-disc Deluxe Edition in 2004.
A floating-point unit is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on floating-point numbers.
The footage was shot at The Henry Fonda Theater in Hollywood, CA, after Danzig's role as special guest on Metallica's 1994 summer tour.
It was recorded live at Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford, New Jersey on September 11, 1999.
Silicon Messiah is the debut studio album by English heavy metal band Blaze Bayley, then known as Blaze, released in 2000.
Unicorns Are People Too is an album by the Unicorns, released on their own label Caterpillars of the Community.
It was certified double platinum in the US the year it was released, and triple platinum in 1999.
This version topped the VH-1 charts and American Top 40 for a while.
It was released on April 27, 1983 in the United States, with Warner Bros. Records as the primary label.
Like most of the Partridge Family songs, the lead vocals are sung by David Cassidy, who played Keith Partridge in the show.
White Light Rock & Roll Review is Matthew Good's second album as a solo artist, and was released on June 15, 2004.
Here Come the ABCs is the second children's album by alternative rock band They Might Be Giants, aimed at young children learning the alphabet.
"Tule's Blues" was written about his lover, Marilyn "Tule" Livingston, mother of his son Jordan.
It is Corwood Industries release #0771, and continues the themes and styles of the previous album.
Vocal Studies + Uprock Narratives's music is primarily instrumental and features unintelligible cut-up vocals.
Sweetheart of the Rodeo is the sixth album by American rock band the Byrds and was released on August 30, 1968 on Columbia Records.
The Innocent Age is the seventh album by American singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg, released in 1981.
Silver Pistol is a pub rock album by Brinsley Schwarz with songwriters Ian Gomm and Nick Lowe, released in 1972.
UP: Unified Praise is a live praise and worship album of Praise & worship by the Australian Hillsong Church and English band Delirious?.
Buffalo Springfield Again is the second album by Buffalo Springfield, released on Atco Records in November 1967.
My War is the second studio album by American band Black Flag.
The album was recorded in May and June 1972 at Sound Techniques studios in Chelsea, London.
Despite being their sole live album to contain unreleased material, the album is often overlooked by the duo.
It was ranked #5 on CMT's list of 40 Greatest Albums in Country Music in 2006.
Recording took place at the late Connie Plank's studio in Germany, before additional tracks were overdubbed at the Stoneroom Studio back in the UK.
Gemilang is an album released in 2005 by Jaclyn Victor, the first Malaysian Idol.
The band consisted of Fredrik Ramberg, Renato López, Henry Strauch, Mauricio Jacome, and Chris Carney.
Fatal Portrait was produced by Rune Hoyer.
Summer in Paradise is the 27th studio album by American rock band the Beach Boys, released on August 3, 1992 on Brother Records.
Fear of a Black Planet explores themes about organization and empowerment within the black community, social issues affecting African Americans, and race relations at the time.
It was released in 2000 through Quarterstick Records.
Singles that were taken off this album were Shivers/Starting Out, Helping Hand, Tunnel.
Rubber Soul is the sixth studio album by the English rock band the Beatles.
The album contains a number of cover songs and references to other bands.
The album was independently rereleased in 2004 with digital remastering, new artwork and bonus tracks.
Songs from the soundtrack have been played at various orchestral concerts, such as the personal arrangements by Mitsuda for the Play!
The remastered CD version adds three alternate version bonus tracks.
All Hail the Queen peaked at #6 and #124 on the Billboard Top Hip Hop/R&B Albums and Billboard 200 charts, respectively.
It reached #6 on both the UK and the US charts.
On 14 April 2008, Virgin Records re-released Moon Safari to mark the album's tenth anniversary.
Produced by Lowe and Neil Brockbank, it was released in the UK in 1998 by Demon Records and elsewhere by Upstart Records.
Mitchell receives special thanks in the liner notes.
The lyrics on the album deal with various different things, ranging from drug addictions to the band's lifestyle while touring.
The album is notable for its structure, moving from dawn to dusk, and its use of natural, sound effects.
It would also prove to be their last release to date, as the band ceased operations in February, 2002.
It contains a mix of heavy and lighter tunes.
Like the CD, it also contains a hidden track that plays from the label out to a locked groove.
Prior to starting work on Mr. Moonlight, he was the lead vocalist on three newly recorded tracks from Foreigner's compilation The Very Best ... and Beyond.
It is also the first album to reprise the song "European Jewel" after its "incomplete" version abruptly ended Jandek's debut album four years prior.
Remain in Light was widely acclaimed by critics, who praised its sonic experimentation, rhythmic innovations, and cohesive merging of disparate genres.
Duit On Mon Dei is the eleventh album by Harry Nilsson.
In 2010, guitarist Joe Perry revealed his distaste for the album, stating that:
It is the first album ever to use an audio technology called QSound.
A Year and a Half in the Life of Metallica was released as a double VHS pack.
The album sold four million copies and was nominated for Grammy Album of the Year.
Variations on A Love Supreme is also the name of the big band performing those compositions, for example at La Monnaie, Brussels in 1999.
Alice in Chains is the self-titled third studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains.
Released on January 29, 1991, it was their first album of the 1990s.
Fly Like an Eagle is the ninth studio album by American rock group Steve Miller Band.
Also three years after this release, the remaining Led Zeppelin tracks not appearing on this box set were issued on Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2.
The four singles from the album brought Fatboy Slim an international profile and You've Come a Long Way, Baby was described as his 'global break-through album'.
Picture of Perfect Youth is a limited CD and vinyl collection of approximately half of Feeder's B-sides at the time of release.
For the guitar solo on "Dissolve," Frusciante also used Picciotto's Les Paul Junior.
The Wall is the eleventh studio album by English rock band Pink Floyd.
The album received three Grammy Award nominations, including Best Pop Vocal Album, winning Best Dance Recording for its title track.
As with most of Ministry's work, the album's lyrics deal mainly with political corruption; cultural violence; environmental degradation, and nuclear war; drug addiction; and insanity.
Shoot from the Hip is the second studio album by British singer and songwriter Sophie Ellis-Bextor.
No tracks from Ochs' seventh album are included, and his remaining albums are represented by two or three songs apiece.
The Times was founded by Adolph Ochs, so this may be a joke or allusion to the coincidence.
Trouser Jazz is an electronic album by Mr. Scruff, released in 2002.
One of the tracks was "Sunday 5.17 AM", which was later rerecorded for Myth Takes as "Yadnus".
Work on a follow-up album with Cherone commenced in 1999, but never advanced past a few demos.
King, DJ Jazzy Jeff, Dr. John, and Marcy Levy.
I've Got the Rock'n'Rolls Again is the second studio album by The Joe Perry Project.
The album is out of print, but can be purchased digitally through the iTunes music store.
Internationally, Nellyville peaked at number 2 in Australia, Canada, Germany, New Zealand and United Kingdom.
92 in the 2001 book, CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music and it was one of the fastest-selling specifically Christian albums ever released.
The pictures on both the front and the back of the album were taken in the Mississippi Sound near Biloxi, Mississippi according to the album credits.
The release utilizes many different instruments, including guitars, basses, strings, horns, glockenspiel, marimba, bass clarinet, cymbalon, hurdy-gurdy, music boxes, modified electronics, saw, and contact microphones.
It saw the band continue to integrate elements of blues back into their music, a direction begun with their previous album, Morrison Hotel.
Seven Separate Fools is the eighth album by American rock band Three Dog Night, released in 1972.
So Long and Thanks for All the Shoes is the seventh studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX.
The album debuted at number 170 on the Billboard 200 chart and 49 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
In 2002 King Crimson released a live album entitled Vrooom Vrooom that features one disc with recordings from the Broadway concerts.
The album took eight months to produce, taking Tanaka to such places as the Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia and Quad Studios in New York City.
1962–1966 is a compilation album by the English rock band The Beatles, spanning the years indicated in the title.
The CD and DVD were originally released separately, but since have been released together as a combo.
What If It All Means Something is the third album by Canadian singer-songwriter Chantal Kreviazuk, released in 2002.
Too Tough to Die is the eighth studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones.
Almost Happy is the fourth studio album by Belgian rock band K's Choice.
"Since The Last Goodbye" was a minor hit.
The tracks are recorded both by Laibach and a variety of side projects with Laibach members.
The band split up soon after a world tour for the record, and the two main songwriters went on to record 1984's Difford & Tilbrook.
The songs were originally intended to be recorded by Meat Loaf as a follow up to Bat Out of Hell, titled Renegade Angel.
But can any of these shadowy sidemen truthfully call themselves THE RESIDENTS?
Two of the others appear on the double album Child: Music for the Christmas Season, and the last appears on Tree: Music for Films and Forests.
It was released on 10 February 1992 through record label Columbia.
The EP was reissued on May 26, 2013 as a digital download on Bandcamp.
Instead, it became one of his worst-selling recordings and was scorned by establishment jazz critics at the time of its release.
Waltz Across America is a 2000 album by the Canadian alt-country band Cowboy Junkies.
It was awarded a certified gold record on December 17, 2003, and a platinum record on April 15, 2005, by the RIAA.
The Bird Who Continues to Eat the Rabbit's Flower is an EP released by the Elephant 6 band Of Montreal.
Strange Little Girls is a concept album released by singer-songwriter Tori Amos in 2001.
Billboard hit singles: "The Logical Song", "Goodbye Stranger", "Take the Long Way Home" and "Breakfast in America".
The song on Turn The Radio Off entitled "Everything Sucks" was named after this album.
The DVD features "Will It Go Round in Circles" sung by Billy Preston, which is not included on the CD.
This album features ex-Ozzy, Whitesnake, and Black Oak Arkansas drummer Tommy Aldridge.
Hammill has often performed the song "Modern" in concert.
"Blew" is the title of a song and EP released by American rock band Nirvana.
Records in January 1965 and became a top-selling album for Coltrane, as well as one of jazz's most critically acclaimed recordings.
The Very Best of The Velvet Underground is a compilation album by The Velvet Underground.
Shouldn't a Told You That is the third studio album by American country band Dixie Chicks, released in 1993.
"More Adventurous" was featured on the soundtrack to the 2005 film Wedding Crashers.
Management filled the spot left by César with the first non Puerto Rican member, Adrián Olivares of Mexico.
Forever and Counting is the second full-length album by Hot Water Music.
The first side of this album features songs from a live show, while the second contains studio tracks.
The CD produced four hit singles: "Louis," "Te Amo," "Promesas" and "Esta Vez."
No singles were released from Pedigree Chump.
Ghosts of the Great Highway was re-issued as a double CD on February 6, 2007 on Kozelek's own label, Caldo Verde Records.
The term "dancing school" has been used as a euphemism for a brothel since the mid-17th century.
Similar to his use of Sean Connery as the voice of Henry VIII, he uses the voice of James Mason as the voice of God.
In 2005, a three-disc 10th anniversary Deluxe Edition of the album was released.
The album was released by Heavenly Records on 29 April 2002, and went straight to number 1 on the UK Albums Chart.
Burnt Weeny Sandwich is an album by The Mothers of Invention, released in 1970.
Two are new versions of previously released tracks: "Windowlicker, Acid Edit" and "SAW2 CD1 TRK2, Original Mix".
4 on the Billboard 200 chart, and it was certified double platinum in the USA.
Today it is regarded as a classic of progressive rock and has received several accolades.
Produced by Brian Wilson, it was the first of three studio albums that the band would release in 1964.
...And Then There Was X is the third studio album by American rapper DMX.
In 2003, the album was ranked number 457 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
Certain differences, depending on the oil, are also visible in the sheen of the paints.
Mutilation Makes Identification Difficult is the only studio album by the self-described "acid punk" band Brutal Juice.
Live Damage is Dark Tranquillity's first live DVD album.
The revolution referred to, however, is one of the heart.
The Death Trip Continues is a rare EP released by Static-X in 2000, following their debut album, Wisconsin Death Trip.
Apart from the three singles, the best known other track is "Sixty Second Interval".
The title track was nominated for Best Metal Performance for the 47th Annual Grammy Awards.
This would become Sergio's, Rubén's, Robert's and Rawy's last album recorded as members of the group.
The first 10,000 copies of the EP came with a limited edition bonus CD.
Here Come the Warm Jets is the debut solo album by Brian Eno, credited only as "Eno".
The band intended to record a DVD since early 1998, however, due to the band's high requirements, no existing metal festival had been considered suitable.
This was Snoop's final album on Death Row Records under his name of Snoop Doggy Dogg.
30 on the Billboard 200 chart, with the title track peaking at No.
The Essential Electric Light Orchestra is a single CD, US-only compilation album by the Electric Light Orchestra, released in 2003.
was re-released as The Essential Aerosmith in September 2011.
It was released on 27 October 2003 by Polydor Records, and was produced by Gregg Alexander, Matt Rowe, Jeremy Wheatley and Damian LeGassick.
The "Today" side contained six songs about the more modern Price, performed in a more contemporary style.
Since the band was funding this CD and video themselves, to save money, the band used videotape instead of film, which caused problems during the filming.
It peaked at number 33 on the Billboard 200 selling over 500 thousand copies in the United States alone and reached high positions on charts worldwide.
Who Are You was The Who's last album to feature Keith Moon as their drummer; Moon died three weeks following the album's release.
Street Hassle combines live concert tapes and studio recordings.
It reached number four in the United States during a 46-week chart stay, and was eventually certified platinum by the RIAA.
In 2009, fourteen years later, the band released a "sequel" to the EP, On the Cover II.
The EP is known for its intense packing artwork by artist LOKISS.
The album was inspired by several musicals and the work of The Who.
The album was remastered using 24-Bit technology, limited to 1000 copies, on a gold disk digipak CD.
It was released on August 8, 1995, on Sub Pop.
However, his name was omitted on the 2002 Warp re-released version at his own request.
For more specific information, see the External Links section of this article.
This album ranked #79 on the website Metal Rules' list of 100 Greatest Metal Albums.
Never Breathe What You Can't See is an album by Jello Biafra and The Melvins.
The album was released in the US in 1979, with the song "The Butterfly Collector" replacing "Billy Hunt".
The album has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Arcade Fire was remastered and repackaged for its 2005 re-release by Merge Records for fans after they had "grown obsessed" with the band's debut album, Funeral.
Most of the songs come from the Moseley Shoals B-sides, and are generally mellow acoustic songs.
Just Another Band from L.A. is a live album by The Mothers, released in 1972.
This song was also filmed at Proctor's Theatre with members of the Albany Police Athletic League on stage with Mariah.
The album, his major label debut, was released on October 17, 2000, under Disturbing tha Peace and Def Jam South.
Jason Corsaro, the record's audio engineer, persuaded Rodgers to use digital recording, a new technique introduced at that time.
I'm a really different person aside from I seem to be publicly," she concluded.
It was released on July 9, 2002 by SideOneDummy Records.
"See the Day" – 4:34 D.C. Lee
Kariny Joala has also been a member of the Estonian Bad Angels dance group.
Silent Alarm went on to achieve worldwide sales of over one million copies.
A multistage rocket is a rocket that uses two or more stages, each of which contains its own engines and propellant.
Blood, Sweat and No Tears is the first full-length album by the American hardcore punk band Sick of it All, released on July 12, 1989.
It has been certified triple platinum in the U.S., where it peaked at #10 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
Be sure to write and let me know..."
In 1980 Judas Priest garnered some airplay with "Breaking the Law" and "Living After Midnight" from their album British Steel.
The album includes two new tracks; its lead single, "I Believe in You", and the second single, "Giving You Up".
The Peel Session is a collection of recordings by Syd Barrett released on 25 January 1987.
"The Power of Love" was also nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 1995.
She signed with the jazz label Vanguard Records and released her debut album in 2004.
Both volumes were collected in a 2012 box set along with volume three as Mermaid Avenue: The Complete Sessions.
The album struggled to make an impact and stalled at number 57 in the UK and number 94 in the US.
This was bassist Keith Collins's last album with the band.
9 on the Billboard Hot 100 respectively and receiving regular radio play at both Pop and Alternative stations.
Forgotten Freshness Volumes 1 & 2 is a rarities album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse.
It was a commercial success peaking at number six in the United Kingdom and initially, number seventeen on the Billboard 200 in the United States.
Pure Guava is the third studio album and major label debut by American rock band Ween, released on November 10, 1992 by Elektra Records.
The extended edition of the album features the same cover as the original, but re-scaled so as to make the man visible.
New Traditionalists is the fourth studio album by the American new wave band Devo.
It was recorded in December 2003 over two nights of concerts at the State Theatre in Portland, Maine.
The album is now out of print.
Spirit of the Boogie is the highly successful sixth studio album released in 1975 by Kool & the Gang.
The album was produced by Ben Keith, who has also produced works for artists such as Neil Young and Patsy Cline.
The work is often held in a negative light in comparison to the band's subsequent studio albums, though some retrospectives are positive toward it.
            significand
Since 1 January 2007 the whole of Ærø has constituted a single municipality, known as Ærø Kommune.
It would be her final album on CBS Records' Portrait imprint, and her last new studio album issued in the U.S. until 1987.
It saw a change in musical direction for the band, moving away from the rockier tone of their debut album Good Feeling.
The video was screened on the first episode of Saturday Night Live's seventh season.
It was released in the United States on February 10, 1998 on Merge Records and May 1998 on Blue Rose Records in the United Kingdom.
Before the Robots is the studio follow-up album to Better Than Ezra's 2001 studio release Closer and debut album on Artemis Records.
Al considers Animositisomina a "non-album" and left most of the recording responsibilities to Barker.
Radio-Activity is the fifth studio album by German electronic band Kraftwerk, released in October 1975.
On June 11, 2010, Sputnikmusic placed it at number 3 on its list of the 100 best album of the decade.
The album reached number 35 on the US Billboard 200, the highest position achieved by the band to date.
The album debuted at #37 in the Billboard Top 200 with first week sales of 27,863.
It was recorded at the Studio Gang by Olivier do Espirito Santo and Jean-Pierre Janiaud.
This was Seger's lowest chart position since 1976's Live Bullet which charted at #34 on the Billboard 200.
After his 1955 song "Folsom Prison Blues", Cash had been interested in recording a performance at a prison.
In an interview in 2004, lead singer Conor Deasy described the band's upcoming second album:
The name of the album's title track was suggested by the actor Michael J. Pollard.
The original run was limited to 500 copies, which sold out.
It entered the top 20 on the Billboard 200, peaking at number 17 and certified triple-platinum by the RIAA.
"Boys Club", "Israel" and "Transitions" have appeared in demo form on various other tapes.
The other is The Pop Hits, released in March 2003.
The first single, "Wait For Me", premiered in July 2006.
Queen Rocks is a compilation album by the British rock band Queen, released on 3 November 1997.
The cover design by Terry Gilliam marked his first original album artwork since 1977's Instant Record Collection.
It was also their only album with bassist Kevin Clark, and their last with longtime drummer Ty Smith.
The album peaked at #143 on the Billboard 200, #4 in Canada, #1 in Poland and #1 in Norway.
Immediately following the modest success of this album, a similar but unrelated Who compilation, Direct Hits, was released in the UK by Track Records.
"Frug" was later included as the final song on the band's B-sides and rarities compilation, Rkives.
It was released on Tooth & Nail Records on June 18, 2002.
Promotion of the album included the release of six commercially successful singles and the North American Harajuku Lovers concert tour.
It was recorded live at Detroit's Grande Ballroom over two nights, Devil's Night and Halloween 1968.
"Under the Pink" was the 61st highest-selling album of 1994 in the UK.
McGovern dedicated the album to her parents, Mary and James McGovern.
35 in the United States and No.
The album was featured in the 2005 book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Ness also originally wrote some of the songs on this album around 1997 while Social Distortion was planning their sixth album.
It is also their longest studio album, clocking in at an hour and 5 minutes.
", "Fireworks", "Run to You" and "Vulnerable".
It consists of both traditional songs and cover versions of contemporary folk music.
Subsequent releases on digital platforms such as iTunes have used the original mix as well.
Worldwide the album sold more than 2.5 million units, with more than 1.5 million in the US alone.
"Editions of You" was recorded in March 1985 and had not been previously released.
In particular, George Harrison's contributions, "Something" and "Here Comes the Sun", are considered to be among the best songs he wrote for the group.
The album was a critical success, with reviewers praising its production, lyrics and distinct tone, although some critics recognize the album as being underrated.
The album mixes elements of punk, heavy metal, psychedelic rock, and space rock.
He announced James Lynch of Boston punk band The Ducky Boys as his successor.
They have been signed to independent record label Three Kings DBC.
The Place You're In is the fourth studio album by blues solo artist Kenny Wayne Shepherd.
The album was nominated for a Grammy award at the 1996 Grammy's for Best Rap Album.
age, or a distancing from several cultures including hippies and the mainstream hip-hop.
A polka medley of popular songs was also included on the album.
The album's cover and in-sleeve photos were taken from the film, Tiger Bay, which starred Hayley Mills.
They went on a worldwide tour to promote the album.
Get In includes the singles "I Would Fix You" and "Stay in the Sun".
He has acknowledged that in many of the pieces he had to overdub his guitar solos in order to make them "fit".
The hair of the girl on the cover was different depending on the region of the release.
The album received generally positive reviews from critics.
The album was not well received by critics, who largely ignored it, and sales were modest.
The album contains newly recorded versions of songs from Growing Out of It and The Soapbox Spectacle, plus five new songs.
Famed film actor of the horror genre Vincent Price provided the introductory monologue in the song "The Black Widow".
It was recorded on different locations which included Jamaica and France.
The album was recorded at Calvin Johnson's Dub Narcotic Studios.
It was recorded at Opus Recording in Gurnee, Illinois.
The album title is derived from the massive demise of the West Coast rave scene in the late 1990s and 2000s.
It contained 8 songs and 1 music video, "Oi Ching Dong Yap Jun".
The album spawned two singles: the title track and "Zoolookologie".
It is the first album to feature bassist Kyle Zeigler.
It stayed in the Top Ten for 35 weeks.
Bolstered somewhat by lead singer Rod Stewart's recent solo success with "Maggie May", it was their most successful album, peaking at No.
The album has sold around 3,000 copies in the USA.
Pezcore is the first full-length album released by the ska punk band Less Than Jake.
This was Chuck Schuldiner's final studio album before he died as a result of cancer on December 13, 2001.
The album was released on Reprise Records internationally, but remained on the independent label Duke Street Records in Canada.
The album contains prominent rap metal guitar riffs, electronic instruments, and heavy emphasis on scatological humor.
Life is Killing Me is the sixth album by Type O Negative.
A follow up, Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Radio Sunnydale – Music from the TV Series, was released in 2003.
The Heart of Chicago 1967–1997 is the fifth greatest hits album, and twenty-third album overall, by the American band Chicago, released in 1997.
fan club in 1981, and a last pressing, on pink vinyl, in 1985.
The album reached number 11 on the ARIA Albums Chart and spent 36 weeks on the national charts.
In 1996, the band Apparatus recorded a cover of the title-track for the electro-industrial various artists compilation Operation Beatbox.
A condensed version of this album was released as Live, which featured 10 of the 24 tracks listed here.
Confession is the second album released by the American nu metal band Ill Niño.
To the 5 Boroughs is the sixth studio album by the Beastie Boys.
Fly to the Rainbow is the second studio album by German hard rock band Scorpions, released in 1974.
Drummer Patty Schemel played the demos on this album, and was replaced with session drummer Deen Castronovo at the suggestion of producer Beinhorn.
He would record several tracks from Bad for Good for his later albums.
"The Edison Museum" was originally written in 1991 and featured on the Edisongs compilation that year.
With over 3 million copies sold in the United States alone, it stands as L L Cool J's biggest career album.
Good Stuff is the sixth studio album by new wave band The B-52s, released in 1992.
The album won the 1997 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Album.
The Radio One Sessions is a 2002 album by the Canadian alt-country band Cowboy Junkies.
Crest of a Knave is the sixteenth studio album by British rock band Jethro Tull, released in 1987.
Drummer Jeff Porcaro died shortly after the making of the album; he was replaced by British drummer Simon Phillips.
Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band featuring serial killers and mass murderers instead of famous people.
is the third studio album from Boston punk rock band the Dropkick Murphys.
The first single, issued in April 2005, was "So What the Fuss", which featured Prince on guitar and En Vogue on backing vocals.
It has sold more than 14 million copies worldwide, 3 million of which were sold in the United States, ranking the album No.
The album was released on November 19, 1984 on the Geffen label.
Although the album received several favourable reviews, it was not a significant commercial success, and its sole single, "Between You and Me", did not chart.
Both versions of the "Be Strong Now" single feature the same cover.
On January 11, 2011, Rhino released a remastered version from the original 1972 mix on vinyl only.
Customers could also purchase a custom version of the album from Grand Royal featuring the B-sides and rarities that they wanted through mail order.
Paid tha Cost to Be da Boss is the sixth studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg.
As of 2013, 400 Degreez has sold well over 5 million copies worldwide.
Zitilites is the fourth album by Kashmir.
It featured the band's signature sound of "Guthrie’s lush guitars under Fraser’s mostly wordless vocals" and is considered an archetype of early ethereal wave music.
The album includes "Claire", which in 1995 became the band's only Top 40 hit.
The track "If and When We Rise Again" samples the melody of Hungarian Dance No.
Released in 1984, it was produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange.
Ear Candy is the sixth album by heavy metal/hard rock trio King's X, released in 1996.
It was released on June 25, 2002, by Universal Records and the indie label Fo' Reel.
There's one called 'Jolly Coppers on Parade' which isn't an absolutely anti-police song.
Every Good Boy Deserves Favour is the seventh album by The Moody Blues, released in 1971.
It was the first product of his three-year, $50,000 recording contract with RCA Victor, and was recorded in their Hollywood studio.
Nederland is the Dutch name for the country known in English as the Netherlands.
The album was also included in Rolling Stone's list of the "100 Best Albums of the Decade" at number 68.
It is the band's best-selling album to date, with sales of over 5,653,000 copies in the United States, as of July 2014.
The album's themes include personal isolation and nationalism.
This particular song has also had more recent success as it has appeared in the 2008 video game Guitar Hero World Tour.
Released on September 14, 2004, it was the band's second and final studio album distributed by Sanctuary Records.
"Aboriginal Mix" was later released as "Digeridoo" on the single Digeridoo and the R&S Records compilation Classics.
Unleashed Memories is the second album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil.
It was released on February 24, 2004.
The First copies were signed and numbered by Raymond Watts.
Its singles were "Believe", "Everything for Free", and "If You're Not Scared".
It is a concept album detailing the destruction of a man from the beginning of his "downward spiral" to his attempt at suicide.
In the sport of association football, a defender is an outfield player whose primary role is to prevent the opposing team from scoring goals.
Tha Last Meal is the fifth studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg.
It was released in 1999 on Skuld Records.
She began writing songs for the album while touring internationally, despite not knowing the direction of the album.
Cosmic Slop is the fifth studio album by Funkadelic, released in July of 1973 on Westbound Records.
It was the band's third internationally released studio album and the fourth to be released in Australia.
The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on 6 December 2000.
Dick Wagner, who left halfway through the recording sessions, described Zipper Catches Skin as “the off to the races speedy album” and a “drug induced nightmare”.
The album title is taken from the lyrics of the song "The Dreaming Tree."
There Goes the Neighborhood is the fifth solo studio album by the American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Joe Walsh, guitarist for the Eagles.
Endless Flight is the fourth album by English singer-songwriter Leo Sayer, which was released in 1976.
Three of the unused tracks were included on their 1981 album Hoy-Hoy!.
Records under the band name "The English Beat".
Doughty's riffs—often using a guitar rhythm Doughty calls the "gangadank"—punctuate emotional lyrics on songs such as "The Only Answer" and "The Pink Life".
It was released on 3 November 2003.
Dusk... and Her Embrace is the second studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth.
Before Twoism was re-pressed years later, it was a highly sought-after item, being pressed only about 100 times.
Fourteen months before the album was officially released, an unfinished demo of the album was stolen and leaked onto the internet.
In 2007, House of Love was reissued and digitally remastered by Grant's new record label, EMI/Sparrow Records.
Held, well known in the Krautrock scene of the 1970s.
Listener Supported was also the first live release to feature keyboardist Butch Taylor and "The Lovely Ladies" on vocals.
The woman in the picture of the album art is Dawn Oliva, Criss Oliva's wife.
In My Tribe is an album by the American alternative rock band 10,000 Maniacs.
A Lethal Dose of American Hatred is the second album by sludge metal band Superjoint Ritual.
A second volume of recordings, Mermaid Avenue Vol.
As of 2014, Dookie is the band's best-selling album with more than 20 million copies sold worldwide.
The album's packaging did not credit any musicians, an attempt to make the instruments less discernible to critics.
Demanufacture is a process in the treatment of products and materials for recycling.
The album reached #121 on the U.S.
Further Down the Spiral is the first remix album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released on June 1, 1995.
Talking Book is the fifteenth studio album by Stevie Wonder, released on October 28, 1972.
The Negation is the third studio album by the death metal band Decapitated from Poland.
An early musical number, "Do the Bartman", leads the album as the first track and the first single released.
On some vinyl reissues, however, the first side is tracks 1-9 and the second is tracks 10-13.
Despite containing re-recordings of previously released material, Still Cyco After All These Years has been classified as a studio album rather than a compilation.
Similarly to their previous record Experience, Maxim Reality is the only group member, besides Liam Howlett, from the then line-up to contribute to the album.
The remaining songs are new mixes of previously released songs.
It is a loose concept album about a resurrected man, against a backdrop of piracy, foreseeing Armageddon.
It was the number 1 album on Billboard magazine's special Christmas Albums sales chart for all four weeks that the magazine published the chart that year.
It is currently the earliest Bob Seger album available on CD.
In 1987, Rolling Stone magazine ranked it number 11 on its list of the best albums of the period 1967–1987.
Two singles, "Ha" and "Back That Azz Up" became hip hop hits in the United States.
The song "She Loves Me Not" was featured in the game NHL 2003.
Single of the Year for Raining on the Plains.
The Hammer Party is a 1986 release of Big Black's early EPs made between 1982 and 1984.
Stomp 442 is also Anthrax's first album without Dan Spitz on lead guitar.
One Nation Under a Groove was Funkadelic's most commercially successful album, and one of its most critically lauded.
For example, evidence on the effectiveness of acupuncture is "variable and inconsistent" for any condition, but is generally safe when done by an appropriately trained practitioner.
The song remained on the UK Indie Chart for almost two years.
The title of the album comes from the third track, "Taper Jean Girl".
Let the Music Do the Talking is the first of four albums by The Joe Perry Project.
Steel Pulse headlined its own tour in 1978 and released two more singles from the album: "Prodigal Son" and "Prediction."
It was released on August 9, 1994 by Gee Street Records.
Street Action is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock band Bachman–Turner Overdrive, released in 1978.
Two Virgins, while failing to chart in the UK, reached number 124 in the US.
Prophet of the Last Eclipse is the second album in a solo trilogy by symphonic power metal songwriter Luca Turilli of the band Rhapsody of Fire.
Scream in Blue is a live concert album by Midnight Oil that was released in 1992 under the Columbia Records label.
The official album release of The Thirteenth Anniversary Show in 1987 was a recording of the show in Japan.
Drög að Upprisu is an album released in 1994 by Icelandic singer Megas.
The songs were recorded when the band was in a transitional phase after bassist Simon Gallup left following a tour to promote the previous album, Pornography.
Fuaim Catha means 'Sound of Battle' in the Scottish Gaelic language.
FACT named it the 61st greatest album of the 80s.
The album was pressed on 10" vinyl and released in three different colors: light marble blue, marble red, and white.
It's the Infectious Grooves is the debut album by Infectious Grooves, released in 1991.
The album contains 10 songs including the hits "Morning Has Broken", "Moonshadow" and "Peace Train".
Although a solo album, it features many appearances by Snoop Dogg, who used the album as a launch pad for his own solo career.
This was the last album to feature Ben Davis.
Since its release, Too Dark Park has received generally positive reviews from critics.
However, her single "Breathe" was not featured on the album.
is the first live album by British rock band The Rolling Stones.
The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2003 was the first Eurovision Song Contest for young singers aged eight to fifteen.
The album was certified 7x Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Chicago 17 is the fourteenth studio album by American band Chicago, released on May 14, 1984.
Dangerous Moments, Martin Briley's third album, was released in 1985.
"I'm Still in Love with You" – 3:30 Johnny Mathis
In January 2015, it was ranked third in terms of per capita GDP.
It features twelve songs composed by the band for the cult Nickelodeon television series, The Adventures of Pete & Pete.
It contains acoustic versions of some of their most popular songs.
It was released on April 22, 2003, on the band's own label, Mid-Fi Recordings.
The album was originally released with a lenticular cover, with two images of Scott Lucas and Brian St. Clair.
"Mask of the Morning" re-uses the lyrics from "Mirror of Illusion" from the 1970 debut album Hawkwind.
Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones are also purported to play on the record as session musicians.
In addition, "Give a Little Bit" became a US Top 20 single and reached number 29 on the UK Singles Chart.
The delay and changes occurred so that the group could obtain permission to use the samples or use replacements.
Happy Nation is the debut studio album by Swedish pop group Ace of Base.
It was certified Gold in the US, Brazil, Japan, and Australia.
Becoming X is the debut album from Sneaker Pimps released in 1996.
"I've Been Let Down", did not chart in either the United States or the UK.
The album was certified Gold by RIAA January 8, 1999.
Although the album sold less than Houston's previous albums in the US, it was a hit globally, particularly Europe, selling over 15 million copies.
Though Vivian's third solo album, it is her first solo Chinese-language album, despite that language being her mother tongue.
It was certified platinum in France for sales of 300,000 copies.
This album replaces 1997's compilation Death to the Pixies in 4AD's catalog, which previously served as the label's "greatest hits" collection for the Pixies.
It's been out-of-print, but is still available on iTunes.
This album was included in Bright Eyes' Vinyl Box Set.
"If Not Now When" expresses anger against those claim they want positive change but are too apathetic to act.
The Second Stage Turbine Blade is the debut studio album released by rock band Coheed and Cambria.
Gettin' it in the Street was released in Germany and Japan in November 1976, but did not reach the album charts.
Girls About Town is a 4-song 7" EP by The Smithereens, the first release by the band.
Released on February 27, 1996, it was the group's first album for Geffen Records after the end of their contract with RCA Records.
In 2007, the album was performed live in its entirety as part of the All Tomorrow's Parties' Don't Look Back series.
Since its initial release, the album has been reissued and remastered multiple times, most recently for digital distribution.
"The Smog" was also intended to be released on Riddle Box.
Every song on the album was written and produced by Shakira.
It was also certified Gold by the BPI on October 4, 2002.
Despite not being as critically well received as her previous record, Whip-Smart debuted at #27 on the Billboard 200 and ultimately achieved gold status.
"Speed Ball" is a tale of a motorcycle rider.
"Wyndlesham Bay" is one of Stewart's solo songs, "Jodie", but with different lyrics.
A Collection 1984–1989 is a 1995 greatest hits compilation of her by Jane Siberry.
23am is the second studio album by composer Robert Miles, released in late 1997 via Deconstruction and Arista labels.
However, it is most likely is a misspell of "más borracho", meaning "more drunk" or "drunker".
Reaching number 4 in the U.S. upon its 1994 release, Pisces Iscariot was certified platinum by the RIAA on November 23, 1994.
An alternate version was released in Japan.
Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, late the previous month.
It won the 2004 Juno Award for Alternative Album of the Year.
Heavy Horses is the eleventh studio album by British progressive rock band Jethro Tull, released on 10 April 1978.
The album contains funk rock, acid jazz and disco elements.
The show was cancelled after only 6 episodes, an unprecedented move by MTV.
It is his first certified Gold album.
It was released on June 30, 1992.
A later re-worked version of the song appeared on Cassidy's second solo album Rock Me Baby.
It was also nominated for Alternative Album of the Year at the 2001 Juno Awards.
Remain in Light is the fourth studio album by American new wave band Talking Heads, released on October 8, 1980, on Sire Records.
Along with the Beastie Boys Licensed to Ill and LL Cool J's Radio, music writer Cheo H. Coker has cited Yo!
It was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1975 for over 500,000 copies sold in the United States.
Eminem also began utilizing story telling on this EP.
Folkémon is the tenth studio album by the British folk metal band Skyclad.
It contains songs carefully culled from 5 live concerts recorded over a 9-year period.
The album itself, reached #1 on the Heatseekers Charts, #21 in the German Charts, #65 in the UK Charts, and #97 on the Billboard 200.
Vocally, the album saw Madonna sing with greater breadth and a fuller tone.
Act of Depression is the debut album by Underoath.
It was released by illegal Stockholm in 2001.
In October 2005, the album was given gold certification as it sold over 50,000 units in Canada.
          
It runs the gamut from pure power-pop songs, such as "Bangs" and "Finished With Lies", to dance music, and soft romantic ballads.
It is the last studio release of the band under the name Rhapsody.
While there was no actual insert, some of the first pressing included a Misfits Fiend Club ad.
Engineer Alan Parsons was responsible for many distinctively notable sonic aspects and the recruitment of singer Clare Torry.
Missing Place is the second album from Favorite Blue.
Select tracks from these are featured on this album.
Moon Safari was acclaimed by critics and remains Air's most renowned release.
The album was reissued on 23 September 2003 as part of the 16-CD box set Boîte à Bonbons by Barclay.
The film grossed just $8.6 million, but the album was a commercial success, reaching number one in several countries and selling 14 million copies.
The US release uses HDCD encoding, but the package is not labeled as HDCD.
39 slot on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.
The album features Abel Talamántez, Alexis Grullón, Andy Blázquez, Ashley Ruiz and Ricky López, and is the second album recorded by this line-up.
It was released on March 2, 1999 on BNA Records.
The album spent 14 weeks in the US album charts, peaking at No.
The title, as written on the album, is "but drunk" in Spanish.
Songs for Dustmites is a pop/rock or indie rock album, and its lyrics are mostly about "science and love".
It marked the band's first album as a quartet, following the departure of original keyboardist Eric Stefani in 1994.
The artwork and packaging stuck but the disc's length was reduced to six songs including a "hidden track."
The re-release charted in the UK albums chart at #65.
The Disconnection is the second album by Carina Round.
The EP also includes an industrial remix of "The Endless Feed".
Esham announced a remastered version of the album will be available exclusively on the Acid Rap online store.
It was first achieved in 1954 by Roger Bannister in 3:59.4.
The DVD included the making of the video for "Stupid Girl", fan testimonials, and some home video shot during the recording of the album.
It is the sixth best-selling album in the United States.
Comparisons were made with artists such as Bananarama, The Bangles, Blondie and Spice Girls.
Stuart Davis is an American contemporary musician and songwriter.
The album's title called to mind the rap album Fear of a Black Planet by Public Enemy, released that same year.
Professor Kevin J. Dettmar, writing in the Oxford Encyclopedia of British Literature, described it as "the most important and influential rock and roll album ever recorded".
The songs "Marchin' on Washington", "Roll Call" and "Yes Yes Y'all" were cut short due to sample clearances not being made on time.
It was released on October 2, 2001, and has been certified Triple Platinum by the RIAA.
After being discovered by Lord Finesse in 1990, Big L signed a deal with Columbia Records, and he started to work on the album.
It was released in 1987 on Mute Records in the UK and Sire Records in the US.
Frank governs with Elmore James on his left and Stravinsky on his right.
It was released in 1977 by Polydor Records and featured the hit single and title track "In the City".
In the United States, this is her most successful Spanish-language disc.
It was recorded at Channel One Studio, Kingston, Jamaica.
The cover picture of the original release was taken by David LaChapelle.
The Best of Mr. Big is a compilation CD and DVD by the hard rock band Mr. Big.
Both mini-albums had been previously released in Europe on Wiiija Records.
All of the sets feature popular Canadian songs from the 1960s onward.
Burn to Shine is an album by Ben Harper and the Innocent Criminals, released in 1999 on Virgin Records America.
The exception to the medical samples is the song "For Felix", a piece dedicated to their deceased pet rat Felix, performed entirely on his cage.
The album was a commercial success and received overwhelmingly positive reviews from music critics.
When she eventually does emerge, she finds herself five days shy of her 30th birthday, uncertain to how she got there.
It is the first album to be also released in America.
The album reached #1 on album charts in Italy and Norway, #19 in the United States and #4 in the United Kingdom.
It is named for the film of the same name.
Moore recorded and released this album under the name Chroma Key.
Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven is the second studio album by Canadian post-rock group Godspeed You!
The complete "Black Francis Demos" were released as the first disc of 2004's Frank Black Francis 2-CD compilation.
A Tribute to Hard Core Logo is a 1996 album, which was released as an unofficial soundtrack to Bruce McDonald's film Hard Core Logo.
It debuted on Billboard's Top 200 Album chart at #2, and in the UK at #15.
The record was additionally promoted through the Tour Pies Descalzos, which visited North and South America and Europe throughout 1996 and 1997.
Dookie is the third studio album by American punk rock band Green Day, released on February 1, 1994, through Reprise Records.
Latterday Lizzy guitarist John Sykes now took the lead vocal while Marco Mendoza was recruited on bass.
You'll Rebel to Anything is the third studio album by New York City band Mindless Self Indulgence released on April 12, 2005.
Murdoch, David and Mick Cooke are the only long-term members to play on the songs, though Cooke only appears on the title track.
"I Turn My Camera On" was released as a single, and has become one of the band's biggest hits to date.
It features her best known songs "Moment of Weakness," "Spaceman," "Lucky," and "Chotee."
It has since seen retrospective critical praise and was reissued on CD in 2005 with extra material.
Over the years, a variety of floating-point representations have been used in computers.
Unlike previous compilations, this one skipped over most of Baez' earlier traditional material almost entirely, in favor of her more recent singer-songwriter material and covers.
It follows the aborted sessions for Togetherland, which was scrapped because Seal thought it was not up to the standard of his previous work.
The album was written in three weeks.
Behind the Mask is the 15th studio album by British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac, released in 1990.
It was released by Atlantic Records in April 1999.
The album contains mixes of every song on the original album except "Double Bass", "Latin Simone", "Rock the House" and the bonus track "Dracula".
It sold over 1.4 million copies in its debut week, and became the #1 selling album of the year in Japan.
An extended play titled The Holiday Collection was issued in Europe to accompany the compilation and the re-release of the single "Holiday".
The album's title is the Greek word for nine, a reference to the nine band members.
Released by ZTT Records in 1985, it was produced by Stephen Lipson under the supervision of label boss Trevor Horn.
The album sold several million copies in the U.S and was certified Diamond, and it was also certified multi-platinum in Australia, Canada and New Zealand.
It is considered by many critics to be Redding's first fully realized album.
The album was the band's second full-length album released following the more mainstream success of the 1995 EP, Subterranean.
The Dead and Dreaming is the second full-length album by the metal band Dry Kill Logic.
was voted 331st on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the "500 Greatest Albums of All Time".
            
The album was recorded and mixed at the Shelter Studio, Hollywood, California.
Bassist Nikki Sixx commented on the band's reunion, comparing it to "seeing Mike Tyson fight.
666 has been described as a combination of heavy metal and 1980s rock and goth, with lyrics centered around themes of love and death.
Harrison recorded the album between November 1967 and February 1968, with sessions taking place in London and the Indian city of Bombay.
The first is an ethnographic look at prostitution in Pakistan, TABOO!
Its lead single "Bye Bye Bye" is credited with creating the hype for the album's eventual landmark success.
It was released in November 1965, eight months after Jeff Beck replaced Eric Clapton on guitar.
The Big Bubble is an album by The Residents.
It is the only record featuring the original lineup.
Obscure Alternatives is the second studio album by English new wave band Japan, released in October 1978 by record label Hansa.
The title track later appeared as the last track on the construKction of light.
Submit is an EP by the British band Pitchshifter, released in April 1992 by Earache on LP, MC and CD.
You Boyz Make Big Noize is the fourteenth studio album by the British rock group Slade.
Limited vinyl pressing included the bonus LP with live set recorded at I.C.A.
The Rebels Not In has a generally more polished sound than the Halo Benders' previous two efforts.
1 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
It was his first record on Crazy Bastard Records.
The album's integration of soul and country music bent racial barriers in popular music, amid the height of the Civil Rights Movement.
The Sun will set exactly due west at the equator on the spring and fall equinoxes, each of which occurs only once a year.
He also recorded a new version of the song with his new band Missile Innovation in their self-titled mini-album.
Snowed In was also the best-selling holiday album for 1997 in the United States, selling 863,000 copies that year according to Nielsen SoundScan.
The resulting album, Vs., featured a rawer and more aggressive sound compared with the band's previous release.
In 2017, Pitchfork placed it at number 27 on the "50 Best IDM Albums of All Time" list.
These fans are listed individually, by name.
It stayed on the German charts for 17 weeks.
21 Singles is a compilation album by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain, released in July 2002.
It was released on 23 February 2000 by Virgin Records.
You've Got to Believe in Something is the third studio album by American rock band Spin Doctors, released in 1996.
The Land of Rape and Honey is the third studio album by industrial metal band Ministry, released in 1988 on Sire Records.
The album features various musical genres, most prominently country, but also R&B, soul, folk-rock and blue-eyed soul.
Us is the second album from Scottish indie band Mull Historical Society, and the follow-up to Loss.
The music video for the album's second single "G Bedtime Stories" which was a success, the song was produced by Meech Wells.
It was released on May 7, 1996.
There have been two reissues of the album, in 2000 and in 2010.
It features the worldwide hit single "Unbelievable" which reached number one on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Two tracks, originally on the EP, were later issued as singles from Get Born, "Rollover DJ" and "Cold Hard Bitch".
The album reached #12 on the Billboard album charts.
3 in the UK Albums Chart and achieving platinum certification in the UK and North America.
Humorously, they are virtually identical, all consisting of a close up photo of an individual, masked, TISM member.
This is the last album to feature long-time drummer Dave Holland.
Morrison abandoned the abstract folk jazz compositions of Astral Weeks in favor of more formally composed songs on Moondance, which he wrote and produced entirely himself.
No titles are written on the B-side.
In 2012, the album was reissued by Peaceville Records, including a bonus CD with audio commentary by the band.
Houses of the Molé is the ninth studio album by industrial metal band Ministry.
The album is a concert recording made in Caracas, Venezuela, De Vita's birthplace.
The title refers to the band's home town of Kingston upon Hull and is in the format of a sports result.
This was the last album until Too Low for Zero that Elton John and his classic band would play on together.
Filles de Kilimanjaro was well received by contemporary music critics, who viewed it as a significant release in modern jazz.
"Don't Tread on Me" was also issued to rock radio shortly after the album's release, but the song did not receive a commercial single release.
On its opening week, Pressure Chief sold about 46,000 copies, debuting and peaking at number 17 on the Billboard 200.
The album contains a selection of songs from the Eagles' first four albums released in the period from the Eagles' formation in 1971 up to 1975.
It was the band's last album with Tim Alexander before he rejoined Primus seven years later, and again in September 2013.
It was released on October 31, 2000, by Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings.
Bruce Wayne suffers burnout and is systematically assaulted and crippled by a "super steroid"-enhanced genius named Bane.
The reception for the other albums has been mixed, with the releases finding both fans and detractors among reviewers.
The songs "Sue" and "Uphill Both Ways" were re-recorded, originally appearing on Yellowcard's first album, Midget Tossing.
In addition, the single "Empty Pages" spent eight weeks on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 74.
UK-based company Rock Candy Records reissued this album on CD in 2014.
The band breaks the law by singing in the banned Mohelmot language.
It was recorded on Ozzfest 2003, where Chevelle served as a Main Stage act, and accompanies the concert DVD Live from the Norva, released October 13.
Produced by Graham Lee who had previously played pedal steel guitar in Lisa's roots-rock band Truckasaurus.
Production of the album was completed by Michael and Andrew in Spain by February 1997.
Three songs from Siren Song of the Counter Culture were released as singles: "Give It All", "Swing Life Away", and "Life Less Frightening".
Featured keyboard artist and Steamroller co-founder Jackson Berkey makes his final appearance on a Mannheim Steamroller Christmas album.
Though Brown is a comedian, not all of the songs are strictly comedic in nature.
The fourteen-minute opus, "Telegraph Road" has gone on to become a favourite on FM radio worldwide.
Pungent Effulgent is the first album by British psychedelic rock band Ozric Tentacles.
For the album's American release on Atlantic Records, R.E.M.
It also charted at #3 in the UK Indie Chart.
The album reached number 100 in the US during a chart stay of 1 week.
The lyrics to the suite were written by Bill Chase's longtime lady companion Erin Adair.
The song was used in the House episode "The Softer Side" in 2009.
The latter three tracks were all based on outtakes from previous sessions and had been polished and finished exclusively for release on this compilation.
The Silent Corner and the Empty Stage is the third album by British singer-songwriter Peter Hammill.
Fist Sized Chunks is the third studio album by the grunge band Skin Yard.
The Big Come Up is the debut studio album by the American rock duo The Black Keys, released in 2002 on Alive Records.
On June 26, 2006, the album was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales in excess of 500,000 units in the United States.
It was later re-released under Epic/Immortal on November 7, 2000 after popular demand.
Thematically, it was a marriage of the novel Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell and Bowie's own glam-tinged vision of a post-apocalyptic world.
The album sold 544,000 copies in its first week on the U.S.
Released on 26 August 2002 by Parlophone in the United Kingdom, and a day later by Capitol Records in the United States.
The album's 27 tracks on two compact discs were recorded from 1984 to 1986 but previously unreleased on CD.
Germfree Adolescents is the debut album of English punk rock band X-Ray Spex.
The Singles 81→85 is a singles compilation album by Depeche Mode, released on 14 October 1985 by Mute Records.
Critics generally praise "This Is England" as well as the album track "We Are the Clash", but tend to view the album as inconsistent and incohesive.
It collects all of their early singles and previously unreleased material from 1994 to 2000.
The Naked Truth is a live album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring, released in 1992.
Maybe It's Me is Treble Charger's third album, released in 1997.
The album's cover depicts a poker hand, but the hand shown is not a "full house" as defined by the rules of the game.
It includes the song of the same name, which was released on October 7, 1971, as Jackson's debut solo single.
It peaked at No.2 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
It also re-integrated use of heavy metal guitar riffs.
However, when EMI released its June 2008 release schedule, Age to Age was not listed.
The song "Watching Over Me" was written as a tribute to Schaffer's deceased childhood friend, who inspired the name "Iced Earth".
The album reached a peak position of #84 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Signify is the fourth studio album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree.
11 on the United States Billboard 200, No.
The compilation won a 1997 Metal Edge Readers' Choice Award for Best Hits or Compilation Album.
The album was released in July 1983 and peaked at number 4 in the UK Indie Chart.
Sinister Slaughter is the second full-length album by American death metal band Macabre and was released in 1993 by Nuclear Blast Records.
The Black EP is an EP by New York City-based post-punk revival band Interpol, released in August 2003 by EMI Records.
"Testure" maintained a steady position on Billboard's Hot Dance Music chart and would go on to be one of the groups most influential singles.
It was released on 5 May 1998 by record label Music for Nations.
Its county seat is Charlottesville, which is an independent city enclave entirely surrounded by the county.
Lyrically, Cooper employed a much stronger focus on comical sarcasm and on avoiding using clichéd subject matter.
The second half of the CD consists of highlights from another Romberg operetta, The Desert Song.
Over the next two years, it became her breakthrough album internationally as well.
Released in 1994, the album established Harper as a popular folk musician in the California area.
It was the third consecutive INXS album produced by Chris Thomas.
'Live At The Hardback' contains songs from the 'Moonpies For Misfits' EP, which was recorded shortly after the release of 'Live At The Hardback'.
On this particular track, the man goes insane, thinks he's a tiger, and kills a dog.
is the third studio album by American new wave band The B-52's.
Rundgren mixes uptempo numbers, studio gimmickry, and heart-stopping ballads on this mid-1990s release.
Let It Be is the compilation album by Laibach.
Beyond... is a compilation album released in 2004 by the band Static-X.
Don't Know How to Party is the third full-length album by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, which was released in 1993.
The album's title is derived from a quote in Gone with the Wind.
Due to differing opinions on direction, the trio worked in opposition to one another for the first time, and the sessions sometimes became contentious.
7800° Fahrenheit reached #37 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and was the band's first album to be certified gold in the US.
Under Rug Swept is the fifth studio album and third internationally released album by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette.
Spleen and Ideal is the second studio album by Irish / Australian musical act Dead Can Dance.
Often referred to as a folk rock album, Rubber Soul incorporates a mix of pop, soul and folk musical styles.
Sound of White Noise is the sixth studio album by American thrash metal band Anthrax, released in May 1993 on Elektra Records.
Frank reigns and rules with the strangest tools."
Frances the Mute sold 123,000 copies in its opening week and has sold 465,000 copies as of September 2006.
Forms of sentence involving penal labour have included involuntary servitude, penal servitude and imprisonment with hard labour.
Stress usually causes deformation of solid materials, or flow in fluids.
E-Z Listening Disc is a compilation album by the American new wave band Devo.
Tracks 10 and 14 were originally released on the New Alliance Records compilation albums Cracks in the Sidewalk and Chunks.
The Final Rip Off is a compilation double album by Monty Python, released in 1987.
The song "Moses", exclusive to this album, was written about Chris Martin's wife Gwyneth Paltrow.
The album became the worst performing album of Keating's career to date, only peaking at #21 on the UK Albums Chart.
It was reissued in 1992 and 2009; the latter for Japan with several bonus tracks.
The video was originally released in late 1993, and the DVD was released on September 12, 2006.
The Carnival is the debut album released by American hip hop musician Wyclef Jean.
It was released on Mushroom Records in Australia and Vanguard Records in the United States.
Rockin’ Down the Highway: The Wildlife Concert is the second double live album by American rock band The Doobie Brothers, released in 1996..
In 2010, the album was inducted into Decibel Magazine's Hall of Fame.
It peaked at number 62 on the US Billboard 200 album chart.
In addition, the Chicks were nominated for Best New Artist.
The follow-up single, "Just Take My Heart", was another Top 40 hit, peaking at number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100.
After his appearance at Woodstock with an interim group that included Cox, Hendrix began developing new songs and recording demos.
In 2003, the album was ranked number 97 on Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
37 in the UK, it was a much bigger success in the US, reaching No.
A music video was made for the track "Soon to Be Dead".
Artists include Tom Phillips, Richard Hamilton, Allen Jones, David Hockney, Clive Barker, R. B. Kitaj, Howard Hodgkin, Patrick Caulfield, and Blake himself.
Trance and Dance was Martha and the Muffins' 1980 second album, and like the previous Metro Music was produced by Mike Howlett.
He probably won’t bite anyone’s ear off — but you’re there in case he does."
Lex Records also released three EPs with tracks from the album: Take Care of Business EP, Conceited Bastard EP and the 26 Inch EP.
Babylon by Bus is a live album released by Bob Marley and the Wailers in 1978.
After the departure of original bassist Michael Dempsey, Simon Gallup became an official member along with keyboardist Matthieu Hartley.
Former "touring only" bassist Hank Williams III played on this album.
It contains tracks from different neo-tango and electronic artists from Buenos Aires, including NeoShaft, B.A.
Mondo Bizarro is the twelfth studio album by the American punk band the Ramones, released in 1992.
It peaked at #39 on the Billboard 200.
Distant Light is the third studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Alex Lloyd.
Several live versions of songs originally released on Ben Folds Five reappeared later as b-sides or on compilations.
By August 2005, the album had sold 50,000 copies.
Hounds of Love is the fifth studio album by English singer-songwriter and musician Kate Bush, released by EMI Records on 16 September 1985.
The album was released on 22 July 2002 by the duo's own record label Hands on Music.
Live/Dead is the first official live album released by the San Rafael-based band Grateful Dead.
Midwestern Saturday Night is the self-published debut album by American singer-songwriter Susan Werner, released in 1993.
Shout to the Lord was the first Hillsong Music album to officially feature Darlene Zschech as worship leader and the first album released by Integrity's Hosanna!
It was certified gold in July 1972 and platinum in October 1995 by the RIAA.
1 on the UK Albums Chart for a single week.
Time Fades Away is a 1973 live album by Neil Young, consisting of previously unreleased material.
It also included her hit singles and a number of recordings discarded from sessions for her third album.
The first single released from the album was "Get Up & Get It", featuring 3LW.
When the boosters run out of fuel, they are detached from the rest of the rocket and fall away.
Forever Changes is the third album by American rock band Love.
Ich hasse Musik is an album by German heavy metal band Knorkator, released in 2003.
They Got Lost is a rarities compilation album by the group They Might Be Giants.
From Here on In is a singles compilation by Australian punk band The Living End.
In 2002, Freewheelin' was one of the first 50 recordings chosen by the Library of Congress to be added to the National Recording Registry.
Keep It Like a Secret was released on February 2, 1999.
The album includes guest appearances by Maureen Tucker, Ronnie Spector, and Martin Rev.
It is the first "new" album the band recorded with Kevin Ridley as vocalist since this album's predecessor No Daylights...
Less cryptic than The Fourth Wise Man, which the group recorded two years later, Goodbye is lighter, with a more conventional pop sound.
It came three years after their breakthrough album, Different Class, and was eagerly anticipated.
It came in a regular jewel case with Japanese lyrics printed inside and peaked at 61 on the Japanese charts.
The band saw the exhibit in November 1983 in Japan while on the War Tour.
The liner notes were written by drummer Ian Wallace.
In 2013, Spin named it one of the 20 best Astralwerks albums.
Let It Enfold You is the debut album by American rock band Senses Fail, released through Vagrant Records.
The EP contains a message from lead singer Sonny Sandoval thanking the 'Warriors', P.O.D.
Too Old to Rock 'n' Roll: Too Young to Die!
Didn't See Me Coming is R&B singer Keith Sweat's seventh studio album, released in 2000 on Elektra Records.
In 1993, the album was named one of the 20 best albums of 1992 by Spin.
At the end of 1995, Cuomo enrolled at Harvard University, where his songwriting became darker and more confessional.
The band name is a reference to the 1992 Los Angeles riots, which are mentioned throughout the songs on the album as a recurring theme.
"Jammin' Me" was later included in the album Anthology: Through the Years, which the RIAA has declared gold.
By the end of 1996, "Moseley Shoals" had sold 1 million copies.
The 7" was dedicated to super fan Jesse Alkire.
Into the Unknown is the most commercially successful Mercyful Fate album to date.
Between late June and mid-August, the group went on the 2002 edition of Warped Tour.
The 4 live CDs were later released separately in June 2004
The remastered version was released March 29, 2005 on Mercury/Island/UMe and includes one bonus track, the previously unreleased title track.
Other hits included were "Foolish Games" and "You Were Meant for Me" as well as the UK single "Morning Song".
Personnel and legal reasons, as well as Rose's alleged perfectionism, caused the album to be delayed multiple times.
A second single, "Opticon", had more moderate success, and was featured on the soundtrack to the 2001 horror film Valentine.
The music consists of bizarre, hallucinatory textures and tribal percussion.
Many songs did not make the album in time, leaving Heaven'z Movie incomplete.
It is the first new album since the band ended with a bitter break up in 1998.
A: We Are Devo!, which relied more on guitars than synthesizers.
The title track as well as "For America" and "In the Shape of a Heart" were released as singles.
Disc 2 is a previously unreleased concert recorded at Ripley's Music Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on October 20, 1983.
The singles "Duel" and "Dr. Mabuse" were both Top 30 UK chart hits.
Fiesta Songs is a 2003 album by Señor Coconut Y Su Conjunto.
The CD reissue was remastered at Sound Recording Technology, Cambridge in 1994.
A contestant from Idol 2006 sang "Sick of It All".
The 1995 Euro Ralph CD reissue of the album included Duck Stab!
It included the standard 17 tracks, plus the bonus song "Come Over".
The Partridge Family Album is The Partridge Family's first album.
Recalling the rather muted response, Eric Idle would later claim "they were a particularly dead audience."
They have recorded five albums as of 2011, as well as a live DVD.
It debuted at number three on the Billboard 200, and went on to sell almost 2 million copies in the United States alone.
Alive or Just Breathing has been viewed as a landmark album in the metalcore genre and was well praised upon its release by fans and critics.
It was revealed in a 2007 edition of the British rock magazine Kerrang!
All songs on the soundtrack album are presented in the order they appeared in the film.
The album was released four months after the death of rapper Eazy-E, the group's mentor and the executive producer of the album.
A widespread critical success, it was acclaimed for El-P's sparse hip hop production and Lif's incisive, everyman lyrics.
"Lost to Apathy" is on the Alone in the Dark soundtrack.
It is a US re-release of Don't Let's Start, with different cover art, track order, and the additional song "Hello Radio".
Zevon's last album under his Warner contract was represented by this Best of collection, mastered by Barry Diament.
Conquer Your World is a 1991 album by Excessive Force, a side project of KMFDM and My Life With the Thrill Kill Kult.
Following its release, the band went on the Warped Tour throughout the summer.
The album's style was quite different from Better Than Raw as it had a much darker sound, very tuned down guitars, and gruffer vocals.
Play Me or Trade Me is the third and final studio album by the P-Funk spin off act Parlet.
It was Paul McCartney's first post-Beatles album to be released worldwide on the Capitol Records label.
It is the soundtrack to the film version of Paul Quarrington's novel Whale Music, and should not be confused with the band's 1992 album Whale Music.
Blackmail, Nico Blank, "Tamsi" Tamsjadi, and several others.
The announcement included a link to an explanatory essay by Matt Fraction.
It was the first album to feature drummer Nicko McBrain, who had recently left the Paris-based band Trust and has been Iron Maiden's drummer ever since.
It has since received some degree of cult status in the hip hop community.
The album was released in 1988, on Shimmy Disc Records.
The album was released on August 29, 1987, by Virgin Records.
The album was re-released in 2011 as Hidden Things: B-sides & Rarities.
The Radio Tisdas Sessions is a 2001 album by the Malian group Tinariwen.
It was released on October 16, 2000 by Mute Records.
"Sweet Guy Waltz" is a slower version of "Sweet Guy" which was on 1989's So Much Water So Close to Home.
Trip Reset is a 1996 album credited to Genesis P-Orridge and Psychic TV featuring The Angels of Light.
Brother Where You Bound is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Supertramp, released in 1985.
It was re-released in 2009 in a number of formats and featured 16 b-sides and rarities as well as a commentary track.
Upon its release, several different colors of vinyl were available in limited quantities.
It is a collection of 1950s and 1960s rhythm & blues covers influential to the members of the group during their early years.
It was also the final Who album with drummer Kenney Jones, as well as the last to be released on Warner Bros. Records in the US.
Vain Glory Opera is the third studio album by the German power metal band Edguy, released in 1998.
Some Old Bullshit is a collection of several early Beastie Boys EPs, recorded in the early 1980s.
The group recorded five tracks while they were there.
Tormato is the ninth studio album by the English rock band Yes, released on 22 September 1978 by Atlantic Records.
Days in the Wake is the second studio album by American musician Will Oldham, released under the moniker Palace Brothers in 1994 on Drag City.
Ágætis byrjun is the second album by Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Rós, released on 12 June 1999.
The album is a departure from the sound of their earlier material, blending contemporary folk influences with melodic rock.
The album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on June 26, 1996, denoting sales in excess of 500,000 copies in the US.
It is the only album of all-new material released by them on the Universal Music label.
The album was reissued under the name Unidentified Flying Object with 4 of the 5 tracks from the band's second album.
Computer World was listed by Pitchfork Media as the forty-fourth best album of the 1980s.
It was preceded by US compilations Olé ELO in 1976 and Strange Magic: The Best of Electric Light Orchestra in 1995.
In 2012, the album was ranked No.
The single "Two Lives" was provided by the leader of bassist Freebo's former band Edison Electric Band songwriter Mark T. Jordan.
In 2017, the album was selected for preservation in the National Recording Registry, being deemed "culturally, historically, or artistically significant" by the Library of Congress.
Blue Öyster Cult is the eponymous debut studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released on January 16, 1972 by Columbia Records.
All the Best is a compilation album by the band Stiff Little Fingers, released in 1983.
She's Been Writing is dedicated to Sandy Denny, one of Fowler's favourite bands being Fairport Convention
Andi Toma and Jan St. Werner of Mouse on Mars contribute to several tracks, and the album was co-produced by Andi Toma with the band.
The producer of the album, Tom Newman's name is also spelled out in a similar manner, as Thom Newman.
It was released on March 9, 1999 on the Sugar Free Records label.
On the first 5000 copies, Shai Hulud's name is misspelled on the spine as "Shai Halud", but appears correctly on the cover.
Party of One is an album by English singer-songwriter Nick Lowe.
Many of the album's tracks have long been included in Phish's regular song rotation and played during the band's live performances.
Brace Yourself for the Mediocre is the only album of the band Roper, released October 19, 2004.
The album peaked at number fourteen on the Billboard 200.
He also plays the second guitar solo on "Arriving Somewhere but Not Here".
Brothers in Arms would become Dire Straits' final album until they reunited and recorded 1991's On Every Street.
The song "Shi'ite Punk" was re-issued in 2000 on the anniversary re-release of their 1990 album Fear of a Punk Planet, also on Kung Fu Records.
In it, Rundgren rails against moral hypocrites.
The album includes one live track recorded at CBGB's, New York City, in 1989.
The band relies less on metallic riffs and more on melody and texturally varied arrangements, integrating some of the more delicate acoustic moods of their EPs.
The device could be programmed within any given pulse or frequency range, and could be triggered by a module to reproduce an exact pattern sequence.
An early demo version of "Secret Agent Man" had been featured in Devo's award-winning 1976 short film The Truth About De-Evolution.
Her songs became a lightning rod for both criticism by conservatives and imitation by the younger female population, especially "Material Girl" and "Like a Virgin".
He also says that he didn't have too many songs, hence the inclusion of two instrumentals – the aforementioned "Root Beer Rag" and "The Mexican Connection".
Smoke and Strong Whiskey is an album by Irish folk singer Christy Moore, released in 1991.
The official debut retail single was "Groupie Luv", which was also accompanied by a promo video.
According to the book St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture, the album sold half a million copies in 1989 in the United States.
's Cold 187um with co-producers KM.G and K-oss, as of Go Mack left the group after their Black Mafia Life album.
5 on the UK Albums Chart and No.
It is among the most popular Christmas albums in the United States, where it has been certified Quadruple Platinum, having shipped at least four million copies.
Before he founded Enigma, Cretu had released several solo records, collaborated with various artists, and produced albums for his then wife, German pop singer Sandra.
It was released on August 26, 1997 on Birdman Records, while Frusciante was still addicted to drugs.
This was the first of three Petty albums originally released by the Backstreet Records label, distributed by MCA Records.
The first edition was pressed on red vinyl; subsequent pressings were on black.
The lead single "Da Ya Think I'm Sexy" became one of Stewart's biggest hits, peaking at No.1 in both the UK and US.
219 Days is the debut album of Canadian Idol winner Kalan Porter.
The song was used in the 2004 remake of Walking Tall.
A live version of the song "Scatterbrain" was featured on MuchMusic's live compilation album, Much at Edgefest '99.
It was ranked #20 on Spin's 20 best albums of 1998.
This Toilet Earth is the fourth album released by heavy metal band Gwar.
Three singles were released from the album: "Ven Conmigo", "Pero Me Acuerdo de Ti" and "Falsas Esperanzas".
Enregistrement Public à l'Olympia 1964 is Jacques Brel's second live album.
It was produced by Marley Marl and established both as premier artists during hip hop's golden age.
's, a horn section of members of The Mar-Keys and The Memphis Horns, and pianist Isaac Hayes.
Analogue Bubblebath Vol 3 is the third EP by electronic musician Richard D. James, under the pseudonym of AFX, released 1 February 1993, on Rephlex Records.
It was released in the Summer of 1990 through Lookout!
The album became the second major commercial success of her recording career, following her successful breakthrough To Bring You My Love.
The album won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Flamenco Album.
When keyboardist and vocalist Kevin Moore joined the project, the musical direction of the album changed to become more focused on soundscapes and composition than musicianship.
However, neither material that properly presented their new approach nor hit singles were forthcoming.
Sparkle and Fade is the second album by Everclear, released on May 23, 1995.
It contains "Free as a Bird", billed as the first new Beatles song in 25 years.
The album contains several tracks that are hidden at the beginning and end of Disc One and at the end of Disc Three.
Additionally, Izzard takes time to explain his background as an executive transvestite and how it affected his desire to join the military.
In the intervening decade between Suede's 2003 separation and the release of Bloodsports, the album has steadily garnered a strong following as a classic album.
Giger, and is an update of a sculpture he created in the late 1960s.
Ixnay on the Hombre was a moderate success debuting at No.
It is notable for being the last album with Paul Barker, thus unceremoniously ended the "Luxa/Pan production."
Liner notes on the 1996 CD version state that it was "mixed and mastered by Vic Anesini, Sony Music Studios, New York."
An acoustic re-recording of Fush Yu Mang will be released in 2017 through PledgeMusic for the album's 20th anniversary.
That summer was known as the peak of the punk rock genre since many punk bands were offered recording contracts.
Nevertheless, it is now considered by many to be Suede's masterpiece.
The Divine Comedy is the actress-model-designer Milla Jovovich's first studio album; she was billed as simply Milla for this release.
One single, "Lil' Dub Chefin'", was released from the album on 22 July 2002, with moderate success.
All songs were performed with acoustic instruments.
The album was released "to the sound of one hand clapping," as Zevon later remarked.
It was named Channel 4 teletext's music magazine Planet Sound's Single Of The Year 1997.
Lonely and Blue is the first music album recorded by Roy Orbison for Monument Records, released in 1961.
The time of sunset is defined in astronomy as the moment when the trailing edge of the Sun's disk disappears below the horizon.
One Wild Night Live 1985–2001 is a live album by the American rock band Bon Jovi, released in May 22, 2001.
It also foreshadowed ZZ Top's synthesizer-driven direction later in the decade, with early experimentations in synthesizer backing on certain tracks.
The title track charted at number 24 in the UK, but received little radio attention in the United States.
In the summer of 1999, the rapper frequently performed on the Vans Warped Tour and in hip-hop clubs.
An Evening with John Petrucci and Jordan Rudess is an album by fellow Dream Theater bandmates John Petrucci and Jordan Rudess.
The quote "the brother's gonna work it out" comes from a track by Willie Hutch and is also featured in the duo's earlier track "Leave Home".
The second single, "Break My Mind", was Orbison's last Australian chart success during his lifetime, reaching #24 in March 1970.
While not a substantial musical departure from Madonna's first album, she felt that the material from Like a Virgin was stronger.
Little Games is the fourth American album by English rock band the Yardbirds.
It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, becoming the second consecutive number-one album in the series and the sixth overall.
The title was suggested by Leek Van Vlalen's friend, the Sydney University philosopher, Michaelis Michael.
              
Ukrainian singer Ruslana won the contest with "Wild Dances".
1 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart for six weeks.
The song MacArthur Park is also about that relationship.
It aired September 21, 2001, uninterrupted and commercial-free, for which it won a Peabody Award.
The Completion Backward Principle is the sixth studio album by the American rock group The Tubes.
1", as well as the subsequent single, "Mary of the 4th Form".
See "Old Material", above, for the half of the songs which have been authorized and preserved in marketable form by the erstwhile Mann and Kelly."
The album sees Brock performing on more instruments and using a more stripped down method of recording.
Since then, it has often been viewed as one of the greatest albums of all time, a deeply spiritual work, and Coltrane's masterpiece.
Fabulous Muscles has received mostly positive reviews.
QR III is the fifth studio album released by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot.
The music video was directed by Bill Pope and Michael Salomon and was filmed in Los Angeles, California.
"36D" was a relative disappointment after this success, only managing #46 in the singles charts.
In 2015, it was included by the Library of Congress in the National Recording Registry.
creating demand for Nilsson recordings, a reissue of his first two RCA Victor albums, then out of print, was considered.
The singles "I Like 'em Big and Stupid", "Trapped in the Body of a White Girl" and "Girl Fight Tonight!"
It was released on 18 February 1977 by Stiff Records.
Life Sequence is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach.
…Famous Last Words… is the seventh album by English rock band Supertramp and was released in October 1982.
X features a sample of blues-harp player Charlie Musselwhite on "Suicide Blonde", and Musselwhite himself playing on "Who Pays the Price" and "On My Way".
It was recorded by Bell and producer Michael Corcoran, as well as a few friends in a simple home studio using a Digidesign Digi 002.
However, some considered the work inferior to the band's previous albums, and the musicians themselves eventually grew distasteful of the record as a whole.
As was the case with the two previous albums, Computer World was released in both German- and English-language editions.
Lyrics circle various themes, while the structuring of the songs shifted towards hard rock, psychedelic rock.
The album includes several Rolling Stones songs, including "Too Rude", "Time Is on My Side", "Happy", and "Connection"
The album was the first album to include keyboardist and frequent songwriter Walter "Junie" Morrison.
Nile Rodgers was chosen as the primary producer of the album, due to his work with David Bowie.
A Collection of Beatles Oldies peaked at number 7 on the UK Albums Chart.
The album peaked at number 26 on the US Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
The opening track is "Real Love", the second of the two recordings that reunited the Beatles for the first time since the band's break-up.
In 2006, Castle Music re-issued the album as a double-CD with numerous additional tracks taken from radio and TV appearances.
Sean Malone and Steven Wilson also performed on the album.
It was released on 22 November 2004 on Island Records and Interscope Records.
also served to introduce a new group The Sallyangie, with siblings Mike and Sally Oldfield.
It peaked at number 6 on the Billboard 200 and spawned the singles "Dance the Night Away" and "Beautiful Girls".
Many of the lyrics and the album's title are derived from the role-playing game Werewolf: The Apocalypse.
The album was the first studio album as Squarepusher for Warp Records.
It was the band's first album to enter the Billboard 200 albums chart, debuting at #138.
The entire album was leaked on the Internet beginning in April 2004, long before the September 2004 release date.
Strangeways, Here We Come is the fourth and final studio album by English rock band the Smiths.
The album features the title track, which managed to peak at #80 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the only charting single from the album.
The two singles from the album, "More Than This" and "Rainy Day", were not originally intended to be included on the album at all.
The band has not returned to this sound after this album didn't sell nearly as well as No Name Face, their debut album.
25 on the Billboard Hot 100, and its video featured actress Juliette Lewis having a nervous breakdown.
Her first record in four years, the album contains the single "Cinnamon Park".
All four tracks from the EP were reissued on the compilation album Alkaline Trio in 2000.
XX was entirely remixed and remastered on Universal Records later in the year.
Fool's Parade is the fifth solo album by Peter Wolf, released in 1998.
It was released on March 26, 1996 by Merge Records.
RCA released Left of the Middle in the United Kingdom on December 8, 1997.
Natural Progression established Sweatshop Union as a player in the conscious underground rap scene.
The album itself was certified gold in Canada on September 1, 1980; "Echo Beach" was certified gold there on the following October 1.
The album received acclaim from critics, who praised Timbaland's futuristic production style and Elliott's performances and persona.
Beck was upset that they did so without his permission and, after he made his displeasure known, Sonic Enemy ceased to press any more copies.
It is the band's only studio album to feature original drummer John Kiffmeyer.
It debuted at number four on the Billboard charts and was later certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
It is the first "sideshow" entry in the group's Dark Carnival saga.
Neither Here nor There is a retrospective artbook by the Melvins, which was released in 2004 through Ipecac Recordings to celebrate their 20th anniversary.
On 31 October 1997, the album was remastered and re-released on CD.
I always thought these albums were underrated and really excellent.
Dance to the Music is the second studio album by funk/soul band Sly and the Family Stone, released April 27, 1968 on Epic/CBS Records.
The album is dedicated to the Smothers Brothers' producer David Carroll and the comments on the back were written by Jack Benny.
It was the group's most successful album, reaching #8 on the Billboard album chart and eventually selling two million copies in the United States alone.
It was released on April 8, 2003, by Fat Wreck Chords.
It is the first album which features current bassist and male vocalist Marco Hietala.
Throughout 1987, both music videos for "Free" and "Honestly" ranked No.
One Foot in the Blues is a compilation album by the American blues rock band ZZ Top, released in 1994.
Zaireeka was the first album made by the band since the departure of guitarist Ronald Jones.
It was the first number one album on the UK Independent Albums Chart when the chart debuted in Record Week in 1980.
In many of its uses, "the meaning of guessing is assumed as implicitly understood", and the term is therefore often used without being meticulously defined.
Tubular Bells III is the 18th album by Mike Oldfield, released in 1998 by Warner Bros. Records.
5 Songs is a six-track EP by The Decemberists initially self-released in 2001.
", which could be seen on old pinball machines.
It was the group's first album as a full band, as their previous album tej leo(?
Ah Via Musicom is the third studio album by guitarist Eric Johnson, released in 1990 through Capitol Records.
Making Movies was later certified platinum in the United States and double-platinum in the United Kingdom.
It was one of two Who studio albums with drummer Kenney Jones, who joined the band after Keith Moon's death three years earlier.
The mixtape was named the #7 best mixtape of all time in the XXL Top 10 Mixtapes.
Annihilate This Week was an EP released by American hardcore punk band Black Flag in 1987 on SST Records.
The album was certified Gold on March 14, 2003.
One More Song is the second solo studio album by Randy Meisner.
Outrospective is the third album by Faithless, released on 18 June 2001 it was the follow-up to Sunday 8PM and the predecessor to No Roots.
"Give It All" and "Swing Life Away" in particular, are credited with helping Rise Against achieve mainstream appeal.
Background voices were provided by John Bahler, Tom Bahler, Jackie Ward, and Ron Hicklin.
Vs. occupied the number one spot on the Billboard 200 chart for five weeks, the longest duration for a Pearl Jam album.
The tunings for this record as on Covenant and Domination remained E♭ on six string guitar songs, and B♭ on seven stringed guitar songs.
"Slit Wrist Theory" was released as a single and is often censored to "Wrist Theory" on music channels.
I line-up of the band was completed by vocalist/frontman Rod Evans, along with bassist Nick Simper and drummer Ian Paice, in March 1968.
"Rags of Flowers" was included on Troubadours of Folk Vol.
Nelly contributed to all lyrics on the album, with Epperson and City Spud also contributing.
It was released in Canada and the United States.
Lives in the Balance is the eighth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 1986.
The two were released together in 2011 for the first time "as they were meant to be"(Jon Oliva)
Breakfast in America is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Supertramp, released on 29 March 1979 by A&M Records.
The album was released through XL Recordings in July 1994.
It was the band's first album for Nitro, a label started and co-owned by Dexter Holland and Greg Kriesel of The Offspring.
A double LP, it was released in August 1972, being the first release featuring Peter Baumann, who joined then-current members Christopher Franke and Edgar Froese.
The instrument was a common motif among musicians of the time because of its ability to construct a complete sound environment.
It consists of cover versions of classic rock songs.
Live on Breeze Hill was The Band bassist Rick Danko's third solo album, and the last released before his death in December 1999.
The title is a tongue-in-cheek pun on male masturbation.
It was released November 20, 2001 on Five Minute Walk records.
As with Judee Sill, it was reissued by Rhino Records in 2003, featuring new liner notes and extra demos and unreleased tracks.
However, there are darker sides to the album as well, notably "Dancing on Glass" and "Wild Side".
The cover artwork is by artist Dan Seagrave.
Angels with Dirty Faces is the second studio album by English girl group Sugababes.
To date, it is the only Megadeth album where the only certified member of the band was the sole Mustaine.
Launched is the second album from German hardcore punk band, Beatsteaks.
The well-known hit single from this album, "Low", helped Cracker gain widespread notice.
Of the sixteen songs that appeared, ranging from the humorous to the depressing, all were new to listeners.
The artwork is done by the singer/songwriter's brother, David Barnes.
It was released on 24 February 1984, by Hot Records.
The band consists of vocalist Aaron Weiss, guitarists Michael Weiss and Brandon Beaver and drummer Rickie Mazzotta.
Michael Cretu, producer of the project, considered Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi!
The album consists entirely of covers of songs by the hard rock band Kiss performed in the bluegrass style.
The original North American version of the album was altered by Capitol Records to include a different selection of tracks.
A Passage in Time is the debut album released by punk rock band Authority Zero.
editor Irwin Silber complained that Dylan had "somehow lost touch with people" and was caught up in "the paraphernalia of fame".
It was first released on 11 October 1988 and is the Pet Shop Boys' second-best-selling album, selling over 4.5 million copies worldwide.
The album was the first to feature current lead singer Steve Hogarth, following the departure of former vocalist Fish in late 1988.
The cover was designed by Metallica and Peter Mensch and painted by Don Brautigam.
To confound the public's expectations of the band and their music, U2 chose the record's facetious title and colourful multi-image sleeve.
8701 is the third studio album by American singer Usher; it was first released on August 7, 2001, by Arista Records.
The record was the only studio effort the trio produced together, and was recorded over the course of six weeks in late 2001.
On "If Not Now, Whenever" Mal Sharpe asks a passerby "How're you doin' today?"
The VHS was recorded during a performance in San Francisco, California, United States.
It was produced by Jeremy Darby, Michael Phillip Wojewoda, and Kevin Hearn.
The album was certified gold less than a year after its release in the United States, and eventually certified platinum in 1996.
The album was released on Up Records on April 16, 1996, on both compact disc and vinyl formats.
Just Won't Burn is second studio album by American blues artist Susan Tedeschi, released in 1998.
Original bassist Kenji Ueda was replaced for this album by guest bassist Tatsuya Kashima.
It is one of the first albums recorded onto a hard disk drive.
The cover is a photo of John F. Kennedy's autopsy.
This album is a retrospective of the band's entire career.
It is consistently placed on 'greatest albums' lists by noted music critics and publications.
Five Stories Falling is a five-song EP released by Thursday in 2002.
All of the tracks on VROOOM reappeared on THRAK as different recordings.
Actress Nicole Eggert is featured on the cover.
The original release was released on January 15, 2004, with the re-issued version released on January 27, 2004.
However, the album is today widely considered to be one of the Byrds' best album releases, as well as their most experimental and progressive.
The Album features artists such as Eminem, 50 Cent, Akon, Trey Songz, Brick & Lace, Trick Trick, Big Herk, & Nate Dogg.
La Mano Cornuda is the second studio album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers.
For this release, all tracks except "Devil Doll" have been overdubbed with background vocals and/or additional instruments.
So Much Shouting, So Much Laughter is the second live album by singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco, released in 2002.
The album is now certified Platinum in the US.
The album makes greater use of electric guitar and piano than its predecessor.
We've Come for You All is the ninth studio album by American thrash metal band Anthrax.
Andrew Vowles departed shortly after the release of Mezzanine, and Grant Marshall refused to participate in the making of the record.
The Space Ritual Alive in Liverpool and London is a 1973 live double album recorded in 1972 by UK rock band Hawkwind.
The album was original released on March 8, 2004 under the name 667..
It is a concept album about work.
The title is a play on the phrase "West of the Rockies".
The album cover earned a Grammy nomination in 1991 for "Best Album Package".
The release prompted the band to reform after their 2003 split to take part in a seven date tour of Britain in October of 2004.
Side 2 features "Got Me a Girl" and "Girls Are Like That".
In Love and Death is the final studio album to feature drummer Branden Steineckert.
Tribal Voice is also the name of the official newsletter of Redskins Touch Club.
It was released on May 16, 2000 by record label DGC.
A Cappella would also be Rundgren's first official album for Warner Bros. Records, following the demise of Bearsville Records, which Warner Bros. distributed.
Tracks contain a series of both related and unrelated jokes, and are named for one of them.
The windows of the bus on the front cover were cut out, revealing part of the inner sleeve.
The First Four Years is a compilation album by the American hardcore punk band Black Flag.
Mike Patton stated that Japanese noise band Hanatarash's album Aids - A - Delic inspired this release.
It was also designed to capitalize on the band's appearance on an episode of the TV series Walker, Texas Ranger.
Legion of Boom contains vocals from actress Milla Jovovich and Kyuss lead singer John Garcia.
VI is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Black Label Society, released April 20, 2004.
Five tracks from this album were featured on the television show Grey's Anatomy.
It was recorded after the departure of guitarist Greg Brown and features a rotating lineup of musicians to replace him.
Produced by Steve Nye and David Sylvian, the album features Ryuichi Sakamoto, David Torn, Mark Isham and Steve Jansen among others.
In Concert/MTV Plugged is a 1992 concert video and 1993 live album by Bruce Springsteen.
Although The Notorious Byrd Brothers was critically praised at the time of its release, it was only moderately successful commercially, particularly in the United States.
It was released on March 19, 1996 by Island Records, with distribution by Polygram and it was her major label debut.
The artist has said in letters that the number was meaningless.
In the original track list, "U Can't Cee Me" featuring George Clinton and produced by Dr. Dre, was the 8th track of the album.
Phantom Phorce is a remix album of Super Furry Animals' 2003 record Phantom Power.
Gourmandises is the debut studio album by French recording artist Alizée, released worldwide on March 13, 2001 by Polydor Records.
She performed most of the songs on her 2000 Japan concert tour.
On Around the Fur, Deftones shifted away from the sound of their debut, using elements of genres such as new wave and shoegaze.
It was an immediate commercial and critical success in the UK, having followed on the heels of singles "Supersonic", "Shakermaker" and "Live Forever".
It was released on CD and vinyl in 1996, and subsequently re-released in 1998, 2002, 2005, and 2014.
The original title was Tales of Lucy Blue, hence the cover photo.
The album features stripped-down arrangements, as only Danko, Aaron Hurwitz and Band drummer Randy Ciarlante are present.
Mario Lanza: Opera Arias and Duets is a compact disc released October 8, 2001 of songs that were re-mastered in 1999.
This album also marked Seger's four-year departure from Capitol.
It is certified platinum by the RIAA for sales of one million copies in the U.S.
It features three remixes from his debut album Into the Sun as well as original material.
The parody was also used for a couch gag in the Season 8 Simpsons episodes "Bart After Dark" and "The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show".
Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for two weeks, as well as reaching the top 100 in three other countries.
Black Emperor, Modest Mouse and Built to Spill.
It was released in 2 November 1979 by Chiswick Records.
Mark Farina, along with Patty Ryan-Smith, created the now legendary weekly Mushroom Jazz club night in San Francisco in 1992.
The album charted in the North America and several European countries.
An EP entitled feel/Go dream: Yuna & Tidus containing additional singles not present in the game was released by DigiCube in 2001.
Antipop is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Primus, released on October 19, 1999.
In the United States, charity records reached their peak with USA for Africa's "We Are the World" in 1985, but then essentially died out afterwards.
The six songs on side two of the album comprise a jazz suite entitled "Ennea", with lyrics based on Greek mythology.
The events of Knightfall also led to the resignation of Wayne's loyal butler, Alfred Pennyworth.
ZZ Top's First Album is the debut studio album by the American rock band ZZ Top.
Menace to Sobriety is the debut studio album by American rap rock group OPM, released in September 2000.
The album was re-released on CD in 2006 as a "25th anniversary edition" with three bonus tracks.
The album was produced by the band and producer Ken Nelson.
In the liner notes of Roadrunner's reissue of the album, Cavalera admits that the band neglected to tune their guitars during the sessions.
It was initially released with the bonus CD Gilbert Hotel.
Down to Earth is the eighth studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne.
It spawned several successful singles, including "Push Upstairs", "Jumbo" and "Moaner", which was previously used in the film Batman & Robin.
Safe at Home is a 1968 album by country rock group The International Submarine Band, led by the then-unknown 21-year-old Gram Parsons.
Too Tough to Die borrows upon elements such as guitar riffs from 1983's Subterranean Jungle.
It was released on August 14, 1990 via Ruthless Records.
Alive in America is a live album by the American jazz rock group Steely Dan, released in 1995.
It was released in October 1995 on Lava Records.
Metallica is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica.
It was released on Warp Records in 2003.
      
              
Live backing is provided by a band that includes Lonnie Liston Smith, Branford Marsalis, Ronny Jordan, Donald Byrd and Roy Ayers.
1 in Norway, Austria, Canada, Australia and France, where it is one of the five biggest selling albums of all time.
It is a reissue of the band's self-titled 2001 independent release, with some new tracks.
In number theory, a unique prime is a certain kind of prime number.
Johnson penned the album's lyrics and melodies, while guitarists Angus and Malcolm Young composed the music.
It presents material she recorded at two 1996 concerts at the famed New York City club The Bottom Line.
Let's Stay Together was reissued in 2003 by The Right Stuff.
A promotional short film was created to promote the album.
The album peaked at number 20 on the Billboard 200.
The album entered the United Kingdom charts at #1, selling over 40,000 copies in its first week and becoming her highest charting release there.
A fifth version, in Italian, was lip-synched to on Italian television in 1981.
Let's Get to It is the fourth studio album by Australian singer and songwriter Kylie Minogue, released on 14 October 1991 by PWL Records.
Perry's production is sparse and haunting, only featuring guitar, bass, drums, electronic organs, and vocals with no horns or other embellishments.
The follow-up to her commercially successful album Falling into You, Let's Talk About Love showed a further progression of Dion's music.
Two years after its original release, the album sold 850,000 copies in the United States and won widespread praise from rock radio programmers.
Only half the songs form a single plot.
假扮的天使 is an album by Taiwanese singer/actress/model Vivian Hsu, released September 19, 2000 on the BMG label.
Darkness Descends was also Dark Angel's final album to feature vocalist Don Doty.
It was released on November 23, 1993, by Death Row Records and Interscope Records.
Its purpose was to correspond to the German thaler.
It has been certified Platinum in several territories including the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Germany, Canada, and the Netherlands.
The second single was "Breathe", which reached number 36 on the Hot 100 and became a top five club hit.
There's also one about me as a cowboy called 'Rider in the Rain'.
That was supposed to symbolize visual stereotomy.
Between 1991 and 1994, Enya released four singles from Shepherd Moons: "Caribbean Blue", "How Can I Keep from Singing?
All We Got Iz Us is the second album from American hardcore rap group Onyx.
Legs to Make Us Longer is the second album by American guitarist Kaki King, released in 2004.
ELO's Greatest Hits is a compilation by the Electric Light Orchestra, released in 1979.
Female Vocalist of the Year for her work on Beautiful Circle;
The cover art is a piece titled "Treatment" by Neil Burke.
XX is the fourth album and the first on a major label by the alternative metal band Mushroomhead, released in 2001.
Critic Jim Santella wrote, "This is timeless music from a classic ensemble.
It is Kid Rock's best-selling album, and as of 2015 it has sold 9,500,000 plus copies in the United States, according to Nielsen soundscan.
Master of the Moon is the tenth and final studio album by the American heavy metal band Dio.
The title of the compilation is a combination of the titles of their first four major label albums.
The album reached number 9 in the UK Albums Chart.
It is widely praised, but was not released on CD until the late 1990s, and then only in Japan.
It is their only full album to feature original drummer Tony McCarroll.
Initially published in Japan on March 9, 2005 it later became the band's first album to be officially released in Europe, North America and South Korea.
While "Give a Little Bit" was the big hit, both "Fool's Overture" and the title track also got a fair amount of FM album-rock play.
Get Up with It is a compilation album by American jazz musician Miles Davis.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and charting in seven countries.
With encouragement from peers, they recorded an album with other Canadian musicians from groups including The Evaporators, Zumpano, and Destroyer.
It has received positive reviews from critics.
Live Through This is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Hole.
and duets with Murdoch on "Sleep the Clock Around".
The album peaked at #27 on RPM's Top 100 albums chart the week of October 30, 1993.
It featured collaborations with The Go-Go's members Belinda Carlisle, Charlotte Caffey, and Jane Wiedlin; Rhoda Dakar from The Bodysnatchers; and Lee Thompson from Madness.
It's also their first album since Ronnie James Dio and Vinny Appice's reunion tour with Black Sabbath.
It was released by Moonfog Productions in 2001.
"Poker Face" was released as the album's lead single on April 8, 1998.
The regular European release had Edison bursting out of a man's stomach.
The album was also the band's first to chart in the United States at number 190.
The second volume in The Bootleg Series was to be an April 1967 show recorded at The Gymnasium in New York City.
The album was released on February 15, 1980, by Elektra Records.
It is their first release after a demo in 1995.
Donovan's Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan.
The compilation consists of all of the group's material released before Henry Rollins became the band's vocalist in 1981.
It is named after a song on the Islands album.
was serving time on a marijuana distribution charge.
The liner notes claim that Mohamed Atta and John Ashcroft helped Biafra with the lyrics of "Caped Crusader", and invite the listener to "spot the difference."
In Mysterious Ways is a 1985 album by John Foxx, the follow-up to his album The Golden Section, released two years previously.
The group also introduces storytelling to their arsenal in "Ragtime."
It was released on 23 May 2005 in the United Kingdom and entered at No.
The album was produced by Rick Rubin and recorded in The Mansion, a supposedly haunted house which Rubin now owns.
As with its predecessor, 1993's Jericho, it relies heavily on cover versions; only two tracks are original.
The album's curious title and subtitle require some explanation.
However, it failed to build on the commercial success of "Creep" outside of the United Kingdom, and it peaked on the United States charts at #88.
With four popular singles, it gained substantial commercial success, achieving gold status, and landed Cold in the mainstream rock scene.
The shift in direction that Kansas took with Vinyl Confessions took its toll before recording began on this album.
Weinrich also directed the video for "Insensitive", which was a nominee for the same award, but did not win, at the 1995 Juno Awards.
It was released by Mute Records on 2 June 2003 in Europe.
It was critically acclaimed and nominated for the 2005 Mercury Prize in August of that year.
Certified a gold record by the RIAA, Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid reached #16 US and #29 UK.
After a lack of label interest, Cantrell eventually acquired a deal with Roadrunner who requested that he condense the material to 14 tracks.
Affairs of the Heart is the third studio album by American pop singer Jody Watley, released in 1991.
Impossible Remixes is the fifth remix album by Australian singer and songwriter Kylie Minogue.
White Turns Blue is the international debut album by Norwegian singer/songwriter Maria Mena, released in 2004 in the United States by Columbia Records.
The session aired on August 31, 1997.
In contrast, treatments outside the bounds of safety and efficacy are termed quackery.
The album additionally peaked at numbers three and five on the US Billboard Latin Pop Albums and Latin Albums component charts, respectively.
For the Russian and CIS release Olivia d'Abo's part in Livin' on a Prayer was recorded by Russian superstar Alsou in Bon Jovi's studio.
It was released in 1996, and contains 14 songs.
The Indian pieces are contrasted by Western musical selections, in the psychedelic rock, experimental, country and ragtime styles.
Wonderland Park was the third and final album of Los Angeles band Ednaswap.
The album showcases his roots in the anti-folk scene.
Together with drummer Mike Baird, they recorded new guitar, keyboard, percussion drum parts for the songs.
As a code of conduct, "women and children first" has no basis in maritime law.
Music videos were filmed for "Jesus Is Just Alright", "The Hardway" and "Luv Is A Verb".
The songs were written by The Buggles between 1977 and 1979, with contributions on several tracks from Bruce Woolley.
As with each of their early albums, the band recorded one song, "Intermittently", completely naked.
The Japanese release of the album included a live version of "Eddie Walker" and the studio recording of "Bizarre Christmas Incident".
It was also considered one of her sexiest albums and among the best of her career.
In addition, the album crossed over to the dance charts where it peaked at number two for six weeks.
Also, "Nothin's Free" was released on Vinyl, while "I Don't Give a Fuck" and "Get Low" were released on CD.
The album was certified 8× Platinum in Canada, 6× Platinum in the US and 3× Platinum in the UK.
...Burn, Piano Island, Burn is the third full-length studio album by the American post-hardcore band The Blood Brothers, released in March 2003.
The album contains the top 20 hit singles "Easy to Be Hard", "Eli's Coming", and "Celebrate"; the latter of which featured the Chicago horn section.
The album was reissued on the Flying, The Early Years compilation, along with all of the band's other pre-Schenker work.
The album earned Keys several awards and accolades, including five Grammy Awards at the 44th Grammy Awards.
The album includes covers of The Quick's "Pretty Please Me" and Led Zeppelin's "Communication Breakdown".
This album was recorded on 1 September and 3 September 1990 at Stúdio Sýrland.
It quickly became the band's best selling album, although it was later surpassed by Fear of a Blank Planet.
Mashmakhan/The Family is a 1995 album by the Canadian rock band Mashmakhan, compiling both of their early 1970s albums.
The track was recorded live in Linz, Austria during the 1988 tour.
The album was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipping two million copies in the US.
Green Day first achieved popularity in the 1990s with a string of successful albums.
"Degüello" means "cut/slit someone's throat" or, idiomatically, when something is said to be done "a degüello", it means "no quarter" in Spanish.
was influenced by artists such as the Cure, Depeche Mode, Cyndi Lauper and Madonna.
Live Songs is Leonard Cohen's first live album, released during the three-year silence between Songs of Love and Hate and New Skin for the Old Ceremony.
Talk to Your Daughter is a blues rock album by Robben Ford, released in 1988.
It was released February 21, 2005, on Domino Records.
The televised concert took in 10.5 million viewers.
66, is a large-scale, non-liturgical setting of the Requiem composed by Benjamin Britten mostly in 1961 and completed in January 1962.
According to Billboard, the album has sold 400,000 copies as of May 2013.
Both "Do the Bartman" and "Deep, Deep Trouble" were released as music videos in 1991.
In the United Kingdom, it quickly became their most successful album to date, climbing to No.
"My Hit Song" appeared on the soundtrack to On the Line and also appeared on the compilation album Cool Traxx!
The 7" EP was released in April 1981 as Plan 9 Records number PL1013.
The health risks of second-hand smoke are a matter of scientific consensus.
The Ultra Zone is notable for its tributes to two legendary guitarists: Frank Zappa, and Stevie Ray Vaughan.
Sand in the Vaseline: Popular Favorites is a two-disc compilation album released by Talking Heads in 1992.
It was certified 6× Platinum in the US within weeks of the album's tenth anniversary.
Several of the instrumental parts were recorded live and include applause, blurring the lines between live and studio performances.
The phrase goes back to the 17th-century English poet George Herbert.
According to the 2011 Indian census, it is the fifth-largest city and fourth-most populous urban agglomeration in India.
Part of the song "Cronus" was featured in the intro to the Telewizja Polska show "997".
A third track from the album, "Fanatic", was only released as a promotional 7" single in France.
The album was completed after the death of frontman Joe Strummer, primarily by Martin Slattery and Scott Shields, and released on 21 October 2003.
Ska-Core, the Devil, and More is an EP by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones.
"Michigan Rain" was later rerecorded for his 1992 album Intoxifornication.
and "Ticket to Ride", appeared in the film and took up the first side of the vinyl album.
Axis: Bold as Love charted at number five in the UK and number three in the US.
O' God, the Aftermath is the second album released by American metalcore band Norma Jean and was released on March 1, 2005.
Recording sessions took place over a course of the whole year, with Nelly himself, alongside Kevin Law and C-Love serving as the records executive producers.
The album was the first by the group not to feature any cover versions of songs.
It can be heard as background music in a bar.
Zappa self-deprecatingly described the album as a "stupid little story about how the government is going to do away with music."
This is explained through a proposal for the Army's "first battalion transvestite brigade...with fantastic makeup and a fantastic gun."
Two was certified Gold in Canada in February 2001.
There are at least ten different versions of the album.
NME included it in the "Top 100 Albums You've Never Heard" list in 2012.
One of the album's tracks, "Deep In The Dark", was a newly written song to the music of Falco's "Der Kommissar".
It was released as a digipak and standard CD release.
It is essentially a compilation of all four of the singles that were released during his tenure on the Tower label, plus two previously unreleased tracks.
There are 25 songs in the CD and 39 in the DVD.
The album was produced by Prince Paul, whose work on 3 Feet High and Rising was highly praised by music critics.
It was Browne's fourth straight Top 10 album and stayed on the charts for 33 weeks.
In 2015, it was announced that Psychopathic would reissue the album in a 20th anniversary edition, featuring bonus tracks.
Commenting on the record's lyrical themes, Wentz said the lyrics were about "the anxiety and depression that goes along with looking at your own life."
The others previously existed only in live performances and unofficial bootlegs, but were not officially released until Toward the Within.
The third album in the folk-rock trilogy is Stormwatch.
Till Death Do Us Part is the seventh studio album by the Latino rap group Cypress Hill.
Pretzel Logic was reissued on CD in 1987 and remastered in 1999 to retrospective acclaim from critics.
It was produced and mixed by Tommy Hansen at Chateau du Pape and mastered by Ian Cooper at Metropolis, London.
It followed Feel Good Lost, and was the band's commercial breakthrough.
Pacific Trim is an EP released by indie rock group Pavement on January 23, 1996.
Paul and Wackerman did, however, leave the band after the 2001 release of their split album Friends & Family, Vol.
It was released in 1997 by the record company in an attempt to capitalize on her newfound success after the album Blurring the Edges.
JT itself was also nominated for Album of the Year, but lost to Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
At the 39th Annual Grammy Awards, No Doubt earned nominations for Best New Artist and Best Rock Album.
It is the only Who album to be entirely composed by Pete Townshend.
It incorporates the sounds of analog synthesizers and hip hop-inspired beats, as well as a number of field recordings.
One concert of the tour, the one on 4-5.07 in Paris at the Olympia, was recorded and released on a DVD called "Live Monsters" .
I Can See You is an EP released by the American hardcore punk band Black Flag in 1989 on SST Records.
The album re-entered the UK Chart on 18 June 2007, almost ten years after its release, at number 30.
In 2000, the album was re-released in the US, containing songs from both Step One and its successor, Steptacular.
...the English accent thing was more an homage to the bands he loved than anything else.
It features Ricky Martin, Raymond Acevedo, Sergio Blass, and new members Ralphy Rodríguez and Rubén Gómez.
Liverpool 78 is a live album by The Fall, first released June 4, 2001.
Rising Again is an expanded version of the 1990 live album Rising from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan.
The Ultra Zone is a 1999 album from guitarist Steve Vai.
Nilsson had hoped to use the title Something Wicked This Way Comes, and had asked sci-fi author Ray Bradbury for permission.
The music of the album contains many influences including funk, jazz, and disco which weren't as apparent in later material.
She recorded an album in 1998 under the label, which they rejected.
The album was not particularly successful in comparison to previous releases.
Many tracks of this collection are from the 1968/69 Blues Anytime series.
The lead single from the album, a live version of "Folsom Prison Blues", was a top 40 hit, Cash's first since 1964's "Understand Your Man".
While these symptoms happen right head injury occurs, many problems can develop later in life.
Suckin' Blood From The Devil's Dick originated from the Pandy Fackler tape from the late 1980s.
In 1982, it was adapted into a feature film of the same name.
Bee Hives is a 2004 album by Broken Social Scene.
"Walk This Way" and the album's title track are part of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll list.
's debut album Arular mashed up with samples of other recordings.
Although he did not perform with Carey, Ol' Dirty Bastard came out and rapped some of his lines to the Bad Boy Remix of "Fantasy".
Six and Six is the second studio album by American musician Jandek, and the first to be released under the Jandek name.
"Teen Years" gives descriptions of meaningful events that make teenagers' lives so special.
The album was released on June 8, 2010.
The album artwork was also modified to mask which record sleeves had been used in the album artwork.
Daily Operation is the third album by American hip hop duo Gang Starr.
My Favourite Headache is the first solo album by Geddy Lee of the Canadian rock band Rush, released in 2000.
It features vocal contributions from Jay-Z, Mos Def, Jamie Foxx, Syleena Johnson, and Ludacris among many other artists.
The LP was also issued in Germany on the Odeon label.
It also was the title of a Moorish-origin bugle call used by the Mexican Army at the Battle of the Alamo, Texas, in 1836.
Swedish magazine Slitz also named its cover art, created by band member Erik Ohlsson, as the "Album Cover of the Year" for 1995.
Behind the Music is the third album by the Swedish rock band The Soundtrack of Our Lives.
The album has sold over 235,000 copies worldwide.
This is the last Osbourne studio album to feature guitarist Randy Rhoads and drummer Lee Kerslake.
The music video for "Blue Tattoo" by The Super Friendz appears on the Canadian VHS of the film.
Respectively, these reached #2, #2, #5, and #18 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
The demo was recorded in guitarist Kevin Shields' parents' home in Killiney, South Dublin.
This new album, which would eventually be titled Alapalooza in reference to the music festival Lollapalooza, consisted of seven original songs and five parodies.
It included studio versions of some of the venue songs, and other non-album tracks.
Fagen was previously best known for his work in the group Steely Dan, with whom he enjoyed a successful career in the 1970s.
Beginning in February 1999, the band toured North American theaters for two months in support of the album.
The vinyl release contained all the tracks on the "Golden Ticket" version, spread out over four 10" records.
Seal IV is the fourth studio album by Seal.
So was remastered in 2002, partially re-recorded for Gabriel's 2012 orchestral project New Blood and issued as a box set the same year.
Songs of Love and Hate is the third studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen.
It was released on 12 October 1985 through record label New European Recordings.
Luck of the Draw is the eleventh album by Bonnie Raitt, released in 1991.
It was their first album and contains the singles "Flag Day", "Sheep", "Happy Hour" and "Think for a Minute".
This single brought the album into the public consciousness and was quickly followed by "I'm the Only One", which became a major hit and reached No.
A year prior to the album's release, the mellow ballad "Gone Away" was released on the WWE Tough Enough 2 soundtrack.
In 2012, the band got together after a three-year break to celebrate the album's ten-year anniversary.
It spawned the hit single "Lose Yourself" by American rapper Eminem, who also stars in the semi-autobiographical movie.
The album is named after a famous World War II graffito, 'Kilroy was here'.
It is also the first album with Oliver Holzwarth as guest musician, playing bass guitar instead of Hansi Kürsch.
The album has also been issued by Roadrunner in a two-disc set that includes the Millennium album.
A Live One is a live album by the American rock band Phish, released on June 27, 1995, by Elektra Records.
It was released in 1988 by Atlantic Records.
Buffett's Key West experiences would pepper his later work, but not like it did in the 1973-1977 period.
Additionally, Wayne realizes the peril and burden of attempting to work in solitude, leading to the eventual creation of the modern incarnation of the Batman family.
The album was the band's second and last record under Columbia Records.
Tubular Bells II is the 15th album by Mike Oldfield, released in 1992.
Sleeping With the Enemy is the second album of U.S. militant political rapper Paris.
Mellow Gold was released on March 1, 1994, following the surprise success of "Loser".
Then I went and weeded out the ones I didn't like."
Three further singles—"Just the Way I'm Feeling", "Forget About Tomorrow" and "Find the Colour"—followed the album's release.
A young Sean Lennon features on the track "Even When You're Far Away", recounting a story his father used to tell him.
It was released in May 2000 by record label V2.
It features their most popular single, "Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm".
Although the album still went to number 1 on the UK Albums Chart, making it the band's third and final chart-topping album.
Abandoned Shopping Trolley Hotline is a 2000 compilation of previously unreleased material, including BBC Radio 1 studio sessions, outtakes and B-sides by UK band Gomez.
These reissued records are 180 gram and come with a download of choice between MP3 and WAV formats of the album.
The album was later certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on February 2, 2000.
Break the Cycle is the third studio album by American rock band Staind, released through Elektra Entertainment and Flip Records in 2001.
Other tracks were reminiscent of Weather Report's previous albums.
Dead Vent 7 is an album by Single Cell Orchestra.
The CD-ROM also contains the music video for the song "Centerfold".
His presence altered the Red Hot Chili Peppers' sound considerably.
It was released in 1983 on SST Records.
The song "The Ascension" appeared on the two-part episode of Viva La Bam when the Margera's go to Europe.
It was re-released in 1974 as part of Syd Barrett.
Only months separated this release from their debut EP Austere.
meant to be "pinned-up" on a wall.
Allmusic gave a positive review of the album.
An Evening Wasted with Tom Lehrer is an album recorded by Tom Lehrer, the well-known satirist and Harvard lecturer.
This album is considered one of the first punk albums to expound serious anarchist philosophies.
This song "Just a Little Sign" represents the more typical side of Helloween, and that's what we wanted to make clear.
The thirteen cardboard sleeves are then packaged in a heavy-duty card box.
In July 2014, a stripped-down, modernized "concert" version was staged for Encores!
It was released to the Internet in February 1999, and for sale in the US in October of the same by the Freak Records label.
Like a Virgin is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Madonna, released on November 12, 1984, by Sire Records.
The follow-up to Trout Mask Replica, it is regarded by some critics and listeners as superior, and was Van Vliet's favorite.
Hasenchartbreaker is an album by German heavy metal band Knorkator, released in 1999.
The album is the sole studio release by Stills and Young in tandem.
Age to Age is the fourth studio album, and sixth album by Christian music singer Amy Grant, released in 1982 on Myrrh Records.
This is the second album made in collaboration with guitarist/producer Roy Z and is therefore much different from Bruce's previous Skunkworks album.
From this point on Epstein's vocals became an integral part of the Heartbreakers' sound.
12 and "Dinosaur Adventure 3D", which reached no.
My Love Is Your Love is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Whitney Houston, released worldwide on November 17, 1998.
The album was adapted into a musical in 2012.
On the DualDisc edition, it is placed between "Bury Me With It" and "Dance Hall".
However, some of Barlow's initial recordings remain on the record as backing vocals, and he is credited with co-writing two songs.
Modern Life Is Rubbish is the second studio album by the English alternative rock band Blur, released in May 1993.
Their Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by the Eagles, released in 1976.
The album contains a cover of Isolation by Joy Division, which also became a single.
Steinman wrote all of the songs and performed on most, although Rory Dodd contributed lead vocals on some tracks.
In censorship debates, the term means cultural works that are considered appropriate for children while at the same time palatable to adults.
It is the last album to feature original bass guitarist Alec John Such, before his dismissal from the band in 1994.
Commercially, the compilation was successful, peaking at number seven on the US Billboard 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
2nd to None is a collection of songs by American rock and roll icon Elvis Presley.
Both were released in remixed forms as both 7" and 12" singles, the latter format including extended remixes by François Kevorkian.
All songs were written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young and Bon Scott.
It was released on 9 June 2003, by Parlophone Records in the United Kingdom, and a day later by Capitol Records in the United States.
The album follows a lengthy writer's block for Fagen; the songs are based on personal observations about middle age.
Jackinabox is the third studio album by the British band Turin Brakes.
The album was released on the small independent label Passenger Records, owned by Caroline Records, a subsidiary of Virgin/EMI.
The album contains extremely strong language and therefore, according to the official website, "should not be bought for an elderly maiden aunt."
The band forefronts the Zenkinite movement, the Zenkinites being a crossbreed of the Moles and Chubs which were introduced in Mark of the Mole.
Pressure Chief is the fifth studio album by American band Cake.
