The species is endemic to the Middle East and especially Israel, where it has been declared an endangered species.
Pelophylax tenggerensis is a species of frog in the family Ranidae.
The western chorus frog, also known as striped chorus frog, or midland chorus frog is a species of frog found in Canada and the United States.
Its natural habitats are moist montane forests.
Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forests.
Phyllomedusa camba is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Weight can range from 55 to 1,000 g. They range in color from black to brown, and have lighter gray or yellow underbellies.
Stumpffia roseifemoralis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Loss of habitat, invasive plants, and disease are contributing to the loss of population.
Chthonerpeton perissodus is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family, endemic to Brazil.
Currently the species is under threat due to habitat loss.
Gephyromantis thelenae, commonly known as the Thelen Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Oedipina elongata is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is found in the north-west of Iberia at an altitude of up to 1,300 m.
The highland frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Belize, Mexico, and Nicaragua.
The type genus Phyllomedusa contains more than half of the known species within this subfamily.
Modern predators, such as crocodiles, use this technique to catch some of their prey.
Hyperolius hutsebauti is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
The white-lipped bright-eyed frog is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Arthroleptis poecilonotus is a species of frog in the family Arthroleptidae.
It is endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the states of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul.
The etymology of the name is also often incorrectly given as being derived from the Greek word ὕλη.
Its natural habitats are rocky streams in rainforests.
Litoria serrata was formerly synonymised with Litoria genimaculata, but this name is now reserved for a species in Papua New Guinea.
The European tree frog is a small tree frog found in Europe, Asia and part of Africa.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical swamps, and swamps.
The black knobby newt is a species of salamanders in the Salamandridae family found in China and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Rhamphophryne nicefori is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rocky areas.
The Seychelle Islands treefrog or Seychelles treefrog is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is endemic to the Southeastern United States.
Males can be heard calling at night from the edge of, or from within the water.
It lives in the leaf litter of tropical forest habitat, and it can utilize disturbed habitat and plantations.
Leptodactylus magistris is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Stumpffia tetradactyla is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The specific name tamacuarina refers to the type locality, a spur ridge north of Pico Tamacuari.
Many of the species show certain physiological characteristics which are not present in other frogs and toads, thus giving rise to this group.
The holotype is in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.
Cophixalus verecundus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Sloane's Froglet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
It is endemic to western and northern Thailand and known from Kanchanaburi, Prachuap Kirikhan, and Chiang Mai provinces.
The Japanese wrinkled frog, Glandirana rugosa, is a species of true frog native to Japan and introduced to Hawaii in the late 19th century.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rivers.
They also use the claws on their feet to tear pieces of large food.
It is found in Angola and possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Eritrea clawed frog or Peracca's clawed frog is a species of frog in the family Pipidae found in Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, and Sudan.
The Campo Grande tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
The spawn of the two species also differs in that frogspawn is laid in clumps and toadspawn is laid in long strings.
Scutiger glandulatus is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is sometimes called big-eyed tree frog, but that can also refer to the African Leptopelis vermiculatus.
It is threatened by habitat loss, introduced species, climate change, water contamination, and increased ultraviolet radiation.
The Mission golden-eyed tree frog or Amazon milk frog is a large species of arboreal frog native to the Amazon Rainforest in South America.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is particularly associated with forests rich in moss and lichens.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Jeju salamanders are speckled brown in color.
Craugastor cruzi is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
A breeding ground of Siberian salamanders in Paegam, South Hamgyong, is designated North Korean natural monument #360.
It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
Anodonthyla pollicaris is a species of microhylid frog.
It is very rare in Mexico and El Salvador but abundant at two Guatemalan sites.
It lives near or in montane streams and rivers at altitudes of 120–1,000 m. It is threaten by habitat loss and collection for consumption.
Females have much longer tails that are actually longer than the rest of their bodies.
Cryptotriton or Hidden Salamanders is a genus of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to Mexico, Honduras and Guatemala.
Its natural habitats are tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
The Oki salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Japan.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Heleioporus inornatus, the plain frog, plains frog, or whooping frog, is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
The genus has a wide distribution, with species in Asia, Europe, and North Africa.
It is endemic to the Western Ghats of India.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, moist savanna, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rocky areas.
The species has two described subspecies, C. l. lusitanica and C. l. longipes
It is endemic to southeastern Papua New Guinea and only known from the vicinity of its type locality, the northern slope of Mt.
The New Granada cross-banded tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Ophryophryne gerti is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
Keraterpeton is an extinct genus of lepospondyl amphibian from the Carboniferous period of Europe and North America.
Brimley's chorus frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to the United States, and is named for North Carolina zoologist C.S.
Cophixalus timidus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Craugastor adamastus is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
It is endemic to the Kenyan Highlands east of the Great Rift Valley.
These springs were important along the historical Chisholm Trail, from which the name of the species is derived.
This is useful in keeping in place in rocky torrents, where these frogs grow up.
The cane toad is a prolific breeder; females lay single-clump spawns with thousands of eggs.
It was named by Ana M. Báez, Geraldo J.B. Moura and Raúl O. Gómez in 2009, and the type species is Cratia gracilis.
Their heads are small and narrow, with hard, upturned noses.
Both have declined in recent years and are now considered endangered mainly due to capture for human consumption and predation by introduced species, but also pollution.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Leptobrachium chapaense is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
Paramesotriton maolanensis Gu, Chen, Tian, Li, and Ran, 2012
Like other mole salamanders, it is found near pools or slow-moving steams and has a very secretive lifestyle, making it difficult to find.
Scinax v-signatus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is sometimes known as the Veadeiros waterfall frog or Veadeiros treefrog.
The specific name refers to the whitish protuberances on the lips that resemble a mustache in the frontal view of the male holotype.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, moist savanna, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Scinax boesemani is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and freshwater marshes.
It is nocturnal and spends the day in a burrow.
It is endemic to the southern Zagros Mountains in Iran where it is known from just four streams.
It is endemic to Oaxaca, Mexico, and only known from the northern slopes of the Sierra de Juarez above Vista Hermosa.
It is endemic to Madagascar where it is widespread on the high plateau of central Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
The world population is thought to be around 100,000 animals.
Cophixalus sphagnicola is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Indorana is an extinct genus of lissamphibians which existed in what is now India during the Early Eocene.
Rhombophryne coronata is a terrestrial and fossorial species that inhabits primary and somewhat degraded rainforests as well as pine plantations.
The European green toad is a species of toad found in mainland Europe.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
On a second field trip there to gather more specimens the 18-year-old scientist died in a fall from a cliff.
It is most notable for its ability to change color between green and brown.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Chytridiomycosis has been identified as a possible threat, but no positive identification has been made.
Found in southern Kerala, it occurs in very high densities in agricultural fields.
Hymenochirus boettgeri, also known as Zaire dwarf clawed frog or Congo dwarf clawed frog, is a species of frog in the family Pipidae.
The ornate chorus frog is a species of chorus frog endemic to the Southeastern United States.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
Pseudobufo subasper is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
In its native range, it is also called "brown tree frog", but this name is otherwise applied to a species of the true tree frog family.
It is currently threatened by habitat loss.
Scinax obtriangulatus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The eyes are distinct and surrounded by a light ring.
Odorrana tormota, also known as the concave-eared torrent frog, is a species of Frog native to China.
Rulyrana spiculata is a species of frog in the family Centrolenidae.
The population is declining due to the invasion of humans on their land.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Factors distinguishing them include the frequency of the call, calling behavior, webbing between the toes and the angle of the line between eyes and nostrils.
It is endemic to Costa Rica and Panama.
As its name suggests, the red-eyed tree frog has red eyes with vertically narrowed pupils.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea, known only from specimens found in Kratke Range.
It is very similar to another species with which it overlaps partly in range, Hydrophylax bahuvistara which extends further into parts of central India.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Copiula guttata is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
The male bullfrog defends a territory during the breeding season.
The Booroolong frog is a species of stream-dwelling frog native to the western slopes and ranges of New South Wales and northern Victoria.
The Rana Marsupial is a species of amphibian in the Hemiphractidae family.
Thomasset's Seychelles frog is a species of frogs in the family Sooglossidae.
The species is threatened by habitat loss.
Sphaenorhynchus platycephalus, the South American lime treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Most hyperoliids lay their eggs in water, although foam nesting, tree-hole breeding, and laying of eggs in vegetation above water are all known behaviors.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.
The Charta tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Colombia.
The adults feed on spiders, grubs, and insects.
It is endemic to the island of Yapen, off the north-western coast of New Guinea, and administratively a part of the Papua Province, Indonesia.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate grassland, rivers, and freshwater marshes.
It has sometimes been regarded as a single species with the Imienpo Station frog, Glandirana emeljanovi, which is found on the East Asian mainland.
The Ryukyu Tip-nosed Frog,, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Japan.
It occurs in the Calakmul Biosphere Reserve in Mexico and in the Shipstern Conservation & Management Area and Fireburn Nature Reserve in Belize.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and rivers.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock gdazing and expanding human settlement.
Dendropsophus decipiens is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Dendropsophus pelidna is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
Hyperolius bicolor is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
The Valle tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Colombia and possibly Ecuador.
Eleutherodactylus rubrimaculatus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.
The common mudpuppy is probably the best-known species – as an amphibian with gill slits, it is often dissected in comparative anatomy classes.
Its common name is Guerreran peeping frog.
The type locality is at about 1,300 m above sea level.
The streamside salamander is a species of mole salamander from North America, occurring in several Midwestern states of the USA.
The desert spadefoot toad is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
Common name Perret's water frog has been coined for it.
C. fudingensis is a small newt, usually less than 100 mm in total length.
In addition, it is expected that there are or have been additional populations in the region between central Korea and Liaoning.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, intermittent freshwater marshes, pastureland, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Proceratophrys melanopogon is a species of frog in the Odontophrynidae family.
This species is notable for having a highly confusing taxonomy, discussed in detail in the Taxonomy section below.
The cane toad is an old species.
They live from Washington, D.C., to Florida.
It is endemic to Australia, and its populations are now restricted to the Black Mountain National Park, Australia.
It is the only species in the Adelotus genus - adelotus meaning "unseen" and brevis meaning "short".
Litoria chrisdahli is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
At last assessment, Dendropsophus leali's population trend was considered stable, i.e., its population is neither increasing or decreasing significantly in the wild.
Laos knobby newt, Tylototriton notialis, is a species of newt in the Salamandridae family.
Nymphargus griffithsi is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, flooded grassland, marshes, and temporary pools.
They lose their tails when they are about 30–33 mm long, and freshly emergent juveniles measure about 15 mm.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
They occur in every state except Tasmania, however this genus is absent from the far north of Australia and most of Queensland.
It is so similar to Hyperolius fusciventris that it has likely been overlooked elsewhere in West Africa.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The worm salamander has an average total length of 108 to 175 mm among adults.
Aquiloeurycea praecellens, the admirable false brook salamander, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Although deforestation is a potential threat, the spring salamander occurs in many protected areas and is not listed as threatened in the IUCN Red List.
It is a monotypic family containing a single genus, Uraeotyphlus.
Microcaecilia supernumeraria is a species of amphibians in the Caeciliidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
In the wild, the average lifespan of a mudpuppy is 11 years.
It is endemic to Mexico and only known from the Nevado de Toluca, near Toluca in the State of Mexico.
The Malabar gliding frog or Malabar flying frog is a Rhacophorid tree frog species found in the Western Ghats of India.
Pantylus was probably a largely terrestrial animal, judging from its well-built legs.
Oxydactyla is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea and occur in montane areas, at elevations of 1,800–4,000 m above sea level.
Endemic to Colombia, its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The total length of this medium-sized frog is 54–56 mm.
The Coal-black Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to the Chimanimani Mountains in Zimbabwe.
Hyperolius langi is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Odontophrynus achalensis is a species of frog in the family Odontophrynidae.
Its common name is Uluguru banana frog.
It is found in Morocco and possibly Spain.
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Chiasmocleis atlantica is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rural gardens, urban areas, and heavily degraded former forest.
They show no limb reticulation, which is present in most species of Ranitomeya.
These fairly large salamanders grow to 8.7 in in length.
Brachycephalus species are active during the day, and live in the leaf litter on forest floors.
Osteocephalus deridens is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Ecuador and Peru.
Egg clutches, which are small and clustered, are deposited on submerged rocks in the streams which this species favors.
The long-snouted frog, scrub rocket frog, or sharp-snouted frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
The Knife-footed Frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
It is similar to Dendropsophus leali but is smaller, has a shorter snout, more protuberant eyes, and more tuberculate dorsal skin.
Amolops gerbillus is a species of frog found in Asia.
Mantidactylus charlotteae is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae.
The population is unknown but is considered locally abundant and occurs in Mount Kaindi Wildlife Management Area.
All species are legally protected in Europe, and some of their habitats have been designated as special reserves.
It is classed as endangered due to the decline of its habitat in the Ethiopian Highlands.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
This species was described to science in 2006.
The mouth is recessed beneath the snout, and there is no tail.
Rhombophryne laevipes occurs in rainforests, including degraded ones.
The species was thought to have become extinct in the late 1980s.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, moist savanna, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Despite conservation efforts, the population continues to decrease.
Theloderma asperum is a frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Bolitoglossa hartwegi, also known as the Hartweg's climbing salamander, Hartweg's mushroomtongue salamander, or Hartweg's salamander, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to the Cordillera de Talamanca, Costa Rica.
Its skeletal remains are plentiful in freshwater sediments in western Bohemia, in Geiseltal and in east Germany.
Its name is derived from the three short claws on each hind foot, which it uses to tear apart its food.
Atif's Lycian salamander, Lyciasalamandra atifi, is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found only in Turkey.
Young are often seen amid water hyacinth roots.
It is only known from Fuding in northeastern Fujian, from the locality where it was described as a new species in 2010.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
Postcranial material is best known from the genus Tuditanus, showing that it had size, proportions, and skull configuration that were similar to captorhinids.
Litoria biakensis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Malawi, Mozambique, Tanzania, Zambia, Zimbabwe, possibly Botswana, possibly Burundi, and possibly Rwanda.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate grassland, and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and freshwater springs.
Bokermann's casque-headed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Since 1999, the population of this newt in the wild has been decimated by wildlife trading networks.
They were collected in the rainforest of Doi Suthep, near Chiang Mai, in Thailand, in a small valley at 1,200 m above sea level.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, and rocky areas.
The species was the first described from one of his many collections.
Synapturanus salseri is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The underside is white, and around the pelvis yellowy orange.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
First discovered in the year 1994, the Aussie Sunset Frog is a species of ground-dwelling frog native to south-west Western Australia, Australia.
Chiasmocleis shudikarensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Hypsiboas goianus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The mottled tree frog is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Odorrana chapaensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in southern Yunnan in China and in northern Vietnam.
Agalychnis callidryas is an arboreal hylid native to Neotropical rainforests where it ranges from Mexico, through Central America, to Colombia.
The Sierran chorus frog or Sierran treefrog has a range from the West Coast of the United States from Central California inland through Idaho.
Hyperolius pseudargus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Meristogenys amoropalamus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
It might occur on other volcanoes in south-western Nicaragua.
Currently there are seven families of tuditanomorphs, with two being monotypic.
The Indotyphlidae are a family of common caecilians found in Africa, Seychelles and India.
B. woodi does not possess lateral line sulci or an ossified branchial system.
Females are olive green or light brown in colour and also bear brown or black large spots.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, swamps, freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, and ponds.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, plantations, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, plantations, and rural gardens.
The shovelnose frogs are the species of frogs in the genus, Hemisus, the only genus in the family Hemisotidae.
The Puxiong salamander, Pseudohynobius puxiongensis, is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to China.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and freshwater marshes.
This species is native to Madagascar and can be found in lowland rain forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
A fish-eater, it might have lain in wait for prey, just below the surface of the water.
It is thought to occur more widespread than currently known.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna and rivers.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Italian crested newt is a species of newt in the family Salamandridae.
For a period it was treated as a synonym of Stereocyclops incrassatus, but is now recognized as valid species.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
The Northern Burrowing Frog is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
Its local Spanish name is sapo-toro comun.
The Periah Peak caecilian is a species of caecilian found in Karnataka and Kerala states, India.
It is found in Bolivia, possibly Brazil, and possibly Peru.
The Kunapalari Frog is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
The northwestern subspecies P. m. himalayensis was formerly considered a separate species.
Gephyromantis decaryi, commonly known as Decary's Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Callulina kreffti is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
This salamander is distributed in the Santa Lucia Range in California's Central Coast region.
Odorrana swinhoana is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Taiwan.
Atelopus oxyrhynchus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Based on molecular genetic data, it belongs to the Tylototriton asperrimus group of knobby newts.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, swamps, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Common name Ukami reed frog has been coined for this species.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests at higher elevations.
It is found in South Africa and possibly Lesotho.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and intermittent rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Kassinula wittei is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
The Lake Lerma Salamander is an extremely rare, occasionally neotenic mole salamander species from Mexico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
It is found in Malaysia and possibly Brunei.
This genus was erected in 2005 following a major revision of the Hylidae family.
The streambank froglet or Flinders Ranges froglet is a small, locally common, Australian ground-dwelling frog, of the family Myobatrachidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Louisiana slimy salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the United States.
After having not been seen after 1984, it was feared that the species might be extinct.
Its natural habitats are temperate grassland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, rivers, intermittent freshwater marshes, and irrigated land.
The taxonomy of the group is unclear, with many poorly described species.
The Neblina Frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The scientific name commemorates the British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
Rhacophorus hoanglienensis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Vietnam and possibly China.
Isthmohyla insolita is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are primary and secondary forests, including forest borders and gallery forests, within the Atlantic Forest.
Odontobatrachus is a genus of frogs in the comprising the family Odontobatrachidae.
Their range is from Oregon and California to northern Baja California.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
It is found in Brunei, Malaysia, and possibly Indonesia.
It is found in the Andes of Colombia, on the Andean slopes of northern Venezuela, and in the highlands of eastern and central Panama.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and rivers.
Chiasmocleis anatipes is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Colostethus agilis is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae.
An earlier genus, Lethiscus, is known from the Carboniferous and Early Permian.
It is threatened by habitat loss and fragmentation.
The red-legged Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Linda's tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Bolitoglossa mombachoensis is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The entire family is either terrestrial or aquatic frogs, with no arboreal species.
Scinax garbei is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Hyperolius atrigularis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The Japanese fire belly newt is a species of newt in the Salamandridae family endemic to Japan.
Hyperolius sankuruensis, the Omaniundu reed frog, is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
The adult grows up to 100 mm in length, with an overall dorsal colour of green with scattered white spots.
The southern New Guinea tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
The Italian cave salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It can reach a size of 60-80 millimeters, with females being about 10mm larger than the males.
It is a fossorial species, but during the breeding season, these frogs are found at shallow, temporary ponds and flooded areas.
The nostrils at the tip of the snout are visible from above.
It is known from Rossel and Sudest Islands in the Louisiade Archipelago, east of New Guinea.
The calls of these species are similar although differ in frequency, length, note and repetition rate.
It is endemic to Mexico and only known from the northern slope of Cerro Pelón, in Sierra de Juárez in northern Oaxaca.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and rivers.
The Jabiru Toadlet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, intermittent freshwater marshes, pastureland, and plantations .
This genus makes up the bulk of marsupial frog diversity; formerly it was placed in the "Leptodactylidae" assemblage.
The twelve species in the genus are characterised by a lack of toe pads.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The Usina tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rivers.
It is found in the Peninsular Malaysia and in Sumatra, Indonesia.
Breeding takes place in temporary and permanent pools.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
Isthmohyla lancasteri is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
This genus is the largest of any in the Myobatrachidae family.
A. woodhousii tends to hybridize with Anaxyrus americanus where their ranges overlap.
Its population trend was unknown at its last assessment.
Pseudepidalea is a genus of toads in the family Bufonidae, the true toads.
Ingerana reticulata is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
While living, this creature has a solid brown dorsum, and its concealed limbs and underbelly are blue with black spots.
In Papua New Guinea it is endemic.
The generic name Crinia likely derives from the Greek verb κρῑνω "to separate" as a reference to the frog’s unwebbed digits, meaning "separated."
This is a salamander of medium size, with a thin, elongated body.
Hylophorbus rainerguentheri is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Kerala caecilian, Uraeotyphlus interruptus, is a species of caecilian found in India.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna and rural gardens.
Adenomus kandianus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Sri Lanka.
The family was once more widespread, including species ranging as far north as Canada, but these died out in the Oligocene.
Bolitoglossa pandi is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to the Sandaun Province, north-western Papua New Guinea.
Parsley frogs are typical-looking frogs closely related to European spadefoot toads and megophryids, but differ largely in appearance.
It is endemic to Madagascar thus donning the nickname "Madagascar frog".
Oreophryne brevicrus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Odorrana morafkai is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam.
Kassina is a genus of hyperoliid frogs, commonly referred to as running frogs or kassinas.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, intermittent rivers, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Hyperolius protchei is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
The Tawny Frog or Tawny Trilling Frog is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The record from Gabon may refer to Phlyctimantis leonardi, and the western populations might belong to an undescribed species.
Collection for the pet trade has also been a threat.
Like other caecilians, they superficially resemble worms or snakes.
The slender frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is endemic to Presidente Olegário, Brazil.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate grassland, rivers, swamps, and freshwater marshes.
The grey foam-nest tree frog or southern foam-nest tree frog is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines.
Its natural habitats are mixed montane forests at elevations of 1,645–1,740 m above sea level.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
It occurs in fast-flowing streams and the surrounding habitats, and breeds in streams.
The Bailey's treefrog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
They were first spotted in Kon Plông District, Kon Tum Province, central Vietnam, in 2006, and formally described in 2012.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
Hyla surinamensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Based on molecular evidence, it was transferred from Austrochaperina to Copiula in 2016.
Both species are notable for their unusual breeding, with the tadpoles being raised inside the mouths of the males.
P. c. bartramiana is found along the southern Gulf Coast from southeastern Texas to northern Florida and southern Georgia.
Dwarf sirens are eel-like salamanders of the genus Pseudobranchus.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Mantidactylus ventrimaculatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Atelopus subornatus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Furthermore, the supratympanic fold of Taruga is straighter than those in Polypedates.
Silverstone's salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is monotypic within the genus Chlorolius.
The yellow-striped caecilian or Beddome's caecilian, Ichthyophis beddomei, is a species of caecilian in the family Ichthyophiidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, dry savanna, moist savanna, and intermittent rivers.
They lay their eggs in vegetation above water, often folding leaves around the eggs for protection—hence the common name "leaf-folding frogs".
Typical coloration consists of a background of brownish- to purplish-black overlaid with narrow gray or silvery-white reticulations, bands, or diffuse spotting.
It is endemic to Halmahera in the Maluku Islands of Indonesia.
Austrochaperina palmipes is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rocky areas.
Pasawioops has a characteristically long skull with enlarged tabular and postparietal bones.
It is the smallest of the poison dart frogs in the Phyllobates genus and is endemic to the Pacific coast of Colombia.
It is also related to A. bassleri, a much larger species which usually possesses a yellow or orange dorsum.
The northern ravine salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae endemic to the United States.
The species was named to honour American herpetologist Richard G. Zweifel.
The name Phyllobates aurotaenia is currently applied to two forms: a smaller, large-stripe form and a larger, small-stripe form.
Peltobatrachus was a large, slow moving animal, up to 70 centimetres in length.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, dry savanna, and moist savanna.
The Papallacta tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Common names longnose stubfoot toad, scrawny stubfoot-toad, and longnose sharlequin frog have been coined for it.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Common name Arndt's choerophryne has been suggested for it.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and intermittent rivers.
The frosted flatwoods salamander has a very narrow geographic distribution, occurring only in the southeastern coastal plain of the United States.
Bullfrogs are used in biology classes in schools for dissection and are sometimes kept as pets.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, intermittent rivers, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
They have four vestigial legs that end in two or three toes which are virtually useless, and eyes without lids.
Oreophryne brevirostris is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
In 2005 Noonan and Gaucher wrote in Molecular Ecology that there was evidence that Atelopus barbotini might not be conspecific with Atelopus spumarius.
It was described by Edward Harrison Taylor in 1960.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock grazing, fire and expanding human settlements.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, possibly Burundi, and possibly Rwanda.
Mudpuppies are nocturnal creatures, and only come out during the day if the water in which they live is murky.
Axolotls are used extensively in scientific research due to their ability to regenerate limbs.
Its natural habitats include moist and dry savanna.
The Scaphiopodidae are a small family, comprising only seven different species.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Plectrohyla calvicollina is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Craugastor aphanus is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
It is found in Argentina, Uruguay, and possibly Brazil.
It is endemic to the arid coast near the Pilbara in Western Australia.
However, based on molecular genetic data, its closest relative is T. hainanensis.
Centrolene medemi is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.
The Zapotec Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Sphaenorhynchus pauloalvini, or Paulo's lime treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It has been listed as one of the top-10 "focal species" in 2008 by the Evolutionarily Distinct and Globally Endangered project.
The species is found across Greece except in the northeastern corner, where P. ridibundus is found instead.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Although it is genetically similar to the Chinese fire belly newt, it is morphologically more similar to the Dayang fire belly newt.
The eggs must still be laid in a damp location, however.
Once thought to be endemic to the territory, the species has also been found in the coastal parts of Guangdong Province.
It is known from isolated ilia and tibio-fibulae recovered from the Iharkút locality in the Csehbánya Formation.
Cyclorana and Nyctimystes are nested within Litoria.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, intermittent rivers, shrub-dominated wetlands, and swamps.
Pedostibes rugosus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Thin, dark brown stripes occur between and around the eyes, and also sometimes on the tail.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater lakes, heavily degraded former forest, and water storage areas.
It is found in Guatemala and possibly Mexico.
The Wotjulum frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
A spiny ridge is found on the tarsus.
Hyalinobatrachium chirripoi is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
They eat mainly insects and are nocturnal, spending the day in sheltered burrows or under stones or logs.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Northern Territory Frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Choerophryne nigrescens is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Litoria singadanae is a species of small green tree frog reaching 35mm in length.
Uperoleia is a genus of frogs in the family Myobatrachidae.
Named for Brazilian herpetologist Eugenio Izecksohn, it is found in leaf-litter and is diurnal.
It is endemic to east-central and northeastern Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is found in Australia, Papua New Guinea, and possibly Indonesia.
It is a common species although habitat loss and water pollution are threats.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forests.
Walker's salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Atelopus ebenoides, the Huila stubfoot toad, a species of true toad, lives only in Colombia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, swamps, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Dendrotriton cuchumatanus is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, freshwater springs, ponds, and open excavations.
The mountain chorus frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Bombay caecilian is an amphibian found in India.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The Husain's caecilian Ichthyophis husaini was until 2016 considered a separate species.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, intermittent freshwater marshes, and plantations .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and freshwater marshes.
Boophis englaenderi is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Xenohyla eugenioi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rocky areas.
The Papua big-eyed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, endemic to Papua New Guinea.
One species of both Geocrinia and Taudactylus were split from Crinia and the genus Bryobatrachus was also described only to be recently placed back into Crinia.
A dark brown or greyish-brown species, it has no lateral stripes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, moist savanna, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Breeding takes place in grassy areas with deep temporary pools.
Humerana is a genus of frogs in the Ranidae family from southern and southeastern Asia.
Boophis is the only genus in the mantellid frog subfamily Boophinae.
Hyperolius marginatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
As befits a species that prefers wetland habitats, the webbing on the feet extends to the tips of the toes.
Its natural habitats are freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater lakes, and rocky areas.
The fairy tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Mexico.
Kurixalus eiffingeri is a small to medium size frog.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, intermittent freshwater lakes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
These are small to moderate-sized tree frogs, drably colored.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The spectacled salamander is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family.
The frog is threatened by habitat loss.
Its body was relatively large, ranging from 8 to 10 centimetres in length, and the female was usually larger than the male.
It occurs from southeast Queensland to the south coast of New South Wales.
Xenohyla is a genus of frog in the Hylidae family, and are found in the Brazilian states of Bahia and Rio de Janeiro.
This terrestrial species is typically found beneath logs, rocks, waste timber, brush piles, and within leaf litter.
The preferred habitat often has a good covering of damp moss.
The type locality is the Putao plains.
The Ceiba stream frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Honduras.
This species is only found in high altitude forests of the Ambohitantely Reserve.
Its local names are rana picuda and rana silbador.
In addition, pipids possess highly modified ears for producing and receiving sound underwater.
Because of the large areas of suitable habitat still available to this species, there are no major threats.
Leptodactylus gracilis is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Cycloramphus eleutherodactylus is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.
Aquiloeurycea scandens is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
This species has been introduced to New Zealand.
The upper side of the body is variable in colour, usually with irregular green patches on a light brown, grey or light olive background.
Truebella skoptes is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, moist savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, rivers, freshwater marshes, freshwater springs, and rocky areas.
The Guerreran climbing salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
In Sri Lanka, three species occur, and all are found in almost all habitats, preferring moister ones.
Rana sangzhiensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea and only known from two locations on the slopes of Mount Shungol in the Morobe Province.
Anodonthyla moramora is a species of microhylidae frog.
Its natural habitats are subtropical moist lowland forests, montane forests, and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
It may have red spots on tail.
Oedipina alleni is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is threatened by habitat loss for cattle pasture and agriculture such as sugar cane, coffee, and exotic trees.
Uperodon mormorata is a species of narrow-mouthed frog found in the Western Ghats of India.
It inhabits rainforest and wet sclerophyll forest of the coast and ranges.
The Cheoah bald salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae endemic to the United States.
After having not been seen after 1993, it was feared that the species might be extinct.
It is found in Ivory Coast, Guinea, Liberia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, and possibly Guinea-Bissau.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The spotted paddle-tail newt lives in streams and is characterized by its long, paddle-shaped tail used for propulsion.
To distinguish between gender, the male has a darker throat.
It occurs in the San Jacinto Mountains, San Bernardino Mountains, and San Gabriel Mountains in Southern California and the Southern Sierra Nevada.
The mole salamanders are a group of advanced salamanders endemic to North America, the only genus in the family Ambystomatidae.
The species' scientific name derives from "sub", "fluvius", and "colo".
However, it is not clear whether this is the most appropriate treatment, and the Kokarit Frog might rather belong in Hylarana.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Scinax kennedyi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Fourche Mountain salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae endemic to the Ouachita Mountains in the central United States.
A. viridimaculatus is becoming rare due to habitat loss due to small-scale agriculture and dam development.
This species is only known from the San Gabriel Canyon system, and typically lives above 1,000 meters in the San Gabriel Mountains of Los Angeles County.
Nectophrynoides is a genus of true toads.
Scinax angrensis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
It has been found from the fissure fills of Richards Spur in Comanche County, Oklahoma, which are Early Permian in age.
Oedipina savagei is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is found in Guatemala and Honduras.
The Korean water toad, Bufo stejnegeri, also sometimes known as the Korean toad or water toad, is a species of toad found in East Asia.
Philautus acutus is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Kalophrynus subterrestris is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland, temperate grassland, and rivers.
Gastrotheca nicefori is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
It was previously known as Hyla boans.
Breeding takes place in both temporary and permanent bodies of water, although it favours large, well-vegetated pools.
For lack of a better vernacular name, they are commonly called megophryids.
Daribok's striped caecilian, Ichthyophis daribokensis, is a species of amphibian in Assam in northern India.
The forest caecilian, Gegeneophis ramaswamii, is a greyish and rather large species of caecilian.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is found in El Salvador and Honduras.
Phlegethontia is an aïstopod, a group of legless snake-like amphibians.
The Ecuador poison frog is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae found in Colombia, Ecuador, and possibly Peru.
It is found in the upper Amazon Basin in western Brazil, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, and southern Colombia.
This fairly large tree frog is mainly green.
Osteocephalus planiceps is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and possibly Brazil.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, French Guiana, Paraguay, and Suriname.
Its body is dark violet-brown, becoming light brown ventrally.
The Menemsorae tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, found in Papua New Guinea and possibly Indonesia.
It is found in northern Baja California in Mexico and Southern California in the United States.
It is found in Malaysia and possibly Indonesia.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
There are also several more features of the mouth cavity, such as the number of projections on the tongue, shape of the tongue etc.
The Celaque climbing salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It lives in leaf litter but can also climb trees.
Dendropsophus cruzi is a species of frogs in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitat is temperate forests and it is probable that many nest in trees.
The Santarem tree frog, Hyla inframaculata, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Gephyromantis granulatus, commonly known as the Grainy Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
In at least one species, B. ephippium, the bright colours are aposematic, warning potential predators of its toxicity, specifically tetrodotoxin.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Similar behavior has also been documented in other frog genera, notably Hylodes and Micrixalus.
Ansonia latirostra is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Eleutherodactylus verruculatus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
All species construct a foam nest in which the eggs are laid.
Boophis septentrionalis is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The northern red-legged frog has long, powerful legs well adapted to jumping.
Gegeneophis carnosus is a rather small species of caecilian with a flesh-coloured body.
It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
It was endemic to Sri Lanka and only known to science from the holotype.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is known from the southern Cordillera de Talamanca in Costa Rica, Cerro Pando in Costa Rica and Panama, and the Pacific slope in southwestern Panama.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Leptodactylus marambaiae is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Its natural habitat is lowland tropical moist forest where it is threatened by habitat loss.
Hyperolius platyceps is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
It is endemic to the Cordillera de Talamanca, Costa Rica.
It is only known from Sanokwelle near Ganta in northern Liberia and from Beyla in southeastern Guinea.
It is also called the Plantanillo Gorge salamander.
It is threatened by habitat loss through deforestation and habitat conversion to agriculture as well as by the pollution due to agricultural run-off.
Physalaemus centralis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
The greererpeton lived in the Paleozoic era.
It is endemic to the northern part of the Cordillera Occidental in northern Antioquia, Colombia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
During the early evening, they are active and move to lights to catch the insects attracted to the lights.
The Sikkimese caecilian, Ichthyophis sikkimensis, is a species of caecilian found in India, Nepal and possibly Bhutan.
It is endemic to mountainous regions of New Mexico in the United States.
The grotto salamander was discovered in 1891 on the Ozark Plateau, and described by Leonhard Hess Stejneger in 1892.
Described in 2005, it is one of the most recently described species in the large genus Plethodon.
It is endemic to China where it is known in northwestern Sichuan and eastern Tibet.
It is one of 55 species in the genus Plethodon and one of the first of its cogeners to be described.
Craugastor xucanebi is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
Chikilids grow to about 4 in in length.
It is endemic to the United States.
The specific name is plural genitive and honours Dr. Rudolf G. Arendt and his family.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
For example, their mouths are not recessed underneath their heads, they possess tails, and they have numerous scales on their bodies.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
In sources published from 1999 onwards, the name Rhacophorus bipunctatus can also refer to R. rhodopus.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Hyperolius acutirostris is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
The eastern species U. laevigata, U. fusca, U. tyleri, and U. martini are also squelchers, but are distantly related.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
It is probably a complex of more than one toad species that is widely distributed in South and Southeast Asia.
Cycloramphus carvalhoi is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is blackish-brown to reddish-brown dorsally and somewhat lighter brown or grey-brown ventrally.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Xenorhina similis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats include subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and rivers.
Gastrophrynoides is a small genus of microhylid frogs in south-east Asia.
Originally a monotypic genus consisting of the skunk frog, Aromobates nocturnus alone, it was later expanded to include Nephelobates.
Choerophryne microps is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The species' name is derived from quilombo, the name for a Brazilian community founded by escaped slaves.
They live at altitudes of 3,200–4,600 m in the Andes of Junín and Pasco in central Peru.
H. sonani has very fragmented distribution and is threatened by habitat loss, mainly caused by the development of infrastructure for tourism.
About 150 species are described, buts several new species are described every year on average.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is found in south-central Arizona, the United States, and southward along the coastal plain and foothills to Western and South-Central Mexico.
G. nadkarnii differs from G. danieli in having substantially fewer teeth.
Its diet includes grasshoppers, beetles, flies, and mosquitos.
The Salta tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Argentina and Bolivia.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda.
Its taxonomic relationship with Leptobrachium mouhoti, recently described from Cambodia, is unclear.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Tam Dao salamander or Vietnamese salamander is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found only in Vietnam.
Chikila is a genus of amphibian in the order Gymnophiona.
Bokermannohyla clepsydra is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Only one genus, Telmatobius Wiegmann, 1834, is left, making Telmatobiinae/Telmatobiidae monogeneric.
The Chile Darwin's frog, also called the Northern Darwin's frog, is one of only two members of the family Rhinodermatidae.
The Tanami Toadlet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
It is assumed that most records from elsewhere refer to other, possibly undescribed species.
The tusked frog is a species of ground-dwelling frog native to eastern Australia from Eungella National Park, Queensland south to Ourimbah, New South Wales.
Bolitoglossa cataguana, the Cataguana salamander, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It has a black body, broken yellow or orange irregular striping along its spine, and a tail fin well evolved for swimming.
The Australian lace-lid is a tree frog endemic to the wet tropics of north- eastern Queensland, Australia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is found in Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico.
Chlorolius koehleri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
The Imienpo Station frog is found at low elevations, from 100 to 300 meters above sea level.
Hyperolius castaneus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
The Ceylon caecilian or common yellow-banded caecilian, Ichthyophis glutinosus is a species of caecilian in the family Ichthyophiidae endemic to Sri Lanka.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
The threats are not known and is thought to be locally protected and occurs in Arfak Mountains National Park.
Adult salamanders range anywhere from 45mm to 200mm in length depending on their specific species.
It is found in Azerbaijan, Georgia, Russia, Turkey, and possibly Armenia.
This species is large, with numerous sharp, pointed projections on the head and dorsal surface, hence the common name.
Hyperolius fasciatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, swamps, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The diet of adult S. salseri frogs consists of ants and spiders.
The genus Onychodactylus or clawed salamanders is composed of three species, all endemic to East Asia.
Amolops formosus is a species of frog found in high gradient streams of northern India, northern Bangladesh, and Nepal.
It is closely related to Necturus alabamensis.
This genus was named by Zoltán Szentesi and Márton Venczel in 2010, and the type species is Hungarobatrachus szukacsi.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, irrigated land, canals, and ditches.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo, and can be found in Upemba National Park.
The Small Toadlet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
This frog is threatened by habitat loss.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
A large number of species are classified in the genus, and similar animals, Phlegethontia and Sillerpeton, are known.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
Hyalinobatrachium dianae, also known as Diane's bare-hearted glass frog, is a species of Costa Rican glass frog in the family Centrolenidae.
Mantidactylus tornieri is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and rivers.
This acts as a warning to predators.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, rivers, and intermittent rivers.
It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand.
It is commonly, but incorrectly, called "congo snake", "conger eel" or the "blind eel".
Kalophrynus bunguranus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The exact population is unknown but it is seemingly abundant in well-managed Andohahela National Park and less common in Ambohitantely Reserve which is not well managed.
Leptobrachium huashen is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
The species tolerates substantial habitat disturbance and no significant threats have been identified.
Daylight colours are usually pale and drab, while their night-time appearance is colourful and eye-catching.
It is morphologically similar to some other members of the genus, particularly the magnificent tree frog and the white-lipped tree frog.
It is found in Colombia, Peru, possibly Bolivia, and possibly Brazil.
Remains of this genus are widespread and were found in Ohio, United States and the Czech Republic.
It is endemic to Kenya, where it is only found in severely fragmented montane forests in Taita Hills in the south-eastern part of the country.
The species' natural habitats are tropical forests and shrublands at elevations to 500 m above sea level.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by agricultural encroachment, expanding human settlements, and logging.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Plectrohyla avia, also known as the greater spikethumb frog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is endemic to the Cordillera de Talamanca, Costa Rica.
The lined tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
They create nests by beating a frothy secretion into foam with their hind legs.
Pseudepidalea latastii is a species of toad found in the north-western Himalayas of India and Pakistan, where it lives between 2,600 and 3,000 metres.
Scinax melloi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It was a lightly built animal, weighing around 560 kilograms.
The Hudson Bay toad is a rare subspecies of the American toad.
Recently, minor skeletal differences have separated the cream-backed poison frog from the rocket frogs, and placed it in another genus entirely, Hyloxalus.
Compared to other salamanders in this genus it is relatively stocky with long legs.
It is found in northwestern Venezuela and northeastern Colombia, mainly in the Maracaibo Basin.
This frog lives in the leaf litter on the floors of primary and secondary forests.
Leptodactylus elenae is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Bradytriton silus or Finca Chiblac Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The Leyte tree frog is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
The Prince Charles stream tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Ecuador.
Guibemantis flavobrunneus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It was previously placed in the genus Ramanella and has only been reported from three locations, though locally found in some numbers.
Most species in the genus are restricted to Borneo, but two species are from the Philippines.
It occurs in secondary forests, forest clearings, and farm bush.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, and freshwater springs.
Xenohyla truncata is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
Engystomops guayaco is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Boophis occidentalis is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae.
the species was named by José Vicente Barbosa du Bocage in 1886
The Mexican burrowing toad is the only species in the genus Rhinophrynus and the family Rhinophrynidae of order Anura.
Austrochaperina archboldi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is endemic to Madagascar, officially known only from Ranomafana National Park with unconfirmed records in Andohahela National Park, Andringitra National Park and Kalambatritra Reserve.
The natural habitats of this frog are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and intermittent rivers.
It is found in Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Frogs from Honduras now known as Plectrohyla exquisita were formerly included in this species.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is found throughout the Korean Peninsula and adjacent northeast China.
The status of the Chiricahua leopard frogs in northern Mexico may be uncertain, and this may be yet another separate lineage.
Boophis majori is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Kalophrynus intermedius is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The bleating tree frog or Keferstein's tree frog is a tree frog of the family Hylidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
The fossil record for pipids is relatively good, with 12 extinct species known.
However, a 2010 revision [2] suggested that the genus was paraphyletic, removing four of those species (Agalychnis aspera, A. granulosa, A. hulli, and A. lemur.
Boophis andreonei is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The Treasury Island tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
It is found in Peru, and possibly in Bolivia and Brazil.
The woodworker frog is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
Anderson's Salamander is a neotenic salamander from Laguna de Zacapú in the Mexican state of Michoacán.
Boophis ulftunni is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Reproduction takes place in temporary pools, also in altered habitats.
As such, this synthetic medicine could be used in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes.
The Cauca tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Cochranella ramirezi is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.
Males call from low vegetation near streams.
It is found in Lesotho and possibly South Africa.
This animal is known to hide under large rocks and among small stones as to avoid predators.
It ranges through northeastern China, the Russian Far East, and the Korean Peninsula, but is only sporadically distributed within this range.
The toad is among the 25 “most wanted lost” species that are the focus of Global Wildlife Conservation’s “Search for Lost Species” initiative.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Scinax humilis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Records from the Zomba Massif require confirmation.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, and Suriname.
The Cagua tree frog, Hypsiboas alemani, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Venezuela.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical swamps, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Potential threat to it is habitat loss caused by agriculture, wood plantations, logging, collection of bromeliads, and human settlement.
They are burrowing animals, which lay eggs that hatch into free-living larvae.
Exerodonta catracha is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is endemic to Central Queensland in Australia.
It is also known as the cliff frog and Marnock's frog.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Boophis tephraeomystax is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family endemic to Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Atelopus nicefori is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Habitat loss and degradation caused by livestock and firewood extraction are threats to this species.
Pseudophilautus temporalis was a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.
The females grow to be larger than the males, to a length of 3.5 in.
It is also reported to produce bufotenin.
It is found in Ethiopia, Somalia, and possibly Kenya.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Chiasmocleis capixaba is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
These small frogs are also commonly called sedge frogs.
Philautus jacobsoni is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Many species have smooth, brightly patterned skin that almost looks enameled.
It is endemic to Mexico and only known from the area of its type locality near Ayutla, Oaxaca.
Myersiohyla aromatica is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
These frogs live in Guyana, Venezuela, Surinam, Brazil and Bolivia.
After larvae hatch they swim around less than 1m away from the mother.
It is endemic to Peru and only known from its type locality on the Cordillera de Carpish, Huánuco Region.
Their diets consist of almost anything they can get in their mouths, including insects, earthworms, mollusks, and annelids.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Hong Kong warty newt or Hong Kong newt is the only species of salamander, found in Hong Kong.
They are restricted to rainforests and wet sclerophyll forests.
Polypedates maculatus, the Himalayan tree frog Indian tree frog, or Chunam tree frog, is a common species of tree frog found in South Asia.
Its natural habitats are rivers, mountain streams and swamps.
Like other caecilians, they superficially resemble worms or snakes.
Bokermannohyla langei is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Oreophryne kampeni is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Beddomixalus bijui, endemic to India, is the only described species.
The Daly Waters frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Leptodactylus camaquara is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Anodonthyla theoi is a species of microhylidae frog.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The Yonahlossee salamander is a particularly large woodland salamander from the southern Appalachian Mountains in the United States.
It is found throughout Europe, except the far north, areas of Southern France and the Iberian Peninsula.
It is endemic to Mexico and only known from its type locality, southern slope of Cerro Teotepec in Guerrero, at about 3,425 m asl.
The Kroombit tinker frog or Pleione's torrent frog is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
This species has also been introduced to Hawaii.
It is endemic to the island of São Tomé in São Tomé and Príncipe.
It is commonly known as the green burrowing frog and the marbled rain frog.
Because populations are rapidly declining, and reproduction is infrequent, the species is at significant risk of imminent extinction.
Although Keraterpeton had a long body, it did not have more vertebrae than most other amphibian species.
The Chinhai spiny newt is unique to the Beilun District east of Ningbo.
The Caucasian parsley frog is a species of frog in the Pelodytidae family.
Its range includes parts of Alabama, Georgia, and Tennessee, where it occurs in natural freshwater springs typically abundant in watercress.
Bolitoglossa peruviana is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is also similar in appearance to A. pongoensis, although the latter doesn't possess flash marks above its groin and has a different call.
Arthroleptis mossoensis, the Mosso screeching frog, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family that is endemic to Burundi.
It is found in Papua New Guinea and possibly Indonesia.
R. reticulata is native to the Amazon rainforest in Peru and Ecuador.
This rare species is threatened by habitat fragmentation and possibly fires.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Hoogmoed's tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Guyana, possibly Brazil, and possibly Venezuela.
The monotypic genus, has just two species, of which the Chile Darwin's frog is highly endangered or may already be extinct.
The Crater Salamander or Marbled crater salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It might be in population decline due to habitat loss.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The eggs are laid on tree leaves above bodies of water; the tadpoles fall into the water where they continue to develop.
It is endemic to the United States.
The golden coquí is a rare and possibly extinct frog species endemic to Puerto Rico.
The natural habitat of Pseudoeurycea aquatica is cloud forest at about 2,100 m above sea level.
After not having been seen after 1986—despite extensive directed surveys—it was declared extinct by the International Union for Conservation of Nature in 2004.
A. archotaphus and its relatives for example very much resemble Odorrana livida.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is near torrents in subtropical forest on sloping land.
It is similar to Ameerega petersi, but differs from the latter in call and size, by having allopatric distributions, and by not being close relatives.
Warren's tree frog, Hyla warreni, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Guyana and possibly Brazil and Venezuela.
There are two distinct types of calls—Uperoleia species make either a "click" or a "squelch".
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
It occurs in open grasslands and savannas.
It is endemic to eastern Brazil and is known from two locations in Bahia, Itabuna and Una.
It is found in Nepal and possibly India.
This isolated area has little human disturbance so the only known threats are chytridiomycosis and pet trade although these threats may not be significant.
It presumably breeds in waterbodies and has a larval development breeding strategy.
The Maya Mountains frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Belize and possibly Guatemala.
All of the Neurergus are considered threatened species, primarily due to destruction of habitat.
It is estimated to have been 2 feet long, and likely resembled a salamander.
It is distributed throughout northern Europe and can be found in Ireland, the Isle of Lewis and as far east as Japan.
The Meliana climbing salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Another nearby population may already be extinct.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The Cerro Pital Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Boophis idae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The hourglass treefrog reproduces differently from most other frogs.
Its natural habitats are rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
This newt ranges from brown to black above, occasionally with an orange dorsal stripe.
It is endemic to Madagascar, known only from Ranomafana National Park but it may occur more widespread.
It is endemic to the Sierra de los Cuchumatanes in western Guatemala.
Scinax ariadne is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It presumably occurs in the Republic of the Congo but has not been recorded there.
Its common name refers to the somewhat hair-like structures on the body and thighs of the breeding male.
They are found in Mexico, Central America, and South America.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, heavily degraded former forest, and ponds.
The Jollyville Plateau salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
The Balkan crested newt hybridises with the Anatolian crested newt at its eastern range end.
It burrows in soil and forest litter.
Probreviceps rungwensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Oreophryne waira is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Males are also distinguished by their thick front legs and black coloration on their backs.
Its natural habitat rainforest leaf litter; it tolerates some habitat degradation.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Ixalotriton is a genus of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The Cretan frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
The Himalayan newt is a species of newt found in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Boophis marojezensis is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The red-bellied newt is a newt, native to coastal woodlands in northern California, that is terrestrial for most of its life.
This species is native to the rainforests of Northern Queensland, New Guinea, the Bismarck Islands, and the Admiralty Islands.
Its common names include Angola banana frog and Osorio's spiny reed frog.
It is endemic to Madagascar, known only from Ranomafana National Park and Farimazava Forest in Antoetra.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, and caves.
It is found in Papua New Guinea and possibly Indonesia.
An isolated population, surrounded by other crested newt species, occurs in Serbia.
Phyllomedusa palliata is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rocky areas.
It is known to occur in four different localities in the Fukushima and Niigata Prefectures, including Tadami and Sanjō.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, pastureland, heavily degraded former forest, and .
Plectrohyla hazelae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Hyperolius orkarkarri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Physalaemus cuvieri is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Despite all this, common name common rainforest frog has been coined for it.
Their natural habitats are subtropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is endemic to Mexico and known from the El Cielo Biosphere in southern Tamaulipas.
Pseudis paradoxa is green coloured with dark green or olive stripes.
Oreophryne jeffersoniana is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Many of the species have relatively small population sizes, and not much in known about each species, or the genus as a whole.
Phlegethontia is an extinct genus of lepospondyl amphibian from the Carboniferous and Permian periods of Europe and North America.
Nototriton brodiei is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Rana amurensis is a species of true frog found in northern Asia.
Heterixalus rutenbergi is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to Madagascar.
Ramanella anamalaiensis is a species of narrow-mouthed frog found in South India.
It is endemic to central Argentina and known from the Pampa de Achala and Sierra de Comechingones, Córdoba Province.
Oxydactyla stenodactyla is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
The spotted rubber frog is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
The mimic tree frog, Hyla imitator, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus and expanding human settlement.
The area belongs to the Hengduan Mountains that form the southeastern part of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Metaxygnathus is an extinct genus of ichthyostegalian amphibian found in Late Devonian deposits of New South Wales, Australia .
Although the adult frog was formally described in October 2003, the taxon was recognized much earlier by its tadpole, which had been described in 1918.
The Dwarf Climbing Salamander is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate grassland, rivers, and pastureland.
The Cape York Frog or Peninsula Frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is found in Belize, Guatemala, and Mexico.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Common name Baumann's reed frog has been coined for this species.
Cochranella is a genus of glass frogs, characterized by lacking humeral spines in males, and having a lobed liver.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
It is endemic to certain mountainous regions of Mexico.
The Chinese flying frog or Chinese gliding frog is a species of tree frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in China, Laos, Burma, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical and tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical and tropical moist montane forests, and streams.
Chiasmocleis leucosticta is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Dendropsophus jimi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is found in Venezuela, possibly Brazil, and possibly Guyana.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It can be negatively impacted by forest loss for agriculture, wood, and human settlement.
It is endemic to the central mountain ranges of Papua New Guinea.
The Mountain-top Nursery-frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
All species are listed as endangered, except the Baw Baw frog, which is listed as critically endangered.
Common name Sierra de Malinaltepec salamander has been introduced for this species.
This is also the meaning of its species name in Latin.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its name derives from the Latin olivaceus, "olive-colored", in reference to its coloration.
The Tokyo salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Japan.
Dendropsophus joannae is a species of frogs in the family Hylidae.
They are the sister group to the newly discovered Chikilidae.
The Phu Luang cliff frog is a newly discovered true frog species from northern Thailand.
However, most of the populations is within the Ouachita National Forest, which offers them some protection.
They are also known to fishermen as "conger eels" or "Congo snakes", which are zoologically incorrect designations, with amphiumas being salamanders, and not reptiles, nor fish.
Marsupial frogs are so-called because they possess a dorsal brood pouch.
Plectrohyla celata, also known as the Oaxaca treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Xenopus is a genus of highly aquatic frogs native to sub-Saharan Africa.
Males measure 77 mm and females 94 mm in length.
It is monotypic within the genus Pachyhynobius.
It is native to northern and northeastern India, Tibet, and Myanmar, and possibly to Bhutan and Nepal.
The northern spadefoot toad is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
The feet are unwebbed and have a prominent disc at the toes.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, freshwater marshes, and ponds.
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
It is found in Costa Rica and possibly Panama.
It was formerly placed in the family Ranidae.
The western spotted frog is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, and swamps.
After fertilisation, a female lays 200–400 eggs, folding them individually into leaves of water plants.
It is a terrestrial species typically found under rocks and logs on moist soils.
Austrochaperina yelaensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Microhyla petrigena is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The mountain yellow-legged frog or southern mountain yellow-legged frog is a species of true frog endemic to California in the United States.
The African foam-nest tree frog or western foam-nest tree frog is a species of frog found in the tropical rainforests of Central Africa.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The frog's foraging protects the tarantula's eggs from ants.
Scinax rizibilis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
It is a brown frog with grey underside; the eyelids, middle of the back and snout are redder than the sides.
This is useful in keeping in place in rocky torrents, where these frogs grow up.
It is endemic to Brazil and only known from its type locality along the Uaupés River, "some days' journey north of Ipanoré", in the Amazonas state.
The species' natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is found in Brazil and Uruguay.
This genus inhabits some of the most arid zones of Australia.
Dendropsophus anataliasiasi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
Hynobiid salamanders practice external fertilization, or spawning.
Some marks on the side of the skull indicate that Greererpeton had a lateral line, a sensory organ commonly found only in fish.
Hyperolius ferreirai is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
It is found in Brunei and Malaysia.
It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
It is endemic to Italy; despite the specific name hispanicus, it does not occur in Spain).
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Peru, possibly Colombia, and possibly Ecuador.
This is why they are often called "water-holding frogs".
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The mothers stay wrapped around their developing eggs for two to three months, apparently not eating at all during this period.
It is a "cave salamander" that frequents twilight zones of caves and also inhabits springs and surrounding forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
Ingerophrynus macrotis is a toad species of the family Bufonidae, which is found throughout most of monsoonal mainland Southeast Asia and in northeast India.
Ramanella obscura is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The genus was established by Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti in 1768.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
It is also known as the Cerro de Enmedio Moss Salamander.
It is the only species of the genus Chioglossa.
It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, arable land, and plantations .
Oreophryne atrigularis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Umar tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
It is a terrestrial salamander that can be found under stones.
Calamita quadrilineatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
The moor frog is a slim, reddish-brown, semiaquatic amphibian native to Europe and Asia.
However, it is possible that its range extends to adjacent Mozambique.
Its natural habitats are swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The five species in this genus were previously placed in the Hyla genus.
The Kaironk big-eyed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, endemic to Papua New Guinea.
The tiny Pilbara toadlet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
Adults are from 9.0 to 12.5 cm in length.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Hakuba salamander or Japanese mountain salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Limnonectes heinrichi is a species of frog in the family Dicroglossidae.
both areas are in the Antioquia Department.
Due to habitat destruction, pollution and the introduction of predatory fish the population has decreased severely in the past decades.
It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, possibly Angola, and possibly Equatorial Guinea.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, freshwater springs, arable land, irrigated land, and canals and ditches.
Common name false Angel's caecilian has been suggested for this species.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and swamps.
Hyperolius wermuthi is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Gastrotheca pacchamama is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
Gephyromantis tandroka, commonly known as the Tandroka Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The Hidden-ear Frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
Females are larger than males and can lay 9,000 to 15,000 eggs at a time.
Breeding occurs after rain, and males call from temporary or permanent water.
Microhyla perparva is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The female digs underground while in amplexus, and lays her eggs in an underground cavity.
Lincoln's Climbing Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The body is dark violet-brown, and lighter ventrally.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It can be found in Costa Rica and Panama.
However, its range south of Mexico is uncertain because the records may refer to other species.
The gilled aquatic larvae are distinctly colored, having a series of bold brown and yellow longitudinal stripes.
Leptodactylus longirostris is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
There are seven species of caecilians in this genus, all of which are found in the Western Ghats in Kerala State, peninsular India.
Bokermannohyla lucianae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Cophixalus pipilans is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The red-backed salamander is a small, hardy woodland salamander.
It can be found in the Western Ghats in India.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
This species was previously within the genus Phrynohyas, which was recently synonymized with Trachycephalus.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture and logging but is protected by the Virunga National Park and possibly other protected areas.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, and Peru.
Mantophryne lateralis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Andinobates is a genus of poison dart frogs from Ecuador, Colombia and Panama.
The species has been recorded in grassy habitat near forest streams at up to 2550 meters in elevation.
Physalaemus obtectus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
The Günther's Toadlet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
It is a common species that occurs in several protected areas.
Clicking Uperoleia include U. glandulosa, U. aspera, U. minima, U. trachyderma, U. lithomoda, U. littlejohni, U. altissima, U. mimula, and U. rugosa.
The Desert Froglet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family, endemic to Australia.
It is known only from 10 adult and 13 larval specimens collected in 1957 by Edward Harrison Taylor.
The croaking resembles that of H. arborea, but it is deeper and slower.
The Malabar caecilian, Ichthyophis malabarensis, is a species of caecilian found in India.
Hyperolius tornieri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, freshwater springs, inland karsts, and caves.
Pipa parva, is a species of frog in the family Pipidae.
They vary greatly in color and patterning, but as juveniles tend to be bright green in color, and as they age they turn to a brown.
In some systems of taxonomy, this species is classified as Rana aurora aurora.
It is in the monotypic genus Madecassophryne.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Hyperolius leucotaenius is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Urupia is an extinct genus of salamander which existed in what is now Russia during the Bathonian epoch of the Middle Jurassic.
It also occurs on the island of Yapen, off the north-western coast of New Guinea.
Scinax chiquitanus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Microhyla rubra is a species of narrow-mouthed frog found in India.
The species is fully terrestrial, living and reproducing under damp vegetation in native forests.
Pseudophilautus halyi was a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.
The Honduran brook frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Honduras.
While most salamanders are silent, the Pacific giant salamander is one of several salamanders that have vocal abilities.
The three-toed amphiuma, Amphiuma tridactylum, is a species of aquatic salamander native to the Southeastern United States.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, swamps, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The IUCNredlist 2013.2 has not incorporated this taxonomic split.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Taylor's Climbing Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is derived from Yonahlossee Road northeast of Linville, where the specimen was first described.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
IUCN categorises this species as data deficient as it has only recently been described.
Reproduction requires the presence of a larger group of newts.
Hylomantis danieli is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Choerophryne fafniri is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
It is endemic to Madagascar and known from the Anosy Mountains in southeastern Madagascar.
Hyperolius seabrai is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
They lack a tongue or vocal cords, instead having bony rods in the larynx that help produce sound.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
This is a nocturnal frog found on tepuis in Canaima National Park.
Hainan knobby newts live under dead leaves or root holes in heavily shaded forest in the mountains.
Males court females with a ritualised display, ending in the deposition of a spermatophore that is picked up by the female.
Several species are highly convergent with other Ranidae "torrent frogs".
The genus Ensatina originated approximately 21.5 million years ago.
The fisheri/chiricahuensis complex has a close relationship with an unnamed leopard frog species called only "Lithobates species 2" known from San Luis Potosí, Mexico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forests.
It is a rare species that suffers from habitat loss and degradation.
The Yiwu salamander is similar to Chinese salamander and somewhat larger Amji's salamander.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is threatened by habitat loss for logging, cattle pasture, agriculture such as sugar cane, coffee and exotic trees and, in certain areas, by intense tourism.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, pastureland, and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
The Morona-Santiago tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Ecuador.
Plectrohyla calthula is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Spinomantis phantasticus is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae.
Pleurodema guayapae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Hyperolius acuticeps is a species of frogs endemic to the Central African Republic.
It is endemic to Mount Kinabalu in Sabah, Malaysian Borneo.
However, it occurs in several protected areas.
The pumpkin toadlet or Spix’s saddleback toad is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family.
The fringed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Malagasy Painted Mantella is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Phrynobatrachus gutturosus, the Chabanaud's river frog or guttural puddle frog, is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.
The many-ribbed salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the United States.
Gastrotheca litonedis is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, arable land, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
The Malabar tailed caecilian, Uraeotyphlus malabaricus, is a caecilian with a short and stout body that is violet coloured dorsally and lighter ventrally.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and possibly Republic of the Congo.
The sole species is Parhoplophryne usambarica, sometimes known as the Usambara black-banded frog or Amani forest frog.
Physalaemus maximus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
It is endemic to Madagascar and known from localities in northern, eastern, southeastern, and mid-western parts of the island.
Adult males have a total length of 153–166 mm and females of about 166 mm.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its reproductive success is partly because of opportunistic feeding: it has a diet, unusual among anurans, of both dead and living matter.
It is quite common throughout its range.
Bolitoglossa borburata is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The dainty green tree frog or graceful tree frog is a tree frog native to eastern Queensland, and north-eastern New South Wales, Australia.
The White-bellied frog is a small frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The small, darkly coloured frogs are generally terrestrial, and never, or infrequently, climb.
Chiasmocleis mehelyi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
R. dennysii, R. maximus and Polypedates feae were once contained within Wallace's flying frog as subspecies.
It is found in Bolivia, Peru, and possibly Brazil.
Based on molecular evidence, the species was transferred from Oxydactyla to Copiula in 2016.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forests.
Philautus acutirostris is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Dendropsophus minutus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It prefers humid areas, and is seldom found at altitudes of more than 800 meters.
Scinax berthae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Scinax crospedospilus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Shensi tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to China.
Tuditanomorphs have a similar pattern of bones in the skull roof.
Hyperolius balfouri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
This family has seen large changes in its composition.
This salamander is threatened by habitat loss.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rocky areas.
Tyler's toadlet is a species of ground frog that is found in coastal areas in southern New South Wales and eastern Victoria.
Pseudoeurycea conanti is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The salamander has blood-red external gills for absorbing oxygen from the water.
It is a common species within its confined range.
For years, this species was considered extinct because, despite considerable effort, none had been found since 1986.
Its common name is Peña Verde salamander.
The Maracas heart-tongued frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
Phasmahyla guttata, the spotted leaf frog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Great Basin spadefoot toads have adapted to life in dry habitats.
Staurois natator is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Meristogenys macrophthalmus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Polypedates colletti is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae found in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, and possibly Brunei.
Shades of red and orange may sometimes appear, either replacing or mixing with the yellow according to subspecies.
Bokermannohyla luctuosa is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Rhacophorus robinsonii is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Malaysia and Thailand.
It is found in Guatemala and possibly Honduras.
Hyperolius frontalis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is found in South Africa, Swaziland, and possibly Mozambique.
The revealed tree frog or whirring tree frog, is a species of tree frog native to coastal eastern Australia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, rivers, freshwater marshes, rocky areas, and caves.
Fedexia is an extinct genus of carnivorous temnospondyl within the family Trematopidae.
While frequently considered a valid species in the past, recent authorities treat it as a variant of D. tinctorius.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, and rivers.
It is a small, dark-coloured, fully aquatic frog with a length of 28 to 36 mm, males being slightly smaller than females.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rocky areas, caves, and subterranean habitats in the vicinity of streams.
This frog is native to coastal eastern Australia, from south-eastern Queensland, to around Eden, New South Wales.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Litoria rubrops is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
It is small and is found in wet tree hollows or leaf bases containing water.
It tolerates some habitat disturbance but is threatened from severe habitat loss from logging, mining, agriculture, and human settlement that is occurring within its range.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and intermittent rivers.
It is considered an endangered species threatened by habitat loss, climate change, pathogens, and other hazards.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is endemic to western Argentina and known from La Rioja, San Juan, and Catamarca Provinces.
It could be threatened by the expanding human population and the associated increases in the populations of domestic livestock.
The specific name stenodactyla is derived from the Greek words stenos meaning "narrow" and dactylos meaning "digit".
Gegeneophis primus is a species of caecilian discovered in Wynad district in the Western Ghats of Kerala, India.
Ansonia latidisca, commonly called the Sambas stream toad or Bornean rainbow toad, is a small true toad rediscovered in 2011 after being unseen since 1924.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, rivers, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and canals and ditches.
Bokermannohyla circumdata is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Brachycephalus mariaeterezae is a species of frogs in the Brachycephalidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
Schistometopum gregorii, also known as Witu caecilian, mud-dwelling caecilian, and flood-plain-dwelling caecilian, is a species of amphibian in the family Dermophiidae from East Africa.
The Mexican leaf frog, Pachymedusa dacnicolor, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Liophryne similis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, and possibly Venezuela.
Its skin is orange/red with random black spots.
Telmatobufo australis is a species of frog in the family Calyptocephalellidae.
Upon hatching, the tadpoles drop into the pools.
It is found in French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and possibly Brazil.
Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests where it lives on the ground.
Fire salamanders can have a very long lifespan; one specimen lived for more than 50 years in Museum Koenig, a German natural history museum.
Hylarana tytleri is a frog species in the family Ranidae.
Callulops sagittatus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The smooth newt, also known as the common newt is a species of amphibian, the most common newt of the genus Lissotriton.
Hallowell's tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Japan.
Platypelis tuberifera is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
They are closely related the Xenopus genus of clawed frogs.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The species is threatened by habitat loss.
Neither should they be confused with mudpuppies, fully aquatic salamanders that are not closely related to the axolotl but bear a superficial resemblance.
It might be a composite of two or more species.
Data from 2007, show, in Parque Nacional Manu in Peru, and numerous protected areas in Bolivia, and presumably Brazil were involved in this species' conservation programs.
Parker's caecilian is a species of caecilian in the Rhinatrematidae family endemic to Colombia.
Hylophorbus tetraphonus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The belly is smooth and mottled black and white.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is found in Venezuela and possibly Brazil.
It is considered to be an abundant species.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, intermittent rivers, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Some species in this genus are now considered extinct by IUCN, while others are widespread and abundant.
The cave squeaker undergoes direct development, forgoing existence as a tadpole and hatching directly as miniature adults.
Its natural habitat is tropical rainforest with small, slow-flowing streams, its breeding habitat.
Craugastor daryi is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
Cope's climbing salamander is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
The fungal disease chytridiomycosis has had a dramatic effect on the population as well.
Dendropsophus miyatai is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and freshwater springs.
They lay their eggs within a batch of sponge-like foam which is suspended from a tree branch, usually hanging over a pond, marsh, or slow-flowing stream.
Stefania ackawaio is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.
It is probably negatively impacted by severe deforestation caused by agricultural expansion, logging, and growing human settlements.
Austrochaperina aquilonia is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
The Imperial cave salamander or scented cave salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to Sardinia.
Philautus disgregus is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
This salamander is also synonymous with the mountain salamander.
It is one of 55 species in the genus Plethodon, and was one of the first to be described of its cogeners.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rural gardens.
Adults are 60–70 mm in length and are distinguished from common toads by a yellow line down the middle of the back, and parallel paratoid glands.
The Tabor tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Colombia and Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Males call during the rainy season from shallow water and low bushes.
Conservation measures include maintaining traditional agricultural practices.
The Kuala Lumpur caecilian, Caudacaecilia nigroflava, is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to Malaysia.
The Telmatobufo genus contains four species, T. australis, T. bullocki, T. ignotus, and T. venustus.
Scinax cabralensis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is only known from its type locality, Chengalam village in Kerala, India.
The commercial trade in these species requireds tight regulation in order not to threaten it.
It was discovered in the Ailaoshan National Nature Reserve in Ailao Mountains, Yunnan.
It lives in cloud forests of eastern Andean slopes at altitudes of 2,600–3,072 metres.
It is found at intermediate-high altitudes and has a phytotelm-breeding reproductive strategy.
It was described by P. P. Skutschas and S. A. Krasnolutskii in 2011, and the type species is U. monstrosa.
Taruga is yet another such deeply divergent clade.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Phyllomedusa ayeaye is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Franz Steindachner, who described the species in 1867, specified neither a holotype nor syntypes.
The red-tailed knobby newt or Kweichow newt is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family.
It is found in Laos and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent rivers.
The Alishan salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to Taiwan.
The wrinkled toadlet, is a small, ground-dwelling frog native to eastern Australia.
The Stuttering frog is a large species of frog that inhabits temperate and sub-tropical rainforest and wet sclerophyll forest in Australia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, moist savanna, rivers, intermittent freshwater marshes, and canals and ditches.
Spotted narrow-mouthed frog is a species of narrow-mouthed frog found in India and South East Asia including Hong Kong.
The Porto Alegre golden-eyed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
It is found in southern Malawi, central Mozambique, and eastern Zimbabwe.
Rhinella chavin is a species of toad from family Bufonidae.
Scinax is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family found in eastern and southern Mexico to Argentina and Uruguay, Trinidad and Tobago, and Saint Lucia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Boophis lilianae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Conant's salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is found in El Salvador, Guatemala, and possibly Honduras.
It is also known as the Tonkawa Springs salamander.
It is mostly found at altitudes higher than 800 m above sea level.
The species is endemic to Thailand and known from Khao Yai National Park only.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
Cardioglossa trifasciata is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
The Neglected Frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Peru, and possibly Colombia.
The Oak Forest Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, temperate grassland, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
To protect itself against predators such as the large gorgonopsid therapsids, it had developed an armadillo-like armored plating covering its body and tail.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda.
The Cabalian frog or Leyte slender stream frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
The Yunnan pond frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in southwestern China and possibly in adjacent parts of Myanmar.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forests.
Austrochaperina parkeri is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Natal Banana Frog is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, moist savanna, rivers, and plantations .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The frog was discovered in Madagascar and was previously confused with Anodonthyla nigrigularis.
Gephyromantis moseri, commonly known as Moser's Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
These frogs are small, with the body length measured from snout to vent between 11–23 mm.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Dendrotriton bromeliacius is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It lived in Ohio and West Virginia during the Permian period.
They are sometimes preserved very well indeed, with impressions of internal organs, muscles, nerves, blood vessels and epidermis, and with traces of coloring.
Here the frog remains amongst the depressions and recesses, the female leaving its eggs amidst the fallen timber and dense vegetation of the lush Warren region.
It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
It was named after Jefferson College in Pennsylvania.
Arthroleptis affinis is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
About half of hynobiids are unique to Japan.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, freshwater marshes, and freshwater springs.
Lechriodus aganoposis is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
The Ailao toad is a species of toads in the family Bufonidae.
The Huanren frog is a species of true frog found in East Asia.
It is thought to be endemic to Costa Rica.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rocky areas.
The undersides are yellow and the belly is white.
Leptodactylus labrosus is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
It lives in many habitats, including steppes, mountainous areas, semi-deserts, and urban areas.
Scolecomorphids have only vestigial eyes, which are attached to the base of a pair of tentacles underneath the snout.
It is endemic to eastern Brazil and only known from its type locality near Maracás, Bahia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, pastureland, rural gardens, urban areas, and heavily degraded former forest.
This genus is a quite ancient member of the true frog family, Ranidae.
The species epithet was chosen in honour of Bulgarian herpetologist Ivan Buresh.
It is currently restricted to a handful of remaining sites in Florida and Georgia, and has an especially tenuous presence in South Carolina.
It is sometimes even seen in gardens.
Scinax perpusillus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Where their ranges overlap, it hybridizes with P. jordani and P. teyahalee.
It is endemic to Costa Rica and found in the Cordillera de Tilarán, Cordillera Central, and Cordillera de Talamanca.
Philautus is a genus of shrub frogs in the family Rhacophoridae from Asia.
Mating takes place in burrows, since these frogs seldom venture out.
It is found in Malawi, Zambia, possibly Angola, possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo, possibly Mozambique, and possibly Tanzania.
Alexteroon hypsiphonus is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
The tadpoles fall into the water after hatching.
Alternatively, Uraeotyphlus is placed in the family Ichthyophiidae.
With a decreasing population, IUCN have classed it as Near Threatened.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by expanding agriculture and logging.
Triprion petasatus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Belize, Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico.
The more the land is being used by humans, the worse it gets for the Paghman stream salamander.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Hungarobatrachus is an extinct genus of advanced frog.
Anodonthyla nigrigularis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Mantella is a genus of frogs in the family Mantellidae, endemic to Madagascar.
It is endemic to the wet tropics of Australia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The Cordillera Talamanca Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is monotypic within the genus Myersiella.
The small western froglet is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
It is threatened by climate change pathogens and habitat loss.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The range of C. fudingensis is separate from both other species.
Aglyptodactylus laticeps is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It is found in Colombia, Venezuela, and possibly Brazil.
Reproduction takes place in permanent mountain streams.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Axolotls are unusual among amphibians in that they reach adulthood without undergoing metamorphosis.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, possibly Central African Republic, possibly Republic of the Congo, and possibly Sudan.
They are not poisonous and are quite large, especially the females.
Choerophryne tubercula is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
It is endemic to northeastern New Guinea and is found in both Western New Guinea and Papua New Guinea.
They are found in Central and South America.
It is only known from the vicinity of its type locality, in Puxiong, in Yuexi County, Sichuan Province.
Scinax exiguus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Ischnocnema ramagii is a species of frog in the Brachicephalidae family.
The salamander is among the 25 “most wanted lost” species that are the focus of Global Wildlife Conservation’s “Search for Lost Species” initiative.
It has been listed as one of the top 10 "focal species" in 2008 by the Evolutionarily Distinct and Globally Endangered project.
The tadpoles may remain out of water up to a few days.
The spot-tailed warty newt is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family only found in central China.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, arable land, pastureland, and rural gardens.
Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forests.
The southern banded newt is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found in Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Syria, and Turkey.
It is known from four localities in northern Vietnam where it occurs in and near ponds within dense bamboo vegetation.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, arable land, pastureland, rural gardens, and ponds.
Ixalotriton niger, the black jumping salamander, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Philautus pallidipes is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
It is endemic to northern Australia, south to Maryborough, Queensland.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Kassina mertensi is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
It is found in Angola and possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Its name means ‘nose-toad’, from rhino-, the combining form of the Ancient Greek rhis and phrunē.
Cyclorana platycephala is a frog common to most Australian states.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, tundra, temperate grassland, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, and freshwater springs.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
They vary in color from shades of yellow and orange.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The Arrabal's Suriname toad is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in Brazil, Guyana, Suriname, Venezuela, and possibly Peru.
The spring peeper is a small chorus frog widespread throughout the eastern United States and Canada.
This genus was named by J. W. Cosgriff and J. M. Zawiskie in 1979, and the type species is Pneumatostega potamia.
The four species in this genus were previously placed in the Hyla genus.
It is found in Papua New Guinea and possibly West Papua in Indonesia.
Gephyromantis silvanus, commonly known as the Forest Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The common name is the green-eyed bushfrog.
The female lays two egg sacs at a time, each containing up to 70 eggs.
O. absita for example is highly similar in habitus to the completely allopatric H. masonii.
Gracixalus quyeti is a species of Shrub frog from Vietnam.
The species does not occur above 2700 m, or below 600 m. The northernmost population is found on Olkhon Island in Russia's Lake Baikal.
Brachycephalus verrucosus is a species of frogs in the Brachycephalidae family.
Previously thought to be a subspecies of the marbled newt, it was raised to species level after genetic studies revealed its distinctiveness from the former.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
The limbs are large and well developed.
Some sources, however, treat Batrachophrynus as a genus separate from Telmatobius.
It is endemic to the humid forests of northwestern Madagascar.
Sphaenorhynchus is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae.
It is named after José Perez Pombal, Jr., a Brazilian herpetologist.
It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, swamps, freshwater marshes, and canals and ditches.
They are dully colored, usually a grey or dull green or brown.
Common name Bobiri reed frog has been coined for this species.
It is found in India and possibly Myanmar.
The common and specific name is of Native American origin, meaning “trail of the bear”.
Populations of this newt have been declining and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated it as "vulnerable".
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rocky areas.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The front legs, each with four toes, are so small that they can be hidden in the gills.
Due to the obvious differences with other species in Crinia this species is likely to be placed again into a separate genus.
The West Sepik tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Hypopachus is a genus of microhylid frogsfound in the Americas between Costa Rica and the southern United States.
Gastrotheca christiani is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
The species is known for its aggressive behaviour: it can attack and bite viciously.
It was previously considered to be the same species as Microhyla fissipes, therefore the aforementioned common names can refer to either species.
It is found in El Salvador and Guatemala.
Taudactylus is a genus of frogs in the family Myobatrachidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swamps, wallum swamps, freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Fossil Bombina specimens are known from the Pliocene to the Pleistocene; on fossils of Barbourula are known.
It is found in Brazil and possibly Argentina.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rocky areas.
It was endemic to Sri Lanka where it is extinct, though it might occur or have occurred in India too.
Despite the uncertainties surrounding its systematics, the taxonomy of P. pakenhami remains unchanged since this species was first described almost 70 years ago.
The Southern Zigzag Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Mantidactylus zolitschka is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Aplastodiscus musicus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
O. fischeri is found on the Korean peninsula, as well as in the Russian Far East and adjacent regions of China.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and possibly Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It may be threatened by commercial collection.
Its natural habitats are freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea and known from around the head of the Gulf of Papua in the Gulf and Chimbu Provinces.
The California toad lives throughout the State of California, with the exception of south-eastern desert regions.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Romer's tree frog is a species of frog endemic to Hong Kong.
Arthroleptis stenodactylus, the common squeaker, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
Gunther's banded tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Dunn's climbing salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is confirmed to exist in two locations in Côte d'Ivoire and one in Ghana, and it possibly occurs in Guinea and Liberia.
The specific name eusebiodiazi honors Eusebio Diaz, taxidermist at the Museum of Natural History, Lima, and the collector of the holotype.
The Albanian water frog is a species of true frog and is native to Albania and Montenegro.
It is endemic to Sichuan and Yunnan, China.
Polypedates leucomystax is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
Dendropsophus leali is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Paedophryne amauensis is a species of frogs from Papua New Guinea discovered in August 2009 and formally described in January 2012.
The Bernhard's mantella is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae.
Its natural habitats are swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, ponds, aquaculture ponds, open excavations, irrigated land, seasonally flooded agricultural land, canals, and ditches.
Atelognathus jeinimenensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
It is found in the Sierra Madre de Chiapas from Chiapas to southwestern Guatemala, with a single record from northwestern El Salvador.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
This is a short-legged salamander with protruding eyes and a tail that makes up 2/3 of its total length.
They are found in tropical southern Mexico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
They use their hands to shove food in their mouths and down their throats and a hyobranchial pump to draw or suck things in their mouth.
It is found in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and possibly Peru.
They are abundant throughout most of the world, occurring on all continents except Antarctica.
Scinax peixotoi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
There are no known threats to this species, and its location probably safe from human disturbance at this time.
Threats to this species are related to habitat loss.
It is found in Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Plectrohyla pentheter is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Gastrotheca dunni is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and intermittent rivers.
Hypsiboas tepuianus was until 2008 included in this taxon.
Babina chapaensis is associated with pools and small streams.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater springs, and irrigated land.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Tadpoles are oophagous, and female frogs lay trophic eggs to feed their young.
Rhacophorus owstoni or Owston's Green Tree Frog is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Japan.
Stuart's Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, found in Guatemala and Mexico.
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Phyllomedusa boliviana is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Pipa aspera, the Albina Surinam toad, is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in French Guiana, Suriname, and possibly Brazil.
Pelobates varaldii, the Moroccan spadefoot toad or Varaldi's spadefoot toad, is a species of frog in the Pelobatidae family.
It has been recorded from the Serra da Bocaina National Park.
Its common names include yellow treefrog, small-headed treefrog, and yellow cricket treefrog.
The Mimic Toadlet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
Atelopus spumarius is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Gephyromantis tschenki, commonly known as Tschenk's Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Dyscophus insularis is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea and known from scattered locations in the New Guinea Highlands.
Hyperolius nasutus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Xenorhina bouwensi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
In the Chile Darwin's frog, the tadpoles are transported to a water source and released for the duration of their development.
The Walker's marsupial frog is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
In 2007, it was re-discovered in the Monteverde Cloud Forest of Costa Rica, and a female was spotted in 2008.
It is differentiated from all Gegeneophis species, except G. danieli, in having many secondary annuli that begin on the anterior of the body.
This may be a species complex that could be split into different taxa as research indicates.
Rana pseudodalmatina is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
In Spanish, it is known as rana arborea meridional.
The white-spotted tree frog, Hypsiboas albopunctatus, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Bufo stomaticus is a species of toad found in Asia from Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan to Nepal extending into Peninsular India from the plains to about 1800m.
The Oita salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to Japan.
Barygenys is a genus of microhylid frogs.
Hyperolius zonatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Ramanella minor is a species of narrow-mouthed frog found in India.
The Efogi tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Physalaemus atlanticus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Mudur caecilian, Gegeneophis madhavai, is a species of caecilian found in India.
Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forests.
Pseudoeurycea orchileucos is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Many populations, particularly in the Sydney region, inhabit areas of infrequent disturbance, such as golf courses, disused industrial land, brick pits, and landfill areas.
They feed by suction, and eat many types of invertebrates.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and rivers.
It typically lives on forested hills, and from time to time mass deaths occur in Korea when salamanders encounter man-made drainage structures.
Spinomantis peraccae is a species of frog in the Mantellid subfamily Mantellinae, endemic to Madagascar.
Brasilotyphlus braziliensis is a species of amphibian in the Siphonopidae family.
Eurycea subfluvicola is a species of salamanders found in Arkansas.
It might be a composite of more than one species.
Austrochaperina adamantina is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Adult males have a total length of 83–136 mm and females of about 87–117 mm.
The Hole-in-the-head frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
The common names include Watjulum or Wotjulum frog, Watjulum Mission tree frog, and giant or large rocket frog.
Dendropsophus ebraccatus, commonly known as the hourglass treefrog or pantless treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
The appearance, behaviour, and habitat of each frog is usually linked.
Pseudophilautus variabilis, also known as the variable bush frog or variable bubble-nest frog, is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
It is a very common species, but drainage of its habitat and pollution are threats.
Oreophrynella dendronastes is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
The holotype for L. coplandi was collected at Inverway Station in the Northern Territory.
It is endemic to a very small area of the Northern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia where it is known from five stream systems.
The best-known species is the common coquí, which is both a national symbol of Puerto Rico and a notorious invasive species in Hawaii.
Physalaemus cicada is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
The population occurring in Indonesia may not be L. bicolor, and research on call structure or genetics is needed to confirm its taxonomic status.
It is endemic to the Ryūkyū Islands Japan, specifically Okinawa and perhaps neighboring islands.
As most other members of the genus Taudactylus, this species has declined drastically and is consequently considered critically endangered by the IUCN.
The Spotted Salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, that is endemic to Japan.
The species vary in size from under 25 mm to over 100 mm.
The Asiatic toad plays an important role in traditional Oriental medicine.
Microhyla sholigari is a species of microhylid frog endemic to the Western Ghats in southern India.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It generally sports the same features as Diplocaulus, though it was smaller, measuring over 46 cm.
As presently understood, Taruga comprises three named species: T. fastigo, T. eques and T. longinasus.
Its upper surfaces are silver-gray to beige in color with gray bands on the legs.
This species is perrenibranchiate, retaining its gills throughout life.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.
The species grows to about 20 cm long.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, and rural gardens.
Atelopus varius, also known as the clown frog, is a neo-tropical true toad from the family Bufonidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, pastureland, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Scinax karenanneae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It feeds primarily on invertebrates, using its sticky tongue to catch them.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Genyophryne thomsoni is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Atelopus famelicus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Colombia.
Osteocephalus cabrerai is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Chiasmocleis albopunctata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its body is violet-brown, with a yellow lateral stripe from the lips to the tip of the tail, slightly wider and unbroken at the neck.
Males can be heard calling during rainy weather.
Ophryophryne pachyproctus is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, temperate grassland, rivers, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The palmate newt is a species of newt found in most of Western Europe, including Great Britain.
Common name small-eyed choerophryne has been suggested for it.
Although they are the most diverse of the caecilian families, the caeciliids do have a number of features in common that distinguish them from other caecilians.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate shrubland, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, intermittent rivers, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, arable land, and pastureland.
Those of the genus Tomopterna are burrowing frogs native to Africa and exhibit most of the characteristics common to burrowing frogs around the world.
It becomes active at dusk and spends the night hunting for the invertebrates on which it feeds.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Males’ tails are much shorter and sometimes display a whitish sheen during breeding season.
They are excellent jumpers due to their long, slender legs.
It is endemic to southeastern Brazil where it occurs in eastern Paraná, eastern Santa Catarina, and northern Rio Grande do Sul.
It is black with yellow spots or stripes to a varying degree; some specimens can be nearly completely black while on others the yellow is dominant.
Scinax wandae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Maud Island frog, Leiopelma pakeka, is a primitive frog native to New Zealand, one of only four extant species belonging to the family Leiopelmatidae.
Its body color is gray to brownish without markings, and its limbs are relatively short.
Cardioglossa escalerae is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
This salamander is found in Lago de Pátzcuaro, a high altitude lake in the Mexican state of Michoacán.
The frog was discovered in Ranomafana National Park in Madagascar in 2003.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
They are found in the Middle East, and are bred in captivity for their bright colors.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, rivers, and pastureland.
The Scanty Frog or the Dainty Nursery Frog is a Microhylid frog found in a restricted area of rainforest in north-east Queensland.
Plethodontohyla angulifera is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is endemic to the mountains of central and western New Guinea.
Platypelis tsaratananaensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The basin tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela.
Also known as the Blanford's whipping frog, large treefrog, and Denny's whipping frog.
Atelopus farci, the forest stubfoot toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Jahn's tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, freshwater springs, inland karsts, and caves.
It has two subspecies, P. porosus porosus and P. porosus brevipodus.
Dendropsophus meridianus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Cane toads are particularly dangerous to dogs.
The genus comprises thirteen species, ten from eastern Australia, and three from Western Australia.
It is found in the Caribbean lowlands of Costa Rica and adjacent Nicaragua to about 520 m above sea level.
The acoustics, morphs, and behavior of the species have been extensively researched.
However, unfortunately even in these areas the population of green and golden bell has been rapidly declining in the past few decades.
Four clawless toes are on each foot.
Hyperolius maestus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
The tail is one of two distinctive anatomical features adapting the species to life in fast-flowing streams.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay.
The "tail" in the name is actually an extension of the male cloaca.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is endemic to Ningshan County in Shaanxi, China.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and rivers.
The Madang big-eyed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, endemic to Papua New Guinea.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
They occur in shades of greens or browns and can change colors over periods of hours and weeks.
Their removal from the large and confusing Leptodactylidae family is based on genetic distinction.
It is endemic to the Cordillera Central, Costa Rica.
Afrixalus crotalus is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Mtirala near Batumi and probably along the Black Sea coast.
It is a widespread species that is moderately common in parts of its range.
The rockhole frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Australia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
It is endemic to the eastern slopes of Andes in central and southern Peru and northern Bolivia.
The long-toed salamander is a mole salamander in the family Ambystomatidae.
The two genera are sister taxa, and form a clade along with Tersomius that is distinct from other amphibamids such as Amphibamus, Doleserpeton, and Eoscopus.
Ansonia inthanon is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is native to Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand, Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and heavily degraded former forests.
It is found in Australia, Papua New Guinea, and possibly West Papua in Indonesia.
It Is thought to be locally common in appropriate habitat.
The snout of Taruga is very much acute than that of Polypedates.
The average size of males is 3.5 to 6.2 cm, while females are from 3.7 to 7.3 cm.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by agricultural encroachment, extraction of wood, and human settlement.
Melanophryniscus xanthostomus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae, first found in the Atlantic Forest in Santa Catarina, Brazil.
About 120 individuals per hectare were counted in most suitable areas with >2000 individuals/ha also observed, suggesting that this rather cryptic species is quite abundant.
It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It has been found in association with rivers.
Gastrotheca ochoai is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
Leptodactylus mystaceus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
Scinax caldarum is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Phytotriades is a genus of tree frogs in the family Hylidae.
Known as the Bururi long-fingered frog, it was rediscovered in December 2011 after having not been seen since 1949.
The Continental Divide tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Panama and possibly Costa Rica.
The Blue-legged Mantella is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Both the scientific name and its common names, Kinangop river frog and Kinangop puddle frog, refer to its type locality, Mount Kinangop.
Litoria elkeae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The tips of the fingers and toes are slightly swollen.
It has been collected at elevations between 2,000 and 2,400 m above sea level.
It is found in Ecuador, Peru, and possibly Colombia.
Dendropsophus cerradensis is a species of frogs in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The southern is distinguished by a strong dark marking on its belly.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
Exerodonta chimalapa is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The southern leopard frog is a species of true frog.
Other distinguishing characteristics include a cartilaginous, less ossified skeleton and a shorter skull.
al has estimated the age of the Microhylidae family to be about 52 millions years old.
In September 2012, some of these species were also found in Lawachara National Park in the Sylhet region of northeastern Bangladesh.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
Anodonthyla emilei is a species of microhylid frog.
The Cascade Caverns salamander, or Cascade Caverns neotenic salamander is a species of aquatic salamander endemic to Cascade Caverns in Kendall County, Texas.
D. tinctorius "azureus" is also known by its Tirio Indian name, okopipi.
The common name of "parsley frogs" comes from the common parsley frog which, because of its colouring, looks garnished with parsley.
The gregarious slender salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Numerous studies and research regarding ontogeny in non extant taxa have been oriented around this taxon.
All species have visible tympanums, maxillary and vomerine teeth, powerful legs, and webbed feet.
Other common names include: crocodile newt, crocodile salamander, Himalayan salamander, red knobby newt.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate shrubland, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, shrub-dominated wetlands, swamps, intermittent freshwater lakes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Pseudoeurycea robertsi is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Hypsiboas latistriatus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Trachycephalus lepidus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
Physalaemus moreirae is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The southern cricket frog or southeastern cricket frog is a small hylid frog native to the Southeastern United States.
Boulengerula taitana is a species of caecilian from Africa.
It is endemic to Serra da Bocaina National Park and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
In 2010, this species was observed for the first time since 1967.
The reasons for this decline are unclear, although habitat loss is occurring throughout its range.
The southern highland tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico.
It is found in Colombia, Peru, and possibly Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and swamps.
Polypedates leucomystax is a species in the shrub frog family Rhacophoridae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rocky areas.
It is probably impacted by habitat loss.
It is the largest tropical salamander; the holotype had total length of about 24 cm and weighed 58 grams.
The other parts of the toads' skins are green or dark brown.
Although it is collected for pet trade, no significant threats to this species are unknown.
It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
The Cukra Climbing Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its body had 40 vertebrae, twice the usual amount, and a flattened skull about 18 centimetres long.
Hylophorbus nigrinus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
They catch these insects with their tongue.Breeding:
The Carpathian newt, or Montadon's newt, is a species of salamander in the family Salamandridae found in Czech Republic, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, and Ukraine.
They can store large amounts of water in their bladder, and form a "cocoon" around themselves to reduce loss of water.
Arthroleptis tuberosus is a species of frog in the family Arthroleptidae.
Scinax littoreus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is one of only four amphibian species recognized by the UK government as protected under its Biodiversity Action Plan.
Their total length is 125–148 mm, males being larger than females.
The newly described frog species was listed in the Top 10 New Species 2013 by the International Institute for Species Exploration for discoveries made during 2012.
The species is named after its type locality, Guaramacal in the Trujillo.
It is endemic to Southwest Australia, occurring between Dunsborough and Albany.
The Tapping Nursery-frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, and heavily degraded former forest.
All species in the genus are threatened.
Caeciliidae is the family of common caecilians.
Pseudis cardosoi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
It is highly polychromatic, and has an extremely isolated phylogenetic position, showing no clear relationships to any other members of the Anodonthyla genus.
It is reported from the Orang National Park in India.
It is sometimes known as the Zimbabwe banana frog or snoring spiny reed frog.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, swamps, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
The two living species have elongated, eel-like bodies, with two small vestigial fore legs.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, plantations, rural gardens, urban areas, heavily degraded former forests, and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
Brame's Climbing Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to the Tagula Island of Papua New Guinea.
Scinax luizotavioi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Litoria auae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Siberian salamander, Salamandrella keyserlingii, is a species of salamander found in Northeast Asia.
In nature, they inhabit streams and small rivers, and the surrounding forests or shrublands.
Unlike other caecilians, they have only primary annuli; these are grooves running incompletely around the body, giving the animal a segmented appearance.
It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama.
Nasikabatrachus sahyadrensis is a frog species belonging to the family Sooglossidae.
Dwarf sirens possess external gills throughout adulthood and lack hind legs.
Guibemantis punctatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rural gardens, urban areas, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is known from a single locality, Ptari-tepui.
It is found along the coastal areas of eastern South Africa and possibly Mozambique.
Leptodactylus rugosus is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Exerodonta melanomma is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
All species are lungless with moderately developed parotoid glands.
Osteopilus is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.
It can be threatened by habitat loss.
Oreophryne anthonyi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Most hyperoliids are arboreal, but some are terrestrial, including several Kassina species that move by walking or running rather than hopping.
The Imienpo Station frog, Glandirana emeljanovi, is a species of frog found in Northeast Asia.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Scaphiophryne verrucosa is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family, endemic to Madagascar.
Oreophryne hypsiops is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Mundo Novo tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Hoplophryne rogersi, the Tanzania banana frog, Usambara banana frog or Usambara blue-bellied frog, is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Atelopus muisca is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Odontophrynus occidentalis is a species of frog in the family Odontophrynidae.
Platypelis cowanii is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela, and possibly Peru.
Plethodontohyla mihanika is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Atelopus erythropus, the Carabaya stubfoot toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Peru.
They are good swimmers but may also walk and run over land; the toe fringes they have allow for both activities.
Van Dyke's salamander is a small woodland salamander in the family Plethodontidae, the lungless salamanders.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
were insufficient and unconvincing, especially when type material of both R. prominanus and R. tunkui were not even examined."
Cycloramphus acangatan is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.
Female spot-tailed warty newts reach a total length of 155 mm, males are slightly shorter.
Adenomera bokermanni is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae, the southern frogs.
It is threatened by habitat loss for logging, cattle pasture and agriculture such as sugar cane, coffee, and exotic trees.
These differences included; a slightly sturdier body, smoother skin on the ventral surface and the greatest difference, the reproductive nature, laying the eggs outside of water.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
The bird-voiced tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to the United States.
It was found in Papua New Guinea in the Southern Highlands Province.
Eleven species previously placed in the Hyla genus were moved to this genus.
Chimerella mariaelenae is a species of glassfrog that inhabits on the Andean slopes of eastern Ecuador and northeastern Peru.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, possibly Rwanda, and possibly Uganda.
The Sign-bearing Froglet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
This has led to variants in the common names and the specific epithet, repeating the spelling of Tyler's publication as Hyla wotjulumensis.
There has been one occurrence in New Zealand, when tadpoles of the species were found in 1999 and destroyed.
These are small squat frogs, more commonly known as "toadlets".
It was found in shrubs in closed-canopy rainforest, and the species is presumed to breed by direct development.
It is named after Hermann Schlegel, a 19th century German zoologist.
They are generally dark brownish or blackish and have a snout–to-vent length between 3 and 5 cm.
The supposed species Rana nigrolineata was recently determined to be a junior synonym of "P." lateralis.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by agricultural development and fires.
Hatching occurs after the burrows are flooded with water, and may be delayed until this happens.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Using DNA sequencing, the study indicated the group more likely originated much later during the Cretaceous period, around 77 mya.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, moist savanna, intermittent rivers, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, and ponds.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
The Roque tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
It is at least locally common, and it appears to tolerate some habitat modification.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and intermittent rivers.
Although not closely related, it would have superficially resembled the present day African clawed toad Xenopus.
Pseudoeurycea saltator is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Sexual maturity is approximately one to two years for males and two to three years for females.
They are also found in Asia, and eastward to Japan.
The Webster's Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It occurs in the USA throughout Montana, northwestern Wisconsin, northeastern Arizona, northern New Mexico, and southwestern Utah.
The toad was formerly considered part of the Atelopus spumarius.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zambia, and possibly Angola.
It is found only in China, with a range extending from Chongqing to Hunan, Anhui, Zhejiang, Fujian, Guangdong, and Guangxi Provinces in Central China.
Litoria exophthalmia is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate grassland, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater springs, and pastureland.
Hynobius is a genus of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Japan, Korea, China and Far East Russia.
These frogs are exclusively aquatic and have numerous morphological modifications befitting their habitat.
Stefania riveroi is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.
Aphantophryne is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea.
The creature was probably killed by a tree crushing the back of its head.
Tuditanomorpha is a suborder of microsaur lepospondyls.
Greererpeton had an elongated body adapted for swimming, reaching up to 1.5 metres in length, including the tail.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
Andinobates frogs can be distinguished from their sister taxon Ranitomeya anatomically in that their 2nd and 3rd vertebrae are fused.
It is found in Cameroon, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria, possibly Benin, possibly Central African Republic, possibly Chad, and possibly Togo.
They are more aquatic than other members of the family, and are generally associated with permanent bodies of water with surface vegetation.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, swamps, intermittent freshwater lakes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, moist savanna, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its range probably extends into northwestern Ghana.
Cardioglossa alsco is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
The frog was originally discovered by Dr. William F. Pyburn and J. K. Salser Jr. an amateur biologist.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture and logging but the species is occurs in three protected areas including Serra da Bocaina.
The mature salamander has medium-sized external gills with bright red filaments, and a prominent caudal fin.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is known only from a few specimens so it is not well known.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
The common coquí is a very important aspect of Puerto Rican culture, and it has become an unofficial territorial symbol of Puerto Rico.
Philautus mjobergi is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Apennine yellow-bellied toad is a species of toad in the Bombinatoridae family endemic to Italy.
Tuditanids have also developed an astragalus in the ankle from the fusion of several other bones.
Leptodactylus rhodonotus is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
However, genetic methods have revealed cryptic species within the Liua–Pseudohynobius complex, and the actual distribution of the yellow-spotted salamander is turning out to be different.
It is found in Angola, Namibia, and South Africa.
The Nankiang horned toad is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and possibly Bolivia.
It is found in Papua New Guinea and possibly West Papua in Indonesia.
It is monotypic within the genus Pherohapsis.
It is not dependent on water and is presumed to reproduce through direct development.
It is endemic to the islands of Amami Ōshima and Kakeromajima in the Ryukyu Islands, Japan.
Tlalocohyla is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family.
Leptodactylus sabanensis is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
The frog is a nocturnal animal and spends most of its life in water.
A member of the family Salamandridae, it is closely related to the spotless paddle-tail newt.
Stefania coxi is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
The armoured frog is a species of tree frog in the torrent frog complex, a group restricted to north-eastern Queensland, Australia.
The big levels salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Rhacophorus achantharrhena is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Indonesia.
The species is known for surviving deep freezes.
It is found in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and Solomon Islands.
Cophixalus tagulensis is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Eleutherodactylus pallidus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.
The frog is also called the pobblebonk after its distinctive "bonk" call, which is likened to a banjo string being plucked.
It has been collected from cloud forest at elevations of about 2,817–2,845 m above sea level.
Amolops himalayanus is a species of frog found in northeastern India and Nepal.
The true frogs, family Ranidae, have the widest distribution of any frog family.
The reason for this decline is unclear, but likely linked to the disease Chytridiomycosis.
Currently its IUCN Red List classification is DD, Data Deficient.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
It is a terrestrial and fossorial frog that occurs in rainforest, including littoral forest.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
The northern leopard frog is a species of leopard frog from the true frog family, native to parts of Canada and United States.
Many other genera were formerly included here.
The Trauna River tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Male frogs measure 53 mm and females frogs 65 mm in snout–vent length.
The Mississippi slimy salamander is generally black in color with white, silver, or bronze spots on its back.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, intermittent rivers, and swamps.
It was formerly considered a separate genus, but reclassified following a major revision by Frost et al.
The frogs are native to Neotropical America.
Characteristics of Balanerpeton woodi include the presence of large external nares, large interpterygoid vacuities, and an ear with a tympanic membrane and rod-like stapes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It occurs from south-east Queensland to just south of the Newcastle region in New South Wales.
It has not been seen since 1933 and is considered to be extinct due to habitat loss.
The alpine stream salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to China.
They have large gills and no hind legs.
Ophryophryne microstoma is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
It tolerates considerable habitat modification and has been found in agave plantations and scrubby open country.
Both species were associated with creek systems in rainforests at elevations of between 350 and 1,400 metres.
Boophis blommersae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
In 2011 Twomey, Brown, and their colleagues erected the genus Andinobates for a group of 12 species of Ranitomeya.
Its distribution ranges from the Southeastern Balkan peninsula to Western Anatolia.
The species is protected by law in the European Union.
Leptodactylus furnarius is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Hylomantis lemur is a species of frog in the Hylidae family that is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, and Panama.
The mink frog is a small species of frog native to the United States and Canada.
Hyperolius leleupi is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Mantidactylus betsileanus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It is only known from its type locality near Mosso in Rutana Province, at an elevation of 1,200 m.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and possibly Uruguay.
It is found in Brazil, Ecuador, Peru, and possibly Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Lechriodus platyceps, the Arfak cannibal frog, is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
They vary from 7 to 30 cm in length.
Its common name is Weidholz's banana frog or Weidholz's leaf-folding frog.
Other closely related species include the European green toad, Pseudepidale viridis.
Heterixalus boettgeri is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to Madagascar.
Not much is known about the species that has not been observed after it was described more than 100 years ago.
It is endemic to Brazil, where it occurs along parts of the eastern coast.
The species is threatened by habitat loss.
The giant banjo frog, giant bullfrog, or great bullfrog is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
Hyperoliids range from 1.5 to 8 cm in body length.
Metacrinia nichollsi is a species of Australian frog, commonly named as the Forest Toadlet.
It was unknown to science until 1950, when it was collected by herpetologist W. T. Neill.
Plethodontohyla inguinalis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Burundi screeching frog is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
Cycloramphus bandeirensis is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The southern red-backed salamander is a species of salamander native to the United States.
The distinguishing feature of Aphantophryne when compared to other genyophrynine genera is the number of presacral vertebrae: Aphantophryne has seven while the other genera have eight.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
It is found in Gansu, Sichuan, and Yunnan Provinces of China.
It can be identified by its light middorsal stripe, prominent cranial crests, and elongate parotoid glands.
Copiula tyleri is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The species is endemic to Southeast Asia.
Dendropsophus berthalutzae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Boophis elenae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Like the African clawed toad, they probably lived on small crustaceans, insect larvae and small fish and themselves provided sustenance for many other animals.
Distances moved into terrestrial habitat are unknown, but probably are greater than 150 metres.
However, frogs sometimes give startle calls when threatened by a predator.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The Comal blind salamander or Honey Creek Cave blind salamander is a small species of aquatic, lungless salamander native to the United States.
It is endemic to springs in the Blanco River watershed in central Texas, United States.
They are opportunistic hunters and will eat anything they can subdue.
It has a red dorsum and is similar morphologically to A. bassleri, A. cainarachi and A. yoshina; but can be distinguished by its advertisement call.
The Government of Mexico classifies it as Pr, meaning Special Protection.
It is found in Malaysia and possibly Brunei.
Hyla graceae is a species of tree frog from Panama.
Dendropsophus sanborni is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Reproductive habits are unknown, but it presumably breeds in water like other species of the genus.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, swamps, intermittent freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, pastureland, and aquaculture ponds.
It is also unusual in that it is polyploid, with 12 sets of chromosomes.
Its natural habitats are swamps and urban areas.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Exerodonta abdivita is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, and heavily degraded former forests.
Litoria havina is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Leptobrachium montanum is a species of amphibian from the family Megophryidae.
Synapturanus salseri are shy and spend almost all of their time in burrows beneath the forest floor.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its status is insufficiently known as it is only known from the type specimen collected from an unspecific location.
It lays its eggs on leaves above pools, and the tadpoles drop into the water when they emerge.
Plethodontohyla brevipes is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
While the known range is very small, it was reasonably common there.
It was originally proposed as a subgenus of Rana.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock grazing and expanding human settlement.
The word Xenopus means "strange foot" and laevis means "smooth".
The Wissel Lakes tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
It is critically endangered by habitat loss.
The Blue Ridge two-lined salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the United States.
It is found in the upper Amazon Basin in southern Colombia, Ecuador, and northeastern Peru at elevations of 70–250 m above sea level.
It is endemic to the Western Ranges of the Colombian Andes where it is known from the area of its type locality, Páramo Frontino.
The Oriental fire-bellied toad is a small semiaquatic frog species found in Korea, northeastern China, and adjacent parts of Russia.
Brachycephalus boticario is a species of frogs in the Brachycephalidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and swamps.
It is found in Xinjiang, China and Tajikistan, and possibly in Afghanistan.
Currently, 74 species have been identified in the Northern Hemisphere - Europe, Asia, the northern tip of Africa, and North America.
Stereocyclops parkeri is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
The Tehachapi slender salamander is a plethodontid salamander, and one of the larger members of genus Batrachoseps.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Kassina cochranae, sometimes known as the Cochran's running frog, is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Their life expectancy is at least 10 years.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
This family includes two genera, Barbourula and Bombina, both of which have flattened bodies.
The large red eyes not only allow identification, but also serve as a defensive adaptation through deimatic behaviour.
The skin is smooth and lacking dermal spines.
It is found in Belize, Guatemala, and Honduras.
Craugastor myllomyllon is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
The Derby Toadlet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
They breed in tree holes and bamboo stumps.
Guibemantis pulcher is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It is found in Argentina and Chile.
The spotted salamander is the state amphibian of Ohio and South Carolina.
Cryptothylax greshoffii is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family.
Common names include red-legged running frog, brown-spotted tree frog, red-legged Kassina, red-legged pan frog, spotted running frog, tiger leg running frog, and vlei frog.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
Kassina arboricola, sometimes known as the Ivory Coast running frog, is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Sphaenorhynchus orophilus, or Lutz's lime treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It belongs to the leaf frog subfamily, and is found in Belize, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico.
It is found in Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela.
They are cousins of the aquatic frogs and live most of the time in the water.
The long-headed caecilian, Ichthyophis longicephalus, is a species of caecilian in the family Ichthyophiidae.
Its habitat includes natural forests, dry tropical or subtropical.
The two species are distinguished from others by their rough and uneven skin.
Heterixalus tricolor is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to Madagascar.
The eyes are distinct and surrounded by a light ring.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
In 2014, it is classed as Endangered.
Its common names are Blunt-headed Burrowing Frog and Balloon Frog, among others.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Notaden is a genus of burrowing ground frogs native to central and northern Australia.
It is found in Tanzania, possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo, possibly Malawi, and possibly Zambia.
It is the smallest frog species in Australia.
Some sources refer to it as the four-fingered manculus, dwarf four-toed salamander, or the Florida dwarf salamander.
Choerophryne exclamitans is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Vietnamese crocodile newt is a small newt, with total length 12 cm.
It is known in Colorado as the only alpine species of toad.
The Daruma pond frog is a species of frog in the family Ranidae.
Its body is brownish above and cream-colored below, and the back surface of the thighs are black.
The Cape river frog is a species of frog in the family Pyxicephalidae named for the Cape of Good Hope.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Phyllomedusine tree frogs are arboreal, meaning they spend a majority of their lives in trees; they are excellent jumpers.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
During the day, they remain motionless, cover their blue sides with their back legs, tuck their bright feet under their bellies, and shut their red eyes.
Tuditanidae is an extinct family of tuditanomorph microsaurs.
The northern zigzag salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
The habitat remains vulnerable to threat of fire.
The volcano clawed frog is a species of frog in the Pipidae family endemic to Cameroon.
Blommersia blommersae is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae.
It is endemic to the Serra do Mar in São Paulo, Brazil.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea and only known from the Tagula Island in the Louisiade Archipelago, east of New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Kassina maculata is a frog species of the Hyperoliidae family.
Males and females range from about 2 to 3 in in length, with the females usually about 25% larger than males.
After several months of growth and development, these sprout limbs and undergo metamorphosis into tiny toads.
Boophis andohahela is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Phyllomedusa rohdei is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is known only from two specimens collected on Mahé in 1910 and more collected recently from Silhouette.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and possibly Paraguay.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rivers.
It was named for marine biologist Heinz Steinitz.
The Herpelidae are the family of common caecilians.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, and intermittent rivers.
Their call is high pitched and follows a "creeeek... crik" pattern.
Gastrotheca argenteovirens is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and possibly Uruguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The Coban climbing salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to the highlands of central and west-central Oaxaca, Mexico.
Larvae develop two to four months in the water before reaching metamorphosis.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The lowland burrowing tree frog or northern casquehead frog, Smilisca fodiens, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Tapantí Giant Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Pelophryne linanitensis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is found in southern and southeastern Mexico and southwestern Guatemala.
The tympanum of the ear is two-thirds the diameter of the eye.
Pseudoeurycea melanomolga is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The Hyperoliinae are a subfamily to Hyperolidae, with species located in Africa, the Sahara, and Madagascar.
The Luzon Narrow-mouthed Frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Batrachophrynus resembles Telmatobius, and based on genetic evidence, the former should be merged into the latter.
The present genus is closely related to Polypedates, which in former times was often included in Rhacophorus.
It is found in northeastern India and adjacent Tibet, China, possibly wider.
This species is only known from its type locality.
The common parsley frog is a very small and slender frog with long hindlegs, flat head and vertical pupils.
It is threatened by habitat loss and may have already disappeared outside the Ngezi Forest Reserve.
Eleutherodactylus atkinsi is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Cuba.
Fejervarya altilabris is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forests.
Darwin's frogs are small, reaching a size of only 3 cm in length.
It is found in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Pseudoeurycea is a genus of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Hyperolius cystocandicans is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Scinax alter, the Crubixa snouted treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
It has a worm-like body, a large head and large limbs, and an elongate cylindrical tail of less than 1.5 times its body length.
Pseudoeurycea amuzga is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
They lack vocal sacs but all species are known to call.
Hylomantis aspera is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Microhyla karunaratnei is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Hyperolius punctulatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, swamps, intermittent freshwater lakes, and freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and torrential rivers.
The Red Hills salamander is a fairly large, terrestrial salamander growing to about 255 millimetres.
It might be a species complex, with the "true" R. laevipes restricted to northern Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats were subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is known from only the holotype specimen, which was found in the Dolese Brothers Limestone Quarry in Oklahoma.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The main threats to its habitat are extensive wildfires and extensive logging.
Odontophrynus cordobae is a species of frog in the family Odontophrynidae.
Its natural habitats are rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
Amolops medogensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to China.
Scinax altae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Plectrohyla psiloderma is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is endemic to India, and has been recorded in the Garo Hills of Assam and Meghalaya, and in Dzulake in Nagaland.
It is classed as a near-threatened species because of the restricted area of the summits where it lives.
Helena's tree frog, Hyla helenae, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Guyana.
In size the species is small, with snout-to-vent body length around 15–19 mm; females are slightly larger on average than males.
Some sources also refer to the species as the Mexican spadefoot toad, desert spadefoot toad or southern spadefoot toad.
It is in fact a species complex containing various cryptic species within it.
The elegant frog or beautiful nursery-frog is a critically endangered species of amphibian.
Young toads may be seen in large numbers after the monsoons.
The Levant water frog, formerly belonging to the genus Rana, is a southern European species of frog.
Adult Brazilian gold frogs measure to only 9.6–9.8 mm in body length.
Clutches contain about 30-50 eggs and the larvae take 2-3 mo to develop.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The Ecuador slender-legged tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Their bodies are bluish-brown in color, with a purple stripe along the back.
Cardioglossa schioetzi is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
The Indonesian big-eyed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Arthroleptis spinalis, the Tanganyika screeching frog, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
It is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
Hyperolius ademetzi is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Males of this species have characteristic small spines during the breeding season.
Boophis luteus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Along with R. malabaricus, it is one of the few anuran amphibians in India that constructs its nest above the ground using leaves.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
They are notorious for their ability to project their tongue at prey items, as indicated from their name.
Highly fossorial, adults are often found in subterranean refuges.
It is quite likely that it will be also be found in adjacent areas of China and possibly Laos.
It is endemic to the United States.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate grassland, and rivers.
It was published by Smith in 1951.
The Kobayashi's horned frog is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
Calling behavior of the species was used to create an algorithm for optimizing Wi-Fi networks.
Hypsiboas ericae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Habitat loss and degradation caused by small- and large-scale agriculture and logging are threats to this species.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Mantidactylus mocquardi is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
It is endemic to the island of Yapen, off the north-western coast of New Guinea and belonging to the Papua Province, Indonesia.
Liophryne allisoni is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Jefferson salamander is a mole salamander native to the northeastern United States, southern and central Ontario, and southwestern Quebec.
It is endemic to southern Brazil and is known from the eastern Paraná, Santa Catarina, and northeastern Rio Grande do Sul states.
It is one to two inches long, with a slender body and external gills, and is a reddish-brown in color.
Its natural habitats are swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
It is monotypic within the genus Kassinula.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
Its range appears to be expanding to the winter rainfall area of the Western Cape.
It is endemic to the southeastern United States where its natural habitats are inland karsts, caves and subterranean habitats.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is found in Venezuela and possibly Guyana.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is named after Harold Hamilton, its discoverer.
Albericus swanhildae is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Neuse River waterdog, Necturus lewisi, is a medium-sized newt, family Proteidae, found in two rivers of North Carolina.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
Paramesotriton, or warty newts, is a genus of salamanders in the Salamandridae family.
It is found in Costa Rica, Honduras, and Nicaragua.
Pelophylax nigromaculatus, is a species of true frog found in East Asia, first described in 1861.
The striking bright orange juvenile stage, which is land-dwelling, is known as a red eft.
It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
The fire belly newts or fire newts are a genus of newts native to Japan and China.
Oxydactyla crassa is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
There are no known threats to this species.
This species is only known from one locality on Mount Hunstein, Papua New Guinea, at 1,000m asl.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, ponds, and canals and ditches.
Philautus ingeri is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
It is found in Guatemala and possibly Mexico.
The Doi Suthep caecilian, Ichthyophis youngorum, is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family.
The skin is smooth overall, but with one groove running along the center of the back.
Its natural habitats are freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The Mediterranean tree frog or stripeless tree frog is a species of frog found in Europe.
The specific name is the Latin adjective guttata that means "spotted" and refers to the dorsal colour pattern of this species.
Pseudoeurycea mixteca is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It does not face major threats although it probably cannot tolerate complete opening of its habitat.
Scinax proboscideus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Their ranges are largely contiguous but where they do overlap, hybridisation may take place.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
The montane brown frog or Nikkō frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
It is found on the island of Borneo.
The Upper Laos caecilian, Ichthyophis laosensis, is a species of amphibian in the family Ichthyophiidae.
It is also known as the long-tailed clawed salamander.
The Charazani tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Bolivia and possibly Peru.
It is endemic to northwestern Peru and only known from its type locality in Huamba, near Ayabaca, Piura Region.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is endemic to Brazil and only known from its type locality, Pico Marumbi, in the Serra do Mar in Morretes, Paraná state.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
The Tasmanian tree frog, is a species of tree frog that is found on the west coast of Tasmania, Australia.
The Shadowy Web-footed Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Two species of marbled newts and seven species of crested newts are accepted, of which the Anatolian crested newt was only described in 2016.
They are the sister group to Dermophiidae, also of South America.
Many of the true frogs are aquatic or live close to water.
It was discovered by Dr. Juan A. Rivero.
It inhabits low-altitude hill forests and the associated streams.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.
It might occur more broadly, and presumably occurs in Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Niger, Nigeria, and Mauritania.
Isthmura gigantea is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock grazing and expanding human settlements.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
However, many well-preserved populations have been recorded.
Common name warty rainforest ground frog has been coined for it.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The marbled salamander is a species of mole salamander found in the eastern United States.
Austrochaperina basipalmata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are pools and small lakes, and during hibernation, terrestrial habitats, including forest and lightly degraded areas.
Boophis rufioculis is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Very little is known about this species save that it is taxonomically distinct from "true frogs" from the family Ranidae.
Scaphiophryne obscura is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family, endemic to Madagascar.
The Williamson's marsupial frog is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.
Oreophryne asplenicola is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
I. malabarensis – southern Western Ghats, known with certainty only from the type locality
Hyperolius soror is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Eleutherodactylus verrucipes is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.
Mating season comes in early spring, often after heavy rainfalls.
Spinomantis massi is a species of frog in the mantellid subfamily Mantellinae.
The informally assigned common name for frogs in this genus is torrent frog.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is a federally listed endangered species.
Plectrohyla lacertosa is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Ecnomiohyla salvaje is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Brown Cave Salamander, Gene's Cave Salamander, Sardinian Cave Salamander, or simply Sardinian Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Confirmed sightings of breeding pairs have confirmed their survival in Victoria's cooler climate.
They are small to medium-sized frogs that live in water saturated sites, such as sphagnum bogs and seepages on rocky slopes.
Except for N. sahyadrensis, they lay their eggs on moist ground, rather than in water.
Its name is derived from the Latin verrucosus, "warty" or "rugged", alluding to the frogs highly rugose dorsum.
The arroyo toad is a species of true toad in the Anaxyrus genus, endemic to California and Baja California state.
The subfamily has since undergone extensive revision, and most genera have been placed elsewhere.
Its common name is Morere's banana frog.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The torrent salamanders are limited to the western USA, namely the states California, Oregon, and Washington.
They are onomatopoeically named for the very loud mating call which the males of two species, the common coquí and the mountain coquí, make at night.
It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
Graham's frog or diskless-fingered odorous frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
The genus is also known for its polyploidy, with some species having up to 12 sets of chromosomes.
The Helena's marsupial frog is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.
It has not been seen again since 1998 despite several surveys and it was first collected on the forest floor of primary forest.
This genus and the closely related Acanthostega and Ichthyostega represent the earliest tetrapods.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and canals and ditches.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Like other pipids, these frogs are almost exclusively aquatic.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Although protected under Chinese law and CITES Appendix I, it is estimated that the wild population has declined by more than 80% since the 1950s.
Phasmahyla spectabilis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
When they breed, the female frog lays 200 – 1000 eggs.
Hyperolius parallelus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Cophixalus ornatus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Jerdon's Narrow-mouthed Frog is a species of Microhylid frog found in the Western Ghats of India.
It is only known from its type locality near Chakrata.
Scinax atratus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The specific name parvula is from the Latin adjective meaning small, in reference to the small size of this frog.
Pneumatostega is an extinct genus of rhytidosteid temnospondyl from the early Triassic period of Cape Province of South Africa.
The northern spectacled salamander is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found only in Italy.
The three-lined salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, human settlement, tourism and fires.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The frog's back is dotted with elongated warts, often in undulating longitudinal rows that can be orange along the flanks.
It is found in eastern Panama and northwestern Colombia to the Magdalena River Valley.
Oedipina pseudouniformis is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is native to western New South Wales, and south western Queensland.
Plectrohyla guatemalensis, also known as the Guatemala spikethumb frog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Sphaerotheca swani is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Nepal.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Hyla zhaopingensis is a species of frogs in the family Hylidae endemic to China.
Eleutherodactylus dilatus is a species of frog in the family Eleutherodactylidae.
Other species however, that exhibit cryptic coloration and low to no amounts of toxicity, eat a much larger variety of prey.
Boophis vittatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Scinax trapicheiroi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The spotted grass frog or spotted marsh frog is a terrestrial frog native to Australia.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater springs and wet rocks in mountainous areas of the Southeastern United States.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
This species was described to science in 1998.
The marbled newt is a mainly terrestrial newt native to Europe.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Boophis laurenti is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Hyperolius fuscigula is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Rhombophryne laevipes is a frog of the Microhylidae family.
Hyperolius bopeleti is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, and rocky areas.
Hyloscirtus estevesi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Venezuela.
It is found from central Kansas, Oklahoma, and northeastern New Mexico to the Gulf of Mexico and Rio Grande valley in Texas and Tamaulipas.
Physalaemus evangelistai is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Tadpoles are pond type larvae with large dorsal fins on their tails.
It was discovered by quarry miners in a brick pit in St. Peters in Sydney, New South Wales.
The maximum size of the male is yet unknown, but sizes differ from 45 mm to 68 mm.
Pelophylax hubeiensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
The Blanco River Springs Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to eastern Madagascar and only known from the area of its type locality near Fierenana.
The Karpathos frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
Although restricted in range within peninsular India, they are of least conservation concern.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Aphantophryne sabini is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Tellico salamander is a small woodland salamander resembling P. glutinosus found in mountainous and lowland regions of southeastern Tennessee and extreme southwestern North Carolina.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, rivers, intermittent rivers, rocky areas, and caves.
Plectrohyla chryses is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical, moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical, moist montane forests.
They are found in Cameroon in West Africa, and Malawi and Tanzania in East Africa.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its common names are claw-toothed salamander, clawtooth false brook salamander, and clawtoed false brook salamander.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Patzcuaro salamanders have been hybridized with axolotls, and used in mitochondrial studies for comparison.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, heavily degraded former forest, ponds, and aquaculture ponds.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Cycloramphus izecksohni is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.
It is endemic to Serra do Mar, Brazil.
The Glandular Toadlet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
The axolotl also known as a Mexican salamander or a Mexican walking fish, is a neotenic salamander, closely related to the tiger salamander.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Boophis albipunctatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Other species of this genus can be found in the rest of the Caribbean and elsewhere in the Neotropics, in Central and South America.
A few species have very reduced lungs, or no lungs at all.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
Copiula derongo is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, intermittent rivers, and rocky areas.
The Berry Cave salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians of eastern Tennessee in the United States.
The common name "waterfall frog" is indicative of its habitat of moist, rocky streams, and is often found along waterfalls within its range.
Its natural habitats are swamps and hot deserts.
It is found in the area between northeastern Tanzania, Malawi, and central Mozambique.
The yellowbelly voiceless tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Mexico.
It occurs in West and Middle Africa.
Adenomera hylaedactyla is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Scinax machadoi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The rough frog is a burrowing frog native to New South Wales and Queensland, Australia.
It is a semi-arboreal species commonly found under logs.
In addition, the family Ascaphidae is found in the Pacific Northwest and northern rocky mountains of the United States, and is only represented by two species.
Its natural habitats are high-altitude montane forests.
Atelopus onorei is a small species of bright yellow and green toad in the family Bufonidae.
Oedipina grandis is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The pool frog is a European frog.
Kassina cassinoides, also known as large running frog or silver running frog, is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Platypelis mavomavo is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The threats are habitat loss and the disease chytridiomycosis.
Neoteny may occur in some individuals, but neotenic populations are not known.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Duttaphrynus, named after Dr. Sushil Kumar Dutta is a genus of true toads.
Duttaphrynus melanostictus is commonly called Asian common toad, Asian black-spined toad, Asian toad, black-spectacled toad, common Sunda toad and Javanese toad.
It was previously considered to be a subspecies of the Caucasian toad.
The Ouachita dusky salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Petropedetes palmipes is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family found in Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, and Gabon.
Dendropsophus rossalleni is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
This species lives near rivers in rainforest habitat.
As of mid-2017, it is listed as extinct by the IUCN, but was rediscovered in 2016 after more than two decade with no sightings.
The most striking feature of this frog is the tadpoles' development inside the vocal sac of the male.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical, high-altitude grassland, shrub-dominated wetlands, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, urban areas, and heavily degraded former forests.
Scinax fuscovarius is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Cardioglossa gracilis is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
The species is not under any threat of extinction.
Aparasphenodon is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, freshwater marshes, pastureland, and ponds.
Callulops comptus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Leptobrachium gunungense is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate shrubland, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and urban areas.
Their eggs hatch into adult caecilians, with no larval stage in between.
The Asiatic toad or Chusan Island toad is a species of toad endemic to East Asia.
Jerdon's tree frog is a species of tree frog found in southwestern and central China, northeast India, northern Myanmar, extreme northern Thailand, and Viet Nam.
Barygenys apodasta and Barygenys resima were mixed with this species prior to their described in 2013.
Cratia is an extinct frog which existed in Brazil during the lower Cretaceous period.
This is sometimes treated as an independent family Petropedetidae, in which case the genus Phrynobatrachus is occasionally placed in a distinct family Phrynobatrachidae.
Cophixalus kaindiensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Many of the species within this genus are non-distinguishable through physical characteristics, and can only be distinguished by their calls.
Scinax nasicus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It may hide in bamboo stems during the day.
P. microps is a medium-sized frog with an elongated and depressed body.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
They are endemic to the cloud forests of central Veracruz and Oaxaca, Mexico.
The frog's back is brown with an orange stripe in the middle of the lower back.
Phyllomedusa oreades is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, endemic to the Brazilian savanna.
Its natural habitat is tropical lowland forests.
It is found in Angola, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania, and Zambia.
The unrelated corrugated frog of Southeast Asia is occasionally also called "flat-headed frog".
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and plantations .
The Kapahiang caecilian, Caudacaecilia paucidentula, is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to Indonesia.
Microhyla marmorata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitat includes lowland rain forests.
Its altitudinal range is 1,220–3,660 m above sea level.
Petropedetes martiensseni ↔ Arthroleptides martiensseni – Usambara torrent frog
Microhyla picta is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Scolecomorphidae are the family of tropical caecilians or African caecilians.
Red-eyed tree frogs have sticky pads on their toes.
Anilany helenae is a species of frog in the microyhlid subfamily Cophylinae.
The Kern Canyon slender salamander is a plethodontid salamander.
The nostrils are at the tip of the snout and visible from above.
The spectacled salamander is most often found near streams, in dense vegetation, under leaf litter, dead wood, or stones.
Geocrinia rosea, the Karri or Roseate Frog is a species in the family, Myobatrachidae.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
The cloud forest tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Mexico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
Its body was about 70 centimetres long, with 230 vertebrae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Vera's tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is endemic to Costa Rica and only know from its type locality, Los Diamantes, near Guápiles, Limón Province.
It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical swamps, rivers, and freshwater marshes.
Cycloramphus dubius is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.
Hypsiboas cordobae is a frog species in the family Hylidae.
Bolitoglossa pesrubra is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It occurs in secondary forests and forest edges, and to very limited extent, degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations .
It is found in West Papua and Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Polypedates megacephalus, the Hong Kong Whipping Frog or Spot-legged Tree Frog, is a species in the shrub frog family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Pseudoeurycea juarezi is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to Mexico.
Its skull was round and short, especially when compared to its Permian relative, Diplocaulus.
The Holy-mountain Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to Liupanshan National Nature Reserve in Jingyuan County, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, China.
In a recent revision of the Hylidae family, the two species of the previous genus Pternohyla were included in this genus.
Richard’s big-eyed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
Dwarf sirens can be distinguished from members of the genus Siren in that dwarf sirens have three toes on each foot rather than four.
The Quebrada Valverde Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to Una, Bahia, Brazil.
Gastrotheca ossilaginis is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
Physalaemus crombiei is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
It is endemic to Tioman Island, off the east coast of Peninsular Malaysia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Other common names are the gliding leaf frog and Spurrell's leaf frog.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Pelophylax fukienensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Dendrophryniscus is a genus of true toads in the family Bufonidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
Dendropsophus meridensis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Ichthyophis is a genus of caecilians found in Southeast Asia, the southern Philippines, and the western Indo-Australian Archipelago.
The origin of this group of frogs was largely unknown, due to the lack of members of this family in the fossil record.
Reproduction takes place in pools of water, as evidenced by calling males and pairs in amplexus.
It is found in Honduras and possibly Guatemala.
Allobates femoralis is a species of frog in the family Aromobatidae.
While collecting specimens in the Colombian rain forest near the village of Timbo on the Vaupes river, Dr. Pyburn heard the frog call.
It can lay its eggs on land or in water, depending on the environment.
The Douglas' Toad is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
Osteocephalus oophagus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, and possibly Suriname.
Females lay eggs between February and March, as many as 500.
Like most fossorial frogs, they will dig backwards into the ground.
The Asiatic salamanders are primitive salamanders found all over Asia, and in European Russia.
Breeding takes place near ponds and swamps.
Its natural habitats are temperate grassland, rivers, swamps, irrigated land, and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
It is considered critically endangered due to habitat loss, pollution, and overcollection, as it is considered a delicacy and used in traditional Chinese medicine.
The Tsinpa salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family.
It is endemic to Brazil, where it is known from coastal regions in Bahia, Alagoas, and Pernambuco.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, dry savanna, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The Doi Inthanon rock frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Namibia, Zambia, possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo, and possibly Zimbabwe.
Hence, the initial synonymy cannot be repealed, and the correct scientific names of these frogs are H. kivuensis kivuensis and H. kivuensis multifasciatus.
They are expected to be found in the southern slopes of the Hindu Kush near Afghanistan.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its common names are spiny-throated reed frog, spiny reed frog, and Mulanje reed frog.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, plantations, and heavily degraded former forest.
The buzzing tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It primarily inhabits the threatened sandhill communities, flatwoods, and scrub in the Atlantic coastal plain, where it is usually found near ponds.
The Italian edible frog is a hybridogenic species in the true frog family Ranidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The Hyperoliidae, sedge and bush frogs, are a large family of small to medium-sized, brightly colored frogs which contains more than 250 species in 19 genera.
At 7.7 mm in length, it is considered the world's smallest known vertebrate.
Oedipina poelzi is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Arthroleptis brevipes is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater springs, and plantations.
Chrysobatrachus cupreonitens is a species of frogs in the family Hyperoliidae; it is monotypic within the genus Chrysobatrachus.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
The Yiwu salamander is threatened by habitat loss.
Gastrotheca ovifera is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
Despite thorough surveys, it has not been observed for a long period and is feared extinct.
It was recently separated from the Western chorus frog,, being identified as an individual species rather than a subspecies.
Atelopus galactogaster, the Antado stubfoot toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Colombia within the northwestern Andean montane forests.
Dendrophryniscus proboscideus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is feared that the species might be extinct.
The tadpoles develop in small temporary streams.
The species' natural habitat is pine-oak and fir forests.
Its natural habitats are fast-flowing streams in temperate Nothofagus forest.
Rhacophorus arvalis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Taiwan.
The younger frogs are a grayish brown with some darker markings.
Unlike Atelopus varius, who does not retain TTX when raised in captivity and thus acquires TTX exogenously, A. oxyrhynchus maintains its toxicity when raised in captivity.
Hylomantis medinai is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
It is threatened by habitat loss and degradation.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Myers' Surinam toad is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in Panama and possibly Colombia.
Hutchins' tree frog is a species of frogs in the family Hylidae found in Colombia and possibly Brazil and Peru.
Originally thought to have vertebrae distinct from rachitomous vertebrae, it was placed in a separate order named Phyllospondyli.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela, and possibly Bolivia and Guyana.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
It occurs in southeastern Asia, from India to southern China, and south to Malaysia.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock grazing and expanding human settlement and possibly by stream pollution.
Many species of this family are threatened due to human infrastructure encroaching the places they inhabit.
Chiasmocleis carvalhoi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is sometimes referred to as the whitethroat slimy salamander, because it was once considered to be a subspecies of the northern slimy salamander, Plethodon glutinosus.
However, records from Thailand to the Sunda Shelf may apply to another, possibly unnamed species.
Polypedates zed is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.
The northern sandhill frog is a small, fossorial frog native to a small region of the Western Australian coast.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It can also be found in secondary growth, mixed deciduous forests.
It is also called Tsushima leopard frog, though leopard frogs proper are related species from North America.
It is the only species in the monotypic genus Wakea.
It is named after the shipping service FedEx, which owned the land where the holotype specimen was first found.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Rhacophorus bipunctatus is a frog species in the moss frog family found from eastern India into Southeast Asia, possibly to southeastern China and south to Malaysia.
Dendrobates rubrocephalus is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae.
Spinomantis brunae is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae.
Mantidactylus albofrenatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Leptobrachium banae is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
Philautus kerangae is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
The false tomato frog, Dyscophus guineti, is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
It is endemic to Sumatra, Indonesia, and occurs in the Barisan Mountains at elevations of 1,068–1,680 m above sea level.
Mantella ebenaui is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It is found in Laos, Vietnam, and possibly Cambodia.
It is found in Colombia and Panama.
Despite its common name, it belongs to the Rhacophoridae family, instead of the Hylidae.
Threats to this little-known species are unknown.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
Meristogenys phaeomerus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rivers.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Mantophryne louisiadensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
It is endemic to Madagascar, known only from Andasibe-Mantadia National Park but it likely occurs more widespread.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
Part of its range is within the Gaoligongshan National Nature Reserve.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is endemic to California, in Tulare County in the western United States.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay.
It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
Hyperolius sheldricki is a species of small frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Hyperolius major is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Litoria majikthise is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, found in Papua New Guinea and possibly West Papua in Indonesia.
However, frogs in the field show clinical signs, including blisters, that may be associated with other diseases.
In Spanish it is known as ranita amarilla común.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
The vocal sac of the male is not well developed.
Atelopus eusebianus, the Malvasa stubfoot toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Colombia.
Pherohapsis menziesi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Was found and described by a lower jaw.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, and freshwater marshes.
Kalophrynus nubicola is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
The moaning frog is a burrowing frog native to south-western Western Australia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, intermittent rivers, pastureland, and ponds.
Physalaemus rupestris is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, swamps, and heavily degraded former forest.
Most species of Brachycephalus are only found on one, or a few, mountaintops in the Brazilian cloud forests.
The sphagnum frog is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Hynobius nebulosus, the clouded salamander, is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to Japan.
Afrixalus is a genus of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
The 15 species in this genus were previously placed in the Hyla genus.
Eggs are normally laid in temporary water, and tadpoles develop quickly to metamorphose before the water completely evaporates.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Ambystoma rivulare is a species of mole salamander in the Ambystomatidae family.
The Sudell's frog or painted burrowing frog is a species of burrowing frog common to a large part of southeastern Australia.
Described by Wilhelm Peters in 1867, it is endemic to the Philippines.
The Snow Mountains tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Hyperolius bolifambae is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
None of its habitat is currently protected.
The clouded salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Tyler's tree frog or the southern laughing tree frog is an arboreal tree frog.
The species comprises at least 12 major evolutionary lineages, and there are variations in the color and pattern of this toad across its range.
The informally assigned common name for frogs in this genus is torrent frog.
Aphantophryne pansa is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
Amolops spinapectoralis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Vietnam.
This rare species has a restricted range and is threatened by habitat loss and change.
Austrochaperina is a genus of microhylid frogs found on New Guinea, New Britain and Australia.
Twenty-three species previously placed in the Hyla genus were moved to this genus.
It is endemic to the United States.
Its local name is "rana criolla" but that name is used for congeners elsewhere too.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.
It is probably a forest species moving to open areas for breeding.
Its altitudinal range is 2,250–4,250 m above sea level.
Pacific giant salamanders are a family of large salamanders from the United States and Canada.
The species that have great toxicity derive this from their diet of ants, mites and termites.
Oreophryne wapoga is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Loveridge's frog, also known as the masked mountain frog, is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
Capture-recapture methods suggest that the species is very stationary; 12 m was the maximum observed distance travelled by one individual during the summer season.
Most species lay their eggs in the water and go through a tadpole stage.
It inhabits large, permanent water bodies, such as swamps, ponds, and lakes, where it is usually found along the water's edge.
The specific name sanguinopictus, from Latin for sanguis and pictus refers to the distinctive red blotching and punctations characteristic for this species.
Plethodontohyla bipunctata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
However, some disagree with such a classification based on the disjunctive distribution of the two, and the differences in their physical appearance and habitat preference.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
These tree frogs are commonly found in rice paddies, and rest during the day on rice leaves and other broad-leaved vegetation.
It is classified as "Vulnerable" by the IUCN as it is threatened by habitat loss.
It is particularly common in the Amur River basin of China and Russia.
Hypsiboas andinus is a frog species in the family Hylidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay.
The torrent salamanders or Cascade salamanders are a family with only one genus of salamanders.
It and the West Virginia spring salamander are the only vertebrate species with ranges restricted to that state.
Phyllobates contains the most poisonous species of frog, the golden poison frog.
The Charuplaya tree frog, Hypsiboas callipleura, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Bolivia.
It is endemic to a small region of the Blanco River near San Marcos in Hays County, Texas.
It is found in Laos and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, freshwater marshes, and plantations .
In Western Greece it lives along with Pelophylax epeiroticus.
Physalaemus albifrons is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
It is only known from a single limestone cave in Baicun, Wuchuan; attempts to find it in other locations have failed.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate shrubland, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, freshwater springs, irrigated land, and canals and ditches.
The peppered tree frog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
It was first described by Litvinchuk, Borkin, Skorinov and Rosanov in 2008 and is found in the Talysh Mountains in Azerbaijan and parts of Iran.
It is endemic to Chuannan in Sichuan, China particularly Junlian County and Hejiang County, but the species may be more widespread than is currently known.
Microhyla ornata is a species of microhylid frog found in South Asia.
Proceratophrys subguttata is a species of frog in the Odontophrynidae family.
Hyloscirtus armatus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Bolivia and Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Like other caecilians, they superficially resemble worms or snakes.
The Supramonte cave salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the island of Sardinia.
Its adult length can range from 5 to 8 in.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
It is endemic to Honduras and known from near Cataguana in the Marale municipality, Francisco Morazán Department.
It was once fairly common, but has not been seen after mid-1980s.
Philautus garo is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Leptodactylus pustulatus is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
The Golfodulcean poison frog or Golfodulcean poison-arrow frog is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae endemic to Costa Rica.
It is endemic to humid premontane slopes of the Cordillera de Talamanca in Costa Rica and western Panama.
The sand frog is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Individuals were found in disturbed habitat between mountain evergreen forests and agricultural land, 1-2m above the ground in bushes.
They have long, thick external gills, almond eyes, and tall caudal fins.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The species was described by George Albert Boulenger in 1888, who named it after its collector, Richard Baron.
The dyeing dart frog, tinc, or dyeing poison frog is a species of poison dart frog.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, moist savanna, temperate shrubland, temperate grassland, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, intermittent freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and canals and ditches.
As of 2016, the species is only known from its type locality.
Poison dart frog is the common name of a group of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae which are native to tropical Central and South America.
The banded bullfrog is also known as the chubby frog, Asian painted frog, rice frog, or bubble frog.
The southern crested newt is a terrestrial European newt.
Females attach their eggs to grasses and sedges.
The bridled frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Earlier records from São Paulo state are now recognized as Stereocyclops parkeri.
The southern dwarf siren is a perennibranch salamander lacking hind legs.
Phyllomedusa centralis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Though it is only known from Doi Inthanon National Park and Thongphaphum in Kanchanaburi Province, it is not rare in suitable habitat.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, intermittent freshwater marshes, and ponds.
The scientific name of this species means "long-snout" and the species has been named in Spanish as the jambato hocicudo.
The Sardinata tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Colombia.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Scinax cardosoi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The IUCN does not consider this species to be faced by any significant threats.
Hyperolius adspersus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Ansonia guibei is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Dendropsophus yaracuyanus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its specific name refers to the Poqomchi' people, a group of Indian people from the Guatemalan highlands.
Kassina arboricola was for a period treated as a subspecies Kassina cochranae arboricola, but it is now considered a valid species.
The hatched tadpoles do not feed but live on the stored yolk until they undergo metamorphosis.
It is found in Bangladesh, India, Nepal, and possibly Bhutan and Burma.
In 2002, the genus absorbed all three species of the former Arthroleptides genus, but they were reinstated in 2014.
Bokermannohyla claresignata is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its presence in Peninsular Malaysia is uncertain.
Scinax eurydice is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Throat is black and belly is cream colored.
It has a small, indistinct head, short legs, and a long, rounded tail.
It is named after its type locality, Shangcheng.
Most specimens are found in the vicinity of Hot Springs, Arkansas, and the Missouri portion of the Ozark Plateau.
Several specimens were collected in 1909, but since then the species has not been seen in the wild.
Phasmahyla exilis, the mottled leaf frog, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
It has not been seen for more than two decades, and may be extinct.
Oxydactyla coggeri is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
From September through December, adults migrate from surrounding upland habitats to their natal wetlands during rainfall events associated with passing cold fronts.
The species is endemic to the British Virgin Islands and the US Virgin Islands.
The Northern banjo frog is a species of ground-dwelling burrowing frog native to eastern Queensland and northeastern New South Wales, Australia.
This species builds nests of foam above temporary pools and other water bodies.
Xenorhina arboricola is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The Epirus water frog is a species of frog in the family Ranidae.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, intermittent freshwater marshes, and arable land.
Its common names are tiny reed frog and dwarf reed frog.
It has been mixed with other species such as Rhombophryne mangabensis; it is known with certainty only from the Marojejy National Park.
Leptodactylus hallowelli is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
It is found in Ecuador and possibly Colombia.
Slender salamander is the name often given to Plethodontid salamanders of the genus Batrachoseps.
According to Matsui, recent surveys have located populations in only four locations.
While the general background coloration of most glass frogs is primarily lime green, the abdominal skin of some members of this family is transparent.
Choerophryne burtoni is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is a medium-sized tree frog, females are 5–6 cm in snout-vent length; males are slightly smaller.
It is endemic to Travis and Williamson counties, Texas, United States.
It is endemic to central and southern China and known from Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Anhui, Zhejiang, Hunan, Hubei, and Jiangxi provinces.
Populations of Rana muscosa in the northern Sierra Nevada have been redescribed as a new species, Rana sierrae, the Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog.
It is endemic to New Guinea and found in both Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
Petropedetes is a genus of frogs in the family Petropedetidae.
Atelopus nanay is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
Boulengerula uluguruensis or the Uluguru pink caecilian is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.
It is threatened by habitat loss and overharvesting.
It is a locally common species, but its range is limited, it is known from only five locations, and its population is believed to be declining.
Common name Amoman choerophryne has been suggested for it.
Afrixalus nigeriensis is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Everett's treefrog or the Timor treefrog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The White-footed Frog or White-footed Trilling Frog is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is monotypic within the genus Pseudobufo.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and intermittent rivers.
Nototriton gamezi is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to Vietnam, only known from vicinity of its type locality in Phu Yen District of Sơn La Province.
The frog is yellow to golden in colour.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
It is known by a number of common names: tiny stream toad, dwarf slender toad, and minute slender toad.
The back is largely tan to dark brown, and the belly is white.
Caecilia pachynema is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Nyctixalus pictus, or the cinnamon frog, is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.
Gastrotheca is a genus of frogs found in Central and South America.
The spotted-thighed tree frog is a Western Australian tree frog species in the family Hylidae.
This species is known from Kuang-wu Shan in Nankiang County and Qingchuan in Sichuan Province, and Wenxian, in Gansu Province, China, from 1,600-1,850m above sea level.
Both their aquatic breeding sites and the cover-rich, natural landscapes upon which they depend during their terrestrial phase are affected.
Bokermannohyla ahenea is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The California tiger salamander is a vulnerable amphibian native to California.
Phyllomedusa atelopoides is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Bokermannohyla pseudopseudis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Rhombophryne laevipes is a frog of the Microhylidae family.
Boophis pauliani is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, pastureland, and heavily degraded former forests.
It is an alpine species associated with streams in moist, forested and grassland habitats in hilly areas.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, and canals and ditches.
As most of the remaining populations live on private land, the logistics of the conservation effort can be complicated.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru.
Kaloula baleata, the flower pot toad or sometimes the smooth-fingered narrow-mouthed frog is a species of narrow-mouthed toad.
Leptodactylus flavopictus is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Craugastor emleni is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
They are found in Mexico and Guatemala.
Names in English that have been used for this species are purple frog, Indian purple frog, or pignose frog.
They live near alpine tundra, usually beside creeks, cold springs, and seepages, usually hiding during the day.
Pseudoeurycea ruficauda is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Eleutherodactylus modestus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Rubricacaecilia is an extinct genus of caecilian from the Early Cretaceous Period in Morocco.
Phlyctimantis is a genus of frogs in the family Hyperoliidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
The golden banana frog, golden dwarf reed frog, golden spiny reed frog, or golden leaf-folding frog is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Commonly called leaf frogs, they are found in the Neotropics.
Hyperolius kivuensis is a frog species of in the family Hyperoliidae.
Leptodactylus riveroi is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Although not yet considered threatened, Danube crested newt populations have declined significantly, the reason being mainly habitat loss.
considers P. darwinii occurring in Bioko Island a synonym of P.
Spinomantis guibei is a species of frog in the Mantellid subfamily Mantellinae, endemic to Madagascar.
It is a small toad, about 40 mm in length.
Rulyrana saxiscandens is a species of frog in the family Centrolenidae.
Mantidactylus biporus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, moist savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is known from the Pando Department, northern Bolivia, western Brazil, and Madre de Dios Region of southeastern Peru.
It currently contains only one species, the Central Asian salamander
Bokermannohyla martinsi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Geelvink pygmy tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Triprion spatulatus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Mexico.
It is threatened by habitat loss, although it is considered to be of least concern with regard to extinction.
Osteocephalus yasuni is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
This species has enlarged toes and golden eyes, and females are larger than males.
The Eungella Tinker Frog, Liem's Frog, or Liem's Tinker Frog is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
On the other hand, the recently described supposed diminutive species P. nigripes was simply based on juveniles of P. pakenhami.
These salamanders are commonly referred to as brook salamanders.
With a few exceptions, salamandrids have patterns of bright and contrasting colours.
Scinax similis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is endemic to Madagascar and known from localities in northern, eastern, southeastern, and mid-western parts of the island.
Plethodontohyla ocellata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
These species are now found mostly in Chiromantis, but also in Kurixalus, Liuixalus, Feihyla, Gracixalus, and Theloderma.
The Santa Lucia Mountains slender salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to Cordillera de Tilarán, Costa Rica.
Zachaenus is a genus of frogs in the family Cycloramphidae.
Common names: blue-sided leaf frog, blue-sided tree frog, and orange-eyed leaf frog
Records from Colombia probably represent different species.
Werneria submontana is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It has not been seen since 1984, but some of the known sites have not been well surveyed, so it may still survive.
Gephyromantis redimitus, commonly known as the Banded Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Scinax squalirostris is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
This frog lives in bromeliads in forest habitat, especially in the restinga.
It is threatened by habitat loss and the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging, agriculture and human settlements.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and plantations.
Its habitat is primarily semi-arid sparsely vegetated areas, and it is also thought to be adapted to some disturbed areas.
It occurs in the Zahamena, Andasibe-Mantadia, and Andringitra National Parks.
Its common name is brown running frog or pale running frog.
The salamander's mature length is 13 cm.
Liophryne is a genus of microhylid frogs.
Anodonthyla is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to Madagascar.
The Sacramento Mountain salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
As its common name suggests, it prefers aquatic environments.
It is named in honor of R.W.
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
It is a semi-aquatic frog occurring in hill streams.
It is monotypic within the genus Glyphoglossus.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, and degraded land that was previously forested.
The Eungella Torrent Frog is the only known Myobatrachid known to show its presence by the movement of its body.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical wet/damp environments montane forests.
Its colour varies from rufous brown with dark mottling, to tan or green, depending on the population.
It is a medium-sized tree frog; females are 4.5–5.5 cm in snout-vent length, and males are slightly smaller 3.5–4.5 cm.
The Gaboon caecilian, Geotrypetes seraphini, is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family.
Hyperolius gularis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
They are currently listed by CITES as an endangered species and by IUCN as critically endangered in the wild, with a decreasing population.
It is endemic to the United States.
They are so named for their scent, which reportedly smells like a mink.
Scinax cuspidatus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Exerodonta is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family.
It is sometimes referred to as the Valdina blind salamander or sinkhole salamander.
It is native to the eastern United States from Kansas to New York to Florida.
Parts of its range receive protection from the Bakossi Forest Reserve.
The Lema tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Guyana, Venezuela, and possibly Brazil.
It is endemic to central Texas, near Helotes, in Bexar County.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
The gray treefrog is a species of small arboreal frog native to much of the eastern United States and southeastern Canada.
Hylomantis psilopygion is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical swamps, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is endemic to the United States.
For example, the feet are completely webbed, the body is flattened, and a lateral line system is present.
Its local names are rana coralina and rana de los viscacheras.
Adenomera lutzi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
This anuran is endemic to the Belizean pine forests ecoregion.
However, the species was rediscovered in field surveys in 2011–2014.
They are closely related to the giant salamanders, with which they form the suborder Cryptobranchoidea.
It is the sole species within the genus Assa, and is part of the family Myobatrachidae.
Cophixalus is a genus of microhylid frogs.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Endemic to southeastern France and northwestern Italy, its natural habitats are temperate forests, rocky areas, caves, and subterranean habitats.
The Shancheng stout salamander is stout, with a cylindrical body and pronounced sexual dimorphism: the adult male develops a thick, broad head.
It is endemic to Mexico and only known from the northern slope of Cerro Pelón, in Sierra de Juárez in northern Oaxaca.
Genus Taruga was previously assigned to the genus Polypedates.
The Buzzing Frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
However, Araujo-Vieira and colleagues suggests that the Serra da Mantiqueira population could represent Sphaenorhynchus canga; the two species are similar.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rivers.
These are tree-dwelling species usually hiding in the cisterns of epiphytic bromeliads.
It is a common species, though it has recently declined.
Aquiloeurycea cephalica is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to northern Madagascar and known from the Tsaratanana Massif.
Oreophryne insulana is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
As part of National Science Week 2010, the froglet was listed as one of Australia's Top 10 New Species of new Australian species discovered in 2009.
Hyperolius albofrenatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
It is found in Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, possibly Central African Republic, and possibly Republic of the Congo.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Gastrotheca splendens is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
The red salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae endemic to the Eastern United States.
It had numerous blunt teeth, and probably chased after invertebrate prey.
It is found in Argentina and Brazil.
Pseudophryne raveni is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
They have a number of common names, including forest tree frogs, leaf frogs, and big-eyed frogs.
Cycloramphus duseni is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.
Sphaenorhynchus carneus, the Napo lime treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Leptodactylus rhodostima is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Afrixalus builds leaf nests for its eggs, by folding and gluing the edges of the leaves.
A usual nest is between 12 and 25 cm in diameter and often has a central hole of 4 to 8 cm width.
The green-thighed frog is a medium-sized species of ground-dwelling tree frog in Australia.
The two-coloured caecilian, Epicrionops bicolor, is a species of caecilian in the Rhinatrematidae family found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
This species is known only from the type locality, which is given as "Kaieteur Falls, 366 m asl, Mazaruni-Potaro District, Guyana".
It is native to South America, where it occurs French Guiana, Suriname, and northern Brazil.
Unlike other amphibamids such as Gerobatrachus, the teeth are not pedicellate, or narrow at the base.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
They are silvery greyish-brown with dark brown to black spots, and derive their name from bright red coloring on the ventral side of their hind legs.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, pastureland, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
After the eggs hatch, the adults transport the tadpoles on their backs to ponds, where the tadpoles complete their development.
Jackson's climbing salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Rhombophryne coudreaui is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Pseudophilautus extirpo was a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.
Several species of Amolops and Odorrana are highly convergent with Huia.
It is found in southern Cameroon, southwestern Central African Republic, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, western Democratic Republic of the Congo, and probably Republic of the Congo.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
It is threatened by major habitat loss.
Its demise is attributed to habitat loss and degradation.
Fejervarya frithii is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
The Calyptocephalellidae are a family of toads found in Chile containing two genera, Calyptocephalella and Telmatobufo.
Rhacophorus gauni is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Adult frogs do not give advertisement vocalisations, but may communicate by chemical signalling.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is endemic to Parque Estadual do Ibitipoca, Brazil.
The Chinese warty newt is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family.
The species is considered "Endangered" because of its relatively small range and threats to its habitat from grazing, agriculture and mining.
The Centralian tree frog is a large species of tree frog native to a small area in central Australia.
It is also likely to occur in Liberia.
Rhacophorus margaritifer is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Indonesia.
The salamanders are totally aquatic and spend their whole lives in the same body of water.
The Mongolian toad, also known as the piebald toad or Siberian sand toad, is a species of toad found in East Asia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Gastrotheca galeata is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
Mantidactylus pauliani is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Rhacophorus lateralis is an endangered species of rhacophorid tree frog endemic to the Western Ghats in South India.
Hyla sanchiangensis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and rocky areas.
The population has declined 81% in the last ten years and this species is now critically endangered.
It contains species formerly classified in the genus Dendrobates and in 2006 transferred to the genus Ranitomeya.
The taxa may be invalid; the material referred to the genus may be juvenile specimens of larger amphibians.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
Mantidactylus ulcerosus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The yellow-spotted salamander, known locally as fei, has a total length of 158–189 mm in males and 138–180 mm in females.
Scinax strigilatus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Gastrotheca andaquiensis is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.
Scaphiophryne menabensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Cycloramphus brasiliensis is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.
It is considered a critically endangered species because population numbers have declined by more than 80% over the last 10 years.
Breeding and egg-laying take place in the waters of streams and rivers.
The white-black tree frog, Hypsiboas alboniger, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Bolivia.
It is endemic to the Philippines, where found on the islands of Mindanao, Leyte and Samar.
It was considered monotypic within Brasilotyphlus but a recently described species has been placed in this same genus.
Bokermannohyla saxicola is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Meristogenys poecilus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
The Pijol salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is believed to be extirpated from South Korea.
Copiula exspectata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Microhyla nanapollexa is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Little is known about this lowland species that has not been collected after it was described in 1878.
In some species conservationists have established captive colonies as a safeguard.
It is endemic to Mexico and occurs in the Meseta Central of Chiapas.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Dendropsophus novaisi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Osornophryne puruanta is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
P. yonahlossee was first described in 1917 by E.R Dunn on a collection site on Grandfather Mountain in North Carolina.
Gastrophrynoides borneensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family, known commonly as the Borneo narrowmouth toad.
The Kaieteur Tepui treefrog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Guyana.
The sole species is Opisthothylax immaculatus, also known as the gray-eyed frog .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is found in Mount Mulanje in southern Malawi and Mount Namuli in northern Mozambique.
It is found in Indonesia and possibly Malaysia.
The family consists of two genera, Heleophryne and Hadromophryne, with seven species.
Its type locality is Junlian County in Sichuan.
Phyllobates aurotaenia is a member of the frog family Dendrobatidae, which are found in the tropical environments of Central and South America.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
This little known species is believed to live in montane forests at elevations of about 2,350–2,400 m above sea level.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers, but is threatened by habitat loss.
The frogs are threatened by habitat loss.
The Blue Ridge Dusky Salamander,, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Philautus maosonensis is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It has a lifespan of 12 to 15 years in the wild, and may grow to five inches in length.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and rivers.
All species within the family are considered threatened, with T. bullocki and T. venustus being classified as critically endangered.
It occurs in West and Middle Africa between Sierra Leone in the west and western Cameroon in the east.
For another species commonly known as the red-eyed tree frog, see Agalychnis callidryas
Brachycephalus species are very small frogs, up to 1.8 cm in length, and include the smallest frog in the Southern Hemisphere, Izecksohn's toad.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, arable land, irrigated land, and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
Hyperolius obscurus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Mantidactylus majori is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Atelopus peruensis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is endemic to eastern China: it is only found in Zhejiang and Anhui provinces.
Odorrana utsunomiyaorum is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
is unusual in that the call is produced during inhalation rather than exhalation as in other frogs.
It is endemic to the Tsushima Island, Japan.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
It is particularly associated with forests rich in moss and lichens.
The true frogs vary greatly in size, ranging from small—such as the wood frog—to the largest frog in the world, the goliath frog.
Albericus variegatus is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Osteocephalus exophthalmus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Moore's frog, Lithobates johni, is a frog species in the true frog family.
This area is mainly semi-arid, so the frogs have adapted to suit this region.
The Longdong stream salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to China.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, plantations, and heavily degraded former forest.
It was about 25 centimetres long, and resembled a lizard with a large skull and short limbs.
The scientific name refers to the island Ko Tao Island in the Gulf of Siam, where the type specimen was collected.
Notches aiming resin collection increase carrying capacity of the frogs providing additional breeding sites.
It is found in Malaysia, possibly Brunei, and possibly Indonesia.
The Gulf Coast waterdog is a species of aquatic salamander in the family Proteidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, intermittent freshwater marshes, hot deserts, and temperate desert.
When alarmed, it emits a very loud call and it can exude a noxious secretion which smells like garlic, hence the common name "garlic toad".
The top of the head carries a bony plate which is fused with the skin.
Physalaemus santafecinus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
The white-lipped tree frog, also known as the giant tree frog, is the world's largest tree frog.
Boophis sibilans is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Amietia dracomontana, the Drakensberg frog, Drakensberg river frog, or Sani Pass frog, is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.
Common name Limon worm salamander has been coined for it.
Bolitoglossa insularis is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The American spadefoot toads are of typical shape to most fossorial frogs.
Paedophryne swiftorum is a species of frogs from Papua New Guinea discovered in 2008 and formally described in January 2012.
Rhombophryne coronata is a terrestrial and fossorial species that inhabits primary and somewhat degraded rainforests as well as pine plantations.
Gephyromantis corvus, commonly known as the Isalo Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, freshwater springs, rural gardens, heavily degraded former forest, and ponds.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is tetraploid; diploid populations have been described as a new species, Odontophrynus cordobae.
While it might still exist, having only been found once in the 1920s, no trace of any individuals have been discovered in successive expeditions.
Neotropical salamanders of the Bolitoglossa genus make up the largest genus in the order Caudata, consisting of approximately one-fifth of all known species of salamanders.
Atelopus walkeri, Walker's stubfoot toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Colombia.
Proceratophrys appendiculata is a species of frog in the Odontophrynidae family.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
The females of this species are somewhat larger, at around 4.0 in.
Barbourula is a genus of amphibian commonly referred to as jungle toads.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, and pastureland.
It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
The northern New Guinea tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
The body is ovoid with a triangular head and small, protruding eyes.
"Amphibian Species of the World 5.6" lists 81 species.
Like other species of spadefoot toads, they get their name from a spade-like projections on their hind legs which allow them to dig into sandy soils.
Reported May 2015, seven new species have been discovered in Brazil's Atlantic rain forest in the states of Paraná and Santa Catarina, in southern Brazil.
Fruit eating behavior is intrinsic, with fruit making up a significant percentage of the frogs' diets.
The olive snout-burrower or olive shovelnose frog is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family, found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and possibly Uganda.
It was found in the Rio do Rasto Formation, and was named in honor of the city of Bagé where it was located.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
in accepting two species, both only found in Italy:
From morphological and DNA analyses, the researchers concluded the new family had evolved independently of other caecilians since the time of the dinosaurs.
The Yucatán mushroomtongue salamander or Yucatán salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Copiula alpestris is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Common name lime reed frog has been coined for this species.
The northern green frog is a subspecies of the green frog, Lithobates clamitans.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rocky areas, caves, and subterranean habitats.
The European fire-bellied toad is a fire-bellied toad native to mainland Europe.
Leptobrachium mouhoti is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
The species' specific descriptor is named after Mixcoatl, a pre-Columbian deity figure among a number of central Mexican cultures such as the Otomi and Nahua.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate shrubland, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, rocky areas, granite outcrops, arable land, pastureland, open excavations, and canals and ditches.
The western marsh frog is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
Five of the seven species live in Western Australia while the other two species are confined to south-eastern Australia.
The little grass frog is a species of chorus frog endemic to the Southeastern United States.
The locust coqui or coqui martillito is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Puerto Rico.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock grazing and expanding human settlement.
Its natural habitats are freshwater marshes, ponds, irrigated land, and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
It lives in terrestrial bromeliads on the forest edge and in open areas.
Its natural habitat is temperate forests where it is threatened by habitat loss.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and canals and ditches.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock grazing and expanding human settlement.
Nesovtriton is an extinct genus of cryptobranchoid salamander known from the Late Cretaceous of Bissekty Formation, in Uzbekistan.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
As its name suggests, it favors water, and is typically found in wooded riparian areas.
The gold-striped salamander, golden-striped salamander, saramaganta or píntega rabilonga is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family.
It was described by John Edward Gray in 1830.
Pseudocallulops pullifer is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The genus was resurrected in 1989 to house two new species in addition to the type species, A. pansa.
Their breeding season is very early, starting in late February in Korea.
Because of their prevalence and larger size than other salamanders, mudpuppies are good organisms for dissections.
Its average lifespan in captivity, about 16 years, is long compared with most frogs.
The programme was transferred to Auckland Zoo in 2005, where over half of the frogs, including juveniles bred at the Canterbury facility, died.
It is endemic to the Andaman Islands, India.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is the official state amphibian of Alabama.
P. mustersi is known to reside in the Paghman Mountains in Afghanistan, where it lives in fast-running waters which are formed from melting glaciers.
Pelobates cultripes is a toad species in the family Pelobatidae.
The Highland treefrog or Wollaston's treefrog, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, found in West New Guinea.
It is endemic to the Serra do Mar in the São Paulo state, Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Scinax auratus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Boophis opisthodon is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The salamander is called "slimy" because it is capable of excreting a sticky, glue-like substance from its skin.
Some of these recommendations are exclude logging around breeding areas, prevent pollution of streams and wetlands, and maintain vegetation and deep-leaf litter around streams.
Breeding takes place in shallow pools with emergent vegetation.
The juveniles emerge from the water and remain largely terrestrial for the rest of their lives.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
It is one of the largest known limbless, yellow-striped caecilians from the Western Ghats.
Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and irrigated land.
It is native to Cherrapunji and Khasi Hills in northeastern India.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Common name blackish choerophryne has been suggested for it.
With its closest relatives in the Seychelles, Nasikabatrachus is thought to have evolved separately for millions of years.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
Adult males have a total length of 150–184 mm and females of about 157–176 mm.
In 1998, an antimicrobial peptide was extracted from the toad, and patented.
The range of the genus Necturus runs from southern central Canada, through the midwestern United States, east to North Carolina and south to Georgia and Mississippi.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
Except for their size, they are similar to the mole salamander family, in which they were originally included.
It is locally very abundant, but its population is believed to decreasing, probably due to habitat loss.
Isthmura naucampatepetl is a species of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae.
It is found in Fujian, Zhejiang, and Jiangxi provinces of China as well as in Taiwan.
The Alexandria toadlet is a species of frog in the family Myobatrachidae.
The quacking frog also known as the red-thighed froglet is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
The Alagoas heart-tongued frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, the tree frogs and allies.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The Ichthyophiidae are the family of Asiatic tailed caecilians or fish caecilians found in South and Southeast Asia as well as southernmost China.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Like other mole salamanders, the Jefferson salamander burrows; they have well-developed lungs suited for this purpose.
Its closest relative is thought to be the recently discovered Pilbara Toadlet.
The tiger salamander or eastern tiger salamander is a North American species of mole salamander.
They are the only viviparous caecilians with secondary annuli.
It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rural gardens.
Bellamy in Owen Stanley Mountains though it may more widely distributed.
Craugastor opimus is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
The Spencer's river tree frog, or Spencer’s tree frog or spotted tree frog is a species of frogs in the Hylidae family.
The Venezuelan yellow frog is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Venezuela.
The black tadpoles congregate in dense clusters in ponds or other calm waters.
The cave-dwelling frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Limnonectes ibanorum is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.
The taxonomic position of Rana sangzhiensis is unclear, with some authors placing it in genus Pseudorana.
Malabar tailed caecilians are found in Kerala, India.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
The generic placement of this species within the subfamily Centroleninae is uncertain.
They can also be found along the Queensland coast where it has been recorded between Townsville and Cooktown, and as far south as Hervey Bay.
Physalaemus nanus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
The Pelodryadinae are a subfamily of the Hylidae, the "tree frogs", ranging from Wallacea, through New Guinea to the Solomons and Australia.
It is endemic to Pingwu County in Sichuan, China.
The Tradouw's mountain toad is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It has sometimes been reported from other Philippine islands and Borneo, but these populations are now regarded as separate species.
The subfamily consists of around 50 species in three well-known genera, Phyllomedusa, Agalychnis, and Pachymedusa.
The southern chorus frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to the southeastern United States.
Cophixalus riparius is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
This rather large species is found in the northern Western Ghats.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
These frogs inhabit the canopies of tropical rainforests, where they breed in tree cavities, and seldom, if ever, descend to the ground.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
It lives in floating vegetation; the eggs are laid on a leaf surface above the water.
The eastern mountains tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Although rare, it is widespread and tolerates some habitat modification, hence the International Union for Conservation of Nature does not consider it threatened.
They are commonly known as shining leaf frogs.
The scientific name is derived from the Swahili words chura meaning toad or frog, miti meaning tree, and maridadi meaning beautiful, for the descriptive "beautiful tree-toad".
It might be in population decline due to habitat loss.
The northern cricket frog is a species of small hylid frog native to the United States and northeastern Mexico.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Available information mostly refers to this composite rather than the "true" Leptobrachium montanum.
Mantidactylus spiniferus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Ecnomiohyla minera is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Afrixalus leucostictus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Several publications have touched on the subject of Atelopus barbotini.
It is not exactly known how long the L. ocellatus lives however it generally seems to average around 4 – 15 years.Diet:
The Turkestanian salamander is currently on the list of the 10 Most Wanted Amphibians, a rediscovery effort launched by Conservation International.
The common mudpuppy is a species of salamander in the genus Necturus.
Callulops glandulosus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru.
It is monotypic within the genus Adelastes.
It lived in the Middle Triassic period, about 235 million years ago, and fossils have been found in Australia, India, and South Africa.
The species is endemic to the United States.
It is an agile terrestrial amphibian, and is nocturnal.
It is found only in a small higher-elevation area in Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation.
It is listed as a critical endangered species due to a restricted range caused by habitat loss.
It is found in Guatemala and Honduras.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rocky areas.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Tuditanomorphs display considerable variability, especially in body size, proportions, dentition, and presacral vertebral count.
The Hokkaidō frog or the Ezo brown frog is a species in the Ranidae family found in Hokkaidō, Japan, and Sakhalin.
A four-month-long search in 2013, however, turned up no surviving individuals in the wild.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
It is endemic to eastern and central Madagascar.
It is a critically endangered species of frog that is endemic to southeastern Australia.
Its hind legs had five toes, and were longer than the forelimbs, which had only four toes.
Eggs are attached to submerged plant material or bottom debris of acidic, fishless ponds in or near pine stands.
It was usually cited in the literature as Cochranella griffithsi.
It was first named by Pavel P. Skutschas in 2009 and the type species is Nesovtriton mynbulakensis.
It is a poorly known species; only two specimens have been collected, both from one location.
It is present in many protected areas.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical dry shrubland and forests, often near rivers and freshwater springs.
Because of the small range of this species, it is listed as critically endangered on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
It is found in southern Nigeria, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, western Republic of Congo, and southwestern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Gephyromantis klemmeri, commonly known as Klemmer's Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The foamy mass floats on the water surface and the foam lowers the risk of attacks from predators.
They are distinguishable from other tree frogs by the presence of horizontal irises, no pigmentation of the eyelids, and their Wallacean distribution.
Common name Wandammen albericus frog has been suggested for it.
It is currently threatened by habitat loss.
It is endemic to California, in Fresno County in the western United States.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
The Trankien frog, Odorrana trankieni, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Boscá's newt, also known as the Iberian newt, is a species of newt in the family Salamandridae.
Some evidence indicates the females may protect their eggs until they hatch.
The lake in which it lives is becoming increasingly saline and less suitable for the salamander, which is declining in numbers.
Nyctixalus margaritifer is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.
It has not been well-studied but it may be widespread in suitable habitat.
It has recently been reported also from Bhutan.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, and rivers.
Rhacophorus is a genus of frogs in the shrub frog family which together with the related Hylidae makes up the true tree frogs.
Phyllodytes maculosus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, heavily degraded former forest, and ponds.
Its best fossils have been found in Boskovice Furrow, in the Czech Republic.
Common name soror reed frog has been coined for this species.
The Chinese fire belly newt is a small) black newt, with bright-orange aposematic coloration on their ventral sides.
It is endemic to Cordillera de Talamanca in Costa Rica.
The Cameroon Clawed Frog is a species of frog in the Pipidae family endemic to Cameroon.
The name is derived from litho- and the Greek bates, meaning one that treads on rock, or rock climber.
The common and scientific names refer to their call, which resembles that of a cricket.
Scinax ictericus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The tail is longer than the body.
It has a green back speckled with black, a cream-coloured belly and a dark stripe running from the shoulder.
Heterixalus betsileo is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to Madagascar.
It is found in Cameroon, Gabon, Republic of the Congo, and eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, possibly Central African Republic.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent rivers.
Charadrahyla nephila is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Mexico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
The head is small, flat and oval.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Recent studies by Jennifer A. Clack suggest that the amphibian Pholiderpeton described by Thomas Henry Huxley in 1869 is the same animal as Eogyrinus.
Largen's clawed frog or the Sidamo clawed frog is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.
They mate only after periods of heavy precipitation.
It inhabits mountain streams and nearby areas, and can also be found in degraded habitats.
Bufo is a large genus of about 150 species of true toads in the amphibian family Bufonidae.
The Javan mossy tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Rwanda.
Hyperolius chrysogaster is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Hyperolius vilhenai is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
The species is not known from elsewhere, and the known population is threatened by habitat destruction associated with tourism, introduced predators, and collection by herpetological hobbyists.
They have relatively short legs, and this gives them a distinctive gait, contrasting with the hopping movement of many other toad species.
Common names include long-nosed reed frog and sharp-nosed reed frog.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and plantations.
The many-banded tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Greererpeton burkemorani is an extinct genus of stem-tetrapods from the Early Carboniferous period of North America.
It is most easily distinguished from the 5 cogenors of the region by the rosy glow of the belly, given to us by the name.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.
Arthroleptis crusculum is a species of frog in the family Arthroleptidae.
The Iberian frog or rana patilarga,, is a species of frog in the family Ranidae found in Portugal and Spain.
The banded banana frog is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Wehrle's salamander is a large salamander with webbed hind feet.
Dendropsophus berthalutzae is a very common species.
The ravine salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, which is endemic to the United States.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Colostethus mertensi is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae, currently threatened by habitat loss.
It is threatened by habitat degradation and destruction from agriculture and development as human settlement grows in the area.
Its natural habitats are tropical and subtropical moist lowland forests, swamps, intermittent freshwater marshes, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
Afrixalus orophilus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Dendropsophus virolinensis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
These frogs can be found in southwestern Europe and the Caucasus.
The marbled rubber frog is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
The bufonids now comprise more than 35 genera, Bufo being the most widespread and well known.
Pleurodema thaul is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
It is threatened by pollution and drainage of wetlands and breeding sites.
Exerodonta perkinsi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae otherwise known as the Perkins' tree frog.
Its natural habitats are forests, grasslands, and pasturelands, all of which are temperate.
Ctenophryne geayi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Isthmohyla picadoi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Leptobrachium xanthospilum is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
In former times, this species was known as a subspecies of the widespread but continental-distributed fire salamander, which may appear quite similar.
Arthroleptis adelphus occurs in lowland forests where it lives in leaf-litter on the forest floor.
It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
The red-backed poison frog is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae.
The North African fire salamander is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found in Algeria, Morocco, Spain, and possibly Tunisia.
It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
P. oreades skin secretions research has suggested therapeutic value, especially as an anti-T. cruzi agent to prevent infections during blood transfusion.
It is found from southeastern Alaska on May Island, through Washington and Oregon south to the mouth of the Gulala River, Sonoma County, California.
Heterixalus alboguttatus is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to Madagascar.
S. lacertina sirens are generally carnivorous and eat annelids, insects, snails, and small fishes, although they have also been observed to eat vegetation.
It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
They are called spikethumb because of the spike on their thumbs, which is called a prepollex.
Based on molecular evidence, it was transferred from Austrochaperina to Copiula in 2016.
Species within the Pseudophryne genus lay their eggs on moist ground.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and possibly Uganda.
The collection, 29 specimens at the Western Australian Museum, was reassigned as three syntypes; for this species, Litoria coplandi, and Litoria peronii.
Breeding takes place in standing water, possibly also in streams at high altitudes.
The Aru tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The edible frog  is a name for a common European frog, also known as the common water frog or green frog.
The Mongu shovelnose frog, Hemisus barotseensis, is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family, endemic to Zambia.
The green frog is a species of frog native to the eastern half of the United States and Canada.
It is known from only 27 sites, all occurring east and northeast of Walpole.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Scinax aromothyella is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Rana amurensis favors beetles, and consumes 1.2–2.5 g of food per day.
Elachistocleis surinamensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Guibemantis depressiceps is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, moist savanna, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are montane forests at elevations above 2,000 m above sea level.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rural gardens.
Approximately 1000 eggs are laid in a chain in still water.
The banded rubber frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Odontophrynus carvalhoi is a species of frog in the family Odontophrynidae.
However, only few female frogs were found.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
It is threatened by habitat loss and considered critically endangered due to its extremely limited range and small population size.
The species is threatened by habitat loss.
Pseudopaludicola canga is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
The rough-skinned newt or roughskin newt is a North American newt known for the strong toxin exuded from its skin.
The Sequoyah slimy salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Insufficient data are available to determine its conservation status.
Research is ongoing, and some sources suggest the current species may actually be multiple distinct species.
Ansonia albomaculata is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is common in China and portions of the Russian Far East, but relatively rare on the Korean Peninsula.
Phasmahyla is a genus of tree frogs.
Threats from altered ecology have made this a critically endangered species of Southwest Australia.
Amolops jaunsari is a species of frog found in Chakrata, Uttarakhand, India.
They live from sea level to more than 10,000 feet in many types of habitats, reproducing in aquatic settings.
According to the Amphibian Species of the World, it contains the following species:
Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland, temperate grassland, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Cope's gray tree frog is a species of tree frog found in the United States.
Its natural habitat is open, rocky surfaces, and crevices and depressions close to watercourses.
Scinax curicica, the lanceback treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Litoria megalops is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Theloderma gordoni is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Subsequent searches have been unsuccessful, and the species is likely to be extinct.
Brachycephalus olivaceus is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and rivers.
Bokermannohyla ibitiguara is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It has long been associated in popular culture and literature with witchcraft.
Habitat loss from agriculture, wood plantations, livestock grazing, logging, and human settlement is a threat to it.
Cardioglossa cyaneospila is a species of frog in the family Arthroleptidae.
Its coloring is usually brown but can be red, gray, or black.
The Main's frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
The Archaeobatrachia are a suborder of Anura containing various primitive frogs and toads.
Light-coloured areas are present around the nostrils, snout tip, and tentacles.
It is endemic to Mount Emei region, China.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Philautus petilus is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
It is endemic to California, found only a small area in Kern County, California.
Goniorhynchidae, Hapsidopareiontidae, Ostodolepidae, and Trihecatontidae appear in the Late Pennsylvanian and Early Permian.
The species is found throughout much of Sub-Saharan Africa, and in isolated, introduced populations in North America, South America, and Europe.
The larger, green species are usually arboreal and some only venture to the ground to breed.
The eastern golden frog is a species of true frog found in eastern and northeastern China.
They inhabit moist, forested mountains near small rivers, streams, and lakes.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is found in Brazil and possibly Bolivia.
Bolitoglossa flaviventris is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Copiula pipiens is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is endemic to the Cordillera de Talamanca, Costa Rica.
It is endemic to Mount Richard-Molard in Guinea, from forests at elevations of 650 to 1,250 m. It is threatened by habitat degradation from mining activities.
The marbled snout-burrower is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family.
Although the axolotl is colloquially known as a "walking fish", it is not a fish, but an amphibian.
Rhacophorus schlegelii is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
However, this frog has also been listed as an invasive species in the United States.
The Bocaina tree frog, Aplastodiscus callipygius, or perereca-verde, is a species of frogs in the family Hylidae, endemic to Brazil.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Panama, and Venezuela.
Gephyromantis salegy, commonly known as the Abolokopatrika Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Telmatobufo venustus is a species of frog in the family Calyptocephalellidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
But spring and summer bring drive to form amplexus, and the poorly travelled males will cry for a mate with four beats of the generic 'tk'.
It is threatened by habitat loss and habitat fragmentation.
The Mcdonald's Frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate grassland, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
At the western and northern borders, it hybridises with the Macedonian crested newt, the Danube crested newt, and the northern crested newt.
The first Brachycephalus species was identified in 1824, but most of the frog species were discovered since the year 2000.
It is currently classified as an Endangered species on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species because of habitat destruction.
Mantidactylus aerumnalis is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It has carnivorous feeding habits, and its diet includes crustaceans, insects, arachnids and gastropods.
Thus, it was argued that the synonymy should be the other way around.
The eggs are deposited in branches overhanging small pools.
Most likely, this is a species complex, composed of several species.
The mouth is recessed beneath the snout, and there is no tail.
The smooth-backed frog, Lithobates psilonota, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Mexico.
Choerophryne darlingtoni is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Amolops cremnobatus is a species of frogs in the Ranidae family that is found in Laos and Vietnam.
The Wanggao warty newt is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found only in China.
The IUCN lists it as being of "Least Concern".
Leptodactylus bufonius is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Although they could live on dry land, Paracyclotosaurus probably spent most of its time in water.
Its natural habitats are temperate grassland, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rocky areas.
It was first described by J. C. Nicholls in 1949.
It is found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
These west African frogs have been known to spontaneously change sex from female to male.
The southern toad is a true toad native to the southeastern United States, from eastern Louisiana and southeastern Virginia south to Florida.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea and is only known from the Adelbert Mountains, an isolated coastal range on the north coast of New Guinea.
Rana weiningensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to China.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grasslands, and rivers.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Choerophryne gunnari is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.
Amolops granulosus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to China.
The canebrake tree frogs comprise the Aplastodiscus genus of frogs in the Hylidae family, and are found in southern Brazil and Argentina.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and plantations .
Ptychohyla salvadorensis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras.
It is named for the biologist, Alfred R. Wallace, who collected the first specimen to be formally identified.
Some species have been found to bury their eggs in soil, although they are arboreal, and others attach their eggs to leaves.
Gastrotheca riobambae is kept as pet and is used in scientific experiments.
In Darwin's frog, they reside in the vocal sac until metamorphosis.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It was first named by Guilin Zhang, Yuan Wang, Marc E.H. Jones and Susan E. Evans in 2009 and the type species is Regalerpeton weichangensis.
The Arfak mountain tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Formerly very abundant, the species has declined for unknown reasons; it has also declined in suitable habitat, so habitat loss is not a sufficient explanation.
It is found in Brazil, Peru, possibly Bolivia, and possibly Colombia.
Its local name is Sapo-Rana Llanero or Rana Criolla; In Brazil it is known as Rã Manteiga; the latter term is also used for congeners elsewhere.
The Caucasian salamander is a species of stream-dwelling salamander in the Salamandridae family.
The Tsushima brown frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
It is found in Gabon, western Republic of the Congo, the Cabinda enclave of Angola, and western Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Hylarana jimiensis is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.
Heterixalus punctatus is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family endemic to Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are swamps, freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and coastal freshwater lagoons.
The scarlet harlequin toad or sapito arlequin de Soriano is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, and heavily degraded former forest.
Boophis brachychir is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, and heavily degraded former forest.
Gephyromantis luteus, commonly known as the White Folohy Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It is thought to be distributed in the hills of Kerala and Karnataka in India.
Scinax faivovichi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Despite living around 200 million years ago, Vieraella was anatomically very similar to modern frogs.
It has not been seen since 1990 and may now be extinct, but it is possible that overlooked populations remain.
Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Eleutherodactylus martinicensis is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family found in Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Guadeloupe, Martinique, and Saint Lucia.
The Fazil Lycian salamander, Lyciasalamandra fazilae, is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found only in Turkey.
The Ecuadorian Climbing Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The Husain's caecilian Ichthyophis husaini was until 2016 considered a separate species.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rocky areas.
Arthroleptis zimmeri, Zimmer's screeching frog, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
It is found in the Bengal region of Bangladesh and India as well as in Assam and southern Nepal.
Placed in Rana when this was still loosely circumscribed, it was since assigned to the "water frog" genus Pelophylax.
It is only known from one specimen collected in the 1920s and is feared to be extinct.
Isthmohyla xanthosticta is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its common name refers to its type locality, though it is also known under names blind caecilian and pink blind caecilian.
Individual frogs of this species are often found elsewhere, having been accidentally relocated by transported fruit boxes.
Its natural habitats are rivers, swamps, freshwater lakes, and freshwater marshes.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
The white-spotted slimy salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae endemic to the Eastern United States.
Carrizo's tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Argentina.
Odorrana indeprensa  is a true frog species in the Ranidae family, described first by Bain and Stuart 2006.
It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, and Panama.
It is also found in western Panama.
Its natural habitat is temperateforests and is threatened by habitat loss.
An intensively monitored population in one Cormandel site declined by 88% from 1996 to 2001, but in many areas where frogs previously were common, none remain.
That taxon was erroneously thought to refer to the Ryūkyū brown frog until recently.
Gephyromantis enki, commonly known as the Ambatolahy Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The name of the frog means "rock-loving" and it mountain rainforest boulder fields of Northern Queensland.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and possibly Burundi.
All species of Eleutherodactylus are characterized by direct development in which eggs hatch into small frogs, the tadpole stage being passed in the egg itself.
Cophixalus zweifeli is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The syntypes are believed to be at the Natural History Museum, Vienna, possibly including the specimen NHMW 2673.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
Churamiti maridadi is a species of toad endemic to Tanzania and only known from its type locality in the Mamiwa-Kisara Forest Reserve in the Ukaguru Mountains.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The discovery of new frog species is difficult.
It probably occurs more widely than current records suggest in Southeast Asia, especially in areas between known sites.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Cryptothylax is a small genus of hyperoliid frogs found in the Congo Basin.
First described by zoologist George Albert Boulenger in 1913, P. aurotaenia is known for being one of the most poisonous frogs in the world.
Wright's mountain tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Mexico and the United States.
Barygenys cheesmanae is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Scinax danae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Alabama waterdog is a medium-sized perennibranch salamander inhabiting rivers and streams of Alabama.
Its specialized habitat and extremely confined distribution, combined with increasing pressure from tourism, warrant classifying this species as Critically Endangered.
The eggs undergo direct development, hatching into miniature frogs, without a tadpole stage.
Hyla wrightorum has been regarded as a synonym of Hyla eximia, which is listed as the state amphibian of Arizona.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Its natural habitats are pine and pine-oak forests at high elevations.
It is endemic to Mexico and known only from Sierra de Malinaltepec, a part of Sierra Madre del Sur in the Guerrero state.
Raorchestes bobingeri is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.
The Kelley’s Island salamander was synonymized with A. texanum in 1995.
Liophryne dentata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Ansonia siamensis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Hyperolius rhodesianus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
It presumably is ecologically similar to Hymenochirus boettgeri, an aquatic frog that occurs in still, shaded water in lowland rainforest, and in pools by slow-flowing rivers.
The desert tree frog or little red tree frog is a tree frog native to Australia, southern New Guinea, and Timor.
Dendropsophus dutrai is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Hamilton's frog is a primitive frog native to New Zealand, one of only four extant species belonging to the family Leiopelmatidae.
The holotype is held at the Auckland War Memorial Museum.
Nimbaphrynoides liberiensis is a species of toad from highlands in the Mount Nimba region of Liberia.
While thought not to be rare, it is threatened by habitat loss caused by cattle pasture and agriculture including sugar, coffee and exotic trees.
Scutiger sikimmensis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It is sometimes named for the nearby towns, thus the Nornalup or Walpole frog.
It is kept as a pet, but pet trade is not occurring at levels that would constitute a threat.
The San Gabriel slender salamander is a species of salamander.
They usually have irregular black spots that range all over their body.
It might be a subspecies of Afrixalus aureus, a position adopted by the AmphibiaWeb.
Its habitat is suffering from degradation and fragmentation caused by logging and clearance for agriculture and coastal development, posing threats to this species.
Male G. tientaiensis measure 44 mm and female 51 mm in length.
P. pakenhami is sometimes considered to be the same species as P. acridoides; though very similar in appearance, they differ in habitat preference and mating calls.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is listed as endangered by the IUCN.
Heleioporus is a genus of frogs native to Australia.
The type for Litoria watjulumensis was collected near Watjulum mission "close to Yampi Sound, north of King Sound".
Plectrohyla pachyderma is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is named after Helen Gaige, an American herpetologist.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Bufonoidea was a proposed superfamily of frogs.
It is endemic to Cerro Autana, Venezuela and possibly Cuao-Sipapo and it was named for Venezuelan explorer Charles Brewer-Carías.
Kassina somalica, sometimes known as the Somali running frog, is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Odorrana orba is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Laos and Vietnam.
This species was once included in the genus Litoria.
Atelopus chrysocorallus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Venezuela.
The Medellin Climbing Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The tentacles are placed ventrally, close to the lip.
Hyperolius rhizophilus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Threats to this species include logging, plantation of pines, spread of small-scale subsistence farming, and use of fire to manage grasslands.
Arthroleptis wahlbergii, the bush squeaker, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
However, because of confusion with Theloderma albopunctatus and Theloderma baibengensis, it is known with certainty from its type locality in Peninsular Malaysia.
Oreophryne geislerorum is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Eogyrinus appears to have been a powerful swimmer that moved quickly through the water by swishing its long tail from side to side.
It is currently threatened by water pollution.
The smoky jungle frog is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Afrixalus upembae is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, subtropical or tropical dry forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes from Mount Tamborine to Nerang.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and caves.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
The type locality is in the Tsavo East National Park.
Plectrohyla arborescandens is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rocky areas.
Barygenys maculata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Bulmer's tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Atelopus guitarraensis, the La Guitarra stubfoot toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Colombia.
The Taliang knobby newt is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family.
The Kanaima tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Guyana and possibly Brazil and Venezuela.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Copiula oxyrhina is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
It is part of a complex of species, the Geocrinia roseate frogs, which were previously placed in the genus Crinia by Harrison.
It is endemic to a 20 ha area near Margaret River in Southwest Australia.
Atelopus balios, the Rio Pescado stubfoot toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Hypsiboas exastis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The holotype is missing and the status of the species was uncertain till 2010.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Scinax lindsayi is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is strongly associated with Wallum swampland.
Proceratophrys phyllostomus is a species of frog in the Odontophrynidae family.
They are small toads of the fire-bellied toad family, Bombinatoridae, found in the Philippines and Borneo.
Chiasmocleis gnoma is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
They use their sensitive fingers, sense of smell, and lateral line system to find food.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rural gardens.
Hyperolius mariae is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
It is a poorly known species that has not been collected since it was first described, based on a single specimen collected in 1920.
This Critically endangered species is threatened by habitat loss, and mining of iron ore and bauxite.
The lesser slender salamander is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and possibly Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
But as Odorrana and Staurois from comparable habitat prove, this sucker is by no means a necessity and other means of adaptation to torrent habitat exist.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
The species is only know from its type locality.
Brachycephalus brunneus is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family endemic to Brazil, known only from Pico Caratuva, Campina Grande do Sul, Paraná.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Phyllobates bicolor, also known as the black-legged poison frog, bicolored dart frog or neari in Choco, is the second-most toxic of the wild poison dart frogs.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The 41 species in the family Pipidae are found in tropical South America and sub-Saharan Africa.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The valley and ridge salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae endemic to the Appalachian Mountains in the Eastern United States.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, plantations, and heavily degraded former forest.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, arable land, pastureland, rural gardens, and urban areas.
The Mount Glorious day frog, also known as Mount Glorious torrent frog and southern day frog, is an extinct species of frog native to south-east Queensland.
The Italian tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, found in Italy, Slovenia, Switzerland, and possibly San Marino.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, and plantations.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
It is endemic to Borneo and is, as currently defined, found in Kalimantan, Sabah and Sarawak, and Labi, Belait.
Exerodonta pinorum is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
The javelin frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Australia.
This frog requires still waters for breeding, and is rarely found at any great distance from its breeding ponds or marshes.
Geocrinia leai, is a frog which is sometimes given the euphemism, Lea's Frog; which is of course derived from its name.
Its natural habitats are rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Larger than most Australian frogs, the Australian green tree frog reaches 10 cm or more in length.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The species has been the subject of some controversy regarding its validity.
The Cerro Pando Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Palmer's tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, and Panama.
It is endemic to the Huon Peninsula in Papua New Guinea.
It is gray with brown and black washes, white speckling along the sides, and usually a brownish dorsal stripe bordered with black dots.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Burmeister's tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Brazil.
Hyperolius thoracotuberculatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Rhombophryne minuta is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
The Indonesian caecilian, Ichthyophis bernisi, is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to Indonesia.
Hylomantis buckleyi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
Its natural habitat is temperate forests and it is threatened by habitat loss.
It has an orange triangle on the snout.
They are sometimes collectively referred to as Australasian treefrogs.
Platypelis tetra is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
When threatened, it raises its tail and legs, displaying its red underside as a deterrent.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its specific name was chosen by the Italian herpetologist Lorenzo Camerano in order to honour his master Michele Lessona.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Rhacophorus monticola is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Indonesia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The Oruge tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
The skull measured 15 millimetres, and large, forward-facing eyes, suggesting a hunting lifestyle.
Eggs are laid in gelatinous strings in the water and later hatch out into tadpoles.
Exerodonta juanitae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Species in the genus Hyperolius may display different colouration and patterns during day and night.
The Cape clawed frog, Cape platanna or Gill's platanna is a species of frog in the Pipidae family endemic to South Africa.
The Kassam tree frog is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Common names Byangolo frog and De Saeger's river frog have been coined for it.
It was thought to be extinct for 156 years until it was rediscovered on November 22, 2009 from the Peak Wilderness, Central Hills of Sri Lanka.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Rana coreana was previously included in this species as a subspecies.
The Cumberland dusky salamander is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.
It was described by Edward Harrison Taylor in 1960.
It is very common in the high altitudes of Sikkimese Himalaya.
Tuditanids are thought to have had a similar lifestyle to reptiles such as captorhinids.
Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, arable land and ponds.
All of the species show bright yellow or red bellies, but this feature is not unique to this genus.
It has a widespread latitudinal range along the eastern slopes of the Andes of Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are chaparral and woodlands, temperate forests, temperate shrubland, and temperate grassland on the Channel Islands of California.
It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
The eggs are laid in foam nests hidden from light.
Its natural habitats are swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Phyllomedusa tetraploidea is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It was first discovered along the Maracanã River in Brazil.
The Robust Climbing Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Their fossils have been found in North America, and was up to 2 m long, with a 23 cm skull.
Breeding time is between September and February.
Arthroleptis variabilis is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Forty-nine species are recognized, but most are not well understood and their taxonomic status can vary greatly by source.
The Surinam golden-eyed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, French Guiana, Peru, Suriname, and possibly Colombia.
The internal viscera, including the heart, liver, and gastrointestinal tract, are visible through the skin, hence the common name is given as glass frog.
Kalophrynus punctatus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations .
Scinax ranki is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The webbing on the feet ranges between species, from very little, to almost complete.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The Black Mountain boulder frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The family includes only a single genus, Dicamptodon.
The Shoemaker Frog is an Australian Frog which lives in Western Australia.
Nyctimystes is a genus of tree frog in the Hylidae family.
Rhinella abei is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
Hyperolius ferrugineus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, intermittent freshwater lakes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its adult length can range from 5 to 8 in.
It is endemic to Khasi Hills of India.
The IUCN Red list gives the conservation status of least concern, and notes the population trend as stable.
According to Kuzmin et al., it is not definitely known to be present in South Korea.
The yellow-bellied toad belongs to the order Anura, the archaeobatrachial family Bombinatoridae, and the genus of fire-bellied toads.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
They are usually a rusty brown color and can grow to an average length of 33 cm.
Anodonthyla montana is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Mantidactylus ambreensis is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
The Lower Andes tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Peru.
Stumpffia gimmeli is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
The larvae presumably develop in the water.
Its colouring, largely brown, perhaps mottled, reveals another distinction between the species.
It is the only vertebrate known to be capable of this.
It is found in China and Vietnam.
Dendropsophus labialis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, known commonly as the green dotted treefrog.
Leptophryne is a small genus of true toads with only two species, found in southeast Asia, in Peninsular Thailand through the Malay Peninsula.
Dendropsophus elegans is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Once considered a delicacy as a source of food, it is now threatened by habitat loss through deforestation, and predation by introduced mongooses.
It is found in the highlands of central Vietnam as well as in extreme northeastern Cambodia.
Nectophrynoides wendyae is a species of toad endemic to Tanzania.
During the dry season, it has been recorded in marshes and streams, grasses and heathers.
The only known population has undergone a dramatic decline.
Previously unknown from Laos, it has now been found in Phongsali Province and at Luang Prabang.
Typically, true frogs are smooth and moist-skinned, with large, powerful legs and extensively webbed feet.
It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, and possibly Brunei.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater lakes, and freshwater marshes.
The toad was first described in 1984 and has not been seen since, as it is hard to find and thought to be rare.
The blacksmith tree frog is a frog species in the family Hylidae found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.
It is considered to be of least concern from a conservation standpoint by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Hyperolius molleri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
It is the only species in the genus Spicospina.
Amolops longimanus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Myanmar and possibly China.
The Zacapa Salamander, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
After his research permits were withdrawn by the Department of Conservation, Waldman subsequently left New Zealand.
The loud big-eyed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Leptodactylus plaumanni is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
They are distinguishable from other Australian myobatrachids by the T-shaped pad at the end of each finger and toe.
It is also called the mottled shovelnose frog and marbled shovelnose frog.
The Monte Escondido salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Common name Cuzco Cochran frog has been coined for it.
A leopard frog can mean any frog of about 14 species within the true frog genus Lithobates.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and swamps.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
Scinax hiemalis is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The ornate tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Gastrotheca zeugocystis is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Oreophryne zimmeri is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, swamps, freshwater marshes, rural gardens, urban areas, heavily degraded former forests, and ponds.
Tuditanids were medium-sized terrestrial microsaurs that resembled lizards.
It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
It is endemic to Costa Rica where it is found in Cordillera de Tilarán and Cordillera Central.
The ornate burrowing frog, is a species of ground frog native to Australia.
The Sardinian tree frog or Tyrrhenian tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, found in Corsica, Sardinia, and the Tuscan Archipelago.
The White-spotted Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
There are only three known members of the Cryptobranchidae family: the Japanese and Chinese giant salamanders and the Eastern hellbender.
Oedipina stenopodia is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Leptodactylus fuscus is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
However, they have two sets of muscles for closing the jaw, a feature unique to caecilians, but absent in the related family Rhinatrematidae.
The Cape Melville tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is a terrestrial species typically found hidden in burrows or under rotten logs or big rocks.
It is one of Australia's most widely distributed frogs, inhabiting northern Australia, including desert regions and much of temperate eastern Australia.
The type series was collected by Emmett Reid Dunn and his wife from "Summit" in the Panama Canal Zone in 1932.
Scutiger nyingchiensis is a species of toad found in the Himalayas.
Aquiloeurycea galeanae is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
There have been other recommendations by scientist and other groups made to protect this species.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, and caves.
It probably breeds in streams like other species of the genus.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, temperate grassland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and rivers.
The Weller's Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda.
It can be found in the protected area of Emas National Park.
The Beautiful Mantella is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Within South Korea, it is found chiefly in the high mountain valleys of Gangwon province, including the Gwangdeoksan and Daeseongsan regions.
The turtle frog is found in between Geraldton and Fitzgerald River in the Perth region, Western Australia.
Atretochoana reaches 100 cm in length, but other species in the family range from 20 to 60 cm.
The pupil restrict to form a vertical slit and the tympanum is usually distinct.
It is found in Brazil, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Oreophryne notata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is found in Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Zambia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Ansonia mcgregori is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
It is endemic to northern Argentina and known from Córdoba and Santiago del Estero Provinces.
The Wushan salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family.
Pseudoeurycea gadovii is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
However, the hylids include a diversity of frog species, many of which do not live in trees, but are terrestrial or semiaquatic.
Habitat loss is a threat to it.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The southern giant salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Bokermannohyla alvarengai is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The skull is highly ossified in order to resist anteroposteriorly directed forces.
Males are warty, while females are smooth.
The Shaping horned toad is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Kassina jozani is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Hyperolius picturatus is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
Hyperolius schoutedeni is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
They were terrestrial and likely fed on insects and other small arthropods.
They are commonly known as waterdogs and mudpuppies.
Scutiger chintingensis, also known as the Chinting lazy toad or Chinting alpine toad, is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
It is found in Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, Nepal, and possibly Bhutan.
It is endemic to Madagascar, where it has a wide distribution across the eastern side of the island.
Boophis reticulatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It probably breeds in both permanent and temporary bodies of water.
It is found in the states near New Jersey in the United States.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, intermittent freshwater marshes, plantations, rural gardens, heavily degraded former forests, and irrigated land.
It might be a species complex, with the "true" R. laevipes restricted to northern Madagascar.
Crinia is a genus of frog, native to Australia, and part of the family Myobatrachidae.
These frogs, belonging to the microhylid family have round bodies with mahogany brown backs and cream stomachs.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by small-scale farming and wood extraction.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
It is the only member of the monotypic genus Churamiti.
Journalist Toyohiro Akiyama carried some Japanese tree frogs with him during his trip to the Mir space station in December 1990.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Scaphiophryne brevis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Scinax funereus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The species is a member of the family Plethodontidae, which is characterized by being lungless and reproductive direct development.
It occurs in Ranomafana, Midongy du sud, and Andringitra National Parks.
A yellow lateral stripe starts at the neck and reaches the tip of the tail.
Rueppel’s big-eyed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea and is only known from its type locality near Kowat in the Adelbert Range, Madang Province.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and swamps.
Brongersma's tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
It is the faunal emblem of the City of Brisbane.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, and rocky areas.
Chiasmocleis centralis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Mantidactylus femoralis is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated it as being "critically endangered".
Opisthothylax is a monotypic frog genus in the family Hyperoliidae.
It is endemic to southeastern Brazil and is known from the southern Espírito Santo and adjacent Minas Gerais.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Austrochaperina kosarek is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
They are relatively small sized caecilians ranging from 23 centimetres to 30 centimetres in length.
It is threatened by habitat loss and by infection of the amphibian chytrid fungus.
The city is currently working on conserving axolotls by building "axolotl shelters" and conserving remaining and potential habitats for the salamanders.
Habitat loss loss might pose some threat to it.
Leptodactylus mystacinus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
All of its species are endemic to Madagascar.
It is endemic to Northern and Eastern Madagascar.
There are five subspecies of L. dumerilii, each with different skin coloration.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Its natural habitats are rivers, intermittent rivers, and freshwater springs.
Although not immediately threatened, crested and marbled newts suffer from population declines, caused mainly by habitat loss and fragmentation.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
In addition, dried toad skins have been prescribed as remedies for dropsy and other ailments.
Also uniquely amongst tetrapods, the scolecomorphids lack a stapes bone in the middle ear.
It is threatened by habitat destruction and has been rated as "endangered" by the IUCN.
Dendropsophus marmoratus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Chapa frog or glandular-sided frog is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
It is listed on CITES Appendix II.
Scinax rostratus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
They are endemic to Eastern Arc forests and wetlands in Tanzania, and all except N. tornieri are threatened.
Humerana humeralis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
The species in this genus show great similarities in body shape and colouration making them difficult to tell apart.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, and heavily degraded former forest.
Phylogenetic analyses of the genus indicate that this toad is sister species to Scutiger chintingensis.
This, in combination with the very small breeding population size, has made IUCN consider H. amjiensis as Critically Endangered.
Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata, commonly known as the dotted humming frog, is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is found in crevices and under slabs in rocky areas adjacent to shrublands on the bare sandstone summit of Ptari-tepui.
Gephyromantis leucocephalus, commonly known as the Midongy Madagascar Frog, is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
In June 2012, the species was described as new to science by Luis A. Coloma et al.
It is a burrowing frog that is common in rain-filled temporary pools, its breeding habitat.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and rivers.
It was originally only known from a specimen found around 1960 but was rediscovered again at the original location and a new one at Vanatinai.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The finger disks are round; the fingers with a reduced webbing; eyes and tympanum are large.
Pseudoeurycea cochranae is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The species is evolutionary significant due to its unusual ZW karyotype.
Its natural habitats are temperate grassland, rivers, freshwater marshes, ponds, irrigated land, and canals and ditches.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, and ponds.
Jordan's casque-headed tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
The assignment of the genus to a taxonomic family is hotly debated.
The San Simeon slender salamander is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.
It is found in western Guizhou and north-eastern Yunnan, China.
Dumerilii retain their larval characters throughout their entire life.
It is a common frog with no major threats.
If it is treated as a separate family, it consists of two genera, Gastrotheca, and Flectonotus.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Buckley's slender-legged tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
They have imperforated stapes and no inner mandibular teeth.
The female broods her eggs in a pouch on her back, then carries the tadpoles to a pool where they develop further.
The Hida salamander is a species of salamander in the family Hynobiidae, the Asiatic salamanders.
This species obtained its name due to its normally yellow or orange body with black or dark blue hindlegs and forelimbs below the elbow.
Ichthyophis peninsularis is a species of caecilian found in India.
Bageherpeton is an extinct genus of Temnospondyli Archegosauridae on Upper Permian period of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
It has been listed as a threatened species by the Mexican Government and as "critically endangered" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
They have developed short muscular limbs to help them dig into the sand but, unlike most frogs, they dig forward, like a turtle.
Their habitat is primarily the soil of the tropical forest floor.
The genus is found in southeastern Brazil as well as in the Orinoco Basin in Venezuela, Colombia, and Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swamps and swamps.
The Calyptocephalella genus contains one species, C. gayi, the helmeted water toad, which is a large aquatic toad weighing up to 0.5 kg.
However, the species is likely to occur also in the Indonesian part of New Guinea.
It is endemic to Honduras and was first described in 1996.
Its discovery also adds to the evidence that Madagascar and the Seychelles separated from the Indian landmass sometime well after the breakup of Gondwana had started.
Discosauriscus was a small reptiliomorph,It lived in what is now Central and Western Europe in the Early Permian Period.
The skull is specialised and light, very like that of Ophiderpeton, with the orbits, far forward, and the cheek region unossified.
Arthroleptis reichei is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
Atelopus dimorphus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Peru.
It is threatened by habitat loss and the spread of chytridiomycosis.
"Eleutherodactylus" bilineatus is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.
Rana iriodes is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater lakes, and freshwater marshes.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its local name is rana debigotes, meaning approximately "mustachioed frog".
The Bantam caecilian is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family of caecilians, endemic to Indonesia.
Pseudophilautus stellatus, commonly known as Kelaart's starry shrub frog, is a frog species in the Rhacophoridae family which is endemic to Sri Lanka.
Polypedates taeniatus is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
They go through paedomorphosis and retain their external gills, thus resembling axolotls.
Adults reach lengths of 12 cm and breed from August to early September.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
The brownback salamander is a species of brook salamander.
Exerodonta bivocata is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The species was described in 2007 by Constantin Grach, Yeshurun Plesser and Yehudah L. Werner in a paper they co-authored in the Journal of Natural History.
Afrixalus quadrivittatus is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
It is found in the north-central Chiapas, Mexico, and the adjacent Guatemalan Sierra de los Cuchumatanes.
Afrixalus schneideri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
It inhabits seasonally wet pine flatwoods and pine savannas east of the Apalachicola River in northern Florida, southern South Carolina, and southern Georgia.
It is found only in Shuangyan Pond, 1310 m, Zhijin County, Guizhou Province, People's Republic of China.
It can be found near the Araguaia River and near Itiquira.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and rivers.
The underside is whitish with dark mottling on the throat.
It is unknown how the frog got in the bowels of the pig
It is endemic to the Sierra Madre Oriental in Veracruz, Mexico.
Pelophylax demarchii is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, freshwater springs, rocky areas, and caves.
Frost used the name in this sense in the frog section of a North American common names list edited by Crother.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Its scientific name comes from its azure color.
These small tree frogs spend their adult lives in trees and forests, and in breeding season gather around water sources to mate.
Dendropsophus melanargyreus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
The members of this genus are commonly known as the false brook salamanders.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Hyperolius parkeri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Savage's brook frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in Costa Rica and Panama.
Its natural habitats are lowland tropical forest and thorn forest below 150 m above sea level.
They have bumpy, rough skin giving them the appearance of a small toad, hence the name "toadlet", although they are often called "gungans" in Queensland.
Ameerega berohoka is a species of poison dart frog that is endemic to Goiás and Mato Grosso in Brazil.
It lays eggs in a group on a leaf, which hatch into tadpoles and fall off into the water.
The Odaigahara salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to Japan.
The Eastern Sign-bearing Froglet is a small, ground dwelling frog native to eastern Australia.
Adult salamanders spend most of the year underground in burrows, especially those of crayfish, where they feed on a variety of small invertebrates.
Agalychnis is a genus of tree frogs native to forests in Mexico, Central America and northwestern South America.
An old reported sighting on its namesake Praslin is not known to be correct.
It may face threats from small-scale farming in the area.
It is found at intermediate-high altitudes and has a phytotelm-breeding reproductive strategy.
The name Rhacophorus bimaculatus was also used for Rhacophorus bipunctatus, Rhacophorus cyanopunctatus and Rhacophorus gauni.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
It is an arboreal insectivorous species, and is the second-most poisonous species in the genus, after R. variabilis.
It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
Its type locality is "Yoruba"; however, this seems erroneous as the holotype appears to be an Asian member of the family Rhacophoridae.
Brachytarsophrys chuannanensis is a species of frog in the Megophryidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are rainforest and dry forests.
The palmated chorus frog is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
It is 3.8 to 6.3 cm long and is usually colored gray, olive or brown.
It is endemic to Sri Lanka, where it is found in the south-west of the island at elevations between 30 and 1,230 m.
The Blue Ridge gray-cheeked salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae endemic to the United States.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
They are therefore among the anurans commonly known as "flying frogs".
Aplastodiscus ehrhardti is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Makumunu Assumbo caecilian, Idiocranium russeli, is a species of African caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, pastureland, and heavily degraded former forests.
The southern Appalachian salamander, scientific name Plethodon teyahalee, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Leptodactylus lithonaetes is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
The New River tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and possibly Brazil.
Choerophryne allisoni is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Due to its large geographic range, some taxonomic researchers have suggested splitting P. glutinosus into several distinct species, but this is not widely accepted.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, and heavily degraded former forest.
Peter's Climbing Salamander, or Bolitoglossa adspersa is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, moist savanna, rivers, intermittent rivers, intermittent freshwater marshes, and rural gardens.
Adult males are 8–14 cm in length, and adult females 7–11 cm.
Its distribution and population have been assessed to be below 800 individuals and the status of the species has been updated as Endangered by the IUCN.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Stumpffia grandis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Hylambates dorsalis is a name given to a frog specimen now in the Berlin Zoological Museum.
It is found in Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam.
Charles Darwin's frog, Ingerana charlesdarwini, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
They didn't make a change to the taxology of the species though.
Cycloramphus catarinensis is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.
The Cooloola sedge frog or Cooloola tree frog is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
It occurs in West and Middle Africa between Sierra Leone in the west and Gabon in the east/south.
It is endemic to the Itombwe and Kabobo highlands in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is considered an important indicator species of environmental health.
Boophis mandraka is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
The tadpoles of S. sechellensis are carried, abnormally, on the backs of the female frogs until metamorphosis.
This species can be differentiated from other members of genus Phyllodytes by the double row of papillae surrounding its mouth.
The species belongs to the genus Litoria.
The Heleophrynidae are a family of order Anura, commonly known as ghost frogs.
Oedipina gracilis is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
To the north is a similar salamander, Eurycea bislineata, or the northern two-lined salamander.
It is generally a common species, but habitat loss through deforestation is a threat to it.
The Millville Climbing Salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
The larvae have a single spiracle on the left side and complex mouthparts, or in some species, undergo direct development.
It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
The Sagalla caecilian is a worm-like amphibian first described in 2005.
Triprion is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family found in the Pacific lowlands of Mexico, the Yucatán Peninsula, and Guatemala.
Its coloration is a strange pattern of black blotches on a red-brown base.
Its natural habitats are humid lowland and montane forests and pastures below 700 m above sea level.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The first and second fingers are nearly equal and there is a single sub-articular tubercle.
Paradoxophyla tiarano is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.
Hyperolius diaphanus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Pseudopaludicola pusilla is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.
Phyllobates is a genus of poison dart frogs native to Central and South America, from Nicaragua to Colombia.
The Japanese clawed salamander is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Japan.
Their geographic range within Australia is less than 100 km2.
They have four well-developed limbs, with four toes on the fore limbs, and five toes on the hind limbs.
As of 2008, it had not been recorded since 1976 at the type locality.
