Unlike their neighbor cells, M cells have the unique ability to take up antigen from the lumen of the small intestine via endocytosis, phagocytosis, or transcytosis.
It is a former British Colony endowed with rich mineral resources.
The largest of these recesses is called lacuna magna, which is situated on the upper surface of the fossa navicularis.
In particular, they have highest sensitivity when sensing vibrations between 10 and 50 Hertz.
The first-order axons make contact with second order neurons at the gracile and cuneate nuclei in the lower medulla.
The otolithic membrane is weighted with small densely packed protein-calcium carbonate granules called statoconica.
In the smaller portal triads, the four vessels lie in a network of connective tissue and are surrounded on all sides by hepatocytes.
These types are distinguished by their physical and functional characteristics.
behind the styloid process, for the tendons of the Extensores carpi radialis longus and brevis;
The fontanelle allows the skull to deform during birth to ease its passage through the birth canal and for expansion of the brain after birth.
Follicular fluid is a liquid which fills the follicular antrum and surrounds the ovum in an ovarian follicle.
Embryologically, the trigone of the bladder is derived from the caudal end of mesonephric ducts, which is of mesodermal origin.
The antihelix divides above into two legs or crura; the crura antihelicis, between which is a triangular depression, the fossa triangularis.
Papillary Tumors of the Pineal Region are located on the pineal gland which is located in the center of the brain.
There are seven specific inter tarsal joints in the human foot:
It is located between the costal margins and the subcostal plane.
It lies between the cerebellum and the medulla oblongata.
There are two types of cilia: motile cilia and nonmotile, or primary cilia, which typically serve as sensory organelles.
The interarytenoid fold is a small ligament in the posterior larynx.
Nonchromaffin paraganglia include carotid bodies and aortic bodies, some are distributed in the ear, along the vagus nerve, in the larynx and at various other places.
The term "urogenital diaphragm" is often confused with the pelvic diaphragm, which is a true diaphragm supporting many of the pelvic organs.
Some sources equate the "aortic bodies" and "paraaortic bodies", while other sources explicitly distinguish between the two.
The human choroid is thickest at the far extreme rear of the eye, while in the outlying areas it narrows to 0.1 mm.
The internal orifice of the uterus is an interior narrowing of the uterine cavity.
The nose has an area of specialised cells which are responsible for smelling.
The four intrinsic muscles alter the shape of the tongue and are not attached to bone.
The otolithic membrane is a fibrous structure located in the vestibular system of the inner ear.
The superficial layer is thick, loose, areolar in texture, and contains in its meshes much adipose tissue, the amount of which varies in different subjects.
The crypts greatly increase the contact surface between environmental influences and lymphoid tissue.
Histologically it is marked by medullary collecting ducts converging to form a papillary duct to channel the fluid.
The anal valves join together the lower ends of the anal columns.
Papillary ducts represent the most distal portion of the collecting duct system.
In humans the reticularis layer does contain 17 alpha-hydroxylase; this hydroxylates pregnenolone, which is then converted to cortisol by a mixed function oxidase.
in 2003  and were introduced in the World Health Organization classification of Central Nervous System in 2007.
Occasionally, it may be a single vein rather than a venous plexus.
It is regarded as a rudimentary intervertebral fibrocartilage, and in it traces of the notochord may persist.
In eukaryotes, motile cilia and flagella together make up a group of organelles known as undulipodia.
The rostral region aids in the production of both somatostatin and thyroid releasing hormone.
More specifically, it is the projection on the breasts or udder of a mammal by which, in females, breast milk is delivered to a mother's young.
Bone tissue forms the rigid part of the bones that make up the skeleton.
The epithelium is surrounded by a band of smooth muscle that helps to propel the sperm toward the epididymis.
The sagittal suture is a dense, fibrous connective tissue joint between the two parietal bones of the skull.
The lips mark the transition from mucous membrane to skin, which covers most of the body.
An arterial thrombus may partially obstruct blood flow, causing downstream ischemia, or may completely obstruct it, causing downstream tissue death.
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 1.
Rectus capitis posterior major - above and medially
The main superficial veins of the forearm are the cephalic, median antebrachial and the basilic vein.
Neurulation refers to the folding process in vertebrate embryos, which includes the transformation of the neural plate into the neural tube.
From these blood islands, the hematopoietic cells and vasculature are formed shortly after.
The palmar aponeurosis invests the muscles of the palm, and consists of central, lateral, and medial portions.
The cervical spinal nerve 5 is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment.
It extends from a point in the second left intercostal space, about 2.5 mm.
The frontal lobe is associated with executive functions including self-control, planning, reasoning, and abstract thought, while the occipital lobe is dedicated to vision.
Its main purpose in many animals is to supply vital proteins to the cell.
The crista terminalis provides the origin for the pectinate muscles.
The supracondylar process of the humerus is a bony projection on the anteromedial aspect of the upper arm bone, about 5 cm above the medial epicondyle.
The pancreatic islets are arranged in density routes throughout the human pancreas, and are important in the metabolism of glucose.
The term also refers to a layer of cells lying immediately below the epidermis of plants.
A few of its fibers pass to the lateral column of the same side and to the gray matter at the base of the posterior column.
Papillary ducts are anatomical structures of the kidneys, previously known as the ducts of Bellini.
It ensures frictionless motion between the biceps tendon and the proximal radius during pronation and supination of the forearm.
Furthermore, the central canal of the spinal cord extends 5 to 6 cm beyond the conus medullaris, downward into the filum terminale.
It is popularly referred to as "Apollo".
The dura surrounds the brain and the spinal cord and is responsible for keeping in the cerebrospinal fluid.
The urethral crest is an anatomical feature present in the urinary system of both males and females.
They are deeper in the pylorus than they are in the other parts of the stomach.
these surfaces are smooth, and covered with cartilage, which is continuous with that of the ankle joint.
At the same time the charges on the GAG chains attract ions and water molecules by the Donnan effect.
The jejunum is considered to begin at the attachment of the suspensory muscle of the duodenum to the duodenum, a location called the duodenojejunal flexure.
Autonomic functions include control of respiration, cardiac regulation, vasomotor activity, and certain reflex actions such as coughing, sneezing, swallowing and vomiting.
There are two atria in the human heart, which receive blood - the left atrium from the lungs, and the right atrium from the venous circulation.
However, the positive point, at which the action potential starts, varies between cells.
Immature dendritic cells are also called veiled cells, as they possess large cytoplasmic 'veils' rather than dendrites.
The renal pelvis is the location of several kinds of kidney cancer.
The neuroimmune system and peripheral immune system are structurally distinct.
S cells are also one of the main producers of cyclosamatin.
Equating the torus with its tonsil however might be seen as incorrect or imprecise.
Children with developmental dysplasia of the hips are born with uneven gluteal folds and can be diagnosed with physical examination and sonogram.
The epineurium is usually most abundant around joints, as its function is to protect the nerves from stretching and subsequent injury.
The Latin language uses the word vellus to designate "a fleece" or "wool".
The anus is an opening at the opposite end of an animal's digestive tract from the mouth.
It is an endocrine gland producing several important hormones, including insulin, glucagon, somatostatin, and pancreatic polypeptide which circulate in the blood.
This use of the word subluxation should not be confused with the term's precise anatomic usage, which considers only the anatomical relationships."
The cystic artery lies within the cystohepatic triangle, which is used to locate it during a laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Crowns are used most commonly to entirely cover a damaged tooth or cover an implant.
The word is used even at the microanatomic level, where cells can have processes such as cilia or pedicels.
The subserosa is to a serous membrane what the submucosa is to a mucous membrane.
The various cells of the glands secrete mucus, pepsinogen, hydrochloric acid, intrinsic factor, gastrin, histamine and bicarbonate.
In only 5–10% of teeth, there is a space between the enamel and the cementum at which the underlying dentin is exposed.
During urination, the urine is passed from the bladder through the urethra to the outside of the body.
Also, the valves of Heister are susceptible to lacerations and were a serious obstacle to the surgical canalization.
They are named for Astley Cooper, who first described them in 1840.
Recent studies show that it has a more significant role in memory functions than in emotions.
The RM is composed of "minute-fiddle-shaped cuticular structures" called the phalangeal extensions of the outer hair cells, interspaced with extensions coming from the outer phalangeal cells.
It continues anteriorly as the pelvic parietal fascia, covering the entire pelvic cavity.
A nuclear membrane, also known as the  nucleolemma or karyotheca, is the lipid bilayer membrane which surrounds the genetic material and nucleolus in eukaryotic cells.
The traditional preparation caused mucous cells to swell during fixation which results in the serous cells being popped out of their alignment.
Unlike in most systems, rod and cone cells release neurotransmitters when not receiving a light signal.
This pushes the forward portion of the labia majora out and away from the pubic bone.
In anatomy, the saphenous opening is an oval opening in the upper mid part of the fascia lata of the thigh.
Epithelial layers contain no blood vessels, so they must receive nourishment via diffusion of substances from the underlying connective tissue, through the basement membrane.
Neutrophils are the most abundant type of granulocytes and the most abundant type of white blood cells in most mammals.
It transmits information from the body to the postcentral gyrus of the cerebral cortex.
It is a broad intercellular junction in the transversal sections of an intercalated disc of cardiac muscle anchoring actin filaments.
The term "inferior fascia of urogenital diaphragm", used in older texts, is considered equivalent to the perineal membrane.
There are two types of entheses: Fibrous entheses and fibrocartilaginous entheses.
There are two paramesenteric gutters; the left paramesenteric gutter and the right paramesenteric gutter.
Structurally, vertebrae are essentially alike across the vertebrate species, with the greatest difference seen between an aquatic animal and other vertebrate animals.
It is intended to allow the restoration of sensory function.
Second, they change shape, turn on receptors and secrete chemical messengers: activation.
In anatomy, a suture is a fairly rigid joint between two or more hard elements of an organism, with or without significant overlap of the elements.
The helicotrema is the part of the cochlear labyrinth where the scala tympani and the scala vestibuli meet.
The conjunctiva lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera.
The anterior triangle is further divided into muscular, carotid, submandibular and submental and the posterior into occipital and subclavian triangles.
It is activated by follicle-stimulating hormone secreted by the adenohypophysis, and has FSH receptor on its membranes.
Excessive apoptosis causes atrophy, whereas an insufficient amount results in uncontrolled cell proliferation, such as cancer.
These cells are located in the gastric glands found in the lining of the fundus and in the body of the stomach.
The axillary lines are the anterior axillary line, midaxillary line and the posterior axillary line.
In human anatomy of the leg, the femoral sheath has three compartments.
These use small stones and a viscous fluid to stimulate hair cells to detect motion and orientation.
In a venography procedure, the groin is the preferred site for incisions to enter a catheter into the vascular system.
The perineal raphe is a visible line or ridge of tissue on the human body that extends from the anus through the perineum.
If part of the tooth gets chipped or broken, a dentist can apply an artificial crown.
The urethral diaphragm is an anatomic landmark used in radiologic and urologic classification of urethral injury.
A pleura is a serous membrane which folds back onto itself to form a two-layered membranous pleural sac.
In a human, the cerebral cortex contains approximately 15–33 billion neurons, each connected by synapses to several thousand other neurons.
'Groin' is sometimes used as a euphemism for the reproductive organs.
The posterior surface of the uterus is completely covered by the perimetrium, but the anterior surface only partially.
The jejunum is the second part of the small intestine in humans and most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds.
The basement membrane is a thin, fibrous, extracellular matrix of tissue that separates the epithelium, mesothelium and endothelium from underlying connective tissue.
In healthy, non-overweight humans, white adipose tissue composes as much as 20% of the body weight in men and 25% of the body weight in women.
It emerges directly from the spinal cord, and travels to the dorsal root ganglion.
Thus the term mucosa or mucous membrane always refers to the combination of the epithelium plus the lamina propria.
Complex issues and injuries involving the musculoskeletal system are usually handled by a physiatrist or an orthopaedic surgeon.
The throat's trachea carries inhaled air to the bronchi of the lungs.
Molar teeth by definition are permanent teeth distal to the canines, preceded by deciduous premolars.
"CT of pelvic extraperitoneal spaces: an anatomical study in cadavers".
The ear has been adorned by earrings and other jewellery in numerous cultures for thousands of years, and has been subjected to surgical and cosmetic alterations.
It constitutes the first synapse of the spinothalamic tract carrying pain and temperature sensations from peripheral nerves.
This system is the primary mechanism in control of the fight-or-flight response.
There are no cusps on the tooth.
The two types of bone tissue are cortical bone and cancellous bone.
The coronary arteries that run deep within the myocardium are referred to as subendocardial.
Likewise the 10 digits of two hands, and the 12 phalanges of 4 fingers have given rise to number systems and calculation techniques.
The umbo is the center of the foveola which in turn is located at the center of the fovea.
Cockett's perforators at the inferior 2/3 of the leg
In the human these two parts are the neurocranium and the viscerocranium or facial skeleton that includes the mandible as its largest bone.
The word appendicular is the adjective of the noun appendage, which itself means a part that is joined to something larger.
There are taste buds on the epiglottis.
Electron microscopy studies show that Bowman's glands contain cells with large secretory vesicles.
This difference has been noted in the proceedings of the chiropractic profession's Mercy Center Consensus Conference: "The chiropractic profession refers to this concept as a 'subluxation'.
Waste material is eliminated from the rectum during defecation.
a) multiple entries into the epididymis, as seen in most large mammals.
The interplay between these different cell types and the local factors they produce can have an effect on hematopoietic cells within the hematopoietic stem cell niche.
However, it is physiologically normal in some young people to hear both components separated during inhalation.
The ring of hepatocytes abutting the connective tissue of the triad is called the periportal limiting plate.
The specific function of extraglomerular mesangial cells is not well understood, although it has been associated with the secretion of erythropoietin and secretion of renin.
It is located in the right crus, one of the two tendinous structures that connect the diaphragm to the spine.
By definition, autologous cells are obtained from one's own body, just as one may bank his or her own blood for elective surgical procedures.
The labia majora are two prominent longitudinal cutaneous folds that extend downward and backward from the mons pubis to the perineum.
They also control the ion concentrations and acid-base balance of the blood.
Psychiatric conditions, including schizophrenia and clinical depression, are thought to be associated with brain dysfunctions.
The right permanent maxillary lateral incisor is known as "7", and the left one is known as "10".
The renal capsule relates to the other layers in the following order:
The white ramus communicans from Latin ramus and communicans is the preganglionic sympathetic outflow nerve tract from the spinal cord.
It is also called the antecubital fossa because it lies anteriorly to the elbow when in standard anatomical position.
In the larynx, the vocal cords consist of two membranes that act according to the pressure of the air.
The scrotum is biologically homologous to the labia majora in females.
The adrenal cortex itself is divided into three zones: zona glomerulosa, the zona fasciculata and the zona reticularis.
HeLa  is a cell type in an immortal cell line used in scientific research.
However, both can be used for swimming.
The inferior anastomotic vein, also known as the vein of Labbé, is one of several superficial cerebral veins on the human brain.
Structural components of the dermis are collagen, elastic fibers, and extrafibrillar matrix.
These may be positive for alpha smooth muscle actin and can contract and expel the secretions of exocrine glands.
The thyroid also produces the hormone calcitonin, which plays a role in calcium homeostasis.
A tumor arising from these cells is called neuroblastoma.
However, the pars intermedia is normally either very small or entirely absent in adulthood.
There are also the coronary sinus and the inferior vena cava valves.
Ependyma is the thin epithelial lining of the ventricular system of the brain and the central canal of the spinal cord, made up of ependymal cells.
There is always one large buccal cusp, especially so in the mandibular first premolar.
The costotransverse joint is the joint formed between the facet of the tubercle of the rib and the adjacent transverse process of a thoracic vertebra.
The right permanent mandibular lateral incisor is known as "26", and the left one is known as "23".
Sweet, umami, and bitter tastes are triggered by the binding of molecules to G protein-coupled receptors on the cell membranes of taste buds.
The labia majora are homologous to the male scrotum.
Muscle tissue is a soft tissue that composes muscles in animal bodies, and gives rise to muscles' ability to contract.
On the internal aspect of the right atrium, corresponding to the terminal sulcus is the crista terminalis.
Upon stimulation by the hypothalamus, secretory granules release said hormones into the bloodstream.
They are nerve endings in the skin responsible for sensitivity to vibration and pressure.
It is a deep fat pad located on either side of the face between the buccinator muscle and several more superficial muscles.
Elastic fibers: elastic fibers are made of elastin and are "stretchable."
The human circulatory system processes an average of 20 liters of blood per day through capillary filtration, which removes plasma while leaving the blood cells.
Fertilization usually occurs in the Fallopian tubes and marks the beginning of embryogenesis.
The tonsillar fossa is a space delineated by the triangular fold of the palatoglossal and palatopharyngeal arches within the lateral wall of the oral cavity.
The anterior interventricular branch of the left coronary artery runs in the sulcus along with the great cardiac vein.
It is grouped with the liver in Terminologia Anatomica.
Beta cells are a type of cell found in the pancreatic islets of the pancreas.
It also provides the under-arm sweat gland.
The vessels that remove the deoxygenated blood from the heart muscle are known as cardiac veins.
The craniopharyngeal canal, is a human anatomical feature sometimes found in the sphenoid bone opening to the sella turcica.
The cells function in secretion and protection.
Bone tissue forms the rigid part of the bones that make up the skeleton.
The anterior is shorter and thicker, though it projects lower than the posterior because of the slope of the cervix.
Urine enters the bladder via the ureters and exits via the urethra.
All bilaterians have a gastrointestinal tract, also called a gut or an alimentary canal.
The atrioventricular septum is a septum of the heart between the right atrium and the left ventricle.
Each myocardial cell contains myofibrils, which are specialized organelles consisting of long chains of sarcomeres, the fundamental contractile units of muscle cells.
These are the: circumvallate papillae, fungiform papillae, filiform papillae and foliate papillae.
In some cases, particularly with chronic conditions, treatment may include circumcision, a procedure where the foreskin is partially or completely removed.
It is a potential space in the head and is paired on each side.
In animals, it is usually used to refer to raised points on the crowns of teeth.
The external limiting membrane is one of the ten distinct layers of the retina of the eye.
In the spine, the epidural space is an anatomic space that is the outermost part of the spinal canal.
in height, and contains muscular and erectile tissue.
The breasts of females are typically far more prominent than those of males.
The index finger, is the first finger and the second digit of a human hand.
Two neurons make near contact through structures called synapses allowing them to communicate with each other.
The preputial glands of female animals are sometimes called clitoral glands.
The Tail of Spence is an extension of the tissue of the breast that extends into the axilla.
The adult human ear canal extends from the pinna to the eardrum and is about 2.5 centimetres in length and 0.7 centimetres in diameter.
The pouch accompanies the gubernaculum during development of the urinary and reproductive organs, more specifically during the descent of the ovaries, and normally obliterates.
The Triangular fibrocartilage complex is formed by the triangular fibrocartilage discus, the radioulnar ligaments and the ulnocarpal ligaments.
On people with slim bodies, the waist is the narrowest part of the torso.
The femoral canal contains efferent lymphatic vessels and a lymph node embedded in a small amount of areolar tissue.
There are two colic flexures, or curvatures in the transverse colon.
The suture begins to close at age twenty-nine, starting at where it intersects at the lambdoid suture and working forward.
Seminal vesicles are located within the pelvis.
It is one of the two semilunar valves of the heart, the other being the pulmonary valve.
With the head upright, it is typically tilted about 7 degrees nose up with respect to the horizontal plane.
The thorax or chest is a part of the anatomy of humans and various other animals located between the neck and the abdomen.
It is a form of striated muscle tissue which is under the 'voluntary' control of the somatic nervous system.
The right permanent maxillary second premolar is known as "4", and the left one is known as "13".
Haller's layer - outermost layer of the choroid consisting of larger diameter blood vessels;
However, this term is not supported in Terminologia Anatomica.
The lingual height of contour is in the middle third of the tooth and the lingual surface is evenly convex.
The portion of the medulla spinalis which lies between this and the posterior median sulcus is named the posterior funiculus.
These vessels drain into the right and left subclavian veins respectively.
Muscles contract to move the bone attached at the joint.
A similar term is "vertebral line", which defined by the spinous processes.
Cardiomyocytes are the muscle fibres that form the chambers of the heart, and have a single central nucleus.
A fascia is a band or sheet of connective tissue, primarily collagen, beneath the skin that attaches, stabilizes, encloses, and separates muscles and other internal organs.
The sacrum has three different surfaces which are shaped to accommodate surrounding pelvic structures.
The cranial nerves that contain GVA fibers include the facial nerve, the glossopharyngeal nerve and the vagus nerve.
The primary motor cortex or precentral gyrus, is one of the most important areas in the frontal lobe.
Sub-categorization of muscle tissue is also possible, depending on among other things the content of myoglobin, mitochondria, myosin ATPase etc.
The pectinate muscles originate from the crista terminalis.
The cell stains basophilic upon H&E staining due to the large proportion of rough endoplasmic reticulum in its cytoplasm.
It involves articulation between the glenoid cavity of the scapula and the head of the humerus.
In other animals the cheeks may also be referred to as jowls.
The vascularization pattern is similar to that of perionychium.
The dorsal root of spinal nerve is one of two "roots" which emerge from the spinal cord.
In some cultures, it is the norm for pubic hair to be removed, especially of females, a practice which is regarded as part of personal hygiene.
The canals and the surrounding lamellae form the functional unit, called a haversian system or osteon.
When the osteoid becomes mineralized, it and the adjacent bone cells have developed into new bone tissue.
The thyroid gland secretes thyroid hormones, which primarily influence the metabolic rate and protein synthesis.
It is called the trabeculae of corpus spongiosum of penis.
Seminiferous tubules are located within the testes, and are the specific location of meiosis, and the subsequent creation of male gametes, namely spermatozoa.
Small colloid masses, known as amyloid bodies are often found in the gland tubes.
The mandibular first premolar is the tooth located laterally from both the mandibular canines of the mouth but mesial from both mandibular second premolars.
The mandibular and maxillary canines are the longest teeth in the mouth.
Hemangioblasts are the progenitors that form the blood islands.
The permanent mandibular canines erupt at around 9 to 10 years of age.
Gap junctions are a specialized intercellular connection between a multitude of animal cell-types.
Dimensions vary only 1–2 mm among humans.
The pyramidal cells of the precentral gyrus are also called upper motor neurons.
Cardiac muscle is an involuntary, striated muscle that is found in the walls and histological foundation of the heart, specifically the myocardium.
In bovine corneas, the length of the CS/DS proteoglycans is about 70 nm, while the KS proteoglycans are about 40 nm long.
This allows the stomach to expand, therefore increasing the volume of the stomach without increasing pressure.
The vitreous membrane is a layer of collagen separating the vitreous humour from the rest of the eye.
A surface marking of clinical importance is Bryant’s triangle, which is mapped out thus:
The renal cortex is the part of the kidney where ultrafiltration occurs.
These glands are trenchlike slits of dark blue to black, nearly bare skin extending from the medial canthus of each eye.
More specifically, its fibers convey crude touch information to the VPL part of the thalamus.
The lacrimal gland produces tears which then flow into canals that connect to the lacrimal sac.
They can be grouped into either communicating and non-communicating bursae or, as below, after location.
Their appearance varies during the menstrual cycle.
Eight fused cranial bones together form the cranial cavity: the frontal, occipital, sphenoid and ethmoid bones, and two each of the parietal and temporal bones.
In the human the bladder is a hollow muscular, and distensible organ, that sits on the pelvic floor.
The origin of the retinohypothalamic tract is the intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells, which contain the photopigment melanopsin.
As triglycerides are lost from very low-density lipoproteins, the lipoprotein particle becomes smaller and denser and ultimately becomes low-density lipoproteins.
These muscle types may be activated both through interaction of the central nervous system as well as by receiving innervation from peripheral plexus or endocrine activation.
It is continuous below with the interosseous ligament of the tibiofibular syndesmosis, and presents numerous perforations for the passage of small vessels.
The atrial portion is rounded and almost vertical; it is situated behind the third, fourth, and fifth right costal cartilages about 1.25 cm.
In addition, the uterine lining is thickened to be able to receive a fertilized egg.
It is separated from the ileum by the ileocecal valve or Bauhin's valve.
Types of muscle are striated muscle, obliquely striated muscle, and smooth muscle.
In the female they may persist between the layer of the broad ligament of the uterus and in the wall of the vagina.
The lateral grey column is one of the three grey columns of the spinal cord; the others being the anterior and posterior grey columns.
This is another form of protection for the duodenum.
The intercostal space is the anatomic space between two ribs.
Suture joints and Gomphosis joints are synarthroses.
The right deciduous mandibular canine is known as "R", and the left one is known as "M".
The follicular antrum is the portion of an ovarian follicle filled with follicular fluid.
The human stomach has several million of these pits which dot the surface of the lining epithelium.
The outer surface of a bone is lined by a thin layer of connective tissue that is very similar in morphology and function to endosteum.
^ a b FUNCTIONAL ANATOMY OF THE EUSTACHIAN TUBE.
Each of these components is distinct in location, architecture, and biochemical properties, which adapt during the life of the structure.
It is traversed by the squamosal, sphenoparietal, sphenosquamosal, and sphenopetrosal sutures.
Pectinate muscles of the atria are different from the trabeculae carneae which are found on the inner walls of both ventricles.
The maxillary canines have one root, usually the longest root of any tooth in the mouth.
The ileocecal fold or ileocaecal fold is an anatomical structure in the human abdomen, located between the ileum and the cecum.
The glands secrete mucus and are most numerous in the section of the urethra that runs through the penis.
The occipital bone overlies the occipital lobes of the cerebrum.
The dorsal root ganglia contain the cell bodies of sensory neurons.
In asymmetric division, a stem cells produces one stem cell and one specialized cell.
Anterior uveitis is an inflammatory process affecting the iris and ciliary body, with resulting inflammatory signs in the anterior chamber.
The rima glottidis is the opening between the true vocal cords and the arytenoid cartilages of the larynx.
Typically the spermatogenic cells will make four to eight layers in the germinal epithelium.
Vocal health and voice disorders related to singing
Stromal cells include epithelial cells of the thymic cortex and medulla, and dendritic cells.
The vein drains its adjacent cortical regions gathering tributaries from minor veins of the temporal lobe.
A taste receptor is a type of receptor which facilitates the sensation of taste.
Each disc forms a fibrocartilaginous joint, to allow slight movement of the vertebrae, and acts as a ligament to hold the vertebrae together.
This information is sent from receptors of the skin, bones, and joints through sensory neurons whose cell bodies lie in the dorsal root ganglion.
It also surrounds the blood vessels and nerves.
In human anatomy, the thoracic diaphragm, or simply the diaphragm, is a sheet of internal skeletal muscle that extends across the bottom of the thoracic cavity.
In optical terms, the pupil is the eye's aperture, while the iris is the diaphragm.
In the arrangement of these ligaments, extensor tendons supply the places of dorsal ligaments, which is similar to that in the metatarsophalangeal articulations.
When samples were preserved by quick-freezing in liquid nitrogen and then fixed with osmium tetraoxide in acetone, no demilunes were found.
They are considered to be part of the autonomic nervous system.
The membrane serves to determine if the body or the head is tilted, in addition to the linear acceleration of the body.
There are several studies suggesting that fibrocytes mediate wound healing and fibrotic tissue repair.
The substantia propria is fibrous, tough, unyielding, and perfectly transparent.
It is a type of junctional complex present only in vertebrates.
The anterior pituitary regulates several physiological processes including stress, growth, reproduction and lactation.
The outer portion of this sleeve comprises the external epineurium which permits longitudinal nerve excursion and absorption of longitudinal stress.
The ductus reuniens also the canalis reuniens of Hansen is part of the human inner ear.
During ejaculation, semen passes through the prostate gland, enters the urethra and exits the body via the urinary meatus.
The area is very sensitive to expansion and once stretched to a certain degree, the urinary bladder signals the brain of its need to empty.
The inferior transverse ligament of the tibiofibular syndesmosis is included in older versions of Gray's Anatomy, but not in Terminologia Anatomica.
In insects it is developed by the follicle cells while the egg is in the ovary.
All white blood cells are produced and derived from multipotent cells in the bone marrow known as hematopoietic stem cells.
They are also reactive to mechanosensation and can be stimulated by a bolus moving through the bowel.
They reside alongside the epithelium lining the lumen of the digestive tract and play a crucial role in gastrointestinal regulation, particularly intestinal motility and secretion.
A variable slight to prominent median elevation forming the posterior boundary of the chiasmatic groove and the anterior boundary of the hypophysial fossa.
Humans, like other mammals, are diphyodont, meaning that they develop two sets of teeth.
^ Shi X, Han H, Zhao J, Zhou C. "Microsurgical anatomy of the superior orbital fissure".
This process takes place in a unique pocket-like structure on their basolateral side [5].
If acne is occurring, it is because these gland ducts are blocked.
The mitral valve and the aortic valve are in the left heart; the tricuspid valve and the pulmonary valve are in the right heart.
The human skin is the outer covering of the body.
The duodenum is a short section of the small intestine located between the stomach and the rest of the small intestine.
A nail is a horn-like envelope covering the tips of the fingers and toes in most primates and a few other mammals.
The wall of the infundibulum is smooth.
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.
An aortic sinus is one of the anatomic dilations of the ascending aorta, which occurs just above the aortic valve.
Sinusoids are found in the liver, lymphoid tissue, endocrine organs, and hematopoietic organs such as the bone marrow and the spleen.
The etymology comes from the Latin vestibulum, literally an entrance hall.
Megakaryocytes normally account for 1 out of 10,000 bone marrow cells but can increase in number nearly 10-fold during the course of certain diseases.
The main systemic factor of corpuscle organization is the process of synthesis, mobilization, and transduction of tissue-specific autoantigens for immune tolerance induction.
The endoneurium runs longitudinally along the nerve fiber, but with discontinuities where septa pass inward from the innermost layer of the perineurium.
It consists of two separate layers: an outer fibrous layer and inner chondrogenic layer.
The rate at which blood is filtered through all of the glomeruli, and thus the measure of the overall renal function, is the glomerular filtration rate.
In vertical linear acceleration, the weighted otolithic membrane lags behind the stereocilia and kinocilium.
Referred pain has been described since the late 1880s.
Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants.
In the skin and mucous membranes, it is more compact and sometimes difficult to distinguish from dense irregular connective tissue.
This means that when inspecting a human skull, if the suture is still open, one can assume an age of less than twenty-nine.
In the skull the joints between the bones are called sutures.
The cistern of lamina terminalis is a cistern of the subarachnoid space in the brain.
It is also sometimes called inframammary ligament.
It begins with the duodenal bulb and ends at the suspensory muscle of duodenum.
These fibers are sometimes collectively referred to as the suspensory ligaments of the lens, as they act like suspensory ligaments.
They are found in the sweat glands, mammary glands, lacrimal glands, and salivary glands.
It becomes more fibrous over the apices of the lungs as the suprapleural membrane.
Osteoblasts are specialized, terminally differentiated products of mesenchymal stem cells.
A type of junctional complex, they are localized spot-like adhesions randomly arranged on the lateral sides of plasma membranes.
C1 is unique in that all other spinal nerves have both sensory and motor fibres, whereas C1 only carries motor fibres.
They are located at the entrance of the larynx, extending from the lateral borders of the epiglottis to the arytenoid cartilages, hence the name 'aryepiglottic'.
An ovary is not directly connected to its adjacent Fallopian tube.
A root canal is the anatomic space within the root of a tooth.
Unipolar neurons that begin as bipolar neurons during development are known as pseudounipolar neurons.
It includes the assembly and disassembly of the cilia during the cell cycle.
A hypertrophied renal column may be differentiated from an actual renal tumor with the help of a DMSA scan.
The cochlear cupula is a structure in the cochlea.
"Index finger" literally means "pointing finger", from the same Latin source as indicate; its anatomical names are "index finger" and "second digit".
At puberty, estrogens, in conjunction with growth hormone, cause breast development.
Along with their function in feeding infants, female breasts have social and sexual characteristics.
They are granulocytes that develop during hematopoiesis in the bone marrow before migrating into blood.
Most conditions are rare, and easily treated.
The tarsometatarsal joints are arthrodial joints in the foot.
The epidermal BMZ shows small, regularly spaced electron dense structures which are the hemidesmosomes.
It is between the vastus medialis, and the adductors and pectineus.
For example, in the facial canal, the genicular ganglion is situated on the geniculum of the facial nerve, the point where the nerve changes its direction.
Skin glands are structures found in mammals that play roles in thermoregulation and excretion.
The cochlear duct houses the organ of Corti.
These cells respond to corticotropin releasing hormone and make up about 20% of the cells in the anterior pituitary.
The genitourinary system or urogenital system is the organ system of the reproductive organs and the urinary system.
The right permanent mandibular canine known as "27", and the left one is known as "22".
In the fovea centralis or macula lutea or simple yellow spot, cones predominate and are present at high density.
It is made up of cortical bone and usually contains bone marrow and adipose tissue.
It is divided into two subgroups; the single-unit and multiunit smooth muscle.
from the University of Virginia School of Medicine and Aspelund et al.
This results in forces that tend to move adjacent fibrils close to each other.
They reach their peak of development in humans, where they may number 200–400/cm² of skin surface.
A hollow structure, the bulbus oculi is composed of a wall enclosing a cavity filled with fluid with three coats: the sclera, choroid, and the retina.
The posterior external arcuate fibers take origin in the accessory cuneate nucleus ; they pass to the inferior peduncle of the same side.
Also, there is usually no communication between the LA and the RV.
A dermatome is an area of skin that is mainly supplied by a single spinal nerve.
to the medial side of the latter, for the tendons of the Extensor digitorum communis and Extensor indicis proprius;
This, in turn, is surrounded by a larger peripheral area that delivers highly compressed information of low resolution following the pattern of compression in foveated imaging.
Both ends of these fibers contract but the central region only stretches and does not contract.
The pelvic inclination angle, which is the single most important element of human body posture, is mostly adjusted at the hips.
This tissue also generates a small amount of weak androgens.
The anterior layer is derived from the external oblique aponeurosis and the anterior lamina of the internal oblique aponeurosis.
This sensitivity is achieved in part by the presence of unique potassium channels that respond to even small changes in extracellular potassium.
Hair is one of the defining characteristics of mammals.
The closure of the pulmonary valve contributes the P2 component of the second heart sound.
This arrangement restrains the motion of the ribs allowing them to work in a parallel fashion during breathing.
They develop during the embryonic stage of development and erupt—that is, they become visible in the mouth—during infancy.
It is a landmark used in thoracentesis, and the V6 electrode of the 10 electrode ECG.
The term's origin can be traced back to the late 19th century.
Within the posterior part of each aryepiglottic fold exists a cuneiform cartilage which forms whitish prominence, the cuneiform tubercle.
The upper three regions, from left to right, are the left hypochondriac, epigastric, and right hypochondriac regions.
In mammals, the vagina is a muscular and tubular part of the female genital tract, which, in humans, extends from the vulva to the cervix.
The iliac colon is situated in the left iliac fossa, and is about 12 to 15 cm.
The anterior interventricular sulcus is situated on the sternocostal surface of the heart, close to its left margin.
The rest of the body is covered by eccrine sweat glands.
There are at least three subclasses of monocytes in human blood based on their phenotypic receptors.
The name molar derives from Latin, molaris dens, meaning "millstone tooth", from "mola", millstone and dens, tooth.
The condition of the lymph nodes is very important in cancer staging, which decides the treatment to be used, and determines the prognosis.
Its use as a technical term in anatomy and ophthalmology is relatively modern.
It is found superficial to the fascia of Scarpa.
This fluid is used to decrease the amount of friction that lungs experience during breathing.
The pain from this pressure is often referred to as "brain freeze", and is frequently associated with the rapid consumption of ice cream.
Blockage of the gland's duct causes swelling which can manifest itself as a stye.
Together with the skeletal system it forms the musculoskeletal system, which is responsible for movement of the human body.
The pyloric canal ends as the pyloric orifice, which marks the junction between the stomach and the duodenum.
They are a type of enteroendocrine and neuroendocrine cell.
Saliva also contains a catalytic enzyme called amylase which starts to act on food in the mouth.
Also known as somatic stem cells, they can be found in juvenile as well as adult animals and humans, unlike embryonic stem cells.
There are various specialized forms of myocytes: cardiac, skeletal, and smooth muscle cells, with various properties.
The commissure is the corner of the mouth, where the vermillion border of the superior labium meets that of the inferior labium.
The mandibular central incisors are usually the first teeth to appear in the mouth, typically around the age of 6-8 months.
However, unlike the efferent fibers of the autonomic nervous system, the afferent fibers are not classified as either sympathetic or parasympathetic.
Lymph ducts drain the lymph into one of the subclavian veins and thus return it to general circulation.
Azurophils may contain myeloperoxidase, phospholipase A2, acid hydrolases, elastase, defensins, neutral serine proteases, bactericidal/permeability-increasing protein, lysozyme, cathepsin G, proteinase 3, and proteoglycans.
Transitional epithelium is a type of tissue consisting of multiple layers of epithelial cells which can contract and expand.
It is perforated by the great saphenous vein and by numerous blood and lymphatic vessels..
hepatic portal vein, a venule branch of the portal vein, with blood rich in nutrients but low in oxygen
The duct is usually 6–8 cm length.
An inflammatory condition, also involving the larynx and bronchi, called croup can result in a barking cough.
Also, the intermediate fibers and/or the transverse part of the ulnar collateral ligament are sometimes called Cooper's ligament(s).
While most arteries carry oxygenated blood, there are two exceptions to this, the pulmonary and the umbilical arteries.
These divide until air reaches microscopic alveoli, where gas exchange takes place.
In the universal system of notation, the permanent maxillary premolars are designated by a number.
Instead, the fetus obtains oxygen and nutrients from the mother through the placenta and the umbilical cord.
They do not cause any direct symptoms to muscles, but detection of EMA is useful in the diagnosis of the disease.
A portal triad is a distinctive arrangement in the liver.
The abdomen stretches from the thorax at the thoracic diaphragm to the pelvis at the pelvic brim.
Mammary alveoli are the site of milk production and storage in the mammary gland.
The function of this premolar is similar to that of first molars in regard to grinding being the principal action during mastication, commonly known as chewing.
On a larger level, vasoconstriction is one mechanism by which the body regulates and maintains mean arterial pressure.
The medial compartment contains vasculature including the femoral artery and vein.
A diameter of more than 8 mm is regarded as abnormal dilatation, and is a sign of cholestasis.
There is typically a single cusp on each tooth, called an incisal ridge or incisal edge.
It terminates at the level of the anorectal ring or the dentate line, again depending upon which definition is used.
There are two general types of skin, hairy and glabrous skin.
A cervical layer that ensheathes cervical viscera including the larynx/trachea, pharynx/esophagus, thyroid and parathyroid glands, and then a muscular layer which ensheathes the infrahyoid muscles.
The transverse colon absorbs water and salts.
In the universal system of notation, the permanent mandibular first molars are designated by a number.
This is due to the embryological origin of the auricles, which are the true atria.
The circulatory system is often seen to comprise two separate systems: the cardiovascular system, which distributes blood, and the lymphatic system, which circulates lymph.
This can result in overlapping and improperly positioned teeth.
The biliary tree is the whole network of various sized ducts branching through the liver.
Only one species of primate, the Calabar angwantibo, is known to have a functioning nictitating membrane.
It is well-marked in sheep and some other animals, and frequently extends from the base of the anterior papillary muscle to the ventricular septum.
The egg cell, or ovum, is the female reproductive cell in oogamous organisms.
Basophils are a type of white blood cells.
The pharynx is an organ found in vertebrates and invertebrates, though the structure is not universally the same across all of those species.
In humans, it is located in the abdominal cavity behind the stomach.
Antigens are recognized via expression of cell surface receptors such as glycoprotein-2 that detect and specifically bind to bacteria on bacteria.
The right lobe is of a somewhat quadrilateral form.
The modulation occurs through different types of receptors present in the VB.
A hepatic lobule is a small division of the liver defined at the histological scale.
It is enclosed by the cartilages of nose and lined by the same epithelium of the skin.
It has been proposed for reclassification as an organ due to research at the University of Limerick in the 2010s.
Its anterior surface is in relation with the transverse ligament of the atlas, and its posterior surface with the dura mater.
A coronal plane is any vertical plane that divides the body into ventral and dorsal sections.
They make up 65-80% of the cells in the islets.
It proceeds the thoracolumbar fascia to the top.
The four canines in humans are the two maxillary canines and the two mandibular canines.
The umbilical plane is the transverse plane passing through the umbilicus.
When stimulated by epinephrine or norepinephrine, these receptors induce the secretion of renin.
A nail is a horn-like envelope covering the tips of the fingers and toes in most primates and a few other mammals.
The fascia of Camper is a thick superficial layer of the anterior abdominal wall.
The relationship between this area and a risk of cavernous sinus thrombosis was described as early as 1852.
The axons are bundled together into groups called fascicles, and each fascicle is wrapped in a layer of connective tissue called the perineurium.
The cortex and medulla play different roles in the development of T-cells.
Unlike the open ear canal, however, the air of the middle ear is not in direct contact with the atmosphere outside the body.
Sometimes one or two additional intersections, generally incomplete, are present below the umbilicus.
The bone may break due to excessive weight or impact.
It can occur as the result of heredity, accident, or the constant rubbing or wiping of the nose, commonly referred to as the allergic salute.
In mammals it occurs in the seminiferous tubules of the male testes in a stepwise fashion.
The pericardial sac has two layers, a serous layer and a fibrous layer.
Some single-celled organisms adopt multicelluar biofilms in which the cells are embedded in an ECM composed primarily of extracellular polymeric substances.
Risk factors include: smoking, being overweight, little exercise, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, and poorly controlled diabetes, among others.
It commences about the level of T11 and ends at L2, and reaches its maximum circumference, of about 33 mm.
The lateral parts of the occipital bone are on either side of the foramen magnum and these are also called the exoccipitals.
Nervous systems are found in most multicellular animals, but vary greatly in complexity.
The sacral spinal nerve 5 is a spinal nerve of the sacral segment.
Epithelial layers contain no blood vessels, so they must receive nourishment via diffusion of substances from the underlying connective tissue, through the basement membrane.
It is oblong in shape, its antero-posterior diameter being greater than its transverse.
Taste, gustatory perception, or gustation is one of the five traditional senses that belongs to the gustatory system.
Alveolar ducts are tiny ducts that connect the respiratory bronchioles to alveolar sacs, each of which contains a collection of alveoli.
Human skin is similar to that of most other mammals.
Research into stem cells grew out of findings by Ernest A. McCulloch and James E. Till at the University of Toronto in the 1960s.
It houses the cerebellum, medulla and pons.
The initial cells in this pathway are called spermatogonia, which yield primary spermatocytes by mitosis.
The theca folliculi comprise a layer of the ovarian follicles.
A few structures do not contain blood vessels and are labeled.
There exists a normal variation in the relationship of the cementum and the enamel at the cementoenamel junction.
There are two reasons for the border being red:
This lack of supportive evidence suggests the subluxation construct has no valid clinical applicability."
Once activated, they migrate to the lymph nodes where they interact with T cells and B cells to initiate and shape the adaptive immune response.
Blood vessels are the tubes which are two types arteries and veins.
It is directed upward and is oval in form, its long diameter being directed transversely and measuring about 1.25 cm.
While an ephapse has some similarities to a gap junction, by modern definition the two are different.
They attach to the cusps of the atrioventricular valves via the chordae tendineae and contract to prevent inversion or prolapse of these valves on systole.
This centralized control allows rapid and coordinated responses to changes in the environment.
Each glomerulus is surrounded by a heterogeneous population of juxtaglomerular neurons and glial cells.
Together they constitute the insertion for the vocalis muscle.
Confusingly, fascia recti is described in some anatomy books, referring to the fascia of the rectus abdominis muscle.
If the axolemma is damaged, it becomes unable to perform its vital role of maintaining the concentration gradient of ions inside and outside the cell.
Skin of a different nature exists in amphibians, reptiles, and birds.
Embryonic cell lines and autologous embryonic stem cells generated through somatic cell nuclear transfer or dedifferentiation have also been proposed as promising candidates for future therapies.
A medical illustration is a form of biological illustration that helps to record and disseminate medical, anatomical, and related knowledge.
Tactile corpuscles are a type of mechanoreceptor.
It generally closes in 6–8 weeks from birth.
The gingival sulcus is an area of potential space between a tooth and the surrounding gingival tissue and is lined by sulcular epithelium.
Among humans, the hands play an important function in body language and sign language.
The fornices of the vagina are the superior portions of the vagina, extending into the recesses created by the vaginal portion of cervix.
It is formed by a multilayered network of collagen fibers that insert into the scleral canal wall.
They are usually lost and replaced by permanent teeth, but in the absence of permanent replacements, they can remain functional for many years.
Chief cells release the zymogen pepsinogen when stimulated by a variety of factors including cholinergic activity from the vagus nerve and acidic condition in the stomach.
The carotid sinus is sensitive to pressure changes in the arterial blood at this level.
Microvilli of hepatocytes extend into this space, allowing proteins and other plasma components from the sinusoids to be absorbed by the hepatocytes.
There is a pair of olfactory bulbs of the brain that rest in these two depressions.
They are found in three regions of the body:
There are a pair of cardinal ligaments in the female human body.
The rectoprostatic fascia also inhibits the posterior spread of prostatic adenocarcinoma; therefore invasion of the rectum is less common than is invasion of other contiguous structures.
The altered coat of the arterioles, consisting of adenoid tissue, presents here and there thickenings of a spheroidal shape, the white pulp.
The segments are separated from each other by layers of connective tissue.
Nutrient arteries are the most apparent blood vessels of the bones.
The outer ear consists of the pinna and the ear canal.
When egg and sperm fuse, a diploid cell is formed, which rapidly grows into a new organism.
In some cases the lower lobe is connected to the side of the face.
It overlies the muscle fiber's cell membrane: the sarcolemma.
The parotid fascia proceeds to the temporal fascia.
The zona columnaris is the upper half of the canal and is lined by simple columnar epithelium.
They are also known as the choanae.
In certain animals such as rodents, the lack of 17alpha-hydroxylase results in the synthesis of corticosterone instead of cortisol.
It derives its motor nerve supply from the facial nerve, and its blood supply from labial branches of the facial artery.
In many organisms, however, the 5′ UTR is completely untranslated, instead forming complex secondary structure to regulate translation.
The animal extracellular matrix includes the interstitial matrix and the basement membrane.
The external orifice is bounded by two lips, an anterior and a posterior.
Gamma and beta motoneurons are called fusimotor neurons, because they activate the intrafusal muscle fibers.
The roof of the canal is made up of the superficial palmar carpal ligament, while the deeper flexor retinaculum and hypothenar muscles comprise the floor.
Its fibers run in the opposite direction to those of the Interosseous membrane of the forearm.
The glottis is defined as the opening between the vocal folds .
It is perpendicular to the coronal plane and sagittal plane.
Sutures are found in animals with hard parts from the Cambrian period to the present day.
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 5.
They are found in the ventrolateral medulla in conjunction with the adrenergic cell group C1.
It has also had implications for sciences related to surgery, anatomy, and development.
Intestinal villi are small, finger-like projections that extend into the lumen of the small intestine.
This region is important for the regulation of translation of a transcript by differing mechanisms in viruses, prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
For people with the surname, see Porion.
The fetal circulation of humans has been extensively studied by the health sciences.
They extend out from the lymphatic capillary, attaching lymphatic endothelial cells to surrounding tissues.
Both pathways induce cell death by activating caspases, which are proteases, or enzymes that degrade proteins.
In medical terminology, "ankle" can refer broadly to the region or specifically to the talocrural joint.
This type of nephron is relatively rare, and only comprise 20–30% of the nephrons in the human kidney.
These cells are not all present in the colon.
In some cases, Carabelli's cusp may rival the main cusps in size.
The adipose capsule of kidney is a structure between the renal fascia and renal capsule, and may be regarded as a part of the latter.
(b) fascia associated with the organs of the pelvis.
A chain of lymph glands is also found running along the posterior border of the Sternocleidomastoideus, from the mastoid process to the root of the neck.
The deltoid branch of the thoracoacromial artery also passes through this triangle, giving branches to both the deltoid and pectoralis major muscles.
These develop to eventually become sperm cells.
All the tendons crossing the ankle-joint are enclosed for part of their length in mucous sheaths which have an almost uniform length of about 8 cm.
one median umbilical fold on the median umbilical ligament
Lymph capillaries or lymphatic capillaries are tiny, thin-walled vessels located in the spaces between cells which serve to drain and process extra-cellular fluid.
Its lower boundary is the pelvic floor.
The muscle spindle has both sensory and motor components.
The base of the sacrum, the broadest and uppermost part, is tilted forward as the sacral promontory internally.
Sertoli cells function to nourish the developing sperm cells.
The inguinal canals are larger and more prominent in men.
Their role is primordial in maintaining correct blood draining.
The Purkinje fibers are located in the inner ventricular walls of the heart, just beneath the endocardium in a space called the subendocardium.
In mammals, it is not uncommon for the lesser sac to contain considerable amounts of fat.
The subcostal plane is a transverse plane which bisects the body at the level of the 10th costal margin and the vertebra body L3.
The cardiovascular system comprises the blood, heart, and blood vessels.
*Produced only in pregnancy by the developing embryo.
The lack of such data does not allow a systemic view of the differentiation processes in the thymus.
The hair processes of the outer</ref> hair cells emerge through and above the RM, thus immobilizing the apical pole of the outer hair cells.
They interconnect the haversian canals with each other and the periosteum.
The vomeronasal organ is mainly used to detect pheromones, chemical messengers that carry information between individuals of the same species.
In embryology and prenatal development, the dental papilla is a condensation of ectomesenchymal cells called odontoblasts, seen in histologic sections of a developing tooth.
The periventricular nucleus is a thin sheet of small neurons located in the wall of the third ventricle, a composite structure of the hypothalamus.
A plane joint is a synovial joint which, under physiological conditions, allows only gliding movement.
There are some minor differences between the deciduous maxillary central incisor and that of the permanent maxillary central incisor.
In the human skull, the zygomatic bone is a paired bone which articulates with the maxilla, the temporal bone, the sphenoid bone and the frontal bone.
Pancreatic juice is alkaline in nature due to the high concentration of bicarbonate ions.
Identification and preservation of the presacral fascia is of fundamental importance in preventing complications and reducing local recurrences of rectal cancer.
They are found in many tissues including the spleen, lymph nodes and lymph nodules.
In a healthy heart blood flows one way through the heart due to heart valves, which prevent backflow.
It is formed during embryonic development through a process known as myogenesis.
Absence of nocturnal erection is commonly used to distinguish between physical and psychological causes of erectile dysfunction and impotence.
These axons ascend to the pons where they join the superior cerebellar peduncle to enter the cerebellum.
In adults, three of the bones of the pelvis have fused into the hip bone or acetabulum which forms part of the hip region.
Because it interfaces with the environment, skin plays an important immunity role in protecting the body against pathogens and excessive water loss.
It has been proposed for reclassification as an organ due to research at the University of Limerick in the 2010s.
The extensor retinaculum is attached laterally to the lateral margin of the radius.
It permits movement of the body, maintains posture, and circulates blood throughout the body.
It originates from the spinal column from below the 2nd body of the sacrum
Paranasal sinuses are a group of four paired air-filled spaces that surround the nasal cavity.
It may be continuous with the round ligament of liver.
The name comes from the fact that these leukocytes are basophilic, i.e., they are susceptible to staining by basic dyes, as shown in the picture.
Bone tissue is a mineralized tissue of two types, cortical and cancellous bone.
They gather at the site and unless the interruption is physically too large, they plug the hole.
ZP3 is then involved in the induction of the acrosome reaction, whereby a spermatozoon releases the contents of the acrosomal vesicle.
They are ginglymoid joints, and each has a plantar and two collateral ligaments.
Samples are traditionally preserved and fixed in formaldehyde.
Some individuals have also an accessory duct, named accessory pancreatic duct, which may be functional or non-functional.
The brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
The upper end of the conus medullaris is usually not well defined.
The brain acts on the rest of the body both by generating patterns of muscle activity and by driving the secretion of chemicals called hormones.
The SoNS consists of afferent nerves or sensory nerves, and efferent nerves or motor nerves.
To be specific, the tectospinal tract connects the midbrain tectum and cervical regions of the spinal cord.
Trabecular cartilages are paired, rod-shaped cartilages, which develop in the head of the vertebrate embryo.
The enteric nervous system functions to control the gastrointestinal system.
The submental space is a fascial space of the head and neck.
The infraglottic cavity is the portion of the larynx below the laryngeal ventricles and the rima glottidis.
A good example is the attachment of the rotator cuff muscles to the blade of the scapula.
It can also be called the medial or proximal nail fold.
The top of the forehead is marked by the hairline, the edge of the area where hair on the scalp grows.
The fourth ventricle narrows at a region called the obex to become the central canal of the spinal cord.
These enter the lungs where they branch into progressively narrower secondary and tertiary bronchi that branch into numerous smaller tubes, the bronchioles.
Splanchnic circulation – The circulation of the gastrointestinal tract originating at the celiac trunk, the inferior mesenteric artery and the superior mesenteric artery.
It is the type of epithelium that lines much of the urinary tract including the renal pelvis, the ureters, the bladder, and parts of the urethra.
When the alignment of the midfoot is affected joint cartilage is quickly damaged.
Use of the term is technically inaccurate since mesenchymal progenitors can also technically differentiate into osteoblasts or fat.
It provides the support necessary to maintain teeth in function.
They are innervated by gamma motor neurons and beta motor neurons.
It's limited by the fascia transversalis anteriorly, the peritoneum posteriorly and the iliac fascia laterally.
The plica semilunaris is a small fold of bulbar conjunctiva on the medial canthus of the eye.
This tract involves two neurons and ends up on the same side of the body.
Nonetheless, the most common action of the canines is tearing of food.
Some veins are named after the physician who first described them:
This fluid acts as a lubricant and has anti-inflammatory properties.
The levator palpebrae superioris muscle retracts the eyelid to "open" the eye.
Further divisions of the segmental bronchi are known as 4th order, 5th order, and 6th order segmental bronchi, or grouped together as subsegmental bronchi.
The other three types are epithelial, muscle, and nervous tissue.
The connection between a tooth and the jawbone is also called a joint, and is described as a fibrous joint known as a gomphosis.
The vestibular system is important in maintaining balance, or equilibrium.
In healthy tonsils the openings of the crypts are fissure-like, and the walls of the lumina are in apposition.
It consists of the following five structures:
Type 1, sweet, first characterized in 2001: TAS1R2 – TAS1R3
Axons are distinguished from dendrites by several features, including shape, length, and function.
They are thought to make up as many as half of the neurons in the brain.
Their size ranges from approximately 0.5 um to 2.0 µm in diameter.
A marginal zone also exists in lymph nodes.
The interstitiospinal tract is one of ten descending neuronal tracts in humans that provides motor control to specific upper cervical somatic segments.
This allows the mass of food to further mix with the digestive enzymes.
The joint's function is to transfer vibrations between the ossicles in the middle ear, which is perceived as sound.
The fundus can be examined by ophthalmoscopy and/or fundus photography.
They are neuroendocrine cells, the former with primary endocrine functions and the latter with primary chemoreceptor functions.
The palatine tonsils and the nasopharyngeal tonsil are lymphoepithelial tissues located near the oropharynx and nasopharynx.
The dermis is tightly connected to the epidermis through a basement membrane.
Human lips are a tactile sensory organ, and can be an erogenous zone when used in kissing and other acts of intimacy.
Their number, in a single testis, is estimated by Berres at 250, and by Krause at 400.
The root is completely formed by 13 to 15 years of age.
The subscapular nerves are innervated by the posterior division of the brachial plexus.
They are named for Arthur Hill Hassall, who discovered them in 1846.
It is named after the Russian otologist Alexander Prussak.
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 3.
In the elderly, fatty deposits on the sclera can make it appear slightly yellow.
All glands are made up of epithelial cells.
It is one of the three main planes of the body used to describe the location of body parts in relation to each other.
Able to be seen under a microscope, they are lined by nonkeratinizing stratified squamous epithelium surrounded by fibrous tissue.
It is found deep to the Fascia of Camper and superficial to the external oblique muscle.
The cardinal ligament is a major ligament of the uterus.
It is prolonged on the tendons to the little finger and usually communicates with the mucous sheath of these tendons.
The sacral region of the spinal cord is fourth segment of vertebrae in the spinal cord which consists of the vertebrae 26-30.
Leg hair is hair that grows on the legs of humans, generally appearing at the onset of adulthood.
Although the hymen does not regenerate itself after it is torn, it may be surgically restored in a procedure called hymenorrhaphy.
They developed and are used primarily for firmly holding food in order to tear it apart, and occasionally as weapons.
The iliopectineal bursa frequently communicates by a circular aperture with the cavity of the hip joint.
The first molar is usually the first permanent tooth to erupt and has adult undertones.
Bile consists of water, electrolytes, bile acids, cholesterol, phospholipids and conjugated bilirubin.
It can be normal in puberty, fusion of the epiphysis, or abnormal.
Veins are less muscular than arteries and are often closer to the skin.
It serves to protect neurons against disease by maintaining selectively permeable barriers, mediating neuroinflammation and wound healing in damaged neurons, and mobilizing host defenses against pathogens.
The cytoplasm is blue in an H&E stain, indicating that it is basophilic.
A bronchopulmonary segment is a portion of lung supplied by a specific tertiary bronchus and arteries.
The lateral compartment contains the femoral artery, the intermediate compartment contains the femoral vein, and the medial and smallest compartment is called the femoral canal.
The Eustachian tube connects from the chamber of the middle ear to the back of the nasopharynx.
The fine touch is conducted by fibers of the medial lemniscus.
This structure is seen in some mammalian and squamate species and is sometimes tortuous in shape.
the number of hair follicles per unit area of skin – varies from person to person.
To destroy pathogens and remove dead neurons.
As its Latin name indicates, it is a characteristic component of the mucosa, "the mucosa's own special layer".
The hypodermis is derived from the mesoderm, but unlike the dermis, it is not derived from the dermatome region of the mesoderm.
The joint is a strong, weight transferral synovial plane joint with irregular elevations and depressions that produce interlocking of the two bones.
If clogged by a gallstone, a condition called choledocholithiasis can result.
Glucagon is now thought to act exclusively on the liver to trigger glycogenolysis and gluconeogenesis.
One testis is typically lower than the other, which functions to avoid compression in the event of impact.
The fascial compartments of arm refers to the specific anatomical term of the compartments within the upper segment of the upper limb(the arm) of the body.
Simple cuboidal epithelium is a type of epithelium that consists of a single layer of cuboidal cells.
Hinge and pivot joints are both types of synovial joint.
From the buccal, two roots are present.
Flagella are organelles defined by function rather than structure.
The orifice is surrounded by a sphincter, a band of muscle, called the pyloric sphincter.
The interatrial septum is the wall of tissue that separates the right and left atria of the heart.
The cuff adheres to the glenohumeral capsule and attaches to the humeral head.
The superficial muscles have their origin on the common flexor tendon.
The articular disc of the sternoclavicular articulation is flat and nearly circular, interposed between the articulating surfaces of the sternum and clavicle.
Links and References: Grant's: 1.15, 1.20 Netter: 176 Rohen/Yokochi: 193, 194
The bronchioles, or parabronchi generally open into microscopic air sacs called alveoli in mammals and atria in birds.
The nerve has been called by other names, including cranial nerve XIII, Zero Nerve, Nerve N, and NT.
It has two muscular rings or sphincters in its wall, one at the top and one at the bottom.
The neck is the part of the body, on many vertebrates, that separates the head from the torso or trunk.
They are similar in form to desmosomes when visualized by electron microscopy.
Behind the ostium of the eustachian tube is a deep recess, the pharyngeal recess.
Tooth enamel is one of the four major tissues that make up the tooth in humans and many other animals, including some species of fish.
Function of the cuneiform cartilages is to support the vocal folds and lateral aspects of the epiglottis.
It contains the vestibular folds, and between these and the vocal folds are the laryngeal ventricles.
Epsilon cells are endocrine cells found in the Islets of Langerhans and produce the hormone ghrelin.
There are described cases of variable median artery occurrence.
It is situated just rostral to the third ventricle.
Apocrine sweat glands are mostly limited to the axilla and perianal areas in humans.
The flexor retinaculum is a fibrous band on the palmar side of the hand near the wrist.
Their cell bodies reside in the embryonic ventricular zone, which lies next to the developing ventricular system.
Mamelons are easiest to observe on the Maxillary central incisors, and appear as three small prominences on the incisal edge of the tooth.
It is made up of three layers, anterior, middle, and posterior.
The tract may also be divided into foregut, midgut, and hindgut, reflecting the embryological origin of each segment.
An Interlobular duct is a gland duct which connects more than one lobule.
Lamellar corpuscles, or Pacinian corpuscles, are one of the four major types of mechanoreceptor cell in glabrous mammalian skin.
The axial skeleton is the part of the skeleton that consists of the bones of the head and trunk of a vertebrate.
The afferent arterioles are a group of blood vessels that supply the nephrons in many excretory systems.
The word pylorus comes from Greek πυλωρός, via Latin.
The air in the middle ear expands as the plane gains altitude, and pushes its way into the back of the nose and mouth.
In this example, the rib articulates with the manubrium via the costal cartilage.
This diffuse group of neuroendocrine sympathetic fibres was first described by Emil Zuckerkandl, a professor of anatomy at the University of Vienna, in 1901.
Its lateral surface is separated from the ramus of the mandible by a quantity of adipose tissue.
In the teeth, Sharpey's fibres are the terminal ends of principal fibres that insert into the cementum and into the periosteum of the alveolar bone.
Lymphatic capillaries are slightly larger in diameter than blood capillaries, and have closed ends.
It is the point where urine exits the urethra in males and in females, and also where semen exits the urethra in males.
Tonsillitis is an inflammation of the tonsils and will often, but not necessarily, cause a sore throat and fever.
The second-order neurons send their axons to the thalamus.
It is called the periosteum, or the periosteal surface.
Adult stem cells are undifferentiated cells, found throughout the body after development, that multiply by cell division to replenish dying cells and regenerate damaged tissues.
It appears as a thin longitudinal line that runs front to back over the entire scrotum.
It originates from the spinal column from below the 5th body of the sacrum
The zona pellucida first appears in unilaminar primary oocytes.
Dysfunctional meibomian glands often cause dry eyes, one of the more common eye conditions.
It is known to occur in humans, dogs, and other mammals, and often appears as a sudden swelling to one side of the anus.
They are sometimes believed to be a mark of beauty, alluding to the origin of their name.
At the top of the trachea the cricoid cartilage attaches it to the larynx.
Locally, the separations between adjacent collagen fibrils are very uniform.
The atlantoaxial joint is a joint in the upper part of the neck between the first and second cervical vertebrae; the atlas and axis.
The renal fascia or Gerota's fascia is a layer of connective tissue encapsulating the kidneys and the adrenal glands.
The membranous layer or stratum membranosum is the deepest layer of subcutaneous tissue.
The frontoethmoidal suture is the suture between the ethmoid bone and the frontal bone.
^ Cassin, B. and Solomon, S. Dictionary of Eye Terminology.
Bone tissue, or osseous tissue, is the major structural and supportive connective tissue of the body.
The prevertebral space is a space in the neck.
White adipose tissue or white fat is one of the two types of adipose tissue found in mammals.
They are formed from the confluence openings of several alveoli.
The medial umbilical ligament is a paired structure found in human anatomy.
The duodenum is protected by a thick layer of mucus and the neutralizing actions of the sodium bicarbonate and bile.
In addition to its primary role as the beginning of the digestive system, in humans the mouth also plays a significant role in communication.
Axolemma is involved in preventing the hyperexcitability of gray matter axons.
These hip adductor muscles that make up the groin consist of the adductor brevis, adductor longus, adductor magnus, gracilis, and pectineus.
A spinal interneuron, found in the spinal cord, relays signals between sensory neurons, and motor neurons.
They play an important role in the regulation of blood pressure as a part of the tubuloglomerular feedback mechanism.
This protection is important during venipuncture from the median cubital vein.
A nail is a horn-like envelope covering the tips of the fingers and toes in most primates and a few other mammals.
The anterior compartment of the forearm contains the following muscles:
In the male this is the mesorchium, and in the female, this is the mesovarium.
In histology, osteoid is the unmineralized, organic portion of the bone matrix that forms prior to the maturation of bone tissue.
Bursae are found around most major joints of the body.
Embryologically, the trabeculae are the remnants of the common precursor that forms both the arachnoid and pial layers of the meninges.
The mucus-secreting cells of the stomach can be distinguished histologically from the intestinal goblet cells, another type of mucus-secreting cell.
These enzymes help to further break down the carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids in the chyme.
The structure of the choroid is generally divided into four layers:
The output takes the form of action potentials in retinal ganglion cells whose axons form the optic nerve.
These are arranged as an inner layer of longitudinal muscles and an outer circular layer.
The sound vibrations are then transferred to the stapes through the incudostapedial joint.
The iliac fascia is a fascia in the region of the ilium of the pelvis.
The number of sacral vertebrae varies slightly.
The prostate is a compound tubuloalveolar exocrine gland of the male reproductive system in most mammals.
The popliteal fossa is a shallow depression located at the back of the knee joint.
In the deep groove on the upper surface of the posterior arch of the atlas are the vertebral artery and the first cervical or suboccipital nerve.
It crosses and anastomoses at its two ends with the middle cerebral vein and the transverse sinus.
laterally, by the ramus of mandible, which contains the mandibular foramen, leading to the mandibular canal through which the inferior alveolar nerve passes.
In humans and other mammals, it develops from an outgrowth in the embryo called the genital tubercle.
In the lumbar spine, for example, the facet joints function to protect the motion segment from anterior shear forces, excessive rotation and flexion.
The cranial cavity, or intracranial space, is the space formed inside the skull.
The palatovaginal canal is a canal between the sphenoid bone and the palatine bone that connects the nasopharynx with the pterygopalatine fossa.
Therefore, whereas the mandibular first premolar resembles a small canine, the mandibular second premolar is more alike to the first molar.
The thymus is largest and most active during the neonatal and pre-adolescent periods.
The chyme then enters the jejunum, where the useful portion of it is transformed into chyle.
It is composed of around 270 bones at birth – this total decreases to around 206 bones by adulthood after some bones have fused together.
The vestibular system includes the saccule, utricle, and the three semicircular canals.
It is an extension of the prevertebral fascia of the deep cervical fascia.
It is in line with the T9 vertebra.
Mamelons are quickly worn away by use.
The cervical enlargement corresponds with the attachments of the large nerves which supply the upper limbs.
Type 2, bitter, first characterized in 2000: TAS2R1 – TAS2R50, and TAS2R60
They are located on either side of the vestibule surrounding the urethral and vaginal openings and deep to the tissues of the labia minora.
The gastric glands are located in different regions of the stomach.
The incisive papilla is a projection on the palate near the incisors.
Pia mater is a thin fibrous tissue that is impermeable to fluid.
Humans have taste receptors on taste buds and other areas including the upper surface of the tongue and the epiglottis.
Gastrin-releasing peptide is released by the post-ganglionic fibers of the vagus nerve onto G cells during parasympathetic stimulation.
Together with the labia minora they form the labia of the vulva.
The human hand normally has five digits.
This information can be processed by the brain to determine the position of body parts.
The plantar ligaments have a similar arrangement to the dorsal.
In a few mammalian species, male lactation can occur.
Hemidesmosomes are very small stud- or rivet-like structures on the inner basal surface of keratinocytes in the epidermis of skin.
The fourth ventricle narrows at a region called the obex to become the central canal of the spinal cord.
The skin interfaces with the environment and is the first line of defense from external factors.
Branched alveolar glands are classified as follows:
Some very simple animals may not have a head, but many bilaterally symmetric forms do.
It is the longest tooth in total length in the mouth.
Such discoveries have made astrocytes an important area of research within the field of neuroscience.
In Western countries, extending the middle finger is an offensive and obscene gesture, widely recognized as a form of insult.
^ Physiology: 6/6ch4/s6ch4_17 - Essentials of Human Physiology
Gap junctions are analogous to the plasmodesmata that join plant cells.
The canine teeth are able to withstand the tremendous lateral pressures from chewing.
In human anatomy, the ureters are tubes made of smooth muscle fibers that propel urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder.
The anterior chamber tends to become shallower at older age, and in eyes with hypermetropia.
The size of the mons pubis varies with the level of hormone and body fat and tends to be larger for women.
Because serious infections of teeth can spread down this space into the posterior mediastinum, it is often confused with the danger space.
Neuropil comes from the Greek: neuro, meaning "tendon, sinew; nerve" and pilos, meaning "felt".
White fibrocartilage consists of a mixture of white fibrous tissue and cartilaginous tissue in various proportions.
The brachial plexus of nerves lies above the artery, and in close contact with it.
The primary function of the small intestine is the absorption of nutrients and minerals from food.
The epiphyseal plate is a hyaline cartilage plate in the metaphysis at each end of a long bone.
Muscles require innervation to function—and even just to maintain muscle tone, avoiding atrophy.
Its central part presents a deep longitudinal fissure, bounded by prominent overhanging anterior and posterior lips.
Consequently, dissection is typically conducted in a morgue or in an anatomy lab.
They serve to protect the lungs, heart, and other internal organs of the thorax.
The contraction of the muscle is then involuntary–stresses such as cold, fear etc.
Literally taken, it means that which is "around the tooth".
The laryngeal inlet is the opening that connects the pharynx and the larynx.
The VB gets inputs from the Spinothalamic tract, Medial lemniscus, and corticothalamic tract.
The capsule is a soft tissue envelope that encircles the glenohumeral joint and attaches to the scapula, humerus, and head of the biceps.
In humans the epidural space contains lymphatics, spinal nerve roots, loose connective tissue, fatty tissue, small arteries, and a network of internal vertebral venous plexuses.
Bones come in a variety of shapes and sizes and have a complex internal and external structure.
In the peripheral nervous system axons can be either myelinated or unmyelinated.
The arteries surrounding the optic nerve are sometimes called the "circle of Zinn-Haller".
The utricle, or utriculus, along with the saccule, is one of the two otolith organs located in the vertebrate inner ear.
The ganglion cell axons form the optic nerve after they leave the eye.
The first shares a common embryological origin with muscle cells, found in larger "classic" deposits.
Blood is filtered in the glomerulus by solute size.
This tract is primarily associated with the conduction of soft nociceptive information to the reticular formation in the thalamus.
The sacral spinal nerve 3 is a spinal nerve of the sacral segment.
In the spine, similar fibres join the intervertebral disc to the adjacent vertebrae.
The esophagus carries food through the throat to the stomach.
Due to its many attachments and features the occipital bone is described in terms of separate parts.
Normally, both lips are in contact with the posterior vaginal wall.
The vasa vasorum is a network of small blood vessels that supply the walls of large blood vessels, such as elastic arteries and large veins.
The ulnar nerve also runs the length of the forearm.
The free gingival margin is the interface between the sulcular epithelium and the epithelium of the oral cavity.
Erection of the porcupine's long, thick hairs causes the animal to become more intimidating, scaring predators.
At the end of ventricular systole, when the pressure in the right ventricle falls rapidly, the pressure in the pulmonary artery will close the pulmonary valve.
The central canal represents the adult remainder of the central cavity of the neural tube.
Active opening of the Eustachian tube is required to equalize the pressure between the middle ear and the surrounding atmosphere as the plane descends.
In anatomy, a process is a projection or outgrowth of tissue from a larger body.
The parametrium is the fibrous tissue that separates the supravaginal portion of the cervix from the bladder.
The perisinusoidal space is a location in the liver between a hepatocyte and a sinusoid.
There are many types of organelles, particularly in eukaryotic cells.
Normally, neutrophils contain a nucleus divided into 2–5 lobes.
It is covered by a layer of dense fibro-fatty tissue, situated beneath the semispinalis capitis.
In teleost and avian species these cells occupy a structure outside the thyroid gland named the ultimobranchial body.
It is the location where some males may develop Hirsuties papillaris genitalis, or "pearly penile papules", a common and harmless condition.
Interventricular means between the ventricles, while intraventricular means within one ventricle.
The passage into the sinusoids may be seen as a bottleneck, where erythrocytes need to be flexible in order to pass through.
The first ten ribs have two joints in close proximity posteriorly; the costovertebral joints and the costotranseverse joints.
The Papez circuit , or medial limbic circuit, is a neural circuit for the control of emotional expression.
Tubular glands are further classified as one of the following types:
Their main function is to process antigen material and present it on the cell surface to the T cells of the immune system.
one or two small bile ductules of cuboidal epithelium, branches of the bile conducting system.
An example is the common synovial sheath for the flexor tendons.
In many other mammals, this bone is completely fused to the supraoccipital as in humans.
Fascia is classified by layer, as superficial fascia, deep fascia, and visceral or parietal fascia, or by its function and anatomical location.
Water is absorbed here and the remaining waste material is stored as feces before being removed by defecation.
Another name for them is subchondral cortico-spongious progenitors.
For instance, in a vertebra, a process may serve for muscle attachment and leverage, or to fit, with another vertebra.
In the human mammary gland, the intralobular duct is a part of the glandular system that resides within the lobules.
It is usually regarded as a detached efferent duct.
With the sacral promontory, it makes up the linea terminalis.
It plays a critical role in the brain's interpretation of equilibrium.
Together, they function to collect tears produced by the lacrimal glands.
The equivalent surface in ungulates is the hoof.
The laminae give attachment to the ligamenta flava.
The conus elasticus or lateral ligament is the lateral thickened part of the cricothyroid membrane.
It is present about 90% of the time.
A variety of insults that cause inflammation can result in the cells transforming into myofibroblasts, resulting in collagen production, fibrosis, and cirrhosis.
Each lymphatic capillary carries lymph into a lymphatic vessel, which in turn connects to a lymph node.
They respond only to sudden disturbances and are especially sensitive to vibration.
The cells can therefore be grown for prolonged periods in vitro.
Ligaments join one bone to another bone, while tendons connect muscle to bone.
Cheeks constitute the area of the face below the eyes and between the nose and the left or right ear.
This region plays an important role in memory encoding and retrieval.
The rectum is the final straight portion of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals, and the gut in others.
Dense connective tissue, also called dense fibrous tissue, is a type of connective tissue with fibers as its main matrix element.
The inferior portion of the buccal fat pad is contained within the buccal space.
A part of the gluteus medius arises from this membrane.
The blood vessels are the part of the circulatory system that transports blood throughout the human body.
The sternocostal triangle or foramina of Morgagni are small zones lying between the costal and sternal attachments of the thoracic diaphragm.
The pterygospinous ligament stretches from the upper part of the posterior border of the lateral pterygoid plate to the spinous process of the sphenoid.
Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
A body cavity is any fluid-filled space in a multicellular organism other than those of vessels.
In the mouse embryo, the emergence of blood islands in the yolk sac at embryonic day 7 marks the onset of hematopoiesis.
It makes up the normally visible part of the tooth, covering the crown.
Prior to pregnancy the external orifice has a rounded shape when viewed through the vaginal canal.
Upon release of insulin from the pancreas, white adipose cells' insulin receptors cause a dephosphorylation cascade that lead to the inactivation of hormone-sensitive lipase.
The fibrils of each lamella are parallel with one another, but at different angles to those of adjacent lamellæ.
It is sometimes referred to by its French name tabatière.
Animal species such as cats that walk on their toes are described as being digitigrade.
These concentric corpuscles are composed of a central mass, consisting of one or more granular cells, and of a capsule formed of epithelioid cells.
As with other olfactory systems, chemical messages are detected by their binding to G protein-coupled receptors.
In humans, the formation of body odor happens mostly in the axillary region.
Thyrotropes are endocrine cells in the anterior pituitary which produce thyroid stimulating hormone in response to thyrotropin releasing hormone.
The smear is used to examine platelets for size, shape, qualitative number, and clumping.
Cardiovascular diseases frequently have no symptoms or may cause chest pain or shortness of breath.
At each divergent point is a corpus cavernosum of clitoris.
Muscles contract by sliding the thick and thin filaments along each other.
From its attachments it was thought to prevent overdistension of the ventricle, and was named the "moderator band".
The knee is a modified hinge joint, which permits flexion and extension as well as slight internal and external rotation.
The origin of speech in Homo sapiens is a widely debated and controversial topic.
Proper functioning of the anterior pituitary and of the organs it regulates can often be ascertained via blood tests that measure hormone levels.
The set of lymphatic tissue known as Waldeyer's tonsillar ring includes the adenoid tonsil, two tubal tonsils, two palatine tonsils, and the lingual tonsil.
In vertebrate anatomy, the throat is the anterior part of the neck, positioned in front of the vertebra.
Endothelial cells restrict the diffusion of microscopic objects and large or hydrophilic molecules into the cerebrospinal fluid, while allowing the diffusion of hydrophobic molecules.
Its floor is formed by the first rib with the first digitation of the serratus anterior.
In humans, the suprachiasmatic nucleus of the hypothalamus communicates the message of darkness to the pinealocytes, and as a result, controls the day and night cycle.
In histology, a lacuna is a small space containing an osteocyte in bone or chondrocyte in cartilage.
There is a skeleton of fibrous tissue that surrounds the conduction system which can be seen on an ECG.
The interphalangeal joints of the foot are between the phalanges of the toes.
Its primary function is to filter the blood of antigens, microorganisms, and defective or worn-out red blood cells.
Together, the infundibulum and fimbria find the oocyte after ovulation.
The *spinal* somatic efferent neurons, arise from motor neuron cell bodies in the ventral horns of the gray matter within the spinal cord.
In birds, reptiles and some mammals, the protective sac is enclosed in a shell or a uterus in most mammals.
A fracture here could cause entrapment of the medial rectus muscle.
It is closed by the diaphragm, which separates the thoracic cavity from the abdominal cavity.
The neurolemma or primitive sheath is not interrupted at the nodes, but passes over them as a continuous membrane.
Over the past decade, these structures have been shown to comprise a variety of some 10 or more molecular components.
It is the only type of cartilage that contains type I collagen in addition to the normal type II.
The recto-vesical pouch is the pocket that lies between the rectum and the urinary bladder in human males and other male mammals.
It was discovered by Frederik Ruysch prior to 1732 and later by Ludwig Jacobson in 1813.
Lymph vessels are lined by endothelial cells, and have a thin layer of smooth muscles, and adventitia that bind the lymph vessels to the surrounding tissue.
It joins the fascia of the pubocervical fascia that covers the anterior wall of the vagina.
The musculoskeletal system's primary functions include supporting the body, allowing motion, and protecting vital organs.
The gracile fasciculus arise from the fibers more medial than the cuneate fasciculus.
The process is the opposite of vasodilation, the widening of blood vessels.
The urinary system, also known as the renal system, consists of the kidneys, ureters, bladder, and the urethra.
It is from 15 to 17 mm.
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 7.
Located in the main shaft of a long bone, the medullary cavity has walls composed of spongy bone and is lined with a thin, vascular membrane.
It is found in the bone marrow.
In humans and many other animals, the stomach is located between the oesophagus and the small intestine.
The subcutaneous tissue, also called the hypodermis, hypoderm, subcutis, or superficial fascia, is the lowermost layer of the integumentary system in vertebrates.
In the MCP joints, they also indirectly provide stability to the longitudinal palmar arches of the hand.
The macula of the utricle is in a horizontal position and detects horizontal acceleration.
They are named after Giovanni Battista Morgagni who also has several other eponyms named after himself.
Papillary tumors of the central nervous system and particularly of the pineal region are very rare and so diagnosing them is extremely difficult.
Monoblasts are normally found in bone marrow and do not appear in the normal peripheral blood.
They are used primarily to grind food during chewing.
A transverse section of the canal as it lies in the prostate is horse-shoe-shaped, with the convexity directed forward.
The large intestine, also known as the large bowel or colon, is the last part of the gastrointestinal tract and of the digestive system in vertebrates.
Below, the two pelvic sympathetic trunks converge, and end on the front of the coccyx in a small ganglion, the ganglion impar.
The sphenoethmoidal recess is a small space in the nasal cavity into which the sphenoidal sinus opens.
However, it is not attached to the ulna, as the distance between these two bones varies with supination and pronation of the forearm.
Though it is not their primary function, the salivary glands may also function as scent glands in some animals.
There are between 2000 and 5000 taste buds that are located on the back and front of the tongue.
In the central nervous system, axons are myelinated by oligodendrocytes, thus lack neurolemma.
The margins of seminal colliculus are the following:
The intertragic notch is a feature of mammalian ear anatomy.
Group C nerve fibers are one of three classes of nerve fiber in the central nervous system and peripheral nervous system.
Not all vocal teachers have the same opinions within every topic of study which causes variations in pedagogical approaches and vocal technique.
This extra cusp is usually found on the first molar, and becomes progressively less likely in the second, third molars.
The clitoris is the human female's most sensitive erogenous zone and generally the primary anatomical source of human female sexual pleasure.
These are usually attributable to overactive sebaceous glands, which produce excess sebum.
A glomerulus is a network of capillaries located at the beginning of a nephron in the kidney.
In contrast, the human digestive system comprises the gastrointestinal tract plus the accessory organs of digestion.
It is present in 8% of individuals.
By contrast, skeletal muscle consists of multinucleated muscle fibers and exhibit no intercalated discs.
Tendons attach skeletal muscles to bones; ligaments connect bones to bones at joints.
Bone tissue is made up of different types of bone cells.
It houses the temporal lobes of the brain and the pituitary gland.
Haversian canals are contained within osteons, which are typically arranged along the long axis of the bone in parallel to the surface.
In the human skull, the zygomatic bone is a paired bone which articulates with the maxilla, the temporal bone, the sphenoid bone and the frontal bone.
Several problems can arise within the common bile duct.
However, earlobes are not generally considered to have any major biological function.
It works with the mouth, ears and nose, as well as a number of other parts of the body.
Bundles of axons make up the nerves.
The macula of the utricle, or utricular macula is the region of the utricle that receives the utricular filaments of the vestibulocochlear nerve.
The occipital condyles are undersurface protuberances of the occipital bone in vertebrates, which function in articulation with the superior facets of the atlas vertebra.
The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
This valve may be double or it may be cribriform.
The vitality of the dentin-pulp complex, both during health and after injury, depends on pulp cell activity and the signaling processes that regulate the cell’s behavior.
This adjustment of the lens is known as accommodation.
It is strengthened in front by a band termed the iliopubic tract.
Water and some minerals are reabsorbed back into the blood in the colon of the large intestine.
White rami communicantes contain both myelinated and unmyelinated preganglionic sympathetic fibers,.
In the female of the species the reproductive cells are the egg cells, and in the male the reproductive cells are the sperm.
The posterior cranial fossa is part of the cranial cavity, located between the foramen magnum and tentorium cerebelli.
The palate  is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals.
A juxtamedullary nephron is a type of nephron, found only in birds and mammals.
The choice of the term depends on the prominence of the feature.
It is nearer to the back than the front.
The spinal accessory nerve can often be found 1 cm above Erb's point.
Blood provides the body with oxygen and nutrients, as well as assists in the removal of metabolic wastes.
It is a shrivelled piece of tissue that represents the remnant of the embryonic urachus.
Over time, the concept of a forebrain circuit for the control of emotional expression has been modified to include the prefrontal cortex.
They are very few in number and are polygonal in shape.
The length of these loops may enable them to link or encircle dermal collagen fibers or other components such as those of the elastic microfibril network.
It is on the deep surface of the anterior abdominal wall, and is covered by the medial umbilical folds.
These pass the tears through the lacrimal canaliculi on to the lacrimal sac, in turn to the nasolacrimal duct, which dumps them out into the nose.
In iodine-sufficient regions, the most common cause of hypothyroidism is Hashimoto's thyroiditis—also an autoimmune disease.
The testicle or testis is the male gonad in animals.
These enzymes help to further break down the carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids in the chyme.
It is considered a fascia by some sources, but not by others.
Hair whorls occur in most hairy animals, on the body as well as on the head.
A heart valve opens or closes incumbent on differential blood pressure on each side.
Accessory visual structures are the adnexa of the eye, including the eyebrow, eyelids, and lacrimal apparatus.
There are many anatomical variants reported but these are quite rare.
The anterior layer is the thinnest and the posterior layer is the thickest.
It consists of the nephrons grouped around a single medullary ray, and draining into a single collecting duct.
The permanent maxillary molars are not considered to have any teeth that precede it.
The position of these teeth may determine the existence of an open bite or diastema.
The Infratemporal space is a fascial space of the head and neck.
A adrenocortical adenoma is a benign tumor of the adrenal cortex.
Viewed from the buccal the buccal cusp tip is centered mesiodistally.
This process also helps regulate the level of blood calcium.
The second layer of the inner root sheath of the hair consists of one or two layers of horny, flattened, nucleated cells, known as Huxley's layer.
Papillary ducts continue the work of water reabsorption and electrolyte balance initiated in the collecting tubules.
Of all fimbriae, one fimbria is long enough to reach the ovary.
It is also known by the eponym Hesselbach's triangle, after Franz Kaspar Hesselbach.
These veins can be used for cannularisation or venipuncture, although the cubital fossa is a preferred site for getting blood.
Nephrin defects are responsible for congenital kidney failure.
Dura mater, or dura, is a thick membrane that is the outermost of the three layers of the meninges that surround the brain and spinal cord.
The lamina propria contains capillaries and a central lacteal in the small intestine, as well as lymphoid tissue.
This is important because it forms the primary channel that electrical energy follows from the top to the bottom of the heart.
The four paired extrinsic muscles change the position of the tongue and are anchored to bone.
It is, however, constantly active at a basic level to maintain homeostasis.
The dendrites of a single neuron can contain hundreds to thousands of spines.
The anterior hyaloid membrane separates the front of the vitreous from the lens.
They produce a clear, odorless substance, consisting primarily of water.
Anatomy: The mandibular first molar has five cusps: the mesiobuccal, mesiolingual, distolingual, distobuccal, and distal, listed in order of decreasing size.
It is often referred to as the vitreous humour or simply "the vitreous".
The triangle had surgical significance in the late 19th century but now serves only for historical interest.
There is some debate that they may really represent nodules in diffuse nodular cortical hyperplasia.
Laterally, it is continuous with the articular capsules.
They are on each side of the frenulum under the tongue and run parallel next to the two distinct veins.
The palatomaxillary suture is a suture separating the maxilla from the palatine bone.
The infection can start suddenly or gradually.
The abbreviation "IT" is best not used; instead, "intrathecal" is spelled out to avoid medical mistakes.
The canal of Nuck, first described by Anton Nuck in 1691, is an abnormal patent pouch of peritoneum extending into the labia majora of women.
The origin of language in the human species has been the topic of scholarly discussions for several centuries.
Its edge is marked by Hart's line.
The one on the left, the left colic flexure is known as the splenic flexure.
In histology, it is very difficult to distinguish it from the other "-blast" cells.
Endomysium combines with perimysium and epimysium to create the collagen fibers of tendons, providing the tissue connection between muscles and bones by indirect attachment.
(Rectus capitus posterior minor is also in this region but does not form part of the triangle)
The lungs with their alveolar gas exchange units are sometimes referred to as the gas exchanger.
The somatic nervous system is the part of the peripheral nervous system associated with skeletal muscle voluntary control of body movements.
Costameres are sub-sarcolemmal protein assemblies circumferentially aligned in register with the Z-disk of peripheral myofibrils.
The Nissl method was commonly used as well as myelin sheath stains and silver stains.
Erythrocytes pass through the cords of Billroth before entering the sinusoids.
The origin of the superior cerebellar arteries.
They make up to 20% of the human islet cells synthesizing and secreting the peptide hormone glucagon, which elevates the glucose levels in the blood.
The breadth of the back is created by the shoulders at the top and the pelvis at the bottom.
Full ossification starts in the late twenties and finishes before the age of 50 .
There are various materials that can be used including a type of cement or stainless steel.
The effective arterial blood volume is that extracellular fluid which fills the arterial system.
The name "nuclear chain" refers to the structure of the central region of the fiber, where the sensory axons wrap around the intrafusal fibers.
In the case of wound healing, myoepithelial cells reactively proliferate.
Dendritic cells are antigen-presenting cells of the mammalian immune system.
The center of the pore often appears to contain a plug-like structure.
Fingernails and toenails are made of a tough protective protein called keratin.
Parietal pleura and renal capsule are in contact in this space, so possible infection can be transmitted through this space.
The sclera, also known as the white of the eye, is the opaque, fibrous, protective, outer layer of the eye containing collagen and elastic fiber.
The other accessory bands are known as the pubocapsular and the ischiocapsular ligaments.
The spleen and the thymus are also lymphoid organs of the immune system.
The thumb is the first digit of the hand.
Overall, in humans, the large intestine is about 1.5 metres long, which is about one-fifth of the whole length of the gastrointestinal tract.
Some other sources exclude the anal canal.
Examples of exocrine glands include sweat, salivary, mammary, ceruminous, lacrimal, sebaceous, and mucous.
These functions include fluid filtration, such as in the glomerulus of the kidney, blood vessel tone, hemostasis, neutrophil recruitment, and hormone trafficking.
At the rectosigmoid junction, the taeniae spread out and unite to form the longitudinal muscle layer.
A symphysis is a fibrocartilaginous fusion between two bones.
It separates the oral cavity from the nasal cavity.
The endocrine system is an information signal system like the nervous system, yet its effects and mechanism are classifiably different.
Unipolar brush cells are neurons specific to the cerebellum and the granule region of the dorsal cochlear nucleus.
The lobes are further divided into bronchopulmonary segments and lobules.
In other words, increased surface area decreases the average distance travelled by nutrient molecules, so effectiveness of diffusion increases.
In many animals, electrical synapse-based systems co-exist with chemical synapses.
Alveolar cells, or pneumocytes, are cells lining the alveoli of the lungs.
The free edge of the fimbriated fold occasionally exhibits a series of fringe-like processes..
A similar cell junction in non-epithelial, non-endothelial cells is the fascia adherens.
First, platelets attach to substances outside the interrupted endothelium: adhesion.
Cementum similarly adapts to wear on the occlusal surfaces of the teeth by apical deposition.
EC cells respond to both chemical and neurological stimuli.
Intersphincteric groove or Hilton's white line is a boundary in the anal canal.
Types of white blood cells can be classified in standard ways.
This epithelium is associated with filtration and diffusion.This tissue is extremely thin, and forms a delicate lining.
Endometrial seeding in this region causes cyclical pain in women of child bearing age.
Female mammals usually have the opening of the urethra of the urinary system separate to the vaginal opening of the genital tract.
Cervical spinal nerve 4, also called C4, is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment.
Visual, olfactive, “sapictive”, trigeminal, mechanical, all contribute to the perception of taste.
With anal sex, the anus can play a role in sexuality.
The term general efferent fibers refers to the efferent neurons of the autonomic nervous system that provide motor innervation to smooth muscle, cardiac muscle, and glands.
A number of glands that signal each other in sequence are usually referred to as an axis, for example, the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
The main olfactory system detects airborne substances, while the accessory system senses fluid-phase stimuli.
Autopsy is used in pathology and forensic medicine to determine the cause of death in humans.
Cardiomyocytes have a high mitochondrial density, which allows them to produce adenosine triphosphate quickly, making them highly resistant to fatigue.
These cells divide to produce Type B cells.
It is called a basophil because it is basophilic, and typically stains a relatively deep blue or purple.
The gastric mucosa is the mucous membrane layer of the stomach which contains the glands and the gastric pits.
It consists of two structures: a glomerulus and a Bowman's capsule.
The mediastinum supports the rete testis and blood vessels of the testis in their passage to and from the substance of the gland.
They have mainly been studied in humans and model organisms such as mice and rats.
Once synthesised, melanin is contained in a special organelle called a melanosome and moved along arm-like structures called dendrites, so as to reach the keratinocytes.
This results in faster conduction of the action potential.
The submandibular duct or Wharton duct or submaxillary duct, is one of the salivary excretory ducts.
It is often used in anatomical nomenclature to designate a sharp knee-like bend in a small structure or organ.
However the thickness of the RNFL also decreases with age and not visual acuity.
Finally, the entire nerve is wrapped in a layer of connective tissue called the epineurium.
In rodents, the lack of 17alpha-hydroxylase results in the synthesis of corticosterone instead of cortisol as in the human.
Bipolar cells are specialized sensory neurons for the transmission of special senses.
In the universal system of notation, the permanent mandibular canines are designated by a number.
They deliver information to the body about stress and impending danger, and are responsible for the familiar fight-or-flight response.
In neuroanatomy, a gyrus is a ridge on the cerebral cortex.
A normal cup to disc ratio is 0.3; a larger ratio may suggest glaucoma.
It is attached to the prevertebral layer by loose connective tissue only, and thus an easily distended space, the retropharyngeal space, is found between them.
They branch out from the superior cervical ganglia of the sympathetic chain.
Synaptosomes isolated from mammalian brain often retain a piece of the attached postsynaptic membrane, facing the active zone.
The right lobe is much larger than the left; the proportion between them being as six to one.
The corneal epithelium consists of several layers of cells.
These are located on top of the taste receptor cells that constitute the taste buds.
Its distal border the free edge of the nail plate—or where that edge would project downwards onto the epidermis.
From here it is pumped into the pulmonary circulation, through the lungs where it receives oxygen and gives off carbon dioxide.
Two convex facets from the head attach to two adjacent vertebrae.
The pubis bone constitutes its lower limit.
Physiology focuses on the systems and organs of the human body and their functions.
Glands of Moll empty into the adjacent lashes.
It is often incorrectly referred to as the basement membrane, though it does constitute a portion of the basement membrane.
Breasts and especially the nipples are an erogenous zone on women.
The erector spinae muscles and the transversospinales muscles are then enclosed between the middle and posterior layers.
Prolactin cells are acidophilic by hematoxylin & eosin stains and comprise about 20% of all cells in the anterior pituitary gland.
Associated organs composed of lymphoid tissue are the sites of lymphocyte production.
The anterior trigeminothalamic tract is composed of second order neuronal axons.
There are 8 cervical nerves, 12 thoracic nerves, 5 lumbar nerves and 5 sacral nerves.
Saccular acoustic sensitivity is considered to be simply an extension of the sense of hearing through the use of the saccule.
In anatomy and physiology, a duct is a circumscribed channel leading from an exocrine gland or organ.
An older simplification of the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems as "excitory" and "inhibitory" was overturned due to the many exceptions found.
The parasubicular area is a transitional zone between the presubiculum and the entorhinal area in the mouse, the rat and the primate.
Each hair cell of the macula contains 40 to 70 stereocilia and one true cilia, called a kinocilium.
The serous demilune is an artifact from traditional methods of preparing samples.
The duct of Wirsung is named after its discoverer, the German anatomist Johann Georg Wirsung.
The scalp is the anatomical area bordered by the face at the front, and by the neck at the sides and back.
A cholecystocyte is an epithelial cell found in the gallbladder.
It is structurally the same, but appears in ribbonlike patterns that do not completely encircle the cells.
The largest bone in the body is the femur or thigh-bone, and the smallest is the stapes in the middle ear.
The periventricular nucleus does not have an effective blood–brain barrier.
The human tongue is divided into two parts, an oral part at the front and a pharyngeal part at the back.
The crista ampullaris is the sensory organ of rotation.
Schindylesis is an articulation in which two bones are joined by fitting the ridge of one bone into the groove of another.
The smooth muscle constricts under parasympathetic innervation and relax under sympathetic innervation.
The perifovea contains an even more diminished density of cones, having 12 per 100 micrometres versus 50 per 100 micrometres in the most central fovea.
The basic configuration of a vertebra varies; the large part is the body, and the central part is the centrum.
These bridges are subject to thermal motion which prevents them from assuming a fully extended conformation.
The stria is a somewhat stratified epithelium containing primarily three cell types and intraepithelial capillaries.
Ultimately, the forearm is covered by skin, the anterior surface usually being less hairy than the posterior surface.
Although they are often described as distinct compartments, the subarachnoid cisterns are in fact not truly anatomically distinct.
Parallel fibers arise from granule cells in the cerebellar cortex.
In infancy it is of a brighter hue, the vascular redness being more marked.
If glands are categorized by shape, tubular glands contrast with alveolar glands.
Proximal prolongations of the cavity occur between the scaphoid and lunate and between the lunate and triquetrum.
In it runs the posterior interventricular artery and middle cardiac vein.
A neurological disorder is any disorder of the nervous system.
This point is located approximately at the junction of the upper and middle thirds of this muscle.
All skeletal muscles are attached to some component of the skeleton, unlike smooth muscle which comprises hollow organs such as the intestines or blood vessels.
Collateral circulation is the alternate circulation around a blocked artery or vein via another path, such as nearby minor vessels.
It is now thought that the earliest site of action potential initiation is found just adjacent, in the initial segment of the axon.
Synaptosomes are obtained by mild homogenization of nervous tissue under isotonic conditions and subsequent fractionation using differential and density gradient centrifugation.
Development of Sertoli cells is directed by the testis-determining factor protein.
They form part of the polymorphonuclear cells family together with basophils and eosinophils.
In the adult, the ureters are usually 25–30 cm long and ~3–4 mm in diameter.
They mature into monocytes which, in turn, develop into macrophages.
Many systems and mechanisms interact in order to maintain homeostasis, with safe levels of substances such as sugar and oxygen in the blood.
Its homologue in the hand is the transverse metacarpal ligament, which connects the metacarpals to each other.
On the surface of the organ this tissue is much condensed, and forms a layer composed of short connective-tissue fibers, with fusiform cells between them.
A proerythroblast is the earliest of four stages in development of the normoblast.
Its anterior surface, transparent and more curved, is known as the cornea of the bulbus oculi.
An axon is one of two types of protoplasmic protrusions that extrude from the cell body of a neuron, the other type being dendrites.
A precapillary sphincter is a band of smooth muscle that adjusts blood flow into capillaries mainly in the mesenteric microcirculation.
The brain can also be the site of tumours, both benign and malignant; these last mostly originate from other sites in the body.
They are used commonly in ship masts, radio masts, wind turbines, utility poles, fire service extension ladders used in church raises and tents.
In this case, lower limbs venous ultrasonography plays an important role in evaluating which continent perforators can be used.
Rather, these subarachnoid spaces are separated from each other by a trabeculated porous wall with various-sized openings.
The three muscles originate from the ilium and sacrum and insert on the femur.
the sensory cells of the inner ear for more details)
Alternatively, a computed tomographic angiogram or magnetic resonance angiogram is performed.
There are two facet joints in each spinal motion segment and each facet joint is innervated by the recurrent meningeal nerves.
It also contains a large number of serous glands that produce a lot of thin saliva.
Veins and lymphatic vessels drain along the edges of the segment.
They are of small size in the unimpregnated uterus, but shortly after impregnation become enlarged and elongated, presenting a contorted or waved appearance.
The rest is provided by the auriculotemporal nerve, which supplies the skin anterior to the external auditory meatus.
Anatomic studies have demonstrated figures of 250-290 for the same.
The iliococcygeal raphe is a raphe representing the midline location where the levator ani converge.
Human macrophages are about 21 micrometres in diameter and are produced by the differentiation of monocytes in tissues.
A balance between attractive and repulsive forces is reached for specific inter-fibrillar distances, which depends on the type of proteoglycans present.
The open pores of endothelial cells greatly increase their permeability.
It extends from the apex of the bladder to the umbilicus, on the deep surface of the anterior abdominal wall.
Intrafusal muscle fibers are skeletal muscle fibers that serve as specialized sensory organs that detect the amount and rate of change in length of a muscle.
The several subsets of T cells each have a distinct function.
Tubular glands retain their shape as a tube throughout their length whereas alveolar glands have a saclike secretory portion.
Sex differences may be induced by specific genes, by hormones, by anatomy, or by social learning.
Also, Onuf’s nucleus is found almost symmetrically on both sides of the ventral horn.
There are 3 types of specific striated muscles, these being:
Each strand of vellus hair is usually less than 2 mm long and the follicle is not connected to a sebaceous gland.
The chin or the mental region is the area of the face below the lower lip and including the mandibular prominence.
The fascia of Scarpa is the deep membranous layer, of the superficial fascia of the abdomen.
In both species, the peptide hormone Urocortin3 is a major local signal that is released from beta cells to induce the local secretion of somatostatin.
Those blood vessels provide nourishment and waste removal for both dermal and epidermal cells.
provide an alkaline condition for the intestinal enzymes to be active, thus enabling absorption to take place;
When food enters the stomach, these folds stretch outward.
They are so-called because of their resemblance to the teeth of a comb as in pecten.
In humans, the sacrum supports the spine and is supported in turn by an ilium on each side.
This allows the blood to be diverted to elsewhere in the body.
It is pearl-grey in color with firm consistency and has a considerable amount of collagen.
The blood plasma is filtered through the capillaries of the glomerulus into the capsule.
In the universal system of notation, the permanent mandibular lateral incisors are designated by a number.
It is occasionally abnormal, when it is neoplastic or autoimmune in origin.
The medical history of people with brain injury has provided insight into the function of each part of the brain.
It is opened by the posterior cricoarytenoid muscles.
They are branches of the bronchi, and are part of the conducting zone of the respiratory system.
Cardiac muscle consists of individual heart muscle cells connected by intercalated discs to work as a single functional organ or syncytium.
However, in bony terms the 'socket' is quite shallow and small, covering at most only a third of the 'ball'.
Intubation is also carried out for the same reason by the inserting of a tube into the trachea.
The muscles of the rotator cuff are supraspinatus, subscapularis, infraspinatus, and teres minor.
In doing so, they cover the paravertebral muscles.
The dorsal ligaments pass transversely between the dorsal surfaces of the bases of the adjacent metatarsal bones.
In humans, there are two premolars per quadrant in the permanent set of teeth, making eight premolars total in the mouth.
The thoracic spinal nerve 10 is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
The term "superficial penile fascia" is more common, but "subcutaneous tissue of penis" is the term used by Terminologia Anatomica.
The human tongue is divided into two parts, an oral part at the front and a pharyngeal part at the back.
The lateral grey column is primarily involved with activity in the sympathetic division of the autonomic motor system.
These are the spermatogonial stem cells that undergo active mitosis.
According to one classification system they are said to be uniaxial.
Each clitoral crus connects to the rami of the pubis and the ischium.
The cervical fascia is fascia found in the region of the neck.
There are other smaller recesses including those around the duodenojejunal flexure, cecum, and the sigmoid colon.
The auricle or auricula is the visible part of the ear that resides outside of the head.
The sympathetic nervous system's primary process is to stimulate the body's fight-or-flight response.
The bone beneath is the temporal bone as well as part of the sphenoid bone.
In certain places, it is fixed to the walls of the cavity.
After ovulation, during the luteal phase, the egg will be available to be fertilized by sperm.
Antimicrobial compounds found in these glands may be biosynthesized by the animal itself, or by microorganisms that live in these glands.
The major duodenal papilla is, in most people, the primary mechanism for the secretion of bile and other enzymes that facilitate digestion.
On a lateral radiograph, it is evident as Blumensaat's line.
nuclear chain fibers and afferent nerve fibers
It carries pain,crude touch and temperature sensory information to the thalamus.
The common bile duct, sometimes abbreviated CBD, is a duct in the gastrointestinal tract of organisms that have a gall bladder.
This pulls the clitoral shaft in such a way that the clitoral glans appears to retract beneath the clitoral hood.
The urinary meatus, also known as the external urethral orifice, is the opening or meatus of the urethra.
A spermatozoon joins an ovum to form a zygote.
This results in compression of the hyaloid canal, so that the volume of the eye remains constant.
The olfactory foramina, also known as the cribriform foramina, is the grouping of holes located on the cribriform plate.
Like the ovaries to which they are homologous, the testicles are components of both the reproductive system and the endocrine system.
The septal nasal cartilage, is composed of hyaline cartilage.
The vibrational role may be used to detect surface texture, e.g., rough vs. smooth.
Thus, spermatogenesis is the male version of gametogenesis, of which the female equivalent is oogenesis.
This area normally undergoes no remodeling in adult life, and is extremely dense.
From the liver, the fat released from chylomicron remnants can be re-exported to the blood as the triglyceride component of very low-density lipoproteins.
This route is also used to introduce drugs that fight certain infections, particularly post-neurosurgical.
In normal adults it can be moved roughly 2 mm and with 1 degree rotation.
DHEA is further converted to DHEA-sulfate via a sulfotransferase, SULT2A1.
Depending on the counting technique used, studies have found that the astrocyte proportion varies by region and ranges from 20% to 40% of all glia.
In the human larynx, the cuneiform cartilages are two small, elongated pieces of yellow elastic cartilage, placed one on either side, in the aryepiglottic fold.
Bone tissue forms the rigid part of the bones that make up the skeleton.
The opening into the uterus is called the internal os, and the opening into the vagina is called the external os.
In common usage the arm extends to the hand.
The interphalangeal joints of the hand are the hinge joints between the phalanges of the hand.
The juxtaglomerular apparatus consists of three types of cells:
The mucous sheaths of the tendons around the ankle protect tendons in the ankle.
The sphenopetrosal fissure is the cranial suture between the sphenoid bone and the petrous portion of the temporal bone.
The fold is formed by the fusion of the superficial and mammary faciae.
The human brain is the central organ of the human nervous system, and with the spinal cord makes up the central nervous system.
The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
A pulled groin muscle usually refers to a painful injury sustained by straining the hip adductor muscles.
The autonomic nervous system functions to regulate the body's unconscious actions.
The arrector pili muscles are small muscles attached to hair follicles in mammals.
The vocal fold is the upper free margin of the conus elasticus which is covered by mucous membrane.
As a result of the Intraocular pressure it bulges slightly outwards.
A group of organized osteoblasts together with the bone made by a unit of cells is usually called the osteon.
Those blood vessels provide nourishment and waste removal for both dermal and epidermal cells.
Bile canaliculi are formed by grooves on some of the lateral faces of these hepatocytes.
The obturator artery, obturator vein, and obturator nerve all travel through the canal.
Grey matter is a major component of the central nervous system, consisting of neuronal cell bodies, neuropil, glial cells, synapses, and capillaries.
The liver has a wide range of functions, including detoxification of various metabolites, protein synthesis, and the production of biochemicals necessary for digestion.
The term obelion is applied to that point of the sagittal suture which is on a level with the parietal foramina.
The passage of lymph for example takes much longer than that of blood.
The Canals of Hering, or intrahepatic bile ductules, are part of the outflow system of exocrine bile product from the liver.
Metarterioles, a vessel that links arterioles and capillaries
It is surrounded by fimbriae, which help in the collection of the oocyte.
It is usually about 20–40 nm wide.
Myocytes are long, tubular cells that develop from myoblasts to form muscles in a process known as myogenesis.
The macula in humans has a diameter of around 5.5 mm and is subdivided into the umbo, foveola, foveal avascular zone, fovea, parafovea, and perifovea areas.
It is a small pit that contains the largest concentration of cone cells.
Used as the zero plane in computed tomography.
This type of epithelium is often permeable and occurs where small molecules pass quickly through membranes via filtration or diffusion.
The third cranial nerve, which passes between the posterior cerebral and superior cerebellar arteries.
The facet joints, are a set of synovial, plane joints between the articular processes of two adjacent vertebrae.
Osteons are roughly cylindrical structures that are typically several millimeters long and around 0.2mm in diameter.
The epitympanic recess is a hollow located on the superior/roof aspect of the middle ear.
Neural signals from the rods and cones undergo processing by other neurons of the retina.
The term usually encompasses the entire fetoplacental circulation, which includes the umbilical cord and the blood vessels within the placenta that carry fetal blood.
Cell junctions are especially important in enabling communication between neighboring cells via specialized proteins called communicating junctions.
Situated at the base of the atrium, it measures about 4 cm.
Because the taenia coli are shorter than the intestine, the colon becomes sacculated between the teniae coli, forming the haustra.
Artificial livers are yet to be developed to promote long-term replacement in the absence of the liver.
These disordered proteins are the FG nucleoporins, so called because their amino-acid sequence contains many phenylalanine—glycine repeats.
It lies posterior and superior to the superior concha.
The duodenal bulb is the portion of the duodenum which is closest to the stomach.
It is also the spot where the Heimlich Maneuver is able to produce a rapid and forceful exhalation of breath.
In minute arteries the fenestrated membrane is a very thin layer; but in the larger arteries, and especially in the aorta, it has a considerable thickness.
It includes the pisohamate ligament and pisometacarpal ligament.
These primarily include latissimus dorsi and serratus posterior inferior.
The parotid duct or Stensen duct is a duct and the route that saliva takes from the major salivary gland, the parotid gland into the mouth.
It provides an articulating surface for the acetabulum, allowing the head of the femur to articulate with the pelvis.
The vermilion border is the normally sharp demarcation between the lip and the adjacent normal skin.
Such immovable joints are also referred to as synarthroses.
The intervening cancellous tissue is called the diploë.
In the human brain region V1 synaptic vesicles have an average diameter of 39.5 nanometers with a standard deviation of 5.1 nanometers.
A decrease below the lower limit is called leukopenia.
The upper part of the glands consist of mucous neck cells; in this part the dividing cells are seen.
Cerebrospinal fluid is located in the subarachnoid space between the arachnoid mater and the pia mater.
The term refers mainly to four spaces in the abdominal cavity; the two paracolic gutters and the two paramesenteric gutters.
The cervix or cervix uteri is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system.
In certain organisms, these smaller substances are absorbed through the small intestine into the blood stream.
Anatomists use the term triangles of the neck to describe the divisions created by the major muscles in the region.
The Iliopectineal line divides the pelvis into the pelvis major above and the pelvis minor below.
The deep fasciae envelop all bone; cartilage, and blood vessels and become specialized in muscles and nerves.
The interlobar arteries each in turn branch into arcuate arteries, which in turn branch to form interlobular arteries, and these finally reach the glomeruli.
Mesothelium is the epithelial component of serosa.
Both obturator muscles are connected with this membrane.
The lumbosacral joint is a joint of the body, between the last lumbar vertebra and the first sacral segment of the vertebral column.
The posterior grey column of the spinal cord is one of the three grey columns of the spinal cord.
Capsaicin activates C fibers Vanilloid receptors, giving chili peppers a hot sensation.
Chemical analysis shows that they are composed of calcium phosphate, calcium carbonate, magnesium phosphate, and ammonium phosphate.
The corneal endothelium are specialized, flattened, mitochondria-rich cells that line the posterior surface of the cornea and face the anterior chamber of the eye.
The corneal endothelium is a single layer of cells on the inner surface of the cornea.
Functions of the nervous system are sensory input, integration, control of muscles and glands, homeostasis, and mental activity.
Sympathetic innervation is mediated by postganglionary fibres which arise in the superior cervical ganglion and pass through the otic ganglion without synapsing.
Synaptosomes may be used to isolate postsynaptic densities or the presynaptic active zone with attached synaptic vesicles.
The gastroduodenal artery, portal vein, and common bile duct lie just behind it.
It is sourced from the segmental medullary arteries and the segmental spinal arteries which are sourced from the intercostal arteries.
Pubic hair is part of a person's body hair and a secondary sex characteristic.
It should not be confused with the triangular interval.
PP cells, or gamma cells, are cells which produce pancreatic polypeptides in the pancreatic islets of the pancreas.
The neurolemma forms a regeneration tube through which the growing axon reestablishes its original connection.
The lacrimal papilla is an elevation located on the medial canthus where the punctum is found.
The adrenal cortex produces three main types of steroid hormones: mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, and androgens.
Nerve fibres with the ventral root then combine to form a spinal nerve.
The third order neurons arise from thalamus to the postcentral gyrus.
Reid's base line is used for an unambiguous definition of the orientation of the human skull in conventional radiography, computer tomography, and magnetic resonance imaging studies.
It is continuous with the subdural and subarachnoid spaces, and is traversed by fine bands of connective tissue.
The sarcomere is responsible for the striated appearance of skeletal muscle, and forms the basic machinery necessary for muscle contraction.
It originates from the spinal cord above the 4th cervical vertebra.
Skeletal muscles are composed of tubular muscle cells which are formed in a process known as myogenesis.
When present, it is found in the forearm, between the radial artery and ulnar artery.
They destroy bone through a rapid, transient mechanism called osteocytic osteolysis.
They are sometimes used as anatomical landmarks in radiological examinations.
Lymph is the fluid that is formed when interstitial fluid enters the initial lymphatic vessels of the lymphatic system.
anteriorly, by the infratemporal surface of the maxilla and the ridge which descends from its zygomatic process
They have been identified in both extinct and extant vertebrates.
It is inferior to the fibrous pericardium, which fuses with the central tendon of the diaphragm via the pericardiacophrenic ligament.
They will travel to the lacrimal gland via the lacrimal nerve.
The shape of the nose is determined by the ethmoid bone and the nasal septum, which consists mostly of cartilage and which separates the nostrils.
The lungs which are located in the thoracic cavity ,are protected from physical damage by the rib cage.
This neuron contains an axon that has split into two branches; one branch runs to the periphery and the other to the spinal cord.
Accessory spleens are found in approximately 10 percent of the population and are typically around 1 centimeter in diameter.
It is located behind the perineum which is located behind the vagina in females and behind the scrotum in males.
The lobules drain milk through the lactiferous ducts out of the nipples.
In humans, skin pigmentation varies among populations, and skin type can range from dry to oily.
The thoracic spinal nerve 5 is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
A wisdom tooth or third molar is one of the three molars per quadrant of the human dentition.
The posterior column is composed of gracile fasciculus and cuneate fasciculus.
The portion of the posterior segment visible during ophthalmoscopy is sometimes referred to as the posterior pole, or fundus.
Each has a large number of nuclei concentrated in bags and they cause excitation of both the primary and secondary nerve fibers.
The diaphragm and, to a lesser extent, the intercostal muscles drive respiration during quiet breathing.
That curl of the inferior portion of the lateral cartilage is called its "scroll."
There are great differences between the deciduous maxillary molars and those of the permanent maxillary molars, even though their function are similar.
On average, the human tongue has 2,000–8,000 taste buds.
The term "splanchnologia" is used for grouping in Nomina Anatomica, but not in Terminologia Anatomica.
The fibers terminate at Rexed laminae I and V.
The VB serves as the main relay for nociceptive stimuli and the modulation of that stimuli to the primary somatosensory cortex.
The shallowness of the venous blood supply of the mucosa contributes to the ease with which nosebleed can occur.
The uterosacral ligaments belong to the major ligaments of uterus.
The renal cortex is the outer portion of the kidney between the renal capsule and the renal medulla.
This provides a physical barrier that constitutes an important line of defense between the gut contents and the immune system of the host.
In mature bone, osteocytes and their processes reside inside spaces called lacunae and canaliculi, respectively.
Open when breathing and vibrating for speech or singing, the folds are controlled via the vagus nerve.
Its function is to provide a site for fluid reabsorption.
The bregma is formed by the intersection of the sagittal and coronal sutures.
The labia majora are two prominent longitudinal cutaneous folds that extend downward and backward from the mons pubis to the perineum.
The composition and number of accessory cells in Hassall’s corpuscles depends on their stage of development.
These cells are extremely important in Chondrogenesis due to their role in forming both the Chondrocytes and cartilage matrix which will eventually form cartilage.
Cell junctions are especially abundant in epithelial tissues.
In biology, the extracellular matrix is a collection of extracellular molecules secreted by cells that provides structural and biochemical support to the surrounding cells.
In the female, the uterus and vagina occupy the interval between these viscera.
They are a type of nerve ending in the skin that is responsible for sensitivity to light touch.
The throat contains various blood vessels, pharyngeal muscles, the nasopharyngeal tonsil, the tonsils, the palatine uvula, the trachea, the esophagus, and the vocal cords.
The vagus nerve innervates the G cells.
The peritoneal cavity is a potential space between the parietal peritoneum and visceral peritoneum.
Chemical communication does appear to occur among humans, but this does not necessarily imply that the human vomeronasal organ is functional.
Along with the ciliary body and iris, the choroid forms the uveal tract.
Axoplasm has a different composition of organelles and other materials than that found in the neuron's cell body or dendrites.
The amount of elastin fiber determines how much extensibility and resilience it will have.
These gutters are clinically important because they allow a passage for infectious fluids from different compartments of the abdomen.
The anatomical macula is defined histologically in terms of having two or more layers of ganglion cells.
Combinations of these receptors in dimers or other complexes contributes to different perceptions of taste.
Image-resolving eyes are present in molluscs, chordates and arthropods.
It was first described by Albinus in 1758.
The acetabular labrum is a ring of cartilage that surrounds the acetabulum of the hip.
This vascular structure is also sometimes called "circle of Zinn".
The seminiferous tubules are formed from the testis cords that develop from the primitive gonadal cords, formed from the gonadal ridge.
Anatomically, it is part of the lower limb.
The tongue is covered with thousands of small bumps called papillae, which are visible to the naked eye.
Within a nerve, each axon is surrounded by a layer of connective tissue called the endoneurium.
The medulla of ovary is a highly vascular stroma in the center of the ovary.
Gamma motoneurons innervate only intrafusal muscle fibers, whereas beta motoneurons innervate both extrafusal and intrafusal muscle fibers and so are referred to as skeletofusimotor neurons.
It is a remnant of the mesonephric tubules.
Amygdalohippocampal area is a cytoarchitecturally defined portion of the periamygdalar area and the cortical amygdalar nucleus at the caudal extreme of the amygdala.
Synovia, more often called synovial fluid,[help 1] is a viscous, non-Newtonian fluid found in the cavities of synovial joints.
The elbow includes prominent landmarks such as the olecranon, the elbow pit, the lateral and medial epicondyles, and the elbow joint.
It is a passage both for urination and ejaculation of semen.
The adult human body has about 42 billion osteocytes.
Each joint capsule has two parts: an outer fibrous layer or membrane, and an inner synovial layer or membrane.
The canine teeth are able to withstand the tremendous lateral pressure caused by chewing.
Each hemisphere is conventionally divided into four lobes – the frontal, temporal, parietal, and occipital lobes.
Informally it is known as the neck of the tooth.
It supports the structures of the face and provides a protective cavity for the brain.
The maxillary second molar is the tooth located distally from both the maxillary first molars of the mouth but mesial from both maxillary third molars.
Although they are not normally harmful, kidney stones can be extremely painful.
Close relations exist between epthelial cells and nerve endings.
The tunica albuginea is the fibrous envelope of the corpora cavernosa penis.
Their role as shock absorbers in the spine is crucial.
The human body, apart from areas of glabrous skin, is covered in follicles which produce thick terminal and fine vellus hair.
Clearance of soluble proteins, waste products, and excess extracellular fluid is accomplished through convective bulk flow of the ISF, facilitated by astrocytic aquaporin 4 water channels.
These fibers can stretch up to 1.5 times their length, and snap back to their original length when relaxed.
It contains the filum terminale and the nerve roots of the cauda equina.
The CSF also serves a vital function in cerebral autoregulation of cerebral blood flow.
In human anatomy, the groin is the junctional area between the abdomen and the thigh on either side of the pubic bone.
The GI tract releases hormones from enzymes to help regulate the digestive process.
In vertebrate anatomy, ribs are the long curved bones which form the rib cage.
M cells express the protease cathepsin E, similar to other antigen presenting cells.
A recent review noted that carbachol increases ICC activity through this channel.
The duodenum  is the first section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds.
The nervous systems of the radially symmetric organisms ctenophores and cnidarians consist of a diffuse nerve net.
On these surfaces, the cells perform secretion and absorption.
In humans, the heart is located between the lungs, in the middle compartment of the chest.
The shape of the developmental and supplementary grooves, on the occlusal surface, are describes as being 'M' shaped.
The distal radioulnar articulation is a joint between the two bones in the forearm; the radius and ulna.
In male anatomy, the lacuna magna is the largest of several recesses in the roof of the navicular fossa of the urethra.
Cell junctions consist of multiprotein complexes that provide contact between neighboring cells or between a cell and the extracellular matrix.
From that sac, the tears drain through the lacrimal duct into the nose.
The xiphisternal joint is a location near the bottom of the sternum, where the body of the sternum and the xiphoid process meet.
From its femoral attachment some of the fibers are reflected upward along the neck as longitudinal bands, termed retinacula.
Therefore, therapeutic medial branch blocks are ineffectual.
The exact composition of the secretions from Bowman's glands is unclear, but there is evidence that Bowman's glands do not produce odorant binding protein.
The author's hypothesize that this complex area assists with outflow of cerebrospinal fluid.
Sinuses are mucosa-lined airspaces within the bones of the face and skull.
It is of importance in the digestive system and is the primary organ of taste in the gustatory system.
The ends of the endothelial cells that make up the wall of a lymphatic capillary overlap.
Jawed vertebrates have an adaptive immune system, based largely on white blood cells.
A mamelon, is one of three rounded protuberances which are present on the cutting edge of an incisor tooth when it first erupts through the gum.
The pharynx makes up the part of the throat situated immediately behind the nasal cavity, behind the mouth and above the esophagus and larynx.
An azurophilic granule is a cellular object readily stainable with a Romanowsky stain.
Muscles are predominantly powered by the oxidation of fats and carbohydrates, but anaerobic chemical reactions are also used, particularly by fast twitch fibers.
The parasternal line is a vertical line on the front of the thorax.
The masseteric fascia is a strong layer of fascia derived from the deep cervical fascia on the human head and neck.
For example, antenna masts are often held up by three guy-wires at 120° angles.
It originates from the spinal column from below the 3rd body of the sacrum
Mammals normally have a pair of eyes.
It consists of all the parts which do not carry out the specific functions of the organ, for example, connective tissue, blood vessels, nerves, ducts, etc.
They protrude into the venous sinuses of the brain, and allow cerebrospinal fluid to exit the sub-arachnoid space and enter the blood stream.
A megakaryocyte is a large bone marrow cell with a lobulated nucleus responsible for the production of blood thrombocytes, which are necessary for normal blood clotting.
Glands of Zeis are unilobar sebaceous glands located on the margin of the eyelid.
Vellus hair is short, thin, slight-colored, and barely noticeable thin hair that develops on most of a person's body during childhood.
As a part of the mononuclear phagocyte system, it metabolizes hemoglobin removed from senescent red blood cells.
The lacrimal lake is the pool of tears in the lower conjunctival cul-de-sac, which drains into the opening of the tear drainage system.
The eminentia conchae is crossed by a vertical ridge, the ponticulus, which gives attachment to the Auricularis posterior muscle.
In recent times the term has often been used instead to describe the smallest arterioles directly prior to the capillaries.
Constriction of these sphincters reduces or shuts off blood flow through their respective capillary beds.
A chromophobe is a histological structure that does not stain readily, and thus appears relatively pale under the microscope.
The spleen plays important roles in regard to red blood cells and the immune system.
In optical terms, the anatomical pupil is the eye's aperture and the iris is the aperture stop.
The root of the penis is triradiate in form, consisting of the diverging crura, one on either side, and the median urethral bulb.
The afferent arterioles branch from the renal artery, which supplies blood to the kidneys.
The pineal gland is located on roof of the diencephalon.
The plural of areola is areolas or areolae, which is pronounced  or .
In the slow block to polyspermy, the cortical granules released from the ovum are deposited in the perivitelline space.
Dendritic spines serve as a storage site for synaptic strength and help transmit electrical signals to the neuron's cell body.
In addition, the thyroid gland may also develop several types of nodules and cancer.
The linea alba is a fibrous structure that runs down the midline of the abdomen in humans and other vertebrates.
The iliotibial tract or iliotibial band is a longitudinal fibrous reinforcement of the fascia lata.
As with all incisors, their function is for shearing or cutting food during mastication.
The parietal pleura is innervated by the intercostal nerves and the phrenic nerve.
The organ consists of a central ramified cord of an epithelial parenchyma, embedded in connective tissue particularly rich in nerve fibers and sensory receptors.
The cistern contains cerebrospinal fluid, and connects the chiasmatic cistern to the pericallosal cistern.
In 1955, HeLa cells were the first human cells successfully cloned and demand for the HeLa cells quickly grew in the nascent biomedical industry.
Muscles function to produce force and motion.
It forms part of the vulva, or external genitalia, and is similar in structure to the vagina.
In the central nervous system, the three outer membranes that envelop the brain and spinal cord are composed of connective tissue.
The forearm refers to the region of the upper limb between the elbow and the wrist.
In humans the largest bone in the tarsus is the calcaneus, which is the weight-bearing bone within the heel of the foot.
They contain an extensive secretory network from which the HCl is secreted by active transport into the stomach.
A and B are myelinated and C are unmyelinated.
They are part of the outer fibrous layer of periosteum, entering into the outer circumferential and interstitial lamellae of bone tissue.
Breasts have been featured in notable ancient and modern sculpture, art, and photography.
The water flows over the gills by a variety of active or passive means.
The most lateral of the bundles of the anterior nerve roots is generally taken as a dividing line that separates the anterolateral system into two parts.
The word "uncinate" comes from the Latin "uncinatus", meaning "hooked".
The shape of the nose is determined by the nasal bones and the nasal cartilages, including the septal cartilage and the upper and lower lateral cartilages.
The right deciduous maxillary canine is known as "C" and the left one "H".
Lymph follicles with dividing B lymphocytes are located between PALS and marginal zone.
Other studies, using ultrasound, have found physiological evidence of the G-spot in women who report having orgasms during vaginal intercourse.
The uterine artery and ovarian ligament are located in the parametrium.
The anterior nasal aperture is a heart- or pear-shaped opening in the human skull.
Part of the Bowman's membrane is ablated by the photorefractive keratectomy refractive surgery.
They are tiny end ducts of the branching airways that fill the lungs.
They travel perpendicular to the capsule and extend from the cortex to the medulla.
The appendix extends vertically from the laryngeal ventricle.
The labia majora are two prominent longitudinal cutaneous folds that extend downward and backward from the mons pubis to the perineum.
The pedicles frequently attain a considerable length.
The layers of the epithelium are constantly undergoing mitosis.
Myenteric Interstitial cells of Cajal serve as a pacemaker which creates the bioelectrical slow wave potential that leads to contraction of the smooth muscle.
They were named after German anatomist Lorenz Heister.
It is also a secondary site of androgen synthesis.
Some other mammals, such as lemurs and spider monkeys, also have a well-developed clitoris.
Then follow two or three layers of polyhedral cells, commonly known as wing cells.
It is the location through which the cephalic vein passes and where the coracoid process is most easily palpable.
The Bowman's layer, in mammals, is found only in primates.
These arteries branch from the pulmonary and bronchial arteries, and run together through the center of the segment.
The asterion is the point on the skull corresponding to the posterior end of the parietomastoid suture.
Other disorders may also affect the human vagina.
Functions of epithelial cells include secretion, selective absorption, protection, transcellular transport, and sensing.
Enteroendocrine cells are specialized cells of the gastrointestinal tract and pancreas with endocrine function.
medially, to the linea terminalis of the lesser pelvis, where it is continuous with the periosteum.
The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Parathyroid glands are small endocrine glands in the neck of humans and other tetrapods that produce parathyroid hormone.
As it rarely occurs as squamous or cuboidal epithelia, it is usually considered synonymous with the term pseudostratified columnar epithelium.
A nerve provides a common pathway for the electrochemical nerve impulses that are transmitted along each of the axons to peripheral organs.
These divide the interior of the testes into a number of incomplete spaces called lobules.
The epiglottic vallecula is a depression just behind the root of the tongue between the folds in the throat.
It is the location for the submandibular gland.
The axial skeleton is formed by the vertebral column, the rib cage, the skull and other associated bones.
The nucleous of these cells, however, are disposed at different levels, thus creating the illusion of cellular stratification.
It is responsible for maintaining the membrane potential of the neuron, and it contains ion channels through which ions can flow rapidly.
In humans, the visible button-like portion is near the front junction of the labia minora, above the opening of the urethra.
The sizes of the cells in Onuf’s nucleus are small in comparison to other lateral group cells.
Each is pyramidal or ladle-shaped in form, and has three surfaces, a base, and an apex.
These areas, as well as others identified as having a role in colour vision processing, are collectively labelled visual area 4.
This structure binds spermatozoa, and is required to initiate the acrosome reaction.
Chondrocytes are the only cells found in healthy cartilage.
The basilar artery and the origin of the anteroinferior cerebellar artery.
There are usually five well-developed cusps on mandibular first molars: two on the buccal, two lingual, and one distal.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 11.
The primary spermatocyte divides meiotically into two secondary spermatocytes; each secondary spermatocyte divides into two spermatids by Meiosis II.
In hyphema, blood fills the anterior chamber as a result of a hemorrhage, most commonly after a blunt eye injury.
Normally, the Eustachian tube is collapsed, but it gapes open both with swallowing and with positive pressure.
The human body, apart from areas of glabrous skin, is covered in follicles which produce thick terminal and fine vellus hair.
A tracheotomy is often performed for ventilation in surgical operations where needed.
French anatomist and surgeon, Jean-François Jarjavay is credited as the first to describe morbid processes of the SSB in 1867.
A serous demilune or Crescents of Giannuzzi is a cap in the shape of a half-moon on some salivary glands.
In vertebrates, Reissner's fiber is formed by secretions of SCO-spondin from the subcommissural organ into the ventricular cerebrospinal fluid.
The musculoskeletal system provides form, support, stability, and movement to the body.
The main function of platelets is to contribute to hemostasis: the process of stopping bleeding at the site of interrupted endothelium.
They are distinguished from intraglomerular mesangial cells, which are situated between the basement membrane and the epithelial cells within the glomerulus.
In humans, it is a small tubercle on the visible part of the ear; the pinna.
The sensory nervous system is a part of the nervous system responsible for processing sensory information.
They are similar in function to the zonula adherens or adherens junction of epithelial cells.
For these reasons, the state of the hymen is not a conclusive indicator of virginity, though it continues to be considered so in certain cultures.
The human gastrointestinal tract consists of the esophagus, stomach, and intestines, and is divided into the upper and lower gastrointestinal tracts.
None have been found with the sympathetic ganglia associated with the branches of the trigeminal nerve.
In the wrist there is the radiocarpal joint between the radius and carpus.
Latanoprost is a prostaglandin F receptor agonist.
It is covered by the median umbilical fold
They are also sometimes, but incorrectly referred to as other paracolic gutters.
During sexual arousal, the ligament shortens and swells.
It contains tendons of the flexor digitorum superficialis and the flexor digitorum profundus, but not the flexor pollicis longus.
Upon entering the lumen of a lymphatic capillary, the collected fluid and associated cells is known as lymph.
Tendons are similar to ligaments; both are made of collagen.
Human lips are a tactile sensory organ, and can be an erogenous zone when used in kissing and other acts of intimacy.
The thoracic spinal nerve 9 is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
Spinal stenosis is a narrowing of the canal which can occur in any region of the spine and can be caused by a number of factors.
However, in some individuals this portion remains separate from the rest of the occipital bone throughout life.
The other kind of adipose tissue is brown adipose tissue.
It contains the vestibular folds, and between these and the vocal folds are the ventricles of the larynx.
The internasal suture is a suture joining the nasal bones.
All of these are named after the Italian physician Camillo Golgi.
The endocardium is the innermost layer of tissue that lines the chambers of the heart.
Conversely, if the suture is completely formed, one can assume an age of greater than thirty-five.
The pancreas is also known as a mixed gland.
This simpler concept has enabled substantial advances to be made in different aspects of surgery on the colon and rectum.
In long bones the nutrient canal is found in the shaft, and in irregular bones it is found in other locations.
They are part of the interlobular portal triad and can be easily localized by looking for the much larger portal vein.
In arthropod and vertebrate anatomy, the vertex is the upper surface of the head.
The distal part of the bulb is located retroperitoneally.
These glands are surrounded with tissue that reaches up inside the vagina and swells with blood during sexual arousal.
It is located in the center of the macula lutea of the retina.
Unipolar neurons are common in insects, where the cell body is often located at the periphery of the brain and is electrically inactive.
It is just superficial to the suspensory ligament.
This space may be obliterated in liver disease, leading to decreased uptake by hepatocytes of nutrients and wastes such as bilirubin.
The lumbar splanchnic nerves terminate here, among other places.
In human anatomy, the ureters are tubes made of smooth muscle fibers that propel urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder.
Adipocytes are derived from mesenchymal stem cells which give rise to adipocytes, osteoblasts, myocytes and other cell types.
It is a false anatomical membrane .
An interosseous membrane is a broad and thin plane of fibrous tissue that separates many of the bones of the body.
Prior to pregnancy the external orifice has a rounded shape when viewed through the vaginal canal.
Basement membranes are sheet-like depositions of ECM on which various epithelial cells rest.
Blood enters into the kidney via the renal artery, which then splits up to form the interlobar arteries.
These cells develop from the stem cells in the basal layer of the epidermis.
The mandibular canine is the tooth located distally from both mandibular lateral incisors of the mouth but mesially from both mandibular first premolars.
Nucleus proprius, along with the substantia gelatinosa of Rolando are involved in sensing pain and temperature.
It has been proposed for reclassification as an organ due to research at the University of Limerick in the 2010s.
Leukocytes are found throughout the body, including the blood and lymphatic system.
Neoplasms of the endolymphatic sac are very rare tumors.
In the universal system of notation, the permanent maxillary canines are referred to by numbers.
The preorbital gland is a paired exocrine gland found in many species of hoofed animals, which is homologous to the lacrimal gland found in humans.
The study of the anatomy of the brain is neuroanatomy, while the study of its function is neuroscience.
An increased absorptive area is useful because digested nutrients pass into the semipermeable villi through diffusion, which is effective only at short distances.
They are found in the ampullae of each of the semicircular canals of the inner ear, meaning that there are 3 pairs in total.
The terminal sulcus marks the separation of the right atrial pectinate muscles from the sinus venarum.
It is areolar in texture, and contains in its meshes a varying quantity of adipose tissue.
The nervous system is the part of an animal that coordinates its actions by transmitting signals to and from different parts of its body.
Also, the anastomotic branch of the posterior branch of the obturator artery.
The greater omentum is larger than the lesser omentum, which hangs down from the liver to the lesser curvature.
It can be used to divide the regions of the superior orbital fissure.
By weight, 45% of dentin consists of the mineral hydroxylapatite, 33% is organic material, and 22% is water.
Articulation of the tubercle is to the transverse process of the adjacent vertebrae.
The Latin word for bone is os, hence the many terms that use it as a prefix – such as osseous and osteopathy.
It also contains blood vessels and cortical collecting ducts.
It runs with the median nerve and supplies the same structures as that nerve.
Digestion involves the breakdown of food into smaller and smaller components, until they can be absorbed and assimilated into the body.
The neurolemma is underlain by the basal lamina.
The brain is susceptible to degenerative disorders, such as Parkinson's disease, dementias including Alzheimer's disease, and multiple sclerosis.
Despite this evidence, many still believe it to be caused by synovial fluid filling the vacuum left by the joint's displacement.
The vaginal opening is much larger than the nearby urethral opening, and both are protected by the labia in humans.
Anteriorly it extends to the apex of the petrous temporal.
Two anatomical landmarks are found on the sagittal suture: the bregma, and the vertex of the skull.
The eparterial bronchus is the only secondary bronchus with a specific name apart from the name of its corresponding lobe.
It is a very common condition in orthodontics for a patient to have one or both mandibular second premolars congenitally absent.
Since the outer ear is the only visible portion of the ear in most animals, the word "ear" often refers to the external part alone.
This cusp is entirely absent in some individuals and present in others in a variety of forms.
The transverse fascia is a thin aponeurotic membrane which lies between the inner surface of the transverse abdominal muscle and the parietal peritoneum.
Lymph is ultimately returned to the venous circulation.
The chorion is the outermost fetal membrane around the embryo in mammals, birds and reptiles.
The acromioclavicular joint, or AC joint, is a joint at the top of the shoulder.
The supravesical fossa is a fossa bounded by the medial umbilical fold and median umbilical fold.
In this system, the process of digestion has many stages, the first of which starts in the mouth.
The ampulla of ductus deferens is an enlargement of the ductus deferens at the fundus of the bladder.
The floor is formed by the posterior atlantooccipital membrane, and the posterior arch of the atlas.
The seminal colliculus, or verumontanum, of the prostatic urethra is a landmark near the entrance of the ejaculatory ducts.
For example, it forms telae, such as the tela submucosa and tela subserosa, which connect mucous and serous membranes to the muscular layer.
There are three main types of connective tissue fiber:
Superior to the arcuate line, the internal oblique aponeurosis splits to envelop the rectus abdominis muscle both anteriorly and posteriorly.
It is the posterior border of the retropharyngeal space.
The cell surrounds the fibers with its cytoplasm, isolating it from other tissue components and cells.
The ciliary body joins the ora serrata of the choroid to the root of the iris.
The most proximal of part the iliopectineal bursa lies on the iliopubic eminence of the superior pubic ramus.
The olfactory system, or sense of smell, is the part of the sensory system used for smelling.
The anterior chamber is the fluid-filled space inside the eye between the iris and the cornea's innermost surface, the endothelium.
The mineralized skeleton is the main support for the bodies of air breathing vertebrates.
Retroperitoneal space, situated posteriorly to the peritoneum
The dorsal metacarpal ligaments and palmar metacarpal ligaments pass transversely from one bone to another on the dorsal and palmar surfaces.
It is structurally classified as a synchondrosis, and functionally classified as a synarthrosis.
Receptive fields have been identified for the visual system, auditory system and somatosensory system.
There are three principal shapes of epithelial cell: squamous, columnar, and cuboidal.
The face is normally found on the anterior surface of the head of animals or humans, although not all animals have faces.
In the left atrium, the pectinate muscles, fewer and smaller than in the right atrium, are confined to the inner surface of its atrial appendage.
Its mucous membrane is covered with transitional epithelium, and an underlying lamina propria of loose to dense connective tissue.
Opening facilitates the passive flow of blood into the left ventricle.
The contiguous surfaces of the bones present flat, oval facets covered with cartilage and connected together by an articular capsule and by anterior and posterior ligaments.
In childbirth, vertex birth refers to the common head-first presentation of the baby, as opposed to the buttocks-first position of a breech birth.
The aortic hiatus is a hole in the diaphragm.
The pisiform joint is a joint between the pisiform and triquetrum.
The crown is usually visible in the mouth after developing below the gingiva and then erupting into place.
Retro-inguinal space, deep to the inguinal ligament
The epithelial lining consists of smooth muscle knobs covered by nonciliated, simple cuboidal cells.
Lymph nodes are major sites of B and T lymphocytes, and other white blood cells.
The superior crus is a broad, thin, flat band, attached to the front of the pubic symphysis and interlacing with its fellow of the opposite side.
A dermatome also refers to the part of an embryonic somite.
It should also not be confused with jowl fat pads.
Spermatogonia undergo spermatogenesis to form mature spermatozoa in the seminiferous tubules of the testis.
If the distance is 5mm or less, than a papilla will almost always be present.
It contains a number of proteins involved in the structural organization of the nucleus and the attachment of chromatin to the nuclear envelope.
Gray's Anatomy : The Anatomical Basis of Clinical Practice.
The Solitary lymphatic nodules are structures found in the small intestine and large intestine.
Behind, it forms the popliteal fascia, covering in the popliteal fossa; here it is strengthened by transverse fibers, and perforated by the small saphenous vein.
It is thick medially, but thinner laterally under the coracoacromial ligament.
Type B cells, which divide to give rise to primary spermatocytes.
Its upper surface is slightly convex and is moulded on to the diaphragm; its under surface presents the gastric impression and omental tuberosity.
To date, the hemangioblast has been identified in human, mouse and zebrafish embryos.
The right deciduous maxillary lateral incisor is known as "D", and the left one is known as "G".
It gives attachment to the outer edge of the basilar membrane and is a spiral ligament that projects inward below as a triangular prominence.
While it has no official entry in Terminologia Anatomica, the term is still used occasionally to describe the muscular components of the deep perineal pouch.
The vestibular membrane, vestibular wall or Reissner's membrane, is a membrane inside the cochlea of the inner ear.
The intermediate pigment-containing cells are scattered among capillaries.
Microglia account for 10–15% of all cells found within the brain.
Thus, the primary spermatocyte gives rise to two cells, the secondary spermatocytes, and the two secondary spermatocytes by their subdivision produce four spermatozoa.
Extending laterally from it on either side is the superior nuchal line, and above it is the faintly marked highest nuchal line.
A geniculum is a small genu, or angular knee-like structure.
The tarsal tunnel is found along the inner leg posterior to the medial malleolus.
Canines are also the only anterior teeth with a cusp.
It is situated around the ventrolateral aspect of the midbrain.
It is one of two menisci of the knee, the other being the medial meniscus.
The size of the nervous system ranges from a few hundred cells in the simplest worms, to around 300 billion cells in African elephants.
Chromaffin cells, also pheochromocytes, are neuroendocrine cells found mostly in the medulla of the adrenal glands in mammals.
Areolar tissue is highly variable in appearance.
The area in the axon that holds groups of vesicles is an axon terminal or "bouton".
The mesotendon disappears or remains in the form of narrow tendinous bands as threads known as vincula tendina.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 7.
The human eye is relatively rare for having an iris that is small enough for its position to be plainly visible against the sclera.
In the rodent, the parasubiculum is a retrohippocampal isocortical structure, and a major component of the subicular complex.
The free inferior border of the quadrangular membrane is the vestibular fold which is the vestibular ligament when covered by mucosa.
A new corpus luteum develops with each menstrual cycle.
This is different to male mammals, who usually have a single opening, the external urethral opening for both urination and reproduction.
Note that the degrees of freedom of a joint is not the same as the same as joint's range of motion.
Fordyce spots are ectopic sebaceous glands found usually on the lips, gums and inner cheeks, and genitals.
The round window is one of the two openings from the middle ear into the inner ear.
The lateral funiculus transmits the contralateral corticospinal and spinothalamic tracts.
The lunula, or lunulae, is the crescent-shaped whitish area of the bed of a fingernail or toenail.
When swollen, inflamed or enlarged, lymph nodes can be hard, firm or tender.
Intramedullary is a medical term meaning the inside of a bone.
The right lung is bigger than the left, which shares space in the chest with the heart.
The anococcygeal body is a fibrous median raphe in the floor of the pelvis, which extends between the coccyx and the margin of the anus.
The epithelium of the tubule consists of a type of sustentacular cells known as Sertoli cells, which are tall, columnar type cells that line the tubule.
The typical human bladder will hold between 300 and 500 mL before the urge to empty occurs, but can hold considerably more.
The buccal cusp ridges exhibit slight concavities that extend over the buccal surfaces as developmental grooves into the gingival embrasure.
The lunula is the visible part of the root of the nail.
The heart is a muscular organ in humans and other animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
In slang usage, vellus hair is sometimes referred to as "peach fuzz" due to its resemblance to the downy epidermic growths on the peach fruit.
Its plantar surface is concave where the Flexor tendons run below it; above it the tendons of the Interossei pass to their insertions.
The anterior trigeminothalamic tract connects the principal nucleus and spinal trigeminal nucleus to the ventral posteromedial nucleus of the thalamus.
It is part of the somatosensory system and runs in parallel with the ventral spinocerebellar tract.
It contains fine bundles of fibrous connective tissue, primarily collagen, embedded in a matrix of ground substance.
The articular capsule of the knee joint is wide and lax; thin in front and at the side; and contains the patella, ligaments, menisci, and bursae.
In humans, a normal kidney contains 800,000 to 1.5 million nephrons.
Cell junctions are well-employed in epithelial tissues.
Granulosa cell tumors, while rare, involve both the granulosa cells and the theca cells.
Pain of the hip may be the result of numerous causes including nervous, osteoarthritic, infectious, trauma-related, and genetic ones.
The kidneys also make an important enzyme, renin, which affects blood pressure through negative feedback.
Lingual papillae are the small, nipple-like structures on the upper surface of the tongue that give the tongue its characteristic rough texture.
The waistline refers to the horizontal line where the waist is narrowest, or to the general appearance of the waist.
Interlobar ducts connect lobes and interlobular ducts connect lobules.
By virtue of this connection, the pubic symphysis supports the clitoris.
Macrophages that encourage inflammation are called M1 macrophages, whereas those that decrease inflammation and encourage tissue repair are called M2 macrophages.
It is the most posterior of the three.
Third, they connect to each other through receptor bridges: aggregation.
It is a dense blue-grey membrane, composed of bundles of white fibrous connective tissue, from which it derives its name albuginea, which interlace in every direction.
In females, the pubic symphysis is intimately close to the clitoris.
In humans, dysfunctional macrophages cause severe diseases such as chronic granulomatous disease that result in frequent infections.
As the vulva is the gateway to the uterus, a double layer of protection is provided by the folds of the outer and inner labia.
The release of these hormones into the blood is stimulated by The entry of the acidic chyme into the duodenum.
The spermatids begin to grow a living thread, develop a thickened mid-piece where the mitochondria become localised, and form an acrosome.
They bear two types of sensory ending, known as annulospiral and flower-spray endings.
The respiratory system is a biological system consisting of specific organs and structures used for gas exchange in animals and plants.
In corneas we can find two different types of proteoglycans: Chondroitin sulphate/dermatan sulphate and keratan sulphate.
It is between the vastus lateralis and biceps femoris.
It is produced in the choroid plexuses of the ventricles of the brain.
The lacrimal apparatus is the physiological system containing the orbital structures for tear production and drainage.
GVE fibers may be either sympathetic or parasympathetic.
Some sources draw a clear distinction between acinar and alveolar glands, based upon the size of the lumen.
The helix is the prominent rim of the auricle.
The roots of teeth are embedded in the maxilla or the mandible and are covered by gums.
Despite being named molars, the deciduous molars are followed by permanent premolars.
There are approximately 50 glands on the upper eyelids and 25 glands on the lower eyelids.
The goblet cell is highly polarised with the nucleus and other organelles concentrated at the base of the cell.
Midwives and doctors use the extent of the dilation of the cervix to assist decision-making during childbirth.
They usually run at obtuse angles to the haversian canals and contain anastomosing vessels between haversian capillaries.
These sounds are delayed more than sounds arriving from the front, assisting the brain to sense front vs. rear sound sources.
There is another use for the term "Dimples of Venus" in surgical anatomy.
A few other vertebrates such as the koala are often described as having "hands" instead of paws on their front limbs.
It is a slightly moveable joint which is frequently, partially or completely, obliterated in old age, homologous with the joints between the bodies of the vertebrae.
The Bowman's capsule empties the filtrate into the proximal tubule that is also part of the duct system of the nephron.
Hairs inside the nose prevent large particles from entering the lungs.
It contains organs including the heart, lungs, and thymus gland, as well as muscles and various other internal structures.
A pseudounipolar neuron is a kind of sensory neuron in the peripheral nervous system.
on the lateral side of the radial styloid process, for the tendons of the Abductor pollicis longus and Extensor pollicis brevis;
The appendicular skeleton is the portion of the skeleton of vertebrates consisting of the bones or cartilage that support the appendages.
The origin of the posterior communicating artery.
The VB consists of the Ventral posteromedial nucleus and the Ventral posterolateral nucleus.
The movements produced at this joint are dorsiflexion and plantarflexion of the foot.
The cell line was found to be remarkably durable and prolific which warrants its extensive use in scientific research.
long, and its wall is much thinner than that of the parotid duct.
In animals that give live birth, the fetal circulation is the circulatory system of a fetus.
It is continuous with the lambdoidal suture.
This area is involved in the formation of red blood cells and white blood cells, and the calcium supply for bird eggshells.
Fibrous joints are connected by dense connective tissue, consisting mainly of collagen.
Its function is to detect vertical linear acceleration.
The uterine appendages or are the structures most closely related structurally and functionally to the uterus.
The crista terminalis is generally a smooth-surfaced, thick portion of heart muscle in a crescent shape at the opening into the right atrial appendage.
When the chyme is fully digested, it is absorbed into the blood.
The vomeronasal organ, or the Jacobson's organ, is an auxiliary olfactory sense organ that is found in many animals.
The tongue's upper surface is covered in taste buds housed in numerous lingual papillae.
It is made up of the gracile fasciculus and the cuneate fasciculus and itself is part of the posterior funiculus.
This increase in moisture is vaginal lubrication, which reduces friction.
In disorders of erythrocyte shape and/or flexibility, such as hereditary spherocytosis, erythrocytes fail to pass through and get phagocytosed, causing extravascular hemolysis.
It gives longitudinal support to the spinal cord and consists of two parts:
Above, where it covers the popliteus, it is thick and dense, and receives an expansion from the tendon of the semimembranosus.
The four muscles of the rotator cuff are over half of the seven scapulohumeral muscles.
The mesothelium is a membrane composed of simple squamous epithelium that forms the lining of several body cavities: the pleura, peritoneum, mediastinum and pericardium.
Reissner's fiber is highly conserved, and present in the central canal of all chordates.
Theca interna cells express receptors for luteinizing hormone to produce androstenedione, which via a few steps, gives the granulosa the precursor for estrogen manufacturing.
It forms the fibrous portion of the eyelids.
The bases of the other four metatarsals are connected by the dorsal, plantar, and interosseous ligaments.
The epidermis is the outer of the two layers that make up the skin, the inner layer being the dermis.
Obliquus capitis inferior - below and laterally
Congenital adrenal hyperplasia is a genetic disease produced by dysregulation of endocrine control mechanisms.
Circulus arteriosus minor or minor arterial circle of iris is an arterial circle near the pupillary margin of the iris.
The haustra of the colon are the small pouches caused by sacculation, which give the colon its segmented appearance.
Dense connective tissue also make up the lower layers of the skin, where it is arranged in sheets.
Approximately two litres of fluid enters the colon daily through the ileocecal valve.
The psychological process of visual information is known as visual perception, a lack of which is called blindness.
The pelvic portion of each sympathetic trunk is situated in front of the sacrum, medial to the anterior sacral foramina.
Vertex baldness refers to a form of male pattern baldness in which the baldness is limited to the vertex, resembling a tonsure.
It measures approximately 5 cm vertically and extends from the eighth to the tenth rib along the mid-axillary line.
This shortcut across the chamber of the ventricle seems to facilitate conduction time, allowing coordinated contraction of the anterior papillary muscle.
The other part, the parenchyma, consists of the cells that perform the function of the tissue or organ.
Cell junctions are well-employed in epithelial tissues.
It is essentially the part right before the external urethral orifice.
The caudate lobe is situated upon the postero-superior surface of the liver on the right lobe of the liver, opposite the tenth and eleventh thoracic vertebrae.
The temporal fascia covers the Temporalis muscle.
HSCs constitute 1:10.000 of cells in myeloid tissue.
These spaces may be created by pathology, e.g., the spread of odontogenic infection.
The cartilage lies below, but is not connected to, the rudimentary vomeronasal organ of Jacobson.
It is conventionally divided into the proximal convoluted tubule and the proximal straight tubule.
Different classes of spinal interneurons are involved in the process of sensory-motor integration.
A hair follicle is a mammalian skin organ that produces hair.
Nine serotonergic cell groups have been identified.
Generally, the carbohydrate portion of the glycolipids found on the surface of plasma membranes helps these molecules contribute to cell-cell recognition, communication, and intercellular adhesion.
Specialized muscle fibers in the heart that transmit electrical impulses from the atrioventricular node to the Purkinje fibers are fascicles, also referred to as bundle branches.
The scrotum contains the external spermatic fascia, testes, epididymis and ductus deferens.
As enteric afferent and efferent nerves do not protrude into the intestinal lumen, EC cells act as a form of sensory transduction.
The intermetacarpal joints are in the hand formed between the metacarpal bones.
The electrical conduction system of the heart transmits signals generated usually by the sinoatrial node to cause contraction of the heart muscle.
This is the only complete ring, the others being incomplete rings of reinforcing cartilage.
The maxillary central incisors contact each other at the midline of the face.
It is contributed to by the following muscles: orbicularis oris, buccinator, levator anguli oris, depressor anguli oris, zygomaticus major, risorius, platysma, levator labii superioris.
The tongue's upper surface is covered in taste buds housed in numerous lingual papillae.
It is thin, aponeurotic in structure, and of considerable strength, serving to bind down the muscles of the root of the penis.
"Morphological variations of the peripapillary circle of Zinn-Haller by flat section".
The pudendal cleft is a part of the vulva, the furrow at the base of the mons pubis where it divides to form the labia majora.
The "throat" is sometimes thought to be synonymous for the isthmus of the fauces.
It is located in the intermediolateral cell columns of the spinal cord between C8 and T2.
These loops are united together by areolar tissue, and form a thin covering over the cord and testis, the cremasteric fascia.
Many differences, though, such as gender identity, appear to be influenced by both biological and social factors.
In the Palmer notation, a number is used in conjunction with a symbol designating in which quadrant the tooth is found.
It forms the outermost layer of the skin and the inner lining of the mouth, esophagus and vagina.
They are composed of lymphatic tissue that functions to assist the immune system in the production of antibodies in response to invading pathogenic bacteria or viruses.
The caval opening passes through the central tendon.
Its smooth muscle is innervated by involuntary nerves and in addition voluntary nerves which are carried in the vagus nerve to innervate its striated muscle.
The linea terminalis or innominate line consists of the pectineal line, the arcuate line, the pubic crest, the sacral ala, and the sacral promontory.
Instead, they are released into the blood stream and taken up in the testis and ovaries to produce testosterone and the estrogens respectively.
The brain is located in the head, usually close to the sensory organs for senses such as vision.
The round bumps are found in the areola, and on the nipple itself.
In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
^ Ryan, Stephanie; McNicholas, Michelle; Eustace, Stephen.
The cuboideonavicular joint is a joint in the foot formed between the navicular bone and cuboid bone.
The cell is the basic structural, functional, and biological unit of all known living organisms.
However, it still appears in some anatomy textbooks.
The international notation has a different system of notation.
Sattler's layer - layer of medium diameter blood vessels;
inferiorly, by the medial pterygoid muscle attaching to the mandible
The femoral sheath is contained within the femoral triangle.
The deep perineal pouch is the anatomic space enclosed in part by the perineum, and located superior to the perineal membrane.
The subarachnoid cisterns are spaces formed by openings, where the arachnoid mater and the pia mater are separated, in the subarachnoid space of the brain.
The septum varies in depth from 4 to 6 mm, but diminishes considerably in the lower part of the spinal cord.
The typical human bladder will hold between 300 and 500 mL before the urge to empty occurs, but can hold considerably more.
They secrete mucus to lubricate the vagina and are homologous to bulbourethral glands in males.
Individual organelles are usually separately enclosed within their own lipid bilayers.
It is the largest joint in the human body.
An oogonium is a small diploid cell which on maturation forms a primordial follicle in a female fetus or the female gametangium of certain thallophytes.
Brown adipose tissue or brown fat makes up the adipose organ together with white adipose tissue.
It is elevated by the levator labii superioris alaeque nasi muscle and receives sensory innervation by the maxillary division of the trigeminal nerve.
Olfactory ensheathing cells have been proposed as a donor of chromatin by somatic cell nuclear transfer in neurodegenerative diseases 
The tunica albuginea is a layer of condensed tissue on the surface of the ovary.
Lamellar corpuscles are also found in the pancreas, where they detect vibration and possibly very low frequency sounds.
Unlike the circulatory system, the lymphatic system is not a closed system.
The muscles lies in the fourth extensor compartment of the wrist, and is relatively rare.
Between the anterior and middle layer lies the quadratus lumborum muscle.
It is found on many joint surfaces.
The superior border is in the aryepiglottic fold.
Hematopoietic stem cells or hemocytoblasts are the stem cells that give rise to all the other blood cells through the process of haematopoiesis.
On one side it is bounded by the prevertebral fascia.
The crypts extend through the full thickness of the tonsil reaching almost to its hemicapsule.
The autonomic nervous system is responsible for regulating the body's unconscious actions.
It includes epithelium and lamina propria, but attaches directly to the periosteum of underlying bone without the usual submucosa.
Hair is a protein filament that grows from follicles found in the dermis, or skin.
Neither age nor size of the flaccid penis accurately predicts erectile length.
In humans the sole of the foot is anatomically referred to as the plantar aspect.
A fibrocartilaginous disc present at the joint increases the range of movement.
Rugae is a term used in anatomy that refers to a series of ridges produced by folding of the wall of an organ.
The central part is curved outward toward the posterior, allowing greater room for the pelvic cavity.
The deep temporal space is a fascial space of the head and neck.
In humans, other mammals, and birds, the heart is divided into four chambers: upper left and right atria; and lower left and right ventricles.
It is also where the inferior epigastric vessels perforate the rectus abdominis.
Fibers of the right crus cross one another below the hiatus.
Astrocytes, also known collectively as astroglia, are characteristic star-shaped glial cells in the brain and spinal cord.
The spongy urethra is the longest part of the male urethra, and is contained in the corpus spongiosum of the penis.
It is situated in the fissure between the frontal and temporal lobes.
The texture of the vaginal walls creates friction for the penis during sexual intercourse and stimulates it toward ejaculation, enabling fertilization.
With pronation, the tuberosity of the radius rotates posteriorly, causing compression of the bursa between the biceps tendon and the radial tuberosity.
The bulboid corpuscles are cutaneous receptors in the human body.
A simple squamous epithelium is a single layer of flat cells in contact with the basal lamina of the epithelium.
Glands of Moll, also known as ciliary glands, are modified apocrine sweat glands that are found on the margin of the eyelid.
The embryo at this stage is termed the neurula.
The ora serrata is the serrated junction between the retina and the ciliary body.
The teniae coli run the length of the large intestine.
Some sources cite that the pectinate muscles are useful in increasing the power of contraction without increasing heart mass substantially.
It may also be the site of trauma, such as a subdural hematoma, causing abnormal separation of dura and arachnoid mater.
Only rare cancers like adenoid cystic carcinomas contains myoepithelial cells as one of the malignant components.
In arthropods it is the posterior tagma of the body; it follows the thorax or cephalothorax.
Laterally portions of the squamous temporal and mastoid part of the temporal bone form its walls.
This ligament is in relation, behind, with the tendon of the Triceps brachii and the Anconæus.
Thyroid hormones are important for development, and hypothyroidism secondary to iodine deficiency remains the leading cause of preventable intellectual disability.
They vibrate, modulating the flow of air being expelled from the lungs during phonation.
The hepatorenal recess is the space that separates the liver from the right kidney.
An artery, meaning 'windpipe, artery') is a blood vessel that carries blood away from the heart.
Nuclear pore complexes allow the transport of molecules across the nuclear envelope.
Viewed from the buccal the buccal cusp is centered over the root as in the three cusp variety.
In the cadaver, due to the absence of cerebrospinal fluid in the subarachnoid space, the arachnoid mater falls away from the dura mater.
These generate a current that causes contraction of the heart, traveling through the atrioventricular node and along the conduction system of the heart.
The stratum corneum functions to form a barrier to protect underlying tissue from infection, dehydration, chemicals and mechanical stress.
The hypothalamic–neurohypophyseal system is composed of the hypothalamus, posterior pituitary, and these axonal projections.
It is located in the rostral, intermediate, and caudal regions of the hypothalamus.
They carry the morphological features and most of the chemical properties of the original nerve terminal.
The periosteum is a membrane that covers the outer surface of all bones, except at the joints of long bones.
In this sense, it is often called a teat, especially when referring to non-humans, and the medical term is papilla.
In symmetric cell division, both daughter cells are also stem cells.
At birth the mastoid is not pneumatized, but becomes aerated over the first year of life.
It forms the outermost layer of the nerve fiber in the peripheral nervous system.
The number of glomeruli in a human decreases with age; in humans that are over 80 they are nearly absent.
Lateral to this structure are the medial umbilical ligament and the lateral umbilical ligament.
The neocortex is made up of six neuronal layers, while the allocortex has three or four.
Hepatocytes make up 70-85% of the liver's mass.
In adult humans, Bowman's membrane is 8-12 μm thick.
With nuclear medicine scans, they selectively take up the Technetium-sestamibi complex radiotracer to allow delineation of glandular anatomy.
It also contains waste products and cellular debris together with bacteria and proteins.
The hormones also have many other effects including those on development.
also called the myolemma, is the cell membrane of a striated muscle fiber cell.
Trauma to the midfoot is caused by direct and indirect impact forces.
The pleural cavity can be viewed as a potential space because the two pleurae adhere to each other under all normal conditions.
Smooth muscle has irregular arrangements of filaments.
This change corresponds with an increase in blood flow to spiral arteries due to increased progesterone secretion from the corpus luteum.
The pastern is a part of the leg of a horse between the fetlock and the top of the hoof.
In the mouse, proerythroblasts are large committed progenitors that express high levels of transferrin receptor, the erythropoietin receptor, some c-Kit, and are Ter119-positive.
It separates the anterior compartment of the thigh from the medial compartment of the thigh.
^ Gray's Anatomy for Students, 2nd Ed.
There is a single cusp on canines, and they resemble the prehensile teeth found in carnivorous animals such as the extinct Saber-toothed cat.
The pancreas  is a glandular organ in the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
The structure was named after Jacques-René Tenon, a French surgeon and pathologist.
It is also present and metabolically active in adult humans, but its prevalence decreases as humans age.
The right deciduous mandibular lateral incisor is known as "Q", and the left one is known as "N".
The spare egg, that cannot travel the fallopian tube, is absorbed into the body.
The base of the lung descends during inspiration and ascends during expiration.
Peritoneal ligament: a fold of peritoneum or other membranes.
The shape of the hair follicle has an effect on the hair shape and texture of the individual's hair.
In front, it is connected with the periosteum at the margin of the orbit, and sends off a process which assists in forming the orbital septum.
For example, they are important as antigen presenters to T cells.
The brain consists of the cerebrum, the brainstem and the cerebellum.
It leads to the production of megakaryocytes.
Desmosomes help to resist shearing forces and are found in simple and stratified squamous epithelium.
Abrupt transition from cartilaginous to calcified fibrocartilage—often called 'tidemark' or 'blue line'
Dentin, which is less mineralized and less brittle than enamel, is necessary for the support of enamel.
This function no longer occurs in the human cecum, so in humans it is simply a dead-end pouch forming a part of the large intestine.
The lens is a transparent, biconvex structure in the eye that, along with the cornea, helps to refract light to be focused on the retina.
These are the "fringe-like processes" part of the "fimbriated fold".
Cardiomyocytes show striations similar to those on skeletal muscle cells.
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 6.
After puberty, it generally becomes covered with pubic hair and enlarged.
On most other mammals, it is located on the upper tip of the snout.
The reproductive system or genital system is a system of sex organs within an organism which work together for the purpose of sexual reproduction.
On the posterior surface of the heart, the coronary sulcus contains the coronary sinus.
"GEMM" stands for granulocyte, erythrocyte, monocyte, megakaryocyte.
Stimuli reach the VNO in liquid phase via a pumping mechanism; the primary cues for the VNO are therefore non-volatile and require direct physical contact.
Sex differences range greatly and include physiologically differentiating.
It can very rarely be the site of a tumor.
There are three known accessible sources of autologous adult stem cells in humans:
There are more than 86 billion neurons in the brain, and a more or less equal number of other cells.
Back pain is a common medical condition, generally benign in origin.
The posterior ligament is thin and membranous, and consists of transverse and oblique fibers.
Mesothelial tissue also surrounds the male internal reproductive organs and covers the internal reproductive organs of women.
The triangle of Farabeuf is bounded by the internal jugular vein, common facial vein and hypoglossal nerve.
The pharyngeal aponeurosis, is situated between the mucous and muscular layers.
Spermatids are connected by cytoplasmic material and have superfluous cytoplasmic material around their nuclei.
There are usually four cusps on maxillary molars, two on the buccal and two palatal.
It is about 15 cm long, and extends from the termination of the membranous portion to the external urethral orifice.
A different structure, the pararenal fat, is the adipose tissue superficial to the renal fascia.
Mongoloid eyes tend to have the inner canthus veiled by the epicanthus.
In many cases, however, this sinus is obliterated by its walls becoming adherent to the palatine tonsils.
It can occur as a result of injury to dentin by caries or abrasion, or as part of the normal aging process.
The round window is one of the two openings from the middle ear into the inner ear.
The intermediate portion aids in production of thyroid releasing hormone, somatostatin, leptin, gastrin, and neuropeptide y.
The fascia of perineum is the fascia which covers the muscles of the superficial perineal pouch.
These mediators are released by a process called degranulation following activation of the eosinophil, and are toxic to both parasite and host tissues.
The A cells produce glucagon, which mobilizes the hepatic glycogen, and the enterochromaffin cells produce serotonin, which stimulates the contraction of the smooth muscles.
Their proliferative capacity is more limited compared to the preceding stage, the CFU-e.
Smooth muscle is an involuntary non-striated muscle.
The clitoris is a complex structure, and its size and sensitivity can vary.
The four paired extrinsic muscles change the position of the tongue and are anchored to bone.
The linea semilunaris is a curved tendinous intersection found on either side of the rectus abdominis muscle.
The arrangement of the layers has important variations at different locations in the body.
The respiratory system in plants includes anatomical features such as stomata, that are found in various parts of the plant.
This increases for women at the time of childbirth.
The endocrine system is the collection of glands of an organism that secrete hormones directly into the circulatory system to be carried towards distant target organs.
There is another kind of tissue called subchondral bone which underlies the epiphyseal cartilage at the ends of bones.
Symptoms include axillary nerve related weakness of the deltoid muscle in the case of any significant mass lesions in the quadrangular space.
The predominant fiber-type is Type I collagen and comprises ninety percent of the osteoid.
The sacral spinal nerve 1 is a spinal nerve of the sacral segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 10.
The corpus albicans is the regressed form of the corpus luteum.
Objections to the use of cadavers have led to the use of alternatives including virtual dissection of computer models.
Sporadically, epithelial follicles containing colloidal material can be found.
Ligaments are more stretchy and contain more elastic fibers than tendons.
In human anatomy, the presacral space is inside the pelvis, behind the rectum and in front of the coccyx and sacrum.
The lateral ridge of the linea aspera is very rough, and runs almost vertically upward to the base of the greater trochanter.
Its posterior border gives attachment to the superior pharyngeal constrictor muscle.
Instead, the teeth that precede the permanent mandibular premolars are the deciduous mandibular molars.
Following parturition, the orifice takes on an appearance more like a transverse slit or is "H-shaped".
Serous glands contain serous acini, a grouping of serous cells that secrete serous fluid, isotonic with blood plasma, that contains enzymes such as alpha-amylase.
The anal canal is divided into three parts.
Gamma motor neurons target intrafusal muscle fibres
Excess tears flow through nasolacrimal duct which drains into the inferior nasal meatus.
On the way down, the volume of air in the middle ear shrinks, and a slight vacuum is produced.
The capsule consists of a synovial and a fibrous membrane separated by fatty deposits anteriorly and posteriorly.
The shoulder joint is considered a ball and socket joint.
They maintain a normal membrane potential, contain presynaptic receptors, translocate metabolites and ions, and when depolarized, release multiple neurotransmitters in a Ca2+-dependent manner.
In fish, the divisions of the small intestine are not as clear, and the terms anterior intestine or proximal intestine may be used instead of duodenum.
The zona pellucida is essential for oocyte growth and fertilization.
The renal papilla is the location where the renal pyramids in the medulla empty urine into the minor calyx in the kidney.
The anterior is shorter and thicker, though it projects lower than the posterior because of the slope of the cervix.
The posterior funiculus of the spinal cord lies between the posterolateral and the posterior median sulcus.
The superficial inguinal ring is an anatomical structure in the anterior wall of the mammalian abdomen.
There are usually four mental spines: two superior and two inferior.
A great deal has been written about low-density lipoproteins because they are thought to be atherogenic.
In older texts, the pterygomaxillary fissure is sometimes called the pterygopalatine fissure.
A study published in 2009 using mice found that the red pulp of the spleen forms a reservoir that contains over half of the body's monocytes.
The mesiolingual cusp is twice the size of the disolingual cusp.
An oocyte, oöcyte, ovocyte, or rarely ocyte, is a female gametocyte or germ cell involved in reproduction.
Duodenal ulcers are commonly located anteriorly, and rarely posteriorly.
The retropharyngeal space is a potential space of the head and neck, bounded by the buccopharyngeal fascia anteriorly and the alar fascia posteriorly.
The pelvic brim stretches from the lumbosacral joint to the pubic symphysis and is the edge of the pelvic inlet.
A majority of these cells are IgA-secreting B cells.
The elastic fiber is formed from the elastic microfibril and amorphous elastin.
Inflammation of the bicipitoradial bursa or bicipitoradial bursitis is a rare condition and only few reports can be found in literature.
The ligaments are attached chiefly to the cricoid cartilage , and may extend to the thyroid cartilage.
The cricoarytenoid articulation is a joint connecting the cricoid cartilage and the arytenoid cartilage.
Theca lutein cells are also known as small luteal cells.
The olfactory epithelium is a specialized epithelial tissue inside the nasal cavity that is involved in smell.
They are not significant for cooling in humans, but are the sole effective sweat glands in hoofed animals, such as the camels, donkeys, horses, and cattle.
The anterior trigeminothalamic tract is also called the anterior trigeminal lemniscus.
Contraction of the muscles has a number of different purposes.
It exhibits interlacing, loosely organized fibers, abundant blood vessels, and significant empty space filled with interstitial fluid.
Overproduction of cortisol leads to Cushing's syndrome, whereas insufficient production is associated with Addison's disease.
The vomeronasal cartilage is a narrow strip of cartilage, low on the medial wall of the nasal cavity.
A number of Western cultures associate breasts with sexuality and tend to regard bare breasts in public as immodest or indecent.
It lies in the anal triangle of perineum in between the right and left ischioanal fossa.
The lungs also provide airflow that makes vocal sounds including human speech possible.
Viewed from the occlusal it is more rounded in general and its lingual cusp is positioned slightly to the mesial, while the occlusal table remains squared.
Axon dysfunction has caused many inherited and acquired neurological disorders which can affect both the peripheral and central neurons.
It is associated with a reflex identified by Augustus Volney Waller and Ludwig Julius Budge in 1852.
Water present in the filtrate in the papillary duct flows through aquaporin channels out of the duct, moving passively down its concentration gradient.
In front, the greater alar cartilages are separated by a notch which corresponds with the apex of the nose.
These chemical reactions produce adenosine triphosphate molecules that are used to power the movement of the myosin heads.
In addition to heat produced by shivering muscle, BAT produces heat by non-shivering thermogenesis.
The central canal is continuous with the ventricular system of the brain.
They then depolarise and send impulses to the brain via the cochlear nerve.
This interface exists at the most coronal point of the gingiva, otherwise known as the crest of the marginal gingiva.
The intertarsal joint are the joints of the tarsal bones in the foot.
The thymus provides an inductive environment for development of T cells from hematopoietic progenitor cells.
The permanent tooth is larger and is longer than it is wide.
The uterine isthmus can become more compressibile in pregnancy, which is a finding known as Hegar's sign.
It is composed of many different types of cells that together create tissues and subsequently organ systems.
Lymph is the fluid that circulates throughout the lymphatic system.
It secretes hormones that influence stages of the menstrual cycle.
In mammals the three types are: skeletal or striated muscle; smooth or non-striated muscle; and cardiac muscle, which is sometimes known as semi-striated.
These are somewhat cone-shaped, being broad at their bases at the surface of the gland, and becoming narrower as they converge to the mediastinum.
Most are multicellular, but goblet cells are single-celled glands.
Through this aperture, the cervical cavity communicates with that of the vagina.
The tarsus has a lower and upper part making up the palpebrae.
Muscle fibers are in turn composed of myofibrils.
These can be swollen due to certain diseases, the most common one being a simple infection, and, less likely, from cancer.
They take various forms throughout the body, but all are part of the mononuclear phagocyte system.
It is not uncommon for people to modify their eyebrows by means of hair addition, removal and makeup.
As such, vertebrates take their name from the vertebrae that compose the vertebral column.
Superior cistern - It is situated dorsal to the midbrain.
The fundus of the uterus is the top portion, opposite from the cervix.
They contain the aryepiglottic muscles and form the upper borders of the quadrangular membrane.
Each of these nerves relays sensation from a particular region of skin to the brain.
Its location and structure varies among species, and may vary in size within the same species.
Fatty acids are taken up by muscle and cardiac tissue as a fuel source, and glycerol is taken up by the liver for gluconeogenesis.
The costovertebral angle is the acute angle formed on either side of the human back between the twelfth rib and the vertebral column.
A fascial compartment is a section within the body that contains muscles and nerves and is surrounded by fascia.
The thoracic spinal nerve 8 is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
The anal fascia is the inferior layer of the diaphragmatic part of the pelvic fascia, which covers both surfaces of the levatores ani.
It forms from embryonic mesenchyme and contains blood vessels, lymphatic vessels, and nerves.
In some species the ventral posterolateral nucleus, pars caudalis is also a part of the VB.
In its relaxed state, the shaft of the penis has the feel of a dense sponge encased in very smooth eyelid-type skin.
Intraglomerular mesangial cells are specialized pericytes located among the glomerular capillaries within a renal corpuscle of a kidney.
This forms a synovial planar joint, which is strengthened by the ligament of the head and the intercapital ligament.
It is homologous to the region of the leg that lies between the knee and the ankle joints, the crus.
Serotonin in the ENS acts in synergy with other digestive hormones to regulate sensory and motor gastrointestinal reflexes.
Lateral to the femoral vessels it is intimately connected to the posterior margin of the inguinal ligament, and is continuous with the transversalis fascia.
The sensation of taste includes five established basic tastes: sweetness, sourness, saltiness, bitterness, and umami.
Inflammation of the iliopectineal bursa is called iliopectineal bursitis or iliopsoas bursitis.
The autonomic nervous system has two branches: the sympathetic nervous system and the parasympathetic nervous system.
Bone marrow transplants can be conducted to treat severe diseases of the bone marrow, including certain forms of cancer such as leukemia.
The median artery is an artery that is occasionally found in humans and other animals.
The medial meniscus has more of a crescent shape while the lateral meniscus is more circular.
Above, this fascia is attached to the lower border of the zygomatic arch, and behind, it invests the parotid gland proceeding into the parotid fascia.
The heart has four valves and the other two are the mitral and the tricuspid valves.
The ninth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth cranial nerves.
It presents a malar and a temporal surface; four processes, the frontosphenoidal, orbital, maxillary, and temporal; and four borders.
The presacral fascia is limited postero-inferiorly, as it fuses with the mesorectal fascia, lying above the levator ani muscle, at the level of the anorectal junction.
For an average child between the ages of 8 and 14, approximately 20 to 30 billion cells die a day.
The cornea, with the anterior chamber and lens, refracts light, with the cornea accounting for approximately two-thirds of the eye's total optical power.
In mammals, however, the extracellular matrix modified by the cortical reaction is the zona pellucida.
The Sphenosquamosal suture is a cranial suture between the sphenoid bone and the squama of the temporal bone.
Usually, it is attached to the left branch of the portal vein within the porta hepatis.
Ways to avoid HPV include avoiding sex, using condoms, and HPV vaccination.
It is within the uterus that the fetus develops during gestation.
It is of particular clinical importance because it is a main route by which oropharyngeal infections can spread into the mediastinum.
The capacity of an adult human cranial cavity is 1,200-1,700 cm3.
S cells are cells which release secretin, found in the jejunum and duodenum.
This articulation is reinforced by the dorsal costotransverse ligament.
This shortage of empirical evidence has led many scholars to regard the entire topic as unsuitable for serious study.
It is carried out by or demonstrated to biology and anatomy students in high school and medical school.
In English, the term uterus is used consistently within the medical and related professions, while the Germanic-derived term womb is also commonly used in everyday contexts.
In humans and other land animals the middle ear is normally filled with air.
The aortic valve normally has three cusps or leaflets, although in 1–2% of the population it is found to congenitally have two leaflets.
A third type of photoreceptor, the photosensitive ganglion cells, is important for entrainment and reflexive responses to the brightness of light.
Its white color in prepared specimens is due to its usual preservation in formaldehyde.
The inion is the most prominent projection of the protuberance which is located at the posterioinferior part of the human skull.
In females, it serves as the mammary gland, which produces and secretes milk and feeds infants.
Within the thymus, T cells or T lymphocytes mature.
Further subtypes can be classified; for example, among lymphocytes, there are B cells, T cells, and NK cells.
The mutations required for immortality can occur naturally or be intentionally induced for experimental purposes.
Release of FSH and LH by gonadotropes is regulated by gonadotropin-releasing hormone from the hypothalamus.
Between these two membranes is a cavity called the pleural cavity that contains a fluid.
A myocyte is the type of cell found in muscle tissue.
These central processes travel through the dorsal horn where they synapse with second order neurons of Clarke's nucleus.
As the cremaster descends, it forms a series of loops which differ in thickness and length in different subjects.
It is a potential space located between the mylohyoid muscle superiorly, the platysma muscle inferiorly, under the chin in the midline.
Incudomalleolar joint or articulatio incudomallearis is a small synovial joint between the malleus and the incus.
The endothoracic fascia contains variable amounts of fat.
Lymphoid tissues contain lymphocytes, and also contain other types of cells for support.
The lung expands into the costomediastinal recess even during shallow inspiration.
For example, the skin plays a key role in protecting the body against pathogens and excessive water loss.
It has a basal layer and a functional layer; the functional layer thickens and then is sloughed during the menstrual cycle or estrous cycle.
Atrophy of the levator ani muscle and disease of the pudendal nerve may also contribute to a perineal hernia.
The four types of papillae on the human tongue have different structures and are named accordingly.
The Infraclavicular fossa is an indentation, or fossa, immediately below the clavicle, above the third rib and between the deltoid muscle laterally and medioclavicular line medially.
A nuclear bag fiber is a type of intrafusal muscle fiber that lies in the center of a muscle spindle.
Skin appendages are skin-associated structures that serve a particular function including sensation, contractility, lubrication and heat loss.
The costomediastinal recess is a potential space at the border of the mediastinal pleura and the costal pleura.
The accurate adaptation of the trochlea of the humerus, with its prominences and depressions, to the trochlear notch of the ulna, prevents any lateral movement.
The other membrane is the outer fibrous tendon sheath.
Muscle fibres, or muscle cells, are formed from the fusion of developmental myoblasts in a process known as myogenesis.
If the sphincter is damaged or cannot contract, blood can flow into the capillary bed at high pressures.
The hollow space of the middle ear is also known as the tympanic cavity and is surrounded by the tympani bone.
It is located between the levator anguli oris muscle inferiorly and the levator labii superioris muscle superiorly.
Osteocytes do not entirely fill up the canaliculi.
Subcutaneous fat covers and envelops a network of ducts that converge on the nipple, and these tissues give the breast its size and shape.
It is at the neuromuscular junction that a motor neuron is able to transmit a signal to the muscle fiber, causing muscle contraction.
During embryological development, it is derived from the neural crest.
Stereocilia are non-motile apical modifications of the cell, which are distinct from cilia and microvilli, but closely related to the latter.
The midsternal line can be interpreted as a segment of the median plane.
This produces a bolus which can be swallowed down the oesophagus and into the stomach.
Rod and cone cells in the retina allow conscious light perception and vision including color differentiation and the perception of depth.
Its formation may be provoked by pathological conditions such as high vascular resistance or ischaemia.
The pterygomandibular space is one of the four compartments of the masticator space.
These differences can assist in distinguishing the small intestine from the colon on an abdominal x-ray.
It passes deep to the flexor retinaculum and may terminate at one or more of the palmar arches.
Some mucous membranes secrete mucus, a thick protective fluid.
It divides the joint into two cavities, each of which is furnished with a synovial membrane.
Viewed from the occlusal the tooth is rather square in outline, particularly on the lingual.
The vagina allows for sexual intercourse and childbirth, and channels menstrual flow, which occurs periodically as part of the menstrual cycle.
The spiral ganglion is situated inside it.
Nails are similar to claws in other animals.
In animal studies, using four times the therapeutic concentration of the ophthalmic solution Latanoprost, the size of the palpebral fissure can be increased.
They are formed very early during human development, and may be visible in embryos of as little as 55 mm in length
At birth however, air begins to pass through the lungs, and the diversionary duct closes, so that the lungs can begin to respire.
There are two ligaments in this joint: the articular capsule and the dorsal talonavicular.
The midaxillary line is a coronal line on the torso between the anterior and posterior axillary lines.
The glucocorticoids cortisol and corticosterone are synthesized in the zona fasciculata; their functions include the regulation of metabolism and immune system suppression.
The whole circuitry is driven by the process of neurotransmission.
There are two types of intrafusal muscle fibers: nuclear bag and nuclear chain fibers.
The frenulum labii inferioris is the frenulum of the lower lip.
The efferent vessels of the anterior set pass to the parasternal lymph nodes.
The internal urethral orifice is the opening of the urinary bladder into the urethra.
The ascending colon is the part of the colon located between the cecum and the transverse colon.
The hyoglossal membrane is a strong fibrous lamina, which connects the under surface of the root of the tongue to the body of the hyoid bone.
It is continuous with fascia and other connective tissue wrappings of muscle including the endomysium and perimysium.
Fibroma of the tendon sheath has been described.
Medical imaging technologies such as functional neuroimaging, and electroencephalography recordings are important in studying the brain.
Gels of polysaccharides and fibrous proteins fill the interstitial space and act as a compression buffer against the stress placed on the ECM.
The remaining space is known as the periosteocytic space, which is filled with periosteocytic fluid.
In humans, the renal medulla is made up of 10 to 18 of these conical subdivisions.
MSC have been found in organisms and have been studied as well in tissue culture .
The podocytes have long processes, called foot processes, foot projections, or pedicels, for which the cells are named.
Many genes essential for VNO function in animals are non-functional in humans.
The anterior nares are the external portion of the nostrils.
Premolars can be considered as 'transitional teeth' during chewing, or mastication.
Spinal nerves serve both functions and are called mixed nerves.
The carotid sinus extends from the bifurcation to the "true" internal carotid artery.
Instead, the teeth that precede the permanent maxillary premolars are the deciduous maxillary molars.
The three major types of nasal glands are anterior serous glands, seromucous glands, and Bowman glands.
Knowledge of the clitoris is significantly impacted by cultural perceptions of the organ.
Hair is one of the defining characteristics of mammals.
Gastric pits are indentations in the stomach which denote entrances to the tubular shaped gastric glands.
Together with the anchoring fibrils and anchoring filaments, these are collectively termed the HD-stable adhesion complex or HD-anchoring filament complex.
It is also separated from the colon by the cecocolic junction.
Dentists replace missing, damaged, and severely decayed teeth by ﬁxed or removable prostheses to restore or improve mastication function.
The point where the upper temporal line cuts the coronal suture is named the stephanion.
This allows the pia mater to enclose cerebrospinal fluid.
Chyme or chymus is the semi-fluid mass of partly digested food that is expelled by the stomach, through the pyloric valve, into the duodenum.
It is involved in the homeostasis and repair of the kidney, and holds therapeutic potential for treatment of kidney failure.
They are homologous to Bartholin's glands in females.
It was first described by Leonardi Da Vinci in his exploration of human anatomy.
For vision, these are of two types: the rods and cones.
Intrafusal muscle fibers are walled off from the rest of the muscle by a collagen sheath.
The medial compartment of thigh is one of the fascial compartments of the thigh and contains the hip adductor muscles and the gracilis muscle.
The glands of Moll are prone to infection and blockage of its duct with sebum and cell debris.
The function of this molar is similar to that of all molars in regard to grinding being the principal action during mastication, commonly known as chewing.
The duct of eccrine gland is formed by two layers of cuboidal epithelial cells.
However, CDC does not respond well to chemotherapy drugs used for renal cell carcinoma, and progresses and spreads more quickly.
In human females, the clitoral hood and labia minora protrude into the pudendal cleft to a greater or lesser extent.
The median umbilical ligament or Xander's ligament is a structure in human anatomy.
It is part of the somatosensory system and runs in parallel with the dorsal spinocerebellar tract.
At the lateral side of the gland this fascia is called the parotid fascia.
The one on the left, the left colic flexure is known as the splenic flexure.
Verumontanum is translated from Latin to mean 'mountain ridge', a reference to the distinctive median elevation of urothelium that characterizes the landmark on magnified views.
Proerythroblasts arise from the CFU-e cells, and give rise to basophilic erythroblasts.
It deals with the human brain insofar as it shares the properties of other brains.
Each "leg" of the V converges on the clitoral body.
In the urinary bladder, anteriorly there are the following folds:
superiorly: by the external iliac artery and vein
Organs are retroperitoneal if they have peritoneum on their anterior side only.
The perivitelline space is the space between the zona pellucida and the cell membrane of an oocyte or fertilized ovum.
Although the G-spot has been studied since the 1940s, disagreement persists over its existence as a distinct structure, definition and location.
The organ is surrounded by a dense, perineurium-like connective tissue.
The anterior grey column is the column where the cell bodies of alpha motor neurons are located.
It is the terminal portion of a limb which bears weight and allows locomotion.
Olfactory glands might secrete proteins such as lysozyme, amylase and IgA similarly to serous glands.
Gastric chief cells are generally located deep in the mucosal layer of the stomach lining.
It is derived from connective tissue, the cells resembling fibroblasts, and contains abundant collagen.
Myosatellite cells or satellite cells are small multipotent cells with virtually no cytoplasm found in mature muscle.
Also called the corpus cavernous urethrae in older texts.
The term "corneosclera" is also used to describe the sclera and cornea together.
The clavipectoral triangle is an anatomical region found in humans and other animals.
Loose connective tissue is named based on the weave and type of its constituent fibers.
The excretory ducts of the sublingual gland are from eight to twenty in number.
The nasal mucous membrane lines the nasal cavities, and is intimately adherent to the periosteum or perichondrium of the nasal conchae.
The angle of His is the acute angle created between the cardia at the entrance to the stomach, and the esophagus.
The spinal canal was first described by Jean Fernel.
The rectus abdominis muscle is crossed by three fibrous bands called the tendinous intersections or tendinous inscriptions.
As the Greek name implies, glia are commonly known as the glue of the nervous system; however, this is not fully accurate.
Anatomically, it is said that the knuckles consist of the metacarpophalangeal and interphalangeal joints of the finger.
The cardiac skeleton separates and partitions the atria from the ventricles.
The fibers of the anterior spinothalamic tract conduct information about pressure and crude touch.
The human teeth function to mechanically break down items of food by cutting and crushing them in preparation for swallowing and digesting.
Human eyes help provide a three dimensional, moving image, normally coloured in daylight.
PTH is an 84-amino acid hormone, initially synthesized as 115-amino acid preproPTH.
The epiphysis is filled with red bone marrow, which produces erythrocytes.
Foreign bodies that fall down the trachea are more likely to enter the right bronchus.
In the inguinal region, the transverse fascia is thick and dense in structure and is joined by fibers from the aponeurosis of the transverse abdominal.
CCK also causes the release of digestive enzymes from the pancreas.
This fascial layer is the outermost membrane of the thoracic cavity.
They form either by the result of developmental anomalies or trauma.
Whereas sarcoplasm is a type of cytoplasm, myoplasm is the entire contractile portion of muscle tissue.
Also, they are often diagnosed incidentally as incidentalomas.
The topic is difficult to study because of the lack of direct evidence.
Therefore, one of the most important roles of the thymus is the induction of central tolerance.
Chromaffin paraganglia are connected with the ganglia of the sympathetic trunk and the ganglia of the celiac, renal, adrenal, aortic and hypogastric plexuses.
In front it is attached to the back of the pubic symphysis about 2 cm.
It is unknown if this is the physiological function of Hassall's corpuscles in vivo.
This fibrous connective tissue interpenetrates and surrounds the muscles, bones, nerves and blood vessels of the body.
A cusp is a pointed, projecting, or elevated feature.
They give rise to medium-sized vessels known as distributing arteries.
The nephron is the basic structural and functional unit of the kidney.
It is the beginning of the thrombocytic series.
The primary functions of the testes are to produce sperm and to produce androgens, primarily testosterone.
This barrier also includes a thick basement membrane and astrocytic endfeet.
Pancreatic juice is a liquid secreted by the pancreas, which contains a variety of enzymes, including trypsinogen, chymotrypsinogen, elastase, carboxypeptidase, pancreatic lipase, nucleases and amylase.
It is embrionically derived from visceral peritoneum.
An important characteristic of electrical synapses is that they are mostly bidirectional.
There it makes a synapse with the dendrites of two neurons: they send their axons bilaterally to the ventral border of the lateral funiculi.
Some of the structures that Papez originally described such as the hippocampus now appear to have little to do with emotional behavior.
It has no known function and can be cut without apparent consequence.
The third portion of the superior cerebellar arteries.
Cells are flat with flattened and oblong nucleus.
Damage or injury to nerve fibers causes neuropathic pain.
The lingual groove runs from the more distal of the central pits in the central groove toward the lingual surface between the mesiolingual and distolingual cusps.
Mesothelium that covers the internal organs is called visceral mesothelium, while the layer that covers the body walls is called the parietal mesothelium.
The small intestine has three distinct regions – the duodenum, jejunum, and ileum.
Although the lacrimal lake usually contains 7-10 µL of tears, the maximum fluid it can usually hold is 25-30 µL before tearing occurs.
revisited the anatomy of the posterior atlantooccipital membrane via plastination.
A band cell is a cell undergoing granulopoiesis, derived from a metamyelocyte, and leading to a mature granulocyte.
The gustatory cortex is responsible for the perception of taste.
In humans, it is located in the abdominal cavity behind the stomach.
They do this by secreting a small variety of products, including club cell secretory protein uteroglobin, and a solution similar in composition to pulmonary surfactant.
The English word "skull" is probably derived from Old Norse "skulle", while the Latin word cranium comes from the Greek root κρανίον.
In anatomy, a fossa; from the Latin "fossa", ditch or trench) is a depression or hollow, usually in a bone, such as the hypophyseal fossa.
The larynx contains vocal chords, the epiglottis, and an area known as the subglottic larynx—the narrowest section of the upper part of the throat.
After sectioning the serous cells resembled the common demilune shape, and were so named.
The superior fibres are attached above to the lateral malleolus and below to the lateral surface of the calcaneus.
The muscular system is an organ system consisting of skeletal, smooth and cardiac muscles.
Originates from ventral horn at lumbosacral spinal levels.
It is also necessary for the process of breathing and is controlled by the SNS.
The tongue also serves as a natural means of cleaning the teeth.
A 2009 British study concluded that its existence is unproven and subjective, based on questionnaires and personal experience.
It permits the tendon to stretch and not adhere to the surrounding fascia.
Cell junctions are also important in reducing stress placed upon cells.
This is one of the numerous symptoms of genetic disorders like cri-du-chat.
It is around 45 cm in men and around 43 cm long in women.
Crowded between the collagen fibers are rows of fibroblasts, fiber-forming cells, that generate the fibers.
the posterior chamber between the iris and the front face of the vitreous.
The cumulus oophorus, also called discus proligerus, is a cluster of cells that surround the oocyte both in the ovarian follicle and after ovulation.
Surface mucous cells line the pits themselves but give way to a series of other types of cells which then line the glands themselves.
Both autonomic and enteric nervous systems function involuntarily.
The main bones of the ankle region are the talus, and the tibia and fibula.
The tendon of the superior oblique muscle passes through it.
The ears of vertebrates are placed somewhat symmetrically on either side of the head, an arrangement that aids sound localisation.
Active opening of the Eustachian tube is required to equalize the pressure between the middle ear and the surrounding atmosphere as the plane descends.
A sinus ostium is the opening that connects a sinus to the nasal cavity itself.
The pretracheal fascia extends medially in front of the carotid vessels, and assists in forming the carotid sheath.
Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma.
The four main valves in the heart are:
Water and minerals are reabsorbed back into the blood in the colon where the pH is slightly acidic about 5.6 ~ 6.9.
Myosin can only bind to actin when the binding sites on actin are exposed by calcium ions.
The cervix has been documented anatomically since at least the time of Hippocrates, over 2,000 years ago.
Macrophages were first discovered by Élie Metchnikoff, a Russian zoologist, in 1884.
It is found in the dorsolateral quadrant of the lateral funiculus, in the lateral tegmentum of the medulla, pons and midbrain.
The glands of Zeis service the eyelash.
These cells have unique functions in vascular biology.
inferiorly: by the obturator nerve, artery and vein
The femoral triangle is an anatomical region of the upper inner thigh.
In contrast, hypothyroidism is a state of insufficient thyroid hormone production.
The right permanent maxillary canine is known as "6" and the left "11".
It terminates at the level of the anorectal ring or the dentate line, again depending upon which definition is used.
As atrial pressure increases above that of the left ventricle, the mitral valve opens.
The olfactory bulb also includes a portion of the anterior olfactory nucleus, the cells of which contribute fibers to the olfactory tract.
The cell bodies of the spiral ganglion neurons are found in the modiolus, the conical shaped central axis in the cochlea.
Its length varies from 3.5 to 35 cm., and it may become dilated toward its extremity; more commonly it retains the same diameter throughout.
The zygote will then divide over enough generations of cells to form a blastocyst, which implants itself in the wall of the uterus.
As the lens expands in positive accommodation, its volume increases.
Hence, it ultimately converts and amplifies vibration in air to vibration in fluid.
Two pairs of broadest categories classify them either by structure or by cell division lineage.
The presence of both testosterone and follicle-stimulating hormone is needed to support spermatogenesis.
The dimples of Venus are sagittally symmetrical indentations sometimes visible on the human lower back, just superior to the gluteal cleft.
The structure evolved from the basilar papilla and is crucial for mechanotransduction in mammals.
Myoepithelial cells support the secretory epithelial cells.
The atrium is the upper chamber in which blood enters the heart.
The suboccipital triangle is a region of the neck bounded by the following three muscles of the suboccipital group of muscles:
That is the plane seen in the picture.
The endoneuria with their enclosed nerve fibers are bundled into groups called nerve fascicles, each fascicle within its own protective sheath called a perineurium.
The human eye is an organ which reacts to light and pressure.
In the cat, implantation of the embryo occurs in one of the two uterine horns, not the body of the uterus itself.
Crossing the lacrimal sac, it divides into two parts, upper and lower, each attached to the medial end of the corresponding tarsus.
The mucous sheaths of the tendons on the back of the wrist are protective coverings for tendons in the wrist.
It is formed by the lower front of the mandible.
Most neurons are multipolar, generating several dendrites and an axon and there are also many bipolar neurons.
The costovertebral joints are the articulations that connect the heads of the ribs with the bodies of the thoracic vertebrae.
Other bands appear when the sarcomere is relaxed.
In the case where a fourth, supreme nasal concha is present, there is a fourth supreme nasal meatus.
Enteroendocrine cells of the intestine are the most numerous endocrine cells of the body.
In a neuron, synaptic vesicles store various neurotransmitters that are released at the synapse.
Muscle atrophy and other secondary complications can occur.
The human male urethra passes through the prostate gland, where it is joined by the ejaculatory duct, and then through the penis.
The thyroid hormones triiodothyronine and thyroxine are created from iodine and tyrosine.
In herbivores, the cecum stores food material where bacteria are able to break down the cellulose.
Respiration is driven by different muscular systems in different species.
The scrotum will usually tighten during penile erection and when exposed to cold temperature.
Androgenic hair follows the same growth pattern as the hair that grows on the scalp, but with a shorter anagen phase and longer telogen phase.
Three spinal nerves in the sacrum, commonly referred to as the pelvic splanchnic nerves, also act as parasympathetic nerves.
Air is breathed in through the nose or the mouth.
The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
In males, this structure continues through the midline of the scrotum and upwards through the posterior midline aspect of the penis.
As with most other joints, synovial joints achieve movement at the point of contact of the articulating bones.
All glands are made up of epithelial cells.
Changes in number and sensitivity of hormone receptors may occur in response to high or low levels of stimulating hormones.
In pivot joints, the axis of a convex articular surface is parallel with the longitudinal axis of the bone.
The function of the tectospinal tract is to mediate reflex postural movements of the head in response to visual and auditory stimuli.
It is nearly circular and covers a larger portion of the articular surface than the medial.
The autonomic nervous system is further subdivided into the sympathetic and the parasympathetic nervous systems.
Fingernails and toenails are made of a tough protective protein called keratin.
A 2009 review concluded that epidemiologic evidence does not support the chiropractic subluxation, concluding:
During breathing the diaphragm contracts and flattens, displacing the viscera and producing an outward movement of the upper abdominal wall.
One or more join to form the major sublingual duct, which opens into the submandibular duct.
One branch inserts into the lower portion of the subscapularis muscle and the other branch inserts into the teres major.
The sheath is divided by two vertical partitions which stretch between its anterior and posterior walls.
The epithelial lining of the gland ducts is of the same character and is continuous with the general epithelial lining of the stomach.
White matter, which is mostly composed of axons and glial cells, is generally not considered to be a part of the neuropil.
This protein is also found in the hooves and horns of different animals.
The stimulation by G-CSF and other cytokines triggers maturation, differentiation, proliferation and cell survival.
There are two kinds of bag fibers based upon contraction speed and motor innervation.
Molars show a great deal of diversity in size and shape across mammal groups.
The basal lamina is a layer of extracellular matrix secreted by the epithelial cells, on which the epithelium sits.
Cardiac muscle is often treated separately from the other striated muscles, as it has somewhat different characteristics.
Some of the differences are entirely physical and some differences are just as obviously purely a matter of social learning and custom.
The bony labyrinth is the rigid, bony outer wall of the inner ear in the temporal bone.
Thus, the right deciduous mandibular canine is known as "83", and the left one is known as "73".
The external urethral sphincter is a striated muscle that allows voluntary control over urination.
Chyme slowly passes through the pyloric sphincter and into the duodenum, where the extraction of nutrients begins.
The origin of the anterior choroidal artery.
His hypothesis was that there would exist an inhibitory influence which exerted and influenced the cortical or spinal centers for standing and walking.
In most animals, the extracellular matrix present around the egg is the vitelline envelope which becomes the fertilization membrane following the cortical reaction.
The bones of the popliteal fossa are the femur and the tibia.
Transverse tubules are extensions of the sarcolemma that penetrate into the centre of skeletal and cardiac muscle cells.
In the universal system of notation, the permanent mandibular premolars are designated by a number.
It joins nearly at right angles with the left sagittal fossa, and separates the quadrate lobe in front from the caudate lobe and process behind.
Vascular endothelial cells line the entire circulatory system, from the heart to the smallest capillaries.
This unique arrangement is conducive to mineral salt deposits and storage which gives bone tissue its strength.
The corpora cavernosa penis are surrounded by a strong fibrous envelope consisting of superficial and deep fibers.
It communicates with the uterine cavity via the internal orifice of the uterus, and with the vagina via the external orifice of the uterus.
In the macula lutea, the layer forms several strata.
The suboccipital nerve also passes through this defect.
The prostatic fluid is expelled in the first ejaculate fractions, together with most of the spermatozoa.
These unique crosslinks are responsible for elastin's elasticity.
The suture can be palpated just lateral to the eye.
The appendicular skeleton includes the skeletal elements within the limbs, as well as supporting pectoral and pelvic girdles in the case of tetrapods.
Clinical investigations include X-rays when swallowing barium, endoscopy, and CT scans.
The perineurium is cellular, and is composed of perineurial cells, which are epithelioid myofibroblasts.
Corticotropes are basophilic cells in the anterior pituitary that produce melanocyte-stimulating hormone, adrenocorticotropic hormone and lipotropin.
: bipolar cells, horizontal cells, and amacrine cells.
Electron microscopic analysis of the epidermal basement membrane zone reveals that it comprises a narrow and sometimes folded interface between the basal keratinocytes and the dermis.
The internal sex organs are the uterus and Fallopian tubes, and the ovaries.
The international notation has a different system of notation.
Smooth muscle cells control involuntary movements such as the peristalsis contractions in the oesophagus and stomach.
Most animal epithelial cells have a fuzz-like coat on the external surface of their plasma membranes.
Some individuals have a superficial ulnar artery that runs superficially to the bicipital aponeurosis instead of underneath it.
The chiropractic subluxation is the heart of the split between "straight" and "mixer" chiropractors.
The trachea develops in the second month of development.
Within the cerebrum is the ventricular system, consisting of four interconnected ventricles in which cerebrospinal fluid is produced and circulated.
The ventral tract gets its proprioceptive/fine touch/vibration information from a first order neuron, with its cell body in a dorsal ganglion.
The Deltoid fascia is a fibrous membrane overlying the deltoid muscle of the shoulder.
Spiral valves of Heister are undulating folds or valves in the proximal mucosa of the cystic duct.
They have receptors for insulin, sexual hormones, norepinephrine, and glucocorticoids.
Intramuscular Interstitial cells of Cajal are involved in the stimulation of smooth muscle cells, neurotransmitters act through them.
The ankle includes three joints: the ankle joint proper or talocrural joint, the subtalar joint, and the inferior tibiofibular joint.
In human anatomy, the Pars flaccida of tympanic membrane or Shrapnell's membrane is the small, triangular, flaccid portion of the tympanic membrane, or eardrum.
The uterine isthmus is the inferior-posterior part of uterus, on its cervical end — here the uterine muscle is narrower and thinner.
The skull is made up of a number of fused flat bones, and contains many foramina and processes, and several cavities or sinuses.
The mandibular canines usually have only one root, but sometimes the root may be bifurcated, or have two roots.
Exercise temporarily increases the rate, but lowers resting heart rate in the long term, and is good for heart health.
In simple terms, it refers to the opening between the eye lids.
Endomysium has been shown to contain mainly type I and type III collagen components, and type IV and type V in very minor amounts.
The nervous system sends information very quickly, and responses are generally short lived.
The glans is more commonly known as the "head" or the "tip" of the penis.
The phenomenon of biochemical processes' serving to regulate distant tissues by means of secretions directly into the circulatory system is called endocrine signaling.
The surface of the mucous membrane is covered by a single layer of columnar epithelium.
This is opposed to other components or tissues in muscle such as tendons or perimysium.
The epithelial cells are interposed by the myoepithelial cells.
It is distinct in the hearts of quadrupeds, but in man is scarcely visible.
The term "meniscus" has a very similar meaning.
The term germinal epithelium is a misnomer as it does not give rise to primary follicles.
The coronal suture is a dense, fibrous connective tissue joint that separates the frontal and parietal bones of the skull.
The rectum is the final straight portion of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals, and the gut in others.
A glomerulus and its surrounding Bowman's capsule constitute a renal corpuscle, the basic filtration unit of the kidney.
It is one of two joints between the radius and ulna, the other being the proximal radioulnar articulation.
The trachea extends from the larynx and branches into the two primary bronchi.
These are two symmetrical indentations on the posterior aspect of the sacrum which also contain a venous channel.
These structures then open into the hiatus semilunaris in the middle meatus.
The bottom three regions, from left to right, are the left inguinal, hypogastric, and right inguinal regions.
It is separated from the dartos tunic by loose areolar tissue.
These cells can be found in clusters in the center of the section and at the periphery.
The external occipital crest is part of the external surface of the squamous part of the occipital bone.
The vagina has been studied in humans more than it has been in other animals.
The eccrine gland opens out through the sweat pore.
The flexor digitorum superficialis lies in between the other four muscles of the superficial group and the three muscles of the deep group.
When a man is upright or supine, the recto-vesical pouch is the lowest part of his peritoneal cavity.
It exists to prevent air bubbles from forming in the blood, and from blood entering the alveoli.
It represents lower end of urogenital sinus from stage of embryo.
The medical specialty of neurology studies disorders of the nervous system and looks for interventions that can prevent or treat them.
At the angles they are dilated into ampullæ.
The common hepatic duct is the duct formed by the convergence of the right hepatic duct and the left hepatic duct.
The saccule detects linear accelerations and head tilts in the vertical plane.
A nasal meatus is a nasal passage of the nasal cavity, of which there are three; the superior meatus, middle meatus and inferior meatus.
Aging usually causes the eyelids to become more loose which in turn enables the lacrimal lake to hold even more fluid.
In the kidney, a renal corpuscle is the initial blood-filtering component of a nephron.
Preputial glands also known as Tyson's glands are found in the genitals of both sexes of mice and rats.
MacLean redefined the circuit as the "visceral brain" which consisted of the limbic lobe and its major connections in the forebrain – hypothalamus, amygdala, and septum.
The sternal angle is a palpable clinical landmark in surface anatomy.
It is also referred to as the internal semilunar fibrocartilage.
It is comparable to the cytoplasm of other cells, but it contains unusually large amounts of glycosomes and significant amounts of myoglobin, an oxygen-binding protein.
At the ends of the ducts are lobules, or clusters of alveoli, where milk is produced and stored in response to hormonal signals.
The germinal epithelium is the innermost layer of the testicle.
These basophils are further classified by the hormones they produce.
The increased water volume between the fibrils results in forces that tend to push the fibrils apart.
Generally, the term 'meniscus' is used to refer to the cartilage of the knee, either to the lateral or medial meniscus.
The rectovaginal fascia is a thin structure separating the vagina and the rectum.
The most important is brain disease and the effects of brain damage, that are covered in the human brain article.
From 2008, operations have transplanted a windpipe grown by stem cells, and synthetic windpipes; their success is however doubtful.
Transverse folds were first described by Irish–British anatomist John Houston, curator of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland Museum, in 1830.
It encloses the thyroid and is responsible for its movement during deglutition.
Normal variations of the hymen range from thin and stretchy to thick and somewhat rigid; or it may also be completely absent.
It is named for German anatomist Adam Christian Thebesius.
Usually they are worn off early in the life of the tooth.
The thyroid may be affected by several diseases.
The cerebral cortex is an outer layer of grey matter, covering the core of white matter.
The ventral spinocerebellar tract then enters the cerebellum via the superior cerebellar peduncle.
It is so named because of this function in the transition of degree of distension.
It is a thin potential space on the face, and is paired on either side.
Upon childbirth, the alveoli are stimulated to produce and secrete milk for infants.
In the universal system of notation, the permanent mandibular second molars are designated by a number.
Nerve fibers are classed into three types – A delta fibers, B fibers, and C fibres.
The fascia of the pelvis can be divided into:
Sharpey's fibres are also used to attach muscle to the periosteum of bone by merging with the fibrous periosteum and underlying bone as well.
The two cusp variety generally has a groove pattern shaped like a “U” or “H”.
The etymology suggests this, since the Latin names translate to "the mucosa's own special layer" and "muscular layer of the mucosa".
The iliopectinal arch thus forms a septum which subdivides the space deep to the inguinal ligament into a lateral muscular lacuna and a medial vascular lacuna.
Liquid shear detaches the nerve terminals from the axon and the plasma membrane surrounding the nerve terminal particle reseals.
For many years, it had been believed that the axon hillock was the usual site of action potential initiation.
At the lower part of the thoracic region the deep fascia is well-developed, and is continuous with the fibrous sheaths of the rectus abdominis.
The triangular interval is a space found in the axilla.
An inflammatory condition, also involving the larynx and bronchi, called croup can result in a barking cough.
Yellow in appearance, it greatly affects the color of a tooth due to the translucency of enamel.
In the fingers, finally, are the metacarpophalangeal joints between the metacarpal bones and the phalanges or finger bones which are interconnected by the interphalangeal joints.
Thin, sheet-like extensions of the superior cistern that extend laterally about the midbrain, connecting it to the interpeduncular cistern.
Other names for this trait include plica palpebronasalis and palpebronasal fold.
Most plant and animal cells are visible only under a microscope, with dimensions between 1 and 100 micrometres.
In addition, hair follicles, sweat glands, sebaceous glands, apocrine glands, lymphatic vessels and blood vessels are present in the dermis.
In humans, the nose is located centrally on the face and serves as an alternative respiratory passage especially during suckling for infants.
As such it is of interest to dental surgeons.
The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in many animals, that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Erythropoietin is produced in the renal cortex.
Only the most superficial layer is made up of cuboidal cells, and the other layers can be cells of other types.
On the way down, the volume of air in the middle ear shrinks, and a slight vacuum is produced.
The Nucleus proprius is a layer of the spinal cord adjacent to the substantia gelatinosa.
Abdominal fascia refers to the various types of fascia found in the abdominal region.
It is medially bordered by the intramural portion of the tube that connects to the endometrial cavity and laterally by the ampullary part of the tube.
The fibers of the external intercostal muscles run downward and forward between adjacent ribs.
Sometimes the peritoneum completely invests it and forms a distinct but narrow mesocolon.
It has also had implications for sciences related to surgery, anatomy, and development.
The minor duodenal papilla is the opening of the accessory pancreatic duct into the descending second section of the duodenum.
During the proliferative phase, uterine glands appear long due to estrogen secretion by the ovaries.
The internal orifice of the uterus is an interior narrowing of the uterine cavity.
The pectinate line is a line which divides the upper two thirds and lower third of the anal canal.
The cardiac glands mainly contain mucus-producing cells called foveolar cells.
It constitutes the content of the ventricles, cisterns, and sulci of the brain, as well as the central canal of the spinal cord.
There is one inguinal canal on each side of the midline.
Radially the TM is divided into three zones, the limbal, middle and marginal zones.
The folds are triangular in shape, being narrow in front, wide behind, and sloping obliquely downward and backward.
At its centre, human corneal stroma is composed of about 200 flattened lamellæ, superimposed one on another.
Amphibian skin is not a strong barrier, especially regarding the passage of chemicals via skin and is often subject to osmosis and diffusive forces.
11th and 12th pairs of ribs laterally,
Ileum is derived from the Greek word eilein, meaning "to twist up tightly."
Medial to the vessels the iliac fascia is attached to the pectineal line behind the conjoint tendon, where it is again continuous with the transversalis fascia.
The axon hillock is the last site in the soma where membrane potentials propagated from synaptic inputs are summated before being transmitted to the axon.
The ampulla is the third portion of the fallopian tube.
If no conception occurs, the uterine lining as well as blood will be shed during menstruation.
The pancreatic notch is a separation between the neck of pancreas and the uncinate process of pancreas.
Within the vestibule, the epithelium loses its keratinised nature and undergoes a transition into typical respiratory epithelium before entering the nasal fossa.
It has been erroneously described as the posterior aspect of the mesorectal fascia.
The vesico-uterine pouch is close to the anterior fornix of the vagina.
The approximation of the arches due to the contraction of the palatoglossal muscles constricts the isthmus, and is essential to swallowing.
One source defines "ocular adnexa" as the orbit, conjunctiva, and eyelids.
Behind the nasal cavity, air next passes through the pharynx, shared with the digestive system, and then into the rest of the respiratory system.
There are two lacrimal puncta in the medial portion of each eyelid.
Each human hand has five metacarpals and eight carpal bones.
It composed of two bones, the humerus and ulna, and is the junction between the trochlear notch of ulna and the trochlea of humerus.
It is divided into two cerebral hemispheres.
The glands and gastric pits are located in the stomach lining.
Centroacinar cells are an extension of the intercalated duct cells into each pancreatic acinus.
Lymphocytes include natural killer cells, T cells, and B cells.
Though nearly all human skin is covered with hair follicles, it can appear hairless.
A third, the largest and most constant, projects backward from the forepart of the rectum, opposite the fundus of the urinary bladder.
Mental in this sense derives from Latin mentum, not mens, source of the more common meaning of mental.
Striated muscle has transverse bands of filaments.
Axon fibers from Clarke's Nucleus convey this proprioceptive information in the spinal cord in the peripheral region of the funiculus posterior ipsilaterally.
This occurs at the lower end of the trachea.
On the external aspect of the right atrium, corresponding to the crista terminalis is a groove, the terminal sulcus.
It is strong enough to bind different tissue types together, yet soft enough to provide flexibility and cushioning.
It is generally surrounded by one or more sulci.
When this occurs, the voltage inside the axon changes, and depolarization or hyperpolarization of the membrane can occur.
There are, however, diseases and disorders that may adversely affect the function and overall effectiveness of the system.
They were named after German physiologist Alfred Volkmann.
Many species of mammals have diastemata as a normal feature, most commonly between the incisors and molars.
The other part of the nasal cavity, which is lined by the respiratory epithelium, is called nasal cavity proper.
On the other side, some sources define it as bounded by the vertebral bodies, and others define it as bounded by the longus colli.
Immortal cell lines are a very important tool for research into the biochemistry and cell biology of multicellular organisms.
Mammals, reptiles and birds use their musculoskeletal systems to support and foster breathing.
This allows for bracing of the knee especially in lifting the opposite foot.
Research has also shown the decline in the number of pinealocytes by way of apoptosis as the age of the organism increases.
They produce and maintain the cartilaginous matrix, which consists mainly of collagen and proteoglycans.
The olfactory epithelium is the part of the olfactory system directly responsible for detecting odors.
This region also includes the carpal tunnel, the anatomical snuff box, the flexor retinaculum, and the extensor retinaculum.
Fontanelles allow for rapid stretching and deformation of the neurocranium as the brain expands faster than the surrounding bone can grow.
Other theories involve Hertwig epithelial root sheath being involved.
They have a shiny, whitish-silvery color, are histologically similar to tendons, and are very sparingly supplied with blood vessels and nerves.
It is a potential space in the side of the head, and is paired on either side.
As the anterior chamber depth decreases below 2.5 mm, the risk for angle closure glaucoma increases.
The name neutrophil derives from staining characteristics on hematoxylin and eosin histological or cytological preparations.
Oligodendrocytes, or oligodendroglia, are a type of neuroglia.
The thoracic spinal nerve 11 is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
Thus cardiomyocyte adherens junctions differ from epithelial adherens junctions and desmosomes.
In the universal system of notation, the deciduous mandibular canines are designated by a letter written in uppercase.
Surgically, the esophagus is very difficult to access.
The primary function of the pinealocytes is the secretion of the hormone melatonin, important in the regulation of circadian rhythms.
It is a clear, membrane-like structure that is quite elastic, a quality that keeps it under constant tension.
One of the main functions of the lymph system is to provide an accessory return route to the blood for the surplus three litres.
They are short-lived and highly motile, or mobile, as they can enter parts of tissue where other cells/molecules cannot.
The opposed surfaces of the bones are flat or almost flat, with movement limited by their tight joint capsules.
The endothelial cells are in direct contact with the blood flow.
It is formed by the sphenoid bone and maxilla.
The word parotid literally means "beside the ear".
The superior anastomotic vein, also known as the vein of Trolard, is a superficial cerebral vein grouped with the superior cerebral veins.
Enterochromaffin cells, discovered by Nikolai Kulchitsky of Karazin Kharkiv National University.
In bilaterally symmetrical animals, nervous tissues concentrate at the anterior region, forming structures responsible for information processing.
It was supposed by Lower to direct the blood from the superior vena cava toward the atrioventricular opening.
Both roots have flutings but they are more prominent on the mesial root.
It is a subfascial space which appears as a triangular depression inferior to the inguinal ligament when the thigh is flexed, abducted and laterally rotated.
It communicates with the uterine cavity via the internal orifice of the uterus, and with the vagina via the external orifice of the uterus.
GVA create referred pain by activating general somatic afferent fibers where the two meet in the posterior grey column.
Parasympathetic will induce lacrimation and vice versa.
This simpler concept has enabled substantial advances to be made in different aspects of surgery on the colon and rectum.
It contains elastic fiber networks and collagen fibers.
Adult stem cells are frequently used in various medical therapies.
Its other functions are insulation, temperature regulation, sensation, synthesis of vitamin D, and the protection of vitamin B folates.
Bones are organs that are made up of bone tissue as well as bone marrow, small blood vessels, epithelium and nerves.
The Jugulum is a low part of the throat, located slightly above the breast.
It is part of the deep cervical fascia of the neck, below the superficial cervical fascia meaning the subcutaneous adipose tissue immediately beneath the skin.
Such immovable joints are also referred to as synarthroses.
Together with the lateral pharyngeal space, these spaces are termed the parapharyngeal spaces.
They can be found in the stomach, intestine and the pancreatic islets.
The shoulder joint also known as the glenohumeral joint, is the major joint of the shoulder, but can more broadly include the acromioclavicular joint.
Diseases such as bronchitis can also affect the respiratory tract.
They typically have an enlarged lumen, hence the name similar to alveoli, the smallest air sacs in the lungs.
It is made up of one layer of endothelial cells and is supported by an internal elastic lamina.
Dense connective tissue forms strong, rope-like structures such as tendons and ligaments.
The cells in the epithelium are connected via tight junctions.
Perichondrium can be found around the perimeter of elastic cartilage and hyaline cartilage.
In anatomy, the abdominal wall represents the boundaries of the abdominal cavity.
The limbus contains radially-oriented fibrovascular ridges known as the palisades of Vogt that may harbour a stem cell population.
In mammals the duodenum may be the principal site for iron absorption.
The nasolacrimal duct carries tears from the lacrimal sac of the eye into the nasal cavity.
Epithelial tissues line the cavities and surfaces of blood vessels and organs throughout the body.
The free border of the membrane arches over the artery and nerve and is sometimes ossified.
In the anatomy of the female reproductive system, the cervical canal is the spindle-shaped, flattened canal of the cervix, the neck of the uterus.
Thanks to newer technologies, nowadays this procedure is possible.
The bone cells develop new bone tissue and continual bone remodeling – maintaining the bones and the regulation of minerals in the body.
The cranial nerves containing GVE fibers include the oculomotor nerve, the facial nerve, the glossopharyngeal nerve and the vagus nerve.
In its course, it describes an arch, the concavity of which is directed backward and a little upward.
Thus, the right deciduous mandibular lateral incisor known as "82", and the left one is known as "72".
Underarm hair, also known as axillary hair, is the hair in the underarm area.
After birth, the hyaloid canal contains lymph and its purpose is to facilitate changes in the volume of the lens.
The most common form of genital alteration is circumcision, removal of part or all of the foreskin for various cultural, religious and, more rarely, medical reasons.
The renal lobe is a portion of a kidney consisting of a renal pyramid and the renal cortex above it.
The foramen lacerum is a triangular hole in the base of the skull located between the sphenoid, apex of petrous temporal and basilar part of occipital.
It is one of the three main planes of the body used to describe the location of body parts in relation to each other.
The alkalinity of semen helps neutralize the acidity of the vaginal tract, prolonging the lifespan of sperm.
Hyperthyroidism occurs when the gland produces excessive amounts of thyroid hormones, the most common cause being Graves' disease — an autoimmune disorder.
The nuchal fascia is a fascia covering the autochthonous musculature of the neck as a part of the cervical fascia.
In the eyelids, meibomian glands, also called tarsal glands, are a type of sebaceous gland that secrete a special type of sebum into tears.
They are the structures which carry milk toward the nipple in a lactating female.
There can be two or more foramina separated by a portion of dentin and cementum or by cementum only.
The pseudoscience of phrenology attempted to localise personality attributes to regions of the cortex in the 19th century.
The grey column refers to a somewhat ridge-shaped mass of grey matter in the spinal cord.
The high density of collagen fibers is what gives the deep fascia its strength and integrity.
In this way, lysozyme confers antimicrobial activity to mucus.
Appearance of the follicular antrum during follicular maturation is the first sign that a follicle has reached the next stage of maturation.
It carries proprioceptive information from muscle spindles and Golgi tendon organs of ipsilateral part of trunk and lower limb.
The glands themselves are in the lamina propria of the mucous membrane and they open into the bases of the gastric pits formed by the epithelium.
The cauda equina occupies the lumbar cistern, a subarachnoid space inferior to the conus medullaris.
The knee is the largest hinge joint in the human body.
Cardiac and smooth muscles contract without conscious thought and are termed involuntary, whereas the skeletal muscles contract upon command.
Although ovaries occur in a wide variety of animals, both vertebrate and invertebrate, this article is primarily about human ovaries.
It is a layer of connective tissue between the muscular layer and the serosa.
They exist along the length of the lower limb, in greater number in the leg than in the thigh.
The corpus hemorrhagicum is a temporary structure formed immediately after ovulation from the ovarian follicle as it collapses and is filled with blood that quickly clots.
The development of the anus was an important stage in the evolution of multicellular animals.
The outer plexiform layer is a layer of neuronal synapses in the retina of the eye.
It receives CSF from the fourth ventricle via the median aperture named foramen of Magendie.
During swallowing, it closes to prevent aspiration, forcing the swallowed liquids or food to go down the esophagus instead.
Beneath the mucous membrane on the oral surface of the soft palate is a considerable amount of adenoid tissue.
From an evolutionary viewpoint the beard is a part of the broader category of androgenic hair.
Therefore, women do not have a recto-vesical pouch, but instead have a recto-uterine pouch and vesico-uterine pouch.
The brain occupies the cranial cavity, which is lined by the meninges and which contains cerebrospinal fluid to cushion blows.
Metastatic cancer cells can also be transported via lymph.
In addition to hematopoietic cells, the marrow is composed of marrow adipose tissue as well as trabecular bone.
Together, the lungs contain approximately 2,400 kilometres of airways and 300 to 500 million alveoli.
During swallowing, the epiglottis tilts backwards to prevent food from going down the larynx and lungs.
It consists of no fewer than four distinct joints.
An immature ovum is a cell that goes through the process of oogenesis to become an ovum.
When food or other substances enter the mouth, molecules interact with saliva and are bound to taste receptors in the oral cavity and other locations.
The Golgi tendon organ is a proprioceptive sensory receptor organ that senses changes in muscle tension.
The deltopectoral groove is an indentation in the muscular structure between the deltoid muscle and pectoralis major.
The hypothalamus and pituitary gland are neuroendocrine organs.
They are named after Dr. William Fetherstone Montgomery, an Irish obstetrician who first described them in 1837.
Hydroxyapatite, calcium carbonate and calcium phosphate is deposited around the cell.
The cervical spinal nerve 8 is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment.
Human anatomy and physiology as it relates to the physical process of singing.
The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in many animals, that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
It contains no nerves or blood vessels, and its structure is relatively simple.
Its manifestation on the visible surface of the face is a distinctly depressed area directly between the eyes, just superior to the bridge of the nose.
The majority of these are prickle cells, similar to those found in the stratum mucosum of the cuticle.
An intervertebral disc lies between adjacent vertebrae in the vertebral column.
In anatomy, a muscle fascicle is a bundle of skeletal muscle fibers surrounded by perimysium, a type of connective tissue.
An oocyte is a form of genetic material that can be collected for cryoconservation.
It includes most of the structures usually considered "internal organs", but not all.
It is located in the fusiform gyrus.
The cervical canal is lined with a single layer of column-shaped cells, while the ectocervix is covered with multiple layers of cells topped with flat cells.
The third portion of the posterior cerebral arteries.
The endocardium underlies the much more voluminous myocardium, the muscular tissue responsible for the contraction of the heart.
B-FLAT for Basophils: FSH, LH, ACTH, TSH
Synthesis of cholesterol, bile salts and phospholipids
Teeth are made of multiple tissues of varying density and hardness.
Mutations in inner nuclear envelope proteins can cause nuclear envelopathies, a number of genetic disorders in humans.
Once in the blood, chylomicrons are subject to delipidation by lipoprotein lipase.
The sacral spinal nerve 2 is a spinal nerve of the sacral segment.
The sacroiliac joint or SI joint is the joint between the sacrum and the ilium bones of the pelvis, which are connected by strong ligaments.
Furthermore, cells in the parasubiculum, and neighboring presubiculum, fire in relation to the animal's location in space, suggesting properties similar to place cells.
The glands on palms and soles do not respond to temperature but secrete at times of emotional stress.
When dissected, aponeuroses are papery and peel off by sections.
The oblique cord is a ligament between the ulnar and radius bones in the lower arm near the elbow.
Bruch's membrane is the innermost layer of the choroid.
Upon activation, EC cells release serotonin to act upon serotonin receptors on ENS neurons.
In anatomy, the areola is a small circular area on the body with a different histology from the surrounding tissue.
Bone tissue refers specifically to the bone mineral matrix that forms the rigid sections of the organ, and the bone cells within it.
In humans it is approximately 3 centimeters long, which makes it the longest human osseous canal of a nerve.
The released secretin will increase the secretion of bicarbonate into the lumen, via the pancreas.
In the human the bladder is a hollow muscular, and distensible organ, that sits on the pelvic floor.
The coracoclavicular fascia is pierced by the cephalic vein, thoracoacromial artery and vein, lymphatics and lateral pectoral nerve.
The subserosa has clinical importance particularly in cancer staging.
The middle cranial fossa, deeper than the anterior cranial fossa, is narrow medially and widens laterally to the sides of the skull.
The pulmonary valve is the semilunar valve of the heart that lies between the right ventricle and the pulmonary artery and has three cusps.
Some textbooks will subdivide the spongy urethra into two parts, the bulbous and pendulous urethra.
The relationship of interdental bone to the interproximal contact point between adjacent teeth is a determining factor in whether the interdental papilla will be present.
It is located anterior to the subscapularis muscle and inferior to the coracoid process.
The synovial membrane is a specialized connective tissue that lines the inner surface of capsules of synovial joints and tendon sheath.
Their name is potentially misleading — the "medullary" refers to their destination, not their location.
The cell population of the lamina propria is variable and can include, for example, fibroblasts, lymphocytes, plasma cells, macrophages, eosinophilic leukocytes, and mast cells.
Peduncular segments of the posterior cerebral arteries.
This nerve innervates the latissimus dorsi muscle.
Other animals, such as insects, have respiratory systems with very simple anatomical features, and in amphibians even the skin plays a vital role in gas exchange.
Carabelli's cusp is most common among Europeans and rarest in Pacific Islands.
Surrounds the ventral aspect of the pons.
The Latin name is fossae lumbales laterales.
It is one of the sutures that comprises the pterion.
A layer of pavement endothelium, the cells of which are polygonal, oval, or fusiform, and have very distinct round or oval nuclei.
It is conical in shape and is about 2 cm long.
The zygomaticofrontal suture is the cranial suture between the zygomatic bone and the frontal bone.
The greater curvature of the stomach is four or five times as long as the lesser curvature.
It can be divided into anterior and posterior laminae.
In hoofed animals, the eponychium is the deciduous hoof capsule in fetuses and newborn foals, and is a part of the permanent hoof in older animals.
Likewise, the mons pubis often becomes less prominent with the decrease in bodily estrogen experienced during menopause.
Cardiac muscle cells or cardiomyocytes are the muscle cells that make up the cardiac muscle.
Gastrin and secretin may also act as secretagogues.
When the term "tibiofibular articulation" is used without a modifier, it refers to the proximal, and not the distal tibiofibular articulation = Inferior tibiofibular joint.
However, while Bartholin's glands are located in the superficial perineal pouch in females, bulbourethral glands are located in the deep perineal pouch in males.
It is formed between the navicular bone and the three cuneiform bones.
A disorder of platelet function is a thrombocytopathy.
The vein was eponymously named after the 18th century anatomist Jean Baptiste Paulin Trolard.
Once released into the blood and lymph, these antibody molecules bind to the target antigen and initiate its neutralization or destruction.
The tectorial membrane of atlanto-axial joint is situated within the vertebral canal.
It is the layer of dense irregular connective tissue that supports the mucosa and joins it to the muscular layer, the bulk of overlying smooth muscle.
The PCML pathway is composed of rapidly conducting, large, myelinated fibers.
These cells have been reported to express the hematopoietic cell surface markers CD34+, CD45+, as well as collagen.
Hyaline cartilage is glass-like but translucent cartilage.
The seminal vesicles, vesicular glands, or seminal glands, are a pair of simple tubular glands posteroinferior to the urinary bladder of some male mammals.
Multipolar neurons constitute the majority of neurons in the central nervous system.
It will then travel down the esophagus and into the stomach by the action of peristalsis.
The thoracic wall or chest wall is the boundary of the thoracic cavity.
In a healthy heart, the SAN continuously produces action potential, setting the rhythm of the heart and so is known as the heart's natural pacemaker.
It is one of the planes of the body used to describe the location of body parts in relation to each other.
Sarcoplasm is the cytoplasm of a myocyte.
The semicircular canals or semicircular ducts are three semicircular, interconnected tubes located in the innermost part of each ear, the inner ear.
The mammillotegmental fasciculus was first described by the German neuroanatomist, Bernhard von Gudden, from which it takes its alternate name, mammillo-tegmental bundle of Gudden.
Below it, lymphatic drainage is to the superficial inguinal nodes.
This epithelium commences very abruptly at the cardiac orifice, where there is a sudden transition from the stratified epithelium of the esophagus.
It is therefore considered to be part of the "atrial conduction system" of the heart.
The cell was discovered by Robert Hooke in 1665, who named the biological units for their resemblance to cells inhabited by Christian monks in a monastery.
Parathyroid hormone and calcitonin have key roles in regulating the amount of calcium in the blood and within the bones.
The body varies anatomically in known ways.
Cell junctions are well-employed in epithelial tissues.
It supplies the iris, ciliary body and choroid.
Its anterior border attaches to the posterior edge of the buccinator.
The middle three regions, from left to right, are the left lumbar, umbilical, and right lumbar regions.
Another similar adaptation in the fetus is the ductus venosus.
The Latin, tunica muscularis, may also be used.
Elastic arteries receive their own blood supply by the vasa vasorum unlike smaller blood vessels, which are supplied by diffusion
Ions such as sodium, chloride, potassium, and calcium are easily filtered, as is glucose.
They are located in the premaxilla above and on the mandible below.
The renal medulla is hypertonic to the filtrate in the nephron and aids in the reabsorption of water.
It is located posterior to the groove for the superior petrosal sinus and posterolateral to the jugular foramen.
On radiographic images, the otic capsule is the most dense portion of the temporal bone.
Every year prior to the rainy season in the country, various health warnings are given to remind citizens of the condition.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 9.
Poor pneumatization is associated with eustachian tube dysfunction.
In humans, it is located in the abdominal cavity behind the stomach.
95% of absorption of nutrients occurs in the small intestine.
The tumor appears to be derived from the specialized ependymal cells of the subcommissural organ.
The mesometrium is the mesentery of the uterus.
Some synaptic junctions appear partway along an axon as it extends—these are called en passant synapses.
Fluids from blood in the glomerulus are collected in the Bowman's capsule and further processed along the nephron to form urine.
This transport includes RNA and ribosomal proteins moving from nucleus to the cytoplasm and proteins, carbohydrates, signaling molecules and lipids moving into the nucleus.
The appendix of the epididymis is a small stalked appendage on the head of the epididymis.
The articulations between the bones of the shoulder make up the shoulder joints.
There are different types with different functions.
These granules consist of several anti-microbial compounds and other compounds that are known to be important in immunity and host-defense.
It removes old red blood cells and holds a reserve of blood, which can be valuable in case of hemorrhagic shock, and also recycles iron.
An analogous region for the upper limbs exists at the cervical enlargement.
The kidneys regulate the balance of ions known as electrolytes in the blood, along with maintaining acid base homeostasis.
It is situated ventral to the lateral spinothalamic fasciculus, but its fibers are more or less intermingled with it.
Its posterior margin is connected with the perpendicular plate of the ethmoid; its inferior margin with the vomer and the palatine processes of the maxillae.
The roots of the word hypogastrium mean "below the stomach"; the roots of suprapubic mean "above the pubic bone".
In simple terms, the upper and lowermost layer of cells are columnar in shape.
Fenestration and discontinuity of the endothelium, as well as its basement membrane, facilitates this transport.
From the larynx, air moves into the trachea and down to the intersection that branches to form the right and left primary bronchi.
Instead, the teeth that precede the permanent mandibular premolars are the deciduous mandibular molars.
These eggs are developed only once every menstrual cycle.
In adult organisms, stem cells and progenitor cells act as a repair system for the body, replenishing adult tissues.
Papillary tumors of the pineal region were first described by A. Jouvet et al.
At the opposite basilar pole, the outer hair cells are firmly held by the phalangeal cells.
A coronal plane is any vertical plane that divides the body into ventral and dorsal sections.
The spinal cord extends down to between the first and second lumbar vertebrae where it ends.
The medial arcuate ligament is a tendinous fascia that arches over the psoas major muscle as it passes through the diaphragm.
It runs from the tuberosity of the calcaneus forward to the heads of the metatarsal bones.
Mammals get their name from the Latin word mamma, "breast".
Depending on the tissue, processes may also be called by other terms, such as apophysis, tubercle, or protuberance.
They secrete testis-determining factor, a binding protein which increases the concentration of testosterone inside the seminiferous tubules.
The femoral canal is conical and measures about 1.25 cm.
Beyond increasing inflammation and stimulating the immune system, macrophages also play an important anti-inflammatory role and can decrease immune reactions through the release of cytokines.
The collecting duct system participates in electrolyte and fluid balance through reabsorption and excretion, processes regulated by the hormones aldosterone and vasopressin.
An increase in the number of leukocytes over the upper limits is called leukocytosis.
Skeletal muscle fibers help support and move the body and tend to have peripheral nuclei.
Sometimes referred to as the costal arch, the costal margin is the medial margin formed by the seventh to tenth ribs.
two lateral umbilical folds on the inferior epigastric vessels
The superficial plexus is placed beneath the pulmonary pleura.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 1.
It acts as a cushion or buffer for the brain, providing basic mechanical and immunological protection to the brain inside the skull.
However, increasing evidence is starting to favor the treatment of incompetent perforator veins by minimally invasive techniques such as TRLOP.
The ligamentum venosum is the fibrous remnant of the ductus venosus of the fetal circulation.
Normally, the Eustachian tube is collapsed, but it gapes open both with swallowing and with positive pressure.
In a deep wrist laceration, such as from a suicide attempt, the median artery may be incised, risking exsanguination.
It connects the pelvis to the thigh.
It is thin at the cardiac extremity, but thicker toward the pylorus.
The posterior triangle is a region of the neck.
Its upper surface is concavo-convex from before backward, to accommodate itself to the form of the mandibular fossa and the articular tubercle.
These enzymes help to further break down the carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids in the chyme.
Its circumference is connected to the articular capsule; and in front to the tendon of the Pterygoideus externus.
This particular cistern lies in front of the lamina terminalis and anterior commissure between the two frontal lobes of the cerebrum.
A nuclear chain fiber is a specialized sensory organ contained within a muscle.
This structure serves to support capillary blood vessels, arranged so as to form a network of elongated meshes.
There are two groups of muscles of the tongue.
They convey length information to the central nervous system via sensory neurons.
The upper motor neuron descends in the spinal cord to the level of the appropriate spinal nerve root.
It presents as a reddening of the eye due to the infection of the conjunctiva.
The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
The cremasteric fascia is a fascia in the scrotum.
A missing papilla is often visible as a small triangular gap between adjacent teeth.
At this point, the fats are in the bloodstream in the form of chylomicrons.
The diameter of the fibrils is remarkably uniform and varies from species to species.
Its embryologic origin is contested, but recent evidence suggests it and the navicular fossa derive from infiltrating endodermal cells of the urethral plate.
The veinous drainage of CIA is : 4 vortex veins that drain into the ophthalmic vein.
In chiropractic, vertebral subluxation is a supposed misalignment of the spinal column leading to a set of signs and symptoms sometimes termed vertebral subluxation complex.
The height of contour on the buccal is in the gingival third and the occlusal two thirds of the surface is flat.
It occurs at the meeting point of the talus and the calcaneus.
A spermatozoon is a motile sperm cell, or moving form of the haploid cell that is the male gamete.
The vermilion border is important in dentistry and oral pathology as a marker to detect disease, such as in actinic cheilitis.
They vary in size with diameters from 20 to more than 100μm, and tend to grow larger with age.
It is located on the back of the forearm, just proximal to the hand.
It is smaller than an interlobar duct.
The dorsal root transmits sensory information, forming the afferent sensory root of a spinal nerve.
Contrary to other synovial joints the moment is very limited and is usually only of springy character.
This preperitoneal space communicates with prevesical space of Retzius.
They receive renal filtrate from several medullary collecting ducts and empty into a minor calyx.
Digestion is helped by the mastication of food by the teeth and also by the muscular actions of peristalsis and segmentation contractions.
The name cleft of Venus is a reference to the Roman goddess of love, Venus.
The adjective cutaneous means "of the skin".
The Bartholin's glands are two pea sized compound racemose glands located slightly posterior and to the left and right of the opening of the vagina.
A muscle fiber from a biceps muscle may contain 100,000 sarcomeres.
It is also a center for coordinating many reflexes and contains reflex arcs that can independently control reflexes and central pattern generators.
One is situated near the commencement of the rectum, on the right side.
The parahippocampal gyrus is a grey matter cortical region of the brain that surrounds the hippocampus and is part of the limbic system.
This tract also contributes to the make-up of the medial longitudinal fasciculus.
During oogenesis, the oogonia become primary oocytes.
The glands of Zeis are named after German ophthalmologist Eduard Zeis.
The zonule of Zinn is a ring of fibrous strands forming a zonule that connects the ciliary body with the crystalline lens of the eye.
In the universal system of notation, the permanent maxillary second molars are designated by a number.
The pulmonary pleurae are the two pleurae of the invaginated sac surrounding each lung and attaching to the thoracic cavity.
The bicipital aponeurosis originates from the distal insertion of the biceps brachii.
In humans, it is located in the abdominal cavity behind the stomach.
Adipocytes, also known as lipocytes and fat cells, are the cells that primarily compose adipose tissue, specialized in storing energy as fat.
Eye color is defined by that of the iris.
The chondrogenic layer remains undifferentiated and can form chondroblasts or chondrocytes.
The perineal membrane is an anatomical term for a fibrous membrane in the perineum.
Therefore, it is one of the features of the sarcolemma which helps to couple the sarcomere to the extracellular connective tissue as some experiments have shown.
The anterior lamellæ interweave more than posterior lamellæ.
The word ampulla is from Latin for flask.
Amphibians and fish are excluded from the amniota.
The fibrous envelope of the corpus cavernosum urethrae is thinner, whiter in color, and more elastic than that of the corpora cavernosa penis.
In certain regions of the skull this becomes absorbed so as to leave spaces filled with liquid between the two tables.
The hiatus semilunaris is a crescent-shaped groove in the lateral wall of the nasal cavity just inferior to the ethmoidal bulla.
The fibrils in the lamellae are directly continuous with those of the sclera, in which they are grouped together in fibre bundles.
Hepatocytes are separated from the sinusoids by the space of Disse.
It is located below the thoracic cavity, and above the pelvic cavity.
Sinusoids are actually classified as a type of open pore capillary as opposed to continuous and fenestrated types.
The plantar fascia is the thick connective tissue which supports the arch on the bottom of the foot.
It is composed primarily of fast-conducting, sparsely myelinated A delta fibers and slow-conducting, unmyelinated C fibers.
In the universal system of notation, the deciduous mandibular second molars are designated by a letter written in uppercase.
The function of this premolar is assist the mandibular first molar during mastication, commonly known as chewing.
Fascia is consequently flexible and able to resist great unidirectional tension forces until the wavy pattern of fibers has been straightened out by the pulling force.
The root of the right lung lies behind the superior vena cava and part of the right atrium, and below the azygos vein.
The sheaths lining these compartments extends from above the dorsal carpal ligament.
The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense of hearing.
In undamaged muscle, the majority of satellite cells are quiescent; they neither differentiate nor undergo cell division.
There are several components of the collecting duct system, including the connecting tubules, cortical collecting ducts, and medullary collecting ducts.
Lymph returns proteins and excess interstitial fluid to the bloodstream.
The cells of this type of tissue are generally separated by quite some distance by a gelatinous substance primarily made up of collagenous and elastic fibers.
It is a process of the dorsal body cavity.
Cervical cytology tests can often detect cervical cancer and its precursors, and enable early successful treatment.
Aniridia, a developmental anomaly of the iris, disrupts the normal barrier of the cornea to the conjunctival epithelial cells at the limbus.
The bone cells develop new bone tissue and continual bone remodeling – maintaining the bones and the regulation of minerals in the body.
Its function is to transmit sound from the air to the ossicles inside the middle ear, and then to the oval window in the fluid-filled cochlea.
Joining of ribs to the vertebrae occurs at two places, the head and the tubercle of the rib.
Dentin rates approximately 3 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness.
Some ophthalmologists specialize in the treatment and management of posterior segment disorders and diseases.
The hormone leptin is primarily manufactured in the adipocytes of white adipose tissue, which also produces another hormone, asprosin.
They have no striations in middle region and swell to enclose nuclei, hence their name.
The submandibular space is a fascial space of the head and neck.
The anterior median fissure provides a groove in which the anterior spinal artery sits.
The four intrinsic muscles alter the shape of the tongue and are not attached to bone.
The active zone or synaptic active zone is a term first used by Couteaux and Pecot-Dechavassinein in 1970 to define the site of neurotransmitter release.
Chyle is a milky bodily fluid consisting of lymph and emulsified fats, or free fatty acids.
The brain is protected by the skull, suspended in cerebrospinal fluid, and isolated from the bloodstream by the blood–brain barrier.
A reticular cell is a type of fibroblast that synthesizes collagen alpha-1(III) and uses it to produce reticular fibers.
The glands of Moll are named after Dutch oculist Jacob Anton Moll.
The mandibular second premolar is the tooth located distally from both the mandibular first premolars of the mouth but mesial from both mandibular first molars.
Most interneurons are found in the grey column, a region of grey matter in the spinal cord.
Despite being named molars, the deciduous molars are followed by permanent premolars.
They include allergies, bacterial infection, viral infection etc.
These diseases can be difficult to diagnose due to the close relation of the musculoskeletal system to other internal systems.
It comprises a head, neck, trunk, arms and hands, legs and feet.
Nails are similar to claws in other animals.
The pterion is the region where the frontal, parietal, temporal, and sphenoid join together.
The ischioanal fossa is the fat-filled space located lateral to the anal canal and inferior to the pelvic diaphragm.
It encloses the thigh muscles and forms the outer limit of the fascial compartments of thigh, which are internally separated by intermuscular septa.
The deep cervical fascia of the neck includes four parts:
In the fat are a few scattered fibrous bundles, which pass from the deep surface of the transverse band to the upper part of the fossa.
Some types of neurons have no axon and transmit signals from their dendrites.
There are two types of cells that originate from the neural crest and are related to the sympathetic nervous system:
Widening and distortion of the carina is a serious sign because it usually indicates carcinoma of the lymph nodes around the region where the trachea divides.
Molecules which give a sensation of taste are considered "sapid".
They produce testosterone in the presence of luteinizing hormone.
The costoclavicular ligament is the main limitation to movement, and therefore the main stabilizer of the joint.
Systemic disease, such as syphilis, may affect the appearance of teeth.
It is located between the first and third digits, between the thumb and the middle finger.
The angle of the mandible is located at the posterior border at the junction of the lower border of the ramus of the mandible.
The BBB prevents most infections from reaching the vulnerable nervous tissue.
A common surgical procedure to repair a torn nerve via the epineurium is termed an epineurial repair.
The crura flank the urethra, urethral sponge, and vagina and extend back toward the pubis.
Striated or skeletal muscle only contracts voluntarily, upon influence of the central nervous system.
The clitoral crura are two erectile tissue structures, which together form a V-shape.
Unlike the median and medial umbilical folds, the contents of the lateral umbilical fold remain functional after birth.
White blood cells help to resist infections and parasites.
It is usually conjoint with the tendon of the abdominal internal oblique muscle, but they may be separate as well.
The afferent pathway resembles a spring wrapping around the nuclear chain fiber and connecting to one of its ends away from the bone.
The duodenum precedes the jejunum and ileum and is the shortest part of the small intestine, where most chemical digestion takes place.
Hair production occurs in phases, including growth, cessation, and rest phases.
This membrane is in relation in front with the rectus capitis anterior muscles, behind with the alar ligaments.
It is closed by the lateral cricoarytenoid muscles and the arytenoid muscle.
The ligament of apex dentis is a ligament that spans between the second cervical vertebra in the neck and the skull.
In this clogged state, the duct is especially vulnerable to an infection called ascending cholangitis.
However, in most depictions of the nephron, it is a juxtamedullary nephron which is depicted.
The second part of the uterine tube is the infundibulum.
This sac also divides each lung into sections called lobes.
The lingual height of contour is in the middle third of the tooth.
The navicular bone is connected with the cuboid bone by the dorsal, plantar, and interosseous cuboideonavicular ligaments.
They are found within the subarachnoid space where cerebrospinal fluid is also found.
There are many eye conditions that affect its citizens.
"distal interphalangeal joints", those between the second and third phalanges
The pelvic inlet is typically used to divide the abdominopelvic cavity into an abdominal and a pelvic cavity.
Peduncular segments of the superior cerebellar arteries.
Medical terms related to the cornea often start with the prefix "kerat-" from the Greek word κέρας, horn.
In 2016 scientists at Nanjing Medical University claimed they had produced cells resembling mouse spermatids artificially from stem cells.
Venules, a blood vessel that allows deoxygenated blood to return from the capillary beds to the larger blood vessels called veins
Each kidney consists of millions of functional units called nephrons.
It consists of loose fatty or glandular tissues ; with blood vessels & nerve fibres that supply the mucosa.
A myelocyte is a young cell of the granulocytic series, occurring normally in bone marrow.
Apoptosis is a process of programmed cell death that occurs in multicellular organisms.
The internal orifice of the uterus is an interior narrowing of the uterine cavity.
Crus is a Latin word that means "leg".
The glans of the human clitoris is roughly the size and shape of a pea, and is estimated to have more than 8,000 sensory nerve endings.
It has been proposed for reclassification as an organ due to research at the University of Limerick in the 2010s.
Semen is made alkaline overall with the secretions from the other contributing glands, including, at least, the seminal vesicle fluid.
Like mature red blood cells, in mammals reticulocytes do not have a cell nucleus.
The clinical macula is seen when viewed from the pupil, as in ophthalmoscopy or retinal photography.
The lungs are the primary organs of respiration in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
The peritoneal or abdominal cavity is located anterior to the duodenum.
The nasal cartilages are structures in the nose that provide form and support.
It is also hypothesized that the G-spot is an extension of the clitoris and that this is the cause of orgasms experienced vaginally.
In human anatomy, respiratory bronchioles exist proximal to the alveolar ducts.
Neuroscience is the field of science that focuses on the study of the nervous system.
During pregnancy, the glands and blood vessels in the endometrium further increase in size and number.
Extensor digitorum brevis manus is an extra or accessory muscle on the backside of the hand.
Most mammals and reptiles have a main olfactory system and an accessory olfactory system.
It provides support and nutrition to the epithelium, as well as the means to bind to the underlying tissue.
The tubules divide into two or three alveolar sacs at the distal end.
It also contains mechanoreceptors that provide the sense of touch and thermoreceptors that provide the sense of heat.
It has changed from a primary follicle to a secondary follicle.
Though relatively the same, there are some minor differences between the deciduous maxillary canine and that of the permanent maxillary canine.
They are the largest of the salivary glands.
The word flagellum in Latin means whip.
It is a tight area that tends to have a higher percentage of cilia than the surrounding mucosa.
There are three neurons involved in the pathway: first-order neurons, second-order neurons, and third-order neurons.
costal cartilages of ribs 7 through 10 anteriorly,
The vestibular duct or scala vestibuli is a perilymph-filled cavity inside the cochlea of the inner ear that conducts sound vibrations to the cochlear duct.
The face is a central body region of sense and is also very central in the expression of emotion among humans and among numerous other species.
The surgical removal of the gallbladder is called a cholecystectomy.
The telogen phase for body hair lasts close to a year.
The corpus spongiosum is the mass of spongy tissue surrounding the male urethra within the penis.
A bipolar neuron or bipolar cell, is a type of neuron which has two extensions.
The male reproductive system consists of a number of sex organs that play a role in the process of human reproduction.
The infrapatellar fat pad is a cylindrical piece of fat that is situated under and behind the patella bone within the knee.
It is a cephalometric landmark that is just inferior to the glabella.
The pudendal canal is an anatomical structure in the pelvis through which the internal pudendal artery, internal pudendal veins, and the pudendal nerve pass.
A second tube, the ductulus aberrans superior, occurs in the head of the epididymis; it is connected with the rete testis.
Interventions for neurological disorders include preventative measures, lifestyle changes, physiotherapy or other therapy, neurorehabilitation, pain management, medication, or operations performed by neurosurgeons.
It works in conjunction with the parietal cell, which releases gastric acid, converting the pepsinogen into pepsin.
The cervical spinal nerve 3 is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment.
The vertebral column, also known as the backbone or spine, is part of the axial skeleton.
These indentations are created by a short ligament stretching between the posterior superior iliac spine and the skin.
In 1937 a study found that 61% of the cases of cavernous sinus thrombosis were the result of furuncles on the upper part of the face.
This also contains the lingula, a triangular piece of bone that overlies the mandibular foramen antero-medially.
In an adult, the metaphysis functions to transfer loads from weight-bearing joint surfaces to the diaphysis.
In severe cases, the bursa is distended by synovial debris and can cause compression of the posterior interosseous nerve.
Stroma is the part of a tissue or organ that has a connective and structural role.
The bicipitoradial bursa is one of the two bursae in the cubital fossa, the other being the interosseous bursa.
Muscle spindles are found within the belly of muscles, embedded in extrafusal muscle fibers.
The space is medially bounded by the pisiform and pisohamate ligament more proximally, and laterally bounded by the hook of the hamate more distally.
The molars or molar teeth are large, flat teeth at the back of the mouth.
Birds have only one functional ovary, while the other remains vestigial.
The biomechanical function of each pair of facet joints is to guide and limit movement of the spinal motion segment.
They constitute an enteric endocrine system as a subset of the endocrine system just as the enteric nervous system is a subset of the nervous system.
The atrioventricular node is a part of the electrical conduction system of the heart that coordinates the top of the heart.
Research in use of nerve grafts and nerve growth factors is being done to speed recovery time.
There are three distal prolongations of the midcarpal joint cavity between the four bones of the distal row.
They appear as the follicles become secondary follicles.
Commonly the right atrium and ventricle are referred together as the right heart and their left counterparts as the left heart.
Seen in rodents, group C3 is not detectable in most other species, including primates.
At least two parts have been identified anatomically.
The female reproductive system is made up of the internal and external sex organs that function in human reproduction.
In the antral follicle, it may be regarded as an extension of the membrana granulosa.
Glia were discovered in 1856, by the pathologist Rudolf Virchow in his search for a "connective tissue" in the brain.
The uterus or womb accommodates the embryo which develops into the fetus.
Their axons cross in the anterior white commissure.
Along with mast cells and basophils, they also control mechanisms associated with allergy and asthma.
These structures include the vasa rectae, the venulae rectae, the medullary capillary plexus, the loop of Henle, and the collecting tubule.
They were described by Giovanni Battista Morgagni and are remnants of the cranial part of the mesonephric duct.
They can be spherical or ovoid and their epithelial cells contain keratohyalin and bundles of cytoplasmic fibres.
The middle ear is the portion of the ear internal to the eardrum, and external to the oval window of the inner ear.
The extensor tendons are held in place by the extensor retinaculum.
The theca are divided into two layers, the theca interna and the theca externa.
Examination showed that the serous cells and mucosal cells were aligned in the acinus.
However, this 1% of the blood makes a large difference to health, because immunity depends on it.
All except the filiform papillae are associated with taste buds.
The growth of androgenic hair is related to the level of androgens in the individual.
Diastemata are common for children and can exist in adult teeth as well.
The vagovagal reflex controls contraction of the gastrointestinal muscle layers in response to distension of the tract by food.
It is much more frequently fractured than the anatomical neck of the humerus.
The buccal space is part of the subcutaneous space, which is continuous from head to toe.
This space is covered by the integument, the superficial and deep fasciæ and the platysma, and crossed by the supraclavicular nerves.
In some animals, especially snakes, ribs may provide support and protection for the entire body.
Behind the fold is the inferior ileocecal fossa.
The pancreas  is a glandular organ in the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
An intralobular duct is the portion of an exocrine gland inside a lobule, leading directly from acinus to interlobular duct.
The mandibular central incisors are the only other type of teeth to do so.
The costal cartilages are bars of hyaline cartilage that serve to prolong the ribs forward and contribute to the elasticity of the walls of the thorax.
Although the ANS is also known as the visceral nervous system, the ANS is only connected with the motor side.
It affords attachment by its deep surface to the superficial fibers of the Temporalis.
This replacement is known as epiphyseal closure.
The lymph is formed when the interstitial fluid is collected through lymph capillaries.
A fibrous band, Struthers ligament, may connect this process to the medial epicondyle.
It is also called Scarpa's fluid, after Antonio Scarpa.
These demilune cells secrete the proteins that contain the enzyme lysozyme, which degrades the cell walls of bacteria.
This product can then regulate the translation of the main coding sequence of the mRNA.
Another definition of axial skeleton is the bones including the vertebrae, sacrum, coccyx, ribs, and sternum.
The tongue also serves as a natural means of cleaning the teeth.
The external orifice of the uterus is a small, depressed, somewhat circular opening on the rounded extremity of the cervix, opening to the vagina.
Parasympathetic innervation to the ascending colon is supplied by the vagus nerve.
The VNO is the first stage of the accessory olfactory system and contains sensory neurons that detect chemical stimuli.
Antidiuretic hormone and oxytocin are both stored in Herring bodies, but are not stored simultaneously in the same Herring body.
It consists of approximately 5% elastin, an extensible tissue that is primarily made up of the amino acids glycine, valine, alanine, and proline.
There are about 50,000 species of animals that have a vertebral column.
The pelvic cavity primarily contains reproductive organs, the urinary bladder, the pelvic colon, and the rectum.
By containing this fluid the pia mater works with the other meningeal layers to protect and cushion the brain.
Follicular cells are cells in the thyroid gland that are responsible for the production and secretion of thyroid hormones thyroxine and triiodothyronine.
This ligament projects below the margin of the bones, and forms part of the articulating surface for the talus.
The epineurium is the outermost layer of dense irregular connective tissue surrounding a peripheral nerve.
The peritoneum  is the serous membrane that forms the lining of the abdominal cavity or coelom in amniotes and some invertebrates, such as annelids.
In vertebrates the gallbladder is a small organ where bile is stored and concentrated before it is released into the small intestine.
This is why it is also classified as the intermediate group.
It is composed of short connective-tissue fibers with fusiform cells between them.
The size and shape of the bones making up this structure are responsible for the size and shape of a person's chin.
Others are located on the roof, sides and back of the mouth, and in the throat.
It is the lowest and most posterior of the large apertures.
The piriformis muscle passes through the foramen and occupies most of its volume.
Each kidney feeds urine into the bladder by means of a tube known as the ureter.
The episclera is the outermost layer of the sclera.
Adipose tissue, which requires extraction by liposuction.
This bone is very thick and strong, and forms a ball and socket joint at the hip, and a modified hinge joint at the knee.
In the digestive system the stomach is involved in the second phase of digestion, following mastication.
At the angles of the mouth, there are sebaceous glands, without hair follicles, which are called Fordyce's spots.
Desmosomes are also found in muscle tissue where they bind muscle cells to one another, such as epidermis.
The cells that constitute cardiac muscle, called cardiomyocytes or myocardiocytes, predominantly contain only one nucleus, although populations with two to four nuclei do exist.
The Palmer notation uses a number in conjunction with a symbol designating in which quadrant the tooth is found.
The endomysium, meaning within the muscle, is a wispy layer of areolar connective tissue that ensheaths each individual myocyte.
Loose connective tissue is a category of connective tissue which includes areolar tissue, reticular tissue, and adipose tissue.
The carotid plexus is a network of intersecting sympathetic nerves which run parallel to the carotid artery into the head.
The cells produce pro-opiomelanocortin which undergoes cleavage to ACTH and β-lipotropin.
The papillary muscles are muscles located in the ventricles of the heart.
The ear canal, is a tube running from the outer ear to the middle ear.
Canthus is either corner of the eye where the upper and lower eyelids meet.
The lateral arcuate ligament is a ligament under the diaphragm that arches across the upper part of the quadratus lumborum muscle.
A lateral cutting of the spinal cord results in the transection of both ipsilateral posterior column and lateral funiculus and this produces Brown-Séquard syndrome.
The bundle branches, or Tawara branches, are offshoots of the bundle of His in the heart's ventricle.
Muscles are composed of tubular cells called myocytes, known as muscle fibers in striated muscle, and these cells in turn contain many chains of myofibrils.
Body hair, or androgenic hair, is the terminal hair that develops on the human body during and after puberty.
Endolymph is the fluid contained in the membranous labyrinth of the inner ear.
This is possible because of venous communication between the facial vein and the cavernous sinus.
Platelets are important in the clotting of blood.
Serosa is entirely different from the adventitia, a connective tissue layer which binds together structures rather than reducing friction between them.
For example, intrathecal immunoglobulin production is production of antibodies in the spinal cord.
Modified osteoblasts become the lining cells that form a protective layer on the bone surface.
It is situated between the Bruch's membrane, choriocapillaris and Haller's layer below, and the suprachoroidea above, respectively.
The perineurium is composed of connective tissue, which has a distinctly lamellar arrangement consisting of roughly seven to eight concentric layers.
It also plays a role in metabolism, regulation of glycogen storage, decomposition of red blood cells and hormone production.
It is perceived that oxyphil cells may be derived from chief cells at puberty, as they are not present at birth like chief cells.
It is named after the sixteenth-century anatomist Bartolomeo Eustachi.
A tracheotomy is often performed for ventilation in surgical operations where needed.
They may also secrete androgens, causing hyperandrogenism.
Bone marrow, which requires extraction by harvesting, that is, drilling into bone.
In the skull the joints between the bones are called sutures.
The anterior nasal spine is the thin projection of bone at the midline on the lower nasal margin, holding the cartilaginous center of the nose.
The narrow, central cervical canal runs along its entire length, connecting the uterine cavity and the lumen of the vagina.
The term "cuneocuboid joint" is sometimes used to describe the joint between the cuboid and lateral cuneiform, but this term is not recognized by Terminologia Anatomica.
The folds on the two walls are not exactly opposed, but fit between one another so as to close the cervical canal.
The boundary of the abdominal cavity is the abdominal wall in the front and the peritoneal surface at the rear.
Also, the sinus that forms in the pericardial cavity where the dorso-mesentary pericardium reside.
It is a feature of the amniotes, or amniota, which includes the vertebrate groups reptiles, birds, and mammals.
Sympathetic ganglia are the tissue from which neuroblastoma tumours arise.
Vulvovaginal health measures can prevent many of these.
Cranially it lies ventral to the umbilical vein and on each side extends into the tissue of the lateral pillars of the cord bounding the coelom.
The majority of the remaining tissue is collagen, which is made up of lysine, proline, glycine, alanine, and other amino acids.
It may also be referred to as the third finger, excluding the thumb.
Meibum prevents tear spillage onto the cheek, trapping tears between the oiled edge and the eyeball, and makes the closed lids airtight.
It is composed of two portions separated by an articular disc of fibrocartilage.
Eukaryotic cilia are structurally identical to eukaryotic flagella, although distinctions are sometimes made according to function and/or length.
Among humans, taste perception begins to fade around 50 years of age because of loss of tongue papillae and a general decrease in saliva production.
It is responsible for gut movement such as peristalsis.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 12.
Rarely, there are 2 or 3 of these bones.
The medial palpebral ligament is about 4 mm in length and 2 mm in breadth.
Hassall's corpuscles) are structures found in the medulla of the human thymus, formed from eosinophilic type VI epithelial reticular cells arranged concentrically.
The costamere is a structural-functional component of striated muscle cells which connects the sarcomere of the muscle to the cell membrane.
Each oligodendrocyte forms one segment of myelin for several adjacent axons.
In humans these sensory structures are part of the facial skeleton.
Skin is the soft outer tissue covering vertebrates.
The vestibule is a region of the inner ear which contains the saccule and the utricle, each of which contain a macula to detect linear acceleration.
Chondroblasts are called Chondrocytes when they embed themselves in the cartilage matrix, consisting of proteoglycan and collagen fibers, until they lie in the matrix lacunae.
Their apocrine glands, like those in humans, produce an odorless, oily, opaque secretion that gains its characteristic odor upon bacterial decomposition.
About half of the nucleoporins typically contain solenoid protein domains—either an alpha solenoid or a beta-propeller fold, or in some cases both as separate structural domains.
The vertebral column houses the spinal canal, a cavity that encloses and protects the spinal cord.
Although rarely mentioned, this ligament is also found in females.
The thoracic spinal nerve 7 is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
The membranous portion of the urethra is completely surrounded by the fibers of the Sphincter urethrae membranaceae.
The advent of breathing and the severance of the umbilical cord prompt various neuroendocrine changes that shortly transform fetal circulation into postnatal circulation.
The right lung has three lobes and the left has two.
Part of the intestine can sometimes pass through the femoral ring into the femoral canal causing a femoral hernia.
The lingual tonsils are two small mounds of lymphatic tissue located at the back of the base of the tongue, one on either side.
The investing portion of the fascia is attached behind to the ligamentum nuchæ and to the spinous process of the seventh cervical vertebra.
Sexual differentiation is the process of development of the differences between males and females from an undifferentiated zygote.
The sinuses are named for the facial bones in which they are located.
It does not completely encircle the larynx; only the cricoid cartilage does.
The tactile corpuscles of Grandry occur in the papillæ of the beak and tongue of birds.
The international notation has a different system of notation.
In the Palmer notation, a number is used in conjunction with a symbol designating in which quadrant the tooth is found.
Germinal epithelium is also known as the wall of the seminiferous tubule within the testes.
The axilla is the area on the human body directly under the joint where the arm connects to the shoulder.
The thoracic spinal nerve 1 is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
These corneocytes are embedded in a lipid matrix composed of ceramides, cholesterol, and fatty acids.
The retropubic space is preperitoneal space, behind the transversalis fascia and in front of peritoneum.
The term "vermiform" comes from Latin and means "worm-shaped".
This bends the stereocilia, which is interpreted by the brain as vertical linear acceleration.
"Fusus" is the Latin word for spindle.
It is to the vestibular ligaments what the rima glottidis is to the vocal ligaments - the space formed when the folds are separated.
It contains mostly myofibrils, but its contents are otherwise comparable to those of the cytoplasm of other cells.
The right permanent mandibular first molar is known as "30", and the left one is known as "19".
The four valves commonly represented in a mammalian heart determine the pathway of blood flow through the heart.
In the parathyroid gland, the parathyroid oxyphil cell is larger and lighter staining than the parathyroid chief cell.
The plant ECM includes cell wall components, like cellulose, in addition to more complex signaling molecules.
Most of the digestion of food takes place in the small intestine.
Gartner's duct is a potential embryological remnant in human female development of the mesonephric duct in the development of the urinary and reproductive organs.
The lesser wings of the sphenoid separate the anterior and middle fossae.
CFU-GEMM is a colony forming unit that generates myeloid cells.
The sagittal suture is also known as the interparietal suture, the sutura interparietalis.
In mammals, the meninges are the dura mater, the arachnoid mater, and the pia mater.
Prolactin has numerous other effects in both sexes.
The stria vascularis also contains pericyte, melanocyte, and endothelial cells.
However, the medullary cavity is the area inside any bone that holds the bone marrow.
The secondary nerve association involves an efferent and afferent pathway that measure the stress and strain placed on the muscle.
It is yet unknown whether this corresponds to an actual plug or is merely cargo caught in transit.
The inner membrane is called the visceral pleura while the outer membrane is called the parietal pleura.
Production is stimulated by granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
As such, between the two layers of the coronary ligament lies the bare area of the liver, and is attached to the diaphragm by areolar tissue.
An A delta fiber, alpha delta fiber, or Aδ fiber is a type of sensory nerve fiber.
There are great differences between the deciduous maxillary molars and those of the permanent maxillary molars, even though their function are similar.
They ensure homeostasis and the viability of the human body.
Via small openings in the tongue epithelium, called taste pores, parts of the food dissolved in saliva come into contact with the taste receptors.
The plica semilunaris is the thin upper part of the fold of mucous membrane in the supratonsillar fossa that reaches across between the two arches.
It is the common origin of the four rectus muscles.
"Areola" is the diminutive of Latin area, "open place".
Lastly the caudal region aids in sympathetic nervous system regulation, and is regarded as the rage center.
The tela subserosa is a thin layer of tissue in the walls of various organs.
It usually surrounds multiple nerve fascicles as well as blood vessels which supply the nerve.
Albumin is the main protein in plasma, and it functions to regulate the colloidal osmotic pressure of blood.
They form excitatory synapses onto the dendrites of Purkinje cells and the dendrites of the inhibitory interneurons basket cells and stellate cells of the molecular layer.
The colour difference arises mainly from the whiteness of myelin.
The thoracic spinal nerve 4 is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
Where the connecting medium is hyaline cartilage, a cartilaginous joint is termed a synchondrosis.
Bronchiolar cells gradually increase in number as the number of goblet cells decrease.
Between the epiphysis and diaphysis lies the metaphysis, including the epiphyseal plate.
Fibers from supraoptic nuclei are concerned with ADH secretion; paraventricular nuclei with oxytocin.
The external orifice of the uterus is a small, depressed, somewhat circular opening on the rounded extremity of the cervix, opening to the vagina.
It partially or completely wraps around the biceps tendon.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 3.
The diaphysis is the main or midsection of a long bone.
The gastric folds may be seen during esophagogastroduodenoscopy or in radiological studies.
Activated satellite cells initially proliferate as skeletal myoblasts before undergoing myogenic differentiation.
The presacral fascia or Waldeyer's fascia, lines the anterior aspect of the sacrum, enclosing the sacral vessels and nerves.
In many cultures, they play a role in sexual attraction.
The foreskin can generally be retracted over and past the glans, and may automatically retract during an erection.
Vertebrate blood is bright red when its hemoglobin is oxygenated and dark red when it is deoxygenated.
Pericytes stabilize and monitor the maturation of endothelial cells by means of direct communication between the cell membrane as well as through paracrine signaling.
The surface area of the tooth used in eating is called an incisal ridge or incisal edge.
These cells can migrate to wound sites, suggesting a role in wound healing.
Contrary to other synovial joints the movement is very limited.
The perianal area is a subset of the perineal area.
Muscle fibres are cylindrical, and have more than one nucleus.
White pulp is a histological region of the spleen.
Ciliogenesis may also play a role in the development of left/right handedness in humans.
By age thirty-five, the suture is completely closed.
Fibroblasts are activated connective tissue cells characterized by synthesis of proteins of the fibrous matrix, particularly the collagens.
Smaller branches of these blood vessels penetrate into the perineurium.
It is formed by the vertebral column, ribs, and sternum and encloses the heart and lungs.
Following parturition, the orifice takes on an appearance more like a transverse slit or is "H-shaped".
Intubation is also carried out for the same reason by the inserting of a tube into the trachea.
Sperm cells were first observed by Anton van Leeuwenhoek in 1677.
Gastric juice mainly contains hydrochloric acid and pepsin.
The soft palate is distinguished from the hard palate at the front of the mouth in that it does not contain bone.
This highly varied strip of epithelial cells allows for transduction of auditory signals into nerve impulses' action potential.
Nucleus proprius can be found in the gray matter in all levels of the spinal cord.
The central canal is continuous with the ventricular system of the brain.
These are cavities hollowed out of the substance of the bone, and lined by periosteum.
Peritoneal recesses are the spaces formed by peritoneum draping over viscera.
Of all stem cell types, autologous harvesting involves the least risk.
These cells may secrete glycosaminoglycans to protect the bronchiole lining.
The meninges, from Ancient Greek: μῆνιγξ mēninx "membrane", adjectival: meningeal ) are the three membranes that envelop the brain and spinal cord.
A deficiency of pericytes in the central nervous system can cause the blood–brain barrier to break down.
At the same time protein digestion is occurring, mechanical mixing occurs by peristalsis, which is waves of muscular contractions that move along the stomach wall.
As a result of meiosis, each spermatid contains only half of the genetic material present in the original primary spermatocyte.
In males the urethra travels through the penis, and carries semen as well as urine.
In these times a formal angiography of the circle of Willis is performed via catheter angiography, with access usually being acquired at the common femoral artery.
It plays a key role in adjusting human voice pitch by changing the tension of the vocal cords.
Actin molecules are bound to the Z line, which forms the borders of the sarcomere.
There is another kind of tissue called subchondral bone which underlies the epiphyseal cartilage at the ends of bones.
It is specifically located in the convoluted seminiferous tubules.
Inflammation of the lacrimal glands is called dacryoadenitis.
Various superficial muscle layers on the posterior thorax and abdomen then arise from the posterior layer.
The intestinal villi are much smaller than any of the circular folds in the intestine.
The sacral spinal nerve 4 is a spinal nerve of the sacral segment.
The renal medulla contains the structures of the nephrons responsible for maintaining the salt and water balance of the blood.
The wall of the heart is made up of three layers: epicardium, myocardium, and endocardium.
This permits movement in two planes, allowing flexion, extension, adduction, abduction, and circumduction.
The retroinguinal space is the extraperitoneal space situated deep to the inguinal ligament.
The two atrioventricular valves, the mitral valve, and the tricuspid valve, which are between the upper chambers and the lower chambers.
In a positive fistula test, pressure on the tragus causes vertigo or eye deviation by inducing movement of perilymph.
The renal capsule is a tough fibrous layer surrounding the kidney and covered in a thick layer of perinephric adipose tissue.
Within the terminal segments of the upper cervical segments the interstitiospinal tract synapses in rexed laminae VII and VIII.
The ionic composition of perilymph is comparable to that of plasma and cerebrospinal fluid.
Fibrous joints are connected by dense connective tissue, consisting mainly of collagen.
It is also known as the "corona".
The interspinous plane is a transverse plane which transverses the anterior superior iliac spines.
In a fibrous enthesis, the collagenous tendon or ligament directly attaches to the bone, whereas the fibrocartilaginous interface encompasses four transition zones:
Hyphema, anterior uveitis and glaucoma are three main pathologies in this area.
The location of the canines reflect their dual function as they complement both the premolars and incisors during mastication, commonly known as chewing.
Buck's fascia is a layer of deep fascia covering the three erectile bodies of the penis.
They are called T cells because they mature in the thymus from thymocytes.
The gray rami communicantes contain postganglionic nerve fibers of the sympathetic nervous system and are composed of largely unmyelinated neurons.
It is the precursor for monoblasts and myeloblasts.
They may resemble a lymph node or a small spleen.
It is also present at the tendon bone interface, where there is a transition from soft tendon to uncalcified then calcified fibrocartilage before becoming bone.
Ehrlich received the 1908 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his discoveries.
In other animals, such as molluscs, it remains undifferentiated.
Enterochromaffin-like cells, found in the oxyntic glands release histamine, which also is a powerful stimulant of the acid secretion.
The retina contains two types of photosensitive cells, the rod cells and the cone cells.
Ambient cistern may also refer to the combination of these extensions and the superior cistern.
This article mostly describes the visual system of mammals, humans in particular, although other "higher" animals have similar visual systems.
These bands consist of superior and inferior fibres.
These bodies vary in size from about 0.25 mm.
Arterioles, a small diameter blood vessel that extends and branches out from an artery and leads to capillaries
In humans, it is about 31 nm.
a horizontal line from the anterior superior iliac spine
Owing to variations in combining forms and spelling, synonyms include megalokaryocyte and megacaryocyte.
They become inflamed or enlarged in various diseases which may range from trivial throat infections, to life-threatening cancers.
The axons of the ipRGCs belonging to the retinohypothalamic tract project directly, monosynaptically, to the suprachiasmatic nuclei via the optic nerve and the optic chiasm.
Alpha motor neurons target extrafusal muscle fibers.
Many conditions can lead to the inflammation of the conjunctiva.
There are great differences between the deciduous mandibular molars and those of the permanent mandibular molars, even though their function are similar.
Cellular prion protein is another example of a cell surface receptor on M cells.
Sympathetic ganglia are the ganglia of the sympathetic nervous system.
The anal sinuses are furrows in the anal canal, that separate the anal columns from one another.
The spleen synthesizes antibodies in its white pulp and removes antibody-coated bacteria and antibody-coated blood cells by way of blood and lymph node circulation.
The term cardiac skeleton is sometimes considered synonymous with endomysium in the heart, but cardiac skeleton also refers to the combination of the endomysium and perimysium.
The first digit is the thumb, followed by index finger, middle finger, ring finger, and little finger or pinky.
It is an endocrine gland producing several important hormones, including insulin, glucagon, somatostatin, and pancreatic polypeptide which circulate in the blood.
The endometrium is the inner epithelial layer, along with its mucous membrane, of the mammalian uterus.
When the gland has this demilunar structure, it produces both serous and mucous secretions, and is thus classified as "mixed".
White matter refers to areas of the central nervous system that are mainly made up of myelinated axons, also called tracts.
It also exists deeper through the scrotum where it is called the scrotal septum.
The inferior border designates the transverse plane in which the AV node resides.
While called untranslated, the 5′ UTR or a portion of it is sometimes translated into a protein product.
A heart valve normally allows blood to flow in only one direction through the heart.
It is responsible for automatic responses to pain, such as in the case of injury.
These cuboidal cells have large, spherical and central nuclei.
The resultant tightly packed chromatin is transcriptionally inactive.
From anterior to posterior, the renal vein exits, the renal artery enters, and the renal pelvis exits the kidney.
It originates from the spinal column from below the 4th body of the sacrum
Spermatogenesis is highly dependent upon optimal conditions for the process to occur correctly, and is essential for sexual reproduction.
When the axons of second-order neurons of the PCML decussate in the medulla, they are called internal arcuate fibers.
Anteriorly they blend with the deep surface of the iliofemoral ligament, and gain an attachment to the anterior inferior iliac spine.
Its inner surface is smooth, and is separated from the outer surface of the sclera by the periscleral lymph space.
It is also known as the vagina masculina or vesicula prostatica.
The sarcolemma from Greek; flesh, and lemma from Greek; sheath.)
The name "goose foot" arises from the three-pronged manner in which the conjoined tendon inserts onto the tibia.
The blood flow into pancreas is regulated by sympathetic nerve fibers, while parasympathetic neurons stimulate the activity of acinar and centroacinar cells.
It is a strong, fibrous investment, covered, laterally, by the Auricularis anterior and superior, by the galea aponeurotica, and by part of the Orbicularis oculi.
The reflex decreases the transmission of vibrational energy to the cochlea, where it is converted into electrical impulses to be processed by the brain.
The "compressor urethrae" is also considered a distinct, adjacent muscle by some sources, but not by Terminologia Anatomica.
Whittaker coined the term synaptosome to describe these fractionation-derived particles and shortly thereafter synaptic vesicles could be isolated from lysed synaptosomes.
The retroperitoneal space is the anatomical space in the abdominal cavity behind the peritoneum.
The binding of ACh to the receptor can depolarize the muscle fiber, causing a cascade that eventually results in muscle contraction.
The atlanto-occipital joint consists of a pair of condyloid joints.
The cells of connective tissue include fibroblasts, adipocytes, macrophages, mast cells and leucocytes.
In the human the bladder is a hollow muscular, and distensible organ, that sits on the pelvic floor.
Paul D. MacLean reconceptualized Papez’s proposal and coined the term limbic system.
The moderator band is a muscular band of heart tissue found in the right ventricle of the heart.
Less advanced courses typically focus on smaller subjects, such as small formaldehyde-preserved animals, while the more advanced courses normally use cadavers.
Haustral contractions are slow segmenting, uncoordinated movements that occur approximately every 25 minutes.
Joints are classified both structurally and functionally.
The parapharyngeal space, is a potential space in the head and the neck.
They also build up the paracellular barrier of epithelia and control the paracellular transport.
They can appear as bands encircling the cell or as spots of attachment to the extracellular matrix.
ACTH partially regulates adrenal androgen secretion, also CRH.
The lateral process is the attachment of one of the major intrinsic muscles of the vocal folds and consequently named the muscular process.
Constituent cells are organized into bundles or "fascicles".
Ganglia house the cell bodies of afferent nerves and efferent nerves.
The bicanthal plane is the transversal plane linking both canthi and defines the upper boundary of the midface.
The lipids in the chyle are colloidally suspended in chylomicrons.
Its other functions are insulation, temperature regulation, sensation, and the production of vitamin D folates.
A promyelocyte is a granulocyte precursor, developing from the myeloblast and developing into the myelocyte.
Bone tissue, or osseous tissue, is the major structural and supportive connective tissue of the body.
However, adhering to the outer surface of the filum terminale are a few strands of nerve fibres which probably represent rudimentary second and third coccygeal nerves.
As with all teeth, variations of size, shape, and color exist among people.
At the other end of the canal, the deep inguinal ring forms the entrance.
The corresponding equivalent among males is the male reproductive system.
A sinusoid is a small blood vessel that is a type of capillary similar to a fenestrated endothelium.
"proximal interphalangeal joints", those between the first and second phalanges
These nerves are part of a group of nerves that innervate the muscles that move the scapula.
Largest granulations lie along the superior sagittal sinus, a large venous space running from front to back along the center of the head.
They are found in the ventrolateral medulla in conjunction with the noradrenergic cell group A1.
The thymus is composed of two identical lobes and is located anatomically in the anterior superior mediastinum, in front of the heart and behind the sternum.
In vertebrates, the hypothalamus is the neural control center for all endocrine systems.
Types of Appendages include hair, glands, and nails.
It is the first structure observed when the abdominal cavity is opened anteriorly.
The terminal sulcus is a groove in the right atrium of the heart.
Other features of the vulva include: the pudendal cleft, sebaceous glands, the urogenital triangle, and pubic hair.
It is composed of fibers and ground substance.
The human pharynx is conventionally divided into three sections: the nasopharynx, the oropharynx and the laryngopharynx.
It is the only epithelial tissue that is not avascular.
It is often termed a compound joint having tibiofemoral and patellofemoral components.
In primitive placental mammals there are four premolars per quadrant, but the most mesial two have been lost in catarrhines.
Aqueous humor fills these spaces within the anterior segment and provides nutrients to the surrounding structures.
They keep the eyes from drying out when asleep.
There are two basic designs for efferent ductule structure:
In most tetrapods, ribs surround the chest, enabling the lungs to expand and thus facilitate breathing by expanding the chest cavity.
The same drug given orally must enter the blood stream and may not be able to pass out and into the brain.
This makes the skin turn paler because less blood reaches the surface, reducing the radiation of heat.
The thoracic spinal nerve 2 is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
The axon runs via the fila radicularia to the dorsal horn of the grey matter.
It contains larger blood vessels and nerves than those found in the dermis.
Included in the glycocalyx are cell-adhesion molecules that enable cells to adhere to each other and guide the movement of cells during embryonic development.
Serotonergic cell groups refer to collections of neurons in the central nervous system that have been demonstrated by histochemical fluorescence to contain the neurotransmitter serotonin.
Mesenchymal stem cells, or MSCs, are multipotent stromal cells that can differentiate into a variety of cell types, including: osteoblasts, chondrocytes, myocytes and adipocytes.
In many serous membranes, it appears as a loose arrangement of collagenous and elastic fibers, scattered cells of various types; abundant ground substance; numerous blood vessels.
A gonad or sex gland or reproductive gland is a mixed gland that produces the gametes and sex hormones of an organism.
A free nerve ending or bare nerve ending, is an unspecialized, afferent nerve fiber ending of a sensory neuron.
It is normal when it is part of healthy immune responses, which happen frequently.
In humans, this event occurs when the de Graaf's follicles rupture and release the secondary oocyte ovarian cells.
The tunica media, or media for short, is the middle tunica of an artery or vein.
The marginal zone is the region at the interface between the non-lymphoid red pulp and the lymphoid white-pulp of the spleen.
It is composed of two subdivisions, the intercalated duct and the striated duct.
It is later joined by the pancreatic duct to form the ampulla of Vater.
The first bronchi to branch from the trachea are the right main bronchus and the left main bronchus.
Thus, the right deciduous maxillary second molar is known as "55", and the left one is known as "65".
The level of permeability is such as to allow small and medium-sized proteins such as albumin to readily enter and leave the blood stream.
Muscle tissues are derived from the mesodermal layer of embryonic germ cells in a process known as myogenesis.
During the secretory phase, the uterine glands become very coiled with wide lumens and produce a glycogen-rich secretion.
It is a part of the lateral indirect extra-pyramidal tract.
The uncinate process is a small part of the pancreas.
Human lips are a tactile sensory organ, and can be an erogenous zone when used in kissing and other acts of intimacy.
Endomysium is the deepest and smallest component of muscle connective tissue.
Epimysium The epimysium is the fibrous tissue envelope that surrounds skeletal muscle.
Since these processes must be efficient to prevent potentially fatal damage, microglia are extremely sensitive to even small pathological changes in the CNS.
The appearance and structural anatomy of the vein itself appears to be highly variable within the human population.
The anterior grey column contains motor neurons that affect the skeletal muscles while the posterior grey column receives information regarding touch and sensation.
Despite being named molars, the deciduous molars are followed by permanent premolars.
In the brain, pericytes help sustain the blood–brain barrier as well as several other homeostatic and hemostatic functions of the brain.
the base of the triangle is a line from the anterior superior iliac spine to the top of the greater trochanter.
Fibrocartilaginous region of variable thickness where the structure of the cells changes to chondrocytes
It is the pelvic brim, which is the edge of the pelvic inlet.
Unlike most other capillary beds, the glomerulus drains into an efferent arteriole rather than a venule.
It serves as the insertion for the Tensor veli palatini and Levator veli palatini, and the origin for the Musculus uvulae, Palatopharyngeus, and Palatoglossus.
Therefore, if the ulcer grows deep enough, it will perforate; whereas if a posterior ulcer grows deep enough, it will perforate the gastroduodenal artery and bleed.
It is composed of a supratentorial and an infratentorial compartment.It contains:
Periodontal ligament: a group of fibers that attach the cementum of teeth to the surrounding alveolar bone.
Eventually, enough lipid has been lost and additional apolipoproteins gained, that the resulting particle can be taken up by the liver.
It has a prevalence of 4% in the general population according to a meta-analysis.
Though the two are similar, there are some minor differences between the deciduous mandibular central incisor and that of the permanent mandibular central incisor.
Since there are 12 ribs on each side, there are 11 intercostal spaces, each numbered for the rib superior to it.
The anserine bursa is a sub muscular bursa located just below the pes anserinus on the anteromedial proximal tibia.
Both females and males develop breasts from the same embryological tissues.
Its structure suggests that its function is transport of fluid and electrolytes.
In other words, it is an immature ovum, or egg cell.
It is named after the Scottish surgeon James Spence.
It plays a role in the control of the iris dilator muscle.
They are situated in the upper lateral region of each orbit, in the lacrimal fossa of the orbit formed by the frontal bone.
A bronchus, is a passage of airway in the respiratory tract that conducts air into the lungs.
A myofibroblast is a cell that is in between a fibroblast and a smooth muscle cell in phenotype.
The study of cells is called cell biology.
Together, these two layers form the epineurium, which varies in thickness along the course of a nerve.
In the anterior pituitary, the term "acidophil" is used to describe two different types of cells:
Electron microscopy studies show that olfactory glands contain cells with large secretory vesicles.
They are constructed to allow for different degrees and types of movement.
The commissure is important in facial appearance, particularly during function such as smiling.
In children, it is thinner and shows some of the underlying pigment, appearing slightly blue.
Today, there are various hypotheses about how, why, when, and where language might have emerged.
A myofibril is a basic rod-like unit of a muscle cell.
While the cornea contributes most of the eye's focusing power, its focus is fixed.
It is thicker at the circumference, especially its upper and back part, than at its center.
The first-order neurons reside in dorsal root ganglia and send their axons through the gracile fasciculus and cuneate fasciculus.
A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Lamina propria also contains glands with the ducts opening on to the mucosal epithelium, that secrete mucus and serous secretions.
The Subscapular aponeurosis is a fibrous membrane that lines the subscapular fossa of the scapula.
In the intervertebral spaces, the canal is protected by the ligamentum flavum posteriorly and the posterior longitudinal ligament anteriorly.
These proteins are organized into thick and thin filaments called myofilaments, which repeat along the length of the myofibril in sections called sarcomeres.
The nasal vestibule is the most anterior part of the nasal cavity.
The external orifice of the uterus is a small, depressed, somewhat circular opening on the rounded extremity of the cervix, opening to the vagina.
Epineurial repair is a common surgical procedure to repair a nerve laceration via the epineurium, the connective tissue surrounding nerve fibers originating from the spinal cord.
It is occupied by the base of the stapes, the circumference of which is fixed by the annular ligament to the margin of the foramen.
The bile canaliculi merge and form bile ductules, which eventually become common hepatic duct.
In fish, the divisions of the small intestine are not as clear and the terms posterior intestine or distal intestine may be used instead of ileum.
The single bone in the thigh is called the femur.
The remainder of the cell's cytoplasm is occupied by membrane-bound secretory granules containing mucin.
The lateral inguinal fossa is a structure described in human anatomy.
This is a clinically important anatomic space in the arm as it provides the anterior regions of the axilla a passageway to the posterior regions.
the lateral muscular lacuna transmits the Psoas major and Iliacus and the femoral nerve.
This layer is composed of 15–20 layers of flattened cells with no nuclei and cell organelles.
There are 10 bronchopulmonary segments in the right lung: three in the superior lobe, two in the middle lobe, and five in the inferior lobe.
between the head and styloid process of the ulna, for the tendon of the Extensor carpi ulnaris.
It is connected above to the posterior margin of the foramen magnum and below to the upper border of the posterior arch of the atlas.
The lungs are encased in a serous membrane that infolds on itself to form a two-layer protective barrier that we call the pleura.
The valve may vary in size, or be completely absent.
It is thicker at its periphery, especially behind, than at its center.
The angular incisure is used as a separation point between the right and left portions of the stomach.
Beneath the lamina densa, loop-structured, cross-banded anchoring fibrils extend more than 300 nm beneath the basement membrane within the papillary dermis.
Lysyl oxidase reacts with specific lysine residues and by oxidative deamination generates reactive aldehydes and allysine.
This coating consists of several carbohydrate moieties of membrane glycolipids and glycoproteins, which serve as backbone molecules for support.
The posterior intermuscular septum of leg, or posterior crural intermuscular septum is a band of fascia which separates the lateral compartment of leg.
The periosteum, forming the outer wall of the ductus cochlearis, is greatly thickened and altered in character, and is called the spiral ligament.
Osteoblasts and osteocytes are involved in the formation and mineralization of bone; osteoclasts are involved in the resorption of bone tissue.
Bone marrow is also a key component of the lymphatic system, producing the lymphocytes that support the body's immune system.
Cells in the thymus can be divided into thymic stromal cells and cells of hematopoietic origin.
It is a potential space in the face over the angle of the jaw, and is paired on each side.
Some researchers still assert that such a diaphragm exists, and the term is still used in the literature.
They are not on the palms of the hands or the soles of the feet.
It is a part of the middle ear.
Axons first cross midline in the spinal cord and run in the ventral border of the lateral funiculi.
It is continuous with the palmar carpal ligament, which is located on the anterior side of the forearm.
It surrounds a gyrus, creating the characteristic folded appearance of the brain in humans and other mammals.
They mark the site where the submandibular glands empty into the oral cavity via the submandibular duct.
The liver and kidneys are the major organs that degrade hormones; breakdown products are excreted in urine and feces.
The articulation between the tibia and the talus bears more weight than that between the smaller fibula and the talus.
A brachial plexus nerve block can be achieved by injecting anaesthetic into this area.
There are various factors that influence whether someone has epicanthic folds, including geographical ancestry, age, and certain medical conditions.
They are also responsible for the reabsorption of water, glucose, and amino acids.
In humans they are present in the knee, wrist, acromioclavicular, sternoclavicular, and temporomandibular joints; in other animals they may be present in other joints.
Within the anterior segment are two fluid-filled spaces:
Thus the adjective cervical may refer either to the neck or to the uterine cervix.
In anatomy, serous membrane is a smooth tissue membrane consisting of two layers of mesothelium, which secrete serous fluid.
The exceptions are the four paired parasympathetic ganglia of the head and neck.
When a person is standing in the medical anatomical position, the thumb is the outermost digit.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 4.
The amnion is a membrane that closely covers the embryo when first formed.
The cerebrum is the largest part of the human brain.
As it descends it diminishes in thickness, and is gradually lost.
This produces a spiral stream of urine and has the effect of cleaning the external urethral meatus.
The operations of individual brain cells are now understood in considerable detail but the way they cooperate in ensembles of millions is yet to be solved.
White matter is named for its relatively light appearance resulting from the lipid content of myelin.
It also contains the urinary bladder and internal reproductive organs.
The skin over the surface opening is lubricated and tends to be smoother than the rest of the areola.
The juxtaglomerular apparatus is a microscopic structure in the kidney that regulates the function of each nephron, the functional units of the kidney.
Embryologically, it is derived from the uterovaginal primordium.
The middle set consists of two or three nodes on either side close to where the phrenic nerves enter the diaphragm.
Lesions in this pathway can diminish or completely abolish tactile sensations and movement or position sense below the lesion.
The gluteus maximus muscle and the tensor fasciae latae insert upon the tract.
Both are cartilaginous tissues that provide structural integrity to the knee when it undergoes tension and torsion.
The other half show structural characteristics typical of "natively unfolded" or intrinsically disordered proteins, i.e.
The carotid triangle is a portion of the anterior triangle of the neck.
This separation of the cavity space allows for separate movements to occur in each space.
Urine is formed in the kidneys through a filtration of blood.
As such, they are part of the sensory pathways for smell, sight, taste, hearing and vestibular functions.
These are the fundic glands, the cardiac glands, and the pyloric glands.
The fascia is attached laterally to the ischiopubic rami and fused anteriorly with the suspensory ligament of the penis or clitoris.
The depth of the anterior chamber of the eye varies between 1.5 and 4.0 mm, averaging 3.0 mm.
A mammary gland is an exocrine gland in mammals that produces milk to feed young offspring.
It is located approximately at the level of the twelfth thoracic vertebra.
These are fixed joints where bones are united by a layer of white fibrous tissue of varying thickness.
Both of these gametes, are haploid germ cells.
Cells of the barrier actively transport metabolic products such as glucose across the barrier with specific proteins.
Teeth may tilt at an awkward angle, putting pressure on gums when food is being chewed.
This distinction is important for head and neck cancer staging and treatment.
The a- of afferent and the e- of efferent correspond to the prefixes ad- and ex-.
Amphibians, reptiles, and birds use the same orifice for excreting liquid and solid wastes, for copulation and egg-laying.
They are static, whereas the nuclear bag fibers are dynamic in comparison.
In birds the bronchioles are termed parabronchi.
These muscles, acting via the tendon, cause plantar flexion of the foot at the ankle, and flexion at the knee.
Neutrophils are a type of phagocyte and are normally found in the bloodstream.
In structure, they are longer than typical microvilli, and have more of the characteristics of the cellular membrane proper.
The anterior aortic sinus gives rise to the right coronary artery.
They represent the terminal end of the axons from the hypothalamus, and hormones are temporarily stored in these locations.
The central groove is not straight but runs down the center of the tooth mesially to distally and contains four pits.
Two of the important proteins are myosin, which forms the thick filament, and actin, which forms the thin filament.
It is a cone shaped structure dorsal to the midbrain tectum.
The lacrimal gland, which secretes the tears, and its excretory ducts, which convey the fluid to the surface of the human eye;
Neuroscience currently identifies four main functions of glial cells:
The misnomer "portal triad" traditionally has included only the first three structures, and was named before lymphatic vessels were discovered in the structure.
The most abundant cells in vertebrate blood are red blood cells.
Podocytes are cells in the Bowman's capsule in the kidneys that wrap around capillaries of the glomerulus.
The right permanent maxillary second molar is known as "2", and the left one is known as "15".
The retinaculum is also attached in its passage across the wrist, to the ridges on the dorsal surface of the radius.
The fossa of vestibule of vagina is a boat-shaped depression between the vagina/hymen and the frenulum labiorum pudendi.
Parietal cells, are the epithelial cells that secrete hydrochloric acid and intrinsic factor.
The four paired extrinsic muscles change the position of the tongue and are anchored to bone.
Temple indicates the side of the head behind the eyes.
The Bowman's membrane is a smooth, acellular, nonregenerating layer, located between the superficial epithelium and the stroma in the cornea of the eye.
In cartilage, the lacunae and hence, the chondrocytes, are isolated from each other.
The intervenous tubercle is a small projection on the posterior wall of the right atrium, above the fossa ovalis.
In the heart's conduction system, Bachmann's bundle is a branch of the anterior internodal tract that resides on the inner wall of the left atrium.
The posterior compartment of the forearm contains 12 muscles which are chiefly responsible for extension of the wrist and digits, and supination of the forearm.
The international notation has a different system of notation.
Their enlargement is due to glycogen and lipid accumulation in the cytoplasm allowing these cells to provide a rich source of nutrition for the developing embryo.
The word endocrine derives from the Greek words ἐνδο- endo- "inside, within," and κρίνειν krinein "to separate, distinguish".
The root of the penis lies in the perineum between the inferior fascia of the urogenital diaphragm and the fascia of Colles.
retinae, ; from Latin rēte, meaning "net") is the third and inner coat of the eye which is a light-sensitive layer of tissue.
Additionally, HeLa cells have been used to test human sensitivity to tape, glue, cosmetics, and many other products.
Sweat Glands are distributed all over the body except nipples and outer genitals.
The existence of the G-spot has not been proven; nor has the source of female ejaculation.
Can be used to pass ligature during cardiac surgery.
Therefore, inferior to the arcuate line, the rectus abdominis rests directly on the transversalis fascia.
Lanugo hair is a much thicker type of hair that normally grows only on fetuses.
The PGF2α induces the contraction of the smooth muscle cells of the theca externa, increasing intrafollicular pressure.
Cartilaginous joints also forms the growth regions of immature long bones and the intervertebral discs of the spinal column.
The laryngeal cavity extends from the laryngeal inlet downwards to the lower border of the cricoid cartilage where it is continuous with that of the trachea.
White adipose tissue is used as a store of energy.
In reality determining the exact position of the apical foramen is problematic, requiring radiography and/or use of an electronic apex locator to produce a refined estimate.
The fovea is surrounded by the parafovea belt, and the perifovea outer region.
The human penis is an external male intromittent organ that additionally serves as the urinal duct.
The posterior part of a vertebra forms a vertebral arch, in eleven parts, consisting of two pedicles, two laminae, and seven processes.
Its near identical parallel is the rectal lobe, which is present in the majority of mammals.
The cystic duct is the short duct that joins the gallbladder to the common bile duct.
The carpometacarpal joint connects the carpal bones to the metacarpus or metacarpal bones which are joined at the intermetacarpal articulations.
The forensic term for the midpoint of the mandibular angle is the gonion.
During development, newborn neurons use radial glia as scaffolds, traveling along the radial glial fibers in order to reach their final destinations.
The squamous part is the curved, expanded plate behind the foramen magnum and is the largest part of the occipital bone.
This helps to reduce friction between the bones and allows free movement.
Each is an oval opening that measures about 1.5 cm anteroposteriorly and about 1 cm in diameter.
This process reabsorbs water and creates a concentrated urine for excretion.
The left lobe is smaller and more flattened than the right.
When the sphincter of Oddi is closed, newly synthesized bile from the liver is forced into storage in the gall bladder.
Chordae tendinae are approximately 80% collagen, while the remaining 20% is made up of elastin and endothelial cells.
The ratio of platelets to red blood cells in a healthy adult ranges from 1:10 to 1:20.
The hyponychium is the area of epithelium, particularly the thickened portion, underlying the free edge of the nail plate on the nail.
The cervical spinal nerve 1 is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment.
The modiolus is a conical shaped central axis in the cochlea.
Detoxification, modification, and excretion of exogenous and endogenous substances
Anterior ulcers can be complicated by perforation, while the posterior ones bleed.
Lymph capillaries are slightly larger than their counterpart capillaries of the vascular system.
A neurilemoma is a tumor of the neurilemma.
White adipose tissue also acts as a thermal insulator, helping to maintain body temperature.
These fibers carry sensory information about discriminative and crude touch, conscious proprioception, pain, and temperature from the head, face, and oral cavity.
The bone cells develop new bone tissue and continual bone remodeling – maintaining the bones and the regulation of minerals in the body.
At the joint, the epiphysis is covered with articular cartilage; below that covering is a zone similar to the epiphyseal plate, known as subchondral bone.
The subclavian ansa forms a loop around the subclavian artery.
The proximal tubule is the portion of the duct system of the nephron of the kidney which leads from Bowman's capsule to the loop of Henle.
The thyroid gland, or simply the thyroid , is an endocrine gland in the neck, consisting of two lobes connected by an isthmus.
In anatomy, a ganglion is a nerve cell cluster or a group of nerve cell bodies located in the autonomic nervous system and sensory system.
In humans, the rectum is followed by the anal canal, before the gastrointestinal tract terminates at the anal verge.
Gyri and sulci create the folded appearance of the brain in humans and other mammals.
Its anterior attachment is to the frontal process of the maxilla in front of the lacrimal groove, and its posterior attachment is the lacrimal bone.
These three types of muscle all form in the process of myogenesis.
Nuclear chain fibers are intrafusal fibers that, along with nuclear bag fibers, make up the muscle spindle responsible for the detection of changes in muscle length.
The epiphysis is the rounded end of a long bone, at its joint with adjacent bone(s).
It is much thinner than the inner plexiform layer, where amacrine cells synapse with retinal ganglion cells.
Ribbon synapses undergo a cycle of exocytosis and endocytosis in response to graded changes of membrane potential.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 8.
The central nervous system is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
These are different from the pectinate muscles, which are present in the right atrium and the atrial appendages of the heart.
The cricothyroid articulation is a joint connecting the cricoid cartilage and the thyroid cartilage.
The ground substance is mostly made up of chondroitin sulfate and osteocalcin.
Dodd's perforator at the inferior 1/3 of the thigh
Research on apoptosis has increased substantially since the early 1990s.
Microvilli on the apical surface increase surface area for the digestion and transport of molecules from the intestinal lumen.
The broad base of each pyramid faces the renal cortex, and its apex, or papilla, points internally towards the pelvis.
It is generally similar to blood plasma, which is the fluid extracellular matrix of whole blood.
The submasseteric space is one of the four compartments of the masticator space.
Toes are the digits of the foot of a tetrapod.
The peripharyngeal space is a space in the neck.
Striated muscle tissue is muscle tissue that features repeating functional units called sarcomeres, in contrast with smooth muscle tissue which does not.
It constitutes the majority of the broad ligament of the uterus, excluding only the portions adjacent to the uterine tube and ovary.
It contains the renal corpuscles and the renal tubules except for parts of the loop of Henle which descend into the renal medulla.
Sharpey's fibres in the primary acellular cementum are mineralized fully; those in cellular cementum and bone are mineralized only partially at their periphery.
It is continuous with the skin through the nares, and with the mucous membrane of the nasal part of the pharynx through the choanae.
Here it is mixed with gastric juice until it passes into the duodenum where it is mixed with a number of enzymes produced by the pancreas.
Bicarbonate is useful in neutralizing the acidic gastric acid, allowing for effective enzymic action.
The bronchi when too narrow to be supported by cartilage are known as bronchioles.
The posterior hyaloid membrane separates the rear of the vitreous from the retina .
The kidney lies directly below this area, so is the place where, with percussion, pain is elicited when the person has kidney inflammation.
Each rib has a depression shaped like a cup that the costal cartilage articulates with.
Prolactin is involved in the maturation of mammary glands and their secretion of milk in association with oxytocin, estrogen, progesterone, glucocorticoids, and others.
After the spinal cord tapers out, the spinal nerves continue to branch out diagonally, forming the cauda equina.
The muscle between the costal cartilages is replaced by a membranous layer called the external intercostal membrane.
Descending tracts are pathways by which motor signals are sent from the brain to lower motor neurons which then directly innervate muscle to produce movement.
The major duodenal papilla is an opening of the pancreatic duct into the duodenum.
The epiploic appendices are small pouches of the peritoneum filled with fat and situated along the colon, but are absent in the rectum.
Commonly, fibroblasts express smooth muscle actin, a form of actin first found in smooth muscle cells and not found in resting fibrocytes.
Endothelium of the interior surfaces of the heart chambers is called endocardium.
This membrane receives, in front, some of the fibers of the Genioglossi.
This amount varies according to fluid intake and kidney function.
Its function is to reduce friction between the coracobrachialis, subscapularis and short head of the biceps tendons, thus facilitating internal and external rotation of the shoulder.
The alveolar membrane is the gas exchange surface.
In the female the mesonephric ducts regresses, causing the trigone to be less prominent, but still present.
Fish, in contrast, have two chambers, an atrium and a ventricle, while reptiles have three chambers.
The Sphenoethmoidal suture is the cranial suture between the sphenoid bone and the ethmoid bone.
If certain bones of the skull grow too fast then "premature closure" of the sutures may occur.
The presence of pain is marked as a positive Murphy's punch sign or as costovertebral angle tenderness.
Stratified cuboidal epithelium is a type of epithelial tissue composed of multiple layers of cube-shaped cells.
The portion of the utricle that forms the macula forms a sort of pouch or cul-de-sac, with a thickened floor and anterior wall.
The process is particularly important in staunching hemorrhage and acute blood loss.
It can be defined as the space in between the false vocal cords.
The gluteal aponeurosis is a fibrous membrane, from the fascia lata, that lies between the iliac crest and the superior border of the gluteus maximus.
Lister's tubercle or dorsal tubercle of radius is a bony prominence located at the distal end of the radius, palpable on the dorsum of the wrist.
It is a superficial bursa with a thin synovial lining located between the skin and the patella.
The superficial perineal pouch is a compartment of the perineum.
This line represents the transition point from non-keratinized stratified squamous epithelium of the anal canal to keratinized stratified squamous epithelium of the anus and perianal skin.
It is located posterior to the liver and the gallbladder, and superior to the pancreatic head.
The shoulder joint is the main joint of the shoulder.
The collagen in the pubocervical ligament may be reduced in women with vaginal prolapse.
The palpebral fissure is the elliptic space between the medial and lateral canthi of the two open lids.
Additional 'accessory muscles of respiration' are typically only used under conditions of high metabolic demand or respiratory dysfunction.
The spleen therefore consists of a number of small spaces or areolae, formed by the trabeculae; in these areolae is contained the splenic pulp.
The three cusp variety has one large cusp on the buccal with two smaller lingual cusps.
Urine enters the bladder via the ureters and exits via the urethra.
It lies on the superior margin of the tragus.
The anterior axillary line  is a coronal line on the anterior torso marked by the anterior axillary fold.
The thyroid may be affected by several diseases.
Lymph may pick up bacteria and bring them to lymph nodes, where they are destroyed.
Plane joints are numerous and are nearly always small, such as the acromioclavicular joint between the acromion of the scapula and the clavicle.
Some factors like Fas receptors and caspases promote apoptosis, while some members of the Bcl-2 family of proteins inhibit apoptosis.
This is the most inferior of the fossae.
The tonsils are lymphoid organs that are also associated with the digestive system.
The posterior pituitary is not glandular as is the anterior pituitary.
It is found in both males and females, and arises from the fusion of the urogenital folds.
In the lymphatic system the lymph node is a secondary lymphoid organ.
The origin seems to be related to a continuous differentiation throughout the growth of the tissue and even further differentiation during adulthood.
The myelin sheaths of Oligodendrocytes do not have neurolemma because excess cytoplasm is directed centrally toward the oligodendrocyte cell body.
The lower part, or filum terminale externum, closely adheres to the dura mater.
At certain development stages they grow branched projections, the dendrites that give the cell its name.
The face is crucial for human identity, and damage such as scarring or developmental deformities have effects stretching beyond those of solely physical inconvenience.
This then leads into the further breakdown of the nutrients still present by anaerobic bacteria, which at the same time help to package the remains.
Most autonomous functions are involuntary but they can often work in conjunction with the somatic nervous system which provides voluntary control.
The choroid consists mainly of a dense capillary plexus, and of small arteries and veins carrying blood to and returning it from this plexus.
Cells in the olfactory mucosa have been shown to have a degree of plasticity, and hold potential for therapeutic applications.
In white blood cells and hyperchromatin, staining imparts a burgundy or merlot coloration.
The marginal cells are involved primarily in K+ transport and line the endolymphatic space of the scala media.
In the embryo the uterus develops from the paramesonephric ducts which fuse into the single organ known as a simplex uterus.
Oligodendrocytes do this by creating the myelin sheath, which is 80% lipid and 20% protein.
Taste buds contain the taste receptor cells, which are also known as gustatory cells.
The anterior median line is a sagittal line on the anterior of the head and torso running at midline.
It is the remains of the ovarian follicle that has released a mature ovum during a previous ovulation.
At the deep end, the cervix bulges into the vagina.
During vaginal childbirth, the cervix must flatten and dilate to allow the fetus to progress along the birth canal.
More specifically, the inner and outer canthi are, respectively, the medial and lateral ends/angles of the palpebral fissure.
A tendon or sinew is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that usually connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension.
The most inferior of the spinal nerves, the coccygeal nerve leaves the spinal cord at the level of the conus medullaris, superior to the filum terminale.
These collagen fibers are produced by fibroblasts located within the fascia.
The matrix in which they are imbedded increases in quantity, so that the cells become further separated from each other.
These cells are reserve spermatogonial stem cells which do not usually undergo active mitosis.
The esophageal hiatus is situated in the muscular part of the diaphragm at the level of the tenth thoracic vertebra, and is elliptical in shape.
They can become exposed and raised when the nipple is stimulated.
This has been explained by Mark Whiteley as "active venous reflux".
Examples of symptoms include paralysis, muscle weakness, poor coordination, loss of sensation, seizures, confusion, pain and altered levels of consciousness.
Gastric juice in the stomach starts protein digestion.
They are the predominant cells in pus, accounting for its whitish/yellowish appearance.
The glycocalyx is a glycoprotein covering that surrounds the cell membranes of some bacteria, epithelia and other cells.
The proximal tibiofibular articulation is an arthrodial joint between the lateral condyle of the tibia and the head of the fibula.
In Terminologia Anatomica, sinciput is given as the Latin equivalent to "forehead".
This article compares the properties of brains across the entire range of animal species, with the greatest attention to vertebrates.
The bony canal of the cochlea takes two and three-quarter turns around the modiolus.
The exception to this is the filiform papillae that do not contain taste buds.
Only Sertoli cells line the terminal ends of the seminiferous tubules.
Facet joints appear to have little influence on the range of side bending.
The lymph, lymph nodes, and lymph vessels form the lymphatic system, which returns filtered blood plasma from the interstitial fluid as lymph.
It has been shown that these pre-endothelial/pre-hematopoietic cells in the embryo arise out of a phenotype CD34 population.
The pancreas  is a glandular organ in the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
When found in neurons or nerves it may also be called an electrical synapse.
Villi increase the internal surface area of the intestinal walls making available a greater surface area for absorption.
These folds of the rectouterine excavation are named the sacrogenital or rectouterine folds.
They act as messengers between the innate and the adaptive immune systems.
As in other cells this allows for the compositions of the compartments to be controlled by selective transport through the membrane.
It is a fusion of fibres into a homogeneous layer below the adipose tissue, for example, superficial to muscular fascias.
It covers most of the intra-abdominal organs, and is composed of a layer of mesothelium supported by a thin layer of connective tissue.
The pretracheal fascia has two components which are continuous layers of fascia.
The lacrimal caruncle, or caruncula lacrimalis, is the small, pink, globular nodule at the inner corner of the eye.
The posterior layer of the thyroid capsule is thick.
The middle subscapular nerve, known as the thoracodorsal nerve also branches from the posterior division of the brachial plexus.
It provides the sensory component of the Golgi tendon reflex.
Axons make contact with other cells—usually other neurons but sometimes muscle or gland cells—at junctions called synapses.
The Intermesenteric plexus is a nerve plexus on the abdominal aorta, between the exits of the superior and inferior mesenteric artery.
The tunica vasculosa is the vascular layer of the testis, consisting of a plexus of blood vessels, held together by delicate areolar tissue.
Legs are used for standing, and all forms of locomotion including recreational such as dancing, and constitute a significant portion of a person's mass.
The carpometacarpal joints are five joints in the wrist that articulate the distal row of carpal bones and the proximal bases of the five metacarpal bones.
Molecular, biological, and comprehensive studies have shown that intercalated discs consist for the most part of mixed type adherens junctions, termed composite junctions or areae compositae.
The angle is created by the collar sling fibres and the circular muscles around this junction.
The pharynx makes up the part of the throat situated immediately behind the nasal cavity, behind the mouth and above the esophagus and larynx.
Referred pain, also called reflective pain, is pain perceived at a location other than the site of the painful stimulus.
The urine is then passed through the ureters to the bladder, where it is stored.
The globin portion of hemoglobin is degraded to its constitutive amino acids, and the heme portion is metabolized to bilirubin, which is removed in the liver.
Collectively they are also known as the genial tubercle, genial apophysis and the Latin name spinae mentalis.
It is one structure that has to be incised during fasciotomy in the treatment of acute compartment syndrome of the forearm and elbow region.
The skull is composed of two parts: the cranium and the mandible.
The labia majora are homologous to the male scrotum.
Their endothelial linings are only one cell layer thick.
The exact composition of the secretions from olfactory glands is unclear, but there is evidence that they produce odorant binding protein.
A popular myth assigns these different tastes to different regions of the tongue; in reality these tastes can be detected by any area of the tongue.
Intercalated discs support synchronized contraction of cardiac tissue.
The coelom is the main body cavity in most animals and is positioned inside the body to surround and contain the digestive tract and other organs.
The macula of utricle allows a person to perceive changes in longitudinal acceleration.
The mucous membrane of the carina is the most sensitive area of the trachea and larynx for triggering a cough reflex.
The posterior compartment of the leg is one of the fascial compartments of the leg and is divided further into deep and superficial compartments.
In 13% of all cases the iliopectineal bursa is partly separated by a septum into two cavities.
The space between the membranes is called the perinuclear space, a region contiguous with the lumen of the endoplasmic reticulum.
The human body is the entire structure of a human being.
The tunicae of blood vessels are three layers—an inner layer, a middle layer, and an outer layer.
It provides a barrier to infection from environmental pathogens and regulates the amount of water released from the body into the atmosphere through transepidermal water loss.
Epithelium is one of the four basic types of animal tissue, along with connective tissue, muscle tissue and nervous tissue.
Posterior dislocations deserve special attention, as they have the potential to be life-threatening because of the risk of damage to vital structures in the mediastinum.
In humans linea alba runs from the xiphoid process to the pubic symphysis.
Exercise routines tone underlying facial muscles without surgery.
These usually run on the anterior face of the radius and ulna down the whole forearm.
The carotid body is a small cluster of chemoreceptors and supporting cells located near the fork of the carotid artery.
The function of the crista ampullaris is to sense angular acceleration and deceleration.
It is between the ampulla and the fimbriae.
It is a single, narrow, tightly-coiled tube connecting the efferent ducts from the rear of each testicle to its vas deferens.
In non-mammalian vertebrates, the equivalent structures are called oviducts.
The human skeleton is the internal framework of the body.
The temporomandibular joints are the two joints connecting the jawbone to the skull.
The human musculoskeletal system is an organ system that gives humans the ability to move using their muscular and skeletal systems.
The macula or macula lutea is an oval-shaped pigmented area near the center of the retina of the human eye and some other animalian eyes.
The kidneys have an extensive blood supply via the renal arteries which leave the kidneys via the renal vein.
Situated on the superior nasal aspect of the frontal bone, it is the only cartilage found in the normal orbit.
The articular disk is a thin, oval plate of fibrocartilage present in several joints which separates synovial cavities.
Sometimes, premolars are referred to as bicuspids.
This peritoneal lining of the cavity supports many of the abdominal organs and serves as a conduit for their blood vessels, lymphatic vessels, and nerves.
The vertical axis is 24 mm; the transverse being larger.
There are three principal shapes of epithelial cell: squamous, columnar, and cuboidal.
Spermatozoa are the mature male gametes in many sexually reproducing organisms.
In common usage, the term ankle refers exclusively to the ankle region.
As the corpus luteum is being broken down by macrophages, fibroblasts lay down type I collagen, forming the corpus albicans.
Such skin variety provides a rich and diverse habitat for bacteria that number roughly 1000 species from 19 phyla, present on the human skin.
The right permanent mandibular second molar is known as "31", and the left one is known as "18".
Inferior to the arcuate line, the internal oblique and transversus abdominis aponeuroses merge and pass superficial to the rectus muscle.
The conjunctiva is highly vascularised, with many microvessels easily accessible for imaging studies.
The lens is more flat on its anterior side than on its posterior side.
The study of ligaments is known as desmology.
The mandibular canines begin to show calcification at age 4 months and the enamel of the crown is completely formed by age 7 years.
The entire capillary bed may be bypassed by blood flow through arteriovenous anastomoses or through preferential flow through metarterioles.
It divides the joint into two cavities, each of which is furnished with a synovial membrane.
As part of the lymphatic system, lymph vessels are complementary to the cardiovascular system.
The anterior one is known as the palatoglossal arch, and the posterior one is known as the palatopharyngeal arch.
C4 contributes some sensory fibers to the supraclavicular nerves, responsible for sensation from the skin above the clavicle.
Through transmembrane proteins residing in the plasma membrane, the actin skeleton inside the cell is connected to the basement membrane and the cell's exterior.
It is one of the major defining features of the buttocks.
In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle.
The CAZ is seen under the electron microscope to be a dark area close to the membrane.
The mononuclear phagocytic system is part of the organism's immune system.
The perimetrium is the outer serosa layer of the uterus, equivalent to peritoneum.
It may also have a tendency to the left or right.
Thus, although seemingly static and having functions of their own, all of these components function as a single unit.
They are stimulated by a drop in pH to 4 or below in the small intestine's lumen.
In many cases, both of these systems have "opposite" actions where one system activates a physiological response and the other inhibits it.
The interlobular bile ducts carry bile in the liver between the Canals of Hering and the interlobar bile ducts.
A lymph node is enclosed in a fibrous capsule and is made up of an outer cortex and an inner medulla.
The malleus bone bridges the gap between the eardrum and the other ossicles.
The cells also have a secretory role.
In obliquely striated muscle, the filaments are staggered.
It is usually covered by sigmoid colon.
Recent advances in muscle physiology suggest that the perimysium plays a role in transmitting lateral contractile movements.
Structural components of the dermis are collagen, elastic fibers, and extrafibrillar matrix.
There are two groups of muscles of the tongue.
These are all found in the skeletal system of the human body.
The navicular fossa is the spongy part of the male urethra located at the glans penis portion.
The spongy urethra runs along the length of the penis on its ventral surface.
It is an intermediate dilated portion, which curves over the ovary.
From the neck of the malleus, the anterior malleolar fold and the anterior ligament arise, demarcating Prussak's space anteriorly.
They develop dynamically after the activation of follicular B cells by T-dependent antigen.
Estimates regarding the organ's total number of functions vary, but textbooks generally cite it being around 500.
The inner ear is found in all vertebrates, with substantial variations in form and function.
On the inner edge lies a prominent structure, the collarette, marking the junction of the embryonic pupillary membrane covering the embryonic pupil.
The pericardium is a double-walled sac containing the heart and the roots of the great vessels.
The central compartment of the thoracic cavity is the mediastinum.
Smooth and cardiac muscle contracts involuntarily, without conscious intervention.
Urine enters the bladder via the ureters and exits via the urethra.
It originates from the spinal column from below the cervical vertebra 7.
It consists of simple columnar epithelium, lamina propria, and the muscularis mucosae.
Perforating branches of the posterior cerebral and superior cerebellar arteries.
This protein is also found in the hooves and horns of different animals.
When the fetus has developed enough to survive outside the uterus, the cervix dilates and contractions of the uterus propel the newborn through the birth canal.
Gastrin stimulates enterochromaffin-like cells to secrete histamine.
They are often the largest teeth in a mammal's mouth.
Biochemical events lead to characteristic cell changes and death.
In common speech, the word vagina is often used to refer to the vulva or to the female genitals in general.
A flagellum is a lash-like appendage that protrudes from the cell body of certain prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells.
Epithelial tissues line the cavities and surfaces of blood vessels and organs throughout the body.
It is also called the pinna, a term that is used more in zoology.
The extensor retinaculum is an anatomical term for the thickened part of the antebrachial fascia that holds the tendons of the extensor muscles in place.
They are sensitive to length & velocity.
Specifically, cells in this area are modulated by local theta rhythm, and display theta-frequency membrane potential oscillations.
The problems relate to humans' unprecedented use of the tongue, lips and vocal organs as instruments of communication.
The two parts are the zona hemorrhagica and zona cutanea, lined by stratified squamous non-keratinized and stratified squamous keratinized epithelium, respectively.
; temperature, detected by thermoreceptors; and "coolness" and "hotness", through chemesthesis.
They form an essential part of the innate immune system.
It was therefore called by Henle the fenestrated membrane.
The clitoris is a female sex organ present in mammals, ostriches and a limited number of other animals.
In anatomy, a joint capsule or articular capsule is an envelope surrounding a synovial joint.
Respectively, these receptors will increase somatostatin output and decrease somatostatin output from the D cells.
The saccule's normal function is to keep the body balanced, but it is believed to have some hearing function for special frequencies and tones.
It is usually covered by enamel on the crown and cementum on the root and surrounds the entire pulp.
Lactiferous ducts form a tree branched system connecting the lobules of the mammary gland to the tip of the nipple.
In terminologia anatomica, it is divided into fossa supraclavicularis major and fossa supraclavicularis minor
The circular folds are large valvular flaps projecting into the lumen of the small intestine.
Elastic arteries include the largest arteries in the body, those closest to the heart.
Satellite cells are precursors to skeletal muscle cells, able to give rise to satellite cells or differentiated skeletal muscle cells.
These foramina vary in size and number with age.
It normally has a length of about 5 centimeters.
The nuclear membrane also has many small holes called nuclear pores that allow material to move in and out of the nucleus.
If the sinus ostium is blocked this will cause an accumulation of fluid in the sinus.
The name comes from the two structures that the sensation travels up: the posterior column of the spinal cord, and the medial lemniscus in the brainstem.
It is typically located on the right side of the body.
This anatomical structure was first described by Percy Theodore Herring in 1908.
Pia mater is medieval Latin meaning "tender mother".
It is found within the aponeurosis of the external oblique, immediately above the pubic crest, 1 centimeter above and superolateral to the pubic tubercle.
The most common adult renal cancer is renal cell carcinoma.
ESCs have the characteristic properties of a stem cell: self-renewal and differentiation.
The hiatus for lesser petrosal nerve is a hiatus in the petrous part of the temporal bone which transmits the lesser petrosal nerve.
The terms Flechsig's fasciculus and Flechsig's tract are named after German neuroanatomist, psychiatrist and neuropathologist Paul Flechsig.
This duct has the thinnest epithelium of any part of the duct system, and the epithelium is usually classified as "low" simple cuboidal.
These processes are projections from the nerve cell body.
At one part of the mature follicle the cells of the membrana granulosa are collected into a mass which projects into the cavity of the follicle.
The blood cells are mainly red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets.
In addition to rows of cells, the epidermis also contains hair follicles, and two types of sweat glands: sebaceous glands and eccrine glands.
The pancreas  is a glandular organ in the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
The greater sciatic foramen is an opening at the back of the human pelvis.
The obturator canal is a passageway formed in the obturator foramen by part of the obturator membrane.
Cooper's ligaments are connective tissue in the breast that help maintain structural integrity.
The raccoon is usually described as having "hands" though opposable thumbs are lacking.
Tumors arising from these cell are called paragangliomas or pheochromocytomas 
Diagnosis of heart disease is often done by the taking of a medical history, listening to the heart-sounds with a stethoscope, ECG, and ultrasound.
It runs between the vestibular fold, thyroarytenoid muscle, and thyroid cartilage, and is conical, bending slightly backward.
Taste buds are able to differentiate among different tastes through detecting interaction with different molecules or ions.
These functions can be disrupted by degeneration, dislocation, fracture, injury, instability from trauma, osteoarthritis, and surgery.
The female gonad, the ovary, produces egg cells.
For example; fluid from an infected appendix can track up the right paracolic gutter to the hepatorenal recess.
The calcaneocuboid joint is the joint between the calcaneus and the cuboid bone.
It is found at the front of the neck, below the Adam's apple.
It is a vital constitutive part of the oocyte.
The exact mechanisms, location, and function of V4 are still being investigated.
Colles' fascia emerges from the inferior side of the perineal membrane and continues along the ventral penis without covering the scrotum.
It is secreted by both the oocyte and the ovarian follicles.
Most people, but not all, have valves in these particular veins of the face.
Adherens junctions uniquely disassemble in uterine epithelial cells to allow the blastocyst to penetrate between epithelial cells.
The Latin term brachium may refer to both the arm as a whole or to the upper arm on its own.
This complex mechanism illustrates systole of the heart.
The sublingual fovea is a fovea in the mandible for the sublingual gland.
The sigmoid colon is the part of the large intestine that is closest to the rectum and anus.
In addition, it is surrounded by the nerves forming the cauda equina, from which it can be easily recognized by its bluish-white color.
The corresponding junctions that occur in invertebrates are septate junctions.
Stem cells are characterized by their capacity to differentiate into multiple cell types.
In human anatomy, the forehead is an area of the head bounded by three features, two of the skull and one of the scalp.
This pouch is also an important factor in a retroverted uterus, which can frequently complicate pregnancies.
Cranial nerves also supply their own somatic efferent neurons to the extraocular muscles and some of the muscles of the tongue.
In its fully erect state, the shaft of the penis is rigid, with the skin tightly stretched.
The muscular layer is a region of muscle in many organs in the vertebrate body, adjacent to the submucosa.
In the middle line, it is adherent to the skin on the raphe and to the deep layer of the superficial fascia.
Different structures are involved in gas exchange in other vertebrates.
The facet joints, both superior and inferior, are aligned in a way to allow flexion and extension, and to limit rotation.
The lacrimal glands are paired, almond-shaped exocrine glands, one for each eye, that secrete the aqueous layer of the tear film.
Several fascicles may be in turn bundled together with a blood supply and fatty tissue within yet another sheath, the epineurium.
Intrafusal muscle fibers are not to be confused with extrafusal muscle fibers, which contract, generating skeletal movement and are innervated by alpha motor neurons.
In 1962, the World Federation of Radiology defined it as the line between the infraorbital margin and the upper margin of the external auditory meatus.
Lymph is essentially recycled excess blood plasma after it has been filtered from the interstitial fluid and returned to the lymphatic system.
The juxtaglomerular cell is a cell that is located near the glomerulus, hence its name.
The intralobular ducts are usually lined with simple cuboidal epithelial cells that are lined by myoepithelial cells as well.
Important vessels that pass through these bilateral foramina include the superior epigastric arteries as terminations of the internal thoracic arteries, with accompanying veins and lymphatics.
Dissection has been used for centuries to explore anatomy.
When open, the stored and concentrated bile exits into the duodenum.
The right atrioventricular orifice is the large oval aperture of communication between the right atrium and ventricle.
The tectorial membrane is one of two acellular membranes in the cochlea of the inner ear, the other being the basilar membrane.
Medications causing vasoconstriction, also known as vasoconstrictors, are one type of medicine used to raise blood pressure.
A thin vertical mast supported by guy wires is called a guyed mast.
Dissection, is the dismembering of the body of a deceased animal or plant to study its anatomical structure.
It consists of three parts: the vestibule, semicircular canals, and cochlea.
Muscle spindles are sensory receptors within the body of a muscle that primarily detect changes in the length of this muscle.
Secondary tracks may open onto the skin, allowing the cyst to drain a foul smelling discharge, which is known as a pilonidal sinus.
Vesicles are essential for propagating nerve impulses between neurons and are constantly recreated by the cell.
The cysts are the remainder of Rathke’s pouch.
The human eye can differentiate between about 10 million colors and is possibly capable of detecting a single photon.
Chewing, in which food is mixed with saliva begins the process of digestion.
Electrical synapses are often found in neural systems that require the fastest possible response, such as defensive reflexes.
It is also said to lie roughly a hand's breadth beneath the xiphoid process of the human sternum.
Nodes of Ranvier are uninsulated and highly enriched in ion channels, allowing them to participate in the exchange of ions required to regenerate the action potential.
Opossums have 18, whereas armadillos have none.
The inner limiting membrane is the boundary between the retina and the vitreous body, formed by astrocytes and the end feet of Müller cells.
The pylorus, or pyloric part, connects the stomach to the duodenum.
In humans, usually only pubescent or adult males are able to grow beards.
The kidneys also produce hormones including calcitriol and erythropoietin.
Basal and wing cells migrate to the anterior of the cornea, while squamous cells age and slough off into the tear film.
These pockets, or "incisures", can subdivide the myelinated axon into irregular portions.
Paronychia is commonly misapplied as a synonym for whitlow or felon.
The thoracic outlet is the lower opening of the thoracic cavity whose edges are the lowest ribs.
The portion below the vocal folds is called the infraglottic cavity.
In neuroanatomy, the cranial nerve ganglia are either parasympathetic or sensory ganglia of the cranial nerves .
It has also had implications for sciences related to surgery, anatomy, and development.
The aponeurosis of the abdominal external oblique muscle is a thin but strong membranous structure, the fibers of which are directed downward and medially.
The infraorbital vessels are found in the inferior orbital fissure, and travel down the infraorbital groove into the infraorbital canal and exit through the infraorbital foramen.
Joints between costal cartilages of the sixth and ninth rib are plane synovial joints.
anteriorly and inferiorly: by the broad ligament of the uterus
In the fetus, the hyaloid canal contains a prolongation of the central artery of the retina, the hyaloid artery, which supplies blood to the developing lens.
Its cells are ovoid and arranged in clusters or arches.
The interosseous membrane of the forearm is a fibrous sheet that connects the interosseous margins of the radius and the ulna.
The panniculus adiposus is the fatty layer of the subcutaneous tissues, superficial to a deeper vestigial layer of muscle, the panniculus carnosus.
The trigeminal cave is an arachnoidal pouch containing cerebrospinal fluid.
The word comes from the Greek terms περί peri-, meaning "around" and -odont, meaning "tooth".
Very rare deformities of the common bile duct are cystic dilations, choledochoceles, and biliary atresia.
In such cases, this separate bone is particularly referred as Inca bone.
Because the tragus faces rearwards, it aids in collecting sounds from behind.
The antitragus can be much larger in some other species, most notably bats.
It is guarded by the tricuspid valve.
This color change is due to MSH stimulating the dispersion of melanin pigment in dermal melanophore cells.
The structure corresponds to the rectovaginal fascia in the female.
It is thus the valve that diverts passage to either the trachea or the esophagus.
When a lady asked Johnson how he came to do so, he gave the much-quoted reply: "Ignorance, madam, pure ignorance."
To supply nutrients and oxygen to neurons
The triradiate cartilage is the 'Y'-shaped epiphyseal plate between the ilium, ischium and pubis to form the acetabulum of the os coxae.
More specifically, upon activation, satellite cells can re-enter the cell cycle to proliferate and differentiate into myoblasts.
The outermost part of the epidermis is composed of stratified layers of flattened cells, that overlies a basal layer composed of columnar cells arranged perpendicularly.
It is differentiated from the rectum by the transition of the internal surface from endodermal to skinlike ectodermal tissue.
When using standard staining techniques, they cannot be distinguished from each other, and are therefore identified simply as "acidophils".
