An anime feature film based on the novels was also released theatrically in Japan on July 18, 1992.
It was created by Group TAC, and it aired on Kansai TV from October 2, 2003 to March 18, 2004.
A movie as part of the drama was released in Japanese theaters on July 11, 2009.
The complete series was later released as "Excel Saga - Complete Box Set" on July 2, 2007,
Mobile Suit Victory Gundam, is a 1993 Japanese science fiction anime television series.
A live-action television drama adaptation starring Kazuya Kamenashi from KAT-TUN and Meisa Kuroki aired for nine episodes in 2008.
An all-ages consumer port titled Da Capo II: Plus Situation containing additional scenarios was released for the PlayStation 2 in May 2008.
The official English title is KochiKame - Tokyo Beat Cops.
By the early 1980s, faster and more aggressive styles such as hardcore punk, street punk, and anarcho-punk had become the predominant mode of punk rock.
It has been adapted for the screen several times, as anime, live action and video games.
It spawned multiple manga sequels, anime adaptations, video games and other media.
The TV series was also released in Italy under the title Jane e Micci and in France as Nathalie et ses Amis.
The new series premiered airing weekly on Nippon Television and the nationwide Nippon News Network from October 2, 2011.
In the United Kingdom, it was referred to as Sci-Bots on VHS releases.
The manga was originally serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits magazine from 1989 to 1990.
Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha StrikerS is the third season of the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha series.
Xebec produced four OVA episodes of To-Love Ru Darkness and later an anime television series adaptation that aired between October and December 2012.
Fist of the Blue Sky is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tetsuo Hara, with plot supervision by Buronson.
Super Milk Chan is an anime comedy directed by Hideyuki Tanaka and produced by Genco, Suplex, framegraphics and Geneon Entertainment for the 24-hour channel Animax.
The website Crunchyroll purchased the anime's streaming rights and home video rights.
The series has been licensed on February 14, 2008 for a North American release by Media Blasters.
Steel Angel Kurumi is a Japanese manga and anime series following the adventures of its titular character created by Kaishaku.
The game ranked several times in the national top 50 for best-selling PC games sold in Japan.
Super Life-Form Transformers: Beast Wars II is a 1998 Japanese Transformers anime series, spawning a movie and a toyline.
The events take place in the vibrant yet dilapidated underground city of Lux.
The series is licensed in English by Yen Press under the name Sunshine Sketch.
Kenran Butōsai is a simulation game based on Kenran Butohsai.
The anime was later re-broadcast on Tokyo MX from July 1 to September 25, 2008.
Rurouni Kenshin is subtitled "Wandering Samurai" in some English releases.
The series was also later translated and released in several international audiences worldwide in 1990, sometimes under the name Peter Pan: The Animated Series.
It has been serialized in Shōnen Sunday and has been collected in 78 tankōbon volumes.
It followed the manga storyline more closely than the anime series.
Bleach is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tite Kubo.
The series is set in the former city of Shimizu, now part of Shizuoka City, birthplace of its author.
A third season, titled Hidamari Sketch × Hoshimittsu, aired between January and March 2010.
The anime is an adaptation of Konomi's Prince of Tennis Japanese manga series.
was released at the same time as the anime series.
Spiral: The Bonds of Reasoning is a shōnen mystery manga series written by Kyou Shirodaira and illustrated by Eita Mizuno.
and began airing on Japanese TV October 4, 2008.
In August 1987, it was shown in the theater by JapanHerald.
It has been published in Shogakukan's Monthly Sunday Gene-X since 2002, and ten collected volumes have been released so far.
Calling You is a Japanese fictional short story collection written by Otsuichi and published on May 31, 2001 by Kadokawa Shoten.
that focuses on Negi's grandson, Tōta Konoe, and follows a more science fiction-/action-oriented plot.
Although Prester itself is not a representation of Earth, it features technology reminiscent of nineteenth-century Europe at the dawn of the Industrial Revolution.
The series follows Juna Ariyoshi, a high school girl chosen to be the "Avatar of Time" and entrusted with saving the dying Earth.
Dog of Flanders is a 1975 Japanese animated television series adaptation of Ouida's novel of the same name, produced by Nippon Animation.
Scared as they are, all they wish for is that this terror comes to an end.
The films on this page are divided into regions, and within each region the films are listed chronologically by subject matter.
Publications about manga, anime and other media have commented on the Shaman King manga, with positive comments on the series.
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED, Hepburn: Kidō Senshi Gandamu Shīdo) is an anime series developed by Sunrise and directed by Mitsuo Fukuda.
It centers on a fictional police station in Sumida, Tokyo as its officers tackle everyday criminals while keeping people safe.
Cool Devices is a series of animated hentai pornographic videos.
It was remade in color in 1983 and films were released in 1983, 1984, 1985, 2003 and 2004 along with Doraemon films.
In addition, due to copyright concerns, the name of Mitsuo's boss was later changed from "Superman" to "Birdman".
As of 2006, the collected volumes of the manga had sold more than 31 million copies in Japan, making it the fifth best-selling shōjo manga ever.
It is also a comic series in Ninja Hattori; Kenichi really enjoys reading them.
The Rapeman's garb is different in the anime version, as he is dressed in quasi-ninja gear.
Voltes V is the second part of the Robot Romance Trilogy of the Super Robot genre which includes Chōdenji Robo Combattler V and Tōshō Daimos.
A continuation of the TV anime series titled Gintama° began airing on April 8, 2015, and ended on March 30, 2016.
Many of these spirits appear once and never appear again after their chapter of focus.
Plus he has co-authored clever scripts with surprisingly intricate plotlines.
Together they can pilot the Iczer-Robo, a giant humanoid robot.
The manga is licensed for English language release in North America by Viz Media.
Captain Tsubasa, is a popular long-running Japanese manga, animation and video game series, originally created by Yōichi Takahashi in 1981.
Atashin'chi is a comedy manga by Eiko Kera, and an anime adaptation that was produced from 2002 to 2009.
The series also spun into novels, an extra OVA episode, an audio drama, a video game, illustration books and an altered manga adaptation by Takeaki Momose.
Jun Kawagoe is a Japanese anime director.
Soon after, Kimura wrote the seventh book, "Mangetsu no Yoru ni", finally ending the series.
The 108 chapters were collected and published into 12 tankōbon volumes between May 2004 and October 2006.
Machine Robo: Revenge of Cronos, known in France as La Revanche des GoBots, is a Japanese anime television series produced by Ashi Productions.
The Australian VHS version was released by Manga Entertainment and the DVD version by Madman Entertainment under sub-license from Manga Entertainment.
The series is one of the best-selling shōjo manga series of all time, having sold approximately 15 million copies in Japan.
Later, Shueisha collected the chapters and published them in 18 tankōbon volumes.
Bandai Entertainment licensed the first anime series in 2008, but the series went out of print in 2012.
Rec is a Japanese manga about an aspiring voice actress by Q-Tarō Hanamizawa.
A stage musical of the show was produced in December 1993 starring the idol group SMAP.
Saint October is a Japanese anime television series created by Konami Digital Entertainment and animated by Studio Comet.
The manga was originally serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from November 1978 to November 1984.
A computer-animated film adaptation of the same name was released in 2013.
At the end of 2007, Japanese anime fans voted Sola as the best anime of the year.
Kimengumi is a manga series written by Motoei Shinzawa which ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1982 to 1987.
But Mamotte Shugogetten Retrouvailles has yet to get an English release.
Later, a six-episode original video animation adaptation was created based on the novels; the DVDs were released in Japan between February 25 and July 29, 2005.
The manga was released by Seven Seas Entertainment in North America.
Viz Media licensed the novels and the first manga series for release in North America, but stopped publishing both prematurely.
The series is produced by Hasbro Studios in the United States and animated by DHX Media's animation studio in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Both the anime and manga were licensed for North American distribution in English by Viz Media.
Naruto is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto.
Del Rey Manga publishes the English translation of School Rumble.
With the development of the plot, the past and motives of the characters and their relationships with one another are exposed.
The Legend of Snow White is a Japanese anime series produced by Tatsunoko Production and based on the European fairy tale.
Kaiketsu Zorori is a popular Japanese children's book series created by Yutaka Hara and published by Poplar Publishing.
Red Baron is a Japan animated television series directed by Akio Sakai and produced by Nippon TV along with Tokyo Movie Shinsha.
Each episode's ending credits show the characters who appeared along with their names in English, followed by a segment of everyone dancing and having fun.
Gekiganger III was designed to mimic 1970s Super Robots, especially Getter Robo.
The Wicked and the Damned: A Hundred Tales of Karma is a series of short story collections by Natsuhiko Kyogoku.
Despite the common ground, the stories of the game, anime, and manga versions of the Battle Network series all diverge heavily from each other.
A number of video games based on the series have been released for platforms such as the Game Boy, Game Gear, Sega Saturn, and PlayStation.
Yokoyama's sequel to the series, set in a parallel universe, is entitled His Name Is 101.
A live action film by Avex and Media Asia was released in 2005.
The series is around all-female crew of the commercial Warship, the Pascal Magi.
Enter Hans Kleif, Kenji's newest partner and an amnesiac who was recently transferred to Genom City.
The anime series, produced by Xebec, ran for five seasons on TV Tokyo in Japan between March 2002 and September 2006, reaching 209 episodes in total.
The show was Tatsunoko's first attempt at a more adult series.
Two live-action movie sequels to the Japanese television drama, with the same actors, were produced with release dates of 18 December 2009 and April 2010.
A live action film adaptation premiered in Japan on December 21, 2011.
Osomatsu-kun has appeared in numerous special issues of Shōnen Sunday.
Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Swordsman Romantic Story, also referred as simply Rurouni Kenshin and Samurai X, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nobuhiro Watsuki.
×××Holic is a manga written and illustrated by the group of manga artists known as Clamp.
The series has been adapted as an anime television series, entitled Emma – A Victorian Romance.
Kamasutra is originally a four tankōbon manga created by Go Nagai and Kunio Nagatani and published by Tokuma Shoten in 1990.
Takara Tomy developed the Beyblade toy line.
Comic anthologies, light novels and art books have also been published, as have audio dramas and several albums of music.
ABS-CBN network followed by broadcasting the series in Tagalog on January 28, 2006.
It was serialized by Kodansha in the magazine Shōjo Friend from 1975 to 1977.
In North America, the television series was initially licensed by ADV Films and was released in 3 volumes on VHS and DVD.
An _Summer manga one-shot was published in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace magazine about a month before the game's release.
The first anime series was first produced in black and white in 1967.
Apocalypse Zero, known in Japan as Kakugo's Progress, is a manga series written and illustrated by Takayuki Yamaguchi.
The manga was adapted into an original video animation anime feature on December 10, 1987.
is an anime produced by Studio Pierrot.
Casshern also appears in Tatsunoko Fight and Tatsunoko vs. Capcom: Ultimate All-Stars as a playable character.
It aired on Fuji Television in 11 episodes between January and March 1991.
A sequel loosely based on One titled One2: Eien no Yakusoku was produced by BaseSon, another brand under Nexton, and was released in April 2002.
A second, 25-episode anime season by J.C.Staff aired between April and September 2009.
A sequel with different characters, called Finalist, was released a year later, in which each of the female characters was designed by different character artists.
It was published in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday.
Masaki Tsuzuki adapted the series into a novel, which Megami Bunko published in August 2005.
Viz Media began releasing an English translation of the manga in North America on August 12, 2008.
At Comiket 69, Media Factory announced the release of the second season of Genshiken, which was later clarified as being a 12-episode season of Kujibiki♥Unbalance.
It was serialized in Weekly Comic Bunch, a seinen manga magazine, in August 2005 and spanned a total of six tankōbon volumes.
An English dub of the special was released on DVD by Funimation in the United States on November 16, 2004.
Media Factory published 20 volumes between June 2004 and February 2011.
Crest of the Stars is a three-volume space opera science fiction novel written by Hiroyuki Morioka with cover illustrations by Toshihiro Ono.
The game stars Autobot protagonist Ultra Magnus.
The word Xenoglossia in the title is a term taken from Greek for using a language that is completely unknown to the user.
It is the fourth production in the World Masterpiece Theater series.
The series was directed by Hiroshi Negishi and written by Mayori Sekijima and Satoru Akahori.
A complete box set containing both series was previously released in the US on 13 May 2008.
The series, comprising fifty-one episodes, was shown every Saturday on the Japanese television station TV Tokyo from October 2, 2004 until September 24, 2005.
They serialized the manga in their Shojo Beat magazine until the August 2007 issue, while also publishing it in the tankōbon format.
Takahashi's only protection is from a mysterious nude female superhero—the titular Kekko Kamen.
The critically acclaimed series is often referred to as a visually explicit yet humorous and thought-provoking portrayal of the Buddha's life.
Both the manga and anime have been featured, at various times, in "top ten" lists of their respective media.
Since the anime is based on an RPG, several side quests need to be completed before they are able to locate him.
The anime is well known in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Latin America, Quebec, France, Italy, the Arab world, Indonesia and Philippines.
Da Capo II is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Circus which was first released on May 26, 2006 for Windows computers.
You're Under Arrest is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kōsuke Fujishima and was serialized in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine from 1986 through 1992.
The series centers on Yushiro Gowa who pilots a bipedal weapons system known as a TA, short for Tactical Armor.
Nana Komatsu is a small town girl who goes to Tokyo to follow her boyfriend and college friends, with the hope of having her dream life.
The tenth and eleventh OVA were released on May 16, 2014.
It received multiple manga adaptations, as well as video games.
The series is also licensed in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment and in the United Kingdom by MVM Films.
A Japanese television drama series adaptation was broadcast in 2007.
It has been serialized in Weekly Young Jump since 1994, but has gone through many periods of inactivity.
Among critics, Bleach is most commonly praised for its action scenes and art but criticized for its plot elements.
An English language dub, produced by Saban Entertainment, aired in North America between August 19, 2000 and May 19, 2001.
The story focuses on Yuji Sakai, a high school boy who inadvertently becomes involved in an age-old conflict between forces of balance and imbalance in existence.
The project was picked up again and was released on January 18, 2012.
The complete work consists of 28 tankōbon volumes, while years later it was reprinted into twenty-two kanzenban volumes.
The series concluded on May 28, 2012 with Chapter 357, but was continued with a new chapter.
The series consists of 64 episodes and 2 movies.
The anime aired in India as The Monster Kid, which is the official English title.
Against this backdrop, two young Japanese suddenly materialise on the planet: the high-school student Taku Shimamura and his sister Tamaki.
In 1995, the manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.
Two special episodes for the third season aired in October 2010.
All of them coincide with the original manga.
It was released on August 25, 1989 on video in Japan.
The game concludes with an ending specific to the outcome of the story, some of which became notorious for their graphic violence.
The word "Ge Ge Ge" in the title is a cackling noise in the Japanese language.
Morimura also happens to act as the concertmaster for a small amateur orchestra that meets three times a week at the Fujimi Civic Center.
In North America the manga was licensed by Tokyopop and the anime by Geneon USA; the anime license was transferred to Sentai Filmworks in 2009.
It was serialized in Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Big Comic Spirits from 1996 to 1997 and collected in five tankōbon volumes.
Final Approach is a 2004 visual novel that has been adapted into an anime designed by Aoi Nishimata in visual novels, Yukiko Ibe in anime adoption.
Suzuka was serialized in the Japanese magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine published by Kodansha.
Clannad has made several transitions to other media.
The voice actors of the main characters from the first anime television series reprise their roles.
Shinchosha collected the chapters of Brave Story in twenty tankōbon volumes and released them between April 2004 and May 2008.
Positive response have focused on the comedy and characters from the series, while negative responses concern the manga's artwork.
It is based on the Award-winning Japanese comic of the same name created by Michiharu Kusunoki back in 1992.
The first episode aired in Japan on June 14, 2007.
The manga was well received by Japanese-language readers; several volumes have appeared in the top manga sales charts.
It was developed by Alfa System and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Key later released versions of Air without the erotic content, and the game was ported to the Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita.
It is the third installation of the Tenchi Muyo!
A third, 12-episode anime television series by Manglobe, based mostly on an original story not seen in the manga aired between October and December 2012.
Karas tells the story of Otoha, a former yakuza, living in a fictional version of Shinjuku, Tokyo populated by humans and yōkai.
Professional race car driver and pioneer of drifting Keiichi Tsuchiya helped with editorial supervision.
During the 1990s, episodes from both series were dubbed into English by Saban as Eagle Riders.
The series is a parody of Japanese pop culture.
The manga has received two Original Video Animation series based on 3×3 Eyes.
Both the manga and anime have been licensed in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
This manga's characters originally appeared in Ribon Original as quiz column's characters.
He is considered Japan's earliest cyborg superhero, predating even Kamen Rider, and was supposedly the inspiration for RoboCop.
It was produced by Toei Animation, directed by Ashida and aired on Fuji TV from January 5, 1995 to December 27 of that year.
It was published by Shogakukan in 1980–1981 in the magazine Shōjo Comic and collected in five tankōbon volumes.
At the time, he was too busy with the manga "to review the plan cooly [sic]", nor was he serious about an anime adaptation.
It became successful very quickly and became the manga series that Tada became known for in Japan.
There are also two sex manuals and an art book.
The TV series has aired on Comcast's Anime Selects On Demand channel multiple times.
In 2002 Time Asia magazine acclaimed the character as an "Asian Hero" in a special feature survey.
The anime was licensed in North America by Kadokawa Pictures and distributed by Bandai Entertainment; six DVDs have been released between May 2008 and March 2009.
The anime series, special, and OVA were licensed for release in North America by Bandai Entertainment.
Kadokawa Shoten collected and published the individual chapters in 18 tankōbon volumes, with five chapters published in the book "All about Clamp".
Gundam SEED Destiny became highly popular in Japan, having sold over one million DVD volumes and soundtracks topping charts.
On June 23, 2008, the show began airing on Cartoon Network in other parts of Latin America.
A light novel and a video game have also been released based on the series.
The series has been praised for its calm pacing, optimistic worldview, beautiful art, and, for the anime, the quality of the soundtrack.
The series incorporates fantasy and slice of life elements into its tale.
The series premiered in Canada on YTV on 5 July 2006 and is part of the KidSuite package in 2016.
A third season, titled Hidamari Sketch × Hoshimittsu, aired between January and March 2010.
The entire series has a wide range of media, ranging from written prose to a video game and even an anime adaptation.
Sensual Phrase was adapted into six light novels containing side stories from the series.
It was licensed in North America by ADV Films.
Lost was created by Jeffrey Lieber, J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof, who share story-writing credits for the pilot episode, which Abrams directed.
Geist is MD-02, a Most Dangerous Soldier, genetically engineered to function as a killing machine, but every one of the MDS units went homicidally insane.
In 2008, The WallFlower became one of over 30 ADV titles whose North American rights were transferred to Funimation Entertainment.
Touch was one of the winners of the 1983 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen or shōjo manga, along with Adachi's Miyuki.
Three video games have been produced—two for the PlayStation 2 in July 2005 and July 2006, and one for the PlayStation Portable in 2005.
The anime was dubbed and originally licensed in English by Geneon Entertainment in North America; it is now licensed by Funimation.
The manga had to be cut short due to the complete shutdown of Monthly Shōnen Jump.
The series focuses on one STN-J member, Robin Sena.
However, the new figures were only a mild success, and did not remain in production for long.
All four compilations contain three discs, each containing four episodes, save the final discs of the first two compilations, which contain five episodes.
Sci-Fi HARRY is a 1995 manga series by George Iida and Asami Tohjoh which was adapted into an anime series broadcast in Japan in 2000.
Direct-to-video release has also become profitable for independent filmmakers and smaller companies.
Black Jack consists of hundreds of short, self-contained stories that are typically about 20 pages long.
The first two seasons aired on the United States Cartoon Network as part of the Toonami block, while the third season was only featured on DVD.
The series tells the story of Keitarō Urashima and his attempts to find the girl with whom he made a childhood promise to enter Tokyo University.
In a 2006 TV Asahi survey of Japanese celebrities, the Captain TV series ranked 13th in a list of the top 100 responses.
Two special episodes for the third season aired in October 2010.
Ghost movies and shows can fall into a wide range of genres, including romance, comedy, horror, juvenile interest, and drama.
It was published by Shogakukan in their Big Comic Original magazine between 1994 and 2001, with the chapters collected and reprinted into 18 tankōbon volumes.
It is best known for its popularization of the folklore creatures known as yōkai, a class of spirit-monster to which all of the main characters belong.
and Burn Up Excess it is an entirely new series with some new and some old characters, and a very different art style.
It was released on VHS and DVD in North America by Media Blasters.
The series are listed according to the highest sales estimate of their collected tankōbon volumes as reported in reliable sources.
It has also produced a drama CD featuring the voices of Kenichi Suzumura, Junichi Suwabe, and Hiroki Takahashi.
Discotek Media released the first five films in North America in 2014.
It premiered in the United States in April 2005.
The manga by Hiroyuki Sanadura was serialized in the magazine Dengeki Daioh.
Nurse Witch Komugi is an original video animation anime series co-produced by Tatsunoko Production and Kyoto Animation.
3×3 Eyes, pronounced Sazan Eyes in Japanese, is a manga written and illustrated by Yuzo Takada.
An anime began airing in February 2006 that was produced by Studio Deen.
It departs somewhat from its predecessors, however, by lightening the atmosphere with humor, lightly parodying the "tentacle hentai" genre.
There are four OVAs total, three of which continue the same plot, and another that delves into a separate side story.
Three manga adaptations were published by ASCII Media Works.
It mixes both drama and action with some comedy and humor.
Haikara-san ga Tōru, also known as Smart-san or Mademoiselle Anne, is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Waki Yamato.
Touch was one of the winners of the 1983 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen or shōjo manga, along with Adachi's Miyuki.
Machine Robo: Battle Hackers is a Japanese animated television series produced by Ashi Productions.
In July 2007, Kashimashi was Seven Seas Entertainment's best-selling title.
In June, Canadian youth network YTV broadcast MÄR on its Bionix programming block.
This is Thunderbird 5 from Gerry Anderson's Thunderbirds.
The show ran for seven seasons beginning on 29 January 2006 and ending on 30 December 2012.
Monster Shark is a 1984 Italian-French science fiction-horror film directed by Lamberto Bava.
It was later adapted into a live-action television drama series, an anime television series, and an anime film sequel to the television series.
A second season, School Rumble: 2nd Semester, aired between April and September 2006.
Cyborg 009 is a manga created by Shotaro Ishinomori.
The series was originally serialized in Kodansha's Comic Bom Bom magazine from 1995 to 1998; the publisher later collected the individual chapters into seven tankōbon volumes.
Tiger Mask is a Japanese manga series written by Ikki Kajiwara and illustrated by Naoki Tsuji.
Gokudo-kun the Adventurer is a fantasy light novel series created by Usagi Nakamura.
It was directed by Ichirō Itano, and features character designs by Nobuteru Yūki and a musical score by Shirō Sagisu.
The 70-issue series featured a group of vampire hunters who fought Count Dracula and other supernatural menaces.
The 51-episode series was first aired from January 10, 1992 through December 25, 1992.
Crest of the Stars is a three-volume space opera science fiction novel written by Hiroyuki Morioka with cover illustrations by Toshihiro Ono.
There are also many pop culture parodies in the characters, chapter names, episode names, CD covers, and DVD covers of this series.
An all-ages consumer port titled Da Capo II: Plus Situation containing additional scenarios was released for the PlayStation 2 in May 2008.
Her grandfather has promised her that he'll tell her what happened to her parents to encourage her to train and fight.
The series was released in the US by Central Park Media.
He then sets out on his own and winds up facing and destroying the Red Ribbon Army single-handedly.
The series was later released on DVD, however the Japanese versions were simply the American DVD releases encoded to play for Region 2.
It is currently streaming on Crunchyroll, marking the first anime from the Mahoujin Guru Guru franchise to receive an official English release.
The sequel was later redrawn between 2004 and 2005 in a new style by Kanon Ozawa.
It was animated by Toei Animation and broadcast by TV Asahi.
Dogtato-kun is a popular anime in Japan.
The series incorporates fantasy and slice of life elements into its tale.
Shakugan no Shana, also known simply as Shana, is a Japanese light novel series written by Yashichiro Takahashi with illustrations by Noizi Ito.
Filming officially began on 1 April 2011 with locations in Taipei and Tokyo.
In 1997, 2008, 2010 and 2014, it was shown on ABS-CBN.
Its first anime adaptation was a short film animated by Toei as part of Jump Festa in 2002.
Bubblegum Crisis is a 1987 to 1991 cyberpunk original video animation series produced by Youmex and animated by AIC and Artmic.
Comic anthologies, light novels and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several music albums.
The series, which is set in Atlanta, consists of original music, along with musical fantasy sequences, as dreams of the future.
Produced by Studio Deen, the anime series' first season aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April 8, 2008, and July 1, 2008.
A live action film by Avex and Media Asia was released in 2005.
The collected stories are published in English by Tokyopop with the title The Kindaichi Case Files.
The series mainly revolves around the sport of association football focusing on Tsubasa Oozora.
In this version the plot and story were also changed from its original version.
A 12-episode anime adaptation, produced by Shaft, aired in Japan between January and March 2007.
The Kindaichi series, which started serialization in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 1992, is one of the earliest works in the mystery manga genre.
It is also a comic series in Ninja Hattori; Kenichi really enjoys reading them.
The story focuses on a group of teenage girls attending the Catholic Lillian Girls' Academy in Tokyo, Japan.
Mushishi has been adapted into an anime television series by Artland which aired in Fuji Television between October 2005 and June 2006.
Tezuka's childhood memory of his friends pronouncing dorobō as dororo inspired the title of this work.
Various anime, games, manga, and other aspects of pop culture are parodied/referenced throughout the series as a bonus to older viewers.
Two special episodes for the second season were aired in October 2009.
A new manga began in the summer of 2010 by members of Usui's team, titled New Crayon Shin-chan.
By August 5, 2014, Viz Media had released 24 volumes in the United States.
In 2008, the anime became one of over 30 ADV titles transferred to Funimation.
A DVD version was released in early 2001 as a result of a poll conducted by Media Blasters.
When Japan is menaced by Aragami spawned by Yamato-no-Orochi, Momiji is intended to be sacrificed to appease the Aragami.
It was animated by Digital Works, assisted by Phoenix Entertainment.
The series was re-issued by Shueisha in 2007, with all chapters fitting into only 6 volumes, instead of the original 7; all volumes had new covers.
xxxHolic was serialized in Kodansha's Young Magazine periodically from 2003 until March 2010.
A movie, Adolescence of Utena, was released in theatres in 1999.
Battle B-Daman is a manga series by Eiji Inuki which ran in CoroCoro Comics by Shogakukan from 2002 to 2005.
Samurai X: Reflection, known as Rurouni Kenshin: Seisōhen in Japan, is the second OVA series of the Rurouni Kenshin anime television series, acting as its sequel.
The character and conceptual art was contributed by Yoshitaka Amano.
An anime OVA was announced by Media Factory, and premiered in Japanese theaters on November 12, 2011.
The series premiered January 5, 2005 on TV Tokyo in Japan.
Last Exile aired on TV Tokyo between April 7, 2003 and September 29, 2003.
They were followed by Goat and Cheese on December 21, 1989 and Catch the Heart on December 27, 1989.
Mahoromatic is a sci-fi romantic comedy manga and anime series which contains elements of the literary genre of tragic dramas.
Maison Ikkoku is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi.
Its airing time was 18:00-18:30 on Fridays.
It has been serialized in Young Animal since 1997, with the chapters later combined into tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha, of which to date there are seventy-one.
Tide-Line Blue is a Japanese anime series created by Satoru Ozawa and Umanosuke Iida for Bandai Visual and Telecom Animation Film.
Di Gi Charat is a Japanese manga and anime series created by Koge-Donbo.
In Latin America and Spain, the series was known as Samed, el duende mágico and in France and Quebec as Sablotin.
Initial D is a Japanese sports manga series written and illustrated by Shuichi Shigeno.
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is an original video animation adaptation of Hirohiko Araki's manga series of the same name, JoJo's Bizarre Adventure.
Companies have developed thousands of types of merchandise, such as video games, and a light novel.
The story was adapted into an anime series by Toei Animation.
Gary Barlow, Kelly Rowland and Tulisa joined the panel in series 8 as replacements for Cowell, Minogue, and Cole.
There are 15 choices for him to make, some are his classmates and some have to be met in the city.
It was simultaneously released as a manga by Kiyoko Arai.
It chronicles the efforts of the mysterious and secret Hellsing Organization, as it combats vampires, ghouls, and other supernatural foes who threaten England.
It first appeared as a serial in the monthly manga magazine Comic Gum from March, 2000 to March 27, 2008.
Tokyopop then acquired the English-language rights to Aqua as well as Aria.
The English version of the song is performed by the character's English voice actress, Shannon Chan-Kent.
The English release of the manga has been reprinted many times.
Although it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga in 1985, it has received mixed reviews from critics.
The show was directed by Kusaba Kouzo and screenplay adapted by Man Shimada, with character designs by Ooshiro Katsu.
A twenty-four episode anime adaptation of the manga series, produced by Xebec, aired in Japan from April 19, 2000, to September 27, 2000.
Four video games have been released for the Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita.
Sorachi added the science fiction setting to develop characters to his liking after his editor suggested doing a historical series.
The series will continue running on the bimonthly seinen manga magazine Dengeki Moeoh.
The story is about three orphaned sisters who have, through a mysterious twist of fate, inherited their very own god - the 18 metres-tall Neo Ranga.
Both the manga and anime have had positive response from critics, who praised its connections to previous works and its artwork.
The third anime season was also licensed by Media Blasters, but it is now licensed by Funimation.
Although it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga in 1985, it has received mixed reviews from critics.
It is the third series based on the Darna graphic novels by Mars Ravelo.
The series premiered in Young King Ours in 1997 and ended in September 2008.
Released in 1963, the first series was among the first Japanese anime series to feature a giant robot.
Bludgeoning Angel Dokuro-Chan is a Japanese light novel series written by Masaki Okayu and illustrated by Torishimo.
Trapp Family Story is a Japanese anime series by Nippon Animation.
Violence Jack is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Go Nagai in 1973.
The second was broadcast on TV Asahi from September 2, 1980 to September 28, 1982.
s-CRY-ed, also known as s.CRY.ed or Scryed, is a 26 episode Japanese anime television series which first aired in Japan on TV Tokyo and Animax.
In 2008, GoLion was released on Region 1 DVD in three volumes.
Eureka Seven, known in Japan as Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven, is a 2005 Japanese anime series created by Bones.
Garouden is a series of Japanese martial arts novels by Baku Yumemakura.
The story was a romantic comedy taking place in historical China, and it was quite risqué for its time.
A new series was announced in June 2008, however no further information has been released.
Last Order's soundtrack was released with the music of Before Crisis, and select songs were later remixed for Crisis Core.
After an immortality elixir is recreated in 1930 Manhattan, the characters begin to cross paths, setting off events that spiral further and further out of control.
The series follows a similar plot of the games, but there are many differences.
The series is based on the manga by Megumu Okada.
Takahashi's only protection is from a mysterious nude female superhero—the titular Kekko Kamen.
It follows the teenage romance between Kira Aso, an introverted artist, and Rei Kashino, a troubled playboy who is a professional motorcycle racer.
The anime series won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize in 1981.
He is most known for his roles in Saint Seiya, Sakigake!!
Funimation Entertainment licensed the anime for English release.
The anime has been dubbed in Korean, Thai, Finnish, Hungarian, Danish, Norwegian, and Swedish.
Sentai Filmworks has licensed all four seasons of the anime.
In addition, several soundtrack albums of classical music have been released, as well as three video games.
God Mazinger, also known as Majin Densetsu is an anime, manga and novel series created by manga artist Go Nagai.
Starship Troopers is a six-part anime OVA produced by Sunrise/Bandai Visual and released in 1988.
Yu Yu Hakusho has been watched by a large number of television viewers in Japan and a wide range of age groups in the United States.
Moeyo Ken was created by Hiroi Oji, creator of the Sakura Wars series, with character designs by Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Ranma 1/2 and Inuyasha.
Elfen Lied is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Lynn Okamoto.
The eight volumes were localized for North America by Tokyopop; Madman Entertainment used Tokyopop's translations for distribution in Australasia.
Other merchandise include video games and a light novel.
Since BOOK TWO refers to the second half of the Ys I series, the Ys II anime was named Castle in the Heavens.
Later, Shueisha collected the chapters and published them in 18 tankōbon volumes.
Peacemaker Kurogane is a historical fiction manga series written and illustrated created by Nanae Chrono.
Duel Masters is a franchise based on a manga, anime and a trading card game.
The show originally aired from April 6, 1995 through March 28, 1996 on the anime satellite channel Animax and on the regular cable channel TV Tokyo.
There are also four animated short films.
It revolves around criminals using robots to save innocents in exchange for years being cut from their long prison sentences.
A Steam version was released on February 2, 2016.
A third anime season, also produced by Arms, aired on AT-X between June and August 2008, spanning twelve episodes and featuring an all-new plotline and characters.
It was serialized in the Kodansha publication Weekly Shōnen Magazine from May 2003 until October 2009, and was collected in twenty-eight tankōbon volumes.
School Days was remastered as School Days HQ on October 8, 2010 and localized in North America on June 27, 2012.
Predominantly a parody of other "save the world" anime, there are fight scenes throughout the story.
It was originally serialized in Big Comic Spirits from 1999 to 2006, with the 249 chapters published into 22 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
is an animated television series produced by Bandai Entertainment, Xebec, and Studio Galapagos.
In the US, Flint the Time Detective aired from March 5 to November 5, 2000 on Fox Kids.
It aired on KBS2 from January 5 to March 31, 2009 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 22:00 for 25 episodes.
Filming officially began on 1 April 2011 with locations in Taipei and Tokyo.
A condensed film adaptation, Persona 4: The Animation -The Factor of Hope-, was released in Japanese theaters in June 2012.
The anime premiered on TBS on October 13, 2001 and ran until September 28, 2002.
Stainless Night is a Japanese erotic anime with futanari themes directed by Ryunosuke Otonashi.
Gag Manga Biyori is a manga serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump until July 2007 when the magazine ceased to publish.
A drama CD was released in February 2008 with an original story.
Trinity Blood has been adapted into both manga and anime series, with continuity differences between the three versions.
In 2006, Tokyopop released the manga in the United States under the name Someday's Dreamers: Spellbound.
Most notably, several of the show's recurring motifs were recycled in Toei's Sailor Moon, AIC's Pretty Sammy, and Wedding Peach.
Honey and Clover is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Chica Umino.
The chapters have been adapted into an original video animation produced by Anime International Company, and an anime series which aired from 2005 to 2006.
Funimation Entertainment purchased the rights to several of the television specials and films in 2002, and the fourth television series in 2012.
Mobile Suit SD Gundam is a series of animated shorts released in theaters and as original video animation between 1988 and 1993 by Sunrise.
Tokyo Mew Mew is a Japanese shōjo manga series written by Reiko Yoshida and illustrated by Mia Ikumi.
The production was in association with ADV Films and Kadokawa Shoten.
Set in the far future, the series tells the story of Cobra, who lives an adventurous life until his enemies begin to hunt him down.
The manga was well received by Japanese-language readers; several volumes have appeared in the top manga sales charts.
In 1964, there was a feature-length animated movie called Mighty Atom, the Brave in Space released in Japan.
An animated feature film adaptation, written and directed by Yasuhiko, was released in 1986.
In North America, the English dub was presented as a sequel to the previous two series, Transformers: Armada and Transformers: Energon.
Chibi Maruko-chan was adapted into an anime television series by Nippon Animation, which originally aired on Fuji Television from January 7, 1990 to September 27, 1992.
An English adaptation of the first manga was serialized in Raijin Comics under the English title Guardian Angel Getten.
The series is licensed in English by Yen Press under the name Sunshine Sketch.
A Steam version was released on February 2, 2016.
There is a catch, however: Sano attends an all-boys high school named Osaka Gakuen and Mizuki must disguise herself as a boy to enter.
The series had also received video game spin-offs for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, and mobile phones.
It was released on July 27, 2007 for Windows PCs and is rated for all ages.
Both the novel and manga adaptations were given an English language release in North America by Tokyopop.
In January 2013, she joined HKTV, then returned to TVB in March 2015.
The show began airing on the satellite network WOWOW on April 5, 2007 at 11:30 p.m. JST.
The series had additional English adaptations with G-Force: Guardians of Space and ADV Films' uncut 2005 release.
However, it was removed from Toonami's schedule on June 9, 2007, and was also removed from Toonami Jetstream after episode fifty's broadcast on December 3, 2007.
Tsubasa was conceived when four Clamp artists wanted to create a manga series that connected all their previous works.
The series is characterized by dynamic and exciting football moves, often stylish and implausible.
A 12-episode anime adaptation, produced by Shaft, aired in Japan between January and March 2007.
JDS Haruna, on which Hongou lands on to refuel in Episode 3, is a real ship of the JMSDF.
The story is loosely based on the Chinese novel Journey to the West.
The Amazing Spider-Man was shown in the United States from September 19, 1977 to July 6, 1979.
The English release of the manga has been reprinted many times.
In Japan, Sōten Kōro was advertised by its publisher as "Neo-Sangokushi", which may be translated as "Neo Romance of the Three Kingdoms".
There were two anime OVA adaptations of the game, a two-episode hentai OVA in 2002, and Mizuiro 2003, a two-episode non-hentai OVA in 2003.
The Manga is first serialized in Shueisha's monthly Margaret magazine from July to November 1967, marking as one of Japan's first Magical Girl series produced.
The original game was officially discontinued April 21, 2011.
With his last summer in high school quickly approaching, Takumi decides to find someone to like by the end of summer vacation.
Great Teacher Onizuka, officially abbreviated as GTO, is a Japanese shōnen manga written and illustrated by Tooru Fujisawa.
It is the fourth installment of the Tenchi Muyo!
Kamikaze Girls, originally released in Japan as Shimotsuma Story–Yankee Girl & Lolita Girl, is a 2002 light novel written by Novala Takemoto.
Shizuku-chan is a children's manga and anime series.
Although created as a parody of Superman, the character's creators appear to have distanced themselves from this origin story.
Ufotable produced a series of seven anime films based on the series between 2007 and 2009, and also produced an original video animation episode in 2011.
Intent on eliminating the human race, Dorothy faces some stiff competition from Rion Steiner, a teenager with superhuman powers.
The games are built on the NScripter game engine and are playable on the Windows operating system.
New episodes were released twice a month.
It is based on a softcore erotic manga by Tetsu Adachi.
Cosplay Complex is a comedy anime original video animation that is centered on the after school cosplay club at East Oizumi Academy.
Gyo, fully titled Gyo Ugomeku Bukimi in Japan, is a horror seinen manga written and illustrated by Junji Ito.
The manga was licensed and released by CMX beginning in 2005, which came under criticism by fans for editing its sexual content.
He is one of the titular karas, humans appointed as superpowered agents of the land.
The Windows version was localized in English by MangaGamer in 2009.
Ecstasy was later ported to the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, and PlayStation 3.
In November 1993, an audio drama entitled Erogenous Dark was released focusing on a time period left unexplored in the original novels.
It was later adapted into two erotic OVA series and a 13 episode-long television series.
Her plans for evading their pursuit grow increasingly convoluted, even involving taking on alternate identities.
A manga version drawn by Nana Mochizuki was serialized in Media Factory's manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive between August 2006 and October 2009.
In 2013, a second manga adaptation started serializing at Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine, with illustrations by Hiromu Arakawa.
During the late 1960s, manga featuring demons was popular among kids.
In Japan, the manga sold over 16 million copies; over 1 million anime DVDs were also sold.
The English-language dub aired on Adult Swim's Toonami block in America between October 2015 and April 2016.
It is loosely based on the storyline of the first manga series with new characters added to the story.
Tetsujin 28-gō is a 1956 manga written and illustrated by Mitsuteru Yokoyama, who also created Giant Robo.
Bartender is a Japanese manga series written by Araki Joh and illustrated by Kenji Nagatomo.
A final anime film was produced and released in 2013.
One: True Stories was later licensed for English language distribution by Media Blasters.
Transformers: Victory is an anime series produced by Toei Animation.
It was licensed for North American release by Viz Media.
Aside from the game, multiple series of light novels have been created, and a manga adaptation started in March 2007.
Produced by Toei Animation, the series premiered in Japan on Fuji TV on February 7, 1996, spanning 64 episodes until its end on November 19, 1997.
The film was released straight to television in the United States by AIP-TV.
Maison Ikkoku has been both critically and commercially successful, with over 25 million copies in circulation.
It was broadcast on the Nagoya TV and TV Asahi networks weekly from February 6, 1982, to January 29, 1983.
Rio is also a member of a super-secret squad known as "the Warriors".
Hunter × Hunter is an original video animation series in the Hunter × Hunter media franchise.
As of 2014, the series had sold over 157 million copies, making Kochikame one of the best-selling manga series in history.
The series premiered on NHK from April 4, 1983 to March 30, 1984, spanning a total of 130 10-minute episodes.
Canard is searching for Kira Yamato, the successful Ultimate Coordinator, so that he can defeat him and prove he was not a "failure".
It received a manga adaptation split in two series the second of which is still being published.
Yugi awakens a gambling alter-ego within his body that solves his conflicts using various games.
The original series, movie, and Leave it to Piyoko!
Talented and hard-working, Hiroko's colleagues refer to her as Hataraki Man because of her dedication to her job.
Clamp created xxxHolic link the supernatural and fantasy series.
Haré+Guu is a Japanese anime, based on an original manga which ran in Monthly Shōnen Gangan.
It is the residence of the demon king.
The series was licensed for an English-language release by Viz Media and published in North America starting in 1990.
There are 148 manga series from which 80 series are completed and 68 series are in ongoing serialization.
The manga originally ran in Kodansha's monthly manga anthology Afternoon from April 2002 to May 2006, and has been reprinted in nine bound volumes.
Miyuki is a romantic comedy manga series by Mitsuru Adachi.
The opening theme was "Where Have My Dreams Gone" sung by Linda Yamamoto.
Maria-sama ga Miteru, often shortened to Marimite, is a Japanese light novel series written by Oyuki Konno with illustrations by Reine Hibiki.
The series began as a manga first serialized in January 2003.
Gun Sword aired, in English, on Animax Asia in March 2007.
The manga has been well received by both Japanese and English readers and has appeared in various rankings of bestselling books.
Kannazuki no Miko is a yuri manga series created by Kaishaku.
The anime was originally licensed by Geneon USA.
A Windows version and a sequel, Shusaku, were released in 1997.
The Legend of Condor Hero is a Japanese/Chinese anime adaptation of The Return of the Condor Heroes, a wuxia novel by Louis Cha.
Hotman was aired 2003 and Hotman 2 was aired 2004 in Japan by TBS.
This card game is not to be confused with the cards used for the arcade machines.
A second season, subtitled "The Second Barrage", ran for twelve weeks starting on October 2, 2006.
It premiered on November 1, 2003, on Japan's NHK BS Hi-Vision satellite service.
In Japan, the Eyeshield 21 manga has sold over 20 million volumes.
The Dōkyūsei series is 13 adult dating sims by ELF Corporation.
The format allows locations localised on one map to be found on another map to which the data have been transferred.
Akane Maniax 〜Nagareboshi Densetsu Gouda〜 is a visual novel released for the PC by âge.
Three Japanese radio dramas based on the series, titled Sentimental Night, Kaettekita Sentimental Night, and Only Sentimental Night 2 were produced.
Because inferior sequels or prequels of larger-budget films may be released direct to video, review references to direct-to-video releases are often pejorative.
Nana Komatsu is a small town girl who goes to Tokyo to follow her boyfriend and college friends, with the hope of having her dream life.
Muv-Luv and its sequel Muv-Luv Alternative have since been adapted into three manga series by MediaWorks and are serialized in the manga magazine Dengeki Daioh.
Character designs were done by Kōsuke Fujishima who came up with the concept and idea for the show.
The English adaptation of the series has been licensed by Geneon Entertainment.
An anime adaptation, titled La Corda d'Oro: Primo Passo, was first broadcast by TV Tokyo from October 2006 to March 2007.
It received the 2004 Kodansha Manga Award for best shōjo manga.
Aim for the Ace!, known in Japan as Ace o Nerae!, is a manga series written and illustrated by Sumika Yamamoto.
This is the first ever DVD release in the US.
The three volumes published by MediaWorks between 2001 and 2003 were translated by ADV Manga between 2004 and 2005.
The Swiss Family Robinson: Flone of the Mysterious Island is an anime series produced by Nippon Animation.
It chronicles the efforts of the mysterious and secret Hellsing Organization, as it combats vampires, ghouls, and other supernatural foes who threaten England.
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED: Special Edition are three special edition movies that were released following the conclusion of Gundam SEED.
A manga adaptation by Asuka Izumi was serialized in Hakusensha's shōjo manga magazines LaLa and LaLa DX between May 2005 and February 2007.
The DAICON III and IV Opening Animations from the early eighties are also featured in this OVA.
He had a music video company Harder/Fuller Films, from 1985 to 2005.
The show became the longest-running primetime medical drama in American television history.
An anime has since been adapted from the manga and began airing in Japan on April 5, 2006, produced by the Japanese animation studio, Studio Deen.
The series has been gaining popularity in the West since the release of Tales of Symphonia, which is still considered one of its most popular titles.
Galactic Whirlwind Sasuraiger is an anime series that aired from 1983 to 1984 in Japan.
It has been published in Shogakukan's Monthly Sunday Gene-X since 2002, and ten collected volumes have been released so far.
Wild Arms: Twilight Venom is a Japanese animated television series based on the Wild Arms series of video games.
The story has also been adapted into anime and a live-action television series.
In 2013, Akamatsu began a sequel/spin off titled UQ Holder!
Gag Manga Biyori is a manga serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump until July 2007 when the magazine ceased to publish.
The teachers are constantly looking for ways to torture or humiliate the students, and from this the teachers derive sexual satisfaction.
Oku-sama wa Mahō Shōjo: Bewitched Agnes is a magical girl anime comedy.
The original anime ran for 94 episodes from 1969 to 1970.
The series first aired on April 1, 2007 and ended on September 30, 2007, with 26 episodes.
Speed Grapher is a 2005 anime series created by Gonzo.
The tokusatsu series from 1972 is especially popular in Hawaii.
Bush Baby, Little Angel of the Grasslands, shortened as The Bush Baby, is the title of a 1992 anime series consisting of forty 25-minute episodes.
These were aired across Japan by Fuji Television, Animax, and the South Korean kids channel Cartoon Network Korea.
There is an excerpt that appears in the sixth Kramer's Ergot comics anthology which is the only example of Tagawa's work published in English.
Shadow Skill is a shōnen series which features Styles of combat, such as martial arts.
The manga is published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten, and in English originally by Tokyopop, but has since been re-licensed by Dark Horse Comics.
In 2005, Production I.G adapted the manga into an animated film, which was followed by two anime television series, and various original video animations.
There is also a manga adaptation, which is published in English by VIZ Media.
The English La Verite anime is licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America.
Following the game's release, Kanon made several transitions into other media.
The title comes from the nine members of a baseball team.
It was serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump from September 1974 to February 1978, with the chapters collected into five tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
It was shown as a double bill with a Maison Ikkoku movie.
Discotek provided both the Japanese audio with English subtitles and the original English dub from the 80s, which was previously released on VHS.
Agent Aika is an adventure anime OVA series produced by Studio Fantasia, and directed by Katsuhiko Nishijima.
Haré+Guu is a Japanese anime, based on an original manga which ran in Monthly Shōnen Gangan.
Private Psycho Lesson is a hentai anime created by U-jin in 1996.
Paradise Kiss occurs in the same universe as Yazawa's previous work, Neighborhood Story, which has not yet been published in English.
The sequel was later redrawn between 2004 and 2005 in a new style by Kanon Ozawa.
The main robot of the anime wears a maid uniform and rabbit ears as accessories.
Two sets of drama CDs were produced, one by Wayuta and the other by Frontier Works.
It departs somewhat from its predecessors, however, by lightening the atmosphere with humor, lightly parodying the "tentacle hentai" genre.
As of June 2017, the manga has sold over 416 million copies worldwide, making it the best-selling manga series in history.
In Japan, the manga sold over 16 million copies; over 1 million anime DVDs were also sold.
Initial D has been adapted into several anime television and original video animations series by OB Studio Comet, Studio Gallop, Pastel, A.C.G.T and SynergySP.
However, the series is described as having issues with pacing.
It first aired as six eight-minute episodes in 1999 as one third of the show Modern Love's Silliness.
Cross Game is the story of Ko Kitamura and the four neighboring Tsukishima sisters, Ichiyo, Wakaba, Aoba, and Momiji.
Comic anthologies and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several albums of music.
It has no ongoing plot and typically focuses on the daily lives of the characters.
An eight-episode OVA series, Denshin Mamotte Shugogetten was released in 2000.
It has been made into a 41-episode anime series and an 11-episode television drama series, H2: Kimi to Ita Hibi, directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi.
The first manga of the series was published in 2001 as Dogs: Stray Dogs Howling in the Dark.
The voice actors of the main characters from the first anime television series reprise their roles.
It has also spawned numerous games, animated films and merchandising, as well as a second TV series running from 1995 to the present.
Several OVAs were also released, including Macross 7: Encore and later, Macross Dynamite 7.
He was also a member of the former Junio Brain Trust.
In an interview, the author's widower, Shigeru Nishikawa, revealed that the manga's intended finale was to be conceptualized in the anime for the first time.
Several specials, OVAs, and movies have been adapted as prequels, sequels and alternate stories.
News that a sequel to the manga series was going to be developed was announced in the December issue of the Japanese manga magazine Jump Square.
A number of non-broadcast Japanese audio dramas have also been produced.
He works with his friend, Kana Mizuhara, combining his deductive skills with Mizuhara's social gifts.
Several soundtrack albums were released, as well as three Azumanga Daioh video games.
Murata's other major work is his illustration of One's One-Punch Man, serialized in the Weekly Young Jump online version.
The first movie was released on February 22, 1981.
About.com's Deb Aoki lists Black Jack as the best "re-issue of previously released material" of 2008.
Noir is a 26-episode Japanese anime television series produced in 2001 by the Bee Train animation studio.
A third, 12-episode anime television series by Manglobe, based mostly on an original story not seen in the manga aired between October and December 2012.
Ikki Tousen, also known as Battle Vixens in North America, is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuji Shiozaki.
The TV drama tells the story of Comet, one of the princesses of the Triangle Nebula who came to Earth in search for the missing prince.
It was licensed for North American release by Funimation Entertainment, with the first DVD being released in February 2008.
Tekkaman Blade is a 1992 Japanese anime television series produced by Tatsunoko Production and Sotsu Agency.
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is currently Shueisha's second largest manga series with its chapters collected into 119 tankōbon volumes and counting.
The American translation is imported to Australia by Madman Entertainment.
The original judging panel consisted of Louis Walsh, Sharon Osbourne and Cowell.
The manga was originally serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from July 2002 to June 2009.
Lastly, a TV drama which aired on TV Tokyo was produced between January and March 2007, containing twelve episodes.
The manga has been licensed and published in English by Tokyopop, as well as a light novel.
It mixes both drama and action with some comedy and humor.
The same plot and characters were used.
The second OVA ended on January 25, 2008, and the third and final OVA started on April 25, 2008.
A 49-episode anime series based on the manga was created by Toei Animation, and aired from 1996–1997 on TV Asahi.
Nana Osaki was in a popular punk rock band in her hometown.
Machiko Soga was the voice of Qtarō.
The series was also adapted as a 30-episode live-action television series that was broadcast in Taiwan in 2002.
The style of art resembles Ryoichi Ikegami's works such as Crying Freeman or Sanctuary.
It is licensed for English language home video release in the United Kingdom, Australia, and North America by Fabulous Films.
The official English name is Meet the Boneheads.
The anime is technically based on the PlayStation game, even though the anime started airing before the game was officially released.
Viz Media publishes an English edition in North America.
Lovedol ~Lovely Idol~ is the title of a Japanese series which focuses on a group of young girls who are striving to become famous Japanese idols.
The Candidate for Goddess is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yukiru Sugisaki.
Maze the Megaburst Space is a fantasy light novel series featuring both sex-based humor and mecha themes.
The series was licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America and by Kazé and Manga Entertainment in the United Kingdom.
A twenty-four episode anime adaptation of the manga series, produced by Xebec, aired in Japan from April 19, 2000, to September 27, 2000.
Tales of Symphonia and its sequel was collected as a PlayStation 3 high definition release in Tales of Symphonia Chronicles in 2013.
Kizuna: Bonds of Love is a yaoi manga, authored by Kazuma Kodaka.
These shorts star the Tachikoma "think-tanks" from the main series, and they typically relate directly to the story of the preceding Stand Alone Complex episode.
Likewise, the rainbow is an important image.
The script was co-written by Dardano Sacchetti, based on a story idea contributed by Luigi Cozzi and producer Sergio Martino.
As of January 15, 2008, a total of four DVD compilations, containing the first fifty episodes, have been released by Viz Media.
It was published by Shueisha in the Omoshiro Book as a supplement.
The first was broadcast for 167 episodes on Yomiuri TV and Nippon TV in Japan from October 16, 2000 until September 13, 2004.
However, it was illustrated by Kōichiro Hoshino instead of Nobuyuki Anzai.
The anime was later re-broadcast on Tokyo MX from July 1 to September 25, 2008.
The series was discontinued after 13 volumes.
It was adapted into a live-action TV drama which aired on TV Asahi in 2005.
Bandai released the Complete Collection DVD set in America on October 7, 2008.
The Doraemon manga series was first published in December 1969 in six different magazines.
In a review of the anime by Mania Entertainment, the series is thought to be "very predictable and bland."
Itazura na Kiss was first serialized and published in 1990 by Shueisha through Margaret magazine.
It was written and directed by Yasuhiro Imagawa.
Rurouni Kenshin is subtitled "Wandering Samurai" in some English releases.
Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Swordsman Romantic Story, also referred as simply Rurouni Kenshin and Samurai X, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nobuhiro Watsuki.
The game was positively received in both sales and popularity.
The second, with the exclamation mark, was a 107-minute remake of the first and was released on July 25, 1992.
Prior to the series, a theatrical short and an original net animation were also produced.
A two-episode OVA was released in 1994, chronicling his exploits in the first volume of the manga.
The series is licensed in North America by Bandai Entertainment.
On June 2, 1947, the series was transferred to CBS Radio, before starting on June 30, 1952, on CBS Television.
They are Sengoku, an anti-social maverick, Gogol, a mohawk wearing hacker, and Benten, an androgynous bishōnen.
The manga combines erotic elements with factual and informative statistics.
A new anime series continuing after the events in the Gintama° anime series, named Gintama.
The series depicts the daily life of a robot who runs a coffee shop some time after the Earth's ecology has collapsed.
which parodies the genres of tokusatsu, kaiju, and superheroes; mainly themes from the Ultra Series and Kyodai Hero subgenre.
An additional OVA was released on November 27, 2013.
Slayers is a Japanese light novel series written by Hajime Kanzaka and illustrated by Rui Araizumi.
An anime television series version ran for 47 episodes in 1996/1997 on TV Tokyo.
The series is characterized by its art style, which draws from Japanese manga and anime, and its action-based fighting system called the "Linear Motion Battle System".
A six episode original video animation sequel, Gate Keepers 21, was released in 2002.
It lasted for four seasons, with a total of 193 episodes, the final episode presented on New Year's Eve 1966.
Kōga plans to end the manga at fifteen volumes.
The first volume was released in June 2006.
A sequel, Gravitation EX., was published in the web magazine Genzo from 2004 to 2009 and returned in 2011 to Web Spica.
The first adapted stories from the manga that were not featured in the anime, while the second was a sequel to the manga.
The title comes from the nine members of a baseball team.
It first appeared in Weekly Shōnen Jump, in 1988, and continues to be published irregularly today in Ultra Jump.
The manga series was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine from 1996–2000 and compiled in 23 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
It has been remade twice, in 1988 and in 1998.
Pale Cocoon is a one-off OVA anime written and directed by Yasuhiro Yoshiura, and released on 18 January 2006.
On November 9, 2008, Death Note began airing weekly, at 3:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time, starting with episode 1, "Rebirth", on Adult Swim.
A 26-episode anime adaptation aired in 2006 and is licensed in North America by Funimation.
A second, 25-episode anime season by J.C.Staff aired between April and September 2009.
It roughly covers most of the material found in volumes 1 and 3 of the manga.
The series was announced for North American release by Funimation on February 19, 2009.
Lucky Star is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga by Kagami Yoshimizu.
In 2012, a crossover movie retelling the Macross 7 events by Macross F characters, Macross FB 7: Ore no Uta o Kike!, was released.
The Tōei version of the character himself is named Pero, after Perrault.
The series is based on the manga Shoot!
The manga was adapted into a 22-episode anime television series produced by Toei Animation which aired from 1998 throughout 1999.
An anime adaptation by Tokyo Movie Shinsha aired 50 episodes from October 2006 to September 2007.
The manga was originally serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits magazine from 1989 to 1990.
The remaining five films were released by AnimEigo in North America and MVM Films in the United Kingdom.
Mizuiro Jidai is manga series which was serialized in 1991 by Shogakukan Inc. in the shōjo manga magazine Ciao.
It aired on TV Asahi from July 2, 2008 to September 24, 2008.
AiCherry produced a DVD Player Game version of Canvas 2 on November 28, 2008.
Happy Town is an American drama television series that premiered on Wednesday, April 28, 2010, and ended on June 16, 2010, on ABC.
A few of the sagas from the manga were adapted in three independent OVAs released in 1986, 1988 and 1990.
Viz Media released the manga series in English in North America starting in 1999.
The story is based on the novel "Pinocchio" by Italian author Carlo Collodi.
In 2004, Wedding Peach| Young Love was released, a compilation of Wedding Peach stories made specifically for the monthly magazine Shogaku Sannensei.
The story continues from where it left off in volume 42.
It is usually classified as humorous space opera.
A five-part animated erotic direct-to-video series was adapted from the game's story.
Fate/stay night is a Japanese visual novel developed by Type-Moon, which was originally released as an adult game for Windows.
Lastly, a TV drama which aired on TV Tokyo was produced between January and March 2007, containing twelve episodes.
He was born in Ōmuta, Fukuoka prefecture, Japan.
AIC and KSS were the animation production companies in charge of Iczelion.
Daphne in the Brilliant Blue is a manga series and an anime television series.
As a result, Gawl, Koji, and Ryo—three young scientists from a future period—have traveled back in time to undo this mistake.
Super Dimension Fortress Macross is an anime television series from 1982.
Gamers opened a store in the United States in 2001, Anime Gamers, that is located in Los Angeles.
Haikara-san ga Tōru, also known as Smart-san or Mademoiselle Anne, is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Waki Yamato.
This is a convention where various artists gather together to share both parody, homage, and original work.
A film adaptation of the series, Last Exile -Fam, The Silver Wing-: Over the Wishes, was released on February 6, 2016.
Shrine of the Morning Mist is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hiroki Ugawa.
The manga was adapted into an anime OVA series.
The manga resumed regular serialization in 2012 to commemorate the 20th anniversary.
Jushin Liger is an anime superhero TV series created by Go Nagai.
An anime television series adaptation by Madhouse, titled Parasyte -the maxim-, aired in Japan between October 2014 and March 2015.
It takes place in the same fictional universe as many of Clamp's other manga series, most notably xxxHolic.
Maison Ikkoku is a bitter-sweet comedic romance involving a group of madcap people who live in a boarding house in 1980s Tokyo.
Gankutsuou's unusual visual style layers Photoshop textures into digital animation, with backgrounds often rendered in 3D.
Morimura also happens to act as the concertmaster for a small amateur orchestra that meets three times a week at the Fujimi Civic Center.
The anime originally aired in Japan on WOWOW from August 19, 2006 to February 2, 2007.
The trailer showed mainly scenes from episode 1 of the game where Laharl is awakened by Etna and he challenges Mid Boss in his castle.
In some of these countries, the contents of the OVAs have caused censorship issues, while in Australia the second OVA was banned altogether.
Silent Möbius is a twelve-volume manga series created by manga artist Kia Asamiya.
On January 25, 2017, a fourth season was announced, adapted from the Dreams saga.
It uses uncropped live photos for backgrounds, and its sound effects are completely out of synch with the animation.
A nine-episode anime adaptation by Shaft aired between February and March 2006; an original video animation episode was also produced.
A bonus fan disc called Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Rei was released on December 31, 2006.
A new anime adaption titled Time Bokan 24 has been announced for October 2016.
Gin'yū Mokushiroku Meine Liebe is a series of dating sims by Konami for the Game Boy Advance and PlayStation 2.
It first aired in Britain on Toonami, where it ran between May 11, 2005 and October 5, 2005.
An anime series was created and ran for 26 episodes on TV Tokyo from October 5, 1999 to March 28, 2000.
It was adapted into a 2001 anime television series by TMS Entertainment titled Project ARMS.
Samurai Deeper Kyo was serialized from October 15, 1999 to May 10, 2006 in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine, and collected over 38 volumes.
A special sound stage, under the name of StrikerS Sound stage X was released on October 29, 2008.
The Otoboku anime was generally panned in reviews at Anime News Network where the series was described as "cruelly unimaginative" with "obnoxious quirks and technical shortcomings."
The films and most OVAs from the series were also released by Viz, with the first film premiering in movie theaters.
Michael John Douglas, known professionally as Michael Keaton, is an American actor, producer and director.
In 2012, comiXology acquired the digital distribution rights to Shotaro Ishinomori's catalogue.
It is the second Zoids series created, based on the range of mecha models produced by TOMY.
A second season aired between July and September 2010.
Fortitude is a British sci-fi psychological thriller television series created and written by Simon Donald.
Kirarin Revolution is a Japanese shōjo manga by An Nakahara.
This is a list of chapters of the manga Wild Adapter, written by Kayuza Minekura and published by Tokuma Shoten in the Chara bimonthly magazine.
In 2015, a sequel series, Return Racers, began serialization in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Aniki magazine, 20 years after the original series' serialization.
A light novel and a video game have also been released based on the series.
The series follows the adventures of the protagonist Usagi Tsukino, a middle school student who is given the power to become the titular Sailor Soldier.
The character designs in the anime are by Takahiro Komori, who is also known for the designs on another anime series, Cowboy Bebop.
Because of the sexual content the series was one of the manga placed on "Harmful manga" lists by local and national governmental agencies.
In the reprint of the first Moetan book and the bath towel sold during Comic Market 69, "MOETAN" stands for 'Methodology Of English, The Academic Necessity'.
The English subtitled version was released in 1995 and distributed by Central Park Media and U.S. Manga Corps.
Yuji Moriyama, also known as Yuji Motoyama, was born on January 6, 1960 and is an anime character designer and animator.
Ultimate Stars, a fighting game for the Nintendo DS released in November 2006, has three participants from Ninku, including Fuusuke as a selectable fighter.
Fuji became an enka singer and is the mother of singer Utada Hikaru.
Space Battleship Yamato is a Japanese science fiction anime series featuring an eponymous spacecraft.
Like Maeda's other hentai series, La Blue Girl features a large amount of tentacle rape.
The King of Fighters: Another Day is an animated series based on the popular fighting game series The King of Fighters.
A new anime series continuing after the events in the Gintama° anime series, named Gintama.
Najica Blitz Tactics is an anime television series by Studio Fantasia.
Other Sailor Guardians join her in search of Princess Serenity and the Silver Crystal.
The manga and anime have been featured at various times in weekly top ten lists of best-selling in their respective media.
The manga series has been licensed for an English-language release by Dark Horse Comics.
Aniplex of America streamed and simulcast the series in North America on Anime News Network.
A 13-episode anime adaptation produced by J.C.Staff aired between July and October 2003, on AT-X and other channels.
The first OVA series was directed by Satoshi Saga and released in eight episodes among four volumes from January 17 to April 17, 2002.
There is an excerpt that appears in the sixth Kramer's Ergot comics anthology which is the only example of Tagawa's work published in English.
Geneon licensed and dubbed 79 episodes of the second television series, 26 of which were broadcast on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim during 2003.
A live action film by Avex and Media Asia was released in 2005.
Tenjho Tenge was serialized in the magazine Ultra Jump from 1997 to 2010, and collected into 22 volumes by Shūeisha.
It has been dubbed into French, Italian, Korean and Chinese.
It has been published in English by Dark Horse Comics.
Two light novels based on the series, written by Chabō Higurashi with illustrations by Aoki, were released in 2007.
It was created by Tooru Fujisawa while he was still working on Great Teacher Onizuka.
A sequel titled Fushigiboshi no Futagohime Gyu!
In the anime, all of the Transformers are computer-generated, while the humans and backgrounds are rendered in traditional cel animation.
The manga based on the first game, Medarot, was never translated into English.
Imanishi's Sonic Boom Squadron explores the last hours of an Yokosuka MXY7 Ohka pilot on August 6, 1945.
The first series was released on DVD in the UK on 18 May 2009.
English adaptations of other Fist of the North Star media have been licensed to other companies, including the TV series and the 1986 film.
Yasuhiko is the chief director of the adaptation, with Sunrise veteran Takashi Imanishi as director, and Katsuyuki Sumisawa as the scriptwriter.
Yokohama Kaidashi Kikō is a science fiction manga written and illustrated by Hitoshi Ashinano.
follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios and courses of interaction and focuses on the appeal of the female main characters.
To date, only 15 episodes of the series have officially been released with English subtitles on three DVDs by Central Park Media.
In October 1996 the Saber Marionette J anime series aired.
Devil Hunter Yohko is an anime series created by Madhouse, produced by Toho, and released in North America by ADV Films.
The Super Dimension Cavalry Southern Cross is a Japanese science fiction mecha anime TV series released in 1984, as the third of the Super Dimension series.
The anime has been licensed in the US by SoftCel Pictures.
The success of the series spawned several sequel series.
The drama and manga versions have considerable differences from the original novel.
TV Tokyo broadcast a 26-episode anime program between October 2004 and April 2005.
ADV Films said the series was one of their bestselling and "most notorious" releases of 2005.
The manga was adapted into an anime television series by Sunrise Studios in 1987.
It was directed by Ryousuke Takahashi, who also co-created the series along with Sunrise.
The company was headed by Atsumi Tashiro until Tashiro's death in July 2010.
The series is set in the former city of Shimizu, now part of Shizuoka City, birthplace of its author.
The tankōbon volumes of the manga have sold over 140 million copies worldwide, making it the seventh best-selling manga series.
It has no ongoing plot and typically focuses on the daily lives of the characters.
The first seven were directed by Takao Nagaishi and the final two were directed by Naoki Uesugi.
was released for the PlayStation 2 on July 31, 2008.
The novels are written by Koh Akizuki, and feature an amateur orchestra, its concertmaster and its conductor.
Zenki is a Japanese manga series written by Kikuhide Tani and illustrated by Yoshihiro Kuroiwa.
Blue Seed is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuzo Takada.
A 49-episode anime series based on the manga was created by Toei Animation, and aired from 1996–1997 on TV Asahi.
Cowboy Bebop explores philosophical concepts including existentialism, existential ennui, and loneliness.
The series originally started serialization in volume seventeen of ASCII Media Works' now-defunct light novel magazine Dengeki hp on April 18, 2002.
Urotsukidōji is a Japanese erotic horror manga series written and illustrated by Toshio Maeda and a series of original video animation anime releases.
A common theme throughout the story deals with the hardships of life and how people must deal with them in their own way.
Great Mazinger is a manga comic book and anime television series by manga artist Go Nagai.
A TV film and an OVA were also produced.
On 3 March 2007, the full length featured film had its theatrical premiere at Cinema Rise in Shibuya, Tokyo.
Saban's distribution rights to the series expired in 2002.
Love Hina is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ken Akamatsu.
Plus he has co-authored clever scripts with surprisingly intricate plotlines.
It was made into a live-action film in 2007.
Two manga adaptations were published by ASCII Media Works in Dengeki Daioh and Dengeki Maoh.
The story follows Chihaya Kisakinomiya, an androgynous male, who transfers into the all-girls school that was the setting of Otoboku.
The series has made use of butterflies as the main theme, whilst GoGo!
Kizuna has also been adapted into a drama CD in 1998, and into three original video animations.
A sequel to the anime series titled Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's produced by Seven Arcs premiered in Japan on October 2005, broadcast on Chiba TV.
The first five volumes were published in the now-defunct adult manga magazine Pulp, and the rest were released afterward under Viz's Editor's Choice line.
Batman is a 1960s American live action television series, based on the DC comic book character of the same name.
It was serialized in LaLa from 1996 to 2005 and collected in 21 tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha.
Two special episodes for the second season were aired in October 2009.
Secondo Passo was meant strictly to promote the video game.
The continuation of the story has also been released in a variety of other media.
The show was released on several DVDs between 2006 and 2007 in Japan, and was licensed and distributed in Taiwan and several Nordic countries.
One Piece Film: Z is a 2012 Japanese anime fantasy action adventure film directed by Tatsuya Nagamine.
Hotman is a Japanese manga by Sho Kitagawa which was serialized in Young Jump magazine from 1994 to 1997.
At Otakon 2013, Funimation Entertainment had announced that they have rescued My-Otome, along with a handful of other former BEI titles.
Mitsuru Adachi wrote a manga series based on the show which was serialized in TV Magazine Otomodachi from 1972 to 1973.
The third and final installment in the National OVA series contains seven episodes spread across four DVDs released from April 25, 2008 to January 23, 2009.
It first began airing on TV Tokyo between October 5, 2008 and December 28, 2008.
Since its release, Ergo Proxy has received mostly favorable reviews which praised its visuals and themes.
Soon after, Kimura wrote the seventh book, "Mangetsu no Yoru ni", finally ending the series.
Literally translated, the title means "Bluer Than Indigo".
My Dear Marie is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sakura Takeuchi.
When "Arashi no Yoru ni" was published in 1994, Kimura had no plans to continue the story as a series.
However, in 2008, it became one of more than 30 titles that were transferred to Funimation Entertainment.
Much of the staff that created the game later became the founding members of the visual novel brand Key.
UFO Warrior Dai Apolon was a Japanese anime series aired from 1976 in Japan.
The U.S. marketing strategy of The King of Fighters: Another Day was far less accessible.
It was published in North America by Viz Media under the title of Ultimate Muscle.
The story follows Chihaya Kisakinomiya, an androgynous male, who transfers into the all-girls school that was the setting of Otoboku.
It was the first color animated television series created in Japan.
Anime Network shows both Hoshizora Kiseki and Coffee Samurai.
A 24-episode anime television series based on the manga ran from 2003 to 2004 on Fuji TV.
The anime was licensed in North America by Illumitoon Entertainment, who only released one DVD containing 4 episodes with an English dub track.
A PlayStation 2 video game was released in March 2006, and it was ported to the Nintendo DS in March 2007.
It would be from the uncut, remastered, anamorphic telecline print used for the Japanese DVD release.
For this reason, many scenes are seen twice, from different perspectives, and some episodes are out of sequence, although there is a slow general time progression.
Kotencotenko replaces the previous anime series: Onmyou Taisenki on the TV Tokyo Thursdays 06:00pm – 06:30pm slot.
However, for that very reason the series is cited as a milestone in its long-running franchise and ultimately proved very popular in the region.
The Familiar of Zero is a fantasy and comedy-oriented series of Japanese light novels written by Noboru Yamaguchi, with illustrations by Eiji Usatsuka.
The sixth and seventh OVA were released on November 18, 2013.
The serialization of the new Kindaichi series started in 2004, but not on a regular basis until 2012.
A new anime series continuing after the events in the Gintama° anime series, named Gintama.
Chapters are collected and published in collected volumes by Hakusensha, concluding with nineteen volumes released in Japan.
The story follows Ichika Tachibana's life over a summer holiday when she meets Manatsu Kuroki.
A second film was released in 2014.
Certain people are strong enough with the aura-energy to act as power-supply to these mecha, making them Aura Warriors.
Individual chapters are published on Monthly Dragon Magazine, followed by a paperback compilation released by Fujimi Shobo's Fujimi Fantasia Bunko.
The word Stellvia is composed of two Latin words, stella meaning star(s) and via meaning street or road.
A number of radio drama episodes and a two episode OVA have been produced.
There is an excerpt that appears in the sixth Kramer's Ergot comics anthology which is the only example of Tagawa's work published in English.
It was produced by Tokyu Agency and animated by Wako Productions.
is a Japanese manga series about gaming written and illustrated by Kazuki Takahashi.
Two light novels based on the series, written by Chabō Higurashi with illustrations by Aoki, were released in 2007.
A second season aired between July and September 2010.
The original series, 4 specials and the Winter Garden special are now licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
Medarot Damashii, a thirty-nine episode sequel to the anime series that was produced by Production I.G, aired from July 7, 2000 through March 30, 2001.
Fafner in the Azure is a 2004 Japanese mecha drama anime series produced by Xebec in collaboration with Starchild Records.
The series was released in North America by Super Techno Arts.
A manga of the same name by Shiho Komiyuno ran in Shueisha's Ribon magazine between July 2006 and June 2007.
An additional OVA episode dubbed "Episode 26" was later released only on DVD on February 22, 2006 which featured Art from Type-Moon.
Akio Nojima is a Japanese voice actor, actor and narrator from Nishitōkyō, Tokyo.
The first sound novel was released on an LP record, and was based on the first volume of the Iczer-1 manga, entitled Golden Warrior Iczer-One.
The Tomb of Dracula is a horror comic book series published by Marvel Comics from April 1972 to August 1979.
The series won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize for the second half of 1980.
In 2008, the show became one of the ADV titles transferred to Funimation Entertainment.
In 2010, Alexandre Aja announced that a live-action film was in production.
Instead it is a new character named Masane.
In order of introduction they are: Saiki Misaki, Mitsuru and Souichirou.
Bye Bye, Lady liberty was the first television special in the Lupin III franchise.
However, it was removed from Toonami's schedule on June 9, 2007, and was also removed from Toonami Jetstream after episode fifty's broadcast on December 3, 2007.
In this series, the elite team at Watcher's Nest is traveling through time, fighting the Ghoul at different times during Earth's history, mostly in Japan.
Funimation licensed the anime series for North American broadcast in 2003 under the name Case Closed with the characters given Americanized names.
In April 2006, an original video animation continuation of the anime began to be released on DVD.
A final anime film was produced and released in 2013.
In 2014, she was announced as the voice of Chibiusa a.k.a.
The manga was adapted into an anime series directed by Takayuki Hamana, animated by Trans Arts and co-produced by Nihon Ad Systems & TV Tokyo.
The manga series lasted from 2001 through 2007, divided into two separate sections with a distinct difference in humor and plotting.
!CPU" by Kaoru Shintani, published by Hakusensha in Young Animal and as 3 tankoban under the Jets Comics banner.
Boys Over Flowers is a 2009 South Korean television series starring Lee Min-ho, Ku Hye-sun, Kim Hyun-joong, Kim Bum, Kim Joon and Kim So-eun.
First serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from October 22, 2002 to July 23, 2008, all 345 chapters were later collected in 22 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
A PlayStation game called Spriggan: Lunar Verse was also based on the manga with some material created for the game.
Discotek provided both the Japanese audio with English subtitles and the original English dub from the 80s, which was previously released on VHS.
Star is an American musical drama television series created by Lee Daniels and Tom Donaghy for Fox.
Genshiken is a manga series by Shimoku Kio about a college club for otaku and the lifestyle its members pursue.
A live action film adaptation of the same name is scheduled for release in Japan in 2017.
The first season garnered an estimated average of 16 million viewers per episode on ABC.
Trava: Fist Planet is an anime OVA released by Grasshopa!
Many production credits for the English-language dubbed release were missing.
Trust & Betrayal was later collected into a two-hour feature-length motion picture with new animated sequences and released theatrically in Japan.
It was screened at the Waterloo Festival on November 16, 2006.
The Calling You manga only includes the first two stories of the novel, and makes some changes to both of those stories.
In a review of the anime by Mania Entertainment, the series is thought to be "very predictable and bland."
Nanako is a classic ditzy slapstick protagonist who tends to accidentally break things and do everything wrong.
The series showed the extended adventures of the Little Prince, Swifty The Space Bird, and the Rose Girl.
Tsuyokiss Nigakki is the sequel to Tsuyokiss, available for PC, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable.
A fourth anime season aired between April and July 2013.
Nightwalker incorporates elements of the horror, detective story and vampire genres, and is critically noted as a vampire story "with a bit of a twist".
The game was revealed in JAMMA 2005 and is available in Japanese and English versions.
Additionally, AIC has developed two OVAs and a film, and OLM, Inc. has also developed an anime series as well.
An English language version of the first season, produced by 4Kids Entertainment, aired in North America in 2005.
Gasaraki is a mecha anime television series produced by Sunrise.
Its sequel series, Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2, ran as a simulcast on JNN stations from April 6, 2008 to September 28, 2008.
It contained 24 episodes, with the last airing on March 30, 2007.
The second was broadcast on TV Asahi from September 2, 1980 to September 28, 1982.
Two sequels have been produced, both currently unlicensed in English regions.
Two special episodes for the second season were aired in October 2009.
There is a catch, however: Sano attends an all-boys high school named Osaka Gakuen and Mizuki must disguise herself as a boy to enter.
The Japanese DVDs were released on 25 July 2003.
An anime television series adaptation produced by MAPPA and Studio VOLN began airing on July 3, 2015, and finished airing on June 24, 2016.
Shinzo, known as Mushrambo in Japan, is an anime television series produced by Toei Animation.
It was published by Shueisha in the magazine Ribon from May 1992 to October 1995 and collected in eight tankōbon volumes.
Critics praised the manga as a cute and entertaining series with free-flowing style and character designs.
Calling You was released to theaters on June 13, 2007, while Kids was released on February 2, 2008.
He meets several girls and slowly regains his lost memories.
The anime series Excel Saga, is an adaption of the manga by Rikdo Koshi.
Fairy Tail is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima.
Ojarumaru is a Japanese Yonkoma manga series created by Rin Inumaru, serialized in Shogakukan's Shojo magazine Ciao from 1993 until its cancellation in 2006.
The series premiered on December 14, 2016.
Baldr Force is a 2D action-shooter game and eroge visual novel with fast action and detailed sprite characters.
However, when Beans Ace ended, the manga was moved to Monthly Asuka.
In Japan was the series was broadcast on Japan's Fuji TV network from February to July 1991.
In addition to publishing the individual volumes of the series, Viz serialized its first chapters in their Shonen Jump manga anthology.
As of January 2012, the franchise generated $5 billion in merchandise, making Dragon Ball one of the most merchandisable anime based media franchises of all time.
The show is the originator of the international The X Factor franchise.
On the same day, North American anime licensor Sentai Filmworks announced their license to the anime which was later released on 20 June 2017.
The TV series was also directed by Satoshi Dezaki.
The series follows a catgirl named Di Gi Charat "Dejiko" who was adopted as the mascot of Broccoli's retail chain store, Gamers.
Although the manga would grow a cult following, it was the anime which became notorious.
The series used to be streamed in North America via Yomiura Group's now defunct Anime Sols video service in spring 2013.
He is most known for the roles of Saga in Saint Seiya and the Japanese voice of KITT in Knight Rider
The OAVs were distributed in Japan by Shōnen Gaho-sha and JVC and in North America by U.S. Manga Corps under a single title.
In the Philippines, reruns of the show were broadcast on GMA Network in 1992, and on ABS-CBN in 2015.
Gyagu Manga Biyori is known for its hyperactive, random, and nonsensical style that revolves around various plots and characters throughout the series.
Dragon Ball is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama.
There, he meets rival TA pilot Miharu, with whom he seems to share a deep spiritual bond.
It consisted of several English-language science fiction serials from the United Kingdom and New Zealand.
The manga was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine between April 24, 2006 and August 31, 2009, and the chapters collected into 18 tankōbon volumes.
Hell Girl, also known as Jigoku Shōjo: Girl from Hell, is an anime series produced by Aniplex and Studio Deen.
It was serialized between May 2002 and February 2006 in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion and was collected in 17 volumes.
A spin-off anime series, Brave Witches, began airing in Japan from October 2016.
The production of the series' Go games was supervised by Go professional Yukari Umezawa.
The name Mila came from the immensely popular Italian version of 1984's Attacker You!, in which the main character, You Hazuki, was renamed Mila.
Shingu aired from May 8, 2001 through December 4, 2001 on NHK.
Kite, known as A Kite in Japan, is a Japanese anime OVA written and directed by Yasuomi Umetsu.
Spriggan was serialized in Shogakukan's manga magazines Weekly Shōnen Sunday and Shōnen Sunday Super from 1988-1996.
It was first released on May 28, 1999 for the PC with adult content, but re-released with it removed for the Dreamcast, PC, and PSP.
The manga won the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen in 1978.
Merchandise has been released, including models, CD soundtracks and video games.
Tactics is a Japanese manga series written as a collaboration between Sakura Kinoshita and Kazuko Higashiyama.
In North America, this was released on VHS by Central Park Media under the "Rumik World" series.
The Rapeman's garb is different in the anime version, as he is dressed in quasi-ninja gear.
The project revolves around a group of high school girls in the year 2035 when the birth rate has dropped dramatically.
Funimation licensed the film and the first TV series in North America, and released both of them in DVD as well as Blu-ray Disc.
is a manga series by Clamp which premiered in Monthly Sunday Gene-X in January 2005.
Barefoot Gen is a Japanese manga series by Keiji Nakazawa.
Nodame Cantabile is a manga by Tomoko Ninomiya.
It debuted on the WOWOW TV network in Japan on June 14, 2007 and ran 12 episodes.
It has been adapted into an anime series by Toei Animation and was aired in Japan from June 2006 until September 2006.
Futakoi Alternative is a Japanese anime series by ufotable.
The whole series was streamed in English by Crunchyroll, while Sentai Filmworks licensed the series, with distribution from Section23 Films on DVDs.
It is also known as "UFO Senshi Dai Apolon", "UFO Soldier Dai Apolon", "UFO Robo Dai Apolon", "Dai Apolon", "Shadow World".
It was broadcast on Japanese television from October 5, 1975, to February 27, 1977, and lasted 74 episodes.
It takes place ten years before Agent Aika and follows the story of Aika's first mission when she is 16 years old.
Popotan is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Petit Ferret with character designs by Akio Watanabe under the alias Poyoyon Rock.
Cyborg 009 is a manga created by Shotaro Ishinomori.
A DVD version was released in early 2001 as a result of a poll conducted by Media Blasters.
Directed by Hiroyuki Tanaka, the series premiered in Japan on NTV on April 3, 2007 and ran until September 25, 2007.
In 2001, ADV Films re-released the entire series on a 2-Disc DVD edition.
A second series, Picchipichi Shizuku-chan, ran from October 2012 to September 2013.
It contained 13 episodes, with the last airing on June 27, 2006.
This 26-episode TV series was originally a Japanese/French co-production created by Jean Chalopin and directed by Takehiro Miyano.
The same company published Lion Books II in Weekly Shōnen Jump in the 1970s, which would commonly be referred to as The New Lion Books.
Two OVAs were released on December 16, 2011, and January 18, 2012.
Special A has been licensed for English-language release in North America by Viz Media and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
The original manga was adapted into a live-action drama for Fuji Television in 1969 entitled Flower Action 009ノ1.
The anime is an adaptation of Chikako Urano's 1968 volleyball manga serialized in Weekly Margaret Magazine under the same name.
Producer William Winckler, known for Tekkaman the Space Knight, wrote, produced and directed the English films, which are seen on broadband in Japan.
The series also spawned a live-action drama special starring Misaki Ito and Sachie Hara.
Obake no Q-tarō太郎, Obake no Kyū-tarō), by Fujiko Fujio, is a Japanese manga about an obake, Qtarō who lives with the Ōhara family.
In March 2008 Japan's Foreign Ministry appointed Doraemon as the nation's first "anime ambassador."
Its original creator was Ryōsuke Takahashi who served as the director.
This is a list of media from the Japanese science fiction series RahXephon.
The series was described by Vertical marketing director Ed Chavez as "technically sound" and "heartfelt" during its initial assessment.
Gamers opened a store in the United States in 2001, Anime Gamers, that is located in Los Angeles.
The series was re-run on AT-X in 2008 and 2009.
The manga series' title, とらぶる, is the English gairaigo "trouble" and "rabu" is the English loan word "love".
Captain Tsubasa, is a popular long-running Japanese manga, animation and video game series, originally created by Yōichi Takahashi in 1981.
A PlayStation 2 version was first announced to be released on March 13, 2008, but was later delayed for an August 7, 2008 release.
In 2010, Alexandre Aja announced that a live-action film was in production.
In Japan, a total of eleven volumes were published first by Biblos and then by Libre Publishing between December 1992 and September 2008.
The anime is based on the epic novel Nansō Satomi Hakkenden written by Kyokutei Bakin during the latter half of the Edo period.
PlayStation Vita ports for Muv-Luv and Muv-Luv Alternative have also been announced by âge.
The series mainly revolves around the sport of association football focusing on Tsubasa Oozora.
Discotek Media has since re-licensed the series for a DVD release in 2014.
Matthew Erickson is a Canadian voice actor who works for Ocean Studios in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and the Calgary, Alberta-based Blue Water Studios.
There are also two sex manuals and an art book.
The show originally aired from April 6, 1995 through March 28, 1996 on the anime satellite channel Animax and on the regular cable channel TV Tokyo.
Tezuka considered Phoenix his "life's work"; it consists of 12 books, each of which tells a separate, self-contained story and takes place in a different era.
This show originally aired on the FoxBox on September 14, 2002, and was discontinued from their lineup on August 30, 2003.
The music was written by Czech composer Karel Svoboda.
Akihabara@Deep was adapted into a manga a year after the novel's publication.
Their aim to qualify for, and ultimately to win, the final rounds of the tournament which is held each year at the Koshien Stadium.
Dai-Guard is an anime television series, produced and animated by XEBEC, and directed by Seiji Mizushima.
Kōryū Densetsu Villgust is an RPG that is only available in Japan for the Super Famicom.
The ninth and final volume was released in Japan in December 2006.
Critics have praised the series for its strong characterization, even among peripheral characters, and for its emphasis on romance and emotion over sexuality.
The chapters of You're Under Arrest have been collected in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Violinist of Hameln is a fantasy adventure manga created by Michiaki Watanabe.
The series is available on DVD containing two to three episodes each.
The anime has been watched by a large number of television viewers in Japan, helping to raise American football's popularity in the country.
Most of the surviving human race has moved to Second Earth, a huge space station that orbits the planet.
Media Blasters's AnimeWorks brand released Ninku: The Movie together with Yu Yu Hakusho: The Movie in North America in 1998.
The anime aired in India as The Monster Kid, which is the official English title.
The OVA comprises two episodes, Rusty Angel and Tears Sign, that serve as a compressed preview for the manga.
The game concludes with an ending specific to the outcome of the story, some of which became notorious for their graphic violence.
A sequel was released in 2005 called Canvas 2: Niji Iro no Sketch ～虹色のスケッチ～.
Sam the Olympic Eagle was the mascot of the 1984 Summer Olympics which were held in Los Angeles.
In 2008, an SP manga was out, featuring some of Yankumi's old students who are by now working adults.
Three of the children are siblings while the fourth is their friend and neighbor.
Three additional chapters were published in Shogakukan's Monthly Shōnen Sunday in May 2009 to celebrate the manga's tenth anniversary.
The title is a shortening of the club's official name, Gendai Shikaku Bunka Kenkyūkai, or "The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture".
An additional OVA was released on November 27, 2013.
The Tokyopop editions ended with volume 10.
The novelization was published in 1984 and lasted 10 volumes.
The story was adapted into an anime series by Toei Animation.
0verflow would then go on to produce multiple sequels including a spin-off of the original story called Summer Days, and a parallel story called Cross Days.
A live action film adaptation of the same name is scheduled for release in Japan in 2017.
Tomie is a Japanese horror manga series written and illustrated by Junji Ito.
Many artbooks, figures, and fan-made homages have been produced for it.
The series was called "Nave Anti-Espacial" in many Spanish-speaking countries.
The games are built on the NScripter game engine and are playable on the Windows operating system.
Zetsuai 1989 is a Japanese yaoi manga known for its melodramatic, almost operatic plot, its "semi-insane characters", and for the controversial style of its artwork.
The creators of the main character were Nino Pagot, Toni Pagot and Ignazio Colnaghi.
Casual sex is sexual activity that takes places outside of a romantic relationship and implies an absence of commitment, emotional attachment, or familiarity between sexual partners.
The manga won the 2004 Kodansha Manga Award for general manga.
A set of five drama CDs were produced between October 2006 and August 2007 by Wayuta.
At the end of Chapter 358, the author of the manga told readers to look forward to more Air Gear.
Xebec produced a thirteen episode anime adaptation directed by Tsuyoshi Nagasawa, unrelated to the OVAs.
On November 29, 1996, KSS released the first chapter of a three-part original video animation.
Her function, besides being a household maid, is the collection of male genetic material through sexual means, after which it is saved, possibly for species preservation.
It was shown on NHK from January 3 to November 28, 2010 spanning 48 episodes.
It became successful very quickly and became the manga series that Tada became known for in Japan.
Kan Tanaka is a Japanese voice actor affiliated with 81 Produce.
They have been adapted as a feature film, a manga by Keisuke Itagaki, and two video games.
In real life, the name has been used by a succession of Japanese professional wrestling characters as a gimmick.
A six-part original net animation was produced in 2003, with a seventh episode included on the DVD release.
The title is a shortening of the club's official name, Gendai Shikaku Bunka Kenkyūkai, or "The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture".
The anime series, as well as their specials, are licensed and distributed in North America by Sentai Filmworks with English subtitles.
The series depicts the lives and relationships of a group of art school students who live in the same apartment building.
The English dub is notable for featuring real life porn actresses Jenna Jameson and Nikki Dial.
Pretty Cure 5 is a Japanese anime series and the fourth installment in Izumi Todo's Pretty Cure franchise produced by Toei Animation.
The series follows a young inventor named Jean and a former circus performer named Nadia, who wishes to return to her home in Africa.
Doraemon is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Fujiko F. Fujio.
Akitaro Daichi is an anime director, producer, and photography director.
An anime series of the same name was produced by Gonzo.
The fourth anime installment will feature 6 new episodes, and 6 'reminiscence' episodes.
The show originally aired from April 6, 1995 through March 28, 1996 on the anime satellite channel Animax and on the regular cable channel TV Tokyo.
A four-volume original video animation series was produced from 2002 and 2004.
He is best known for illustrating the American football manga Eyeshield 21, in collaboration with writer Riichiro Inagaki.
The story revolves around Yu Narukami, a young teenager who moves to the town of Inaba, where a mysterious string of murders is taking place.
Touch was one of the winners of the 1983 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen or shōjo manga, along with Adachi's Miyuki.
The anime series, as well as their specials, are licensed and distributed in North America by Sentai Filmworks with English subtitles.
The series aired on TV Asahi between February 2007 and January 2008 and was followed by a sequel season, Yes!
It has been often stated to be a perverse version of Ah!
When Mizuki joined forces with manga artist Yumiko Igarashi, the Japanese magazine Nakayoshi became interested in Candy Candy.
Inside, he finds Mazinkaiser, the most powerful robot ever built.
A second anime season produced by Arms aired on AT-X between February and May 2007, spanning twelve episodes.
An anime adaptation entitled Love Get Chu: Miracle Seiyū Hakusho aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April 4 and September 27, 2006, containing twenty-five episodes.
It was aired on Chiba TV from April 8, 2006 to July 1, 2006 and afterwards got a second season, Himawari!
The novels are written by Koh Akizuki, and feature an amateur orchestra, its concertmaster and its conductor.
It was released in 1992, and consists of four 50-minute episodes.
Cooking Papa is seinen manga series written and illustrated by Tochi Ueyama.
There is also a hentai OVA series based on it, as well as some other media including audio CDs, novels and manga books.
The story follows a group of high school students caught in the middle of a zombie apocalypse.
The series is directed by Osamu Kobayashi, is written by the series' original creator Norie Yamada, and is animated by Hal Film Maker.
In 2007, another Saint Beast series called Saint Beast - Kouin Jojishi Tenshi Tan started.
In 1991, it was adapted as a five-episode OVA.
It started to be published in 1986 and as of 2016 there are 15 novels and one side story in the official guidebook Arslan Senki Tokuhon.
In 1986, Izumi Takemoto retold the original manga series, releasing it under the same title and simultaneously with the anime adaptation.
Maiden Japan licensed the six-episode 1993 New Dominion Tank Police OVA series for distribution in North America in 2013.
The series is characterized by dynamic and exciting football moves, often stylish and implausible.
Ultimately, she figures out the vampires are not the cause of the disappearances, but her adventures with the vampires are only beginning.
It was published by Shueisha in Bessatsu Margaret from 2001 to 2006 and collected in 17 tankōbon volumes.
The series has not had a release in English.
The first anime season was licensed in North America by Geneon Entertainment, but it is now licensed by Funimation after Geneon withdrew from the anime market.
After its release in Japan, the anime was licensed for a DVD release by Geneon Entertainment USA, with a subsequent broadcast on Fuse TV.
Battle Royal High School, originally known as Majinden is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shinichi Kuruma.
The Hakkenden is most known for its unique approach to animation, switching between several distinct visual styles throughout the duration of the series.
A short-lived English adaptation aired in the US in 1984.
The only remaining indication is the bath scene with B-ko.
It was formerly licensed for English-language release by CMX Manga and now licensed by Viz Media.
Kon'nichiwa Anne: Before Green Gables : Director, Storyboard
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshio Sawai, published by Shueisha, and serialized in the Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine.
In 2014 Okada announced that he has finished all of his work on Shadow Skill.
The show features many of the characters from the original Futakoi, though the story and settings are completely different.
My Goddess, as certain concepts are held in the same light.
The titular protagonist, Norakuro, or Norakuro-kun, is an anthropomorphic black and white dog.
The series consists of 52 episodes, however, only 26 made it to the U.S..
The story takes place at the end of days, in the year 1999.
It has been adapted into a live action series, an OVA and a spin-off anime.
The world is desolate and militarized, and water is a scarce commodity.
Gon was most notable outside Japan for his appearance in the PlayStation version of Tekken 3.
A second live action series aired in Japan during 2012, and two more in 2014.
Adapted into anime by Tatsunoko Productions, its 52 episodes aired on Fuji TV from April 1967 to March 1968.
Set in the 19th century, it tells the story of a young Allen Walker, who joins an organization of exorcists named the Black Order.
The television series first aired on Japan's TV Tokyo network from April 6, 2005 to March 19, 2008.
It was also adapted into a two-episode OVA, I'll CKBC.
The manga becomes more focused on martial arts battles and tournaments as it progresses.
Maria-sama ga Miteru, often shortened to Marimite, is a Japanese light novel series written by Oyuki Konno with illustrations by Reine Hibiki.
Eureka Seven was well received by critics and earned several awards at numerous award shows in Japan, most notably the 2006 Tokyo International Anime Fair.
At its peak, Watch Mr. Wizard drew audiences in the millions, but its impact was far wider.
Its nicknames amongst fans are typically Senchi or the contraction SenchiGura.
The anime was licensed in North America by Media Blasters.
The anime series was licensed in the Northern American region by Nozomi Entertainment.
She and Her Cat, subtitled Their standing points, is an independent five-minute Japanese original video animation created and directed by Makoto Shinkai in 1999.
It is somewhat similar to Pretty Sammy, but shares more in common with Puni Puni Poemi.
It is available in the United States courtesy of Media Blasters.
Deko Boko Friends originated on NHK's oldest running children's programming show, Okaasan to Issho in 2003, superseding previous short cartoon series, Yancharu Moncha.
The anime television series adaptation ran from April 1, 2009, until March 25, 2012 on TV Tokyo, airing on Wednesday 7pm to 7:30pm.
Di Gi Charat is a Japanese manga and anime series created by Koge-Donbo.
The series spawned three compilations films and was adapted into a manga as well as light novels.
Miyuki was Adachi's first manga adapted as an anime.
Ryokunohara Labyrinth: Sparkling Phantom is a Japanese OVA released on March 25, 1990 by AIC and Victor Entertainment and directed by Narumi Kakinouchi.
Both the anime OVA and manga are licensed for distribution in North America by Viz Media.
Genshiken is a manga series by Shimoku Kio about a college club for otaku and the lifestyle its members pursue.
The story involves Tasuke Shichiri, a 14-year-old boy that receives a gift from his father, Tarousuke, who is traveling in China.
When the magazine was canceled in June 2007, the series was temporarily moved to Weekly Shōnen Jump where it was published monthly.
In addition to having a 26 episode television series three separate OVAs were made which have been released in the United States by Manga Entertainment.
Maeterlinck's Blue Bird: Tyltyl and Mytyl's Adventurous Journey is a 1980 Japanese animated television series directed by Hiroshi Sasagawa, with character designs from Leiji Matsumoto.
Outside Japan it is also referred to as Champion Joe, Rocky Joe or Joe.
GXP is a Japanese anime series created by AIC and broadcast on NTV from April 3, 2002 to September 25, 2002.
is a manga, anime, and OVA series by Shin Takahashi, creator of Iihito and Kimi no Kakera.
When Jump Square was introduced in November 2007, the series was moved to it.
A new anime television series adaptation, titled The Kindaichi Case Files R, began airing on April 5, 2014 and concluded on September 27, 2014.
It was originally serialized in Big Comic Spirits from 1999 to 2006, with the 249 chapters published into 22 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
Two sets of drama CDs were produced, one by Wayuta and the other by Frontier Works.
The manga series has spawned a franchise that includes multiple spin-off manga and anime series, a trading card game, and numerous video games.
It is staged in a private boys' school that teaches ōendan to troubled teenagers.
Viz Media secured foreign television and home video distribution rights to the Bleach anime in 2006.
Terasawa devised it as a mix of spaghetti western and samurai stories, and aspects of films, varying from James Bond to Disney.
Fifty years after its creation, Lupin III remains popular, with the fifth anime series airing in Italy and Japan in 2015.
The first thirteen episodes were aired on WOWOW from July 26, 2007, to November 1, 2007; the final three were released direct-to-DVD.
The manga and the anime are very different.
The manga was later adapted into four anime television series, a Japanese television drama and two films, one live action and one animated.
It is licensed in North America by Bandai Entertainment, who also produced a separate English dub for release in the region.
Nana is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ai Yazawa.
Initially, only Gai Daigoji and Akito Tenkawa are depicted as enjoying the series.
Key later released versions of Air without the erotic content, and the game was ported to the Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita.
Key believes she must do this quickly before her battery runs down.
The future of the manga's English translation remains unknown.
In Japan, the game was ported for the PlayStation 2 with additional content and was released on September 22, 2004.
follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios and courses of interaction and focuses on the appeal of the female main characters.
It received a Japan Game Awards in 2003 and had received re-releases under the Player's Choice and PlayStation 2 the Best labels.
Characters that are used to promote the magazine and are sold as merchandise have been taken directly from Hiroyuki's 2channel community.
There was also a six-part live TV miniseries and a radio drama.
The manga has been adapted into two live-action films in Japan in 2014 and 2015.
Buddha is a manga drawn by Osamu Tezuka and is Tezuka's unique interpretation of the life of Gautama Buddha, the founder of Buddhism.
NIS America re-released the entire series on DVD and Blu-ray in August 2014, featuring Japanese audio and an unedited English dub.
There are twenty Gamers stores across Japan.
Initially released in the 90s on VHS by Macek's now defunct Streamline Pictures, the DVD rights were obtained by Discotek Media in 2013.
A live-action version was made, titled Steel Angel Kurumi Pure, but has a different continuity to the anime.
It is published to the 13th volume as of 2005.
Sonic X is a Japanese anime television series created by TMS Entertainment and based on the Sonic the Hedgehog video game series published by Sega.
Ping Pong is a manga series by Taiyō Matsumoto about table tennis.
Comic anthologies, light novels and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several music albums.
The title is short for Kamisama de Chūgakusei.
That series was adapted into a 42-episode anime television series which aired on TV Asahi from 10 October 1992 to June 1995.
Van, with aid from Allen, commands his mystical mech Escaflowne in the struggle to stop the Zaibach Empire.
It is the second of the J9 Series, serving as a sequel to Braiger and is followed by Sasuraiger.
ASCII Media Works published a manga adaptation for on January 27, 2005, serialized in Dengeki G's Magazine.
In 2002, five of the original seven manga volumes were adapted into an anime television series that totaled 13 episodes.
All four compilations contain three discs, each containing four episodes, save the final discs of the first two compilations, which contain five episodes.
In 2002, five of the original seven manga volumes were adapted into an anime television series that totaled 13 episodes.
A spin-off manga, Miyakawa-ke no Kūfuku, began serialization in January 2008 in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp H's magazine.
A new TV special premiered September 5, 2009 on Fuji TV.
K3 was a children/teenagers channel, that usually broadcasts from morning to 21:30 on weekdays and a couple of hours around midday on the weekend.
The series aired on Nagoya TV from February 5, 1983 to January 21, 1984, totaling for 49 episodes.
A light novel and second video game were also created.
A live action television series adaptation started airing in Japan on Nippon Television from November 4, 2006.
The manga, which was released while the series was airing, is a retelling of the story rather than a straight adaptation.
Six original video animation episodes were produced by Xebec between April 2009 and April 2010.
The series was also adapted as four light novels and a series of CD dramas.
It is directed by Toshiki Hirano and written by Sumio Uetake, while Hirano's wife, Narumi Kakinouchi, was the animation director for episodes 1 and 3.
In 2011, It was aired on QTV channel 11 in the Philippines.
In 2003, the series soundtrack Final Fantasy: Unlimited After 2 was released.
Haō Taikei Ryū Knight is a manga series written and illustrated by Takehiko Itō.
A sequel series, Little Women II: Jo's Boys, premiered in 1993.
An altered version of the first anime was released in theaters, with new and re-arranged music.
The first anime series was licensed by Geneon Entertainment in English, but the license expired in 2011.
School Rumble has been translated into additional languages, although the final two episodes, the video games, and guidebooks have yet to be released outside Japan.
It was released on December 19, 2001 in Japan and on July 29, 2003 in the United States by Manga Entertainment.
Ranma ½ is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi.
The chapters have been adapted into an original video animation produced by Anime International Company, and an anime series which aired from 2005 to 2006.
The narrator speaks in place of the dialog in such games, and this is one of the comedy elements of the show.
Animax aired Bandai Entertainment's localization, the series' English language television premiere.
The DVD version was released in Japan on August 20, 2004.
It was adapted into a live action series.
Episodes 6 and 7 have, to date, not been released in the US at all.
It is also known as HachiKuro and H&C.
Yōtōden is a Japanese historical fantasy novel by Takeshi Narumi.
They were followed by Goat and Cheese on December 21, 1989 and Catch the Heart on December 27, 1989.
A continuation of the TV anime series titled Gintama° began airing on April 8, 2015, and ended on March 30, 2016.
Comic anthologies, light novels and art books have also been published, as have audio dramas and several albums of music.
The first anime series was licensed by Geneon Entertainment in English, but the license expired in 2011.
It was released in English on 16 March 1989, licensed by Central Park Media.
A live action film adaptation of the same name is scheduled for release in 2017.
Duel Masters is a franchise based on a manga, anime and a trading card game.
Genma Wars is a science fiction manga that began in 1967.
Companies have developed thousands of types of merchandise, such as video games, and a light novel.
Joined by other Sailor Soldiers, Usagi defends the planet against an assortment of evil villains.
It was initially released as Striker in the North American English translation, as it is the English translation of the word "Spriggan" from Cornish.
Gundam SEED was licensed by Bandai Entertainment for broadcast in North America, and began airing in the United States and Canada in 2004 and 2005 respectively.
Initial D is a Japanese sports manga series written and illustrated by Shuichi Shigeno.
The character designs for the anime remained faithful to the manga style.
Every year, on her birthday, Key believes Dr. Mima builds her a new body, each one size larger.
Focusing on the relationship between Iason and Riki, Ai no Kusabi also explores issues of caste systems and social exclusion.
The series follows a newlywed couple in their mid-twenties, both virgins when they married, and chronicles their sexual explorations.
Mahoromatic is a sci-fi romantic comedy manga and anime series which contains elements of the literary genre of tragic dramas.
In 1976, there was also a theatrical film released as part of the Toei Manga Matsui film festival in the summer of that year.
In 1998, Cartoon Network aired an English dub of the Akazukin Chacha anime in Southeast Asia and Mandarin-speaking countries.
In real life, the name has been used by a succession of Japanese professional wrestling characters as a gimmick.
Both versions of the series have been licensed for release in North America.
It is best known for its popularization of the folklore creatures known as yōkai, a class of spirit-monster to which all of the main characters belong.
The second opening theme was "What's Up, People?!"
On May 12, 2007, the manga Fake "Second Season", a sequel, premiered in a new Japanese magazine called Hug, also published by Mediation.
In 2003, Yuki began the second serialization under the title Birdy the Mighty Evolution in Weekly Young Sunday which ended in 2012.
Serialized in the manga magazine Young Gangan from 2004 to 2008, the individual chapters were collected and published into 12 tankōbon volumes by Square Enix.
However, the manga has received some criticism, mostly centered on some of the jokes and repetitive plot.
The manga was published in English by Tokyopop, which also licensed the anime series.
A sequel entitled Tales of Symphonia: Dawn of the New World was released for the Wii in 2008.
on VHS in 1992 in Japanese with English subtitles.
The series won the 1989 Bungeishunjū Manga Award.
The series went on long-term hiatus in March 2003 and has yet to be concluded.
Finally, a visual novel video game for the PlayStation 2 based on the series was released on October 26, 2006 in Japan.
It also is a parody of early role-playing video games, particularly turn-based games such as the Dragon Quest games.
Nearly three decades after the manga was completed, an anime film adaptation was released in 2011.
Simoun is a Japanese anime television series that was broadcast in Japan in 2006.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Rin Yamaki was serialized in Media Factory's seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive between the August 2006 and August 2010 issues.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Sphere Tenku started serialization in September 2010 in Seikaisha's online magazine Saizensen.
It is the third entry in the Mazinger trilogy.
Sunrise credited "Hajime Yatate" for the storyline and Shuji Iuchi directed the series.
Kazushi Hagiwara is an enthusiastic fan of heavy metal music and Dungeons & Dragons, using ideas from both of these in the Bastard!!
The series consists of 175 chapters collected in 19 tankōbon volumes.
It has been serialized in Young Animal since 1997, with the chapters later combined into tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha, of which to date there are seventy-one.
Along with Feena and Reah, Adol makes the journey to the floating island and picks up another companion, Lilia.
Critics have generally praised the series for its illustrations and its portrayal of supernatural elements.
Harukanaru Toki no Naka de is an otome adventure game developed by Ruby Party and published by Koei.
Tenjho Tenge, also written as Tenjo Tenge, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Oh!
It has been adapted into a live action film series with six films, two Japanese television drama series and an original video animation.
Studio Deen produced a 12-episode comedy, adventure, anime television series broadcast on TBS in Japan in 2004.
In July 2011, a live action film version directed by Takashi Miike titled Ninja Kids!!!
It was broadcast in Japan by Kids Station, beginning January 6, 2003, on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday at 12 p.m..
As of June 2007, the Dear Boys series has 25 volumes in total, including the Dear Boys: The Early Days and Dear Boys: Act 2.
The series revolves around teenage girls who use machines attached to their legs to do aerial combat.
They were also unable to renew the license for the first twenty-four episodes of the anime.
The story follows the life of Yukito Kunisaki, a traveling showman searching for the "girl in the sky".
ASCII Media Works published 26 novels from November 2002 to November 2012 under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
The Rapeman is a Japanese satirical–black comedy adult manga series.
Itsutsugo Land is a Japanese anime series that originally aired in Japan during 2001 and 2002 on TBS.
A summarization movie was released in the 1980s using edited footage from the TV run.
It was serialized in Young Magazine from 1995 to 2013, with the chapters collected into 48 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Three manga adaptations were published by ASCII Media Works.
As a prelude to the series, the Earth of year 2167 AD is shown to be devastated by a powerful electromagnetic shockwave.
The manga was first published in Japan in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump in July 1999, and ended publication on March 3, 2008.
A drama CD was produced by Media Factory and released on March 28, 2007.
Dogtato is one of the half-animal, half-vegetable inhabitants of "Veggie-town".
Finder Series is a yaoi manga written and illustrated by Yamane Ayano.
Transformers: The Headmasters is a Japanese anime television series that is a part of the Transformers franchise.
Some of the questions left unanswered in the TV series are answered in this sequel.
A twenty-four episode anime adaptation of the manga series, produced by Xebec, aired in Japan from April 19, 2000, to September 27, 2000.
It was also adapted into a 26 episode anime television series which aired on NTV from 1983-01-10 to 1983-07-04.
The manga was partially translated by CPM Manga.
They search for Sakura's memories, which were scattered in various worlds in the form of feathers, as gathering them will help save her soul.
This series places more focus on Astro's robotic abilities and has a darker story line than previous incarnations of the series.
The series' concept originated in 1999 when Taniguchi was working on Infinite Ryvius.
D.Gray-man made the transition from a weekly to a monthly series in November 2009, when it began serialization in Jump Square.
It spanned thirteen episodes, concluding on April 1, 2008.
In a 2006 survey of celebrities by TV Asahi, Kimengumi was listed as #87 on a list of the top 100 favorite anime series.
The manga has spawned an original video animation series and numerous live-action films.
The manga was adapted to a 52-episode anime television series which ran on the MBS and TBS networks from September 2, 1995 through August 31, 1996.
In North America, the OVAs were released by ADV Films, while several of the films were published by different distributors.
This series helped establish Akatsuka's reputation as a gag comic artist, long before his other popular manga, Tensai Bakabon, was released.
The series is also licensed in Australia by Madman Entertainment and in the United Kingdom by MVM Films.
It was launched by Oriolo's son, Don Oriolo in 2000 with NHK Educational, NEC Interchannel and AEON inc. of Japan.
Ultimate Girls is a Japanese fanservice UHF anime series from the production company m.o.e.
There are twenty Gamers stores across Japan.
V stands for "Victory" but the anime is also based on the 5th BB-daman manga.
In 1995, Streamline Pictures gained the rights to the anime and released it on a four-volume cassette series in the US, under the title Doomed Megalopolis.
For many years, the only western language to have official translations of the Hyper Police manga was Spanish.
Discotek Media released the first five films in North America in 2014.
Overman King Gainer is an anime television series, created by Sunrise.
A manga adaptation was serialized in Kodansha's monthly Nakayoshi magazine.
A four-volume original video animation series was produced from 2002 and 2004.
The OVA's were released in North America by AnimEigo who released them individually over 6 discs.
The anime is popular in several countries and is arguably one of the most influential in boosting the popularity of Japanese animation in Western culture.
He returns to the game six years later, carrying a mythical status and still impresses his opponents.
The original manga was licensed for an English-language release in North America by Tokyopop.
Since its release, Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon has received wide critical acclaim and has become one of the most popular manga and anime series worldwide.
The Southeast Asian network Animax Asia aired an English-language version of the anime for seven seasons from 2010 to 2015.
Harukanaru Toki no Naka de is an otome adventure game developed by Ruby Party and published by Koei.
The feature film was licensed by Tara for its release in American theaters and by Manga Entertainment in British theaters in 1995.
Two special episodes for the second season were aired in October 2009.
was produced by Madhouse, Nippon Television and VAP, directed by Satoshi Nishimura and ran on the Nippon Television Network from October 2000 to March 2002.
As with its predecessor, both series are known for their abundance of fan service in the form of panty shots.
Tomie was Ito's first published work he originally submitted to Monthly Halloween, a shōjo magazine in 1987, which led to him winning the Kazuo Umezu award.
Nobody's Boy: Remi is a Japanese anime series by Tokyo Movie Shinsha.
Hideyuki Tanaka is a Japanese voice actor, actor and narrator from Tokyo who is attached to Aoni Production.
It also received new album mix under title Album version.
An original video animation episode for 365 was released in March 2009.
The website Crunchyroll purchased the anime's streaming rights and home video rights.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 2003 to 2012, with the chapters collected into 38 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
An OVA sequel called Dead Girls was released in Japan, on August 8, 2007.
This is the first and most widely published series of Ironfist Chinmi.
The complete manga series is being released in Kindle format by Creek & River starting in 2015.
A two-volume sequel, called Nodame Cantabile: Opera Chapter, which began serialization in the December 2009 issue of Kiss, was released in 2010.
In the comic-essay "Passionate Days of Perman", Fujiko F. Fujio claims the name is actually a reference to the "par" concept in golf.
An original video animation anime based on the manga was released on March 20, 1991.
There are lots of weapons to buy and players can only enter certain houses that have doors visibly on them.
Punk rock is a rock music genre that developed in the early to mid-1970s in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia.
One: True Stories was later licensed for English language distribution by Media Blasters.
In 2010, Inoue received special commendations from the Japan Basketball Association for helping popularize basketball in Japan.
This story was an early 20th-century Japanese folk tale performed on kamishibai.
A movie based on the series was released in Japan on December 9, 2006.
ASCII Media Works published 26 novels from November 2002 to November 2012 under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
Episodes 1 and 2 were scheduled to be broadcast on the anime PPV channel SKY Perfect Perfect Choice ch.
The manga series' title, とらぶる, is the English gairaigo "trouble" and "rabu" is the English loan word "love".
The musical was presented in three episodes, each a week apart.
Kaze no Yojimbo is a 2001–2002 Japanese animated television series based on Akira Kurosawa's chanbara film Yojimbo.
However, the copyright has since expired, allowing foreign releases to use the Lupin name.
Nana Osaki was in a popular punk rock band in her hometown.
The manga series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment.
The manga by Hiroyuki Sanadura was serialized in the magazine Dengeki Daioh.
Shin Getter Robo vs Neo Getter Robo is an anime OVA series based on the works of Go Nagai and Ken Ishikawa.
It revolves around three talented young singers who navigate the music business on their road to success.
The background music for all three OVAs was composed by Toshihiko Sahashi.
Other combinations include Karnayna and Aradia, Hern and Hecate, Osiris and Isis, and Kernunnos and Arida.
In March 2010 as part of the Nitro+CHiRAL 5th anniversary an anime adaptation was announced for Togainu no Chi with production by Aniplex.
The title is a shortening of the club's official name, Gendai Shikaku Bunka Kenkyūkai, or "The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture".
Lian proceeded to become the teacher of Gunkid.
Belle and Sebastian is an anime adaption of the novel Belle et Sébastien by French author Cécile Aubry.
In addition to publishing the individual volumes of the series, Viz serialized its first chapters in their Shonen Jump manga anthology.
The second anime season is licensed in North America by Media Blasters.
It was released in the United States by Kitty Media on 25 March 2003.
Enzai is a yaoi game made by the Japanese software house Langmaor, which was later translated to English under the title Enzai – Falsely Accused.
The new anime, titled Code Geass: Lelouch of the Resurrection, will take place a few years after the events of the Zero Requiem.
in some releases, is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kōsuke Fujishima.
The second series ran from 1971–1972 on Nihon TV, this time in color.
Akakage is a fictional Japanese superhero featured in several manga and anime, as well as live action movies and TV shows.
Akihabara@Deep was adapted into a manga a year after the novel's publication.
The manga was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from February 2005 to April 2009.
The series was aired on TV Tokyo from April to September in 2007.
The series has over 26 million copies in print and is most famous for being a how-to guide combined into a story.
Saruwatari also created Riki-Oh, a cult manga sensation featuring graphic martial arts fighting, which was adapted in a Hong Kong live-action film and Japanese OVA.
Steel Angel Kurumi is a Japanese manga and anime series following the adventures of its titular character created by Kaishaku.
The latest OVA adaption, Bible Black Only, consists of gaiden stories explaining what happened to various characters during the plot of Bible Black.
Three spin-off manga have been serialized in Grand Jump and Grand Jump Premium starting from 2012.
Toei Animation produced a 13-episode anime television series in 2002 and an original video animation episode in 2003.
As of 2007, the entire manga series is available in English-language translations.
They cover the storyline up to volume 5 of the manga.
Viz Media licensed and released an English translation of the series in North America.
Chibi Maruko-chan is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Momoko Sakura.
It ran in the October 1980 special edition of Shōnen Sunday and was later made into an anime OVA.
When Japan is menaced by Aragami spawned by Yamato-no-Orochi, Momiji is intended to be sacrificed to appease the Aragami.
The series has been adapted into animation twice, once as a pair of films and again as a 26 episode television series.
This series as a whole is about Rune's growth, from a whining weakling to a confident leader.
A live-action film adaptation of the series, directed by Ataru Oikawa, premiered in Japanese theaters in May 2008, with a sequel released in May 2009.
This show was originally aired in Japan as part of WOWOW's Anime Complex.
The wanderer quickly realizes he is an unwelcomed visitor and becomes caught up in a violent conflict between rival crime syndicates.
Ape Escape -On Air- is a CGI anime television series produced by Xebec based on Sony's Ape Escape video game franchise.
The anime series, as well as their specials, are licensed and distributed in North America by Sentai Filmworks with English subtitles.
Captain is a baseball manga series by Akio Chiba which ran in Monthly Shōnen Jump from 1972 to 1979.
The anime series, produced by Xebec, ran for five seasons on TV Tokyo in Japan between March 2002 and September 2006, reaching 209 episodes in total.
A 26-episode anime series adaptation by Xebec aired in Japan between April and September 2008.
Mamotte Shugogetten is a manga by Minene Sakurano which was serialized in the monthly magazine Shōnen GanGan from 1997 to 2000.
This remake boasted an extensive, continuing storyline and more complex artwork.
The series was also shown on the Sci Fi Channel in the UK in 2002-2003.
Positive response have focused on the comedy and characters from the series, while negative responses concern the manga's artwork.
Duel Masters is a franchise based on a manga, anime and a trading card game.
Claymore is a dark fantasy manga series written and illustrated by Norihiro Yagi.
Akazukin Chacha is a shōjo manga series by Min Ayahana.
Media Factory published 20 volumes between June 2004 and February 2011.
premiered in second place at the time of its release and remained in the top 50 for an additional three and a half-months.
Stratos 4 is an anime series by Studio Fantasia and Bandai Visual, and directed by Takeshi Mori.
Ultra Maniac is a manga series written by Wataru Yoshizumi.
Gokusen is a manga series by Kozueko Morimoto.
The third season of the series was aired as Nippon Television's 55th Anniversary Program in 2008.
The games are built on the NScripter game engine and are playable on the Windows operating system.
Cheryl Cole replaced Osbourne in series 5.
It was serialized in Big Comic Spirits from November 1980 to April 1987, with the chapters collected into 15 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
and both were re-released and remastered on DVD and Blu-ray in 2010.
Ghost Hunt, originally titled Akuryō Series, is a light novel series written by Fuyumi Ono.
Three spin-off manga have been serialized in Grand Jump and Grand Jump Premium starting from 2012.
Sally the Witch also known as Sunny the Witch is one of the popular anime magical girls of what eventually become a genre in Japan.
The Rapeman is a Japanese satirical–black comedy adult manga series.
A 13-episode second season entitled Hidamari Sketch × 365 aired in Japan between July and September 2008.
The series depicts the simple, everyday life of Momoko Sakura, a young girl everyone calls Maruko, and her family in suburban Japan in the year 1974.
In January 1995 a twelve-episode audio drama series called SM Girls Saber Marionette R aired on the radio show Nowanchatte Say You.
DNA² was adapted into a 12-episode anime television series which ran on Nippon Television from October 7, 1994 to December 23, 1994.
Video Games were released for the Sega Saturn and Sega Game Gear in Japan, and are considered collectors items by Saint Tail fans.
Babel II is a 1971 manga series by Mitsuteru Yokoyama.
The series is set in the former city of Shimizu, now part of Shizuoka City, birthplace of its author.
A manga adaptation was published by Shueisha in Margaret and its sister magazine The Margaret.
Two sets of drama CDs were produced, one by Wayuta and the other by Frontier Works.
Various anime, games, manga, and other aspects of pop culture are parodied/referenced throughout the series as a bonus to older viewers.
Calling You is a Japanese fictional short story collection written by Otsuichi and published on May 31, 2001 by Kadokawa Shoten.
Several art and guidebooks for Rurouni Kenshin have been published and writer Kaoru Shizuka has authored three official light novels which were published by Shueisha.
The manga was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine between April 24, 2006 and August 31, 2009, and the chapters collected into 18 tankōbon volumes.
Slayers is a Japanese light novel series written by Hajime Kanzaka and illustrated by Rui Araizumi.
Comic anthologies, light novels and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several music albums.
Captain Tsubasa has sold over 82 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling manga series.
The manga was well received by Japanese-language readers; several volumes have appeared in the top manga sales charts.
The feature film was licensed by Tara for its release in American theaters and by Manga Entertainment in British theaters in 1995.
The series tells the story of Yusuke Urameshi, a yankii who is struck and killed by a car while attempting to save a child's life.
Episodes usually dealt with scientific discoveries and inventions, though there were also a few futuristic and science fiction stories and situations.
Kanokon is a Japanese light novel series by Katsumi Nishino, with illustrations by Koin.
He is also a visiting scholar at Carnegie Mellon University.
Arashi no Yoru ni is the first in a series of children's books authored by Yūichi Kimura and illustrated by Hiroshi Abe.
Xena: Warrior Princess is an American fantasy television series filmed on location in New Zealand.
It stars Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin – two crime-fighting heroes who defend Gotham City from a variety of arch villains.
The manga was well received by Japanese-language readers; several volumes have appeared in the top manga sales charts.
A 13-episode anime and 4-episode OVA based on the manga were created in 2001.
A two-episode original video animation was produced; the two DVDs were released on October 27, 2006, and January 26, 2007.
Bible Black is an eroge PC video game developed by ActiveSoft and published on July 14, 2000.
The plot focuses on Tsubasa's relationship with his friends, rivalry with his opponents, training, competition and the action and outcome of each football match.
Both subtitled and dubbed versions of these OVAs have been released in the United States on DVD.
An anime version and a manga adaptation have also been released.
The series centred on the adventures of a young boy named Shotaro Kaneda, who controlled a giant robot named Tetsujin 28, built by his late father.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion from 1991 to 1999 and collected into 42 tankōbon volumes.
It was serialized in Weekly Comic Bunch, a seinen manga magazine, in August 2005 and spanned a total of six tankōbon volumes.
Blood+, pronounced "Blood Plus," is an anime series produced by Production I.G and Aniplex and directed by Junichi Fujisaku.
However, the young man's family disapproves of him associating with people of the lower classes.
It was released on six DVD volumes 2003 to 2005, dubbed in English, with all 13 episodes also featured in chronological order.
It was shown as a double bill with a Maison Ikkoku movie.
It ran for a total of 12 episodes on TV Asahi and was later licensed by Geneon Entertainment USA.
It was adapted as an ongoing anime series produced by NHK Enterprises, animated by Gallop, and broadcast on NHK E-Tele beginning in October 1998.
It is published in Japan by ASCII Media Works, formerly MediaWorks, in the monthly magazine Dengeki Daioh and collected in thirteen tankōbon volumes.
It received a manga adaptation split in two series the second of which is still being published.
As a result, several dragons play an important role in the manga, most notably Mana and her father, Titan.
Magazine Special published School Rumble Z monthly from August 20, 2008 to May 20, 2009.
Both novels were later released in North America and the United Kingdom by Tokyopop.
Sou Touma is a university graduate who encounters a variety of investigative cases after returning to Japan from the US.
A 76-episode anime adaptation titled Hajime no Ippo: The Fighting!
Although it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga in 1985, it has received mixed reviews from critics.
The series was also licensed by Manga Entertainment for English releases in the United Kingdom, and by Madman Entertainment for releases in Australia and New Zealand.
anime series is a spin-off sequel to Please Teacher!.
Instead of having the old cast reprise their roles for the new adaptation, the series features an entirely new cast to voice the characters.
It was continuously serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump for 40 years, from September 1976 to September 2016.
The manga was drawn and written by Fujio Akatsuka, and was published in Ribon from 1962 to 1965.
The storyline focuses on a rebellion on a Moon colony by settlers and a mysterious artifact called Dallos.
Although the characters and their relationships remain basically the same in the game and anime, the storyline is quite different.
An anime adaptation by Ordet and Encourage Films began airing on Ustream in April 2013.
Another, has begun in 2011 and ended in 2016.
Critical reception to the series has been mostly positive with reviewers praising the comedy and fight scenes.
Watch Mr. Wizard is an American television program for children that demonstrated the science behind ordinary things.
The original inspiration for the manga came from Togashi's own collecting hobby.
A second series premiered on TV Tokyo on April 5, 2014, and ended on March 26, 2016.
Publications for manga, anime and others have commented on the Gin Tama manga.
Both were produced by Ashi Productions and Animax.
The series revolves around teenage girls who use machines attached to their legs to do aerial combat.
The limited edition of the game was released on 30 January 2009.
It was first serialized in the seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Carat in April 2004, published by Houbunsha.
She battles a mecha organization, Demon Seed, which has been terrorizing Tokyo.
It was originally published monthly in the Shueisha magazine V-Jump starting in 1993.
Set in the far future, the series tells the story of Cobra, who lives an adventurous life until his enemies begin to hunt him down.
PAPUWA is the sequel to Shibata's 1991 series Nangoku Shōnen Papuwa-kun, serialized in Square Enix's manga magazine Monthly Shōnen Gangan from April 1991 to June 1995.
Nakai and Takashi planned the series when they were attending high school originally as a parody to Ultraman.
In 2006, Nickelodeon and Polygon Pictures announced a computer animated series based on the novel, with character designs by Ippei Kamui.
The game was localized and released in North America on July 13, 2004 and in Europe on November 19, 2004.
Magic Bus is a Japanese animation studio headquartered in Nishi-Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
The Video Girl Ai anime is a six-part OVA series which was produced by I.G.
A second season, School Rumble: 2nd Semester, aired between April and September 2006.
In Japan, the game was ported for the PlayStation 2 with additional content and was released on September 22, 2004.
The anime and manga were created simultaneously, but, despite some similarities, they progressed in different directions.
It was serialized in Big Comic Superior from 1990 to 1995, then released into 12 volumes by Shogakukan.
The series was adapted into a six-part original video animation of the same name in 1990, followed by Demon Beast Resurrection in 1995.
Thunderbirds 2086, known in Japan as Scientific Rescue Team Technoboyager, is a Japanese anime series loosely inspired by the original Gerry Anderson Supermarionation series Thunderbirds.
An OVA series was released in 2003, with three sets of episodes.
Tales of Symphonia is a Japanese role-playing game released for the Nintendo GameCube on August 29, 2003 in Japan.
A live-action television drama aired on BS SKY PerfecTV!
They are written by Yōzaburō Kanari or Seimaru Amagi and illustrated by Fumiya Satō.
The closing theme, "Menchi's Bolero of Sorrow" consists of a series of barks from the canine character Menchi.
The current story arc, JoJolion, started in 2011.
Osbourne returned to the panel in series 10, replacing Tulisa.
A sequel titled Darker than Black: Gemini of the Meteor premiered in Japan on October 8, 2009.
It is also referred to as Godam and Gowapper 5 Gordam.
Prior to the series, a theatrical short and an original net animation were also produced.
Magic Bus is a Japanese animation studio headquartered in Nishi-Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Air Gear is a shōnen manga written and illustrated by Ito "Oh Great" Ōgure.
Super Life-Form Transformers: Beast Wars Neo is a 1999 Japanese Transformers television animated series and toy line, and a sequel to Beast Wars II.
The manga initially appeared in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from April 25, 1994, to November 4, 1999.
The series was preceded by Beast Wars: Transformers, and was followed by Super Life-Form Transformers: Beast Wars Neo.
Viz Media produced English-language versions of the manga and licensed the first two seasons of the anime.
Princess Tutu is a Japanese magical girl anime series created by Ikuko Itoh in 2002 for animation studio Hal Film Maker.
It was available online in English through Jmanga.com, but is now on Crunchyroll.
The series was partially adapted into an experimental anime series in the 1980s and 1990s.
It first aired in France in La Cinq in the late 1980s, starting on 15 April 1988.
Dragon Ball Z: The History of Trunks, known in Japan as Defiance in the Face of Despair!!
Kaiketsu Zorori is a popular Japanese children's book series created by Yutaka Hara and published by Poplar Publishing.
Covenant Castle is in the capital of the Demon Kingdom.
Several specials, OVAs, and movies have been adapted as prequels, sequels and alternate stories.
Trouble Chocolate is a romantic comedy fantasy anime produced by AIC in 1999 and is licensed in the United States by Viz Media.
The series, which is heavily influenced by philosophy and Gnosticism, features a combination of 2D digital cel animation, 3D computer modeling, and digital special effects.
In addition to four different sets of original video animations and an animated movie, a live-action television series has also been produced.
The series won the 2002 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga.
An additional volume was released on April 24, 2003 containing a sequel chapter for the story and additional unrelated short stories.
The original story is by Huang Jin Zhou and illustrated by Arakawa.
It was first serialized in Square Enix's Monthly Shōnen Gangan magazine in January 2002.
There were 45 episodes aired at 25 minutes each.
In 1996, the series was edited into a film called Armitage III: Poly-Matrix; this version was produced in English.
The game was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable with the adult content removed.
Bandai Entertainment also licensed most parts from the franchise for English release in December 2007, airing the two TV series on Adult Swim.
In 2008, The WallFlower became one of over 30 ADV titles whose North American rights were transferred to Funimation Entertainment.
Magic Knight Rayearth is a Japanese manga series created by Clamp.
Buzzer Beater is a manga series by Takehiko Inoue.
Flint the Time Detective, known in Japan as Jikū Tantei Genshi-kun, is an animated Japanese television series directed by Hiroshi Fukutomi.
It is a Parody of the Sailor Moon series, mostly in regards to the heroines and heroes.
The manga series has been licensed for an English-language release by Dark Horse Comics.
The series is directed by Kazuki Akane, written by Hiroshi Ōnogi, with its character designer and overseeing animation director being Ryo Timo.
The series was released in the United States by The Right Stuf International on DVD in 2003.
An anime series was produced in 2006 by Madhouse and is licensed by Media Blasters.
The sequel introduces a new Mew Mew, Berry Shirayuki, who becomes the temporary leader of the Mew Mews, while Ichigo is on a trip to England.
It is a based on eroge video game by Nikukyuu.
The series was released in North America by ADV Manga and ADV Films, titled Chrono Crusade.
There are 18 volumes of the manga.
The story focuses on Yuji Sakai, a high school boy who inadvertently becomes involved in an age-old conflict between forces of balance and imbalance in existence.
A live-action TV special aired in May 2007 on TV Asahi, with a finale aired in July 2008.
The title uses the Greek letter Φ to represent to the "fi" in the Japanese transliteration of the English word "final".
Comic anthologies and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several albums of music.
D.Gray-man is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Katsura Hoshino.
In 1996, the story was made into a four-part Original Video Animation directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri.
It premiered on January 13, 2007 on Japan's Fuji TV.
This results in the battles having no true casualties.
The series is airing on Animax Asia as The File of Young Kindaichi in Japanese with English subtitles.
The series was adapted into a movie, an anime television series, and a live-action television drama.
It has been adapted into a live action series, an OVA and a spin-off anime.
It was adapted as an anime television series by Toei Animation.
The first anime series was licensed by Geneon Entertainment in English, but the license expired in 2011.
But despite the existence of them, the deep darkness is spreading.
The series made its only television premiere on Cartoon Network with a 2-hour special on August 25, 2007.
8 Man or Eightman is a manga and anime superhero created in 1963 by science fiction writer Kazumasa Hirai and manga artist Jiro Kuwata.
Critics praised the series for its execution of typical story elements and how it continuously becomes better over time.
The opening theme "Cautionary Warning" was written and performed by English rock guitarist John Sykes, who played with rock bands including Thin Lizzy and Whitesnake.
The series has over 26 million copies in print and is most famous for being a how-to guide combined into a story.
A two-episode original video animation was also made and aired on March 16, 2005.
The plot focuses on Tsubasa's relationship with his friends, rivalry with his opponents, training, competition and the action and outcome of each football match.
The series revolves around a group of sextuplet brothers who cause all sorts of mischief.
The Japanese title of the series is a multi-layered pun; it can be translated as "section-chief Oji", "old section-chief", or literally "Section Head Prince".
In 2002, the manga was published in North America in English by Tokyopop as Kodocha: Sana's Stage.
It received a range of critical reaction from reviewers, from praise as cute entertainment to criticism as the worst of Clamp's works.
The manga was licensed by ADV Manga and published as a single volume on August 24, 2004.
A two-volume sequel, called Nodame Cantabile: Opera Chapter, which began serialization in the December 2009 issue of Kiss, was released in 2010.
The manga was adapted as a one-episode, 40-minute television drama broadcast on 1977-01-02 as part of the Shōnen Drama Series on NHK.
Two anime adaptations were produced by the animation studio Asread.
Liminality was separated into four volumes; each volume was released with its corresponding game.
Sally the Witch also known as Sunny the Witch is one of the popular anime magical girls of what eventually become a genre in Japan.
As of July 2006, it is being streamed on Bandai Channel as an original net animation.
The televised anime series later aired between on July and September 2008.
A live-action television drama aired on BS SKY PerfecTV!
Nearly three decades after the manga was completed, an anime film adaptation was released in 2011.
It has been adapted into an anime television series, animated by A-1 Pictures, which premiered in Japan on TBS.
The anime series is licensed by Bandai Entertainment
The show originally aired from October to December 2003 on UHF syndication in Japan, and each episode has a run time of only 12 minutes.
The Rapeman's garb is different in the anime version, as he is dressed in quasi-ninja gear.
In 2011 a twelve-episode live-action web series was streamed on Ustream.
It was developed by Alfa System and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Maison Ikkoku has been both critically and commercially successful, with over 25 million copies in circulation.
A third season, titled Hidamari Sketch × Hoshimittsu, aired between January and March 2010.
In 1998, the manga received an Excellence Prize at the Japan Media Arts Festival.
Due to her potential to become the next ruler, she has many enemies that wish to assassinate her.
Soccer Fever is an anime produced by Tokyo Movie Shinsha, RAI, and TMS-Kyokuchi, it was broadcast by NHK and RAI.
They worked on movies, videos, TV shows, and commercials, and contributed to all stages of the process, including planning, production, sound effects, and so on.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from May 1997 to April 2002.
It was published by Namco and is the fifth core product of the Tales series.
Wind: A Breath of Heart is a visual novel by Japanese game studio Minori.
There was a four-episode OAV made from Dōkyūsei, a 12-episode OAV was made from Dōkyūsei 2, and both an OAV and TV series from Kakyūsei.
In 1989, the manga tied to receive the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo.
The DVDs contain the original Japanese audio track with English subtitles.
The first consisted of four episodes averaging to half-hour of run time.
Despite the common ground, the stories of the game, anime, and manga versions of the Battle Network series all diverge heavily from each other.
were licensed in North America by Synch-Point.
In 1977, it won the 1st Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.
The series has been adapted into different media; including three anime television series: Full Metal Panic!
An anime adaptation of the novels, produced by Kitty Films and animated for the most part by Artland and Magic Bus, ran from 1988 to 1997.
Saint Beast is a Japanese action/fantasy story created by Arisugawa Kei centering on gods, guardian angels, animal spirits, and magic.
It was first serialized in the seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Carat in April 2004, published by Houbunsha.
It was also broadcast on TVOntario in 1989, a station that would later pick up the dub of the 2010 French adaptation.
Heat Guy J was licensed and distributed in the U.S. in 2003 by Pioneer.
Professional race car driver and pioneer of drifting Keiichi Tsuchiya helped with editorial supervision.
A third, 12-episode anime television series by Manglobe, based mostly on an original story not seen in the manga aired between October and December 2012.
A spin-off to the light-novel series, called Full Metal Panic!
Basilisk is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masaki Segawa.
Kodomo no Omocha, also known as Kodocha for short, is a manga series by Miho Obana.
The manga series won the prestigious Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize for best creative work in 2006.
Magical Canan is a magical girl eroge developed and published by Terios.
The manga story is a prequel to the television series.
The series was a Japanese-German co-production between Nippon Animation and Apollo Films.
Ufotable produced a series of seven anime films based on the series between 2007 and 2009, and also produced an original video animation episode in 2011.
In the Philippines, ABS-CBN, Studio 23 and Hero TV also released the anime in Tagalog dub.
The series is characterized by dynamic and exciting football moves, often stylish and implausible.
It is licensed in North America by Del Rey Manga.
It featured a production team led by director Shinichirō Watanabe, character designer Kazuto Nakazawa and mechanical designer Mahiro Maeda.
The manga was first serialized in Shueisha's Japanese seinen magazine Super Jump from 2004 to 2011.
Viz Media has also released each of the Bleach feature films in English.
Many production credits for the English-language dubbed release were missing.
It resumed serialization on July 17, 2015 after the release of Jump SQ.Crown, a spin-off from the magazine Jump SQ.
The third and last chapter was released on June 27, 1997.
Futari wa Pretty Cure is the first Pretty Cure anime television series produced by Toei Animation.
Its title Futari Ecchi is a play on a slang term for masturbation, hitori ecchi.
Bubblegum Crisis is a 1987 to 1991 cyberpunk original video animation series produced by Youmex and animated by AIC and Artmic.
A second live action series aired in Japan during 2012, and two more in 2014.
An anime was adapted from the novels and aired in Japan on the WOWOW television network between January 12 and February 23, 2006 with six episodes.
It received an "Excellence Award" for animation at the 1999 Japan Media Arts Festival.
The TV series was also directed by Satoshi Dezaki.
The second series was a twelve-episode readaptation and was broadcast between January and March 2007.
The Familiar of Zero is a fantasy and comedy-oriented series of Japanese light novels written by Noboru Yamaguchi, with illustrations by Eiji Usatsuka.
In Japan, the Cobra manga has sold 40 million copies, making it one of Weekly Shōnen Jump's best-selling manga series of all time.
Studio Pierrot adapted the series into a 52-episode anime series.
Golgo 13 is the oldest manga still in publication, and its tankōbon edition has the third highest number of volumes.
The original Japanese release consisted of two DVDs, the first which released on 25 May 2003, and the second on 9 September 2003.
The series has over 26 million copies in print and is most famous for being a how-to guide combined into a story.
Revolutionary Girl Utena is a manga by Chiho Saito and anime directed by Kunihiko Ikuhara.
Misaki Chronicles is an anime sequel to Divergence Eve.
Many western yaoi fans got their introduction to the genre through this series, which defined the genre for them.
The title comes from the name of a popular game played in Japanese elementary schools, which is alluded to in the series.
They made several changes to the content, as Ishinomori's original 100-page one-shot story was too dark and gruesome for a children's show.
Besides the anime series, there have been various light novels and video games based on Gin Tama.
Patlabor: The New Files is a Japanese original video animation series based on the Patlabor anime franchise.
Through Fusion Combine, they merge with their vehicles and control their humanoid forms as if they were their own bodies.
In addition to the original run, an OVA special was added to conclude the series as a de facto "14th episode".
The anime series, special, and OVA were licensed for release in North America by Bandai Entertainment.
The manga has become one of Shueisha's bestsellers, with over 22.5 million copies sold.
Trading cards and video games are among the many forms of merchandise released for the series.
An anime adaptation of Level E was produced by Pierrot and David Production and aired on TV Tokyo in early 2011.
The series is recognized for its magical girl stylings, including a mystical artifact, the Lovely Eyepatch, that serves as the source of the heroine's power.
In 2007, an English-language version of the film was released in the United States by ADV Films under the title Blade of the Phantom Master.
The manga, which is illustrated by Chako Abeno, ended serialization on February 21, 2008.
The anime series was animated by TMS Entertainment which produced in total, 39 episodes.
Currently ongoing series are highlighted in green, and all series are listed in their English official titles when available.
An anime adaptation of Getter Robo Go was made in 1991, but bore no relation to Ishikawa's manga aside from sharing the titular robot and pilots.
The series centers on Mizuki Ashiya, a Japanese girl who lives in the United States.
The series also spawned a live-action drama special starring Misaki Ito and Sachie Hara.
The Studio Pierrot production aired on Japan's NHK from April 9, 2002 to August 30, 2003, totaling 45 episodes.
The movie was released in September 2006.
It was serialized in Big Comic Original between 1988 and 1994, with the 144 chapters collected into 18 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
Big Windup!, often shortened to just Ōfuri, is a baseball manga series by Asa Higuchi, serialized in the monthly seinen Afternoon magazine since 2003.
Hana-Kimi or known originally as Hanazakari no Kimitachi e in Japan, is a shōjo manga series written by Hisaya Nakajo.
It was first broadcast on Japanese TV in 1975.
It was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Shōnen Ace and began its run in the April issue, released on February 26, 2008.
The title is Italian for The Golden String.
He meets several girls and slowly regains his lost memories.
It sold over 5 million copies and won the 1983 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.
It is set in the late 19th century where impossible technologies such as landships and "floating liquid" exist side by side in a steampunk world.
It is a sequel to the earlier series King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table, reworked in a futuristic setting.
The series follows a newlywed couple in their mid-twenties, both virgins when they married, and chronicles their sexual explorations.
Although it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga in 1985, it has received mixed reviews from critics.
The chapters of You're Under Arrest have been collected in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
The PlayStation 2 version has sold approximately 734,000 copies worldwide.
In 2005, Hakusensha published a one-volume manga prequel titled Mouse Bakumatsu-den.
Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin was adapted as a 21-episode anime television series by Toei Animation.
Viz Media acquired the license to distribute the series in English in North America.
began on 1 January 2008 after the casting of Ariel Lin and Jerry Yan in the main roles.
The chapters were also published in 15 tankōbon volumes by ASCII Media Works.
A live-action film, directed by Katsuhiro Otomo, was released in late 2006.
Touch was one of the winners of the 1983 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen or shōjo manga, along with Adachi's Miyuki.
To be only released in North America, Tor Books and Seven Seas Entertainment licensed the title and published it under their new Tor/Seven Seas imprint.
A 24-episode anime series titled Magic Kaito 1412 was created by A-1 Pictures and aired from October 4, 2014 to March 28, 2015.
The series was first adapted into a 20-minute anime OVA, released August 6, 2002.
It was subsequently broadcast in over 30 other countries.
The Second Raid by Kyoto Animation in 2003 and 2005 respectively.
The manga combines erotic elements with factual and informative statistics.
The show is produced by FremantleMedia's Thames and Cowell's production company Syco Entertainment .
The animated adaptations have received high sales figures in Japan as well as critical acclaim abroad.
Dance till Tomorrow is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Yamamoto.
A live action drama and a few live action movies were also released under the name in Japan.
It also became popular in the Philippines when it was first shown in Tagalog version by GMA Network in early-2000s and also in TV5 in 2009.
Red Garden is a Japanese animated television series produced by Gonzo studios and broadcast in Japan on TV Asahi since October 3, 2006.
It was based on a manga by Hideki Sonoda and Akira Yamauchi and was published by Bros. Comics in Japan.
The series ended in November 2014 and was followed by Masuda Kōsuke Gekijō Gag Manga Biyori GB.
A six-episode live-action television series adaptation premiered in Japan in May 2016, and a four-episode sequel premiered in November 2016.
The OVA was released on DVD by Media Blasters in the United States on December 19, 2000.
In March 2013, Funimation began streaming their licensed episodes of Case Closed; Crunchyroll simulcast them in 2014.
Urusei Yatsura: Only You was directed by Mamoru Oshii and began showing in Japanese cinemas on February 11, 1983.
The first two arcs of the manga were published in English by Tokyopop with all the sound effects left out untranslated.
Studio Pierrot adapted the series into a 52-episode anime series.
And, most importantly, Nagaishi has taken the time to develop a group of characters who are actually very likable."
It follows the misadventures of a student named Mayumi Takahashi who attends a boarding school called Sparta Academy that is run by sadistic psychopaths.
Calimero is an Italian/Japanese animated cartoon about a charming, but hapless anthropomorphized chicken; the only black one in a family of yellow chickens.
A three-episode OVA adaptation of Futari no Elder produced by Silver Link was released between August and October 2012.
The chapters of You're Under Arrest have been collected in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
The sound design consists of synthesized avant-garde music carried by a leitmotif in the form of an active sonar pulse.
A 12-episode anime adaptation, produced by Madhouse and covering the first four volumes, aired in Japan from July 5 to September 20, 2010.
Magi: The Labyrinth of Magic is a Japanese fantasy action adventure manga series written and illustrated by Shinobu Ohtaka.
Geneon originally licensed the first television series for release in North America, but the license later transferred to Funimation, who also licensed the remaining anime properties.
The title is Italian for The Golden String.
Peach Girl is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Miwa Ueda.
Nanatsuiro Drops is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by UNiSONSHIFT and released on April 21, 2006 for Windows PCs.
The name of the character, Yōko Misaki was used in both versions.
Three novels in the series have been made into anime.
It follows the misadventures of a student named Mayumi Takahashi who attends a boarding school called Sparta Academy that is run by sadistic psychopaths.
White Album is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Leaf, and was originally released on May 1, 1998 for Microsoft Windows PCs as a CD-ROM.
Led by Ichigo Momomiya, the girls protect the earth from aliens who wish to "reclaim" it.
The series debuted on the web, where it was made available in Japanese, English, Chinese, and Korean.
Mach GoGoGo was originally serialized in print in Shueisha's 1966 Shōnen Book.
The series was serialized as a manga series in the magazine for four years and won the 1st Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo in 1977.
When "Arashi no Yoru ni" was published in 1994, Kimura had no plans to continue the story as a series.
The film tetralogy uses newly available 3D CG animation, and provides new scenes, settings and characters, with a completely new conclusion in the fourth film.
It is drawn in a style reminiscent of the Final Fantasy OAVs and directed by Satoshi Saga.
A 12-episode anime adaptation, produced by Oriental Light and Magic, aired in Japan between October and December 2006.
It centers on a fictional police station in Sumida, Tokyo as its officers tackle everyday criminals while keeping people safe.
The series was a hit in Japan, which led to the creation of a sequel, Misaki Chronicles, which also ran for 13 episodes.
Gregory Horror Show is a 3D CGI anime television series created by Naomi Iwata and televised by the Asahi National Broadcasting Company.
The first anime season was licensed in North America by Geneon Entertainment, but it is now licensed by Funimation after Geneon withdrew from the anime market.
The series is characterized by dynamic and exciting football moves, often stylish and implausible.
Nakai and Takashi planned the series when they were attending high school originally as a parody to Ultraman.
In 2008, distribution for the Jojo's Bizarre Adventure OVA series was indefinitely suspended following the controversy over the presence of the Qur'an in Episode 6.
The series also uses conventional animation rather than CGI.
Hikari no Densetsu is originally a manga series by Izumi Aso about a girl named Hikari Kamijou who dreams of becoming a national rhythmic gymnastics champion.
Set 20 years after the original series ended, it ran in Big Comic Original from 2012 to 2014 and was collected into a single volume.
It is the first Gundam series with a self-contained plot set in an alternate calendar era from the original "Universal Century" timeline.
The series was commissioned by Hasbro Studios in 2011.
Sentai Filmworks has since licensed both anime seasons and the Rei OVAs.
It was serialized in Monthly Shōnen Sunday Zōkan from the October 1978 through May 1979 issues.
The manga has spawned an original video animation series and numerous live-action films.
Chibi Maruko-chan is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Momoko Sakura.
ADV Films licensed it effective September 25, 2006 for $43,335.
Nurse Angel Ririka SOS is a Japanese shōjo manga series created by music producer and television writer Yasushi Akimoto and manga creator Koi Ikeno.
It was originally serialized in Shueisha's shōjo magazine Margaret from January 1973 to February 1980.
Avenger is an anime series, produced by Bandai Visual, Bee Train and Xebec, and directed by Koichi Mashimo.
In 2005, Salaryman Kintaro began appearing as an online comic and eventually returned to Young Jump.
A live-action film adaptation is scheduled for release in 2018.
It was adapted into two 1997 live-action films and an anime original video animation.
Another variant of the chant expanded the Eko, eko opening to four lines, using these words to salute various Wiccan deities, typically Cernunnos and Aradia.
Kekko Kamen is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Go Nagai.
According to its website, it is the "largest Italian American service organization in the USA".
The game's reception was generally positive with critics praising the gameplay but criticizing the plot.
The series focus on fraternal twins Yori and Iku, who fall in love with one another despite being siblings.
The background music for all three OVAs was composed by Toshihiko Sahashi.
It was replaced in 2005 by its direct sequel series, Futari wa Pretty Cure Max Heart.
Three years later, Goku, now a young adult, must fight Piccolo Daimao's offspring Piccolo.
It is created as a tie-in to Tamiya's Mini 4WD franchise, and it is the second series to center on the franchise since Dash!
A DVD release of the show was also launched by FUNimation for the USA and Canada region.
Along with his partner Kir, a talking albatross, he travels the world in search of new adventures and legendary treasure.
The anime differs from the novel in revolving around four children rather than five.
The series is more violent than other trading-card-game-tie-in animations with many characters being killed.
In the manga, in order to get the potion, she must slay Azetodeth, the greatest demon in the land.
As well as the soundtrack, a single of the opening theme and three image albums - Compiler, Assembler and Interpreter - were released.
A manga series adaptation by Datto Nishiwaki was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Shōnen Ace magazine between the February 2006 and December 2012 issues.
It was published in North America by Viz Media under the title of Ultimate Muscle.
Futari Ecchi is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Katsu Aki.
Another, has begun in 2011 and ended in 2016.
The anime series is distributed in the UK by Manga Entertainment.
They published all the TV episodes in DVD volumes as well as the film.
The following form was used by Gerald Gardner, considered as the founder of Wicca as an organized, contemporary religion.
The live-action films briefly played in certain North American theaters in 2008, before receiving home video releases.
The pilot, directed by New Zealander Geoff Murphy, was shot in Mescal, Arizona and the Dragoon Mountains of Arizona, near Tombstone.
It is an adaptation of the historical fantasy novel Teito Monogatari by Hiroshi Aramata.
It also contains a distinctive metal soundtrack with electronica elements, often featuring electric guitar solos at dramatic moments.
1 and is not an official spinoff.
This also serves to link Matsumoto's previous series Queen Millennia and Galaxy Express 999.
A two-volume manga adaptation by Rurika Kasuga ran in Ribon.
The anime series was licensed in North America by 4Kids Entertainment in 2003, and aired on Fox Box.
Gokusen is a manga series by Kozueko Morimoto.
Central Park Media licensed and released it in a four-disc DVD collection in 2004 under their US Manga Corps label.
The second volume, containing episodes 6-10, was released in September 2010, and translated the title beginning with this volume.
Several audio dramas and music albums were also published.
Dororo was first serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday between August 27, 1967, and July 22, 1968, before being cancelled.
Jing: King of Bandits features a motif in the form of references to alcohol.
None of the episodes were released on DVD, but almost all of them have been released on VHS.
Two special episodes for the second season were aired in October 2009.
It centers on a fictional police station in Sumida, Tokyo as its officers tackle everyday criminals while keeping people safe.
The series revolves around three young girls who work for a detective agency who one day receive magical powers from a mysterious boy.
Mama Loves the Poyopoyo-Saurus is a yonkoma manga series by Takako Aonuma which ran in the Fujinseikatsusha child-raising magazine Petit Enfant.
It premiered across Japan on numerous television stations, including Animax, Tokyo MX, MBS and others, between October 4, 2005 and April 4, 2006.
Sentai Filmworks acquired North American rights to the series, has released it in two half-season box sets, and is streaming it online.
The OVA was created due to the success of promotional commercials for Before Crisis, with production lasting six months.
At its height it was watched by 40% of the Japanese population who had access to a TV.
It premiered on 18 December 2011 on FTV Main Channel and 24 December 2011 on GTV Variety Show.
It is an episode-based animated sitcom of the daily experiences of a family of four.
ADV announced that the anime would be a second release on DVD on February 5, 2002.
A 12-episode anime adaptation, produced by Madhouse and covering the first four volumes, aired in Japan from July 5 to September 20, 2010.
Kōichi Mashimo directed Madlax and the soundtrack was composed by Yuki Kajiura.
The manga series was collected into ten volumes in Japan, where it received a full anime DVD release.
An anime adaptation, also titled Beyblade and spanning 51 episodes, aired in Japan on TV Tokyo from January 8, 2001 to December 24, 2001.
The series was adapted into a 21 episode Taiwanese television drama in 2004.
The story follows Chihaya Kisakinomiya, an androgynous male, who transfers into the all-girls school that was the setting of Otoboku.
Several companies have developed various types of merchandising such as a trading card game and numerous video games.
The series ran through March 1997 with 25 episodes.
In the United States, portions of the manga were published by Viz Media in 1990.
It originally ran in the magazine Ribon from 1988–1992, and was adapted into an OVA in 1991.
The series is characterized by dynamic and exciting football moves, often stylish and implausible.
Discotek Media has since re-licensed Diebuster as Gunbuster 2: Diebuster and it was released on May 21, 2013.
Appearing as a serial in the weekly manga magazine Big Comic Spirits from 2001 to 2002.
In 2011 it became the first hentai title released on Blu-ray.
There are also two sex manuals and an art book.
A second "season" of the manga, named: Amaenaideyo!!
A four-volume original video animation series was produced from 2002 and 2004.
The complete work consists of 28 tankōbon volumes, while years later it was reprinted into twenty-two kanzenban volumes.
The series was originally serialized in MediaWorks' now-defunct light novel magazine Dengeki hp and spanned eight volumes released between October 2003 and August 2006.
TOKYOPOP later licensed the manga under its original title, which began publication on April 2008.
It's her the most successful album in her whole career history.
Shakugan no Shana, also known simply as Shana, is a Japanese light novel series written by Yashichiro Takahashi with illustrations by Noizi Ito.
009-1 is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shotaro Ishinomori.
Burn Up Scramble : Storyboard, Episode Director
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is currently Shueisha's second largest manga series with its chapters collected into 119 tankōbon volumes and counting.
The manga has been adapted into a four-episode original video animation anime.
It also received two Game Boy Color video games released in 1999 in Japan, as well as a Wonderswan game.
Ashley McKenzie is an English judoka competing at the men's 60 kg division.
The series derives its title from the name of the two main characters, both of whom are called Nana.
Only volumes 1–19 have been translated, with no plans to release the rest.
Another stated intention of the series is for it to be more accessible to non-fans than the original TV series and films were.
These Guardians of Death work for Enma Daiō, the king of the dead, sorting out the expected and unexpected arrivals to the Underworld.
The story has also been adapted into anime and a live-action television series.
It was serialized in Young Magazine from 1995 to 2013, with the chapters collected into 48 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
It was published by Shogakukan in the magazine Shōnen Sunday from September 2002 until November 2004 and collected in 8 tankōbon volumes.
A live-action movie adaptation was released in Japan on January 28, 2006 with Aki Maeda starring as Chise.
While many of the episodes are aimed at children, a large percentage are not, so the program enjoys a wide audience.
God Mars is named as such to represent the mythological Roman God of war.
Several audio dramas and music albums were also published.
The manga was serialized in Japan in Hakusensha's semi-monthly shōjo manga magazine, Hana to Yume.
It was serialized in the Shōnen Gahosha magazine Young King Comics from 1997 to 2010 for a total of 33 volumes.
It was adapted as two V-Cinema live action films in 1995 and 1997.
Soon, the team is entered into the All-Japan High School Championship.
The title Dai Mahō-Tōge is a pun on The Sword of Doom, a 1966 jidaigeki movie.
The manga series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment.
Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn RE:0096 premiered on Adult Swim's Toonami block on January 7, 2017.
An anime adaptation by the studio Nomad started airing on April 4, 2011.
A Final Chapter movie, three OVAs, and a music special were also produced, with a live-action movie made by Toei in 1986.
Vampire Princess Miyu is a Japanese horror manga series by Narumi Kakinouchi and Toshiki Hirano, as well as an anime adaptation by the same creators.
Both it and the OVAs were later licensed and released by Central Park Media under the original name.
The manga storyline is somewhat self-referential, as several asides show that the characters are fully aware that they exist in a manga.
The Vision of Escaflowne is a 26-episode Japanese anime television series produced by Sunrise Studios and directed by Kazuki Akane.
A 12-episode anime adaptation titled Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na: Crescent Love aired in Japan between October and December 2006.
is a romantic soccer kid manga drawn by Noriaki Nagai.
Mobile Suit Gundam 0080: War in the Pocket is a six episode 1989 Japanese science fiction original video animation series.
There are no plans for English adaptations of Stream, Beast, Beast+, or the movie at the moment.
An anime based on the manga was created by Mushi Production and was broadcast on Fuji Television from 1965 to 1967.
Famous Dog Lassie is a 1996 Japanese anime series produced by Nippon Animation as the 23rd entry of the World Masterpiece Theater staple.
It is now licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
This darkness was what made the Skull Man so magnetic and successful.
Locke the Superman is a manga series by Yuki Hijiri which was later adapted into a movie and three OVA releases.
Premium members from 16 to 19 February 2007.
Saiyuki is a manga series by Kazuya Minekura which was serialized in G-Fantasy from 1997 to 2002.
The anime was later rebroadcast across Japan on the anime satellite television network Animax and on NHK satellite channel BS2.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Sphere Tenku started serialization in September 2010 in Seikaisha's online magazine Saizensen.
Strain: Strategic Armored Infantry is a mecha anime series by Studio Fantasia.
A live-action version was made, titled Steel Angel Kurumi Pure, but has a different continuity to the anime.
Green Green is a Japanese, 12-episode anime adaptation of the H-game of the same name.
Nana is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ai Yazawa.
No official English translations exist to date for the manga or its adaptations.
Locke the Superman is a manga series by Yuki Hijiri which was later adapted into a movie and three OVA releases.
It was adapted into a live action film in 2002 directed by Junji Hanado, and an anime OVA series in 2003–04.
The anime premiered on Animax under the title, Shōnen Onmyoji: The Young Spirit Master.
Tokyopop released the two volumes of Aqua on October 2007 and February 2008, and six volumes of Aria between January 2008 and December 2010.
The show ran for seven seasons beginning on 29 January 2006 and ending on 30 December 2012.
Sentai Filmworks has licensed the television series and re-released the series on DVD and for the first time on Blu-ray Disc.
Shaman King is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei.
Additionally, a special chapter of the manga was announced, to commemorate Kurumada's 40th anniversary as a manga artist.
It was adapted in a manga series written and illustrated by Iderou Hinoki in 1999.
The series has 26 episodes that run for 25 minutes.
Macross II was produced by Big West, with no involvement from the original series creators Studio Nue.
Three original video animation episodes were later released from February to April 2007.
The first manga was licensed and published by Del Rey Manga.
Characteristically, they feature very little male involvement in sexual acts, which contributes to the voyeuristic atmosphere.
Ninku is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kōji Kiriyama.
Shakugan no Shana, also known simply as Shana, is a Japanese light novel series written by Yashichiro Takahashi with illustrations by Noizi Ito.
Caramel Box later produced a sequel to Otoboku titled Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru: Futari no Elder released on June 30, 2010 playable on Windows PCs.
It was later ported as a DVD game and for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable.
The anime series never adapted the whole manga series, and included instead a different ending with no conclusion.
The Drifting Classroom is a horror manga series by Kazuo Umezu.
Perman, by Fujiko Fujio, is a Japanese manga and anime about a clumsy boy, Mitsuo Suwa, who is chosen to apprentice to a powerful superhero.
Studio Pierrot adapted the series into a 52-episode anime series.
The manga was published in Weekly Shōnen Magazine and ran from 1963 to 1966.
The later series was produced by Tezuka Productions.
The first anime series was broadcast on TBS from April 21, 1968 to March 23, 1969.
The OVA and anime television series versions were licensed in North America by Central Park Media and released on DVD under their Software Sculptors label.
An animated adaptation ran on Nippon Television from January 6, 2004 to March 30, 2004.
It was serialized in Big Comic Spirits from November 1980 to April 1987, with the chapters collected into 15 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
A fifth film named Heaven Chapter: Overture was released in 2004, originally intended to initiate a continuation of the manga.
Set in the far future, the series tells the story of Cobra, who lives an adventurous life until his enemies begin to hunt him down.
Mobile Suit Gundam is a televised anime series, produced and animated by Sunrise.
In 2008 Kobayashi released a follow-up to Cat Shit One – Cat Shit One 80.
The first season is composed of 52 episodes, while the second, entitled Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch Pure, lasted for 39.
The stories range widely from straightforward girl-gets-boy romance to friendships of various sorts and sometimes supernatural events.
The manga is licensed in English in North America by CMX and the anime is licensed in English by Nozomi Entertainment.
Its first anime adaptation was a short film animated by Toei as part of Jump Festa in 2002.
Ja-pan is a manga, authored by Takashi Hashiguchi, serialized in Shogakukan's Shōnen Sunday, which has been adapted into an anime television series by Sunrise.
It premiered in Monthly Asuka's May 1992 issue and ran there until the magazine's editors showed concern in the increasingly violent stories.
This was followed by a full anime series, which debuted on April 4, 2006, on TV Tokyo and finished on March 25, 2010.
is a Japanese light novel series written by Mamizu Arisawa, with illustrations by Kanna Wakatsuki.
The series was set in the ski resort of the same name and aired for two seasons from 2006 to 2008.
In Australia, it is distributed on DVD by Madman Entertainment.
The story presents themes on the conflicts between cultural traditions and modern society, and the relationship between people.
One day, she sees a track and field competition on TV, and becomes attracted to one of the high jump competitors, Izumi Sano.
Gurren Lagann, known in Japan as Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann, is a Japanese mecha anime television series animated by Gainax and co-produced by Aniplex and Konami.
This story was an early 20th-century Japanese folk tale performed on kamishibai.
For the North American market, Funimation announced a hybrid release of the OVA for August 6, 2013.
It was licensed for North America and the United Kingdom by ADV Films, and 7 volumes of videos were released on DVD.
The Utsunomiko movie premiered in 1989, followed by a second movie and a 13-episode OVA starting in 1990.
The series was adapted into an anime in 2004 by NHK and a manga in 2005 serialized in Asuka magazine.
Her most famous role is the voice of the children's hero Anpanman on the long running anime Soreike!
The series also spawned a live-action drama special starring Misaki Ito and Sachie Hara.
The series aired in the United States on Cartoon Network's cartoon block Toonami on July 20, 2000 and ended on August 24, 2000.
Idol Project is a short, four-episode long OAV series produced in 1995 by Studio OX.
One day, she sees a track and field competition on TV, and becomes attracted to one of the high jump competitors, Izumi Sano.
The anime was licensed for release in the United States by Synch-Point, but its domestic distribution license has since expired.
It aired from July 1987 to March 1988, and its 17:00-17:30 timeslot was used to broadcast Mashin Hero Wataru at the end of its broadcast.
It is a retelling of the story from the 1979 anime television series Mobile Suit Gundam, of which Yasuhiko was the original character designer.
On July 23, 2007, a manga adaptation began serialization in Kodansha's Magazine Z.
The manga has been licensed for English language distribution by North American–based company Seven Seas Entertainment; the first volume was released in July 2007.
Saruwatari's longest running manga is the action comic Tough which has been serialized in Young Jump over a decade.
The original game was officially discontinued April 21, 2011.
Meanwhile, the manga was localized by Viz Media, who used Funimation's changed title and character names.
An additional OVA was released on November 27, 2013.
It was released in Japan by Group TAC.
Galactic Gale Baxingar is a mecha anime series that aired from 1982 to 1983 in Japan.
The mechanical designs for the series are provided by Shōji Kawamori and Kazutaka Miyatake with Yutaka Izubuchi being the concept advisor.
Originally airing in Japan on February 24, 1993, between episodes 175 and 176, the special is based on an extra chapter of the manga series.
The manga was first published in English by Kodansha International in 2001, with a newer version by Vertical in 2011.
Aniplex of America re-released the original Read or Die episodes and the TV series on Blu-ray in Winter 2010/2011.
Drawing inspiration from Super Sentai, the youngsters can don battle suits by activating their braces with the voice command "Try Dagwon!
The visual novel was well received whereas the first anime adaptation received mixed reviews.
The first two episodes of the English dub were released on an dual audio European Spanish DVD.
In a 2006 TV Asahi survey of Japanese celebrities, the Captain TV series ranked 13th in a list of the top 100 responses.
Some of the activities shown include masturbation, bondage, lesbian sex etc.
Grappler Baki Maximum Tournament : Series director
Lovely Idol first began as a set of illustrated short stories serialized in Enterbrain's Magical Cute magazine.
The first season consists of 70 episodes, as well as the second season, with 140 episodes all in all.
The story is centered on the prefecture of Gunma, more specifically on several mountains in the Kantō region and in their surrounding cities and towns.
The manga is being adapted to a second, reboot, TV drama series to be aired on Fuji TV in 2017.
Puni Puni Poemy is a two-part original video animation spin-off from the Excel Saga manga and TV animation.
It has been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday since June 2009, with the individual chapters collected and published into tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
It is about the misadventures of a dim-witted boy and his insane father, the latter of whom eventually becomes the central character.
The first series was released in the U.S. on two DVDs, entitled Angel Blade and Angel Blade Returns.
The original manga spanned nine tankōbon volumes and was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump manga magazine between 1993 and 1995.
1+2＝Paradise is a manga series by Sumiko Kamimura.
The manga was published by Hakusensha, Kodansha and later by Seishinsha.
El-Hazard is a Japanese anime franchise written by Ryoe Tsukimura and directed by Hiroki Hayashi.
It is a sequel to Takahashi's 1980s manga Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin, and focuses on Weed, the son of Gin, the original series' protagonist.
In December 2005, a two-part original video animation entitled School Rumble: Extra Class was released.
Several soundtrack albums were released, as well as three Azumanga Daioh video games.
The manga was first released in English by ADV Manga, and was later re-issued by Yen Press.
The anime adaptations are licensed by Funimation who released them in North America.
The story begins during the 11th year of the Meiji period in Japan and follows a former assassin from the Bakumatsu, known as Hitokiri Battosai.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a Japanese anime series, directed by Hiroshi Saitô which was broadcast in 1980.
The anime has been licensed by Funimation for an English-language release in North America.
AnimEigo licensed the TV series for North American distribution in August 2006.
A number of video games based on the series have been released for platforms such as the Game Boy, Game Gear, Sega Saturn, and PlayStation.
Clannad has made several transitions to other media.
Queen Latifah, Benjamin Bratt, Amiyah Scott and Quincy Brown co-star.
Ikki Tousen, also known as Battle Vixens in North America, is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuji Shiozaki.
It was serialized in Young Magazine from 1995 to 2013, with the chapters collected into 48 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Getter Robo is a Super Robot manga series created by Ken Ishikawa and Go Nagai, as well as an anime series produced by Toei Animation.
The game is divided into three segments—Dream, Summer, and Air—which serve as different phases in the overall story.
Viz translated part of the manga into English and released nine out-of-order issues in North America between December 6, 1988 and April 4, 1989.
Based on an original story by Shinji Nagashima and Hiromi Productions, the series featured character designs by Kazuo Komatsubara and scripts by Masaki Tsuji.
In December 2003, a manga adaptation written and illustrated by Setsuri Tsuzuki was published by Kadokawa.
The single Aishitemasu didn't make it to this album, instead it was released in her the first compilation album Back Beats #1.
An animated film version of this manga was released on March 20, 1981 in Japan.
The manga has been given positive reviews by the popular anime and manga magazine Newtype USA, and at the online resources Anime News Network and IGN.
This a list of episodes for the anime Strawberry Marshmallow.
A manga version drawn by Nana Mochizuki was serialized in Media Factory's manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive between August 2006 and October 2009.
The show was co-produced by Broccoli and Madhouse and aired in early 2002 on TV Tokyo.
Sumomomo Momomo: The Strongest Bride on Earth is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shinobu Ohtaka.
Best Student Council is a manga series that began February 2005.
The series was licensed for an English-language release by Viz Media and published in North America starting in 1990.
An anime adaptation of the webcomic supervised by Inoue was released in 2005, a second season coming out two years later.
A second live action series aired in Japan during 2012, and two more in 2014.
It tells the story of Ruuji Familon, a young boy who finds a Liger-type Zoid during a salvage mission.
Six original video animation episodes were produced by Xebec between April 2009 and April 2010.
Makai Senki Disgaea is an anime series based on the video game Disgaea: Hour of Darkness.
The first one, featuring the character Keigo Atobe reached #14 on the Oricon charts.
The Japanese game was republished in 2006 as Bible Black Slim featuring extended scenes, followed by a short sequel named Bible Black Infection in 2008.
Kyō no Go no Ni is the debut Japanese seinen manga series created by Koharu Sakuraba, the author of Minami-ke.
The Rapeman is a Japanese satirical–black comedy adult manga series.
Season 1 ended on April 21 with the release of the eleventh, twelfth and thirteenth episodes.
Dororo is a Japanese manga series from the manga creator Osamu Tezuka in the late 1960s.
A live-action theatrical film version was released on October 2, 2009.
The Prince Of Tennis is a Japanese manga series about a tennis prodigy written and illustrated by Takeshi Konomi.
The series can be loosely considered a magical girl story.
Lucky Star is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga by Kagami Yoshimizu.
A corresponding toy line was released with the series.
It mixes both drama and action with some comedy and humor.
It was released on VHS and Laserdisc with the title Genesis Surviver Gaiarth.
Norakuro strongly influenced Machiko Hasegawa, the author of Sazae-san, who apprenticed with its author Suihō Tagawa, as well as Fullmetal Alchemist author Hiromu Arakawa.
A second season later aired from April 5 to June 29, 2004.
The voice actors of the main characters from the first anime television series reprise their roles.
In the Densha Otoko drama, it was named just Getsumen Heiki Mina.
It was produced by Asahi Production and was broadcast on three Japanese Association of Independent Television Stations members and Kids Station.
They cover the storyline up to volume 5 of the manga.
Early access has begun on September 15, 2009.
Fushigi Yūgi, also known as Fushigi Yûgi: The Mysterious Play or Curious Play, is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Yuu Watase.
The manga series has been licensed for an English-language release by Dark Horse Comics.
The series has proved extremely popular around the world, both commercially and critically.
Comic Party is inspired from the real world event of Comiket held in Tokyo each summer and winter.
The film series is the largest by number of admissions in Japan.
In North America the series ran from December 5, 2006 to October 28, 2014.
Lovedol ~Lovely Idol~ is the title of a Japanese series which focuses on a group of young girls who are striving to become famous Japanese idols.
The manga was released by Seven Seas Entertainment in North America.
Due to the popularity of the manga, several adaptations of GTO were established.
In 2009, William Winckler Productions produced three all-new English dubbed movie versions edited from the original series.
A manga sequel set 10 years after the original manga, titled Peach Girl Next, began its serialization on Be Love on August 12, 2016.
Two Max Heart movies were released on April 16, 2005 and December 10, 2005 respectively.
News that a sequel to the manga series was going to be developed was announced in the December issue of the Japanese manga magazine Jump Square.
Muv-Luv is a Japanese visual novel developed by âge and originally released as an adult game for the PC on February 28, 2003.
2nd GIG was also later adapted into a feature-length OVA entitled Individual Eleven, which was released in 2006.
Beginning in 1999, Nippon Animation produced a 62-episode anime television series based on Hunter × Hunter.
The anime also references other Japanese media personalities such as Ken Shimura.
Monkey Typhoon is a Japanese manga written by Tadashi Agi and illustrated by Romu Aoi.
2001 Nights is largely inspired by classic hard science fiction, with many visual homages to previous science fiction novels and films.
Geneon licensed and dubbed 79 episodes of the second television series, 26 of which were broadcast on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim during 2003.
Critical reception has also been positive with focus on the themes and events occurring throughout the series.
It was serialized in Young Magazine from 1995 to 2013, with the chapters collected into 48 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Transformers: Super-God Masterforce is a Japanese Transformers line of toys and anime series that ran from April 12, 1988 to March 7, 1989 for 42 episodes.
An OVA was also released in 2006; and five different manga series.
The manga series has been licensed for an English-language release by Dark Horse Comics.
Both the manga and anime have been released in North America by Viz Media.
In North America, ADV released the series on six DVDs between June 11, 2002 and April 8, 2003.
It also is a parody of early role-playing video games, particularly turn-based games such as the Dragon Quest games.
It follows the everyday life of Takashi Kamiyama and his odd classmates at Cromartie High School, an infamous school for delinquents.
The novel was compiled into seven volumes following a 41 chapter run from 2011 to 2014.
Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon is often cited with popularizing the concept of a team of magical girls and for revitalizing the magical girl genre.
It was followed by a bonus DVD episode, Christmas and Spring television specials, and a three episode original video animation entitled Love Hina Again.
There is also a manga adaptation which has also been published in the US by Tokyopop.
Dororo was first serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday between August 27, 1967, and July 22, 1968, before being cancelled.
At the American Anime Awards held in 2007, it was nominated for best comedy anime.
Macross also created one of the first anime idols Lynn Minmay, turning her voice actress Mari Iijima into an instant celebrity, and launching her musical career.
It is essentially based on four mythological creatures of China.
My Patrasche is a 1992 Japanese animated television series adaptation of Maria Louise Ramé's A Dog of Flanders, produced by Tokyo Movie Shinsha.
It was later adapted into an anime television series by Madhouse, that aired from April to June 2006 for twelve episodes.
A live-action TV special aired in May 2007 on TV Asahi, with a finale aired in July 2008.
Four visual novels were also released for the PlayStation 2, and for Windows 98.
Kinnikuman is a manga series created by the duo Yoshinori Nakai and Takashi Shimada, known as Yudetamago.
A new Book of "The Twelve Kingdoms" will be released in 2016.
At the same time, she learns Lukia Shawl, a missing comrade it seems is somehow involved or at least up to something of her own.
Dear Boys is a sports manga by Hiroki Yagami, published by Kodansha in Monthly Shōnen Magazine.
The sequel is set 50 years after the original series and introduces two new female protagonists, Ascœur and Q-feuille.
In 2015, Shogakukan published under the name of Major 2nd, a sequel series featuring the life of Gorō's son Daigo.
The anime was released in the United States by ADV Films.
Marcel LaFollette says of the program, "It enjoyed consistent praise, awards, and high ratings throughout its history.
Media Factory published 20 volumes between June 2004 and February 2011.
Nodame Cantabile is a manga by Tomoko Ninomiya.
Sorachi added the science fiction setting to develop characters to his liking after his editor suggested doing a historical series.
It made its Pakistani Debut in late 2010 on Cartoon Network and finished at start of 2012 after many reruns.
In North America, the OVAs were released by ADV Films, while several of the films were published by different distributors.
The main storyline in Geobreeders parts 1 and 2 ended with volume 16 of the manga.
The player controls five people as they fight apes and skeletons for experience points.
The nostalgic, honest and thoughtful tone of the strip led to its becoming popular among a wider audience.
However, parents were not pleased which resulted with its English releases have been edited to avoid nudity, potentially racist stereotypes, and other content.
See also below in the characters, and anime episode 20, manga chapters 17 and 25.
Legend of the Galactic Heroes, also known as LOTGH, is a series of science fiction novels written by Yoshiki Tanaka.
The show premiered with a two-hour pilot — a movie which had been exhibited theatrically — and was watched by over 30 million viewers.
Tokyopop then acquired the English-language rights to Aqua as well as Aria.
Gamers opened a store in the United States in 2001, Anime Gamers, that is located in Los Angeles.
Captain Tsubasa has sold over 82 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling manga series.
As an adult, Afro sets off to kill Justice and avenge his father.
The series has also been adapted into an anime directed by Tsutomu Mizushima.
Six original video animation episodes were produced by Xebec between April 2009 and April 2010.
It was sold outside Japan via K. Fujita Associates Inc., with Warner Bros.-Seven Arts Television handling worldwide distribution of the English-language version.
The title translates roughly as Sunlight All Around!
A single light novel written by Mako Komao and illustrated by the manga's artist was published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko imprint in January 2006.
Monster has been critically acclaimed, with the manga having won several awards and its anime adaptation being called one of the best of the decade.
The plot follows the story of a boy named Yugi Mutou, who solves the ancient Millennium Puzzle.
Great Teacher Onizuka, officially abbreviated as GTO, is a Japanese shōnen manga written and illustrated by Tooru Fujisawa.
Dragon Half is a manga created by Ryūsuke Mita and serialized in Monthly Dragon Magazine from 1988 to 1994.
The individual chapters were collected and published in five tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Suika has made several transitions to other media.
A 13-episode second season entitled Hidamari Sketch × 365 aired in Japan between July and September 2008.
The project was created by Satoru Akahori, features the original character designs of Kazushi Hagiwara and Kazuchika Kise.
The anime series was licensed in North America by The Right Stuf International and the Sekihiko Inui's manga is licensed by Tokyopop.
It was produced by the Gonzo animation studio.
His biggest problem is that he doesn't follow orders and his partners either end up getting killed or seriously injured.
It was adapted into an anime OVA.
They fight with spaceships, which have been made to teleport their pilots back to the mother ship upon destruction.
The team also have a large robotic base called Dag Base at their disposal.
Yokoyama's sequel to the series, set in a parallel universe, is entitled His Name Is 101.
You're Under Arrest is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kōsuke Fujishima and was serialized in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine from 1986 through 1992.
A bonus fan disc called Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Rei was released on December 31, 2006.
As of 2006, the collected volumes had 50 million copies in Japan, making it the second best-selling shōjo manga ever.
In 2009, the series made its American television debut on the Funimation Channel, with American broadcast rights acquired by Funimation from Viz Media.
Tetsujin 28-gō is a 1956 manga written and illustrated by Mitsuteru Yokoyama, who also created Giant Robo.
There, Neuro recruits high school student Yako Katsuragi as a facade for a detective agency.
The manga is described as a "salaryman and action manga."
Most of the production work was handled by Korean animators.
The anime has been licensed for English release by Section 23 Films.
Over 5.4 million copies of the light novels have been published.
In Indonesia, this anime Originally Broadcast by Lativi since year 2007 and Global TV since year 2008.
Ginga Legend Weed is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Takahashi.
Boys Over Flowers is a 2009 South Korean television series starring Lee Min-ho, Ku Hye-sun, Kim Hyun-joong, Kim Bum, Kim Joon and Kim So-eun.
Three OVAs were produced by AIC and Pink Pineapple and were released in 1994.
The series follows Kotaro who is stranded on an uncharted island inhabited by strange talking animals and has no memory of his past.
Afro Samurai, also written AFRO SAMURAI, is a Japanese seinen dōjinshi manga series written and illustrated by manga artist Takashi Okazaki.
The young man was born of an ogre's corpse, like the oni born of human's body, making him pure ogre blood.
Nana won the 2002 Shogakukan Manga Award for Shōjo manga and has sold over 43 million copies.
The critically acclaimed series is often referred to as a visually explicit yet humorous and thought-provoking portrayal of the Buddha's life.
The story is centered on the prefecture of Gunma, more specifically on several mountains in the Kantō region and in their surrounding cities and towns.
The series follows Neuro Nōgami, a demon who depends on mysteries for sustenance.
There is a slight difference in the title of the series between media and national affiliation.
Numerous movies and television series have followed.
In 2009, FUNimation Entertainment dubbed the anime under the name Save Me!
Black Lagoon is an anime series adapted from the titular manga series by Rei Hiroe.
Three video games have been produced—two for the PlayStation 2 in July 2005 and July 2006, and one for the PlayStation Portable in 2005.
Monster is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Urasawa.
It premiered on January 15, 2010, until its conclusion on March 19, 2010.
The distribution of the first OVA series was originally started in September 1992 and released six episodes that lasted until 1993.
His initial attempt with the story ran from 1985 to 1988.
Century Beast Warriors, is an anime series.
Tales of the Abyss is a role-playing video game developed by Namco Tales Studio as the eighth main title in their Tales series.
Viz Media produced English-language versions of the manga and licensed the first two seasons of the anime.
The official English name is Meet the Boneheads.
The series made its U.S. premiere on Cartoon Network on June 3, 2006, after it ended in most other countries.
The company was founded in 1977 by producer and director Satoshi Dezaki in order to produce the anime television series Shin Kyojin no Hoshi.
A second season of To-Love Ru Darkness, called To Love-Ru Darkness 2nd, aired between July and October 2015.
Violinist of Hameln is a fantasy adventure manga created by Michiaki Watanabe.
It has been released in some countries under the name Prince Mackaroo.
The anime series, special, and OVA were licensed for release in North America by Bandai Entertainment.
The rights to The Counter Attack of Siberian Yagyu were held by Geneon Entertainment.
The story is loosely based on the Chinese novel Journey to the West.
As of 2005 two new OVAs were made, but this time they focused on what had happened back in the heavens.
All three were released in early 1999.
Viz Media publishes an English edition in North America.
Big Windup!, often shortened to just Ōfuri, is a baseball manga series by Asa Higuchi, serialized in the monthly seinen Afternoon magazine since 2003.
The main character, Candice "Candy" White Audley is a blonde girl with freckles, large emerald green eyes and long, curly hair, worn in pigtails with bows.
Produced by Aniplex and animated by Studio Deen, the TV series aired on NHK from May 15th, 2002 to August 14th, 2002.
FUNimation also included episodes of Mr. Stain on many of its other DVD releases.
It aired in the United Kingdom on Kix!.
It was serialized in Play Comic from 1977 to 1979, with the chapters collected into five tankōbon volumes by Akita Shoten.
Ninku is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kōji Kiriyama.
Negadon has been broadcast across Japan by the anime satellite television network, Animax.
There have been four manga adaptations published by ASCII Media Works, Flex Comix, Fujimi Shobo and Jive.
Now it's currently available on Kindle through Viz Media.
As of 2006, the collected volumes had 50 million copies in Japan, making it the second best-selling shōjo manga ever.
This is the first time Miss Ayumi has a lead role.
If the actors are distracted, their mask will "break" and show on stage the actors' true feelings.
The story is loosely based on the Chinese novel Journey to the West.
Before Funimation Entertainment acquired the rights to the anime in 2001, the films were dubbed and released in North America by two other companies.
Phoenix is an unfinished manga series by Osamu Tezuka.
Shadow Skill is a shōnen series which features Styles of combat, such as martial arts.
The anime was released in North America on VHS and DVD by ADV Films.
It ran for 26 episodes and was released on DVD on five volumes by The Right Stuf International in the United States.
The original manga was adapted into a live-action drama for Fuji Television in 1969 entitled Flower Action 009ノ1.
On October 10, 2014, Open Beta Testing was announced, set for March 24, 2015.
The series ended in November 2014 and was followed by Masuda Kōsuke Gekijō Gag Manga Biyori GB.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from October 21, 1998 to October 31, 2001, with the chapters collected into 14 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Fancy Lala, known in Japan as Fancy Lala, the Magic Stage is a magical girl anime series produced by Studio Pierrot in 1988.
Many characters are adapted from Hoshino's previous works and drafts, such as Zone.
There also was a 26-episode television series which as of July 2008 has not been licensed in the US.
Scripts regarding the plot of the anime closely followed the author's planned ending.
is a manga by Tohru Fujisawa which was published from March 1990 to September 1996 and compiled in 31 volumes.
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is currently Shueisha's second largest manga series with its chapters collected into 119 tankōbon volumes and counting.
1 in its first week on the Oricon chart.
Rurouni Kenshin: Reflection is now licensed by Aniplex of America for English-language releases.
Some of the Episodes draw their plot elements from the Mazinger Z manga, "Episode 3: Kouji Assassination Order!"
It was written by Hisayuki Toriumi and directed by Mamoru Oshii.
It is usually classified as humorous space opera.
Saikano was originally serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits magazine.
This is the first ever DVD release in the US.
Gamers opened a store in the United States in 2001, Anime Gamers, that is located in Los Angeles.
A second series, Picchipichi Shizuku-chan, ran from October 2012 to September 2013.
The story was never completed, having been cut short by Tezuka's death in 1989.
Two special episodes for the second season were aired in October 2009.
Visually and thematically, the film has many aspects in common with the American science-fiction/horror film Alien, as well as The Thing and 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Space Emperor God Sigma is a mecha anime television series aired from 1980 to 1981.
The first two episodes were done by Media Factory, while the last was done by Bandai Visual.
The story revolves around a teenage boy named Jing who despite his young age is known as the "King of Bandits".
Final, was directed by Makoto Sato and was released in 14 episodes among seven volumes from March 3 to August 18, 2004.
A series of novels were published by Harvest between 2006 and 2008.
The series went on hiatus in early 2008, but resumed publication in June 2009.
In 2005, the series was adapted into an anime series and a PlayStation 2 video game.
The Shaman King manga was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump between 1998 and 2004.
It is the twelfth feature film based on the shōnen manga series One Piece by Eiichiro Oda.
Takahashi's only protection is from a mysterious nude female superhero—the titular Kekko Kamen.
As the series progresses, Weed and his allies journey throughout Japan, aiding those in need and preventing takeovers.
Captain is a baseball manga series by Akio Chiba which ran in Monthly Shōnen Jump from 1972 to 1979.
Hana-Kimi or known originally as Hanazakari no Kimitachi e in Japan, is a shōjo manga series written by Hisaya Nakajo.
The series is often referred to in wāpuro rōmaji as Yokohama Kaidashi Kikou, or simply abbreviated as YKK by fans outside Japan.
has sold over 3 million copies in Japan and has been adapted as a live-action TV series.
He is best known for illustrating the American football manga Eyeshield 21, in collaboration with writer Riichiro Inagaki.
It premiered on NHK Educational TV on May 12, 2007.
She has done voice acting for numerous animated films, television shows, and video games.
A manga adaptation was serialized in the Champion RED Magazine beginning in March 2007, and the chapters were collected into one volume.
The complete manga series is being released in Kindle format by Creek & River starting in 2015.
The Guyver: Bio-Booster Armor is a 12 part anime OVA loosely based on Yoshiki Takaya's manga, Bio Booster Armor Guyver.
The television drama, produced by Fuji TV and Kyodo Television, aired on 4 August 1986.
A more recent anime series, Comic Party Revolution, came out in 2003.
It was serialized in Afternoon Seasons Zōkan from 1999 to 2002, and in Monthly Afternoon from December 2002 to August 2008.
Madhouse adapted the first eleven volumes of the series into a twenty-six episode anime series.
It was also adapted into a 26 episode anime television series which aired on NTV from 1983-01-10 to 1983-07-04.
In addition, two fandiscs were also released, Muv-Luv Supplement and Muv-Luv Altered Fable, containing alternate scenarios, short stories, computer wallpapers, and audio dramas.
The anime resulted in three movies and three OVA episodes.
The manga has been adapted into three television seasons, three OVA series and a film, all animated by Studio Deen.
The manga was serialized in Young Magazine from 1987 to 2002, spanning to a total of 40 volumes.
In the United States, it was referred to as Spaceketeers and was part of Jim Terry's Force Five series.
In 1996, a new adaptation of this story was aired in Japan.
Gordian Warrior is a Japanese anime television series that aired in 1979 to 1981.
They all have "Zorori" in the title.
Set in the far future, the series tells the story of Cobra, who lives an adventurous life until his enemies begin to hunt him down.
Enoki Films held the North American distribution rights of TV series, under the name Nana the Supergirl, though the series was never aired in North America.
An anime television series adaptation produced by MAPPA and Studio VOLN began airing on July 3, 2015, and finished airing on June 24, 2016.
Tetsujin 28-gō is a 1956 manga written and illustrated by Mitsuteru Yokoyama, who also created Giant Robo.
The series was licensed by in North America in August 1995 by ADV Films.
Madhouse also produced an original video animation episode in 2011.
The new series stars a new Hikarian, Lightning West, and a new human lead, Kenta Hijiribashi.
In the United States, over 100 thousand copies were sold during the first two weeks and has sold over a million copies worldwide.
Neo Ranga was originally aired in Japan as part of the omnibus show Anime Complex.
A total of 32 anime episodes and one specially released OVA episode were eventually produced.
A bonus fan disc called Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Rei was released on December 31, 2006.
The anime film was licensed and released in North America by Central Park Media.
Together the two must overcome their differences, fight their past demons, and come together to ensure that Genom City survives the onslaught of the BOOMERS.
The series takes place in the fictional city of Daikoku, a hotbed of AR development with an emerging citywide virtual infrastructure.
The anime series was also licensed by Viz, but is now licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
A 52-episode anime adaptation of the manga by SynergySP aired between April 2007 and March 2008 on TV Tokyo.
In addition, several soundtrack albums of classical music have been released, as well as three video games.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Sphere Tenku started serialization in September 2010 in Seikaisha's online magazine Saizensen.
Publisher Vertical Inc continued and concluded the series in 2012.
The series revolves around Aki, a busty android maid constructed by the Gene Corporation.
Keaton was awarded a Career Achievement Award from both the Hollywood Film Festival and Zurich Film Festivals.
Naoki Urasawa and Takashi Nagasaki created a sequel to the series, titled Master Keaton Remaster.
For this problem, there exists the organization STAND equipped with their Gears led by the mysterious Raven.
It follows the misadventures of a student named Mayumi Takahashi who attends a boarding school called Sparta Academy that is run by sadistic psychopaths.
Minehiro Kinomoto, Nao Nagasawa, Mao Ichimichi, Shizuka Midorikawa, Naoto Takenaka, and Aya Sugimoto were also cast.
In addition to the success of the anime series, Afro Samurai has also been adapted into a video game and an upcoming live-action feature film.
In 1987 the novel was adapted into a 3-episode original video animation by J.C.Staff.
Leo the Lion is a sequel to the Japanese-American co-produced series "Jungle Emperor", or Kimba the White Lion.
Although it has been distributed in the other parts of the world, at present has not been licensed in North America.
Angel Heart is a manga series written and illustrated by Tsukasa Hojo published in the Weekly Comic Bunch from 2001 throughout 2010.
It was serialized by Kodansha in the manga anthology magazine Weekly Morning from 1994 to 2005.
The series was directed by Kazuo Yamazaki with character designs by Shuichi Shimamura, series composition by Yasuko Kobayashi and music by Tamiya Terashima.
An anime version was created and broadcast from December 2002 to March 2003 by AT-X.
universe, most especially by MITHRIL and Amalgam.
Principal photography began in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on May 13, 2013 and officially concluded on July 12, 2013.
In addition to Astray R and Astray B, there is another Astray manga series.
Companies have developed thousands of types of merchandise, such as video games, and a light novel.
It is directed by Mamoru Kanbe and written by Hideki Sonoda.
The television drama, produced by Fuji TV and Kyodo Television, aired on 4 August 1986.
The film version won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize in 1983.
After the release of the anime series, Okazaki remade the original Afro Samurai dōjinshi into a two-volume manga.
is an ongoing Japanese comedy manga series by Kiyohiko Azuma, the creator of Azumanga Daioh.
Originally serialized in Shōjo Comic, the individual chapters were published in ten tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan from May 2003 until August 2005.
The series is set on a future, decimated Earth after the discovery of a mysterious, alien spacecraft dubbed "Orphan".
The word "Ge Ge Ge" in the title is a cackling noise in the Japanese language.
The character was created by editor Mort Weisinger and principally authored by Edmond Hamilton.
There are three anime series of Qtaro.
The third OVA, titled "Much Ado About Nothing", is 45 minutes long and came out in Japan in 2001.
The series was adapted by Toei Animation as a 76-episode anime television series which aired on TV Asahi and Fuji TV in 1994 to 1995.
Premiering across Fuji TV between January 12 and December 28, 1986, it has rerun across Japan on Animax from February 2007.
In the United States, over 100 thousand copies were sold during the first two weeks and has sold over a million copies worldwide.
Justy is also an esper with remarkable powers.
The release of the series into Canada was done through ZIV International in 1978.
On February 22, 2017, Fox renewed the series for a second season, which is set to premiere on September 27, with a crossover with Empire.
Medarot Damashii followed a year later, airing from September 13, 2003 until March 7, 2004.
The following examples are separated into anime, armed groups, internet, literature, music, novels, other, products, sports, television and business.
Literally translated, the title means "Bluer Than Indigo".
The 25-episode television series ran from late 1983 to early 1984 in Japan.
Futari no Elder was ported to the PSP with the adult content removed.
Cyberteam in Akihabara is a 1998 science fiction anime series created by Tsukasa Kotobuki and Satoru Akahori.
Its storyline largely revolves around the lives and close relationships of the school's student council known as the Yamayuri Council.
Yugi awakens a gambling alter-ego within his body that solves his conflicts using various games.
by Gonzo in 2002, Full Metal Panic?
The series also spawned a live-action drama special starring Misaki Ito and Sachie Hara.
It is licensed in North America by Tokyopop and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
Ojarumaru is a Japanese Yonkoma manga series created by Rin Inumaru, serialized in Shogakukan's Shojo magazine Ciao from 1993 until its cancellation in 2006.
A three-part finale was serialized in Monthly Comic Ryū in 2007.
A total of 409 chapters were published and compiled into 36 separate books.
However, subsequent releases, including all three DVD releases in the United States, have edited the OVA into a 60-minute anime film.
Its story centers on the male protagonist Takaaki Kouno, and focuses on the appeal of the female main characters.
The second season, featuring the "Vehicle Team Voltron", was adapted from the unrelated anime series Armored Fleet Dairugger XV.
The original 1970 version was digitally released in English by Ishimori productions in 2012.
The complete work consists of 28 tankōbon volumes, while years later it was reprinted into twenty-two kanzenban volumes.
It spanned a total of six episodes that are spread across three DVDs, the last of which being released on January 25, 2008.
An anime television series was created by Studio Gallop and NAS and broadcast on TV Tokyo every Friday from April 5, 1996 to March 27, 1998.
An animated film telling the story between the first and second seasons of the anime was released on December 13, 2008.
It used the second dub for the remaining episodes.
The title was later shortened to simply Tōka Gettan and the subtitle was removed.
VIZ Media published the manga adaptations and storybooks in English.
Muv-Luv Alternative: Total Eclipse was later adapted into a visual novel by âge in 2013.
It is also referred to as Dairugger 15, Dairugger XV, Armored Armada Dairugger XV, Armored Squadron Dairugger XV, or Machine Platoon Dairugger.
The novel takes place in Gundam's Universal Century timeline.
Shizuku chan Aha debuted one year later in 2007.
It is credited as being created and written by Keiko Aisaki, and illustrated by Shintaro Miyawaki, and ran from 1985 to 1992.
The manga was also adapted into a Japanese television drama in 2011 that aired on TV Asahi.
In 2012 the series was resumed under the Shinchō Bunko line from Shinchosha.
Alps Story: My Annette is a Japanese anime series by Nippon Animation.
It is this promise that drives the seemingly hermit-like Leo in this series.
In a poll conducted by TV Asahi in 2005, the Captain Tsubasa anime series ranked 41 in a list of top 100 anime series.
Cobra is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Buichi Terasawa.
Gungrave is a Japanese animated television series based on the video game of the same name, created by Yasuhiro Nightow.
Tokyo Broadcasting System adapted a TV drama from the manga in 1970.
Two drama CDs have also been produced.
Critics have generally praised the series for its illustrations and its portrayal of supernatural elements.
The anime was released in the United States by ADV Films.
A movie, Adolescence of Utena, was released in theatres in 1999.
The game's story is linear, with only one story decision near the end, leading to one of five different endings.
Akane Tachibana and Hitonari Hiiragi were rising stars of high school basketball and bitter rivals on the court.
In North America, the OVAs were released by ADV Films, while several of the films were published by different distributors.
The anime series was licensed and released in the US by Media Blasters in a set of 3 DVDs in early 2006.
The second series ran from 1971–1972 on Nihon TV, this time in color.
A movie with the pivotal episodes strung together titled Starbirds was released in the US by the same company that released Tranzor Z.
Two sets of drama CDs were produced, one by Wayuta and the other by Frontier Works.
Earth is the target of the former Sargasso prisoners who took over the prison asteroid and attack our planet.
Tonoin Kei, a musical genius who has studied extensively in the area of conducting, falls in love with a music teacher, Morimura Yuuki.
Also in 2011, a live-action theatrical film series began.
The series often discards realism in favor of comedic effect.
In 2010, the Christian Broadcasting Network made the 52 episodes available for viewing online.
Tsukihime is a Japanese adult dōjin visual novel created by Type-Moon, who first released it at the Winter Comiket in December 2000.
Whistler is a Canadian television drama centring on the aftermath of the mysterious death of a local snowboard legend.
She begins to idolize the young athlete and eventually transfers to Japan to attend the same school that Sano attends.
It was first serialized in the manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Sunday in 2002 and ended in 2005.
The result was Crusher Joe, a group of anti-heroes who were not the typical self-sacrificing types but noble in their own right nonetheless.
The entire series was published by Kodansha in Japan, and Elex Media Komputindo in Indonesia.
The original series, 4 specials and the Winter Garden special are now licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
The manga was later compiled in Rumic World books, which are available in English from Viz Media.
It was also broadcast to parts of Asia and Australia, and, in 1995, was broadcast in the United States on Cartoon Network.
Terasawa devised it as a mix of spaghetti western and samurai stories, and aspects of films, varying from James Bond to Disney.
The title character is voiced by Shizuka Aoki, and it also features the vocal talents of Urara Takano and Katashi Ishizuka.
The Dagger of Kamui is a Japanese novel series by Tetsu Yano released by Kadokawa Shoten from 1984 to 1985.
Del Rey Manga publishes the English translation of School Rumble.
However the manga series continues to be published with the permission of the artist's widower.
Unlike the previous anime adaptations, this series is animated by Telecom Animation Film with Takashi Sano acting as director and Natsuko Takahashi the head script writer.
There have also been several drama CDs created based on the TV series and manga.
Buso Renkin is a manga series written and drawn by Nobuhiro Watsuki.
In 2010, Inoue received special commendations from the Japan Basketball Association for helping popularize basketball in Japan.
The manga was also adapted into three television drama specials and theatrical film.
The first anime series was first produced in black and white in 1967.
Wild 7 is a Japanese manga series by creator Mikiya Mochizuki that debuted on 1969 on Weekly Shōnen King where it ran until 1979.
This list includes video games and music, but not toys, hobby articles and other merchandise.
It's a spin-off of the Bubblegum Crisis series.
A fourth anime season, Hidamari Sketch x Honeycomb, aired between October and December 2012.
In this mini-series, it is revealed that the Bacterians capture sentient life to create leaders for their space armada.
In 1983, with Dezaki directing, Magic Bus collaborated in the animation production of Captain.
Takahashi's only protection is from a mysterious nude female superhero—the titular Kekko Kamen.
In 1984, Nishimura resigned from Nishiko and in 1985 had his director debut with Pro Golfer Saru.
Toshihiko Seki is a Japanese voice actor and member of 81 Produce.
The original series, 4 specials and the Winter Garden special are now licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
It began serialization by Hakusensha in the shōjo manga magazine LaLa DX in 2005, before switching to LaLa in 2008.
A live action film by Avex and Media Asia was released in 2005.
A direct sequel was also released in manga format called Shin Attack No.1 in 1976, but it was short-lived.
An anime version aired in Japan between April and June 2007; the anime contained thirteen episodes, and two additional DVD-exclusive episodes followed.
The Funimation Channel aired the series on September 6, 2010.
The manga ran from November 17, 1988 to April 5, 1990 and consists of 2 volumes which were published by Kodansha.
Gokusen is a manga series by Kozueko Morimoto.
It was first serialized in the seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Carat in April 2004, published by Houbunsha.
There is less emphasis on detail and more on accentuated posing and gestures.
Viz is simulcasting the series on Neon Alley and Hulu to coincide with the worldwide streaming.
Fushigiboshi no Futagohime is a 2005 Japanese animated television show directed by Shōgo Kawamoto and with Jun'ichi Satō as chief director and character designs by Birthday.
The PlayStation game was created by Hakuhodo and was released in Japan on March 11, 1999.
The anime was licensed for a North American distribution by Funimation Entertainment and was released in 2010 under the title My Bride Is a Mermaid!.
Two OVAs were released on December 16, 2011, and January 18, 2012.
There have been four manga adaptations published by ASCII Media Works, Flex Comix, Fujimi Shobo and Jive.
Inuyasha and Kagome start traveling to recover it before the powerful demon Naraku finds all the shards.
Produced by Toei Animation, it consists of 30 half-hour episodes released between September 9, 1979 and March 3, 1980.
In some European and in Latin American countries the series is simply known as Marco.
Hikari no Densetsu is primarily a love story that it is set in the late 80s junior high school atmosphere.
Both the manga and OVA series were licensed in North America by Central Park Media, through its Manga 18 and Anime 18 divisions.
However, this adaptation used futuristic outer space as the setting, with "whales" being large abandoned spaceships instead.
Also in 2011, a live-action theatrical film series began.
It appeared as a serial in the Japanese fashion magazine Zipper.
The collected stories are published in English by Tokyopop with the title The Kindaichi Case Files.
The anime series, entitled Pilot Candidate for its North American release, was broadcast briefly on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim block in 2002.
Panyo Panyo Di Gi Charat is the prequel to the popular anime series Di Gi Charat.
Two ninja clans, Tsubagakure of the Iga and Manjidani of Kouga, battle each other to determine which grandson of Tokugawa Ieyasu will become the next shogun.
and both were re-released and remastered on DVD and Blu-ray in 2010.
The manga was originally published in the monthly shōjo manga anthology Nakayoshi.
After the conclusion of the television series, two more films were produced.
Directed by Hideaki Anno and Kazuya Tsurumaki, the episodes were broadcast in Japan on TV Tokyo from October 1998 to March 1999.
The Japanese version aired on TV Tokyo, consisting of 51 episodes and one movie.
The manga and anime series were licensed by Viz Media for English-language releases in North America.
The protagonist of the story, Beet, is a young boy who becomes a Vandel Buster to be like his heroes, the Zenon Warriors.
In August 2014 a Blu-ray box set of the series was released in Japan.
Shogakukan released 52 volumes in Japan from February 2005 to June 2017.
Gyagu Manga Biyori is known for its hyperactive, random, and nonsensical style that revolves around various plots and characters throughout the series.
Both anime and the second OVAs were licensed and dubbed in English by Funimation in North America.
Other related merchandise alongside them are plastic models produced by Kotobukiya.
Urusei Yatsura 3: Remember My Love was directed by Kazuo Yamazaki and released on January 26, 1985.
This series introduces three new characters: Mihoshi's partner Kiyone Makibi, the bounty hunter and Ryoko's rival, Nagi, and her cabbit companion, Ken-Ohki.
The individual chapters have been serialized in Bessatsu Friend since 2000, and in 36 tankōbon volumes in Japan by Kodansha.
The OVA's design is inspired by the original Mazinger Z manga from 1972, rather than Toei Animation's TV series.
The story was never completed, having been cut short by Tezuka's death in 1989.
The Dimensional Witch Yūko Ichihara instructs him to go with two people, Kurogane and Fai D. Flowright.
Hoshino's artwork has received mixed reviews; critics commented that her characters are visually appealing, but her fight sequences are difficult to follow.
Maria-sama ga Miteru received generally positive reviews by critics.
The later series was produced by Tezuka Productions.
An additional OVA was released on November 27, 2013.
A short, sequel series also followed when the original The Weathering Continent ended.
The title of the game reflects the prominent themes of the air, skies, and use of wings throughout gameplay.
There are 37 episodes total, counting an alternate-continuity Christmas special.
Video Girl Ai is a manga series created by Masakazu Katsura and published by Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump.
The series is licensed and distributed in North America and Europe by Right Stuf International.
It is the longest running comic with only one artist, being published weekly since October 1956, and the longest-running strip ever in Japan.
West Side Story is a 1961 American musical romantic drama film directed by Robert Wise and Jerome Robbins.
The line proved to be polarizing with G.I.
The website Crunchyroll purchased the anime's streaming rights and home video rights.
Parallel to the anime broadcast the manga was then concluded in Akita Shoten's Bōken'ō magazine.
Aqua was serialized in Stencil from 2001 to 2002 and collected in two tankōbon volumes.
It aired in TV Asahi in Japan from 5 April 2001 to 5 July 2001.
Carol: A Day In A Girl's Life is an anime OVA featuring character designs by Yun Kōga.
The Eyeshield 21 franchise has spawned two original video animations, audio albums, video games, and other merchandise.
Afterwards, it aired as Ran, The Samurai Girl on Animax Latin America and Animax Asia, which also broadcast Bandai's dub across Southeast Asia and South Asia.
Gokusen is a manga series by Kozueko Morimoto.
An anime version was created and broadcast from December 2002 to March 2003 by AT-X.
School Rumble's popularity has resulted in its adaptation into multiple forms of media.
While there are no sexually explicit scenes in the first 12 episodes, the series has a strong focus on nudity.
Cat Girl Nuku Nuku has been adapted into two OVA series and one anime television series.
Most manga and light novels have also been published in North America by Bandai.
Two light novels based on the series, written by Chabō Higurashi with illustrations by Aoki, were released in 2007.
Like Maeda's other hentai series, La Blue Girl features a large amount of tentacle rape.
Time of My Life is a 2011 Philippine drama billed as a "danserye", created and developed by GMA Network, starring Mark Herras and Kris Bernal.
Locke the Superman is a manga series by Yuki Hijiri which was later adapted into a movie and three OVA releases.
A minor supporting cast is introduced, though Nanako and Ogami are clearly the leads.
Sanctuary was a bestseller in Japan, and inspired a live action film.
The series ended its 3-year run on December 2, 2013.
GeGeGe no Kitarō, originally known as Kitarō of the Graveyard, is a manga series created in 1960 by Shigeru Mizuki.
It was distributed in America as an AnimePlay DVD title in 2002.
Below is the episode synopsis table associated with the anime adaptation of the manga series Dr. Rin ni Kiite Mite!
Sennin Buraku was the first late night anime, broadcast shortly before midnight on Fuji TV from September 4, 1963 to February 23, 1964.
Both novels were later released in North America and the United Kingdom by Tokyopop.
Bondage Mansion is a Japanese erotic direct-to-video anime series, which is part of the Vanilla Series.
The story is about three mischievous obake who have taken up different jobs.
The first two are each 30 minutes long and were released in 1994.
Furthermore, there is a sequel to the spin off with Izuna titled Reibai Izuna: Ascension started in 2011 and onward.
Shizuku-chan, was produced by TMS Entertainment and debuted on TV Tokyo in October 7, 2006.
Five 50-minute anime OVAs were released on VHS in the early 1990s.
In a poll conducted by TV Asahi in 2005, the Captain Tsubasa anime series ranked 41 in a list of top 100 anime series.
It was directed by Hiroshi Shidara and written by Shiro Jinbo.
It debuted in the January 2007 issue, and was serialized at a rate of one chapter a month.
Mahōjin Guru Guru is a light-hearted series aimed at older children; it contains occasional toilet gags and some innuendo that might startle western parents.
On April 14, 2008, Death Note premiered in Australia, where it aired on ABC 2 on Mondays at 9:30 pm.
Scrapped Princess is a Japanese light novel series by Ichiro Sakaki and illustrated by Yukinobu Azumi, also known as the popular adult dōjin artist Nakayohi Mogudan.
It is best known for its popularization of the folklore creatures known as yōkai, a class of spirit-monster to which all of the main characters belong.
A second season of To-Love Ru Darkness, called To Love-Ru Darkness 2nd, aired between July and October 2015.
It was broadcast in 52 episodes on TV Tokyo from April 6, 2002 to March 29, 2003.
Publisher Nihon Bungeisha released 60 bound volumes and later reprinted early volumes.
The original anime, which aired as part of the omnibus program Anime Complex, was cut short when the series ran into production issues.
Touch was one of the winners of the 1983 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen or shōjo manga, along with Adachi's Miyuki.
Finally, two more episodes, collectively entitled School Rumble: Third Semester, were bundled with the Japanese manga volumes 21 and 22.
The official title of the third season was announced to be "Jigoku Shōjo Mitsuganae".
In April 2006, an OVA continuation of the anime began to be released on DVD, totaling thirteen episodes across seven DVDs.
It focuses heavily on the "swords and sorcery" genre, and in typical Urushihara style provides a great deal of fan service.
The series is produced by both Bee Train and Synergy Japan and began airing in Kids Station on April 12, 2004 to November 1, 2004.
A South Korean drama live action adaptation aired on the KBS network in 2014.
Two manga series were serialized between 2003 and 2006 in Kadokawa Shoten's Comptiq magazine illustrated by different manga artists.
Tokyopop translated the manga series, and subtitled and partially dubbed the anime series.
The show is a comedy-drama focusing on the lives of HiMEs—girls with the capacity to materialize photons—gathered at Fuka Academy for a secret purpose.
The 2006 anime was licensed and dubbed in English by ADV Films in 2008, but the license was given to Funimation after ADV's closure.
The manga was serialized in Square Enix's G Fantasy between the November 2000 and October 2011 issues, and the chapters are collected in 17 tankōbon volumes.
Video games were released in North America.
When I have some time, I would like to draw their adult days in a seinen magazine."
It was licensed in the U.S by Media Blasters and released on VHS in 1999 and on DVD in 2001.
Brave Story is a Japanese fantasy novel written by Miyuki Miyabe.
He was the creation of animator Rudy Ising, who had worked for Walt Disney in the 1920s.
A manga sequel, The Law of Ueki Plus, continues the series as of September 2005 by the same author and in the same magazine.
The anime series, spanning 24 episodes, was produced by Gonzo and originally aired on WOWOW network.
It was serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump from September 1974 to February 1978, with the chapters collected into five tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
There is a Vandread Extra Stage Novel, that explains the events after Vandread: The Second Stage.
The Eyeshield 21 franchise has spawned two original video animations, audio albums, video games, and other merchandise.
A sci-fi love story, the series was produced by Madhouse.
Viz Media licensed and released an English translation of the series in North America.
Netflix renewed the series for a third season one month prior to the second season premiere.
Hayate the Combat Butler is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kenjiro Hata.
The chapters have been collected in twenty-two bound volumes.
It aired in the United States on Adult Swim in 2003 several times.
Various video games and drama CDs based on the series have been released.
A film adaptation was released on March 17, 2012 and a three part OVA series was released between September 2014 and May 2015.
Producer William Winckler, known for Tekkaman the Space Knight, wrote, produced and directed the English films, which are seen on broadband in Japan.
A final anime film was produced and released in 2013.
Hajime no Ippo is a Japanese boxing manga series written and illustrated by George Morikawa.
It was adapted into an anime television called Yokoyama Mitsuteru Sangokushi.
Another, has begun in 2011 and ended in 2016.
A new TV special premiered September 5, 2009 on Fuji TV.
The series aired on TV Tokyo in Japan from October 1982 to June 1983.
It was published by Shueisha in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1983 to 1987, and collected in 18 bound volumes.
Petite Princess Yucie is an anime series, which was produced by Gainax, aired from 2002 to 2003, and ran for 26 episodes.
The story revolves around Haruhiko Amami, a male high school student living in a town where a rainbow is always seen in the sky.
On December 23, 2008, a new special was shown for the first time at the It's a Rumic World exhibition of Rumiko Takahashi's works.
In November 1993, an audio drama entitled Erogenous Dark was released focusing on a time period left unexplored in the original novels.
Cosmo Police Justy is a science fiction anime OVA released on July 20, 1985 in Japan.
The same story arc would later be adapted for the later JoJo's Bizarre Adventure TV series in its second season, which aired from 2014 to 2015.
The series ended in November 2014 and was followed by Masuda Kōsuke Gekijō Gag Manga Biyori GB.
A South Korean drama live action adaptation aired on the KBS network in 2014.
The anime was licensed by Viz Media and first premiered in English on the online streaming video service Toonami Jetstream on July 23, 2007.
1, due in part to the involvement of several staffers who had worked on the prior series.
The anime, produced in 2005 by Gonzo Studios, closely follows the manga aside from a handful of distinctions.
Later, a manga version was created, written and illustrated by Mitsuna Ouse serialized in Dengeki Comic Gao!.
The manga was adapted into an anime series, Tsubasa Chronicle, animated by Bee Train, which aired 52 episodes over two seasons during 2005 and 2006.
In the last script, Chapin had Leo/Kimba explain the Kimba name mix-up.
While the original Japanese versions of the games are set in Japan, the series' localizations are set in the United States, though retaining Japanese cultural influence.
Both versions of the series have been licensed for release in the English language by two different companies.
Dynasty is an American prime time television soap opera that aired on ABC from January 12, 1981 to May 11, 1989.
First published in 1992 in the weekly magazine Kindai Mahjong, it is a spin-off of the author's previous work, Ten.
As of July 2011, the eighteenth and final volume was released, concluding the series.
The manga won the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen in 1978.
In 2010, Alexandre Aja announced that a live-action film was in production.
The series has also been adapted into two manga series, which are serialized in Monthly Asuka and in Young Gangan.
The anime has also been popular in both Japan and North America.
In 2007, Norie Yamada and Kumichi Yoshizuki began work on a third title in the Someday's Dreamers universe titled Summer Skies.
by Gonzo in 2002, Full Metal Panic?
Bomberman Jetters is a 2002 Japanese anime television series created by Studio Deen and NAS.
Ninja Resurrection, known in Japan as Makai Tenshō: Jigoku-hen is a two-part original video animation directed by Yasunori Urata.
They are written by Yōzaburō Kanari or Seimaru Amagi and illustrated by Fumiya Satō.
In the United States, the show aired a total of 98 episodes between 1984 and 1987.
It was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Shōnen Ace and began its run in the April issue, released on February 26, 2008.
The anime, Gunparade March: The New March, which was produced by J.C.Staff was broadcast on MBS from 6 February 2003 to 23 April 2003.
The TV drama tells the story of Comet, one of the princesses of the Triangle Nebula who came to Earth in search for the missing prince.
Its title Futari Ecchi is a play on a slang term for masturbation, hitori ecchi.
The story was adapted to a 13-episode anime that aired in Japan between January 5, 2003 and March 30, 2003.
A two-episode OVA was released in 1994, chronicling his exploits in the first volume of the manga.
The beginning of the second OVA series was released on June 22, 2007, roughly 3 months after the end of the first.
A trilogy of live-action film adaptations, directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi, were released in 2008 and 2009.
A TV film and an OVA were also produced.
She is most known for the roles of Bulma, Ukyo Kuonji, Dokin-chan, Madoka Ayukawa, Miyuki Kashima, Reiko Mikami, Meryl Strife and Naomi Hunter.
In 2007, Viz Media licensed the series for a bilingual release in North America.
A light novel was also created and was written by Minoru Niki.
In 2011, two new one-shot manga titled Akazukin Chacha N were published in May 2011 and January 2012 issue of Cookie.
It also features Hōchū Ōtsuka as Zephyr, an ex-naval Admiral, with Ryoko Shinohara and Teruyuki Kagawa as Zephyr's henchmen.
The second season was licensed by Kadokawa Pictures USA with ADV Films producing the dub yet again.
The manga was serialized between June 2004 and June 2007 in Kadokawa Shoten's manga magazine Shōnen Ace.
In video games she voices Kasuga in Sengoku Basara.
The anime series was released to Region 1 DVD in North America by Media Blasters.
A spin-off to the light-novel series, called Full Metal Panic!
An anime adaptation created by Madhouse aired on Nippon TV between April 5, 2006 and March 27, 2007.
The series, directed by Minoru Ōhara and written by Shōji Yonemura, features original character designs from Okama.
In 2007, Norie Yamada and Kumichi Yoshizuki began work on a third title in the Someday's Dreamers universe titled Summer Skies.
The story centers on Hakufu Sonsaku, a fighter who transfers to Nanyo Academy, one of the seven schools involved in the turf war.
In 2008 Crunchyroll announced it had partnered with Pony Canyon to release all Steel Angel Kurumi series' for streaming and download.
There are 52 Utsunomiko novels, the first published in 1984, and the last published in 1998.
Amon Saga is an anime OVA released in 1986.
Clamp created xxxHolic link the supernatural and fantasy series.
The series was also adapted into a two-volume manga, an adventure video game for the Nintendo DS and two drama CDs.
The anime series was also licensed by Viz, but is now licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
An anime OVA was announced by Media Factory, and premiered in Japanese theaters on November 12, 2011.
TV Tokyo broadcast a 26-episode anime program between October 2004 and April 2005.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1990 to 1996, with the chapters collected into 31 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
Hand Maid May is an anime series directed by Shinichiro Kimura, produced by Pioneer Animation and animated by TNK.
Since its release, Tales of Symphonia spawned a substantial media franchise in Japan.
ADV Films has licensed the rights for the North American release of Magikano on DVD for $65,000, and released the first volume on December 4, 2007.
The later series was produced by Tezuka Productions.
Since its release, You're Under Arrest has received positive reviews from critics.
A 26-episode anime adaptation aired in 2006 and is licensed in North America by Funimation.
However, that title is the first magical girl anime as Himitsu no Akko-chan was not broadcast until 1969.
A third anime season, also produced by Arms, aired on AT-X between June and August 2008, spanning twelve episodes and featuring an all-new plotline and characters.
On June 2013, it was announced the manga would be adapted into a live-action film directed by Koichi Sakamoto, and starring Mayuko Iwasa.
It was serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump from September 1974 to February 1978, with the chapters collected into five tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
A light novel and a video game have also been released based on the series.
Mini-Cons, from the previous line, are still present, but all Mini-Con pegs are "dead", and they do not activate a function on the toy.
Anne of Green Gables is an animated television series, part of Nippon Animation's World Masterpiece Theater.
The first game in the trilogy was published December 18, 1998.
A final anime film was produced and released in 2013.
Twenty-six TV episodes were made, followed by two OVA sequels: Haré+Guu DELUXE and Haré+Guu FINAL.
It follows the escapades of master thief Arsène Lupin III, the grandson of Arsène Lupin, the gentleman thief of Maurice Leblanc's series of novels.
The manga is published in English by Viz Communications.
In their effort to save the world, they are opposed by the mysterious and cunning Ryuko Saito, a scientist who prefers the future as it is.
Candy Candy first appeared in a prose novel by famed Japanese writer Keiko Nagita under the pen name Kyoko Mizuki in April 1975.
Makai Senki Disgaea follows the same general plot as the game, but with several alterations to character roles and the chronology of events.
The anime was released in the English language in the United States as Honey Honey and also broadcast in various European countries and in Latin America.
The animated version is set in the Middle East rather than Vietnam, and a trailer indicates that the action takes place after 1991.
Album consist of the five previously released singles, such as Aah, Atsuku Nare, Unbalance, Genki Dashite and Sora.
My-HiME is an anime series, created by Sunrise.
The anime, Gunparade March: The New March, which was produced by J.C.Staff was broadcast on MBS from 6 February 2003 to 23 April 2003.
Rokudenashi Blues is a boxing-themed manga series authored by Masanori Morita that was serialized in the Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1988 to 1997.
Ryōmaden is the 49th NHK Taiga drama.
The plots go back and forth from the remote future to prehistoric times.
The anime adaptations have been released in North America by Nozomi Entertainment under the title Maria Watches Over Us.
The television series, which has a different storyline to that of the OVAs, is distributed by ADV Films.
A.D. Police Files is a three-part original video animation produced by Youmex and animated by Artmic and AIC.
The anime is licensed by Funimation in North America.
The first anime series was licensed by Geneon Entertainment in English, but the license expired in 2011.
The manga was adapted into an animated television series in 2002.
is licensed by Bandai Entertainment in North America.
Individual chapters are published on Monthly Dragon Magazine, followed by a paperback compilation released by Fujimi Shobo's Fujimi Fantasia Bunko.
The manga continued serialization in its monthly successor, Jump Square.
The erotic content was later removed when the game was ported to the PlayStation.
It was serialized in the Japanese magazine Young Animal and published by Hakusensha between 1999 and 2004 .
It was adapted as an ongoing anime series produced by NHK Enterprises, animated by Gallop, and broadcast on NHK E-Tele beginning in October 1998.
Publications for manga, anime and other media have compared the series to Star Wars and Barbarella, and the main character's attitude to James Bond.
Beyblade G-Revolution, the third and final adaptation, also spanned 52 episodes and aired from January 6, 2003, until its conclusion on December 29, 2003.
The original anime series and its original video animations are set in a Gamers store.
It was actually created under the collective pseudonym Saburo Yatsude, best known to American fans as the creator of Voltron.
The manga has been adapted into three television seasons, three OVA series and a film, all animated by Studio Deen.
Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple is a Japanese manga by Syun Matsuena serialized in the weekly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday from August 2002 to September 2014.
The rest of the English cast remained uncredited.
The series is also known as Seijyuu Den / Inju Seisen.
Norakuro is a Japanese manga series created by Suihō Tagawa and published by Kodansha in Shōnen Kurabu.
The story concerns Miléne Hoffman, a female cyborg who works as a secret agent.
The fourth anime series, adapting the third novel, Banner of the Stars III is an OVA released in Japan in 2005.
The story was never completed, having been cut short by Tezuka's death in 1989.
Tenchi in Tokyo is a Japanese anime produced by AIC, aired on TV Tokyo from April 1 to September 23, 1997.
It ran for 52 episodes, followed by a sequel, Beet the Vandel Buster: Excellion, which ran for 25 episodes.
The manga series is licensed by several companies.
The series focuses more on team-based battles and bureaucracy rather than individual rivalry and school life, due to the change in character dynamics.
An anime film adaptation of the first volume, directed by Kazuo Yamazaki, was released in 1989.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from May 1997 to April 2002.
It has been released in some countries under the name Prince Mackaroo.
The series achieved more widespread popularity in its non-English translations.
ImaginAsian attempted to make the show available in America through on-demand DVD, but with no success.
Akazukin Chacha N became a monthly series in 2012.
A series of four light novels was published by Shogakukan between 2007 and 2008.
On June 30, 2007, at Anime Expo 07, it was announced that ADV Films had licensed the show.
The manga was turned into an anime series by Studio Pierrot during 1986–1987.
in some releases, is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kōsuke Fujishima.
Metal Fighter Miku first aired on TV Tokyo from July to September 1994.
The manga is about a boy who starts a new job as a butler and the events he experiences with his employer.
It has been serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine since July 22, 1997, with the chapters collected into 86 tankōbon volumes to date.
It is now licensed by Maiden Japan.
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hirohiko Araki.
4Kids Entertainment licensed the anime series for North American broadcast under the name Mew Mew Power.
The antagonist of the story, Adler, plans to attack the citizens of the Cancer Slums.
Its storyline largely revolves around the lives and close relationships of the school's student council known as the Yamayuri Council.
To Love-Ru is a Japanese manga series written by Saki Hasemi and illustrated by Kentaro Yabuki, creator of Black Cat.
It is licensed in North America by Del Rey Manga.
A drama CD was released in February 2008 with an original story.
Two more special episodes were aired on October 18, 2007.
It has been serialized in Shōnen Sunday and has been collected in 78 tankōbon volumes.
Video Girl Ai was followed in 1993 with another sci-fi/romantic comedy manga DNA² and by the straight romantic comedy I"s in 1997.
Professional race car driver and pioneer of drifting Keiichi Tsuchiya helped with editorial supervision.
There is a slight difference in the title of the series between media and national affiliation.
The collected stories are published in English by Tokyopop with the title The Kindaichi Case Files.
It spawned multiple manga sequels, anime adaptations, video games and other media.
Di Gi Charat is a Japanese manga and anime series created by Koge-Donbo.
Akazukin Chacha N became a monthly series in 2012.
The series was first published in 2004 by Famitsu Bunko and is still currently running in Japan.
Floral Magician Mary Bell, or known as Magical Heroes, is the fourth and last magical girl anime by Ashi Productions.
A manga adaptation of the anime was published by Shueisha and serialized in Saikyo Jump in 2012.
Mon Colle Knights, known as Six Gates Far Away Mon Colle Knight in Japan, is an anime and manga series.
In 1995, the manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.
The teachers are constantly looking for ways to torture or humiliate the students, and from this the teachers derive sexual satisfaction.
During the course of the series, they are lured into more and more traps by a secret organization named Les Soldats.
There were also two manga series made, a shōjo manga version by Tammy Ohta and shōnen manga version by Shamneko.
This series ran concurrently with another Chiba manga series Play Ball, which ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1973 to 1978.
It peak ranked 108th on Oricon singles charts.
The English dub is distributed by MVM Films in the United Kingdom and Madman Entertainment in Australia and New Zealand.
Filmed by Revue Productions, the program aired on the CBS from October 5, 1961 until September 6, 1962.
Night Head Genesis is an anime television series adapted from a 1992 Japanese TV drama, Night Head.
Its development team included director Yoshito Higuchi, producer Makoto Yoshizumi, and character artist Kōsuke Fujishima.
It has been adapted for the screen several times, as anime, live action and video games.
Viz Media licensed and released the manga and OVA in North America.
A third sequel, Baki-Doh, began serialization on March 20, 2014.
ADV's Anime Network has broadcast the series in the United States.
Kekko Kamen is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Go Nagai.
The series was originally serialized in Kodansha's Comic Bom Bom magazine from 1995 to 1998; the publisher later collected the individual chapters into seven tankōbon volumes.
A total of 1,345 stories were created in the original series, which are published by Shogakukan under the Tentōmushi manga brand, extending to forty-five volumes.
Ayane's High Kick is a two episode anime series produced by Nikkatsu Corporation and Rikuentai.
It is based on Alain Delon's 1963 movie La Tulipe noire.
Viz Media licensed the novels and the first manga series for release in North America, but stopped publishing both prematurely.
This was the first anime series produced by Tele-Cartoon Japan, and a page exists on their website about it.
Toys were originally made by DD India and were released by Hasbro in United States.
It has been adapted for the screen several times, as anime, live action and video games.
Sunrise Studios produced a 26-episode anime adaptation that was directed by Mitsuru Hongo and aired on the Japanese station TV Tokyo in early 1998.
A 52-episode anime adaptation of the manga by SynergySP aired between April 2007 and March 2008 on TV Tokyo.
The anime was licensed in North America by Illumitoon Entertainment, who only released one DVD containing 4 episodes with an English dub track.
A related manga series written and illustrated by Botan Hanayashiki under the name "BH Snow+Clinic" was also released.
In 1977, it won the 1st Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.
Super Dimension Century Orguss is an anime science fiction series.
The series has been licensed by Viz Media for North American release.
The English adaptation premiered in the July 2006 issue of Viz's Shojo Beat magazine, with the collected volumes being published on a quarterly basis.
The series began in September 1972 and ended in December 1983, as one of Tezuka's last epic manga works.
The series is set in the Bubblegum Crisis universe in the city of Megatokyo, focuses on a group of A.D. Police officers known as the Branch.
Enterbrain published a 3-volume manga miniseries in 2001.
The manga series is licensed in English by Viz Media, who has released all nineteen volumes.
Love Hina is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ken Akamatsu.
The series is airing on Animax Asia as The File of Young Kindaichi in Japanese with English subtitles.
Although created as a parody of Superman, the character's creators appear to have distanced themselves from this origin story.
Episode 26, "Alone and by myself", was released direct-to-video.
The original eight PC releases were released in English by MangaGamer in 2009 and 2010.
Cowell and Cole returned to replace Barlow and Osbourne in series 11, while Mel B replaced Scherzinger.
Initial D has been adapted into several anime television and original video animations series by OB Studio Comet, Studio Gallop, Pastel, A.C.G.T and SynergySP.
The series also spawned a live-action drama special starring Misaki Ito and Sachie Hara.
This is Thunderbird 5 from Gerry Anderson's Thunderbirds.
A 13-episode anime television series adaptation was produced by the studio Arms and broadcast on AT-X from July to October 2004.
It aired on KBS2 from January 5 to March 31, 2009 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 22:00 for 25 episodes.
Two more special episodes were aired on October 18, 2007.
0verflow announced work on School Days in October 2004 and marketed it through public venues that showcased the game's innovative use of anime-like cinematics and voice.
Critical reception for Outlaw Star has been mostly positive.
It received a mixed reception from manga and anime publications.
An anime adaptation consisting of 112 television episodes was directed by Noriyuki Abe and co-produced by Fuji Television, Yomiko Advertising, and Studio Pierrot.
It was followed by an all-ages version for the PlayStation 2, and was released on August 25, 2005.
Two additional episodes titled Hidamari Sketch × SP aired in October and November 2011.
Twelve animated television specials based on the series have been produced by TMS Entertainment and aired between 2010 and 2012.
Nintama Rantarō is a Japanese anime series produced by Ajia-do Animation Works and broadcast on NHK since 10 April 1993.
A manga was also published in the Japanese magazine Monthly Comic Noizy that was left unfinished after its fourth chapter.
He is joined by several other travelers along the way, each linked to the clawed man by a personal loss.
The film stars the regular television cast of Mayumi Tanaka, Kazuya Nakai, Akemi Okamura, Kappei Yamaguchi, Hiroaki Hirata, Ikue Otani, Yuriko Yamaguchi, Kazuki Yao, and Chō.
This Ugly yet Beautiful World is an anime television series created by Shouji Saeki and Hiroyuki Yamaga.
An original video animation entitled Hellsing Ultimate was produced by Geneon.
The series incorporates fantasy and slice of life elements into its tale.
King Records has adapted several soundtracks and drama CDs from the series.
It was subsequently adapted into three live action film adaptations directed by Tengo Yamada, which were released between 1976 and 1980.
The Eto Rangers are based on the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac.
On December 23, 2008, a new special was shown for the first time at the It's a Rumic World exhibition of Rumiko Takahashi's works.
Odex, a Singaporean distributor, released it in English in Singapore as Seto No Hana Yome.
John was born in the city of Cyber-wood, in an area known as the Cancer Slums.
It was serialized in the Tokuma Shoten magazine Monthly Shōnen Captain infrequently between the May 1986 and August 1989 issues.
On May 15, 2008, Texas-based licensor FUNimation Entertainment announced its licensing of Strain: Strategic Armored Infantry.
It released the first volume of the series on March 24, 2004; the final volume was released on February 13, 2007.
The manga has spawned an original video animation series and numerous live-action films.
Combat Mecha Xabungle is a mecha anime television series created by Sunrise and directed by Yoshiyuki Tomino.
The game's reception was generally positive with critics praising the gameplay but criticizing the plot.
The series takes place in the fictional city of Nanamagari City.
A third installment, Tsuyokiss Sangakki was released for PC on March 31, 2011.
The anime is licensed for English release on Region 1 DVD by Funimation Entertainment, which also uses the name Ghost Hunt.
The main character is inspired by Jean Reno and the characters he has played.
The entire anime series has been released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United States by Media Blasters.
The anime series is licensed for release in North American by Geneon Entertainment, which released it across three DVD volumes in 2005.
Ojarumaru is a Japanese Yonkoma manga series created by Rin Inumaru, serialized in Shogakukan's Shojo magazine Ciao from 1993 until its cancellation in 2006.
The series was published in Big Comic Superior between 2002 and 2011.
The manga was released in North America by Viz Media from 2004 to 2009.
It remains the only series within the World Masterpiece Theater based on an original story, and not on a book.
Fujimi Shobo and Kadokawa Shoten published seven tankōbon volumes from March 2007 and April 2011 in Japan.
A total of 25 volumes were published in Weekly Shōnen Jump between 1977 and 1981.
All three anime adaptations were also licensed in North America by ADV Films.
The word "Ge Ge Ge" in the title is a cackling noise in the Japanese language.
The Rapeman is a Japanese satirical–black comedy adult manga series.
This is a list of episodes for the Japanese anime television series Full Moon Wo Sagashite.
He previously received a Golden Globe Award nomination for his performance in Live from Baghdad and a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for The Company.
The anime film was licensed and released in North America by Central Park Media.
The show follows the adventures and battles of the Battle Team, a group of young pilots, as they battle against the Campbell Empire from outer space.
Geneon Universal has produced several drama CDs.
Trigun is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yasuhiro Nightow.
Not to be confused with Kaiketsu Zorro
A continuation of the manga called To Love-Ru Darkness began serialization in Shueisha's Jump Square magazine on October 4, 2010 and ended on March 4, 2017.
Zexcs is also known for its work in cooperation with another animation company called Feel.
To date, this has not seen an official English release.
The series has been dubbed in many languages.
It was originally created as a two-chapter short story titled "Derupa!
It was released on six DVD volumes 2003 to 2005, dubbed in English, with all 13 episodes also featured in chronological order.
The manga series has been popular in Japan, selling over 75 million copies by 2016.
Another student, Kaori Nonomiya, sees Takabe and Hayase having sex and runs off disappointed because she loves Takabe.
The manga series was licensed for an English language release in North America and the United Kingdom by Viz Media and in Australia by Madman Entertainment.
It was later adapted into a live-action television drama series, an anime television series, and an anime film sequel to the television series.
It received the 2004 Kodansha Manga Award for best shōjo manga.
The anime is co-produced by Cartoon Network Japan and Aniplex and was animated and produced by Toei Animation, featuring character design by Miho Shimogasa.
Da Capo II is described by Circus as a "ticklish school romance adventure.
All of the program's featurettes focused on characters with psychic abilities.
Inuyasha, also known as Inuyasha: A Feudal Fairy Tale, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi.
The opening theme, "Love"」, "Ai"), consists of the singers speculating on the nature of love.
These include Nūbē, his "perverted obsession" Ritsuko Takahashi, and other teachers of the school, as well as the principal.
VHS compilations of Maple Town appeared in North America, Europe and Japan during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
A third season, titled Hidamari Sketch × Hoshimittsu, aired between January and March 2010.
Apocalypse Meow is a three volume manga series written and illustrated by Motofumi Kobayashi.
The character designs for the anime remained faithful to the manga style.
It began as an original dōjinshi comic series, The Haibanes of Old Home, but this was quickly superseded by the anime and was never completed.
Suzuka is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kouji Seo.
Sister Princess was also adapted into two anime television series.
Several volumes of the manga have broken publishing records, including the highest initial print run of any book in Japan.
The extensive use of French titles has also been criticized as being distracting and initially difficult to follow.
is Key's sixth game, along with other titles such as Kanon, Air, and Clannad.
The series was adapted as a 13-episode anime series produced by Studio Pierrot.
There are 37 episodes total, counting an alternate-continuity Christmas special.
Galaxy Express 999 is a manga written and drawn by Leiji Matsumoto, as well as various anime films and TV series based on it.
Kanon is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Key released on June 4, 1999 for Windows PCs.
A bonus fan disc called Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Rei was released on December 31, 2006.
The anime adaptation of Girls Bravo, directed by Ei Aoki and animated by AIC Spirits, aired in Japan from 2004 to 2005.
Plus he has co-authored clever scripts with surprisingly intricate plotlines.
It was adapted as a six-episode live-action drama broadcast on NHK between August 28 and October 2, 2008.
Often role-playing videogame-style information boxes are displayed on screen with accompanying narration in the traditional RPG style.
In North America, the OVAs were released by ADV Films, while several of the films were published by different distributors.
Zone of the Enders: 2167 Idolo is an hour-long Original Video Animation, set as a prequel to the original Zone of the Enders game.
The films and the sequel were also licensed by Bandai.
It was adapted into an anime television series which aired on NHK-BS2 satellite channel from December 12, 2000 to June 26, 2001.
Slam Dunk has sold over 121 million copies in Japan alone, making it one of the best-selling manga series in history.
It was published by Enterbrain in the magazine Comic Beam and collected in 10 tankōbon volumes.
Yaiba, also known as Legend of the Swordmaster Yaiba, is a shōnen manga series by Gosho Aoyama.
The chapters of You're Under Arrest have been collected in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
The title is taken from A. E. van Vogt's The World of Null-A.
A number of video games based on the series have been released for platforms such as the Game Boy, Game Gear, Sega Saturn, and PlayStation.
A toyline was also made by Tomy.
It centers on Naomi Armitage, a highly advanced "Type-III" android.
They are led by ace pitcher, Ryo Hayakawa, a daughter of a former pitching star in Japan who was banned from Nippon Professional Baseball.
In Japan, Akagi has sold over 10 million copies.
It includes films that are adaptations of manga, and those films whose characters originated in those comics.
ComicsOne licensed the series for release in Canada and the United States, but issued only three volumes before it went out of business.
The plot is set in a world where supernatural abilities exist.
Numerous movies and television series have followed.
A two volume manga adaptation was released concurrently with the series in 2000, and was then published in English in 2004.
Shogakukan republished the serialized chapters across six shinsoban hard cover editions in 2003 and re-released the original 17 volumes in 2006 with new covers.
The mascot was designed by Bob Moore, an artist for Disney.
Shizuku-chan is a children's manga and anime series.
The series consists of three episodes, each running at 15-minutes long.
Many new characters are introduced in the course of the film.
They were licensed by Mattel in the United States until 1985, and later distributed worldwide directly by Sekiguchi.
In the United States, the show aired a total of 98 episodes between 1984 and 1987.
The film stars Dylan O'Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Aml Ameen, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Ki Hong Lee, Will Poulter, and Patricia Clarkson.
G-On Riders is a 2002 magical girl parody anime series.
It depicts the romance between "perfect" student Yukino Miyazawa and her academic rival Soichiro Arima, and the relationships of several of their friends.
The series aired on TV Asahi from April 6, 2004 to September 14, 2004, totaling 24 episodes.
In a poll conducted by TV Asahi in 2005, the Captain Tsubasa anime series ranked 41 in a list of top 100 anime series.
Ten years later, it was adapted as a theatrical anime movie, released November 1986.
It originated as a manga of the same name in 1952 by Osamu Tezuka, revered in Japan as the "God of Manga."
An original video animation episode was released on September 26, 2008 accompanied by a drama CD.
The story is of an alien invasion of earth, which is opposed by Iczer-One and her schoolgirl companion Nagisa.
The manga has been licensed by Viz Media in North America.
Maison Ikkoku has been both critically and commercially successful, with over 25 million copies in circulation.
A two-part short bonus story was included across both volumes of the Kujibiki Unbalance manga, published 2006/7.
Episodes 6 and 7 have, to date, not been released in the US at all.
On December 27, 2008, Funimation announced that they had acquired the license and planned to release the series in 2009.
The second season, aired on the same station from October 7, 2008, to December 30, 2008.
It has been collected in seven volumes so far, and was published in English by Tokyopop who released five volumes in English.
A continuation was published in Comic Blade titled Mamotte Shugogetten!
Gekiganger III is an anime series within the anime series Martian Successor Nadesico that plays a critical part in the plot thereof.
The series is directed by Hiroshi Kōjina with Upper Deck Japan, a trading card game company, as the main sponsor.
On July 18, 1987, the TV special Inaba the Dreammaker was broadcast before being released to video.
Yokohama Kaidashi Kikō is a science fiction manga written and illustrated by Hitoshi Ashinano.
Ninku is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kōji Kiriyama.
Ultra Maniac is a manga series written by Wataru Yoshizumi.
Captain Future is a science fiction hero – a space-traveling scientist and adventurer – originally published in a namesake pulp magazine from 1940 to 1951.
Critics noted that the manga, which has a coming-of-age theme, makes use of cultural references from Chinese mythology and Japanese folktale.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1990 to 1996, with the chapters collected into 31 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
At Otakon 2013, Funimation Entertainment had announced that they have rescued My-Otome Zwei, along with a handful of other former BEI titles.
It is published in Japan by Bandai Visual and North America initially by Bandai Entertainment.
It received an "Excellence Award" for animation at the 1999 Japan Media Arts Festival.
Viz Media licensed the novels and the first manga series for release in North America, but stopped publishing both prematurely.
He is a graduate of the Toho Gakuen School of Music.
The people of the Demon Tribe are able to make a pact with an element after which they can then use magic of that element.
The manga was released in North America by Viz Media from 2004 to 2009.
Earthian is a shōnen-ai manga by Yun Kouga about angel watchers of earth which was made into a J.C.Staff-produced anime OVA.
Black Jack is Tezuka's third most famous manga, after Astro Boy and Kimba the White Lion.
The anime series never adapted the whole manga series, and included instead a different ending with no conclusion.
After the death of his strict grandfather and ninja sensei, Kabamaru moves to Tokyo with one of his grandfather’s acquaintances.
Since its release, You're Under Arrest has received positive reviews from critics.
It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday magazine from October 2004 to April 2017.
The novels were first serialized in the Dengeki hp magazine published by MediaWorks.
The title of the game reflects the prominent themes of the air, skies, and use of wings throughout gameplay.
Réalta Nua is also ported to the PlayStation Vita.
The Saban dub aired in South America with a Spanish voice-over provided independently by each of the various networks that broadcast it.
Riki brings multiple girls at his school into the Little Busters to have enough people to play a baseball game.
Neon Genesis Evangelion gained widespread critical acclaim as well as controversy.
Set in the 19th century, it tells the story of a young Allen Walker, who joins an organization of exorcists named the Black Order.
Urusei Yatsura 4: Lum the Forever was directed again by Kazuo Yamazaki and released on February 22, 1986.
Bandai Visual also released an 11-minute short entitled Cup of China's; this short is only available in the WONDERBOX DVD box set release.
The series was especially popular preceding Doraemon.
The development staff includes composer Yoko Shimomura of Street Fighter II and Kingdom Hearts fame.
The manga was drawn in 1964–1966 by Fujiko Fujio and in 1971–1974 by Fujiko F. Fujio.
The original 1970 version was digitally released in English by Ishimori productions in 2012.
Some of the main characters from Gokinjo Monogatari also make appearances throughout Paradise Kiss.
Fantastic Children is a Japanese animated television series created by Takashi Nakamura and produced by Nippon Animation.
Beyblade G-Revolution, the third and final adaptation, also spanned 52 episodes and aired from January 6, 2003, until its conclusion on December 29, 2003.
A 12-episode series was commissioned by Sky Atlantic in 2013, and started airing on 29 January 2015.
It was serialized in the semi-monthly Japanese magazine Hana to Yume, published by Hakusensha, from 1998 to 2006.
The series is based on the manga by Megumu Okada.
Urban Vision and Discotek Media released it for home video market, while Madman Entertainment acquired it for the Australasian region's release.
Inuyasha and Kagome gain several allies during their journey, including Shippo, Miroku, Sango and Kirara.
A video game adaptation of the series by Prope was released for PlayStation Portable on January 17, 2013.
It has been produced in the form of anime, manga, and light novels.
Panda Kopanda is a children's Japanese animated film, first released in 1972.
The Kindaichi series, which started serialization in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 1992, is one of the earliest works in the mystery manga genre.
The series is licensed in English by Yen Press under the name Sunshine Sketch.
Two anime adaptations were produced by the animation studio Asread.
There are 10 volumes in total, and the series was also adapted as a four episode OVA.
The series was produced by Genco and SKY Perfect Well Think.
Sonic Soldier Borgman is a science fiction anime television series that aired on Nippon Television from April 13 to December 21, 1988.
Its debut followed shortly after the conclusion of a preceding Mega Man anime series, MegaMan NT Warrior, which ran from 2002 to 2006.
It has also spawned numerous games, animated films and merchandising, as well as a second TV series running from 1995 to the present.
Maruko's style and themes are sometimes compared to the classic comic Sazae-san.
The series has also been adapted into an anime directed by Tsutomu Mizushima.
In 2012, comiXology acquired the digital distribution rights to Shotaro Ishinomori's catalogue.
Chikako was considered one of the founders of shōjo anime.
SMAP performed the opening theme and the three ending themes for the anime and each member appears in animated form in episode 13.
Three additional spin-off manga were also created, as were three visual novels.
GeGeGe no Kitarō, originally known as Kitarō of the Graveyard, is a manga series created in 1960 by Shigeru Mizuki.
Scripts regarding the plot of the anime closely followed the author's planned ending.
Final, was directed by Makoto Sato and was released in 14 episodes among seven volumes from March 3 to August 18, 2004.
Captain Tsubasa has sold over 82 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling manga series.
In the United Kingdom, it aired on Children's BBC in 1989 and 1990.
The series was first published in Kodansha's Bokura Magazine from 1968 to 1971 and was later published in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1970 to 1971.
Mizuiro is a visual novel made by NekoNeko Soft released in 2001.
Maison Ikkoku is a bitter-sweet comedic romance involving a group of madcap people who live in a boarding house in 1980s Tokyo.
Transformers: Zone, also known as Transformers Z, is a 1990 one-shot OVA exclusive to Japan in the fictional Transformers universe.
The events in this special are actually a prelude to events that take place at the very end of the last episode of the series.
A 52-episode anime adaptation of the manga by SynergySP aired between April 2007 and March 2008 on TV Tokyo.
The television series is licensed by Viz Media, who released the first 28 episodes on seven DVDs under the title Full Moon as of December 2007.
Several audio dramas and music albums were also published.
The series was also dubbed into Hindi by the national film development board of India and telecast on Doordarshan in the early 1990s.
Maison Ikkoku has been both critically and commercially successful, with over 25 million copies in circulation.
The series takes place in the distant future, where human beings live among space colonies and a single, inhabitable planet called Zion.
A two-part short bonus story was included across both volumes of the Kujibiki Unbalance manga, published 2006/7.
Utena is a highly metaphysical, surreal and allegorical shōjo series.
It received the 2004 Kodansha Manga Award for best shōjo manga.
The anime adaptations are licensed by Funimation who released them in North America.
It was simultaneously released as a manga by Kiyoko Arai.
The manga and the live-action movie are licensed in North America by Viz.
The series follows Brandon Heat and Harry MacDowell as they rise through the ranks of the Millennion crime syndicate.
The anime original video animation was first released in North America on VHS by ADV Films, on July 20, 1994.
It was the last television series of B-Daman until B-Daman Crossfire was announced on June 3, 2011.
It is based on the Pokémon video game series and is a part of the Pokémon franchise.
It is unrelated to the Peace Maker manga by Ryōji Minagawa.
The manga was published by Shueisha in Ribon between February 1998 and July 2000.
Also in 2011, a live-action theatrical film series began.
Originally written as a short story in 1997, Shueisha published 39 light novel volumes from April 1998 to April 2012.
As popular as was the anime series and its merchandise, such as Kinkeshi, a line of action figures released as M.U.S.C.L.E.
The 18 manga volumes have been adapted into an anime series titled Sailor Moon which was produced by Toei Animation.
A third anime season, also produced by Arms, aired on AT-X between June and August 2008, spanning twelve episodes and featuring an all-new plotline and characters.
The producer also commented that Kiba is not the type of show to put "human drama" on the back burner while concentrating on promotional tie-ins.
Sorachi added the science fiction setting to develop characters to his liking after his editor suggested doing a historical series.
Demon Beast Invasion is a manga series written and illustrated by Toshio Maeda, published by Wani Magazine.
A second season of the anime aired between April and June 2008; each anime season contained thirteen episodes and were produced by Feel.
A 12-episode second season by Xebec titled Motto To-Love Ru aired between October and December 2010.
In 2006, Tokyopop released the manga in the United States under the name Someday's Dreamers.
The game's reception was generally positive with critics praising the gameplay but criticizing the plot.
The manga originally ran in Kodansha's monthly manga anthology Afternoon from April 2002 to May 2006, and has been reprinted in nine bound volumes.
It has sold over 3 million copies in Australia and has been translated into five languages.
A sequel to this is a mobile game entitled Shining Wind X, which was released in January 2008.
The manga is licensed for English language release in North America by Viz Media.
A 13-episode anime series, D.Gray-Man Hallow, was produced by TMS Entertainment.
There are 37 episodes total, counting an alternate-continuity Christmas special.
Critics noted that the manga, which has a coming-of-age theme, makes use of cultural references from Japanese mythology and Confucianism.
is a Japanese animation studio, founded in 1993.
It is based on the well-known and popular novel The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain.
The series was adapted into a three episode live-action television drama that aired on WOWOW in 2000.
A live-action TV special aired in May 2007 on TV Asahi, with a finale aired in July 2008.
In North America, it was translated and published by VIZ Media in its entirety, consisting of six volumes.
The series is licensed in English by Yen Press under the name Sunshine Sketch.
The chapters were also published in 15 tankōbon volumes by ASCII Media Works.
The story focuses on Usagi Tsukino, who is a young girl that obtains the power to become the titular character.
It is based on a softcore erotic manga by Tetsu Adachi.
The series openly displays its sponsor's product placement in numerous scenes in which characters are shown consuming Nissin Cup Noodles.
The first 17 episodes would also have the old U.S. rendition dub.
The series chronicles Kouji's experience with the machine as he copes with Kaiser's power while defeating Dr. Hell's forces.
It has total of 14 tracks which makes her the longest studio album in her whole career.
La Blue Girl is an erotic anime and manga series by Toshio Maeda.
The manga has received two Original Video Animation series based on 3×3 Eyes.
Sentai Filmworks has since licensed both anime seasons and the Rei OVAs.
Publisher Vertical Inc continued and concluded the series in 2012.
Osomatsu-kun is a comedy manga series by Fujio Akatsuka which ran in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday magazine from 1962 to 1969.
The manga was originally serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from July 2002 to June 2009.
The manga was serialized in the monthly manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao!
It has been adapted for the screen several times, as anime, live action and video games.
Katsuyoshi Yatabe is a Japanese anime director.
The series aired in North America on December 20, 2010, on the FUNimation Channel.
The Fumoffu series made its North American television debut on the FUNimation Channel on November 15, 2010.
This darkness was what made the Skull Man so magnetic and successful.
Released in 1963, the first series was among the first Japanese anime series to feature a giant robot.
Scripts regarding the plot of the anime closely followed the author's planned ending.
It was remade in color in 1983 and films were released in 1983, 1984, 1985, 2003 and 2004 along with Doraemon films.
Clannad is a Japanese visual novel developed by Key and released on April 28, 2004 for Windows PCs.
The series ended in January 2015 after 36 volumes.
The series has been licensed in North America by Bandai Entertainment under the title of Bloodhound.
Inoue later used basketball as a central theme in two subsequent manga titles: Buzzer Beater and Real.
Togainu no Chi is a Japanese BL visual novel created by Nitro+CHiRAL.
Ginban Kaleidoscope is a series of light novels written by Rei Kaibara and illustrated by Hiro Suzuhira.
The anime is composed of 153 episodes that were broadcast on Fuji TV from February 26, 1986 to April 12, 1989.
A manga series, written by Rin Horuma was also produced by the series.
Littlest Pet Shop is a 2012 Canadian–American animated television series developed by Tim Cahill and Julie McNally-Cahill.
A unique hallmark seen in many of their works is a claymation sequence.
Mandalay Pictures acquired the film rights to the series in 2009.
An anime film adaption produced by Manglobe was released in August 2011.
The chapters have been adapted into an original video animation produced by Anime International Company, and an anime series which aired from 2005 to 2006.
Another two-episode OVA project titled Strawberry Marshmallow Encore was released in 2009.
The Southeast Asian network Animax Asia aired an English-language version of the anime for seven seasons from 2010 to 2015.
At the American Anime Awards held in 2007, it was nominated for best comedy anime.
It is one of the best-selling manga in the world, having sold over 100 million copies.
All the authors donated their stories to Oxfam.
The story focuses on a group of children who pilot the titular Fafners in an escalating war against giant aliens called Festum.
This manga series has ended with volume 23 in August 2004 in Japan.
5 Centimeters per Second is a 2007 Japanese animated romantic drama film produced, written and directed by Makoto Shinkai.
The anime resulted in three movies and three OVA episodes.
Superior Defender Gundam Force, or SD Gundam Force, is a 2004 Japanese anime television series produced by Sunrise.
The manga series ran for eighteen volumes, and additionally included a series guidebook.
A two-part OVA sequel aired on AT-X in October 2009.
The U.S. DVD has English subtitles hardcoded and the original Japanese vocals and musical score.
A 26-episode anime television series adaptation animated by Gonzo and directed by Seiji Kishi aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April and September 2007.
The anime adaptation series, produced by Madhouse Studios, is directed by Jun Shishido, and broadcast on the Japanese television network NHK on Saturday mornings.
It also deals with the romantic attraction between Sumire and her pet.
The result was Crusher Joe, a group of anti-heroes who were not the typical self-sacrificing types but noble in their own right nonetheless.
This included new voice talent, story adaptations and new music underscore and theme.
This name was inspired from the fantasy novel Imajica by Clive Barker.
The titular protagonist, Norakuro, or Norakuro-kun, is an anthropomorphic black and white dog.
The manga series has received generally positive critical response with praise commonly aimed towards the storyline and artwork.
Outside Japan, the show also aired in the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand and Italy.
Sumomomo Momomo: The Strongest Bride on Earth is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shinobu Ohtaka.
Eko Eko Azarak is a Japanese horror manga series by Shinichi Koga.
The story focuses on a group of teenage girls attending the Catholic Lillian Girls' Academy in Tokyo, Japan.
The game was positively received in both sales and popularity.
It began airing on October 4, 2003.
A two-episode OVA was also released for the series.
Since its release, Tales of Symphonia spawned a substantial media franchise in Japan.
The series was partially adapted into an experimental anime series in the 1980s and 1990s.
Part of the story has been adapted into an OVA.
Ghost Slayers Ayashi is a Japanese anime series, created and written by Shō Aikawa and produced by Bones.
Originally serialized by MediaWorks in Monthly Dengeki Comic GAO!, it was released to three tankōbon between September 2005 and September 2006.
In 1975, the manga won the 21st Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
Two additional episodes titled Hidamari Sketch × SP aired in October and November 2011.
An animated adaptation ran on Nippon Television from January 6, 2004 to March 30, 2004.
A sequel titled Darker than Black: Gemini of the Meteor premiered in Japan on October 8, 2009.
GeGeGe no Kitarō, originally known as Kitarō of the Graveyard, is a manga series created in 1960 by Shigeru Mizuki.
An English language version of the OVA was released by Crusader Video in the United Kingdom on VHS featuring regional accents.
The series, centering on the relationship between main characters Himeko and Chikane, also has elements of magical girl and mecha themes in its plot.
From February 2004 through February 2010, a total of nine different versions were released.
The second, Beyblade V-Force, ran for another 51 episodes from January 7, 2002 until December 30, 2002.
In addition, there are several video game adaptations with the most recent release in 2008 being a real-time strategy game.
Hunter × Hunter is an anime television series that aired from 2011 to 2014 based on Yoshihiro Togashi's Hunter × Hunter manga.
The blue candy turns Melmo into a lovely 19-year-old version of herself, while the red candy turns her back into a child.
Iczer-1 also featured two "sound novel" dramas released.
After the competition, Mimu must save up enough money to make it back to Starland, her hometown which is universes away.
In 1986, the rights to Bismark were sold to the United States company World Events Productions.
The series began in September 1972 and ended in December 1983, as one of Tezuka's last epic manga works.
The Rapeman's garb is different in the anime version, as he is dressed in quasi-ninja gear.
The show was localized in North America by Geneon Entertainment and aired on Cartoon Network from August 25 to September 29, 2000.
The series was awarded a Guinness World Record for "Most volumes published for a single manga series."
This is the manga that introduced the character Eikichi Onizuka, who later appeared in the hit Great Teacher Onizuka.
Amaterasu, the immortal emperor of the Grees Kingdom on the planet Delta Belune, is destined to rule the whole Joker System.
None of the OVAs have been released officially in English.
The English adaptation premiered in the July 2006 issue of Viz's Shojo Beat magazine, with the collected volumes being published on a quarterly basis.
It was eventually picked up in North America for an English dub done by ADV Films under the name Legend of the Mystical Ninja.
The series was originally a live-action tokusatsu series, as was its sequel, Kikaider 01.
The Dōkyūsei 2 expansion disk, Dōkyūsei 2 SP, was also made into an OVA, this expansion is also referred to as Sotsugyōsei.
The Christian Broadcasting Network is producing a new Superbook series and has released 3 seasons.
Saiyuki is a manga series by Kazuya Minekura which was serialized in G-Fantasy from 1997 to 2002.
Patlabor is known for using mecha – designed by Yutaka Izubuchi – not just for police or military purposes, but also for industrial and municipal jobs.
Crusher Joe was made into an animated film in 1983, and a pair of for-video animated episodes in 1989.
Viewtiful Joe is an anime series based on the video game series of the same name.
He is a graduate of Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music.
Xena was a successful show which has aired in more than 108 countries around the world since 1998.
Samurai Champloo was dubbed in the English language and licensed by Geneon Entertainment for releases in North America.
Geneon originally licensed the first television series for release in North America, but the license later transferred to Funimation, who also licensed the remaining anime properties.
Not to be confused with Kaiketsu Zorro
A second three episode OVA series was released in 2014 by Production Reed.
The kanji 怪 means mysterious, but can also be read as Kai.
The English version of the series first aired in 1993 on YTV in Canada and in 1996 in the United States on first-run syndication.
They all have "Zorori" in the title.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1998 to 2003, with the chapters collected into 23 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
An anime OVA, with two episodes, was released on December 7, 2005 in Japan.
Brian Friedman replaced Walsh in series 4, which also saw Dannii Minogue join the panel.
The third and final installment in the National OVA series contains seven episodes spread across four DVDs released from April 25, 2008 to January 23, 2009.
Like its live-action predecessor, Tokyo: The Last Megalopolis, the anime is only an adaptation of the first 1/3rd of the original novel.
In 1983, with Dezaki directing, Magic Bus collaborated in the animation production of Captain.
The manga series has spawned a franchise that includes multiple spin-off manga and anime series, a trading card game, and numerous video games.
It takes place in the same fantasy world as two other series, Record of Lodoss War and Rune Soldier, albeit on a different continent.
An English dub Den-noh Coil was released on Blu-ray and DVD by Maiden Japan in June 2016.
It debuted in Japan on April 6, 2002, on both TV Aichi and TV Tokyo; the final episode aired on March 29, 2003.
The English release of the manga has been reprinted many times.
A television movie, a RahXephon video game, and an OVA episode were released a year later, in 2003.
The manga was adapted into a live-action film in 2005, with a sequel released in 2006.
Key later released versions of Kanon without the erotic content, and the game was ported to the Dreamcast, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable.
In Japan, the program existed as two separate series; The Secret of the Stone Disk for episodes 1-48 and The Legendary Path for episodes 49-73.
It has also been adapted into two live action films, and in a two-episode original video animation.
It premiered in Japan on the WOWOW television station on October 14, 1999 and ran until January 20, 2000.
The company was founded in 1977 by producer and director Satoshi Dezaki in order to produce the anime television series Shin Kyojin no Hoshi.
The anime series' opening theme is alternated between the song "Departure!"
Following the game's release, School Days made several transitions into other media.
There are twenty Gamers stores across Japan.
Masaki Tsuzuki adapted the series into a novel, which Megami Bunko published in August 2005.
It was licensed for Region 1 DVD English language release by Central Park Media under their US Manga Corps label.
It was serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump from September 1974 to February 1978, with the chapters collected into five tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
The series was largely filmed in Newhall, California.
The series debuted on the web, where it was made available in Japanese, English, Chinese, and Korean.
A second manga titled Ninku 2nd Stage: Stories of Etonins ran from 2005 to 2011 in the seinen magazine Ultra Jump.
Ninja are stock characters in Japanese and world popular culture.
Three OVA episodes were later produced by Aquaplus and Chaos Project, released between 2009 and 2010.
Both seasons have won several awards at the Tokyo International Anime Fair, Animage Anime Grand Prix, and Animation Kobe event.
This time all the musical arrangements were done by the band.
In Japan, the Cobra manga has sold 40 million copies, making it one of Weekly Shōnen Jump's best-selling manga series of all time.
Both the anime and manga have been licensed in North America by Tokyopop.
It is also known as HachiKuro and H&C.
In the United States, it was re-edited to a short movie called "Super Grand Prix".
A second three episode OVA series was released in 2014 by Production Reed.
A sequel series, The Ellie Chronicles, was later published from 2003–06.
The Gantz anime adaptation, directed by Ichiro Itano and animated by Gonzo, contains 26 episodes divided into two seasons.
The series has also been adapted into two manga series, which are serialized in Monthly Asuka and in Young Gangan.
This season aired shortly after the promotional event "Lyrical Party III" on April 1, 2007.
There are twenty Gamers stores across Japan.
Patlabor: The TV Series is a 1989-1990 anime television series.
is a high-school romance manga by Mitsuru Adachi.
In a poll conducted by TV Asahi in 2005, the Captain Tsubasa anime series ranked 41 in a list of top 100 anime series.
The anime adaptation received high ratings while airing in Japan, resulting in numerous marketing tie-ins.
Also, based on the first series, the doujin videogame company Digi Anime released an eroge visual novel of Angel Blade in 2002.
Ai Yori Aoshi is a Japanese seinen manga written and illustrated by Kou Fumizuki and serialized from 1998 to 2005 in Hakusensha's Young Animal.
Although created as a parody of Superman, the character's creators appear to have distanced themselves from this origin story.
A two-episode OVA was released in 1994, chronicling his exploits in the first volume of the manga.
Jubei-chan: The Ninja Girl is a Japanese anime action comedy television series created by Akitaro Daichi.
In 1989, Yōtōden was re-edited into the feature film titled Wrath of the Ninja for English-speaking regions.
The plot is based on the Izumo cycle of Japanese mythology and the tale of the god Susanoo and the eight-headed monster Yamata no Orochi.
Also there is a secret character from the first series in this anime.
A second film was released in 2014.
Entertainment, and finally both anime series in 2005 by Funimation Entertainment.
The collected stories are published in English by Tokyopop with the title The Kindaichi Case Files.
Idolmaster: Xenoglossia is a 26-episode anime television series by Sunrise, based on the Namco Bandai Games series The Idolmaster.
It was later released in America as Gigantor.
It forms part of the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha series.
A two-episode original video animation was also made and aired on March 16, 2005.
After Tokyopop went out of business JManga began translating the manga and has progressed farther than TokyoPop did.
The series was later added to Viz Media's Neon Alley digital anime channel on June 1, 2015.
Bleach received the Shogakukan Manga Award for the shōnen demographic in 2005, and is among the best-selling manga in both Japan and the United States.
Black Jack has also been animated into an OVA, two television series and two films.
à la mode received praise as a good continuation of the series, but was also criticized for offering nothing new.
The Otoboku anime was generally panned in reviews at Anime News Network where the series was described as "cruelly unimaginative" with "obnoxious quirks and technical shortcomings."
A 13-episode anime was adapted by MSJ and a PlayStation 2 video game was produced by MediaWorks.
New stories are published annually in Shogakukan's Big Comic Original magazine since 1987.
In the United States, portions of the manga were published by Viz Media in 1990.
It focuses on five girls infused with the DNA of endangered animals which gives them special powers and allows them to transform into "Mew Mews."
The anime series was picked up by ADV Films but, in 2008, the series, along with over 30 other ADV titles, was transferred to Funimation Entertainment.
A second three episode OVA series was released in 2014 by Production Reed.
A mixture of the two is very powerful indeed."
A spin-off manga, Naqua-Den, which stars a side character from Princess Resurrection as the main character, was released in 2012 currently with two volumes.
A movie version by the same studio and director was released in 1980.
It was produced by Media Factory, J.C. Staff, and Amber Film Works, and was broadcast on several television channels in Japan between July and September 2005.
Hasbro Studios and Nelvana Limited licensed the anime for an English-language release.
The English-language translation was being published by Dark Horse Comics, but was discontinued before the release of volume 9 in 2005.
The prequel of Peacemaker Kurogane is Shinsengumi Imon Peace Maker was published by Enix in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Gangan.
Maison Ikkoku is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi.
It also received two anime film adaptations, and a four-part, unfinished anime OVA.
The manga follows Kintarō Yajima, a former Bōsōzoku leader who, as a promise to his late wife, has become a salaryman.
He is known for directing anime based on the works of Go Nagai, Ken Ishikawa, and twice, Shotaro Ishinomori.
Saban picked up the North American rights to the series in 1991, and produced an English version called Samurai Pizza Cats.
The television series was released in English by ADV Films and 3 volumes of videos were released on VHS and DVD.
However, not all the girl characters are classmates of the main character.
CPU in Japan, is a Japanese hentai/ecchi series by Kaoru Shintani.
In the United States, over 100 thousand copies were sold during the first two weeks and has sold over a million copies worldwide.
The anime adaptation has been well received and ranked in the top twenty in Animage's polls between 1996 and 2001.
Right Stuf Inc. has since rescued the series for a complete collection release under their Lucky Penny label in 2014.
has been re-made into an expanded version called Shuffle!
This title was one of the early popular titles in hentai that arrived in North America.
The series won the 42nd Bungeishunjū Manga Award in 1996.
A box set was also released as a compilation of the six DVDs.
Oldna Poseidal, the legendary emperor from the planet Gastogal leads his 24 Temple Knights from planet to planet until all have fallen under his control.
A 13-episode second season entitled Hidamari Sketch × 365 aired in Japan between July and September 2008.
The Laughing Target is a Japanese manga by Rumiko Takahashi and published in Weekly Shōnen Sunday in 1983.
Burn-Up Excess is an animated Japanese television series, directed by Shinichiro Kimura, animated by Magic Bus and AIC.
MasterChef is an American competitive cooking reality show based on the original British series of the same name, open to amateur and home chefs.
On June 2013, it was announced the manga would be adapted into a live-action film directed by Koichi Sakamoto, and starring Mayuko Iwasa.
The other two CDs were the soundtrack for the Angel Sanctuary OVA and the opening single for the OVA.
The series is directed by Toshiaki Komura, who previously directed Kinnikuman Nisei.
The series explores the experiences and emotions of Evangelion pilots and members of Nerv as they attempt to prevent another catastrophe.
The story focuses on Yuji Sakai, a high school boy who inadvertently becomes involved in an age-old conflict between forces of balance and imbalance in existence.
The series became sufficiently popular for Seven Seas Entertainment to license the manga series and light novels for English language distribution.
But due to the popularity of the story and receiving considerable encouragement, he continued the story through five more books, ending with "Fubuki no Ashita."
Haō Taikei Ryū Knight is a manga series written and illustrated by Takehiko Itō.
This page deals with the episodes from the television series.
In series 12, Mel B and Walsh were replaced by Rita Ora and Nick Grimshaw.
Xebec produced four OVA episodes of To-Love Ru Darkness and later an anime television series adaptation that aired between October and December 2012.
Slow Step is a romantic comedy boxing and softball manga by Mitsuru Adachi.
However, when the anime was picked up by TOKYOPOP and prepared for its 2003 release as Reign: The Conqueror, another dub was created.
The manga has been licensed by Yen Press for distribution in North America.
La Blue Girl is an erotic anime and manga series by Toshio Maeda.
The experimentation in plot structure can be very subtle often requiring the viewer to watch each episode twice before noticing it.
Harukanaru Toki no Naka de is an otome adventure game developed by Ruby Party and published by Koei.
The samurai were usually associated with a clan and their lord, and were trained as officers in military tactics and grand strategy.
A set of five drama CDs were produced between October 2006 and August 2007 by Wayuta.
Kanon has sold over 300,000 units across several platforms.
Disney Channel is a Japanese television channel owned by Walt Disney TV International Japan, a unit of Walt Disney Co., Ltd. Japan.
Chō Kōsoku Galvion is a 22-episode anime television series mecha series that aired in Japan in 1984.
Variable Geo is an anime series based on the popular Japanese fighting game series of the same name.
A PlayStation 2 visual novel based on the series was released in Japan in March 2007, developed by Marvelous Interactive.
Maria-sama ga Miteru received generally positive reviews by critics.
Both the manga and anime series were licensed by ADV Films in 2004 for distribution in North America.
In the process, he befriends a fighter for the balancing force and names her "Shana".
The chapters have been adapted into an original video animation produced by Anime International Company, and an anime series which aired from 2005 to 2006.
An anime based on the manga was created by Mushi Production and was broadcast on Fuji Television from 1965 to 1967.
Slam Dunk is a sports-themed manga series written and illustrated by Takehiko Inoue about a basketball team from Shōhoku High School.
An anime film adaption produced by Manglobe was released in August 2011.
The manga was also adapted into three television drama specials and theatrical film.
It continued to be broadcast concomitantly on radio until June 29, 1956.
It is one of the best-selling manga in the world, having sold over 100 million copies.
The anime was renamed "Kaze no Fujimaru" in order to associate it with its sponsor, Fujisawa Pharmaceuticals.
The first 10-episode season was made available on February 19, 2016, and a 12-episode second season premiered on March 10, 2017.
In 2009, Romeo × Juliet was dubbed into English and released by Funimation Entertainment.
This is a list of titles released by Manga Entertainment in the UK, Australia & North America, and there are regional differences on what is released.
Kiddy Grade is a 24-episode science fiction anime series produced in 2002 and created by gímik and Gonzo Digimation and directed by Keiji Gotoh.
Angel Blade is part of the Vanilla Series of pornographic animation.
Geneon originally licensed the first television series for release in North America, but the license later transferred to Funimation, who also licensed the remaining anime properties.
The girls' commanding officer bears a resemblance to Naru Narusegawa from Love Hina.
Thirteen episodes were dubbed in English by Saban Entertainment, under the title of Dragon Warrior, and aired in the United States.
The Tokyopop book summary states that it is "Robin Hood meets Sailor Moon!"
An anime film adaption produced by Manglobe was released in August 2011.
Fire Tripper is a Japanese manga by Rumiko Takahashi and published in Weekly Shōnen Sunday in 1983.
It currently runs on "The Works" television network.
NetRunner is a controversial publication since some articles promote hacking.
A second live action series aired in Japan during 2012, and two more in 2014.
The series was very popular in the United States, though less so in its native Japan.
Unico is a manga and anime character by Osamu Tezuka.
In the US, ADV Films released 3 volumes of videos on VHS and DVD in 2003.
The original short stories, manga, light novels, and video game used the exclamation mark in the title; the anime excluded it.
Kyojin no Hoshi is a Japanese sports manga written by Ikki Kajiwara and illustrated by Noboru Kawasaki.
Each Karas episode was first televised in Japan as a pay-per-view program from March 25, 2005, to August 3, 2007, before being released onto DVDs.
At least four different versions have been released.
The manga has been licensed for distribution in North America by Broccoli Books with the first volume being released in June 2008.
This story was an early 20th-century Japanese folk tale performed on kamishibai.
Viz Media licensed and released the manga and OVA in North America.
Frog is a manga series by Mine Yoshizaki.
A manga illustrated by Hoehoe Nōmiso was serialized in Dengeki Daioh between the November 2005 and May 2007 issues.
This series, titled Silent Möbius QD, ended in 2015.
The anime series was also licensed by Viz, but is now licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
The series was originally serialized in MediaWorks' now-defunct light novel magazine Dengeki hp and spanned eight volumes released between October 2003 and August 2006.
The manga's chapters have been collected in twenty-five tankōbon volumes.
Battle Programmer Shirase is an anime television series aired in 2003 and produced by AIC.
It was serialized in Comic Blade Masamune.
20th Century Boys is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Urasawa.
Music, mystery, intrigues and darkness are central elements of Gilgamesh's plot.
The first season is composed of 52 episodes, while the second, entitled Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch Pure, lasted for 39.
Shining Tears X Wind is a Japanese anime based on the PlayStation 2 games Shining Tears and Shining Wind.
Funimation Entertainment licensed the anime for English release.
It was created for the Gundam Big Bang 20th Anniversary celebration and is the eighth installment in the Gundam franchise.
An animated movie was released in 2005, as well as a live action movie in 2006.
A new TV special premiered September 5, 2009 on Fuji TV.
It was based on the 1913 novel Pollyanna and following 1915 sequel Pollyanna Grows Up by Eleanor H. Porter.
The first story under the title "Chibi Maruko-chan" was published in the August 1986 edition of the shōjo manga magazine Ribon.
Diverging frequently from Comic Party canon, this offshoot manga series includes more yaoi elements than the original materials.
The main character, Candice "Candy" White Audley is a blonde girl with freckles, large emerald green eyes and long, curly hair, worn in pigtails with bows.
Dragon Quest: Dai no Daibōken, is a Japanese manga based in the video game series Dragon Quest.
Slave Doll is a Japanese pornographic original video animation created by Otakey Sasaki and released in 2000.
Diomedéa was formed after a split with Group TAC.
The game series also won a Bishōjo Game Award on September 5, 2008 as part of the best game series ever.
Moon Phase is about a young vampire girl named Hazuki and a Japanese freelance photographer Kouhei Morioka whom Hazuki attempts to make into her servant.
On July 11, 2008 ADV Announced that it was discontinuing print of the DVDs.
The first two arcs of the manga were published in English by Tokyopop with all the sound effects left out untranslated.
Professional race car driver and pioneer of drifting Keiichi Tsuchiya helped with editorial supervision.
The story continues from where it left off in volume 42.
Atsuku Nare is one of her biggest hits, which single sold more than million copies.
However, the manga has received some criticism, mostly centered on some of the jokes and repetitive plot.
In 2005, it was broadcast on SBS in Korea.
The manga was serialized in Japan in Hakusensha's semi-monthly shōjo manga magazine, Hana to Yume.
The Saints have sworn to defend the reincarnation of the Greek goddess Athena in her battle against other Olympian gods who want to dominate Earth.
Cartoon Network's Adult Swim block began airing Bleach in the United States on September 9, 2006.
A live-action version was made, titled Steel Angel Kurumi Pure, but has a different continuity to the anime.
The shorts initially parody stories and characters from the Gundam franchise with super deformed forms of Gundam characters and mecha.
The series originally aired in Japan on TV Tokyo from February 1, 1990 to February 12, 1991, for a total of 54 episodes.
Its plot was based on the Japanese late Tokugawa period and the story of the Shinsengumi samurai.
A live-action TV special aired in May 2007 on TV Asahi, with a finale aired in July 2008.
Episode 22 was a typical episode but had a 35-second epilogue tacked onto the end that explained the series' planned outcome via voice-over narration and stills.
The story focuses in a romance between Randy "Ryo" Maclean and Dee Laytner, two New York City detectives from the fictitious 27th precinct.
The 37-episode anime series was broadcast from 31 March 1983 until 20 April 1984 on the Fuji Television network.
After the death of the author on July 20, 2009, the story remains incomplete at twelve chapters.
The series premiered in Young King Ours in 1997 and ended in September 2008.
Subsequently, the English license reverted to Kodansha.
Full recipes for the dishes featured in each chapter are provided at the end of the chapter.
Sentai Filmworks has licensed all four seasons of the anime.
The plot revolves around four characters and how they work to achieve their dreams.
Instead of being born with horns like traditional Japanese ogres, he was born with a sword.
Yū Godai published Volume 131 Parro no Ankoku on that date, followed by Yume Yohino's Volume 132 Cylon no Banka in December 2013.
The first seven were directed by Takao Nagaishi and the final two were directed by Naoki Uesugi.
Ballad of a Shinigami, subtitled momo: the god girl of death, is a Japanese light novel series written by K-Ske Hasegawa, with illustrations by Nanakusa.
The game was made a sequel released in 2008.
The first volume was released on June 19, 2007, although it was originally scheduled for release in March 2007.
It combines elements from typical American movie productions like horror, drama, mystery and musicals.
Kimengumi is a manga series written by Motoei Shinzawa which ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1982 to 1987.
Wedding Peach is a shōjo manga written by Sukehiro Tomita and illustrated by Nao Yazawa that was originally serialized in Shogakukan's Ciao magazine.
The story focuses on Bleed Kaga as he struggles to settle the score with Hayato Kazami.
is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Jin Kobayashi, who is known for his previous work School Rumble.
The first adaptation, simply titled Bible Black, consisted of six episodes animating numerous scenes from the video game.
It was followed by two sequel series, New Ironfist Chinmi and Ironfist Chinmi Legends.
To avoid religious implications, the Buddha was named "The Guardian".
After the closure of Geneon USA, the series was relicensed by Sentai Filmworks.
Gamers opened a store in the United States in 2001, Anime Gamers, that is located in Los Angeles.
Sci-Fi West Saga Starzinger, also known as Force Five: Spaceketeers in the United States, is an anime series that aired in Japan from 1978 to 1979.
And the first CD drama was released on September 21, 2006.
The only change to the game itself was an extra ® Registration to Takara 1987 over of the 1986 one.
The series returned as Superbook II with 26 episodes to air from April 4, 1983 to September 26, 1983.
In cartoons, she voices Harmony in Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi and Mipsy Mipson in As Told by Ginger.
The show aired in India on Cartoon Network in 2009.
The first season of Voltron, featuring the "Lion Force Voltron", was adapted from the Japanese anime television series Beast King GoLion.
A fourth anime season, Hidamari Sketch x Honeycomb, aired between October and December 2012.
Three volumes of collected chapters were published in Japan between August 1997 and January 1999.
in some releases, is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kōsuke Fujishima.
Kinnikuman is a manga series created by the duo Yoshinori Nakai and Takashi Shimada, known as Yudetamago.
It was published in the UK in 2004 by ADV Manga.
It was created and directed by Shoji Kawamori and produced by Satelight.
The Hakkenden is an OVA series by AIC and Artmic in two sequences, the second subtitled The Hakkenden: A New Arc.
In 2005, the series was adapted into an anime series and a PlayStation 2 video game.
Shodensha collected the chapters into five volumes.
Critics have generally praised the series for its illustrations and its portrayal of supernatural elements.
It was published by Shogakukan from 1980 to 1984 in the biweekly manga magazine Shōnen Big Comic.
The series was never translated into any languages or released outside Japan.
A 12-episode anime produced by Artland aired in Japan between October and December 2006, and an original video animation episode followed in January 2007.
The 2006 version is, however, substantially different from the incarnation originally presented within Genshiken, featuring redesigned characters and a new plot line.
An anime adaptation created by Madhouse aired on Nippon TV between April 5, 2006 and March 27, 2007.
These were later released by Wildstorm Productions, a division of DC Comics, as Speed Racer: The Original Manga.
The Eyeshield 21 franchise has spawned two original video animations, audio albums, video games, and other merchandise.
It has no ongoing plot and typically focuses on the daily lives of the characters.
The first anime adaptation of Obake no Qtarō was shown on the Tokyo Broadcasting System in black & white, and ran from 1965–1968.
The series was released by Bandai Visual to 18 VHS, LD and DVD compilation volumes between September 1998 and May 2000.
Hajime no Ippo is a Japanese boxing manga series written and illustrated by George Morikawa.
A manga adaptation of the anime was published by Shueisha and serialized in Saikyo Jump in 2012.
Vampiyan Kids is a Japanese anime television series by Production I.G and directed by Masatsugu Arakawa.
Both studios collaborated on the English script and casting, Bang Zoom directed and recorded the actors, and Williams Street handled the final mixing for the dub.
It was later ported to the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita consoles.
The show originally aired from April 6, 1995 through March 28, 1996 on the anime satellite channel Animax and on the regular cable channel TV Tokyo.
Cyborg 009 is a manga created by Shotaro Ishinomori.
The first anime season was licensed in North America by Geneon Entertainment, but it is now licensed by Funimation after Geneon withdrew from the anime market.
Finally, an anime version was adapted and aired in Japan between March and September 2005.
The series has also been adapted into two manga series, which are serialized in Monthly Asuka and in Young Gangan.
It premiered on 18 December 2011 on FTV Main Channel and 24 December 2011 on GTV Variety Show.
The story revolves around Haruhiko Amami, a male high school student living in a town where a rainbow is always seen in the sky.
The series mainly revolves around the sport of association football focusing on Tsubasa Oozora.
On television, the series began airing on Adult Swim's Toonami block on April 16, 2016.
Nobue, sensing there is enough oxygen for 4 people but not 5, sends Miu out in space.
Despite criticism for extensive editing that removed most of the Japanese elements, the Mew Mew Power dub became the highest rated 4Kids show during its broadcast.
At Anime Central 2010, North American anime distributor Funimation Entertainment announced that they have rescued Gun Sword and re-released the series in late 2010.
After the release of the anime series, Okazaki remade the original Afro Samurai dōjinshi into a two-volume manga.
The "G" in "G-taste" is used symbolically as the letter between "F" and "H".
It was originally released for PC, and has since been ported to PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable.
Project A-ko 4: Final is the fourth and final movie in the Project A-ko series.
As of 2007, the entire manga series is available in English-language translations.
These chapters have since been collected into three volumes, as well as two magazine-style books.
She eventually joins them in a threesome.
An anime adaptation ran from July 9, 2005 to October 1, 2005.
In 2007, the manga series was licensed in North America by Tokyopop as Manga Sutra, only four volumes were released.
A new manga series started in 2013 which serves as a sequel to the original series.
The anime is an adaptation of Chikako Urano's 1968 volleyball manga serialized in Weekly Margaret Magazine under the same name.
The show also aired on PBS stations throughout the United States, courtesy of PBS-member station WNET.
The hero of the story, whose parents have been murdered, grows up to use his peculiar powers to take revenge.
In 1997, ADV Films produced an English dub exclusively for the UK market, also released on VHS.
Di Gi Charat is a Japanese manga and anime series created by Koge-Donbo.
An anime television series based on the Arakawa manga aired in 2015.
The manga ended serialization in Dengeki Comic Gao!
The first tankōbon was released on February 24, 2007.
In Japan, the Gin Tama manga has been popular, selling over 50 million copies, making it one of the best-selling manga series.
Gon is a tiny fictional dinosaur and the title character of a Japanese manga series created by Masashi Tanaka.
The story is an adaptation of the novel Journey to the West.
The platoon has many failed attempts at taking over Earth.
A second season, School Rumble: 2nd Semester, aired between April and September 2006.
In 2002, the manga was adapted into a television drama with Yukie Nakama in the title role.
An animated television series was co-produced by TV Tokyo, NAS, and Xebec, which aired on Japan's TV Tokyo network from 2001 to 2002.
The series has themes of science fiction, adventure, raunchy comedy, and light erotica.
Tracey Anne Thorn is an English singer, songwriter and writer.
A non-adult version remake, named Oretachi ni Tsubasa wa Nai R, of the PC game was released on May 27, 2011.
The first seven were directed by Takao Nagaishi and the final two were directed by Naoki Uesugi.
The OVA premièred in Japan in February 2002 in an advanced screening.
It appeared as a serial in the Japanese fashion magazine Zipper.
The TV series was later licensed in North America and released on DVD by Media Blasters.
Plus he has co-authored clever scripts with surprisingly intricate plotlines.
Tokyopop released the two volumes of Aqua on October 2007 and February 2008, and six volumes of Aria between January 2008 and December 2010.
Chapters are collected and published in collected volumes by Hakusensha, concluding with nineteen volumes released in Japan.
A trilogy of live-action film adaptations, directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi, were released in 2008 and 2009.
This manga is a remake of Tatakae!
A live-action version of the series had been scheduled for March 2008.
However, the young man's family disapproves of him associating with people of the lower classes.
A new short anime series, titled Musekinin Galaxy Tylor and produced by Seven, premiered on July 11, 2017.
It has also received two live-action adaptations; a TV movie in 1988 and a theatrical film in 1997.
In 1990, it received the 35th Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
He is currently a free agent and his nickname is "Chi-chan".
It mixes both drama and action with some comedy and humor.
Sentai Filmworks acquired North American rights to the series, has released it in two half-season box sets, and is streaming it online.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Sphere Tenku started serialization in September 2010 in Seikaisha's online magazine Saizensen.
Loveless is an ongoing fantasy manga by Yun Kōga.
This thrilling story describes how the fighting girls protect humanity from terror.
The series spawned a successful line of fashion and luxury products, and also a spin-off series called The Colbys.
The hero of the story, whose parents have been murdered, grows up to use his peculiar powers to take revenge.
It also aired on Channel V between the same time as the show aired on Fuji TV.
The story features a mysterious young girl, Kobato Hanato, who works in a local kindergarten.
The first two seasons of this version were broadcast in Greece in 1981–82 as Διαστημόπλοιο Αργώ.
The main recurring characters are a brother, Hiroshi, and sister, Ami, who are edging ever closer to an incestuous relationship.
Pink Pineapple produced nine Rapeman live action feature films, released between 1993 and 1996.
Between 2006 and 2012, the series was adapted by J.C.Staff into four anime television series and an additional original video animation episode.
The anime series, as well as their specials, are licensed and distributed in North America by Sentai Filmworks with English subtitles.
An anime television series and movie based on the series were also released.
A live-action film adaptation of the series, directed by Ataru Oikawa, premiered in Japanese theaters in May 2008, with a sequel released in May 2009.
In 2005, the first half of the anime series was licensed for North American distribution by Funimation Entertainment and has been released on DVD.
It has versions for four different platforms: PC CD, Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, and PC DVD-Rom.
Slayers follows the adventures of teenage sorceress Lina Inverse and her companions as they journey through their world.
It was also broadcast on international networks such as Anime Network, AXN Asia, Locomotion.
Guiding Light was created by Irna Phillips, and began as an NBC Radio serial on January 25, 1937.
It has been adapted for the screen several times, as anime, live action and video games.
Mitsuru Adachi is a Japanese manga artist.
The anime has been released in the US in a 3-disc release by Central Park Media.
A dark and apocalyptic anime series based on the original story was adapted by Group TAC in 2003.
Mattel's popular Shogun Warriors toy collection included Getter Robo G's robot formations in that toy line: Getter Dragon, Getter Liger, and Getter Poseidon.
A PSP RPG titled Fate/Extra was released on July 22, 2010, and a sequel and companion game, Fate/Extra CCC, was released on March 28, 2013.
The tokusatsu aired for the first time in July 1972.
It received an "Excellence Award" for animation at the 1999 Japan Media Arts Festival.
Maria-sama ga Miteru, often shortened to Marimite, is a Japanese light novel series written by Oyuki Konno with illustrations by Reine Hibiki.
In 2013, Akamatsu began a sequel/spin off titled UQ Holder!
Bartender was later adapted into an anime television series, broadcast in 2006 on Fuji Television.
Discotek Media announced the North American license to the anime on March 13, 2012, and plans on releasing the series to DVD and Blu-ray.
Like Maeda's other hentai series, La Blue Girl features a large amount of tentacle rape.
The manga was published by Hakusensha, Kodansha and later by Seishinsha.
Arjuna aired on TV Tokyo from January 9, 2001 to March 27, 2001, totaling 13 episodes.
The characters were designed by Tomonori Kogawa.
An anime OVA was announced by Media Factory, and premiered in Japanese theaters on November 12, 2011.
Its 1,960 chapters were collected into 200 tankōbon volumes, making it the manga series with the highest number of volumes.
Death Note is a Japanese manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata.
Gundam Evolve, also known as Mobile Suit Gundam Evolve, is a series of promotional short films set in the different timelines of the Gundam series.
The series was adapted as a popular anime television show that aired in 1982 in Japan on Mondays from 7:00pm to 7:30pm.
Both anime and the second OVAs were licensed and dubbed in English by Funimation in North America.
It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday magazine from October 2004 to April 2017.
He eventually desires a real romantic relationship, not just "friends with benefits".
Shogakukan released 52 volumes in Japan from February 2005 to June 2017.
Later, Shueisha collected the chapters and published them in 18 tankōbon volumes.
The main character is a 15-year-old English girl named Jane Buxton, who dreams of building a flying machine.
The second, Beyblade V-Force, ran for another 51 episodes from January 7, 2002 until December 30, 2002.
It got rewarded with Gold disc by Recording Industry Association of Japan.
There are also four animated short films.
The CGI was produced by FUNimation Entertainment and premiered between 10:50 p.m. and 11:30 p.m. on December 31, 2002.
It was also made into an adult video game Dragon Pink: The Zero Castle for the NEC PC-9801 in 1992.
It features several first year students and their teachers in a school in Japan, though the main focus is on class 1-C.
Mahoromatic is a sci-fi romantic comedy manga and anime series which contains elements of the literary genre of tragic dramas.
However the manga series continues to be published with the permission of the artist's widower.
Sorcerer Hunters is a light novel and manga series, written by Satoru Akahori and illustrated by Ray Omishi.
Toshiba EMI released the episodes on both VHS and Laserdisc across 13 volumes, each containing two episodes.
It has been serialized by Kodansha in Weekly Shōnen Magazine since 1989 and collected in over 118 tankōbon to date.
In North America, "Beautiful Dreamer" was released by Central Park Media.
Duel Masters is a franchise based on a manga, anime and a trading card game.
Its characters and mecha were designed by Mamoru Nagano, who would later go on to create The Five Star Stories.
It combines elements from typical American movie productions like horror, drama, mystery and musicals.
It was packaged in double DVD sets to make up for the long delayed release of the series.
Gungrave was announced as one of the several titles under the agreement on December 30, 2008.
The second series ran from 1971–1972 on Nihon TV, this time in color.
Ushio and Tora is a supernatural manga by Kazuhiro Fujita.
Featuring three main characters: Chuck, Ryo and Anice.
Mystery of the Necronomicon is an H anime created by Abogato Powers and released in 2001.
The story is centered on the prefecture of Gunma, more specifically on several mountains in the Kantō region and in their surrounding cities and towns.
It was originally serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Young Jump from June 2002 to August 2005, with the 107 chapters collected into twelve tankōbon volumes.
The first anime series was licensed by Geneon Entertainment in English, but the license expired in 2011.
The 9-volume manga also includes Yoshizumi's other works, including her debut manga "Radical Romance."
Kamon hides his heir, Kamon Myroad on the planet Mizum with the legendary white mecha, L-Gaim.
Media Blasters has confirmed that the dub produced by ADV was kept.
The anime began airing before the manga was complete; as a result, the plot differed between the two, especially the ending.
The anime adaptation was produced by Madhouse Studios as a 12-episode television series.
The series is about seven Japanese teenagers who share common dreams about their past lives as alien scientists who observed the Earth from the Moon.
The manga was serialized in Japan in Hakusensha's semi-monthly shōjo manga magazine, Hana to Yume.
In Japan, the Cobra manga has sold 40 million copies, making it one of Weekly Shōnen Jump's best-selling manga series of all time.
Actors include Yuji Oda, Honami Suzuki, and Narimi Arimori.
It premiered in Japan on WOWOW on October 5, 1998 and ran until its conclusion on March 29, 1999.
Later, they run into each other again when they happen to check out the same apartment, and the girls decide to become roommates.
Dominion is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Masamune Shirow.
The series has also spawned several companion books, spin-off manga, video games, and other merchandise.
The 18 Kanzenban volumes were released periodically between July 2005 and June 2006 in Japan only.
Area 88 is a Japanese manga series by Kaoru Shintani serialized between 1979 and 1986.
Tetsuya Nomura acted as the supervising director.
A manga adaptation of the anime was published by Shueisha and serialized in Saikyo Jump in 2012.
In 1985, the manga received the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen.
The North American DVD release by A.D.
He has had major influence on the development of genres such as noise rock, post-hardcore and math rock.
Captain, along with Play Ball, won the 22nd Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen in 1977.
The story is told in a heavily serialized manner.
There is a catch, however: Sano attends an all-boys high school named Osaka Gakuen and Mizuki must disguise herself as a boy to enter.
The word has since become a backronym which stands for Unity, Neighborliness, Integrity, Charity, Opportunity.
Death Note was first serialized in Shueisha's manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from December 2003 to May 2006.
Triangle Heart, abbreviated as Toraha, is a series of eroge and OVAs that is most noted for its spin-off series, Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha.
The Irresponsible Captain Tylor is an anime series based on The Most Irresponsible Man in Space light novel series by Hitoshi Yoshioka.
Miracle Girl Limit-chan is a Japanese magical girl anime television series consisting in 25 episodes.
Honō no Tenkōsei was adapted into a two-episode original video animation anime series in 1991 by Gainax.
He is sometimes mistaken for another voice actor, Tomokazu Seki, sharing the same last name but are unrelated.
A 13-episode anime adaptation produced by J.C.Staff aired between July and October 2003, on AT-X and other channels.
Nagasarete Airantō is a Japanese manga series by Takeshi Fujishiro.
The anime series, produced by Sunrise, spanned 68 episodes, aired across Japan on the anime television network Animax, from October 7, 2001 to January 26, 2003.
Since its original broadcast, G Gundam has spawned manga, audio albums, video games, guide books, and several lines of scale models.
School Rumble is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Jin Kobayashi.
This was projected to be released in 2009, but was seen on online bookstores as having a 2011 release date.
In 2010, Inoue received special commendations from the Japan Basketball Association for helping popularize basketball in Japan.
In the July 2010 issue of the manga anthology Afternoon, a manga adaptation started serialization, illustrated by Seike Yukiko.
Montana Jones has a similar atmosphere to Sherlock Hound, a joint production of Rever and TMS Entertainment ten years earlier.
Duel Masters is a franchise based on a manga, anime and a trading card game.
Hana-Kimi or known originally as Hanazakari no Kimitachi e in Japan, is a shōjo manga series written by Hisaya Nakajo.
The original Japanese cast includes Megumi Ogata as Shinji Ikari, Megumi Hayashibara as Rei Ayanami, and Yūko Miyamura as Asuka Langley Soryu.
It ran on TV Osaka and TV Tokyo from April 3, 2005 to March 26, 2006, spanning up to 52 episodes.
The story was originally conceived by director Daichi.
A continuation of the TV anime series titled Gintama° began airing on April 8, 2015, and ended on March 30, 2016.
A 76-episode anime adaptation titled Hajime no Ippo: The Fighting!
The series also aired in the Philippines via GMA 7 and dubbed in Filipino language which runs from late 2000 until mid-2001.
The OVA is recognized for its "retro" style and operatic score.
Sentai Filmworks has since re-licensed and re-released the first series and released the other three series in North America.
The show is listed at Animeondvd.com as a recommended series.
The series is particularly notorious for its explicit depictions of rape, sadomasochism, and paraphilia.
An anime adaptation consisting of 145 television episodes was co-produced by TV Tokyo, NAS, and Gallop.
8 Man or Eightman is a manga and anime superhero created in 1963 by science fiction writer Kazumasa Hirai and manga artist Jiro Kuwata.
It is considered a classic by anime and manga critics, and has been influential in anime industry.
You're Under Arrest is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kōsuke Fujishima and was serialized in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine from 1986 through 1992.
Tsukuyomi: Moon Phase is a Seinen manga series by Keitarō Arima.
The third season of the series was aired as Nippon Television's 55th Anniversary Program in 2008.
Those Who Hunt Elves is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yu Yagami.
In 2005, Production I.G adapted the manga into an animated film, which was followed by two anime television series, and various original video animations.
There have been two 3-episode OVAs from J.C.Staff.
Princess Comet is a Japanese TV Drama and manga series created and illustrated by Mitsuteru Yokoyama, the creator of Tetsujin 28-go and Giant Robo.
A six-episode live-action television series adaptation premiered in Japan in May 2016, and a four-episode sequel premiered in November 2016.
It aired on TV Tokyo from April 1, 1992 to February 24, 1993.
In western countries the anime was released as a set of four VHS tapes, and censored for violent images.
A PlayStation 2 visual novel based on the series was released in Japan in March 2007, developed by Marvelous Interactive.
The series aired on the Tokyo Broadcasting System from April 1, 2004 to June 16, 2004, totaling 12 episodes.
×××Holic is a manga written and illustrated by the group of manga artists known as Clamp.
It is about the relationship between a male cat and his female owner told from the cat's perspective.
He modeled the spelling of あだち for his family name after the example of his older brother, manga artist Tsutomu Adachi.
The series centers on Mizuki Ashiya, a Japanese girl who lives in the United States.
With this device, which acts only as a psychic damper, he can finely attenuate his powers to prevent collateral damage.
It was produced by Constant c Productions and Amblin Television, in association with Warner Bros. Television.
An English-language version produced by Saban Entertainment aired in North America between August 1999 and June 2000.
In a poll conducted by TV Asahi in 2005, the Captain Tsubasa anime series ranked 41 in a list of top 100 anime series.
Urusei Yatsura 2: Beautiful Dreamer was also directed by Mamoru Oshii and was released on February 11, 1984.
First serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from October 22, 2002 to July 23, 2008, all 345 chapters were later collected in 22 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Three additional spin-off manga were also created, as were three visual novels.
Other fetishes the anime uses include maids, seifuku, nurses, lolitas, and nuns.
Armitage III is a 1995 cyberpunk original video animation series.
Soon, the team is entered into the All-Japan High School Championship.
Both series have approximately 25 episodes apiece.
An anime adaptation of the series began airing on TV Asahi in 1992 and is still ongoing on several television networks, worldwide.
Day by day, research is done and big wealth awarded to human race.
It was serialized by Kodansha in the magazine Shōjo Friend from 1975 to 1977.
The pack is gathering strong dogs from all over Japan to fight a deranged bear named Akakabuto and his minions.
Their only distinguishing traits are their long lives and the ability to use magic.
Inuyasha and Kagome gain several allies during their journey, including Shippo, Miroku, Sango and Kirara.
Since the debut of The Candidate for Goddess on Japanese television, a limited number of CDs and artbook illustrations for the series have been released.
In 1989, the manga tied to receive the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo.
The manga is licensed for English language release in North America by Viz Media.
The first five volumes were published in the now-defunct adult manga magazine Pulp, and the rest were released afterward under Viz's Editor's Choice line.
It was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comic Dragon magazine from May 2002 to January 2003 and was later collected in two bound volumes.
It aired in Japan between April 2, 2000, and March 25, 2001.
The televised anime series later aired between on July and September 2008.
The Ox-Tales books were published in partnership with Green Profile in order to raise revenue to fund Oxfam's projects which fight poverty around the world.
Both anime and the second OVAs were licensed and dubbed in English by Funimation in North America.
The bimonthly release of new chapters as well as the author's various health-related hiatus  have led to the relatively slow release rate of the manga.
Fujimaru of the Wind: The Childhood of a Ninja, also known as Samurai Kid, is a Japanese anime series produced by Toei Animation.
This includes a cash payment to the winner, but the majority is allocated to marketing and recording costs.
Trinity Blood is a series of Japanese light novels written by Sunao Yoshida with illustrations by Thores Shibamoto and originally serialized in The Sneaker.
The anime series' time slot was replaced by Demashita!
A second, 25-episode anime season by J.C.Staff aired between April and September 2009.
Saikano: The Last Love Song on This Little Planet.
A success in Japanese theaters, its creators followed up with Panda Kopanda and the Rainy-Day Circus in 1973, which was also a success.
The series was published in Big Comic Superior between 2002 and 2011.
The video streaming website Daisuki currently has the rights to stream the series worldwide.
A sequel to the series titled Aquarion Evol was announced on February 25, 2011, and aired in 2012.
Nodame Cantabile is a manga by Tomoko Ninomiya.
Otokojuku is a manga series written and illustrated by Akira Miyashita.
Space Pirate Captain Harlock is a manga series written and illustrated by Leiji Matsumoto.
The Ultraman is a Japanese animated television series co-produced by Tsuburaya Production and Tokyo Broadcasting System.
A manga of the same title began serialization in the seinen manga magazine Comic Birz on August 30, 2006.
The plotting and characterization are not simply devices to string the sex scenes together, but actually build a coherent story.
The manga was serialized in Tokuma Shoten's Shōnen Captain in 1995 with three collected volumes when the magazine was discontinued in 1997.
In May 2007, Simoun was licensed for release in North America by Media Blasters.
The anime has been licensed for a North American release by A.D.
A 13-episode second season entitled Hidamari Sketch × 365 aired in Japan between July and September 2008.
True Tears has made several transitions to other media.
The game is a sequel to Canvas ~Sepia-iro no Motif~.
Manga Entertainment's UK and Australian version is just a single movie.
Its title Futari Ecchi is a play on a slang term for masturbation, hitori ecchi.
A 13-episode anime adaptation produced by J.C.Staff aired between July and October 2003, on AT-X and other channels.
The anime series was released on DVD in Japan between 2002 and 2006.
Lloyd accompanies his childhood friend, Colette Brunel, who is destined to go on a journey to save their world.
It was directed by Morio Asaka and produced by Masao Maruyama, Jungo Maruta, and Akio Ofuji.
ASCII Media Works published 26 novels from November 2002 to November 2012 under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
The 1999 animated television adaptation has 16 episodes, with about 5½ minutes per episode.
Plus he has co-authored clever scripts with surprisingly intricate plotlines.
It is broadcast on the ITV network in the UK and simulcast on TV3 in Ireland.
The manga was drawn in 1964–1966 by Fujiko Fujio and in 1971–1974 by Fujiko F. Fujio.
Yukie Nasu appears frequently as herself, usually with a capital "N" on her head, to explain away certain loose plot threads.
A two-part OVA sequel aired on AT-X in October 2009.
His modeling credits include appearing in Men's Non-No and Popeye.
The new Rune Angel Troupe features Emblem Frames from NEUE and is the successor to the now disbanded Moon Angel Troupe.
A PlayStation 2 video game was released in March 2006, and it was ported to the Nintendo DS in March 2007.
An English dub of the anime airs in India on Cartoon Network.
It was published in English as part of the anthology Four Shōjo Stories.
They were first released in 1991 and 1995.
Two manga adaptations were published by ASCII Media Works in Dengeki Daioh and Dengeki Maoh.
Blade of the Immortal is a Japanese manga series by Hiroaki Samura.
Ambassador Magma is the title and protagonist of a manga and tokusatsu TV series created by Osamu Tezuka, the writer of Mighty Atom and Jungle Emperor.
The series is characterized by dynamic and exciting football moves, often stylish and implausible.
The novel was first published in English by Tokyopop on October 9, 2007.
The manga has not been released in the North America.
was adapted into a manga series, also written by Takimoto, with art by Kendi Oiwa.
In Japan, the Cobra manga has sold 40 million copies, making it one of Weekly Shōnen Jump's best-selling manga series of all time.
Sorachi added the science fiction setting to develop characters to his liking after his editor suggested doing a historical series.
Adventures of the Little Koala is an anime television series produced by Tohokushinsha Film Corporation.
He arrives in a quiet, seaside town where he meets three girls, one of whom is the key to the end of his journey.
The original books were also made into an OVA, animated feature-length films, anime, and comic.
Grappler Baki, known as Baki the Grappler in North America, is a manga series written and illustrated by Keisuke Itagaki.
Kashimashi: Girl Meets Girl is a Japanese yuri manga series written by Satoru Akahori and illustrated by Yukimaru Katsura.
Robin Hood is a Japanese anime series produced by Tatsunoko Production and NHK.
A successful live-action theatrical film adaptation was released in 2012, with limited international screenings.
The series follows Aika Sumeragi, a salvager for hire who gets caught up in a plot for world domination.
The series takes place in the "Toward Stars Era" universe in which spacecraft are capable of traveling faster than the speed of light.
Hajime no Ippo is a Japanese boxing manga series written and illustrated by George Morikawa.
A live-action film adaptation was released in Japan in November 2010.
The students are trained to "revive the Spirit of Japan" and mainly engage in fighting courses.
Starship Troopers is a six-part anime OVA produced by Sunrise/Bandai Visual and released in 1988.
The series, created by Richard and Esther Shapiro and produced by Aaron Spelling, revolves around the Carringtons, a wealthy family residing in Denver, Colorado.
In 1989, the manga tied to receive the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo.
The character and mecha designs in RYVIUS were created by Hisashi Hirai, who later went on to act as character designer for Gundam SEED.
The series also spawned a live-action drama special starring Misaki Ito and Sachie Hara.
Numerous movies and television series have followed.
In April 2006, an original video animation continuation of the anime began to be released on DVD.
In 1985 the story was adapted into a 3 part Original Video Animation directed by Toshihiro Hirano.
It followed the manga storyline more closely than the anime series.
"Super Transformation Cosmopolitan Prayers" is an eight episode anime series that aired in early 2004.
Heavy Metal L-Gaim Erugaimu, literally "Heavy Fighting Machine L-Gaim") is a mecha anime television series, begun in 1984, which was directed by Yoshiyuki Tomino.
Blood+ is licensed for international distribution in several regions through Sony Pictures' international arm, Sony Pictures Television International.
Two new anime films have been announced with first film to be released in 2017 and second film in 2018.
In 1993, it won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.
There was also a live-action version, Welcome to Ogenki Clinic.
The manga was published in 1967 by Shogakukan, and was serialized in Weekly Shonen Sunday magazine.
It was published by Hakusensha from 1986 to 1994 in the magazine Hana to Yume and collected in 21 volumes.
Bandai Entertainment licensed the series for North America release, and has published it in DVD volumes.
A new twelve-episode OVA adaptation, also from AIC, was scheduled to begin releasing in Japan in the spring of 2010, but was cancelled for financial reasons.
Magical Witch Punie-chan, also known as Dai Mahō-Tōge or The Great Magical Gap, is a Japanese comedy manga and OVA.
As the series unfolds, the focus shifts from the title character to one of his cubs, the male named Rune.
He was born and raised in rural Alberta.
He is a bald eagle, which is the national bird of the United States, where the games were held.
The TV series, produced by P Productions, was aired on Fuji TV from July 4, 1966 to September 25, 1967, lasting a total of 52 episodes.
The second was a comic anthology published by Kadokawa Shoten between July 2004 and December 2005.
Tiger Mask is a Japanese manga series written by Ikki Kajiwara and illustrated by Naoki Tsuji.
A nine-episode anime adaptation by Shaft aired between February and March 2006; an original video animation episode was also produced.
The anime is currently licensed by Funimation.
The anime has been licensed in the US by SoftCel Pictures.
Kenichi Yatani is a Japanese animation director.
A manga adaptation was published by Shueisha in Margaret and its sister magazine The Margaret.
In the episode "Reverse-Explosion" a spaceship is destroyed by impacting the moon.
Ai Yori Aoshi anime was directed by Masami Shimoda and animated by J.C.Staff.
Geneon licensed and dubbed 79 episodes of the second television series, 26 of which were broadcast on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim during 2003.
It was adapted into a pair of anime OVA episodes in 1992–1993.
Despite the blurb, this only contains the two-part first series, not all five episodes as stated.
The plot starts much like the first volume of the manga, but differs later, and the ending is quite different from the OVA and manga.
In 2002, it won the Animation Kobe award for packaged work.
A second season began airing on October 3, 2015.
The series is named after Spica, a binary star system and the brightest star in the constellation Virgo.
Nana Osaki was in a popular punk rock band in her hometown.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Sphere Tenku started serialization in September 2010 in Seikaisha's online magazine Saizensen.
Numerous movies and television series have followed.
It is a story about a battlefield in the stock market.
Its storyline largely revolves around the lives and close relationships of the school's student council known as the Yamayuri Council.
Kanokon is an abbreviation of Kanojo wa Kon, to Kawaiku Seki o Shite.
Originally intended to finish within 36 months, the seven volume series was ultimately released over the span of six years.
Much of the story is told through Minami's thoughts, which are full of self-doubt.
Tentacle rape was not present in the Urotsukidōji manga but was featured in a series that he would publish years later called Demon Beast Invasion.
It is set on post-apocalyptic colonized Mars.
The manga has spawned an original video animation series and numerous live-action films.
He also voiced the character Carl Chryniszzswics in the Italian-language version of the Cartoon Network animated series Johnny Bravo.
The series centred on the adventures of a young boy named Shotaro Kaneda, who controlled a giant robot named Tetsujin 28, built by his late father.
Jubei-chan follows Jiyu Nanohana, a modern highschool girl and unwilling heir to the Yagyu Jubei school of swordsmanship.
The series tells of the love affair that develops between 27-year-old Koshiro, and his 15-year-old sister, Nanoka.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Sphere Tenku started serialization in September 2010 in Seikaisha's online magazine Saizensen.
Revolutionary Girl Utena is a manga by Chiho Saito and anime directed by Kunihiko Ikuhara.
This comic and anime are widely popular not only in Japan, but in many countries around the world.
In March 2004, Albini said that the number of albums he had worked on was "probably as many as 1500."
It is a part of Ruby Party's Neoromance label.
On Chibi Japan Expo in Paris, Jean Chalopin announced that three new seasons of 26 episodes were planned with a release starting in 2011.
The title is a pun on the words "love trouble", which describes the harem aspect of the series.
Two Internet radio programs based on Utawarerumono aired on the Oto Izumi broadcast station.
Kiba aired on Toonami Jetstream from July 14, 2008 to January 21, 2009.
The manga was serialized in the Futabasha publication Weekly Manga Action from 1967 to 1970, then returned briefly in 1974.
Viz Media began releasing the manga in North America in 2014.
However, Paradise Kiss is a stand-alone story, as only three of the supporting characters are featured, who were only small children in Gokinjo Monogatari.
In 1989, Yōtōden was re-edited into the feature film titled Wrath of the Ninja for English-speaking regions.
It follows Suguru Kinniku, a superhero who must win a wrestling tournament to retain the title of prince of Planet Kinniku.
73: Stargazer is a side story to the anime TV series, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny.
As production occurred in Japan, Craig McCracken, the original creator of The Powerpuff Girls, was not directly involved with the project.
Future Robot Daltanious is an anime television series which aired from 1979 to 1980.
Terasawa devised it as a mix of spaghetti western and samurai stories, and aspects of films, varying from James Bond to Disney.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Sphere Tenku started serialization in September 2010 in Seikaisha's online magazine Saizensen.
These short comedy bits were well received by DVD viewers and interest in the series grew.
It was written by Osamu Tezuka as a critique of the Japanese government's approval of recombinant DNA research that year.
Kahoru Sasajima is a Japanese voice actress.
A total of 1,345 stories were created in the original series, which are published by Shogakukan under the Tentōmushi manga brand, extending to forty-five volumes.
Three fighting games have been released: Fate/unlimited codes for arcades and PlayStation 2, Fate/tiger colosseum and its sequel Fate/tiger colosseum Upper for PSP.
In video game franchises, she provides the English voice of Mistral and A-20 in the .hack series, Peashy in Hyperdimension Neptunia, and Flonne in Disgaea.
A second season aired between July and September 2010.
Twelve Warrior Explosive Eto Rangers is a 1995 Japanese anime television series.
For the anime, Funimation released an English-language version under the name Moon Phase.
A new TV special premiered September 5, 2009 on Fuji TV.
Ten years later, it was adapted as a theatrical anime movie, released November 1986.
The story focuses on 22-year-old ex-bōsōzoku member Eikichi Onizuka, who becomes a teacher at a private middle school, Holy Forest Academy, in Tokyo, Japan.
The Japanese DVD was released by video game publisher Atlus on March 25, 2005.
Kimengumi The Movie and produced by Hideyuki Kachi and Kazuya Watanabe.
Its storyline largely revolves around the lives and close relationships of the school's student council known as the Yamayuri Council.
In an interview, the author's widower, Shigeru Nishikawa, revealed that the manga's intended finale was to be conceptualized in the anime for the first time.
Closed Beta for an English version of the game ran from July 28, 2009 to August 3, 2009.
The manga was adapted into an animated television series in 2002.
The website Crunchyroll purchased the anime's streaming rights and home video rights.
The manga has been well received by both Japanese and English readers and has appeared in various rankings of bestselling books.
The OVAs of Tsubasa were released in North America in January 2011.
It was originally serialized irregularly in the avant-garde dōjinshi manga magazine Nou Nou Hau from September 1999 to May 2000.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion from 1991 to 1999 and collected into 42 tankōbon volumes.
The ending for the OVA series is "Yūmachi no Kaze" sung by Orikasa.
It optionally came with a limited edition Liger Zero.
It has been licensed by Viz Media, Star Comics and Chuang Yi Publishing.
When it was released on DVD in the US, this OVA has been edited into a film.
To counter this, Brave Seijin chose seven youngsters from Earth to receive the DagBraces and turn into Dagwon, the alien equivalent to "brave".
Urusei Yatsura, a Japanese anime and manga series, has six movies and twelve OVA releases.
A twenty-four episode anime adaptation of the manga series, produced by Xebec, aired in Japan from April 19, 2000, to September 27, 2000.
Cuts of the story were included in the music video for 'Innocence', produced by Nero and 'Weight of the Wind', produced by Real Clothes.
It premiered on May 21, 2002 in the monthly shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Daioh.
A more recent anime series, Comic Party Revolution, came out in 2003.
The chapters of You're Under Arrest have been collected in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
In 2010, Inoue received special commendations from the Japan Basketball Association for helping popularize basketball in Japan.
Karas is a six-part original video animation.
Skull Man is a shōnen manga series created by Shotaro Ishinomori which first appeared in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 1970 and immediately caused a sensation.
It has been shown, however, on several markets outside the United States.
It was serialized in Japan by Kodansha in the magazine Kiss from July 2001 to October 2009 and collected in 23 tankōbon volumes.
The result was Crusher Joe, a group of anti-heroes who were not the typical self-sacrificing types but noble in their own right nonetheless.
In both countries the terms were nominalized to mean "those who serve in close attendance to the nobility", the pronunciation in Japanese changing to saburai.
In 2005, Studio Deen produced an anime series that aired on Animax.
Kekko Kamen is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Go Nagai.
This show was originally aired in Japan as part of WOWOW's Anime Complex.
Now three Enterrans have to protect the last human in order to find the hidden sanctuary called Shinzo and restore the human race.
The series won the 1987 Shogakukan Manga Award for best children's manga.
The series was in black and white and ran for 23 episodes.
In January 2007, a sixteen chapter continuation titled 21st Century Boys ran until July, and was gathered into two tankōbon.
The show's creator and on-air host was Don Herbert.
The manga was licensed for English language release by Del Rey Manga, who has released all of its volumes since April 27, 2004.
The series follows a newlywed couple in their mid-twenties, both virgins when they married, and chronicles their sexual explorations.
The Kindaichi series, which started serialization in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 1992, is one of the earliest works in the mystery manga genre.
The manga is about a boy who starts a new job as a butler and the events he experiences with his employer.
On his blog, Kuroda states that he intends to write more some day, but is too busy.
The chapters of You're Under Arrest have been collected in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by the manga artist group Clamp.
We Without Wings, taglined Under the innocent sky., is the fifth visual novel developed by Navel.
The series has also been adapted into a series of drama CDs and a Dreamcast game.
An anime series was adapted from the manga in 1990 by Sunrise, which aired on TV Asahi.
A new anime series continuing after the events in the Gintama° anime series, named Gintama.
Neuro: Supernatural Detective's manga has been popular in Japan, frequently ranking in the weekly Top Ten list of best-selling manga.
School Days was remastered as School Days HQ on October 8, 2010 and localized in North America on June 27, 2012.
On May 1, 2012, the series was released on DVD in the US.
Inagaki chose American football as a central subject of Eyeshield 21 after realizing that it fit perfectly with his idea for the series.
The anime uses many of the same voice actors as were used for the drama CDs.
A live-action movie with heavy use of CGI was produced in Japan in 2005.
This title was picked up in North America by ADV Films for $91,000, who released the series in three volumes and box set.
Another prequel to the manga series, Fushigi Yûgi Byakko Hen will be published on August 27, 2017.
Both the anime OVA and manga are licensed for distribution in North America by Viz Media.
Fifty-two episodes were produced, however, only forty-six were broadcast in Japan.
The 30-minute episode was released in Japan on August 25, 2006.
Originally there were only five Evolve episodes, produced from 2001 to 2003, Bandai started to create new Evolve episodes in 2004.
At Anime USA 2009, Funimation announced that it had acquired the rights to the first and second series of Full Metal Panic!
The manga was released in America by Tokyopop, with all the sound effects in Japanese only.
There are also four animated short films.
The OVA, titled Black Lagoon: Roberta's Blood Trail, consists of only five episodes.
The series is set in the former city of Shimizu, now part of Shizuoka City, birthplace of its author.
The Candidate for Goddess was adapted into a 12-episode anime series directed by Mitsuru Hongo and produced by Xebec, a subsidiary of Production I.G.
Those volumes were localized to North America by Del Rey between January 2007 and August 2010.
Sixteen tankōbon volumes was compiled and published by Shogakukan.
Funimation has licensed the anime for release in the United States.
Many characters in the game parody Tekkaman and Tekkaman Blade.
It was licensed by Jim Terry Productions, as part of the Force Five promotion, as "Dangard Ace".
It was first published in North America by Viz Media in comic book form.
She has released music under several artist names, including Little Seraph, Angelic Alice, Angel, and Sakura.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from May 1997 to April 2002.
The show was also the basis for a PlayStation fighting game called Saber Marionette J: Battle Sabers, developed and published by Tom Create.
Professional race car driver and pioneer of drifting Keiichi Tsuchiya helped with editorial supervision.
By the fall of 1982, it was a top 10 show, and by the spring of 1985, it was the #1 show in the United States.
The manga originally ran in Kodansha's monthly manga anthology Afternoon from April 2002 to May 2006, and has been reprinted in nine bound volumes.
The first seven were directed by Takao Nagaishi and the final two were directed by Naoki Uesugi.
Two live action films are scheduled for release in 2016.
Novelizations of the game series were released by Kodansha Box between August 2007 and March 2009.
The series was released on DVD in 2002, including the original Japanese version with English subtitles on the reverse side of the disc.
was superseded by Crash B-Daman, a new series with an all new cast and story.
Aqua was serialized in Stencil from 2001 to 2002 and collected in two tankōbon volumes.
The Southeast Asian network Animax Asia aired an English-language version of the anime for seven seasons from 2010 to 2015.
Dokuro-chan: Kenkō Shindan Daisakusen was released in Japan.
As popular as was the anime series and its merchandise, such as Kinkeshi, a line of action figures released as M.U.S.C.L.E.
Dance till Tomorrow is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Yamamoto.
In 1998, Cartoon Network aired an English dub of the Akazukin Chacha anime in Southeast Asia and Mandarin-speaking countries.
The series has also aired in the Philippines, Hong Kong and Southeast Asia on Animax Asia.
Sol Bianca is a two-volume original video animation anime series released in 1990 and 1991 by director Katsuhito Akiyama in association with AIC.
ADV Films had previously licensed the anime series in North America.
The light novels had ended in March 2008 with the release of Volume 12, but as of July 2009, a new series entitled Motto!
A series of four films compiling the series has also been released in Japan.
The series is licensed in English by Yen Press under the name Sunshine Sketch.
Deko Boko Friends was shown on Treehouse TV in Canada.
A manga adaptation by Asuka Izumi was serialized in Hakusensha's shōjo manga magazines LaLa and LaLa DX between May 2005 and February 2007.
Two manga adaptations were published by Kadokawa Shoten, and three light novels have also been published, as well as multiple drama CDs.
The film is computer animated in both 2D and 3D, and is mostly black and white.
Using powerful magic and swordsmanship they battle overreaching wizards, demons seeking to destroy the world, and an occasional hapless gang of bandits.
In 1977, it was awarded the 1st Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo.
Cobra is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Buichi Terasawa.
In a poll conducted by TV Asahi in 2005, the Captain Tsubasa anime series ranked 41 in a list of top 100 anime series.
The series started to be collected in both DVD and Blu-ray format on January 25, 2012.
The manga was adapted into a film by Eiken and released in theaters on 1981-07-18.
The Kindaichi series, which started serialization in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 1992, is one of the earliest works in the mystery manga genre.
The anime was inspired by the Indiana Jones movies.
Tylor consists of a 26-episodes TV series directed by Kōichi Mashimo, and a sequel OVA series of 10 episodes directed by Mashimo and Naoyuki Yoshinaga.
Nine is a baseball manga series by Mitsuru Adachi.
Several of the stories have been adapted into anime series and OVAs, and even a live-action movie.
It was adapted into a live action series.
The characters are voiced by the same voice actors in the drama CD.
Golden Boy is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuya Egawa about a 25-year-old freeter, pervert, and "travelling student" named Kintaro Oe.
The first episode aired on November 13, 2004.
Cameo strips were published in other magazines such as Shōnen Ace and others.
The story is set on the "Planet of Endless Illusion", a place where rogues of all sorts gather.
The voice actors of the main characters from the first anime television series reprise their roles.
Later, Shueisha collected the chapters and published them in 18 tankōbon volumes.
by Gonzo in 2002, Full Metal Panic?
These episodes take place after the Patlabor TV series.
The anime toned down some of the more intense and mature elements of the manga for a prime-time TV audience.
Final, was directed by Makoto Sato and was released in 14 episodes among seven volumes from March 3 to August 18, 2004.
She instead, however, becomes a member of the Terrestrial Administration Center, a secret agency charged with fighting them.
Frog is a manga series by Mine Yoshizaki.
Despite the common ground, the stories of the game, anime, and manga versions of the Battle Network series all diverge heavily from each other.
So far, the only man she was able to attract is her perverted superior, Yuji Naruo... and he's being protected by Matsuri Tamagawa, his overly-zealous girlfriend.
Later, Shueisha collected the chapters and published them in 18 tankōbon volumes.
Netrun-mon is a single-episode Japanese original video animation which was created to celebrate the fifth anniversary of NetRunner magazine.
Hayate the Combat Butler is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kenjiro Hata.
It also deals heavily with the relationship between the players on the team, especially the two main characters Kazuhiko Aikawa and Takumi Fujiwara.
Ring ni Kakero, or Put It All in the Ring, is a manga created by Masami Kurumada.
The extensive use of French titles has also been criticized as being distracting and initially difficult to follow.
As Nurse Angel, she is the only person capable of protecting the Earth from world-destroying invaders.
The anime series, as well as their specials, are licensed and distributed in North America by Sentai Filmworks with English subtitles.
Itazura na Kiss is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Kaoru Tada.
It came out for PC in Japan in 2000 and was ported for DVD in 2001 and for PS2 in 2003.
It began as a serialized light novel series in 1999.
The game ranked several times in the national top 50 for best-selling PC games sold in Japan.
In Japan, Bartender has sold over 2.8 million copies, while it received a mixed reception from English-language manga and anime publications.
The TV series was later licensed in North America and released on DVD by Media Blasters.
She attends Ohtori Academy, where she meets a student named Anthy Himemiya, a girl who is in an abusive relationship with another student.
The Sigma 6 toy line served several purposes for Hasbro.
Dynasty stars John Forsythe as oil magnate Blake Carrington, Linda Evans as his new wife Krystle, and later Joan Collins as his former wife Alexis.
He made his debut role as Soichiro Arima in Kare Kano.
Chibi Maruko-chan is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Momoko Sakura.
On January 21, 2016, it was announced that Funimation, the North American distributor for the anime, no longer holds the license for the first season.
Dokkiri Doctor, also known as Startling Doctor or Dr. Dokkiri, is a manga series by Hosono Fujihiko, serialized from 1981 to 1982 in Shōnen Sunday.
The manga was adapted into an anime television series by Toei Animation that ran on Fuji TV from 1981 to 1986 consisting of 243 episodes.
The series ended its initial run on March 30, 2013.
It began serialization in ASCII Media Works' manga magazine Dengeki Daioh in 2002.
The last five episodes use "Red Fraction IO Drive mix" by Mell as opening theme.
Mobile Suit Gundam 0083: Stardust Memory is a 13-episode anime OVA series set in the Gundam universe.
The anime is popular in several countries and is arguably one of the most influential in boosting the popularity of Japanese animation in Western culture.
In this version the plot and story were also changed from its original version.
Both films are directed by Ogishima Tatsuya.
In 2010, Sumizawa started writing the novel Frozen Teardrop; another sequel from the series.
VIZ Media published the first twelve volumes in English.
Final Fantasy: Unlimited is an anime television series based on Square Enix's popular Final Fantasy role-playing video game franchise.
It is the second animated adaptation, following the 1986 OVA Guyver: Out of Control.
There are also four animated short films.
Gift is Moonstone's fourth title, and was followed up with an adult fan disc called Gift Rainbow-colored Stories released on January 27, 2006 for Windows.
The manga was adapted into an anime television series by Sunrise Studios in 1987.
The manga has been adapted into three television seasons, three OVA series and a film, all animated by Studio Deen.
Two live-action movie sequels to the Japanese television drama, with the same actors, were produced with release dates of 18 December 2009 and April 2010.
The name is a play on words: binchōtan is a kind of charcoal, which is mainly used for cooking.
It later spawned two anime sequels and different anime movies.The anime was ranked #15 on TV Asahi's Top 100 Anime.
They mostly cause mischief through their neighborhood.
Entitled It's a Rumic World, the boxset contains The Obstacle Course Swim meet as well as a figure of Lum.
A two-part short bonus story was included across both volumes of the Kujibiki Unbalance manga, published 2006/7.
A second season of To-Love Ru Darkness, called To Love-Ru Darkness 2nd, aired between July and October 2015.
The show was originally licensed by ADV for $124,800 and the first volume was released on DVD in December 2006.
Nine is a baseball manga series by Mitsuru Adachi.
In North America the series ran from December 5, 2006 to October 28, 2014.
It is based on the 1993 manga "ぶっとび!
A twenty-six episode anime adaptation of the series produced by Seven Arcs aired between April and September 2006 on TV Tokyo in Japan.
In Japan, the Cobra manga has sold 40 million copies, making it one of Weekly Shōnen Jump's best-selling manga series of all time.
Direct-to-video or straight-to-video refers to the release of a film to the public immediately on home video formats rather than a theatrical release or television broadcast.
Due to the closure of Del Rey, the release has been cancelled.
The manga is published in tankōbon volumes under the KC Deluxe label; a total of nineteen volumes have been released.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from May 1997 to April 2002.
Yen Press published the series in North America.
Tsuki wa Higashi ni Hi wa Nishi ni: Operation Sanctuary, known as Hanihani for short, is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August.
There are also numerous audio albums, video games, musicals, and other media based on Hunter × Hunter.
It is a spin-off of the series Angel Tales.
The gift is a ring, the shitenrin, and those pure of heart may gaze into it and receive a moon goddess named Shaolin.
Takahashi's only protection is from a mysterious nude female superhero—the titular Kekko Kamen.
Futari no Elder was ported to the PSP with the adult content removed.
The OVA was released on DVD by Media Blasters in the United States on December 19, 2000.
It was originally serialized in Nakayoshi from 1991 to 1997; the 52 individual chapters were published in 18 tankōbon volumes.
A preview of the manga was in the November 2005 issue of Shojo Beat.
The series was discontinued after 13 volumes.
Rurouni Kenshin: Reflection has received mixed reviews upon its release.
The series ran for 26 episodes, which have been released on DVD in the USA by ADV Films, spread across six discs.
It is Yoshizumi's longest serialized manga so far, and is one of her most popular works.
In all there were 3 OVA series and a sequel anime television series.
The title translates to English as "Star of the Seine" or "The Seine's Stars."
Mobile Suit Gundam: The Origin is a manga written and illustrated by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko.
The OVA spawned a memorable soundtrack including the theme song and "Cyborg Mermaid".
Most of the vocal songs were composed by M.I.D, and the thematic background instrumentals by Katsuhisa Hattori.
The pinnacle that all Storm Riders hope to reach.
The manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen in 2005.
It has been licensed for North American publication by ADV Films under SoftCel Pictures.
The anime, while adapting material from the original novel, also adds numerous original story arcs.
It was published in 38 volumes between 1983 and 1991 by Kodansha.
is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Windmill released on October 21, 2005 for Windows PCs.
The series is based on Frances Hodgson Burnett's book, Little Lord Fauntleroy.
The character designs are intended to both parody and glorify the meganekko fetish among many anime fans.
The series has been well received for its focus on occultism and social themes, the latter which were reflected most notably in Subaru's character development.
There is also a manga based on the novels, with art by Katsumi Michihara.
The first chapter appeared in April, 2000 and it is an ongoing series.
Several audio dramas and music albums were also published.
It is currently streaming on Crunchyroll, marking the first anime from the Mahoujin Guru Guru franchise to receive an official English release.
The series was partially adapted into an experimental anime series in the 1980s and 1990s.
Sally the Witch also known as Sunny the Witch is one of the popular anime magical girls of what eventually become a genre in Japan.
Ogenki Clinic is a 1987 Seinen manga series by Haruka Inui which was originally published in Play Comic.
Parallel Trouble Adventure is a fourteen episode series created in 1999 by Masaki Kajishima and produced by AIC, both well known for the Tenchi Muyo!
Four video games have been released for the Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita.
It was published by Shogakukan in 1980–1981 in the magazine Shōjo Comic and collected in five tankōbon volumes.
And, most importantly, Nagaishi has taken the time to develop a group of characters who are actually very likable."
It also received two anime film adaptations, and a four-part, unfinished anime OVA.
Arion was a manga series written and illustrated by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko, published in Tokuma Shoten's Monthly Comic Ryū from March 1979 to September 1984.
A four-episode OVA series called Kimi ga Nozomu Eien: Next Season was released between December 2007 and December 2008.
is an independently produced original video animation by Akitaro Daichi.
This series helped establish Akatsuka's reputation as a gag comic artist, long before his other popular manga, Tensai Bakabon, was released.
This is the first ever DVD release in the US.
The films were also licensed by Viz in North America and by 4Digital Media in the United Kingdom.
Hoshin Engi, also known as Soul Hunter, is a Japanese manga series by Ryu Fujisaki.
The second category is "real robot", wherein the robots used are explainable by real world physics.
Publications for manga, anime and other media have compared the series to Star Wars and Barbarella, and the main character's attitude to James Bond.
Historical period drama is a film genre in which stories are based on historical events and famous persons.
Majokko Megu-chan is a popular magical girl anime series.
Fish in the Trap is a three-volume Japanese yaoi manga that follows the relationship between a high school swim team captain and his young admirer.
In July 2013 Voyager Japan announced the manga would be released digitally in English via the Amazon Kindle e-book service.
Muv-Luv is a Japanese visual novel developed by âge and originally released as an adult game for the PC on February 28, 2003.
In 2003, the manga won the 27th Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo.
Twin Spica is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kou Yaginuma.
In 2016 a final installment was published in the April edition of Kiss.
The specification is licensed under a Creative Commons license.
The Familiar of Zero is a fantasy and comedy-oriented series of Japanese light novels written by Noboru Yamaguchi, with illustrations by Eiji Usatsuka.
The compiled episodes were released on DVD and Universal Media Discs by Starchild Records, and an English-language version was produced by ADV Films.
In July 2007, the license was acquired by Funimation, who released a boxset of the television series in February 2009.
The series depicts the lives and relationships of a group of art school students who live in the same apartment building.
Between 2005 and 2006, the series was reproduced and compiled into a movie trilogy, Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam: A New Translation.
It roughly covers most of the material found in volumes 1 and 3 of the manga.
The series has been adapted into an original video animation by Sunrise and was featured at Jump Festa 2006 Anime Tour in 2005.
In 2016 a final installment was published in the April edition of Kiss.
The plot starts much like the first volume of the manga, but differs later, and the ending is quite different from the OVA and manga.
The story was a romantic comedy taking place in historical China, and it was quite risqué for its time.
A total of 26 chapters were collected in five tankōbon and released between 1997 and 2001.
By 1956, it had prompted the establishment of more than five thousand Mr. Wizard science clubs, with an estimated membership greater than one hundred thousand."
Both have same characters, but with somewhat different storylines.
Piccolino no Bōken is a 52 episode anime series by Nippon Animation first aired in 1976.
These include other exorcists like "itako-girl" Izuna Hazuki and crooked Buddhist priest Oshō, normal recurring characters, and even the parents of the 5-3 students!
The story is centered on the prefecture of Gunma, more specifically on several mountains in the Kantō region and in their surrounding cities and towns.
An anime movie based on the manga was released in Japan in April 20, 1996.
Terasawa devised it as a mix of spaghetti western and samurai stories, and aspects of films, varying from James Bond to Disney.
One Piece has received praise for its art, characterization and humor.
Enoki Films holds the United States anime license under the name Jester the Adventurer.
It was published by Shueisha in the magazine Ribon from May 1992 to October 1995 and collected in eight tankōbon volumes.
Ballad of a Shinigami, subtitled momo: the god girl of death, is a Japanese light novel series written by K-Ske Hasegawa, with illustrations by Nanakusa.
The series was released in Japan from 1997-1999.
Maple Colors is a Japanese erotic visual novel and adventure game developed by Apricot and published by CrossNet, released on July 25, 2003 for Windows.
Focusing on the relationship between Iason and Riki, Ai no Kusabi also explores issues of caste systems and social exclusion.
On April 1, 2009, it was announced that CBS had canceled Guiding Light, after a 72-year run, due to low ratings.
Studio Pierrot produced the series from 2004 to 2012, consisting of 366 episodes.
The series was licensed for North America by Geneon Entertainment, but after the closure of Geneon, its DVD releases went out of print.
Publications for manga, anime and other media have compared the series to Star Wars and Barbarella, and the main character's attitude to James Bond.
Takara Tomy developed the Beyblade toy line.
Di Gi Charat is a Japanese manga and anime series created by Koge-Donbo.
Karate Bu, Shin Captain Tsubasa, and U-Jin Brand.
It was published by Kodansha in Magazine Z between 1999 and 2003.
Taku Iwasaki is a Japanese composer and arranger.
This is evident in the opening song, "dis–", performed by bilingual Japanese-American singer Mika Arisaka.
The film premiered in theaters in Japan on November 18, 2000.
The three games were later republished as a single DVD title on 14 June 2002.
An English dub produced by Leephy Studios aired on SABC and Japan Entertainment Television, and has been legally available on Youtube since 2016.
The animated series is released in North America by ADV Films under their SoftCel Pictures label.
The series was partially adapted into an experimental anime series in the 1980s and 1990s.
Along his journey, Goku makes several friends and battles a wide variety of villains, many of whom also seek the Dragon Balls.
Infinite RYVIUS is a 26 episode drama/sci-fi series produced by Sunrise.
The first volume containing two 30-minute episodes was released in Japan on May 23, 1991.
Visual 80, and both were based on the original short story written by Osamu Dazai in 1940.
Namco has given Tales of the Abyss the characteristic genre name To Know the Meaning of One's Birth RPG.
Buddha received the 2004 and 2005 Eisner Award.
The original series, movie, and Leave it to Piyoko!
Red Garden was licensed for release in English by ADV Films for $660,000 and the first DVD was released on September 18, 2007.
Shakugan no Shana, also known simply as Shana, is a Japanese light novel series written by Yashichiro Takahashi with illustrations by Noizi Ito.
Chobits branches off as a crossover into many other stories in different ways, such as Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle, xxxHolic and Kobato.
The chapters of You're Under Arrest have been collected in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
A television series was produced by Mushi Production, which aired on Japan's Fuji Television from 1967 to 1968.
She is tasked with retrieving those cards in order to avoid an unknown catastrophe from befalling the world.
In 2006, series writer Takeshi Shudo expressed interest in making a third Momo anime series.
Shakugan no Shana, also known simply as Shana, is a Japanese light novel series written by Yashichiro Takahashi with illustrations by Noizi Ito.
The third season of the series was aired as Nippon Television's 55th Anniversary Program in 2008.
It was later adapted into an anime series on October 13, 1994.
Targeted at otaku, it attempted to teach English words using examples drawn from computer games and anime.
The first two seasons aired on the United States Cartoon Network as part of the Toonami block, while the third season was only featured on DVD.
The series received critical acclaim and was subsequently translated, released on the DVD and aired in several other countries, including the United States.
The manga was adapted into a film by Eiken and released in theaters on 1981-07-18.
Ushio and Tora is a supernatural manga by Kazuhiro Fujita.
1 is a Japanese manga series by Chikako Urano.
The story centers on Hakufu Sonsaku, a fighter who transfers to Nanyo Academy, one of the seven schools involved in the turf war.
In 2016 a final installment was published in the April edition of Kiss.
Both Gravion and Gravion Zwei were created and directed by Masami Ōbari with mecha designs from Kunio Okawara.
It was licensed for regional release in several other countries instead of the original Japanese series.
Sentai Filmworks has since licensed both anime seasons and the Rei OVAs.
Caramel Box went on to produce two fan discs released in 2005 and 2007 in Caramel Box Yarukibako and Caramel Box Yarukibako 2, respectively.
Tramps Like Us is a Japanese josei manga series by Yayoi Ogawa.
At Anime Boston 2007, ADV Films had announced they licensed for the show.
The first volume of the manga was licensed and released by A.D.
It is considered a classic by anime and manga critics, and has been influential in anime industry.
Black Jack is Tezuka's third most famous manga, after Astro Boy and Kimba the White Lion.
A second season of To-Love Ru Darkness, called To Love-Ru Darkness 2nd, aired between July and October 2015.
The film revolves around the Straw Hat Pirates battling against Zephyr, considered to be the most powerful enemy they've faced yet.
Funimation published the first and second anime seasons and the Extra Class OVAs in English.
: Heavy Metal, Dark Fantasy is a manga by Kazushi Hagiwara.
At the publisher's request, the anime series follows a different storyline from the manga; Rikdo was pleased with the adaptation.
The anime series won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize in 1981.
Character and mechanical designs are provided by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko and Hajime Katoki, respectively.
Wild Life is a Japanese manga series by Masato Fujisaki about a high school juvenile delinquent, Tesshō Iwashiro, working to become a veterinarian.
An anime adaptation, also titled Beyblade and spanning 51 episodes, aired in Japan on TV Tokyo from January 8, 2001 to December 24, 2001.
The story has been adapted into two original video animations released by Toei Video, a subsidiary of the Toei Company.
Café Kichijouji de is a manga written by Yuki Miyamoto and illustrated by Kyoko Negishi.
To Heart 2, stylized as ToHeart2, is a Japanese romance visual novel developed by Leaf and published by Aquaplus.
D.Gray-man is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Katsura Hoshino.
It was adapted into a two episode anime OVA series in 1993.
Seraphim Call may be considered avant-garde in several respects.
The series has been praised for its calm pacing, optimistic worldview, beautiful art, and, for the anime, the quality of the soundtrack.
Beginning in 1999, the novels were adapted into anime series, the first of which ran for 13 episodes on WOWOW.
In 1995, the manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.
Production of the series was suspended several times because of Hoshino's health.
Sonic X received mixed reviews from critics.
Tokyo Love Story was adapted as a Japanese television drama in 1991.
An anime adaptation aired in Japan between October and December 2007 on TV Aichi, and was also broadcast on other networks as well.
This lasted from series 1 until series 13 when it was cancelled by ITV in January 2017.
The series premiered in Japan on April 6, 2006 on TV Tokyo and also later aired on BS Japan and AT-X.
A second series was produced in 2005.
The character designer and animation director for the series was Kumiko Takahashi.
Reviewers were dismayed by the lack of storyline closure at the end of the television episodes and even its OVA extension.
Furthermore, there is a sequel to the spin off with Izuna titled Reibai Izuna: Ascension started in 2011 and onward.
Inoue later used basketball as a central theme in two subsequent manga titles: Buzzer Beater and Real.
They are not usually very graphic, abiding by the Japanese legal restriction on not showing genitals.
An anime film adaptation by Polygon Pictures was released as a Netflix original in May 2017.
The anime was licensed and released by Geneon Entertainment, also beginning in 2005, however, it is now licensed by Discotek Media.
The series was adapted as a theatrical film and two educational films.
Beginning in 1999, Nippon Animation produced a 62-episode anime television series based on Hunter × Hunter.
A new anime television series adaptation, titled The Kindaichi Case Files R, began airing on April 5, 2014 and concluded on September 27, 2014.
An English adaptation of the first manga was serialized in Raijin Comics under the English title Guardian Angel Getten.
The individual chapters were collected by Shueisha and released in twenty-one tankōbon volumes.
It is based on Japanese shōjo manga series Boys Over Flowers written by Yoko Kamio.
Like the previous ones, it was created by Satoru Akahori.
It is indicated several times in the show that the souls are only used to create crystals.
The 70-episode Cardcaptor Sakura Japanese anime television series is based on the manga series written and illustrated by the manga artist group Clamp.
A two-episode OVA was released in 1994, chronicling his exploits in the first volume of the manga.
This story was an early 20th-century Japanese folk tale performed on kamishibai.
The first OVA series was directed by Satoshi Saga and released in eight episodes among four volumes from January 17 to April 17, 2002.
The series was especially popular preceding Doraemon.
The cases all last a maximum of three days, with the judge determining the outcome based on evidence presented by the defense attorney and the prosecutor.
It is closely related to the anime Love Love?
As of 2014, the entire anime series is currently available on North American DVD.
The series follows a newlywed couple in their mid-twenties, both virgins when they married, and chronicles their sexual explorations.
Death Note aired in Japan on the Nippon Television network every Tuesday, from October 3, 2006, to June 26, 2007.
The Anime Network is streaming the series in English, German, and French.
The series has 24 episodes which comprises a complete storyline.
