Congorhynchus is a genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish that was described by E. Darteville and E. Casier in 1949.
Euproops is an extinct genus of xiphosuran, related to the modern horseshoe crab.
Terraconia is a genus of very small freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
Preserved specimens measure 7.1–8.3 mm in length.
It was first authenticated and described by Erpenbeck et al.
This is an encrusting sponge with an extraordinary appearance.
The gut is a dark central zone.
Clathrina clathrus is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Clathrinidae.
Halityle regularis is a species of sea stars in the family Orestieridae.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being "vulnerable".
Colonies commonly encrust hard substrates such as rocks, shells and carbonate hardgrounds.
The tentacles are translucent, long and thin and most species also have sweeper tentacles armed with cnidocytes.
It is known by several common names, including anchor coral, sausage coral, hammer coral, ridge coral, and bubble honeycomb coral.
Tripneustes ventricosus, commonly called the West Indian sea egg or white sea urchin, is a species of sea urchin.
Greenops' average size is about 1 to 1.5 inches.
Adult Paracatenula lack a mouth and a gut and are associated with intracellular symbiotic alphaproteobacteria of the genus Cand.
Abatus cordatus was first scientifically described in 1876 by Verrill.
It is not common and found over a large area and is classified under CITES Appendix II.
Neoferdina is a genus of starfish in the family Goniasteridae.
Castanotherium Pocock, 1895 – 50 species, Indonesian Islands, Philippines
The term was originally used by James Dwight Dana to refer to Xiphosura only, but was emended by Henry Woodward to cover both groups.
The principal species causing diphyllobothriosis is Diphyllobothrium latum, known as the broad or fish tapeworm, or broad fish tapeworm.
Formerly, they were treated as a subclass in the paraphyletic "Adenophorea" assemblage, which has been by and large abandoned by modern authors.
Reproduction takes place within one to two weeks, after which the parasite dies.
Their affinity is unknown; they have been placed among worms and corals.
Althaspis is an extinct genus of pteraspidid heterostracan agnathan.
Courtessolium is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now France.
Earthworms are hermaphrodites–each individual carries both male and female sex organs.
Inanidrilus scalprum is a species of annelid worm.
They are native to the Red Sea, the Indo-Pacific region and some parts of the Central Pacific Ocean.
Geodiidae is a family of sea sponges.
These are marine animals found attached to the seabed or some other surface.
G. clarki is estimated to have reached 6 meters in length.
Aspidorhynchus was a slender, fast-swimming fish, 60 centimetres long, with tooth-lined, elongated jaws.
Plourdosteus is an extinct genus of placoderm, which was relatively widespread in Euramerica during the Givetian to Frasnian ages of the Devonian.
It lives primarily on toothed wrack and bladder wrack, but is also found on the basal part of thongweed.
Sycanthidae is a family of the order Leucosolenida.
Its dorsal fin was huge in comparison with living species.
Late Cambrian Tanycamerocers is similar in being long and narrow and having a small marginal siphuncle, but is straight.
Tetradonematidae is a family of nematodes, most being endoparasites of arthropods.
Milnesium longiungue is a species of Eutardigrades in the family Milnesiidae.
Acropora horrida is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by James Dwight Dana in 1846.
It is native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
The animal shows only its tentacles to feed, usually at night time.
It contains the species Acanthotheelia spinosa, Acanthotheelia spiniperjorata, and Acanthotheelia anisica.
Its fossils have been found in Craven Peak Beds, Australia.
Monandrocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
It was described from the Valcour Formation.
Lamellodiscus is a genus of monopisthocotylean Monogeneans, belonging in the family Diplectanidae; all species of Lamellodiscus are small worms, parasitic on the gills of teleost fish.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Enniskillenus is a genus of prehistoric fish from the Eocene.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Runcinodiscus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Aeshna is a genus of dragonflies from the family Aeshnidae.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
It lives in the open on leaf litter.
D. dipsaci enters through stomata or plant wounds and creates galls or malformations in plant growth.
Placospongia is a genus of sea sponge belonging to the family Placospongiidae.
Acrocephalella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Acabaria is a genus of corals in the family Melithaeidae.
Eudendrium balei is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid in the family Eudendriidae.
Orobdella masaakikuroiwai is a species of proboscisless leech from Japan.
Camouflage ranges from bands and stripes to splotches, speckles, and circles, and can change as the creature matures, with juveniles sometimes being brighter than adults.
Pelonaia villosa Sars, 1859: synonym of Pelonaia corrugata Goodsir & Forbes, 1841
Recurva is a genus of freshwater and free-living triclad platyhelminth that belongs to the Dugesiidae family.
Emplectonema neesii is a species of ribbon worm in the phylum Nemertea.
The first intermediate host is a freshwater snail Indoplanorbis exustus that may be the sole natural intermediate host for Schistosoma spindale on the Indian sub-continent.
The anterior part of the body is moderately inflated, with a prominent mouth circlet.
The body of Hrabea is 7–8 centimetres long, and consists of 146–183 segments.
Dictyaster is a small genus of starfish in the family Echinasteridae in the order Spinulosida.
H. columbus infects such crops as cotton, soybean, and corn.
It also contains the species, Encrinuroides enshiensis, Encrinuroides insularis, and Encrinuroides rarus.
Bollmania is a genus of millipedes with around six species occurring from Central through East Asia, including Iran, Pakistan, Tajikistan, and China.
It contains around 100 genera distributed in North and South America, the eastern Mediterranean, continental Africa, Madagascar, and Seychelles.
Instead, there is a spiral food groove on the outside along which food was moved to a mouth that is thought to be on the side.
Lubomirskia baicalensis is a freshwater demosponge that is found on hard bottoms at depths between 1 and 120 m in Lake Baikal, Russia.
It is not a blood-sucking leech but is a predator on other invertebrates.
There are about nineteen recognised species and the type species is Epiactis prolifera.
Proturentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Protentomidae.
They have dome-shaped bells and tentacles set above the undulating margin of the bell.
The International Institute for Species Exploration included it in a list of Top Ten New Species in 2011.
Haliclystus auricula is a stalked jellyfish found in the Northern hemisphere.
Pectinaria australis is one of at least ten species of polychaete worms of the family Pectinariidae.
They build tubes out of parchment, sand, and bits of shell.
Their body is grey with a contrasting white head.
1957, Tunesites from the Mantelliceratinae and Kamarunoceras and Pseuaspidoceras from the Mammitinae, ibid.
It lived during the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period, approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
Other corals do not rely on zooxanthellae and can live in much deeper water, with the cold-water genus Lophelia surviving as deep as 3,000 metres.
Chloeia is a genus of marine worm which belongs to the Polychaeta worms.
Alkenopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.
Dendyidae is a family of Clathrinida sponges, which contains thirteen species in two genera.
Athyridida is an order of Paleozoic brachiopods included in the Rhynchonellata, which makes up part of the articulate brachiopods.
In the vertebrate, the worms enter the plerocercoid stage.
The holotype was found in the Yuanshan member of the Qiongzhusi Formation in the Eoredlichia Zone near Haikou at Ercaicun, Kunming City, Yunnan, China.
Ernstia quadriradiata is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Ernstia from Brazil.
Whereas Pacific Northwest Gonionemus vertens lacks a sting felt by people, the same species in the Russian Far East is known to be venomous.
Aporocidaris antarctica is a species of sea urchin of the family Ctenocidaridae.
Leptasterias is a genus of starfish in the family Asteriidae.
Its body length varies in size from 2.5 to 3.0 inches.
Yunnanaspis is an extinct genus of redlichiid trilobite of what is now China.
It was named by E. Tomczykowa in 1974, and the type species is Acastopyge shergoldi.
Microphallus turgidus is commonly found in the abdominal muscles of grass shrimp.
Pheretima worms are administered as a medicine in China.
These soft corals are found in shallow tropical and temperate seas.
This species belongs to the Perionyx genus.
A few cases of human infestation have also been reported.
Pterygodermatites ondatrae is a species of parasitic nematode in the genus Pterygodermatites.
The species name comes from an Aboriginal word, Koorine, meaning "daughter", due to the similarity of the Australian species to the European species of S. clavata.
Taenia hydatigena is one of the adult forms of the canine and feline tapeworm.
Lannacus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It has been found off New Caledonia, in the South Pacific Ocean.
It is native to Europe, and it is a widespread introduced species, occurring on every continent except Antarctica, as well as many islands.
Orstomisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
The Holmiidae is a diverse family of eight genera containing at least 17 species.
With only six described species, the Siphonocryptida is the second smallest millipede order, surpassed only by Siphoniulida, with two species.
Further studies have shown that it can be conspecific with Patiriella brevispina.
Baerietta japonica is a tapeworm of frogs in Japan.
It occurs in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
Arthuria is a genus of calcareous sponge in the family Clathrinidae.
This seals the opening of the shell and serves to protect the worm from predators and desiccation when out of water.
Lancelets serve as an intriguing comparison point for tracing how vertebrates have evolved and adapted.
Aphelenchoides fragariae or Strawberry Crimp Nematode is a plant pathogenic nematode.
W. typicallis is known from the smaller specimen, and W. magister is known from the larger specimen.
The largest, such as Jaekelopterus, reached 2.5 metres in length, but most species were less than 20 centimetres.
Periechocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoids belonging to the order Monobathrida, family Periechecrinidae.
Aulopopsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Eocene.
Eophycis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
All three species exhibit a direct life cycle involving the release of eggs into the soil and the subsequent re-ingestion of them in food.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Also, according to Flower there are no endocones in this fossil, eliminating it from the Endocerida.
Like other corals of the genus Acropora, it is susceptible to coral bleaching and coral diseases and the IUCN has listed it as being "Near Threatened".
Hirudo is a genus of leeches of the family Hirudinidae.
Schizaster is a genus of heart urchins belonging to the family Schizasteridae.
Amplexidiscus fenestrafer, also known as the elephant ear anemone, is a species of coral belonging to the phylum Cnidaria.
Chaetodiadema tuberculatum is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
The Ptychodacteae are a suborder of sea anemones in the order Actiniaria, with these families:
It is a parasite, living in the gills of Short-tailed river stingrays.
It is parasite of the frog Rana nigromaculata.
On both ends of laid eggs, the filaments are enveloped by a gel-like matrix intertwined with large cytoskeletal biopolymers of possible holocrine origin.
Plagiochasma olfersii; Hauterivian, Early Cretaceous of France and Switzerland
A. columbae may also migrate through the liver.
It was described by Warburg in 1925, and the type species is Josephulus gracilis.
Pseudorhabdosynochus is a genus of monopisthocotylean Monogenean, included in the family Diplectanidae.The type-species of the genus is Pseudorhabdosynochus epinepheli.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
It is a commonly recognized inhabitant of the deep sea, due to the clearly articulated skeletons of the species.
Related genera include Cariothyris and Planalvus along with Athyris.
One such disease is a skin infection with Spirurida larvae, called "creeping disease".
Nymphon leptocheles is a species of sea spider first described by Georg Ossian Sars in 1888.
Condylactis aurantiaca, common name golden anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.
Acanthastrea maxima - Sheppard & Salm, 1988
The fossils of this species are found only in the middle Ordovician deposits of the Volkhov River region near Saint Petersburg, Russia.
Because of this, H. viridissima are generally less predacious than aposymbiotic hydra species.
Xilingxia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
They are known to be creatures with remarkable regenerative abilities, and capable of defensive autotomy against predators.
Gorgonocephalus arcticus is a species of basket star in the class Ophiuroidea.
The species feed on both living and dead organic material.
Eunicella is a genus of coral in the family Gorgoniidae family.
Scelio is a large genus, the largest within the family Scelionidae, of parasitic wasp whose known target host include the eggs of grasshoppers.
It is commonly known as the feather duster worm, feather duster or fan worm.
Pseudorhabdosynochus bunkleywilliamsae is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of the Nassau grouper, Epinephelus striatus.
The species is usually found in deep woodland litter and garden soils that are rich in organic matter in European countries.
It is a dangerous parasite to humans, and its infection can be life-threatening.
But in case of humans the worms are attached on the wall of the caecum.
A characteristic of the genus includes one uniserial stipe with very elaborate thecae.
Polymastia lorum is a species of demosponges belonging to the family Polymastiidae.
Acanthodes is an extinct genus of spiny shark.
It was described by D. G. McKnight.
Living in these aggregations are over a hundred different species of animals, many of which are found only at these depths.
It existed during the Carboniferous in what is now Illinois.
An earlier name for this genus was Gasterostomum, given by von Siebold in 1848 to all adult trematodes with a ventral mouth.
Negombata magnifica lives on shallow coral reefs in the northern waters of the Red Sea .
It appears to be endemic to the west coast of South Africa and has been found in 12m of water.
Acanthobothrium dasi is a species of parasitic onchobothriid tapeworms first found in the whiptail stingray, Dasyatis brevis, in the Gulf of California.
Inanidrilus falcifer is a species of annelid worm.
Fossils have been found in Canada, the Czech Republic, France, Morocco, Portugal, Spain, the United Kingdom, and Venezuela.
The ridges are usually brown with a single groove, and the valleys may be tan, green, or white and are uniform in width, typically 2 centimetres.
Sandfish are harvested and processed into "beche-de-mer" and eaten in China and other Pacific coastal communities.
Procyliosoma tuberculatum can grow up to 5 centimetres long and 2.5 centimetres wide.
Charitosomus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
It is not common and has a small range, and is listed under CITES Appendix II.
Trachysphaera species are patchily distributed throughout Europe and western Asia, extending from Spain to Caucasia.
Sea pens are grouped with the octocorals, together with sea whips or gorgonians.
Its maximal diameter is 30 cm for ten arms maximum.
It was formerly treated as the only genus in the family Gordiidae, but the genus Acutogordius is now usually included there.
The trilobite Eldredgeia venusta, from Bolivia, is the most common South American trilobite on today's fossil market, and even then it is not all that common.
Humans are an accidental host who occasionally get infected by ingesting infected poultry or insects.
Astroboa nuda is a basket star from Gorgonocephalidae family.
Cydrocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoids.
The species is named in honour of Ettienne Fourie.
Eudendrium antarcticum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid in the family Eudendriidae.
It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Leptogorgia is a genus of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae.
Composita is a brachiopod genus that lived from the Late Devonian to the Late Permian.
Baseodiscus mexicanus is a species of proboscis worm in the family Valenciniidae.
It can cause painful stings to unwary divers.
S. stercoralis has been reported in other mammals, including cats and dogs.
It was 2–3 centimetres long and bivalved.
Brisaster kerguelenensis was first scientifically described in 1917 by Hubert Lyman Clark.
It forms a bushy clump and is commonly known as thin birdsnest coral.
They can be best distinguished from the other springtail groups by their body shape.
Abatus ingens was first scientifically described in 1926 by Koehler.
Ptilometra australis, the passion flower feather star, is a species of crinoid.
It is a hermaphrodite worm having both the male and female reproductive organs in its body.
B. nuricus is known from one or two specimens from Emsian strata in the Qaranghandy Region in Kazakhstan, and named for the Nura River.
The genus Mimobdella was also sometimes included within Erpobdellidae or Gastrostomobdellidae but is now accepted to be under the family Salifidae.
Astriclypeus manni was first scientifically described in 1867 by Verrill.
The nuclei of the hypodermis are fragmented and the males have two to seven cement glands, unlike their relatives the Archiacanthocephala which always have eight.
Montlivaltiidae is a family of stony corals.
It is a short millipede, rounded in cross-section, which is capable of rolling itself up into a ball when disturbed.
Thelenota is a genus of sea cucumber, in the Stichopodidae familia
Ophidiaster granifer, the grained seastar, is a species of starfish in the family Ophidiasteridae.
The sinuous sea fan, Eunicella tricoronata, is a species of gorgonian sea fan in the family Gorgoniidae.
Aspidopleres is an African genus of centipedes belonging to the family Oryidae.
It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Bonellia viridis, the green spoonworm, is a marine worm noted for displaying exceptional sexual dimorphism and for the biocidal properties of a pigment in its skin.
Starfish have tube feet operated by a hydraulic system and a mouth at the centre of the oral or lower surface.
Subclass Rhabditia is mostly composed of parasitic nematodes, though there are some free-living species as well.
Milananguilla is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
Many sea-stars broadcast spawn their embryos, where fertilization occurs in the water column, however Leptasterias species brood their embryos locally.
The pygidium ends in downward pointing toothlike spines.
These tabulate corals lived from Ordovician to Silurian.
The cephalon has a high profile and recurved genal spines.
Closer inspection showed me that they were indeed alive, unlikely though it seemed.
Almost complete fossils belong to juvenile and adult specimens and show a short and broad skull, posteriorly concave.
It is the earliest known member of the Arthropleuridea, and the oldest known terrestrial animal of North America.
Unlike marine sponges, freshwater sponges are exposed to far more adverse and variable environmental conditions, so they have developed gemmules as a means of dormancy.
It typically is up to 40 cm in diameter, but can exceptionally reach 90 cm, making it the largest jellyfish in British waters.
These nektobenthic carnivores lived in the Middle Silurian, from 436.0 to 426.2 Ma.
Pomatoceros triqueter is a species of tube-building annelid worm in the class Polychaeta.
Guancha arnesenae is a species of calcareous sponge from Norway.
The Symphypleona are very round animals, almost spherical, and usually have long antennae.
Pinheyschna is the scientific name of a genus of dragonflies from the family Aeshnidae.
Gracianella is a genus of fossil brachiopods.
They are the type genus of the Monochamini, a tribe in the huge long-horned beetle subfamily Lamiinae, but typically included in the Lamiini today.
It also contains the species Digonus accraensis and Digonus noticus, Digonus vialai, and Digonus zemmourensis.
I", is known from clapper rails and marsh rice rats in the eastern United States.
Milnesiidae is a family of tardigrades of the class Eutardigrada.
Poritidae is a family of stony corals.
Members of this lineage have numerous gill slits, and have separate sexes.
The species Pontoscolex corethrurus has a circumtropical distribution.
It has been observed in the muscles of the dagger-tooth pike conger Muraenesox cinereus, a muraenesocid marine fish off Japan.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
Aistagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now Xinjiang, China.
Symphysops is a genus of trilobites of average size, belonging to the Cyclopygidae family.
Flexicalymene is a genus of trilobites of the order Phacopida, suborder Calymenina.
They number about one dozen genera and somewhat over 100 species, and are parasites of amniotes, chiefly birds and mammals.
It is a relatively harmless species among intestinal cestodes in spite of a high prevalence.
Its lives in three hosts: shorebirds, horn snails, and killifish.
A recently found species has smaller eyes, with fewer files and fewer lenses per file than E. erbeni.
The Stylonurina were a group of large eurypterids living from the Late Ordovician to the Late Permian periods.
Strongyloides ardeae is a parasitic roundworm infecting the small intestine of yellow-crowned night heron, Nyctanassa violacea, and eastern green heron, Butorides virescens.
The species are unusual within the Pachybolidae in being boldly colored with red bands or spots on a blackish background color.
Diadema savignyi is a species of long-spined sea urchin belonging to the family Diadematidae.
Platycrinites are an extinct genus of Paleozoic stalked crinoids belonging to the family Platycrinitidae.
Acaroceratidae is family of Upper Cambrian nautiloid cephalopods included in the Ellesmerocerida that contains two known genera, Acaroceras and Weishanuceras, both found in northern China.
It occurs in the littoral and sub-littoral zones of the Atlantic Ocean.
Both the glabellar spine and the backward directed genal spines are subquadrate in section.
They are characterised by a finger-like morphology.
Muricellisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family,containing two species:
Both of these are hardly present in other orders of the class.
It is native to deep water in the North Atlantic Ocean.
The predatory fishes avoid I. strobilina, for reasons discussed below.
It is entirely reliant on internal, sulfide-oxidizing bacterial symbionts for its nutrition.
Tubastraea coccinea is heterotrophic and does not contain zooxanthellae in its tissues as most corals do.
Elaeophora is also a synonym for the plant genus Plukenetia.
Its fossils are found in Arenig-aged marine strata from the Nora Formation, in the Georgina Basin, situated between the Northern Territory and Queensland, Australia.
These deep sea marine species survive in environments like hydrothermal vents.
Females are incubatoral mothers, guarding the eggs by wrapping their body around the clutch until it hatches.
The anemone is often seen in bright orange to red.
Paraorlovia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The Palaeospongillidae family of extinct sponges has three genera and three species:
Kutorgina has a concavo-convex shell with the smaller brachial valve dished in and the larger pedical valve broadly arched.
Transversotrema manteri is a species of parasitic flatworms found in caesionines on Lizard Island and Ningaloo Reef.
Octineon is the sole genus of sea anemones in the monogeneric family Octineonidae.
Heterodrilus rarus is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm, first found in Belize, on the Caribbean side of Central America.
Pseudichangia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
This tube worm can reach lengths of over 3 m, and grows very slowly, and its longevity is over 250 years.
They are parasitic on plants and are responsible for root lesion disease on many taxa of host plants in temperate regions around the world.
Dugesia japonica is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits the freshwater bodies of East Asia.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
They are regarded as similar to the archetypal vertebrate form.
Once fertilised, it will take 9-10 weeks for them to grow from larve.
This long trailing tentacle is thought to facilitate prey capture.
S. voluntariorum is more densely papillated on its anterior segments and has a long subdistal spine on the ventral simple chaetae.
Heterorhabditis nematodes are hosts for the Photorhabdus bacterial symbiont.
Mazonova is an oogenus of fossilized eggs from the Mazon Creek area in the Pennsylvanian of Illinois.
Its fossils have been found in Europe, Africa, North America, Asia and South America.
Wallago attu is a freshwater catfish of Siluridae family, native to South and Southeast Asia.
Merlinia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
They live buried in the sand where they create a tube-like structure.
Guancha camura is a species of calcareous sponge from Norway.
It occurs in tropical shallow reefs in a variety of reef habitats, at depths of 1 to 15 metres.
These relatively large dragonflies are also known as hawkers.
In life, they are thought to be benthic animals that lived most of their lives mostly buried in the sediment of a series of hypersaline lagoons.
Diplogastridae, formerly Diplogasteridae, are a family of nematodes known from a wide range of habitats, often in commensal or parasitic associations with insects.
An affected crop field may have patches of withered plants.
Dayongia is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now China.
This infection has a worldwide geographic distribution.
The oldest specimens are flat, have "short deformed septa" and no fossula, but do have a theca between the basal septa.
Adastocephalum is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now New South Wales, Australia.
E. Newton Harvey had noted the unusual yellow bioluminescence occurring from the parapodia.
Aaptos is a genus of sea sponge.
Cucumaria echinata is found in the Indo-Pacific from the Red Sea and Bay of Bengal to China and Japan.
Hoplolaimus galeatus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
A sail on the float, which may be left or right-handed, propels Physalia about the sea, often in groups.
Paramphistomum cervi, the type species of genus Paramphistomum, is a parasitic flat worm belonging to the class Trematoda.
Among the several Meloidogyne species that have been characterized, M. arenaria is the most variable both morphologically and cytologically.
Alatina alata is a Pacific and Atlantic Ocean species of box jellyfish, often referred to as a sea wasp.
Kosmoceratidae are probably the most polymorphic groups of Jurassic ammonites.
The nematodes can also infect humans and cause the disease called mammomonogamiasis.
The common name is the northern hookworm of dogs.
Polyxenus fasciculatus is a species of polyxenid millipede about 2 millimetres long which is notable for its use of detachable bristles which entangle predatory ants.
The medusa has a dome-shaped bell with thin sides.
It is unknown what kind of animal laid the eggs.
It is currently placed in the family Nevadiidae, though this may change with further study.
Polychaetes, or marine bristle worms, have elongated bodies divided into many segments.
Favosites is an extinct genus of tabulate coral characterized by polygonal closely packed corallites.
Ichthyosaurus integer Bronn 1844 was by Maisch renamed Suevoleviathan integer.
It is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean, the North Sea and the Mediterranean Sea.
The Megascolecidae are a large family of earthworms which has native representatives in Australia, New Zealand, both Southeast and East Asia, and North America.
It is found in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean and adjoining seas to a depth of 1,000 metres.
It is very similar to other species such as Cylindroiulus londinensis, from which it can be reliably distinguished only by studying the shape of the telson.
Siphonia is a genus of extinct hallirhoid demosponges of the Upper Cretaceous, from about 125 to 66 million years ago.
It is the best known arandaspid with many specimens.
Megalaspides is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Chondrocladia is a genus of carnivorous demosponges of the family Cladorhizidae of mycalinan Poecilosclerida.
The jet black animal is easy to spot on light backgrounds and gathers in great numbers on surfaces during the melt season.
Lomsucaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Brugia pahangi is a parasitic roundworm belonging to the genus Brugia.
Corynactis annulata, the strawberry anemone, is a bright pink colonial anthozoan similar in body form to sea anemones and scleractinian stony corals.
Most animals called "worms" are invertebrates, but the term is also used for the amphibian caecilians and the slowworm Anguis, a legless burrowing lizard.
Spirorbis borealis is a sedentary marine polychaete worm in the Serpulidae family.
It occurs in shallow reefs, from depths of 5–15 m. It is particularly susceptible to coral bleaching, disease and reduction of coral reef habitats.
They are parasites of humans and other mammals.
Sinocallipus is the sole taxon of the callipodidan suborder Sinocallipodidea, and thought to be the most primitive and sister group to all other callipodidans.
The Spatangidae are a family of heart urchins.
Analysis of the skeleton of Coelosimilia does not seem to support development from aragonitic compounds.
They are responsible for a serious disease called paramphistomiasis, especially in cattle and sheep.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Mellita quinquiesperforata is a tropical species of sand dollar, a flat, round marine animal related to sea urchins, starfish, and other echinoderms.
Pseudopunctae oriented similarly to Anticalyptraea occur in Cornulites and thick-walled tentaculitids.
Polyzoa lennoxensis Michaelsen, 1900: synonym of Polyzoa opuntia Lesson, 1830
Five ambulacra radiated outwards from the mouth across the upper surface, but did not extend onto the flat underside.
It has also been found in 15% of a sample of the marsh rice rat from a salt marsh at Cedar Key, Florida.
Girty in 1909, and the type species is Cystothalamia nodulifera.
It favours areas with high amounts of sedimentation.
Araeosoma belli is a species of sea urchin of the family Echinothuriidae.
It is found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.
During the Ordovician, the region that is now Eastern Europe was a shallow inland sea.
Actinia bermudensis, the red, maroon or stinging anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.
Myxillina is a suborder of poecilosclerid sponges.
Hibbertopterus is a genus of giant sea scorpion that inhabited the swamps of Scotland during the Carboniferous.
Antedon is a genus of free-swimming, stemless crinoids.
As with all earthworms, development of young is without a larval stage and takes place in cocoons.
Coelosimilia is known from several specimens collected from carbonate Maastrichtian deposits located in the modern-day country of Poland.
Little is known about its habitat, but it possibly died out after the colonization of humans on these islands.
Pelagodiscus is a monospecific genus of discinid brachiopods.
The copulatory organs include a sclerotised vagina and male copulatory organ, comprising a ring of 24-25 spines which are 24 µm in length.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
The Paxillosida are a large order of sea stars.
Human infections can cause severe abdominal cramps.
The genus was named for the Austrian nematologist Henrich Micoletzky.
Sometimes different feeding habits involve morphologically distinct phases, but they may involve only behavioral differences, and sometimes depend only on the immediate availability of different foods.
Yiliangellina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
They are epigean, rarely found in soil.
The sections of the pygidia are leaf-like in shape and also typically end in spines.
Desmoxytes, whose species are commonly known as the dragon millipedes, is a genus of millipede of the family Paradoxosomatidae found in southeast Asia.
Suberites is a genus of sea sponges in the family Suberitidae.
Nematodes of the genus Helicotylenchus are spiral nematodes and feed on a large variety of plant species.
Arbacia crassispina is a species of sea urchin of the family Arbaciidae.
Toxopneustes elegans is a species of sea urchin endemic to Japan.
The species is ectoparasitic on the gills of an unknown carangid fish identified in the original publication as "yellow jack".
Like all bryozoans, Fenestellids were epifaunal suspension feeders, that occurred between the early Ordovician and the Triassic.
Neospirifer is an extinct genus of articulate brachiopod fossils belonging to the family Trigonotretidae.
The hyponeural groove is covered by soft integument, which forms a spacious epineural canal that is not closed over by ventral arm plates.
PCN cause growth retardation and, at very high population densities, damage to the roots and early senescence of plants.
Like most centipedes it comes in many different "colour forms", depending on locality.
Melipona quadrifasciata is a species of eusocial, stingless bee of the order Hymenoptera.
Microphallus nicolli is a species of digenean parasite in the genus Microphallus.
Gongylonema is a genus of thread-like nematode that was described by Molin in 1857.
Selenopeltis is an extinct genus of odontopleurid trilobite in the family Odontopleuridae.
Fossils have been found in corresponding marine strata of Western Europe, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Alcyonium acaule or Mediterranean sea-finger is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family.
It has been considered the oldest bryozoan in several publications.
Clathrina darwini is a species of calcareous sponge of the genus Clathrina from the Sunda Shelf.
It is native to shallow water in the Indo-Pacific region.
Howelluella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
As well as growing larger than "blow lugworm" they are generally much darker, often totally black.
Urasterella is an extinct genus of sea stars that lived from the Ordovician to the Devonian.
It lives in damp places under stones, fallen trees, or in rotten wood and leaves.
Because it is under the genus Dugesia, it is also sometimes considered a type of planarian.
The species is listed as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List.
Nacobbus dorsalis is a plant pathogenic nematode.
Aulacodigma is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Loxomma is an extinct genus of Loxommatidae.
The area where the anterior and posterior parts join is constricted.
The membrane around the mouth contains only simple plates, in contrast to the more complex mouth parts of their close relatives, the Diadematoida.
The worms were found living on the bones of a decaying gray whale in the Monterey Canyon, at a depth of 2,893 m.
Polyandrocarpa nivosa Sluiter, 1898: synonym of Polycarpa anguinea
In front of the occipital furrow that crosses the entire glabella, two pairs of dead-ending furrows create three side lobes left and right.
It lived during the Toyonian stage, 516 to 513 million years ago, in what is today the South-Western United States.
Asthenosoma ijimai was first scientifically described in 1897 by Yoshiwara.
classified this species in the family Liolopidae, superfamily Diplostomoidea.
The dorsal exoskeleton of H. striatulus is very similar to the related genus, Remopleurides, but, H. striatulus has a comparatively enormous, forked hypostome.
Species included in this genus can reach a length of about 57 millimetres.
Leptoria is a genus of stony corals in the Merulinidae family.
Kolpaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish, which lived during the Middle Devonian period of North America.
Brain coral is a common name for this family.
It was discovered in December 2010 during a test run of an undersea robot by a team of researchers associated with the Antarctic Geological Drilling Program.
Anthomastus is a genus of soft corals in the family Alcyoniidae.
It is native to shallow water in the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
Huashanentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
Oesia disjuncta is a monospecific genus known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
Mopsella is a genus of corals in the family Melithaeidae.
Eunephthya is a genus of soft corals in the family Nephtheidae.
When humans ingest these eggs from definitive host remains, the eggs develop into coenuri.
This species always remains largely buried in sand or sediment, attached to the substrate, with only the oral disc and tentacles visible.
The genus comprises benthic species inhabiting deep, poorly lit or aphotic habitats.
This sea urchin species is deep purple in color, eggs are orange when secreted in water, and lives in lower inter-tidal and nearshore sub-tidal communities.
The overall shape is sometimes likened to a tiny bunch of bananas.
Iotrochota birotulata, the green finger sponge, is a species of demosponge in the phylum Porifera.
Its type locality is Papierschifer, which is in a shallow subtidal mudstone in the Papierschiefer Formation in the Ried district of Germany.
As a result, heart urchins, unlike most other sea urchins, are bilaterally symmetrical, and have a distinct anterior surface.
Encrinidae is an extinct family of crinoids belonging to the order Encrinida.
During this larval stage, they have a strong preference for darkness.
Psammechinus is a genus of sea urchins in the family Parechinidae containing two species:
Cirriformia tentaculata, is a species of marine polychaete worm in the family Cirratulidae.
It is an azooxanthellate species, meaning its tissues do not contain the symbiotic unicellular algae of the genus Symbiodinium, as do most corals.
These leeches have five pairs of eyes, with the last two separated by two eyeless segments.
A. braziliense larvae can cause accidental infection in humans called cutaneous larval migration or creeping eruption, which produces severe itching in the skin.
It is widely distributed from Norway to the coast of west Africa.
There is not yet enough adequate molecular evidence for a definite assignment of the species mentioned below to the genus Asterina.
Caenopedina superba is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae.
Cliona patera, commonly called Neptune's cup, is a species of demosponge in the family Clionaidae.
Some species within the genera Hermundura and Litocorsa are known to burrow, having reduced heads and parapodia.
To test the hypothesis, they calculated the surfaces of clamps and body in 120 species of gastrocotylinean monogeneans.
The lesser starlet coral or the shallow-water starlet coral is a stony coral in the family Siderastreidae.
Odontopleurida is an order of very spinose trilobites closely related to the trilobites of the order Lichida.
It is native to the Indo-Pacific region.
Brissopsis elongata is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae.
Eucidaris tribuloides, the slate pencil urchin, is a species of cidaroid sea urchins that inhabits littoral regions of the Atlantic Ocean.
The species is known by common names such as clover springtail, lucerne flea, or Lucerne earth flea.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
On land, Pteroplax was slow and cumbersome, but in the water, it moved fast in search of prey.
Centipedes always have an odd number of pairs of legs.
Humans are considered an accidental host because the parasite can survive without humans.
Some anthozoans can also reproduce asexually through budding or by breaking in pieces.
Ceramaster patagonicus, the cookie star, is a species of sea star.
Arachnoides tenuis was first scientifically described in 1938 by Hubert Lyman Clark.
It is found in shallow parts of the Caribbean Sea, the Bahamas and southern Florida.
The palolo worm or Samoan palolo worm is a Polychaeta species from the waters of the Pacific islands around Samoa.
Its tentacle height is 22 cm, and the width of the bell is 13 cm.
They are characterized by numerous spinose ribs overarching the frontal membrane of each zooid.
Genarchopsis goppo was classified within the family Hemiuridae.
Aaptos rosacea is a sea sponge belonging to the phylum Porifera.
It is native to the Pacific Ocean west of South America.
These growth forms were believed to arise as a response to abiotic factors.
N. aurea can reproduce either asexually by strobilation or sexually.
The species common name is Garden Springtail.
There are shallow and deep-water forms which are structurally different.
Their numbers were greatly reduced during the terminal Permian extinction event, but the order Cyclostomatida survives today.
Prionorhynchiidae is an extinct family of brachiopods belonging to the order Rhynchonellida.
Spirobolellus praslinus is an extinct species of millipede in the family Spirobolidae.
Members of this genus are often called trichinella or trichina worms.
The most remarkable feature of this sponge is the very long strap-like papillae.
Lesser known species such as A. hermaphrodita, A. sergiomeirai, A. ornata, A. nicobarensis and A. platyceri are found in parrots.
Gynandrocarpa latericius Sluiter, 1904: synonym of Eusynstyela latericius
She later renamed the material she had used to describe H. musculi in 1972 as H. forresteri.
Asthenosoma marisrubri Weinberg and de Ridder, 1998, formerly known as Asthenosoma varium, was described from the northern Red Sea.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Lynn Margulis and K. V. Schwartz later redefined Radiata in their Five Kingdom classification, this time including only Cnidaria and Ctenophora.
Aspidodiadema meijerei is a species of sea urchin of the family Aspidodiadematidae.
Dugesia is the type genus of the family Dugesiidae.
It has around 50 described species to date.
The headshield or cephalon has large genal spines reaching back as far as the 3rd to 6th segment of the thorax.
Infection in humans is very rare, with only about 100 reported cases worldwide, and is assumed to be largely accidental.
The black fly, Simulium tribulatum, is reported as a putative vector.
The average skull length of R. traquairi is about 11 centimetres.
Asaphus expansus is the type species of the asaphid trilobite genus Asaphus.
are very common, globular, individual marine tunicates roughly the size of grapes.
It was described by Chlupac in 1977, and the type species is Illaenula illaenoides, which was originally described under the genus Ductina.
The eggs are elongate, fusiform, with a single terminal filament.
It is commonly known as the giant plumose anemone or white-plumed anemone.
It occurs in tropical shallow reefs on reef slopes and flats in subtidal areas, at depths of around between 15 and 35 metres.
Currently, 670 valid species and subspecies in about 42 genera are recognized.
It is an intestinal parasite of domestic cats and dogs.
Echinocardium australe, or the New Zealand heart urchin is a sea urchin of the family Loveniidae, endemic to New Zealand.
Sarcothelia is a genus of soft corals in the Xeniidae family.
Holmiidae is a family of trilobites, that lived during the Lower Cambrian.
The free-living nematode Panagrellus redivivus, is known to many aquarium enthusiasts and fish keepers as the micro-worm.
To clarify the relationship between the new specimens and the 2 described species possessing falcigers with a subdistal spine, the scientists conducted a morphometric analysis.
Coelenterata lack a specialized circulatory system relying instead on diffusion across the tissue layers.
Unlike many hydromedusae, these jellyfish do not have a sessile stage.
It was first named by Jozef Klembara in 2009 and the type species is Spinarerpeton brevicephalum.
Turritopsis is a genus of Anthomedusae jellyfish in the family Oceaniidae.
This firm yellow sponge is roughly hemispherical and around 12 cm across.
Around 800 species have been described, of which around 70 occur in North America, 12 in Great Britain and two in Australia.
Its species are found in Australia and New Zealand.
Each polyp is a sac-like animal typically only a few millimeters in diameter and a few centimeters in length.
Like most sponges, Capsospoingia had a spicular skeleton; long spicules parallel to the growth direction formed columns which were connected by shorter lateral spicules.
Phyllodiscus is a monotypic genus of sea anemones in the family Aliciidae.
It is native to the New Zealand region.
Protostyela is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
The larger isomers cover the smaller ones externally and the first isomer is much larger than the rest.
These were the earliest of brachiopods, ranging from the Cambrian into the Holocene.
Selindella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The body is covered by a firm transparent test that is greyish to brown in color.
The disease exists in Africa and tropical Americas, spread by biting midges or blackflies.
Psychropotes longicauda is a species of sea cucumber in the family Psychropotidae.
The possession of characters seen in baphetids, anthracosaurs, and temnospondyls suggests that these three groups diverged in the Carboniferous rather than earlier, in the Devonian.
It lives on reefs in the Caribbean, usually more than 10 metres below the surface of the ocean.
Clathria stromnessa is a species of demosponge first found on the coast of South Georgia island, in the south west Southern Ocean.
It is native to the western and central Indo-Pacific where it is found in shallow reef habitats.
Bucephalus polymorphus is a type of flatworm.
H. galeatus can be found in many crops, as well as many species of pine trees and grasses.
The proboscis worm Glycera is sometimes called bloodworm.
Adults often carry worms without showing clinical signs.
It is the only genus in the family Archeolimulidae, and was found in the Czech Republic in rocks of Middle Ordovician age.
In 1988, John Kinsella recorded it from the marsh rice rat in a saltmarsh at Cedar Key, Florida.
The anterior end is the mouth with distinct lips, and the anus opens towards the posterior.
It was described as a new genus for the species Lenodus martinpointensis by Svend Stouge in 2012.
It is also found in the Mediterranean Sea.
Caryophyllia smithii, the Devonshire cup coral, is a species of solitary coral in the family Caryophylliidae.
Periodon is a genus of conodonts which existed in what is now Canada, Iran, Argentina, China, Russia, and the United States during the Ordovician Period.
Generation length is from 12 to 24 months, with spring and summer generations occurring in some ponds.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
It is a common species and the IUCN has assessed its status as being of "least concern".
Its species lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
The oldest fossils are prior to the Cryogenian glaciations, but the latest found were from the Nama group rocks which are from the Ediacaran period.
Species in this order are sessile, colonial, living in clear water and secrete tubes called coenecium.
It is known from only two specimens from the Maotianshan shale Lagerstätte.
Arctolepis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish, which lived during the Early Devonian period.
Tachypleus is a genus of southeast and east Asian horseshoe crabs in the family Limulidae.
Siphuncles are tubular, located along the ventral margin; composed of straight segments.
In other regions of the world, they appeared much later, during the Atdabanian, and quickly diversified into over a hundred families.
Three other species, previously synonymized with Hirudo medicinalis, were described in 2005 and are gaining acceptance:
Phillipsiidae is sometimes defined as a subfamily, "Phillipsiinae," and usually placed within the family Proetidae.
Many hundreds of species have been described from marine sediments all over the world.
The discovery of the fossil Priscomyzon pushed back the oldest known occurrence of true lampreys to the Late Devonian.
Paralogoniscus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Late Permian epoch.
They possess around 30 body segments and reach about 25 mm in length.
The larvae can remain active above 6 °C with relative humidity but when it is colder they halt their development but stay alive.
Echinostoma revolutum is a fluke that can be a parasite in humans.
Solmundella bitentaculata is a species of narcomedusa jellyfish in the family Aeginidae.
A few are known to parasitize earthworms, leeches and molluscs, and a specimen is known from a spider preserved in Baltic amber.
Polyclinum aurantium is a species of colonial sea squirt, a tunicate in the family Polyclinidae.
Strongyloides stercoralis is a human pathogenic parasitic roundworm causing the disease strongyloidiasis.
It is believed to be native to intertidal waters in the north east temperate Pacific Ocean and was first found in seawater aquaria in that region.
Pycnosteus is an extinct genus of jawless fish from the Devonian.
It is white with rather sparse pink spines, and is endemic to the eastern coast of North America including the Gulf of Mexico.
It is an opportunistic species tolerant of stressful conditions, and often found in polluted waters where it out-competes less tolerant species.
It was described by Brüggemann in 1879.
Araeosoma eurypatum is a species of sea urchin of the family Echinothuriidae.
It reaches only two inches in diameter, with more than eighty fine tentacles.
Cavalier-Smith included in Platyzoa the phylum Platyhelminthes, and a new phylum, the Acanthognatha, into which he gathered several previously described phyla of microscopic animals.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
It has been found between 1,702 and 2,164 m of altitude.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
The Puerto Rican crow, also known as Corvus pumilis, is an extinct crow species in the family Corvidae.
Transversotrema fusilieri is a species of parasitic flatworms found in caesionines on Lizard Island.
Breynia neanika was first scientifically described in 1982 by McNamara.
Harpaphe is a genus of flat-backed millipedes native to the Pacific Northwest of North America.
The first intermediate host is a freshwater snail and the second, a freshwater fish.
Diadema setosum is a species of long-spined sea urchin belonging to the family Diadematidae.
Burmeisterella is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida.
A gas filled bladder allows it to float on the surface, propelled by currents, tides, and by a sail at the top of the bladder.
Pyrosomes are brightly bioluminescent, flashing a pale blue-green light that can be seen for many tens of metres.
This is also the first species of this genus recorded from China.
They are a relatively diverse order, with a number of varying species.
D. sagittata feeds on the blood of the gills via an anterior mouth part.
It is an encrusting tubular sponge that grows anchored on rocky surfaces of coral reefs.
The taxonomic identity of Ausia is unresolved.
Brychaetus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony tongue known from the Late Cretaceous to the Paleocene.
This nematode is an important agricultural pest, especially in Europe.
Oodiscus is an extinct genus of small size trilobite, with three known species.
Its final hosts near irrigation ditches of the Nile delta include the roof rat, Egyptian giant shrew and aquatic birds.
It is known around the southern African coast, from Namibia to the South African south coast.
Asthenosoma marisrubis was first scientifically described in 1998 by Weinberg & de Ridder.
S. helianthus is also referred to as the 'sun anemone'.
Aphelenchus avenae is a mycophagous nematode capable of feeding on plant tissue in culture.
The head had a triangular snout, and the trunkshield was short, but high, with a median dorsal plate that was broader than wide.
Polyxenus lagurus, known as the bristly millipede is a species of millipede found in many areas of Europe and North America.
The Capsalidae is a family of monopisthocotylean monogeneans, which includes about 200 species.
This was the first report of the clinical manifestations of an M. moniliformis infection in humans.
It lived during the early Middle Cambrian in what are now the Czech Republic and the North Siberian plateau.
Coscinasterias tenuispina is a starfish in the family Asteriidae.
It was recorded from a compost heap of the Botanical Garden at the University of Oslo at Teryen, Oslo in 1992 and 1995.
Iconaster longimanus, the icon star or double star, is a species of starfish in the family Goniasteridae.
It is found on many types of beaches at very low tides, usually negative tides.
Although J. pandora is known primarily from bone fragments and an intact skull, it is the second most studied rhenanid, after Gemuendina stuertzi.
Apatopygus occidentalis was first scientifically described in 1928 by Hubert Lyman Clark, American zoologist.
Angiostoma carettae is the first species of nematodes known to inhabit turtles.
Alternative, more environmentally sustainable methods to control P. penetrans populations may be possible in certain regions.
There are currently twenty-one recognised species within the genus.
They are usually reddish in color because of all the blood they take from the equine host.
When the female gapeworm lays her eggs in the trachea of an infected bird, the eggs are coughed up, swallowed, then defecated.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
It is also known from the southern Atlantic off the western South African coast and into False Bay.
The Orthonectida and Rhombozoa are also grouped into the Mesozoa.
In the same book, Rowe suggested that Asterina should be restricted to Atlantic waters.
There is no sign of biomineralization of the skeletal elements.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Like Stensioella heintzi, and the Rhenanida, the Pseudopetalichthids had armor made up of a mosaic of tubercles.
It is placed in the genus Araeosoma and lives in the sea.
This worm stage burrows through the epithelium, leaving trails of eggs which find their way to the lumen, get swallowed, and eventually pass in feces.
The species is best known as the source of two proteins involved in bioluminescence, aequorin, a photoprotein, and green fluorescent protein.
The genus was originally going to be called Amphioxus but was later changed to its current name.
The name was coined by Reinhard M. Rieger, who designated the Dolichomacrostomidae as a family within the taxon Macrostomida.
The intermediate host is usually a crustacean.
P. testis was a freshwater fish with an oval outline, a small head, and a slightly pointed snout.
This species is considered to be dubious because the type, and only known specimen, is lost.
This particular species is known to contain adrenoreceptor-blocking compounds.
Leuconia is a genus of calcareous sponges belonging to the family Grantiidae.
Anguina funesta  is a plant pathogenic nematode.
Riedaster reicheli is an extinct species of starfish in the family Astropectinidae.
Glomerula is a genus of polychaete worm in the family Sabellidae.
Boltenia tuberculata Herdman, 1891: synonym of Pyura spinifera
Soft corals contain minute, spiny skeletal elements called sclerites, useful in species identification.
Sminthurinus aureus is a Springtail of the family Katiannidae.
Ebnerella is a genus of calcareous sponges belonging to the family Grantiidae.
Individuals are hermaphroditic and reproduction can be either sexual or parthenogenetic.
The species is only known from a single specimen caught off of the coast of the Seychelles at a depth of between 43 and 48m.
They crawl across the sea floor using their flexible arms for locomotion.
Kazachstania is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida.
The tentacles of the medusae are hollow and connected to the exumbrellar surface by a tentacular bulb where cnidoblasts are formed.
Pachymatisma johnstonia is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Geodiidae.
Fossils have been found in Europe and Antarctica.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Scytalocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoids.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
Common names include the greenfish sea cucumber, the spiky sea cucumber and the black knobby sea cucumber.
Mussidae is a family of stony coral in the order Scleractinia.
Pseudoreaster obtusangulus is a species of sea stars in the family Orestieridae.
Parajulidae is a family of millipedes in the order Julida, occurring predominantly in North America but also in Central America and East Asia.
Gadimyxa atlantica is a species of parasitic myxozoan.
The anatomy of the specimens of Nessariostoma granulosum are sufficiently different from the other two pseudopetalichthyids to be recognized as a separate species.
O. annularis and O. faveolata are commonly called the Boulder Star coral  and the Mountainous Star coral, respectively.
The brittle star creeps along the seabed with its flexible, snake-like arms.
C. feliscati are small, delicate, yellowish, thread-like worms.
Brisaster fragilis is a species of sea urchins of the Family Schizasteridae.
Agaricia is a genus of colonial stony corals in the family Agariciidae.
The Rhynchonelliformea is divided into five classes: Obolellata, Kutorginata, Chileata, Strophomenata, and Rhynchonellata.
Sphaerotherium is a genus of millipedes belonging to the family Sphaerotheriidae.
Many of the species approached Dunkleosteus in size and build.
Branching is usually dichotomous or umbellate with anastomoses, which gives rise to reticulate growths on stalks in adults.
Fossils of this family have been found in marine sediments all over the world.
Its dorsal and anal fins were situated posteriorly, with the anal fin being larger.
The lifecycle of E. granulosus involves dogs and wild carnivores as a definitive host for the adult tapeworm.
Like all ascidians, these sessile animals are filter feeders.
Abatus shackletoni is a species of sea urchin of the family Schizasteridae.
The type locality was the Whittaker Formation in the Northwest Territories.
Amblypneustes elevatus is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae.
The least brook lamprey is a common, non-parasitic lamprey distributed in the Mississippi River watershed, and a limited range along the Atlantic coast.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
Fossils have been found from the Ducabrook Formation in Queensland, Australia dating back to the middle Visean stage of the Early Carboniferous.
Nevadia is an extinct genus of trilobites, fossil marine arthropods, with species of average size.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
They are dark brownish coloured, but can sometimes be yellow.
Chaetodiadema pallidum was first scientifically described in 1907 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz and Hubert Lyman Clark.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
This suggests that Sinotubulites had evolved features that made it a much less attractive target than Cloudina.
Foulonia is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now France.
It spent most of its life in water, with the right adaptations for it.
Brochoadmones is an extinct genus of acanthodian from the Devonian of what is now Canada.
The latter species is known from the Paleocene of the Sentinel Butte Formation of North Dakota.
Glyphidrilus kukenthali is one of only three ‘earthworm’ species known to have two pairs of female pores, in 13 and 14.
Pseudoceros bifurcus is a marine flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family.
It is the only member of the monotypic genus Catalaphyllia.
The Paradoxididae are a superfamily of trilobites, a group of extinct marine arthropods.
The roots become gnarled or nodulated, forming galls, hence the term "root-knot" nematode.
It grew to be 15 ft(4.5m)and was 550 lbs(250 kg).
Yuchoulepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
The sea cucumbers are named after their resemblance to the fruit of the cucumber plant.
Brachysternaster chesheri was first scientifically described in 1985 by Larrain.
Pelmanaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Moaciria moraveci is a parasitic worm infecting a Hylophorbus frog on Fergusson Island, Papua New Guinea.
It has been introduced in North America.
Colonies can be up to 25 centimeters high with branches reaching 12 centimeters high.
It was described by Branisa and Vanek in 1973, and the type species is Kozlowskiapsis superna.
Sparganophilus species are commonly found in mud next to rivers and streams.
It was first observed at the Crystal Lake Hatchery, Shasta County, California, and has now been reported from Idaho, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia and Alaska.
Heterodera carotae is a plant pathogenic nematode commonly known as the carrot root nematode or carrot cyst nematode.
Nardoa rosea, the rose sea star, is a species of sea stars of the family Ophidiasteridae.
It is found in tropical parts of the Atlantic Ocean.
Each segment may bear setae and parapodia.
This trilobite is up to 20 cm long and more widely built than others of the time.
They are members of the extinct order Eurypterida; which is the most diverse Paleozoic chelicerate order in terms of species.
In other hosts, such as sheep, elk, moose, and goats, infection with E. schneideri leads to elaeophorosis.
Other species lack the zooxanthellae and, having no need for well-lit areas, typically live in deep-water locations.
Gonionemus vertens is a species of jellyfish.
Himerometra robustipinna is a species of crinoid belonging to the family Himerometridae.
It has radial symmetry and has been described as a tentacle-less cnidarian.
For example, leeches do not have bristles and the external segmentation of their bodies does not correspond with the internal segmentation of their organs.
Marcusodictyon is a genus of problematic fossils.
Its lacks arcuate cylindrical pads on the posterior bothridial margins.
Haycocknema perplexum is a muspiceoid nematode native to the island of Tasmania, of the nation of Australia.
Alloeocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
It is the only species in the genus Camerata.
The two specimens of the original material of L. fijiensis are 3.156 and 3.759 millimetres in length.
The eggs hatch into coracidia which are eaten by copepods which become infected themselves.
Baylisascaris larvae in paratenic hosts can migrate, causing visceral larva migrans.
These filarial nematodes and their animal hosts are often used as models for studies on the biology of human infection.
The Freyellidae are a family of deep-sea-dwelling sea stars.
It is endemic to coastal waters in southeast Tasmania.
A number of affinities were considered, but on the basis of available evidence it didn't quite seem to fit into any extant phylum.
This provides the etymology of their name: in ancient greek, στολίς, ίδος means the "fold" of a cloth.
Smithsonidrilus appositus is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm, first found in Belize, on the Caribbean side of Central America.
The genus contains a total of six species in all.
This jelly feeds on gelatinous zooplankton, including salps and doliolids, ctenophores, other jellies, and copepods.
It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period, approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
In the San Francisco Bay area, B. violaceus can be readily found on boat docks in the Richmond Marina.
Ampharetidae are a family of terebellid "bristle worm".
Girandia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
They can be found free-living on sediment, or shallowly in sediment.
Diandrocarpa botryllopsis Van Name, 1902: synonym of Symplegma viride Herdman, 1886
Individual siliachoates can be arranged tightly within the sponginocyte or crosshatched and fused together.
Lonchodomas is a genus of trilobites, that lived during the Ordovician.
Eudendrium centicaule is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid in the family Eudendriidae.
This name is in honor of Sydney Brenner, recognizing his pioneering role in starting active research in the field of C. elegans biology and development.
Fossils have been found in marine strata in what is now Europe, Africa and North America.
The cercaria leaves the snail and encysts in the muscle of the connective tissue of fresh-water species.
It is believed that it excretes toxins mainly to protect itself from the spiny lobster.
Generally very little is known about hagfish reproduction and embryos are difficult to obtain for study, although laboratory breeding of Eptatretus burgeri, has succeeded.
Heterocentrotus is a genus of slate pencil urchins, part of the familia Echinometridae.
Docofossor is an extinct mammaliaform from the Jurassic period.
The smallest of these, the short-tailed monitor reaches only 20 cm in length.
Ophionotus victoriae is a species of brittle star in the order Ophiurida.
It was named by the paleontologist Auguste Pomel
They are found on shallow water reefs and are capable of developing sweeper tentacles.
The species is named after the Izu peninsula where the holotype was collected.
Glomeris klugii is a species of pill millipedes.
The vesicles are concentrated towards the outer surface and are easily ruptured by contact; they are believed to protect the animal from predation and fouling.
These are small to large encrusting or dome-shaped sponges with a smooth surface having many teat-shaped projections.
Schistosomiasis is considered by the World Health Organization as the second most socioeconomically devastating parasitic disease,, with hundreds of millions infected worldwide.
Together with the deuterostomes and xenacoelomorpha, its members make up the Bilateria, mostly comprising animals with bilateral symmetry and three germ layers.
It is 10 mm long, and has 82 legs.
They are diecious with marked sexual dimorphism.
They are zooxanthellate corals and at one time were considered to be members of the genus Fungia.
However, most solitary ascidians that are encountered are so covered in algae that the coloration is often not visible.
Many of the genera in this family exhibit brilliant colors and patterns, which sometimes can be attributed to aposematism and crypsis to protect themselves from predators.
The Solasteridae are a family of sea stars.
Cliona viridis, commonly called the green boring sponge, is a species of demosponge in the family Clionaidae.
Homostiidae is a family of flattened arthrodire placoderms from the Early to Middle Devonian.
One each of the mere three genera placed herein occurs in Chile and Europe.
Anabarites is a problematic lower Cambrian genus, and is one of the small shelly fossils.
Agelas gracilis is a species of demosponge.
A proposal, which contraposed many synapomorphies uniting them to the Trilobita instead.
It lives in a burrow in sediment on the sea floor.
Drymonema is a genus of true jellyfish, placed in its own family, the Drymonematidae.
The fish are nocturnal, and often dig themselves partially into the sandy seabed during the day.
Zonorchis komareki is a fluke in the genus Zonorchis.
The Nerillidae are a family of invertebrates containing these genera:
It has been accidentally introduced to the western coast of North America and to other parts of the world.
Monojapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
Sympodium is a genus of soft corals in the Xeniidae family.
They lived in the Ordovician period, from the Tremadocian age until the Lower Ashgillian age.
Fossils were discovered off the coast of India by Dr Hue Geereckshon, an Irish physicist specializing in curves.
It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Archaeocydippida hunsrueckiana is an extinct species of comb jelly in the class Tentaculata, order Cydippida.
Acanthocheilonema viteae is one of the few filaroids that do not bear Wolbachia bacteria.
Moniliformida is an order containing a single family, Moniliformidae, of microscopic parasitic worms that attach themselves to the intestinal wall of terrestrial vertebrates
They have tentacle ampullae and respiratory trees present, a kind of water lung attached to the cloaca.
Urticina is a genus of relatively large and often colorful sea anemones in the family Actiniidae from the North Pacific, North Atlantic and Arctic Oceans.
Ecologically, there are few other groupings so abundant in the biotic desert of the deep sea, as well as shallower oceans.
Antillogorgia is a genus of soft coral, sea fans in the family Gorgoniidae.
Blue rockfish have a relatively smooth and oval appearance compared to other members of Sebastes, with very few head spines.
This coral is native to the west and central Indo-Pacific region and is sometimes used in reef aquaria.
Tamoya ohboya was discovered by a biologist and educator, William Gillan.
Their life cycle is indirect requiring intermediate host, which are oribatid mites.
It is sometimes found in marginal, stressful systems such as caves.
These relatively large dragonflies are also known as hawkers.
Rhizomolgula intermedia Michaelsen, 1908: synonym of Rhizomolgula globularis
Thymurus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
23 specimens of Yuknessia are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed, where they comprise < 0.1% of the community.
It was named after Professor Misra in 2007.
Sauropsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
An earthworm's digestive system runs through the length of its body.
Hamptonia is a genus of sponge known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale and the Lower Ordovician Fezouata formation.
In Japan they symbolise the idea "till death us do part".
Brissus gigas was first scientifically described in 1947 by H.B.
The life cycle is basically similar to those of other taenids.
It is one of the most recurrent organisms in the Mazon Creek fossil beds of Illinois.
Palaeodesmus has three rows of tubercles or bosses in the shape of round-edged squares or rectangles on the dorsal portion of each body segment.
Its remains have been found in Asia, Australia, Europe, and North America.
Cidaris is a genus of pencil sea urchins.
It is placed in the genus Amphipneustes and lives in the sea.
It is native to the mountainous regions of Africa.
It is a cylindrical, unsegmented worm with a crown of tentacles around the mouth.
It is common in and limited to the Lower Cambrian shelf deposits across the southwestern US, which constitutes part of the former paleocontinent of Laurentia.
The Toxocaridae are a zoonotic family of parasitic nematodes that infect canids and felids and which cause toxocariasis in humans.
Polychaetes, or marine bristle worms, have elongated bodies divided into many segments.
Emuella is a genus of trilobites of the family Emuellidae.
However, recent discoveries from molecular phylogeny analysis show that Chaetopterus variopedatus sensu Hartman is not a single species.
Brissus gigas is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae.
The furcula is large and flattened, allowing the animal to jump without breaking the surface tension of the water.
In 1971, Erik Stensiö described a metre long specimen as a new species, "Broilina heroldi," which was later synonymized with Gemuendina.
Acropora indonesia is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Dr Carden Wallace in 1997.
Some species live freely, either swimming, crawling or burrowing, and these are known as "errant".
They breed, and when their offspring are tiny, the offspring escape to find a Venus' flower basket of their own.
Clypeaster cyclopilus was first scientifically described in 1941 by Hubert Lyman Clark.
Hadromerida is an order of sea sponges belonging to the class Demospongiae.
Among the better-known bloodsucking land leeches are the Indian leech and the yamabiru or Japanese Mountain Leech.
It was once thought to be a pterosaur, but this was rejected by Oskar Kuhn in 1961, and upheld by Peter Wellnhofer in 1978.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Paracapillaria xenentodoni is a parasitic nematode present in the migratory fish Xenentodon cancila.
The taxonomy of the genus is confusing and Leptasterias hexactis seems to be a species complex.
Clavelina sabbadini is a species of tunicate, in the genus Clavelina.
Scrupocellaria hamata is a species of gymnolaematan Bryozoa first described from the Queensland coast.
They can move rapidly through the pores between soil particles, and are typically found from the surface down to a depth of about 50 cm.
Abjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
Cymbastela is a genus of sponges in the family Axinellidae.
To date, twenty-two Trichuris species have been described.
Like garden snails, Mertensia is hermaphroditic, reproducing sexually and occasionally asexually.
It forms biogenic habitat by creating large aggregations of hundreds to thousands of individuals.
These feather stars were stationary intermediate-level organisms feeding on suspension epifauna.
The jelly blubber, also known as the blue blubber jellyfish, is a species of jellyfish from coastal regions in the Indo-Pacific.
Unlike many other acanthodians, it had one, solitary dorsal fin.
Other medical Hirudiniformes of lesser importance are for example other species of the genus Hirudo, the North American medical leech, and the Asian medical leech.
It also contains the species Priscopedatus normani, Priscopedatus mostleri, Priscopedatus triassicus, Priscopedatus elliptiferus.
Malo filipina is a small and venomous Irukandji jellyfish found in the Philippines.
It is the type genus of its family.
Once considered to be a class under Annelida, and even a separate phylum, haplodrili is now widely accepted to be an order under Polychaeta.
Zeugophiurina is a suborder of primitive brittle stars with three extinct families.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
The genus was described by Ralph Vary Chamberlin in 1923 and reviewed by Sergei Golovatch and Henrik Enghoff in 1994.
The name of the genus comes from the Greek words pyros meaning 'fire' and soma meaning 'body', referring to the bright bioluminescence sometimes emitted.
Heteractis malu, also known as the malu anemone, delicate sea anemone or white sand anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Stichodactylidae.
It is found globally and most prevalently where cattle are raised and beef is consumed.
B. longicaudatus was recognized as an important agricultural pest in the southeastern United States.
Holothuria atra, commonly known as the black sea cucumber or lollyfish, is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Holothuriidae.
Profallotaspis jakutensis is arguably the earliest trilobite ever found.
It is a monotypic genus made up of a single species, Aackia karakoramensis.
E. granulosus was first documented in Alaska but is distributed world-wide.
Clathrina reticulum is a species of the genus Clathrina.
This is an encrusting sponge growing in patches up to 60 cm across.
It is an epifaunal deepwater species living at depths between 240 and 520 m and was only identified and named in 2006.
Molecular studies suggest that Acanthocheilonema viteae either lost their symbionts before they became essential or diverged from other filaroids before Wolbachia acquisition.
Syringoporidae is an extinct family of phaceloid tabulate coral.
Found in freshwater, this flatworm is commonly found on the gills and fins of the guppy, Poecilia reticulata.
Clathrina soyo is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Japan.
Ascidiella aspersa is a species of solitary sea squirts native to the northeastern Atlantic, from the Mediterranean Sea to Norway.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
It is commonly found in the Northern Hemisphere, especially throughout Canada and the northern US.
But Venyukovia is known only from lower jaw fragments of a single individual.
In fact the first definitive specimen was described from human subject in 1876.
The remaining 9 members are found in the Northern hemisphere only.
It lived in a shallow sea in what is now New York State and Ontario.
Hydra  is a genus of small, fresh-water animals of the phylum Cnidaria and class Hydrozoa.
It came from the genus Amblypneustes and lives in the sea.
They are marine filter feeders with a water-filled, sac-like body structure and two tubular openings, known as siphons, through which they draw in and expel water.
Cooper, his friend and scientific mentor, named Beorn leggi after him.
Miomantinae is a subfamily of insects Mantodea the family Mantidae.
The body of the adult worm is around 15 centimetres in length but can reach up to 25 cm in some cases.
Botrylloides leachii is a colonial tunicate of the genus Botrylloides.
It was described by Wedekind in 1914, and the type species is Denckmannites volborthi, which was originally described under the genus Phacops by Barrande in 1852.
Branchiostoma is one of the few living genera of lancelets.
Diadema mexicanum is a species of long-spined sea urchin belonging to the family Diadematidae.
Amphipneustes similis is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae.
If the colony is on a sand bar at low tide, it usually deflates and becomes covered with a thin film of silty sand.
One of these widespread species, A. trapezoides, was also transported across continents as a popular fishing bait.
The benefitial symbiosis with carbon dioxide fixing and sulfur-oxidizing endosymbionts allows the marine flatworm to live in nutrient poor environments.
The Myllokunmingiids are the earliest known group of craniate chordates.
It has been identified as a least-concern species.
The biconvex shell was typically 2.5 cm long, but sometimes grew to 4 cm.
The polyps in some species are large and feathery in appearance.
Gabriellus is an extinct genus from a class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Adults are similar to Echinochasmus microcaudatus, but differ in features of the oral sucker.
Among the most important species affected are Chrysanthemums and strawberries.
Batocara also contains the species B. borenorense and B. fritillum.
A conodont, Promissum had a primitive mouth under its eyes with mineralized teeth, which are both typical for conodonts.
It was described by Harrington in 1957, and the type species is Kanoshia kanoshensis, which was originally described under the genus Pseudomera by Hintze in 1953.
Lichida is an order of typically spiny trilobite that lived from the Tremadocian to the Devonian period.
Pinworm infections commonly occur in all parts of the world.
The polyps are fully retractable and give the colony a fluffy look when extended.
Its large eyes and other parts would suggest a swimming animal, yet it lacks claws, which seems to suggest a bottom feeder.
Boltenia elegans Herdman, 1881: synonym of Boltenia ovifera
Stylaraea is a genus of marine stony corals in the family Poritidae.
The larvae of these worms cause anisakiasis when ingested by humans in raw or insufficiently cooked fish, but do not reproduce in humans.
Seriocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
It is native to the Indo-Pacific region where it occurs in shallow water in Indonesia, Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, the Philippines and Australia.
Terebratula is a modern genus of brachiopod with a fossil record dating back to the Late Devonian.
Its colour is variable, from deep red to brown or purplish, with green spots and darker tentacles.
Cnemidocarpa sabulosa Glémarec & Monniot C., 1966
Girardia is a genus of freshwater triclad belonging to the Dugesiidae family.
Its circular shape indicates the animal lives under conditions of relatively calm water.
Centrostephanus besnardi is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae.
Fungal feeders may have life cycles as short as 5 days.
Irinia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The fossils were described by Simon Conway Morris and John Peel in a short paper in 1990 in the journal Nature.
Prosauropsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic epoch.
The team hypothesised that the species was descended from animals on the surface that were washed down the earth's crust by rainwater.
The World Register of Marine Species includes these genera in the family:
Famatinolithus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Acropora derawanensis is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Carden Wallace in 1997.
The Choctaw bean, scientific name Villosa choctawensis, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae.
The status of the genus Profilicollis has been debated, and species placed in this genus were formerly included in the genus Polymorphus.
Bothriocidaris is an extinct genus of echinoid from the Ordovician.
Cirriformia is a genus of marine polychaete worms in the family Cirratulidae.
It preys on the feet of nesting seabirds.
It measured approximately 1.5 mm in length and is the oldest and most complete flatworm fossil yet discovered.
The trails are from the border of England and Wales, from 400 mya, in an ancient riverbed environment.
These 3 species' spores exhibit two morphological forms: wide and subspherical, being both types bilaterally symmetrical along the suture line.
Chondroparia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Salminops is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
This genus consists of the following species
Up to 80 tentacles line the bell margin, with about an equal number of statocysts.
A colony consists of a number of zooids which bud off from a long slender stolon.
The large excurrent pores are located in depressions at the top of the sponge.
During the day, it curls up into a tight ball shape to protect itself from predators.
They vary in diameter from 1 to 35 cm and appear to follow Cope's rule for the prehistoric climate.
It subsists on a great variety of food including algae, coral polyps and bottom detritus.
Hydractinia echinata is a colonial marine hydroid which is often found growing on dead, hermit-crabbed shells of marine gastropod species.
Paraplesiobatis heinrichsi is a lightly armored pseudopetalichthyid placoderm from the Hunsrückschiefer Lagerstätte of Early Devonian Germany.
Being a marsupial, it is not closely related to true cats; its closest living relatives are wombats and the koala.
The markings do not match the musculature pattern of modern jellyfish.
Feeding: Hyphal feeder; Aphelenchus avenae feeds on a variety of fungi, but is not known to feed on higher plants.
Aysheaia was a genus of Cambrian-aged soft-bodied, caterpillar-shaped fossil organisms with average body lengths of 1–6 cm.
Members of this genus are sometimes found in reef aquariums.
Megapharanaspis nedini is a small) trilobite of the superfamily Emuelloidea, within which it occupies a family on its own.
It has been trawled from depths of 267 metres.
Gongylonema pulchrum is the only parasite of the genus Gongylonema capable of infecting humans.
Chancia is an extinct genus of Cambrian trilobite.
Its name is derived from its host species, Priacanthus hamrur.
Its remains have been found in Australia and North America, especially in Utah.
When the fish is eaten by a bird, the larvae mature and adults start to produce eggs within two days.
Echinopora fruticulosa is a species of stony coral in the Merulinidae family.
The Limpopo girdled lizard also lacks the elongate first row of dorsal scales.
Kolbaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Annella mollis is a species of soft corals belonging to the family Subergorgiidae.
It is native to shallow water habitats in the western Atlantic Ocean from Prince Edward Island southwards to Florida and Mexico, and possibly Brazil.
The only known species of the genus Mammamia, it was described in 2011 from a specimen discovered in a cave in Italy.
Stephanostomum baccatum is a species of a parasitic flatworm in the family Acanthocolpidae.
The type species of this genus is Cidaris gigantea Agassiz, 1840.
Solenoparia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The common starfish is to be found on rocky and gravelly substrates where it feeds on molluscs and other benthic invertebrates.
Cryptosula pallasiana is a species of colonial bryozoan in the order Cheilostomata.
It occurs at depths of 28-32 m.
Males measure a quarter of a millimeter in length, and females are 50 percent larger.
The Smittinidae is a family within the bryozoan order Cheilostomata.
Itagnostus is a genus of trilobite restricted to the Middle Cambrian.
Both are grouped under Schizoramia, a clade of arthropods with biramous appendages.
Relicanthus daphneae is a cnidarian resembling a sea anemone, which occurs in the depths of the East Pacific Rise and was described in 2006.
The members of this subphylum are very small and have no hard parts, making their fossils difficult to find.
Hammanopyge is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Scotland.
It is monotypic and the only species is Astroides calycularis, which is endemic to the western Mediterranean Sea.
The name has also been misspelled as Ernettia in some papers.
Guerrerostrongylus is a genus of nematode worms.
The Cosmocercidae are a nematode family in the superfamily Cosmoceroidea.
It is a relatively uncommon species and is found in shallow seas in the Caribbean region.
This brown anemone has quite a high tolerance to changes in salinity and to a high concentration of organic matter in the water.
It lived during the Toyonian it what are now Canada and the USA.
Some debate has led to the classification of single species under different names in two distinct genera.
Dicyema nouveli Kalavati, Narasimhamurti & Suseela, 1984
Rhynchorinus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Eocene.
This species has a characteristically long stylet capable of penetrating into a host’s vascular tissue.
Each lens has an individual cornea which extended into a rather large sclera.
Henricia sanguinolenta, commonly known as the northern henricia or bloody henry, is a species of sea star from the North Atlantic and North Pacific oceans.
Among these A. galli is the most important and most pathogenic species, responsible for 'ascaridiasis' of poultry.
Ploima is an order of rotifers, microscopic invertebrates found in marine and freshwater habitats.
It is often found indoors in places such as houses, garages and greenhouses.
Sabellastarte longa is a species of marine polychaete worms in the family Sabellidae.
Yichunentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
The test is usually sculpted to some degree, but, unlike their close relatives the Temnopleuroida, the tubercles are never perforated.
Durikainema is a genus of two nematodes in the family Robertdollfusidae.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Columnaria is an extinct genus of rugose coral that lived from the Late Ordovician to the Late Devonian.
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Hintzeia is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now the United States.
It is part of a small and low-diversity fauna endemic to the area, which dwelt in brackish waters.
Mazocraeidae is a flatworms family in the order Mazocraeidea.
The subfamily Neanuridae contains pudgy short-legged springtails of the order Poduromorpha.
Actinostephanus haeckeli is a species of sea anemone in the family Actinodendronidae.
The genome sequence for C. briggsae was determined in 2003.
Mycale laevis, the orange icing sponge or orange undercoat sponge, is a species of marine demosponge in the family Mycalidae.
Strongyloides lutrae is a parasitic roundworm infecting the small intestine of the otter, Lutra canadensis.
The Trichocephalida is an order of parasitic Nematodes.
Parastrongylus schmidti is a species of parasitic nematode in the genus Parastrongylus.
If left untreated, the infection can develop into a chronic disease called elephantiasis.
Acropora loisetteae is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by C. C. Wallace in 1994.
Species in this genus also have eight large pads known as anchors located between the arms.
It is also found in the British Isles at its northern limit in the northeast Atlantic.
It attached directly to hard surfaces, such as brachiopod shells.
Asterina phylactica is a species of sea star.
C. tagi has a collagen in its bell which is currently being researched to see if it has biomedical uses as an intercellular matrix.
Biolgina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Euphyllia divisa, commonly known as frogspawn coral and sometimes misspelled Euphyllia divisia, is a large-polyped stony coral native to the Indo-Pacific islands.
Like rugose corals, they lived entirely during the Paleozoic, being found from the Ordovician to the Permian.
Eudendrium minutum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid in the family Eudendriidae.
Infections with this genus have been reported from more than 150 different naturally or experimentally infected hosts.
An enigmatic species in Tasmania is Eophila eti.
Drotops can be distinguished from other genera in this family by its size.
Some, however, omit either the polyp or the medusa stage.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
In the copepod, the worm forms a procercoid, which is infective to vertebrates that ingest them.
Cyanea nozaki, commonly known as the ghost jellyfish, is a species of jellyfish found in the northern Pacific Ocean near the coasts of China and Japan.
Most of the families are viviparous with parenchymella larvae that are uniformly ciliated, but Raspailiidae is primarily oviparous.
The Potamolepidae are a family of sponges, with six genera:
In sponges with a reinforced cortex, the inhalant pores can be restricted to a sieve-like ostia-bearing region.
Ventral and genital suckers usually not combined.
This superfamily is distinguishable from the Phacopidae in that eyes are closer to the glabella and that the glabella has lobes, unlike the genera in Phacopidae.
It contains a single species, Amphicutis stygobita.
It is oval shaped with 8 separate moderately elevated, overlapping ridged valves on its dorsal surface.
The name first surfaced in news reports in 2001.
Heterodera cruciferae is a plant pathogenic nematode.
Actinolepidae is an extinct family of placoderm fishes which lived during the Early Devonian period.
Except for the first isomer of Vendia rachiata, all the isomers have one lateral appendage.
It lived from 501 to 497 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
There are two species of this genus that lived through the lower Devonian, some 416 to 359 million years ago.
It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Parvulastra parvivipara is a very small species of starfish in the family Asterinidae.
Tasmanentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
The main body, the strobila, consists of a chain of segments known as proglottids.
Amphiaspidoidei is a taxon of extinct amphiaspidid heterostracan agnathans whose fossils are restricted to Lower Devonian marine strata of Siberia near the Taimyr Peninsula.
Teuthidodrilus is closely related to the recently discovered Swima genus, another pelagic cirratuliform worm of the deep ocean.
Cactodera cacti, also known as the cactus cyst nematode or cactus cyst eelworm, is a plant pathogenic nematode.
Amphiura filiformis is a species of brittle star belonging to the family Amphiuridae.
Phylogeny is based on a combination of studies of extinct and extant species.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
It takes the form of a round, medusoid disk with a C-shaped gut trace.
This is a pale sponge ranging in colour from grey to yellow.
Unlike the trilobites of the Phacopid suborder Phacopina, whose eyes are schizochroal, the proetids have the more common holochroal eyes.
Longidorus maximus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
The helmet jellyfish is a luminescent, red-colored jellyfish of the deep sea, belonging to the order Coronatae of the phylum Cnidaria.
It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period, approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
They are distributed worldwide as cases of equine infections have been found in Canada, Florida, the Nordic regions, and Arabian horses alike.
Trichuris, often referred to as whipworms, is a genus of parasite worms from the roundworm family Trichuridae, which is a type of helminth.
It can be detected by a short row of three openings through which it takes in water and expels it again.
The most common species, N. melleni, causes problematic disease in public aquariums.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
They are characterised by their distinct anterior/posterior parts and being densely ciliated, especially around the "mouth" and "anus".
Nehanniaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
In contrast, modern-day ratios of the two elements would be more than twice the suggested Cretaceous value, at a ratio of around 5.2.
The polyps are large and brightly coloured and resemble those of members of the Mussidae family.
They are colonial animals, and are distinguished from other sea squirts by the presence of relatively simple pharyngeal baskets.
It is widely distributed around the British Isles and across north-western Europe, and has been described as "probably the commonest spirorbid in the world".
While the organism superficially resembles the sea pens, it is probably not a crown-group animal.
Cinctipora elegans is a bryozoan species in the genus Cinctipora found in shallow sea-bed around New Zealand.
Although the presence of horns strongly suggests sexual dimorphism, lack of data on numerous fronts currently prevents firm conclusions from being drawn.
Cristatella mucedo is a bryozoan in the family Cristatellidae, and the only species of the genus Cristatella.
The petalichthids Lunaspis and Wijdeaspis are among the best known.
In most species, the corallites are plocoid and in some, monocentric.
A study in 2005 indicated that grasshoppers which contain the parasite express, or create, different proteins in their brains compared to uninfected grasshoppers.
Capitella is a polychaete worm genus in the family Capitellidae.
At least two species originally termed H. robusta are present at the same locality, the Sacramento River at the Sacramento Fairgrounds.
Fasciola is a genus of trematodes which includes economically important parasite species.
This species was first described from a specimen collected from the spiral valve digestive organ of a goblin shark caught in New South Wales in Australia.
Members of this order do not normally have a polyp stage.
Lusatiops is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Nereis vexillosa belongs to the phylum Annelida, a group known as the segmented worms.
Most of the exceptions to bilateral symmetry noted can be explained by adaptations allowing the trident to be held off the sea floor while walking.
They became extinct during the Permian–Triassic extinction event or sometime before the event 252.17 million years ago.
Males normally range from 40 to 85 mm long, females up to 90 mm.
Lungworm is also a common parasitic worm found in various animal species such as fish and cats.
However, some species of rugose corals could form large colonies.
Fossils are found in Morocco and Spain
There is scattered dark pigmentation across the rest of the body.
The species was described from material collected in Chiang Mai Province, northwest Thailand.
Spirobranchus giganteus, commonly known as Christmas tree worms, are tube-building polychaete worms belonging to the family Serpulidae.
Cedaria lived during the early part of the Upper Cambrian, and is especially abundant in the Weeks Formation.
Olenoides followed the basic structure of all trilobites — a cephalon, a thorax with seven jointed parts, and finally a semicircular pygidium.
It was described by Howell in 1935.
The name "Gorgonacea" is no longer considered valid and Alcyonacea is now the accepted name for the order.
Plakortis galapagensis Desqueyroux-Faúndez & van Soest, 1997
Coitocaecum parvum is a digeneic trematode or flatworm that is parasitic to the intestine of the common bully or upland bully.
Rhytisma fulvum, the sulphur leather coral, is a species of colonial soft coral in the family Alcyoniidae.
Members of this order are known as feather stars and mostly do not have a stalk as adults.
It is found on either side of the northern Pacific Ocean.
They lived during the early part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period, a faunal stage that occurred about 479 to 472 million years ago.
Traquairaspidiformes is an order of extinct heterostracan agnathan fish known from the Silurian and Early Devonian periods.
Thereuonema is a centipede genus in the family Scutigeridae.
Mitrates are an extinct group of stem group echinoderms, which may be closely related to the hemichordates.
The New Zealand flatworm is a large land flatworm native to New Zealand.
Dendya clathrata is a species of the genus Dendya.
Species belonging to the genus Pheretima have a clitellum, which is a band of glandular tissue present on segments 14 to 16.
Phoronopsis californica is a species of marine horseshoe worm in the phylum Phoronida.
Crambeidae is a family of marine demosponges.
The nematode larva reaches its infective stage within this intermediate host.
The worm is round in shape, approximately 10 to 20 millimeters in length, and bears a strong resemblance to a disembodied pair of buttocks.
Heterocentrotus mamillatus is a similar, related species.
The type locality was the Kurtdogmus Formation.
It was described by Kamil Zágoršek and Dennis P. Gordon in 2012 and the type species is O. triforamina.
Brittle stars or ophiuroids are echinoderms in the class Ophiuroidea closely related to starfish.
Clavelina lepadiformis, common name the light-bulb sea squirt, is a colonial sea squirt native to the NE Atlantic Ocean.
Notable groups within the Paradoxosomatidae include the dragon millipedes of Southeast Asia, and the widely introduced Greenhouse Millipede Oxidus gracilis.
The family is distributed across the tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide.
L. lissetskii is a member of the extinct phylum Proarticulata.
The superficial anatomy of brachydeiroids is extremely diverse.
Hedgpethia atlantica — Josephine Bank, Northwest Africa
The average skull length is about 16 centimeters.
Like Odontopleuridae odontopleurids, damesellids have broad, bar-shaped cranidia with ledge-like borders.
Isidella is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
Its genital characters vary greatly between individuals, but certain features appear to be constant.
They lived in the Devonian period, from 414 to 391 million years ago.
Members of this suborder are sometimes known as gorgonians and include the sea blades, the sea fans, the sea rods and the sea whips.
The species name means "pale yellow" in Latin and refers to the species' colouration.
Gynandrocarpa solitaris Millar, 1955: synonym of Dextrocarpa solitaris Millar, 1955
Four species have been assigned to it.
Its ecology is still relatively unknown, but it is presumed that it is a daylight predator whose prey includes small crustaceans and fish.
Its fossils have been found in the Late Emsian-aged marine strata of the Jiucheng and Haikou Formations in Wuding, Yunnan.
The frontal part or prothorax consists of 6 segments, with number 5 and 6 fused, and the 6th carrying very large trailing spines.
Polydesmus is a genus of millipedes in the family Polydesmidae.
Vidarabine, an antiviral drug, was derived from these compounds.
Ascaris lumbricoides is the main ascarid parasite of humans, causing Ascariasis.
The skull of the holotype is 10 cm long.
Unlike more typical echinoderms such as sea stars, Helicoplacus does not have fivefold symmetry.
Choia is a genus of extinct demosponge ranging from the Cambrian until the Lower Ordovician periods.
Mouth opening is triangular, surrounded by 3 large lips, each with 2 papillai, amphidial pore at lateral edge of each subventral lip.
It is found in the Pacific Ocean.
Manicina areolata, commonly known as rose coral, is a colonial species of stony coral in the family Faviidae.
It, and other members of Rotulidae have been found in West African marine strata from the Late Miocene onward.
This family includes some photo-synthetic sponges that occur throughout the worlds coral reefs.
Asiatella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Savalia is a genus of anemone-like anthozoans in the order Zoantharia.
The young attach to the parent's belly after hatching and are thus ferried to their first meal.
Pseudogygites is an extinct genus of trilobites from the Middle and Upper Ordovician.
The whole surface is covered in papillae, those at the centre markedly taller than those at the periphery.
E. laeve is the type-species of the genus Echinoplectanum.
Scientists from the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute using the submarine ROV Tiburon first discovered the genus in Monterey Bay, California, in February 2002.
The massive starlet coral or round starlet coral is a stony coral in the family Siderastreidae.
Brisaster capensis was first scientifically described in 1880 by Studer.
Spirometra is a genus of Pseudophyllid cestode that reproduces in canines and felines but which can cause pathology in humans.
Parazoanthus swiftii, commonly known as the golden zoanthid, is a species of coral in the order Zoantharia which grows symbiotically on several species of sponge.
Anfesta stankovskii is a tri-radially symmetrical fossil animal that lived in the late Ediacaran seafloor.
Alicia pretiosa is a sea anemone species in the genus Alicia which can be found in such seas as the Red Sea and South Pacific Ocean.
Cerianthus lloydii is a species of tube-dwelling sea anemone in the family Cerianthidae.
Some studies have begun the investigation of the evolutionary ecology of these invasive planarians.
Mellita isometra ranges across the east coast of the United States.
Sexual maturity is reached around two years.
The Articulata hypothesis is an alternative to the hypothesis that ecdysis is a primitive characteristic – this would place Panarthropoda in the group Ecdysozoa.
It had large, double-pronged inferognathals, and serrated edges along its mandible, strongly suggesting that it was a fish-eating predator.
This North American parasite is found primarily in the intestines of raccoons, American minks, frogs in the genus Rana, and freshwater snails in the genus Goniobasis.
Each segment overlaps the front of the following one.
Steinernema scapterisci, the mole cricket nematode, is a species of nematode in the order Rhabditida.
They either had very small teeth or none.
Generally, these tiny, elusive creatures consist of a somatoderm of ciliated cells surrounding one or more reproductive cells.
Batocara is a genus of phacopid trilobites in the family Encrinuridae.
It has six pairs of gill pouches and gill apertures.
There are currently about 40 named species in this family.
Glowworm or glow-worm is the common name for various groups of insect larvae and adult larviform females that glow through bioluminescence.
Palaeomolva is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
The transverse elements decrease in size from anterior to posterior and are all inclined in the same direction.
It has up to 750 legs, more than any other animal in the world.
Mottled anemones are similar to Dahlia anemones and both are commonly referred to as northern red anemones.
Skrjabinema is a genus of nematodes within the Oxyuridae family.
The Micropygidae form a family of sea urchins within the Diadematoida order of echinoderms.
Acropora lovelli is a species of acroporid coral found in the northern Indian Ocean, the central Indo-Pacific, Australia and the oceanic west Pacific Ocean.
Dendronephthya klunzingeri is a species of soft coral in the family Nephtheidae.
Polychaetes, or marine bristle worms, have elongated bodies divided into many segments.
Hydroides is a genus of tube-forming serpulid worm found on submerged saltwater rocks, shells, and boats in many coastal areas around the world.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Its fossils have been found in the Lower Cambrian of South-Australia.
The species was described from Réunion Island, and is notable for developing one of five different mouth forms depending on available food sources.
The prevalence of Schistosoma spindale in the animals depend on the diagnostic test, employed.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Protulophila is a genus of symbiotic or commensal colonial Hydrozoa, known from very small hydroids.
They ranged in benthic waters across the globe from 508 to 461 million years ago, containing the following genera, among others:
The microworm has been used in genetic analysis studies, but not nearly as universally as its relative, Caenorhabditis elegans.
The whip fan, Eunicella albicans, also called the flagellar sea fan, is a species of gorgonian sea fan in the family Gorgoniidae.
It occurs on reefs in shallow waters in the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico, the Bahamas, Bermuda and southern Florida.
Didemnum vexillum, the carpet sea squirt, is a species of colonial tunicate in the family Didemnidae.
Condeellum is a genus of proturans in the family Protentomidae.
Some species of eunicids prey on coral.
Anguina australis is a plant pathogenic nematode, who is a vector for Rathayibacter toxicus in Ehrharta longiflora.
Commercial quarries extract E. kingii in prolific numbers, with just one commercial collector estimating 1.5 million specimens extracted in a 20-year career.
They are distinguished from other sea urchins by their irregular shape and the absence of a feeding lantern.
It is characterized by the swordlike extension from the front of the head.
Angiostrongyliasis is an infection of increasing public health importance as globalization contributes to the geographic spread of the disease.
Cnemidocarpa translucida Peres, 1951: synonym of Polycarpa translucida
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
They may also transmit important plant viruses.
There is one genus, Tetraplatia and two species.
Paraceraurus exsul is a species of trilobite that lived in the Ordovician period of Russia.
Many Saccoglossus can be found in coastal mud and sand habitat, often near bays.
Mesacanthus is an extinct genus of acanthodian fish from early Devonian Scotland.
Like its sibling species, it is epigeic, i.e.
Biologists are especially interested in Hydra because of their regenerative ability – they appear not to age or die of old age.
A characteristic of Nematoda is the one-way digestive tract, with a pseudocoelom.
3,5-Dihydroxy-4-isopropyl-trans-stilbene is a bacterial stilbenoid produced by the P. luminescens bacterial symbiont species of the entomopathogenic nematode, H. megidis.
Its eyes are only moderately enlarged and it has six or seven thorax segments.
Heterodrilus modestus is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm, first found in Belize, on the Caribbean side of Central America.
This species can easily be seen growing in lagoons or in inner reefs as either individuals or loose groups, but never as colonies.
It is native to the West Pacific from Australia to Japan, but has been introduced widely elsewhere.
Evoplosoma is a genus of deep-sea sea star in the family Goniasteridae.
Like other stubby-root nematodes, this species is microscopic, reaching up to 0.71 millimeters in length.
Myriacantherpestes is an extinct genus of spiny millipedes from the Pennsylvanian subperiod of the Carboniferous period, known from fossils in Europe and North America.
Anguillicoloides novaezelandiae is a parasitic nematode worm that lives in the swimbladders of eels, particularly Anguilla australiensis, Anguilla anguilla and Anguilla dieffenbachii.
Because the eggs may be indistinguishable from those of the hookworms, the species causing human helminthomas are rarely identified with accuracy.
Dalmaniturus is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Silurian in what is now western Mongolia.
Zoanthus is a genus of anthozoans in the family Zoanthidae.
Haldanodon exspectatus is an extinct mammaliaform, specifically a docodont.
Microfilariae are not sheathed, and measure 300-330 µm long and 6-7 µm wide.
An unspecified Monodontus has been recorded from the marsh rice rat in Florida.
Oceaniidae is one of fifty plus cnidarian families of the order Anthomedusae.
Guancha arabica is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Guancha from Oman.
They are commensal symbionts of sea urchins.
Inanidrilus bulbosus is a species of annelid worm.
Branching corals, such as staghorn corals, grow more rapidly, but are more vulnerable to storm damage.
It has a hooded rhopalia rather than open pits, unlike any other rhizostome.
Helobdella leeches called "H. robusta" in literature may not all be from the same species, though they are closely related.
Huhentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Hesperentomidae.
It came from the genus Abatus and lives in the sea.
The name Bucephalus, meaning "ox head", was originally applied to the genus Bucephalus because of the horn-like appearance of the forked tail of its cercaria larva.
The ring-tentacle anemone,, is a species of sea anemone in the family Isanthidae.
Fossils appear in various strata in Europe, North America and China.
Complete specimens have never reached the size of 7 cm predicted by the largest pygidium found.
Perophora namei is a sea squirt species in the genus Perophora found in Central Indo-Pacific.
Additionally, both pairs of legs on the 7th body segment of males are modified into gonopods.
This is a usually circular sponge up to 7 cm in diameter.
Several species of Pseudorhabdosynochus are pathogens of maricultured groupers.
Polyclinella is a genus of colonial sea squirts, tunicates in the family Polyclinidae.
Additionally, the worm will produce very small bioluminescent green particles that are dispersed into its mucous cloud, and glow for 1 to 2 seconds before fading.
It is native to the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico and is listed as "endangered" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
These fast-moving low-level epifaunal deposit feeders lived in the Cambrian and Ordovician periods, from 494.0 to 478.6 Ma.
The apical disk is monobasal, with a deep sunken typically sunken deep.
Angustolenellus is now regarded a junior synonym of Mesonacis.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 522 to 516 million years ago.
The generic name honors Alexander Makowsky for describing the first specimens of discosauriscids from the Boskovice Furrow, and the specific name means “broad” + “head”.
Dorsoventrally compressed; orbits face dorsally; widely splayed pectoral fins, with cornua common; no post-pectoral plates; plates ornamented with linear rows of tubercles; strictly benthonic?
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
It lived during the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period, approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
Abatus elongatus was first scientifically described in 1836 by Koehler.
It is rare, but has been found over a large area, and two-thirds of the regions of Indonesia.
Arkarua is known only from the Ediacaran beds of the Flinders Ranges in South Australia.
Misra at Mistaken Point, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, which has since become the Mistaken Point Ecological Reserve.
Anguina balsamophila is a plant pathogenic nematode in mules ear.
They may be a contrasting green or brown hue.
Muellerius capillaris, also known as hair lungworm, is nematode parasite of small ruminants.
It was named by Adrain and Edgecombe in 1995, and the type species is Aegrotocatellus jaggeri, a species named after British musician Mick Jagger.
Very little is known about this species, as there have been no confirmed sightings since its discovery in 1801 and naming by Haeckel in 1888.
It is found around the coasts of north west Europe.
The Oxyuridae used to be included here, but they rather seem to belong in the Spiruria.
Acuticryphops is a genus of trilobite that lived during the late Frasnian, particularly between the Lower and Upper Kellwasser horizons.
Bathypera is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Pyuridae.
Alcyonidium is a genus of bryozoans in the order Ctenostomatida.
Lamellibrachia luymesi provides the bacteria with hydrogen sulfide and oxygen by taking them up from the environment and binding them to a specialized hemoglobin molecule.
The 10 species constitute the platyrhacid subfamily Psammodesminae.
Aglyptorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
Heterodera humuli is a plant pathogenic nematode, the hop cyst nematode.
The triclads are characterized by triply branched intestine and anteriorly situated ovaries, next to the brain.
Brachyiulus bagnalli is a species of millipede in the genus Brachyiulus.
Montastraea is a genus of stony corals in the Montastraeidae family.
Aside from the hard-to-classify Arkarua, the first definitive members of the phylum appeared near the start of the Cambrian.
Xiphinema americanum is a plant pathogenic nematode.
Upon infection, the gaster, or bulbous hindmost region of the abdomen, resembles one of the many red berries found in tropical forest canopies.
Polychaetes, or marine bristle worms, have elongated bodies divided into many segments.
They are found worldwide because they can live and survive in a wide range of habitats.
Pseudampyxina, Nanshanaspis, and Kongqiangheia also have only 3 such segments, but all three lack the frontal spine that emanates from the glabellum of Taklamakania species.
Fossils of trilobozoans are restricted to marine strata of the Late Ediacaran period — prior to the Cambrian explosion of more modern life forms.
Drifa is a genus of soft corals in the family Alcyoniidae.
The jawed, toothed forms make up the aquatic Hirudidae and the terrestrial Haemadipsidae and Xerobdellidae.
Actinopeltis is an extinct genus of trilobite.
Kockurus is a problematic genus of Cambrian arthropod, known from the Czech republic, which bears some resemblance to the eurypterids, aglaspidids and chelicerates.
It is the type species for its genus.
Holothuria tubulosa, the cotton-spinner or tubular sea cucumber, is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae.
It infects cattle, bison, yak, reindeer, buffalo, moose, and sheep all over the world.
Paralejurus is a genus of trilobite from the Late Silurian to the Middle Devonian of Africa and Europe.
The taxonomic affinities of this groups are open to debate.
Ischnacanthus is an extinct genus of fish in the class Acanthodii.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
Aplidiopsis is a genus of colonial sea squirts, tunicates in the family Polyclinidae.
The disk, flat and edged with about 200 short tentacles, may grow to 15 centimetres across.
Members of the family are azooxanthellate, deep water species.
Cercyridae is a family of Maricola triclads.
Desmoxytes rhinoceros is an aposematic species of dragon millipede in the genus Desmoxytes.
The trunk consist of 11 rings where the first 9 rings are easily distinctly separable Ventral trunk densely covered with cilia.
Wuttagoonaspidae is a family of primitive arthrodire placoderms from Early Devonian China and Middle Devonian Australia.
The parasites give birth to live young nearly as big as themselves and at this time, a further generation is already growing inside the neonates.
Ophiotrichidae are a family of ophiurid brittle stars within the infraorder Gnathophiurina.
Onchocerca tubingensis is the name of a nematode.
The generic name honors Ramsay Heatley Traquair.
Scolopendra viridicornis is a species of centipede in the family Scolopendridae that can be found on Indo-Burma border where its venom is used for medicine.
It contains two species, B. biformis, and B. whittakerensis.
It comes in colors of red, yellow, orange, purple, and lavender.
Clathrina broenstedi is a species of sponge in the genus Clathrina from the Weddell Sea.
Chaetodiadema africanum is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae.
Fossils of the animal have been found in North America and Europe.
It is native to the western and central Indo-Pacific where it is usually found anchored to a hard surface in shallow water.
The brain sponge, Isodictya elastica is a species of marine demosponge in the family Isodictyidae.
Entelognathus primordialis is a placoderm from the late Ludlow epoch of Qujing, Yunnan, 419 million years ago.
Castanotheroides Chamberlin, 1921 – 3 species, Philippines
The specimens collected from these locations, identified as the ZPAL H.II series are in the collections of the Paleobiological Institute of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
Clavelina is genus of tunicates, containing the following species:
It everts its pharynx through the mouth and releases a digestive solution with proteolytic enzymes which dissolves the salmon skin.
A member of this group, Profallotaspis jakutensis, has long been the earliest known trilobite, but recently the redlichiid Lemdadella has been claimed as occurring even earlier.
The ventral surface of the flatworm is a pale buff colour while the dorsal surface is dark brown.
Turbinoliidae is a family of reef building stony corals.
The species is rated as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List, with a decreasing population.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago during the Cambrian Period.
The thorax reaches its greatest width at the 6th segment.
Caenopedina diomedeae was first scientifically described in 1939 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
A second species, A. dulciensis, is found from Middle Devonian freshwater strata from the Dulcie Sandstone of Georgina Basin, Central Australia.
The larvae feed on Dalechampia and Tragia species.
Ceriantheopsis is a genus of tube-dwelling anemones in the family Cerianthidae.
It is found in Europe, Cyprus and India and is considered an invasive species in the United States.
Montipora digitata, also known as finger coral, is a species of stony coral.
Stylasterias is a genus of starfish in the family Asteriidae.
Heterorhabditis zealandica is a nematode species in the genus Heterorhabditis.
Hippasteria phrygiana is a sea star species, member of the Goniasteridae family.
It is a common species of rocky subtidal and intertidal habitats in the far north of North Island, New Zealand.
Eyes are distant from the axis of the head, situated nearer to the edge.
It was found in Gobiusculus flavescens in European coastal waters.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
It has also been proposed that strains of T. britovi are isolated to both African and European populations.
The species is named after Norwegian helminthologist Fridtjof Nansen.
The females cannot be distinguished from those of the other species in the marsh rice rat, H. forresteri and H. musculi.
Curriella is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Silurian in what is now Scotland.
Quasipetalichthyidae is a family of primitive petalichthyid placoderms from Givetian-aged marine strata of Yunnan, China, and possibly Vietnam.
It is unsure exactly what this species constitutes as the type and only known specimen is lost.
They typically have a length of 8–12 cm, but can reach up to 20 cm.
Guancha gracilis is a species of calcareous sponges from northern California.
Cirratulus cirratus is a species of marine polycheate worm in the family Cirratulidae.
Acastocephala is a genus of trilobite from the middle Silurian, known from the United Kingdom.
Owing to the gastropod-like shape of Rotularia, many authors in the past interpreted this genus as being sea snails in the family Vermetidae.
The taxon is recognized as the informal Paracimexomys group and the superfamilies Djadochtatherioidea, Taeniolabidoidea, and Ptilodontoidea.
Trimerocephalus is a genus of eyeless trilobites from the order Phacopida, family Phacopidae.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Antrechinus nordenskjoldi was first scientifically described in 1905 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
Gastrotrichs mature with great rapidity and have lifespans of only a few days.
To date, the only preserved Venyukoviamorpha post-cranial remains are associated with the later Suminia fossil.
These phyla are Placozoa, Orthonectida, and Rhombozoa.
Two species are known cave-dwellers, and, like other troglomorphic animals are translucent from loss of pigment.
In the male, the left spicule ends with a shoe-like form, not with a tapered, rounded end as in S. thapari.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Anthostella is a small genus of sea anemones in the family Actiniidae.
The genus was named after the marine biologist and sea spider specialist Joel Hedgpeth.
Archispirostreptus gigas, the giant African millipede, is one of the largest millipedes, growing up to 38.5 centimetres in length, 67 millimetres in circumference.
They are externally covered with transverse ridges.
Some species, including Spongia officinalis, are used as cleaning tools, but have mostly been replaced in that use by synthetic or plant material.
Odhneria odhneri is a digenean parasite in the genus Odhneria of family Microphallidae.
Lithotelestidae is a family of coral in the order Coenothecalia originally described in 1977 by Frederick Bayer and Katherine Muzik.
Phyllolepididae is one of two families of phyllolepid placoderms.
Intact fossil specimens of B. elegans suggest the living animal reached a length of up to 10.0 cm, and was an active swimmer.
Acerentuloides is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
Enosuchus is an extinct genus of Reptiliomorpha from Russia during the middle Permian.
It can reach 47 cm in standard length, though most do not exceed 37.5 cm.
Its fossils has been found in sandstones of the Kanies and Kliphoek Members of the Dabis Formation, Namibia.
The two living clades with representative organisms are:
D. elegans differs from all other selenosteids in the structure of its gnathal plates, which are comparatively large, and have long teeth-like prongs.
Asteropyge is an extinct genus of trilobite.
Acentrophorus is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish from the Permian and Triassic periods.
Mucus and dissolved skin are then sucked into the gut.
Melonechinus is an extinct genus of echinoid that lived in the Carboniferous.
Rhadinorhynchidae is a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.
There are only two species, both found in fairly deep waters in the Sea of Okhotsk.
The species can be found in the eastern United States, in a region stretching from Maryland to Illinois to Texas.
Paracongroides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene period.
It lives within a narrow conical tube made of grains of sand and shell fragments.
Mussa is a genus of stony coral in the family Mussidae, commonly known as flower corals.
January, February, and March function as the typical active reproductive months for the species.
It was described by Reed in 1915, and the type species is Encrinurella insangensis, which was originally described under the genus Pliomera by Reed in 1906.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Some are dorso-ventrally flattened so as to be slightly depressed.
The term for infestation with Fasciolopsis is fasciolopsiasis.
It was an ankylosaur around 9 meters long, which is long for an ankylosaur.
Aleosteus eganensis is an extinct arthrodire placoderm fish.
Caymanostellidae is a family of sea stars containing six species in two families.
These sponges have a skeleton consisting of dense bundles of spicules occurring in a more or less random pattern.
Oweniidae is a family of marine polychaete worms in the suborder Sabellida.
About 20 species are in this family, including the well-known lion's-mane jellyfish.
Pristiosomus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
Many works are still using incorrectly the old genus for some Girardia species, mainly for Girardia dorotocephala and Girardia tigrina.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Rhynchonelliformea is the name now given to the articulate brachiopods, Class Articulata, revised as a subphylum.
It is found in the seas off northwest Europe and the east and west coasts of North America.
Once inside the copepod, the larvae molt several times.
Heterostigma is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Pyuridae.
Phytobdella catenifera is a large terrestrial leech found in Peninsular Malaysia.
Complete specimens were found in Lower Cambrian strata of the White Mountains of California.
They may share areas with mussel beds and are found in any place that provides some shelter, such as rock faces, overhanging ledges and concave shorelines.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
The family currently contains 3 genera Erpobdella, Dina and Motobdella.
Ophiolepididae are a family of brittle stars of the suborder Ophiurina.
A Suminia fossil revealed a long-tailed animal by therapsid standards.
Neobenedenia is a genus of monopisthocotylean monogenean flatworm parasites.
The male pores are near the tips of these claspers, and they are furnished with genital chaetae and sucker-like structures.
It inhabits isolated areas on sandy bottoms below the low tide level down to a depth of 5,000 feet.
Along with some fellow tritylodonts, Bienotheroides is one of only a few non-mammalian synapsids to survive the Triassic-Jurassic extinction event.
Caribisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
Myrmeconema neotropicum is a new genus and species of parasitic tetradonematid nematode that apparently induces fruit mimicry in the tropical ant.
Hirudobdella antipodum is a terrestrial leech found only on the Open Bay Islands in New Zealand.
Hawaiian gold coral is a rare, extremely long-lived deep-sea coral found on seamounts near Hawaii.
This soft-textured sponge is very bright yellow outside and in with the surface covered in small papillae, some with pores, some without.
Articulate brachiopods are those with hard, articulated shells with a simple set of opening and closing muscles.
Goniasteridae are the largest family of sea stars, included in the ordo Valvatida.
It is an endoparasite of the mummichog, Fundulus heteroclitus, a small fish found in brackish water along the east coast of the United States and Canada.
Profilicollis parasites infect decapod crustaceans, usually shore crabs, as intermediate hosts, and use many species of shorebirds as definitive hosts.
Ammagnostidae is a family of trilobites in the suborder Agnostina, small, eyeless, isopygous trilobites with a thorax consisting of 2 segments only.
It was described from the Tremadoc erratic in Hérault.
Breynia vredenburgi is a species of sea urchins of the Family Loveniidae.
Specimens captured in plankton nets suggest that it may live as deep as 1,000 to 2,000 metres and occasionally deeper.
Caleidocrinus is a genus of sea lily that lived during the Middle and early Upper Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic and Wales.
Lyracystis radiata is a Cambrian eocrinoid echinoderm known from the Burgess Shale.
Rankinian is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Santonian to the Campanian.
However, there are large fangs in the front of the mouth, presumably used in hunting.
This "refers to the different 'skins' of female and cyst."
Kiaeria is an extinct genus of xiphosuran of the monotypic family Kiaeriidae.
It is the only species in the genus Amplexidiscus.
Several species are found throughout the world today, having been widely introduced via agriculture.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
Lingula lives in burrows in barren sandy coastal seafloor and feeds by filtering detritus from the water.
It is known from poorly oxygenated intertidal and subtidal carbonate sands in Belize and Bermuda.
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
The Daguinaspididae is family of early Cambrian trilobites found in Morocco, Ukraine, and Siberia.
It grows in shallow water on reef slopes, particularly back-reef slopes, at depths down to about 25 metres.
Structural comparison of the muscles and morphology indicate that the animal is a cnidarian, though, which class H. quadriformis belongs to is currently undetermined.
Doratogonus is a genus of millipedes in family Spirostreptidae.
It has similarity to Burykhia from Ediacaran siliciclastic sediments exposed on the Syuzma River of northern Russia.
Being stung commonly results in excruciating pain, and if the sting area is significant, an untreated victim may die in two to five minutes.
Perirehaedulus richardsi is a species of trilobites named after British musician Keith Richards.
It can be found offshore of Indonesia, Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, the Samoan Islands, and the Solomon Islands.
On average, P. sigillum had at least 5 pairs of segments, with each unit becoming progressively larger as they approach the cephalon-like head.
Each had three unusually large tube feet at the margin of the dome.
Agelas clathrodes, also known as the orange elephant ear sponge, is a species of demosponge.
The animal becomes female if the cranial part of the gonad develops or male if the caudal part undergoes differentiation.
It is a typical member of the group Aglaspidida.
Tubes are devoid of septa and vesicles in the adult part and are not spirally coiled.
Otekmaspis is an extinct genus from a well known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The strawberry anemone is an Anthozoan of the order Actiniaria, a sea anemone, that occurs from Norway to Africa, including adjacent islands and the Mediterranean.
It was named after ichthyologist Ida May Mellen, who worked at the New York Aquarium from 1916 to 1929.
As placoderms, they were members of the earliest known vertebrates to possess jaws, though they had grinding plates rather than teeth.
Didemnum proliferum is a rare species of sea squirt in the family Didemnidae.
Zhangshania is an extinct genus of redlichiid trilobite.
Pseudorhabdosynochus vascellum is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of the Scamp, Mycteroperca phenax.
Dalmanitidae is a family of trilobites in the order Phacopida that lived from the Floian to the Silurian and includes 33 genera.
Eupolybothrus is a genus of centipedes in the family Lithobiidae.
The harvested product is variously referred to as trepang, bêche-de-mer or balate.
This species can form massive dome-shaped colonies of great size.
Perophoridae is a sea squirts family in the suborder Phlebobranchia.
This is a common species of coral but it seems to be decreasing in abundance.
It is threatened by invasive plant species and bush fires.
The thorax has 11 or 12 segments, with the axis slightly wider than the ribs to its sides.
Cyathaspidida is a taxon of extinct cyathaspidiform heterostracan agnathans whose fossils are found in Silurian to Lower Devonian marine strata of Europe and North America.
It is found in shallow water in the Bahamas, the Caribbean, and Brazil.
Borojevia cerebrum is a species of sponge in the genus Borojevia from the Mediterranean.
Eventually, the larvae end up in the stomachs of carnivores, usually cats and dogs.
By surviving harsh winters, they can survive in cold climates.
The Mesozoa are enigmatic, minuscule, worm-like parasites of marine invertebrates.
There are currently three genera included in this family and each of them is monotypic.
The outer layer is very dark brown, contrasting with a much paler yellow or orange interior.
The type locality was the Bohdalee Formation.
Goniastrea australensis, the lesser star coral, is a species of stony corals in the Merulinidae family.
The species name is in honor of Hans-Peter Schultze.
They are creamy or pale grey in colour.
Head and body length 7.5 to over 16 cm.
Jangudaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The subclass Librostoma was erected in 1990 by Richard Fortey to cover the various orders originally placed within Ptychopariida.
Gorgonia ventalina, the purple sea fan, is a species of sea fan, an octocoral in the family Anthothelidae.
Clavelina picta, common name the painted tunicate, is a species of tunicate, in the genus Clavelina.
Xiphinema bakeri is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting caneberries.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Currently about 657 species assigned to 99 genera are included.
Schagonaria is a genus of trilobite, an extinct group of marine arthropods.
At least 25 species are known to parasitize mosquito larvae, making them of considerable interest in biological control.
Typically found in the gastrointestinal tract of their definitive host, telorchids attach to the wall of the intestinal tract with their oral sucker.
Pentazonia is a taxonomic infraclass of millipedes containing the pill-millipedes which can roll into a ball and the order Glomeridesmida which cannot.
Tariccoia looks like a large, soft agnostid trilobite.
Deltoblastus is a genus of blastoid echinoderms that lived in the Permian.
Aphelenchoididea is a nematode super family in the order Aphelenchida.
Astrosarkus idipi is a species of sea stars in the family Oreasteridae.
The body of "Yukonaspis," Traquairaspis angusta, is greatly elongated, based on the holotype of a ventral plate.
Brisaster fragilis was first scientifically described in 1844 by Düben & Koren.
Brooksella alternata was first described in 1896 by Charles Walcott, who believed them to be medusoid body fossils of cnidarians.
Holdenius is an extinct genus of arthrodire placoderm fish which lived during the Late Devonian period.
Conopeum seurati is a species of colonial bryozoan in the order Cheilostomata.
Ushbaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The Stomachetosellidae is a family within the bryozoan order Cheilostomata.
These are small rounded sponges with a bristly surface bearing one or more raised openings.
Its fossils are found in Middle Ordovician-aged marine strata in New York State, United States, and in Ontario, Canada.
They are usually irradiated to kill bacteria and prevent pupation as the moth is an invasive species.
It is found in the northwestern Pacific Ocean, and was first described in 1818 by the German naturalist and explorer Wilhelm Gottlieb Tilesius von Tilenau.
These fast-moving nektonic carnivores lived during the Jurassic period, Oxfordian age.
Syringopora is an extinct genus of phaceloid tabulate coral.
Rinconia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
So far, species of Echinoplectanum have been recorded only from fish caught off Australia, New Caledonia and in the Mediterranean Sea.
It is an ectoparasite, attacking the plant externally rather than entering its tissues.
They are used as an index fossil in the Ordovician.
Cyclops varius is a species of copepod from the Cyclopidae family.
It is commonly known as the sand star or the sand sifting star but these names are also applied to starfish in the genus Astropecten.
Acimetopus is a genus of trilobites that lived during the Botomian stage.
It is native to the north eastern Atlantic Ocean and the North Sea.
It has become established in a wide variety of habitats.
Casterolimulus is an extinct genus of xiphosuran.
Ascidia is a genus of tunicates in the family Ascidiidae.
Thelazioidea is a superfamily of spirurian nematodes in the large order Spirurida.
The species is named after the presence of tetrapods, the only Clathrinid sponge known to possess such spicules.
Argopatagus planus was first scientifically described in 1907 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz and Hubert Lyman Clark, American scientists.
It might be in fact a species complex.
Mesorhabditis acidophila is a species of nematode that has been discovered by Borgonie et al.
It is found on the seabed in shallow parts of the Indo-Pacific region.
Pomphorhynchidae is a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.
It is closely related to H. gingivalis, but more closely related to certain unnamed species of the genus.
Polyps can be seen only at night.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
It is a member of the extinct group Trilobozoa.
These slow-moving low-level epifaunal grazers lived from the Cretaceous to the Paleogene periods.
Xiphinema rivesi is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting caneberries and fruit trees.
Because the fossil had no teeth, teeth-like structures, nor suggestions of either in its mouth, it was not carnivorous like many modern lampreys.
This coral lives in shallow reef environments.
Siebold believed that the adult bucephalid he named Gasterostomum fimbriatum represented an adult form of the same bucephalid, but this identity has never been proved.
It is not common and found over a large area and is classified under CITES Appendix II.
Archaeomaene tenuis is an extinct species of Late Jurassic archaeomaenid bony fish from the Talbragar River beds.
The type locality was described as "New Holland".
The Japanese common name is Japanese: sen-no-kamikiri.
Anethoporus is a genus of spirostreptid millipedes native to northern South America, where they range from Peru to the islands of Trinidad and Tobago.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
The Onchocercidae are a family of nematodes in the superfamily Filarioidea.
It is found in the western central Pacific ocean.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
The medusae possess multiple lobes called lappets at the bell margin.
Caenopedina mirabilis is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae.
Polychaetes Spirorbisspecies act as invertebrate hosts of G. atlantica.
Denison synonymizes the genera Ottonosteus and Walterosteus with Enseosteus, claiming that the two genera are too similar to Enseosteus to merit separate genus status.
The snakelocks anemone is a sea anemone found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean to the Mediterranean Sea.
Mundocephalina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
P. crucifer exhibits a high degree of colour variability, ranging from sandy or buff to dull green or even red.
Bristolia is an extinct genus of trilobite, fossil marine arthropods, with eight or more small to average size species.
Its scientific name refers to the fact that the armor is composed of hundreds of tiny scales with serrated edges.
Kohjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
L. variegatus can be distinguished from its close relative Lithobius forficatus by the presence of conspicuous purple or brown rings around its legs.
Boreolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Homophyton is a genus of corals in the family Anthothelidae.
It causes the disease canine angiostrongylosis in dogs.
Aporocidaris usarpi was first scientifically described in 2000 by Mooi, David, Fell & Choné.
A disturbed Orthoporus ornatus may curl into a coil and release a toxic substance that is located on all sides of its body.
Skrjabingylus nasicola is a species of parasitic nematode in the family Metastrongylidae.
Harpaphe haydeniana is a species of polydesmidan millipede found in the moist forests along the Pacific coast of North America, from Southeast Alaska to California.
Manchurocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Kadyella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It is found in many temperate and cold seas world-wide but is absent from the tropics.
Sphaeropoeus Brandt, 1833 – 22 species, N. India, Myanmar, Malayan Peninsula, Java, Sumatra, Borneo
Similar sets of muscles line the gut, and their actions move the digesting food toward the worm's anus.
It consists of four families, one of which contains the human pinworm.
Hippocampus tyro is a seahorse, a fish in the Syngnathidae family.
It is the only species in the Reynoldsonia genus.
By forming a protective cyst and lowering its metabolic rate, T. tubifex can survive drought and food shortage.
The species name comes from an Aboriginal word, battiri, meaning "rough".
Brugia malayi is a nematode, one of the three causative agents of lymphatic filariasis in humans.
In their intermediate hosts, which include mollusks and at least one amphibian, they occur as asexually reproducing stages.
The animal family Almidae includes about six genera of segmented worms.
T. crassiceps begins its life in the intestines of wild canines, like a wolf.
He described it as "Sponge green, encrusting, smooth, moderately elastic, not crumbling."
It injects saliva, which hardens into a hollow tube, and it uses this like a drinking straw to withdraw the contents of the plant cells.
A new species, V. yushanensis, was described from the late Ordovician of China by Dong-Chan Lee in 2012.
Plectaster decanus, the mosaic sea star, is a species of sea star found off the south coast of Australia.
Namiella is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Molgulidae.
Anoplocephala is a genus of tapeworms in the family Anoplocephalidae named in 1848 by Blanchard.
Individual polyps have eight feathery tentacles and, in the gastrovascular cavity, eight septa, or partitions.
Spiraculata is an order of Blastoids containing at least one genus.
Geoplana is a genus of land planarians from South America.
Campodea silvestrii is a species of dipluran in the genus Campodea.
Living representatives are the Myxini, Hyperoartia, and the much more numerous Gnathostomata.
It is only known from the Papanui Submarine Canyon off Dunedin, South Island, New Zealand.
The generic name is derived from that of the type species' author.
Members of this family are found in shallow tropical and sub-tropical seas.
Three years later, Denton and Kissinger placed the two, together with a number of other species, in a new subgenus of Lyperosomum, Sinuosoides.
A. hunsrueckiana is approximately 400 million years old and shows 8 clearly recognizable comb rows with comb plates.
The stalked trumpet jelly, Depastromorpha africana, is a species of stalked jellyfish in the small family Depastridae.
It moves around the root, leaving old tubes in place and creating new ones.
The species was described by Franz Eilhard Schulze in 1904 from specimens collected by the German Deep Sea Expedition in 1898-1899.
It is a relatively thin nematode, and like other worms within its class, it has no circulatory or respiratory system.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
It contains two species, A. espejensis, and A. legrandi.
Bathyuriscellus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The chemicals involved in repelling predators have been extracted and identified as the metabolite and sesterterpene variabilin, and its isomer strobilin.
Antygomonidae is a family of marine invertebrates known as mud dragons, belonging to the Kinorhyncha.
Pachyiulus cattarensis is a species of millipede from Julidae family that can be found in Bulgaria, Greece and all states of former Yugoslavia.
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Most feed on diatoms and other algaes.
Anoplocephala perfoliata is the most common intestinal tapeworm of horses, and an agent responsible for some cases of equine colic.
Tubes have thin walls and a smooth lumen.
The type locality was the Tretaspis Shale Formation in Scania.
Caryophyllia is a genus of solitary corals in the family Caryophylliidae.
Presently the only known host species is Cephalotes atratus, a South American ant with a black abdomen.
Cnemidocarpa digonas Monniot C. & Monniot F., 1968
Symphylurinus is a genus of diplurans in the family Projapygidae.
Found in tropical, shallow reefs sheltered from the waves in a marine environment, it is found at depths of 10 to 25 m on reef slopes.
The green-banded broodsac, scientific name Leucochloridium paradoxum, is a parasitic flatworm that uses gastropods as an intermediate host.
There, it was one of the most prevalent parasites in the marsh rice rat and used C. sapidus as an intermediate host.
Elaeophora schneideri is a nematode which infests several mammalian hosts in North America.
It has a central and a peripheral nervous system.
The World Asteroidea Database includes these genera in this family: 
The terminal mouths are small for rockfish.
Loa Loa is commonly found in Africa and India.
The genus is named after sponge researcher Radovan Borojevic.
Illaenus is a genus of trilobites from Russia and Morocco, from the middle Ordovician.
Other differences include changes in vulval precursor competence and the placement of the excretory duct opening.
Stylaster is a genus of hydroids in the family Stylasteridae.
C. elegans is an unsegmented pseudocoelomate, and lacks a respiratory and a circulatory system.
Amphipneustes lorioli was first scientifically described in 1901 by Koehler.
Podolinella is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
There are no known cases of human infection by the Rickettsia bacteria carried by N. salmincola.
Spratt in 1979 from a swamp wallaby in New South Wales.
Llanoaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
They are small or very small, and have a thorax of two or three segments.
It may be transferred to the family Plectonemertidae.
It is a very typical of cestode with striking resemblance to other species of Raillietina.
It is transparent and of small size, and is part of the intertidal sand meiofauna of the Adriatic Sea.
Bothropolys is a centipede genus in the family Lithobiidae of the order Lithobiomorpha.
The symptoms are variable, and depend on the location and number of larvae.
These appear to grow in rows which are inserted between existing rows of ocelli.
It can be found in temperate intertidal marine communities from geographically widespread sites around the southern hemisphere.
Superfamilies and families in the suborder Enthemonae include:
Fossil of this species have been found in the Pliocene of California, about 5 Mya.
Helicotylenchus is a genus of nematodes in the family Hoplolaimidae.
It may be the strangest species of its kind, as it looks like a jellyfish and is the only pelagic echinoderm known to date.
It is commonly called the "southern root-knot nematode'" or the "cotton root-knot nematode".
It ranges from North America to Europe and Asia.
Members of the family include symbiotic algae called Zooxanthellae in their tissues which help provide their energy requirements.
C. aerophila usually causes only minor clinical symptoms, such as irritation of the respiratory tract and coughing.
Like all ascidians, these sessile animals are filter feeders.
Blood samples can also be tested using antibody reaction of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
It is native to the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
She was transferred to the Netherlands in 1943 and renamed Prinses Margriet.
Prosellodrilus amplisetosus is a species of earthworm native to Aquitaine in south-western France; it has also been introduced to a site in County Louth, Ireland.
Pratylenchus is a genus of nematodes known commonly as lesion nematodes.
Solanocrinus thiollieri is an extinct species of crinoids from Jura, France.
Pseudoboletia maculata is a species of sea urchin.
These leeches are generally flattened, and have a poorly defined anterior sucker.
Termieraspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
some of which have been removed from other taxa where originally placed.
Calyptaulax is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Quebec, Canada.
The encrusting turret sponge, Haliclona stilensis, is a species of demosponge,.
It is found in the Pacific Ocean around Australia and New Zealand.
Only one genus, Apolemia, is accepted in this family.
It is found on reefs in very shallow parts of the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
The taxon was established as a monophyletic group based on molecular evidence.
Lordshillia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Perspicaris is a fossil arthropod from the Cambrian period.
This unique animal is currently believed to represent a "transitional organism", with physical and behavioral characteristics of both benthic and pelagic organisms.
It is only known from Champasak and Sekong Provinces in southern Laos.
Dienstina is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany.
Griphasaphus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Parechelus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Eocene.
Proteomyrus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
Euhaplorchis californiensis is a trophically transmitted parasite that lives in the salt-water marshes of Southern California.
Suberites ficus is a species of sponge in the family Suberitidae.
Dimarcusidae is a family of triclads found mostly in freshwater habitats of caves, although at least one species, Rhodax evelinae, occurs in surface waters.
Originally interpreted as a hexactinellid sponge, the organism also bears some coelomate characteristics, including bilateral symmetry.
It is pale brown in colour but appears white in strong light due to the dense skeleton.
Brissopsis luzonica is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae.
One species, Amphibiobeania epiphylla, is the only known amphibious bryozoan known as of 2008/09.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Urjungaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Comactinia is a genus of crinoids, characteristically with 10 arms, belonging to the family Comasteridae.
The Dendrophylliidae are a family of stony corals.
It has a headshield wider than the tailshield, and in between them three thoracic body segments.
The fossil genus Batostoma in the order Trepostomatida existed in monticular colonies.
Entomobryoidea is also the old name of Entomobryomorpha, when these were placed in the "Arthropleona"
Myriothelidae Hincks, 1868 and Symplectaneidae Fraser, 1941 are now accepted as synonyms of this family.
It is known only from Weza Forest, a Mistbelt Forest in South Africa.
In India it is known as "cheena attai" or "raja attai".
Some common names include gold-speckled flatworm, marine flatworm, yellow papillae flatworm, yellow-spotted flatworm, and yellow-spotted polyclad flatworm.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Old literature, and sometimes modern medical literature, use Capillaria as a genus for species included in all these genera.
Labidiaster annulatus is a species of starfish in the family Heliasteridae.
They lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
It is dated to Cambrian Stage 3 and belongs to late Early Cambrian strata.
It forms part of a biodiverse community of rock encrusting organisms and is often parasitised by a barnacle.
It can be found from depths of 5–25 m.
When touched it releases a strongly smelling, reddish juice, which instantaneously makes all the fish flee away.
Rolfosteus canningensis is an extinct species of arthrodire placoderm from the late Devonian of the Gogo Formation of Western Australia.
It is sometimes known as the blue seastar or tan starfish, but both these names are also used for other species.
Cnemidocarpa peruviana Millar, 1970: synonym of Dicarpa pacifica Millar, 1964
Stolonica socialis is a species of tunicate or sea squirt in the family Styelidae.
Acanthoisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
Colonies are encrusting on shells and rocks or upright bilaminar branches or sheets.
The name Trichocephalus is sometimes used for this genus.
Gavinaspis is a phyllolepid placoderm which lived during the Early Devonian period, of Qujing, Yunnan province, south China.
In some species fertilized eggs are released which settle directly onto the substrate and develop in situ.
The male is smaller than the female.
Their species can be found sporadically in caves, groundwater, and deep lakes in Central Asia, Far East and North America.
Parazoanthus axinellae, the yellow cluster anemone is a zoanthid coral found on the southern Atlantic coasts of Europe and in the Mediterranean Sea.
Mesonacis is an extinct genus of trilobite that lived during the Botomian, found in North-America, and the United Kingdom.
It is not usually a targeted species but can be caught when fishing for other species, especially its congener the largemouth bass.
The Entomobryomorpha, by contrast, contain the slimmest springtails.
The anterior pharyx and "collar", carry tiny sepia-colored teeth.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
Telorchiidae is a family of trematode parasites.
It lived during the Upper Cambrian in what are today Canada and the United States.
Ceratocephala is a trilobite genus in the family Odontopleuridae.
It bears strong similarity to the graptolites - indeed for some time it was misclassified as a dendroid graptolite.
The species was first described by F.E.
Their shells lack vesicular wall structure and have a smooth lumen.
Leptoclinides cucurbitus is an Ascidiacea from the family Didemnidae.
Boltenia coarcta Gould, 1852: synonym of Pyura legumen
Pratylenchus fallax is a plant pathogenic nematode .
Rotylenchulus reniformis, the reniform nematode, is a species of parasitic nematode of plants with a worldwide distribution in the tropical and subtropical regions.
The species was first described in 1766 by the German naturalist Peter Simon Pallas.
They make an important contribution to marine snow, since Oikopleura is abundant and is a very active filterer, using powerful strokes of its tail.
It prefers rock outcrops in open grassland and feeds on small arthropods, especially beetles.
Crotalocephalides is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany.
About a dozen species have been described, all native to Central America, occurring from Nicaragua to Panama.
This coral is found in the west and central Indo-Pacific region.
The female has a globe-shaped body with a thick, lacy cuticle.
It causes damage to carrot crops and is very specific in its choice of hosts, only infecting Daucus carota and Daucus pulcherrima.
Macrenteron is a genus of colonial sea squirts, tunicates in the family Polyclinidae.
Centrocestus formosanus is a trematode parasite of Asian origin that has found its way into North American streams and rivers.
Later, similarly shaped fossils were found, and identified as those of a crinoid, and named "Dinocrinus."
Kourerpeton was named in 1976, with the type and only species being K. bradyi.
Palastericus is an extinct genus of sea star from the Devonian.
The scientific name of the species was first published and made valid by Kott in 2004.
It is common in the Caribbean and Bahamas, and occasional in Florida.
It is also found in Palau and the Mariana Islands.
Suevoleviathan is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur, found in the Early Jurassic, Toarcian, of Holzmaden, Germany.
Illaenus crassicauda is a species of trilobites belonging to the family Illaenidae.
Rhynchodemini is a tribe of land planarians in the subfamily Rhynchodeminae.
Reteocrinus is an extinct genus of sea lily that lived in the Middle to Late Ordovician.
Polychaetes, or marine bristle worms, have elongated bodies divided into many segments.
Its fossils have been discovered in Scotland.
Members of the family include symbiotic algae called zooxanthellae in their tissues which help provide their energy requirements.
They are characterized by elongated and undercut hypostome that creates an indention superior to the gastric cavity.
Neobaculentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
The entire skeleton, however, has an unusual blue color and therefore the species is commonly exploited for decorative uses.
The average adult size is around 50 mm, but it has been recorded at a diameter of 87 mm.
A single specimens of Petaloptyon are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed, where they comprise under 0.01% of the community.
Eocarcinosoma is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.
He identified the worm as Skrjabinoclava thapari, a species originally described from crab-eating raccoons in Brazil.
They can be found in the Mediterranean in large numbers.
They eat decaying vegetation, and are found throughout the North Island and northern South Island of New Zealand.
Originally assigned to the living genus Limulus, they are related to and look virtually identical to the modern horseshoe crab.
This genus is unique for its sculptured, ornamented dorsum, and elaborate paranota.
It was described as new to science by D.M.
Several species have only recently been discovered and some have yet to be officially described.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Halocynthia vanhoffeni Michaelsen, 1904: synonym of Pyura stolonifera
The type species is Anoplocephala perfoliata, which was originally described as Taenia perfoliata.
The quantity of venom one Irukandji jellyfish carries is enough to kill 60 people.
Ctenella chagius is a species of stony coral in the family Meandrinidae.
Brissopsis paralella was first scientifically described in 1914 by Koehler.
The only part of the animal that is normally visible is the oral disc and tentacles which lie flat on the sand in a star shape.
And as typical for selenosteids, S. brevis had weak gnathal plates.
Olavius vacuus is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm, first found in Belize, on the Caribbean side of Central America.
The name refers to the clear, bright surface of the sponge.
It is found in subtidal areas of the western coast of North America from Vancouver Island to Baja, California.
Chirothrix is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish that lived during the Santonian.
P. falcatus is in fact a junior synonym of P. recurvus.
The Nausithoidae are a family of jellyfish.
Swima bombiviridis is a worm species that lives in the deep ocean.
Nematostella vectensis Stephenson, 1935 – starlet sea anemone
The compound eyes are typically reduced to small tubercles, though they have strong ridges stretching to the glabella.
Milnesium reductum is a species of Eutardigrades in the family Milnesiidae.
It is a relatively large leech and is commonly used as bait by anglers for walleye and other sport fish.
Oncagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now Shandong, China.
Spirostreptidae is a family of millipedes in the order Spirostreptida.
Lamontopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.
Cordulegaster maculata, also known as the twin-spotted spiketail, is a dragonfly of the family Cordulegastridae.
Polyadenum is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
Members of this taxon are characterised by having separate polyps budding off an encrusting horizontal, branching stolon.
They are gutless and live in the interstitial of tropical and subtropical seas.
Thirteen pairs of symmetrically arranged gonads have been identified, as have possible gill slits.
This gives them a fin- or wing-like appearance.
Paramuricea is a genus of gorgonian-type octocorals in the family Plexauridae.
The top of the coral disc has a "large smooth axial area" and shorter septa.
Their shells have vesicular wall structure, and are both externally and internally annulated.
They are found in water less than 20 metres deep and favour turbid sites.
Eleutherobia is a genus of soft corals in the family Alcyoniidae.
They have a U-shaped gut, and their anus is located next to the mouth.
Eoproetus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Paratermierella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Chaetodiadema granulatum was first scientifically described in 1903 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
The worm has a segmented body, but the middle segments are highly inflated, giving the animal a round shape.
The genus belongs to the Holasteridae family.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
Calliactis parasitica is a species of sea anemone associated with hermit crabs.
Oncopoda is a hypothetical group of animals comprising the Onychophora, Tardigrada and Pentastomida.
It belongs to from the genus Ammotrophus and lives in the seas off southern Australia.
It also contains the species B. sphaericeps, originally described by Kozlowski, also in 1923, as Dereimsia sphaericeps.
It is a commercially important aspidochirote sea cucumber that can reach a total length of 50 cm.
Its range includes the Mediterranean Sea and eastern Atlantic Ocean.
Cassidulus mitis is a species of sea urchins of the Family Cassidulidae.
Until 1991 Schmidtea was considered a Dugesia subgenus, then it was upgraded to the genus rank.
It is common, listed on Appendix II of CITES, and is found over a large range.
They lived in the Silurian period in the upper Ludlow epoch, from 422.9 ± 1.5 to 418.7 ± 2.8 million years ago.
Fish may then eat the infested copepod.
The exoskeleton is ornamented with tiny rounded tubercles.
Amynthas is a genus of earthworms in the family Lumbricidae.
Members of the family Actiniidae have one tentacle per space.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
The inner dorso-lateral surface of the arms contain characteristic longitudinal muscle bands.
Red Tree Corals are listed as Habitat Areas of Particular Concern.
Named species include Danoceras ravni, type, D. inutile, and D. scandinavicum
As parasites, they can be extremely numerous, up to several thousand on an individual fish.
It is found in shallow parts of the northeast Atlantic Ocean and in the North Sea and the Mediterranean Sea.
The earliest occurrences of the genus in the fossil record are from the Late Cretaceous of Madagascar and India.
Amphiura chiajei is a species of brittle star belonging to the family Amphiuridae.
It was described from the Killey Bridge Formation.
It comprises many species, most of which are marine.
The order includes such species as Cliona celata and some members of the order are a targeted prey for hawksbill turtles.
The type-species of the genus is Calydiscoides australis Young, 1969.
Y. toyensis was originally collected from profundal parts of Lake Toya, Hokkaido, and is among the shortest of the lumbriculids.
Inanidrilus bonomii is a species of annelid worm.
Zuninaspis is an extinct genus of trilobite arthropod.
Holothuria spinifera, the brown sandfish, is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae.
Neoechinorhynchidae is a family of parasitic worms from the order Neoechinorhynchida.
Fewer than ten fossils of Plumulites have been found.
Antillesoma was described in 1973 by Stephen and Edmonds.
Others live permanently in tubes, either calcareous or parchment-like, and these are known as "sedentary".
The six species are distinguished primarily by differences in gonopod structure, and to a lesser extent, body size.
Although it is superficially similar to a jellyfish, each apparent individual is actually a colony of hydrozoan polyps.
Lanthanosuchus is an extinct genus of parareptile from the Late Permian.
novaezelandiae is much shorter in males and between 10 and 31 millimetres in gravid females) and wider in gravid females).
Caenopedina porphyrogigas is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae.
Diplocardia is a genus of North American earthworms with 52-57 known species that is remarkably similar to Australian Diplotrema Spencer, 1900.
The genus was originally erected on the basis of "an imperfect" paranuchal, though, more specimens were found, eventually leading "Taemasosteidae" to be subsumed into Buchanosteidae.
Gongylonema neoplasticum is a roundworm parasite of rats.
It is between 18 and 30 mm long and up to 4 mm broad and is a chestnut brown color.
Species in this genus are mutually symbiotic with hermit crabs.
Laquintasaura is a genus of Venezuelan dinosaur containing only the single species Laquintasaura venezuelae.
Fossils of this family have been found in the sediments of Austria, China, Germany, Hungary, Italy, New Zealand, Poland, Spain, Switzerland and, United States.
It is also found in the Philippines, American Samoa, Fiji and Rodrigues.
Priceaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The type locality was the Zhusileng Formation in Inner Mongolia.
Molgula occulta is a species of solitary tunicate in the family Molgulidae.
Sycon ciliatum is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Sycettidae.
It is the third described species of the genus Protocotyle, after Protocotyle grisea Euzet & Maillard, 1974 and Protocotyle taschenbergi Euzet & Maillard, 1974.
Bougainvillia aberrans is a marine invertebrate, a species of hydroid in the suborder Anthomedusae.
Schistocephalus solidus is a tapeworm of fish, fish-eating birds and rodents.
It is found in the Neotropical ecozone.
It forms small reef-like bodies of tubes branching from a common origin.
Angiostrongylus vasorum, also known as French heartworm, is a species of parasitic nematode in the family Metastrongylidae.
Chirodropus is a genus of box jellyfish in the Chirodropidae family.
Stenolaemata are a class of marine bryozoans.
It was first described by the British naturalist Edward Forbes in 1843.
Torellella is a genus of problematic tubicolous fossils.
Metandrocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Heterophyes is a genus of trematode, or fluke worm, in the family Heterophyidae.
They are relatively large, at 80–200 millimetres long, relatively common, and distributed across Southern Africa.
Coosella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
At night it spreads arms to form a basket to feed on plankton.
Favosites, like all coral, thrived in warm sunlit seas, forming colorful reefs, feeding by filtering microscopic plankton with their stinging tentacles.
Achramorphidae is a family of the order Leucosolenida.
The Aglaopheniidae are a family of cnidarians within the class Hydrozoa.
It also lacks an armed scolex unlike other Taenia.
It as been described by Vidal-Martínez, Aguirre-Macedo & Mendoza-Franco in 1997  and redescribed by Kritsky, Bakenhaster and Adams in 2015.
They feed on any aquatic cold-blooded creature such as turtles and fish.
This sponge belongs to the genus Amphimedon and belongs to the family Niphatidae.
Sphaerotheriida is an order of millipedes in the infraclass Pentazonia, sometimes known as giant pill millipedes.
The fossil dates back to 508 million years ago.
Brissopsis caparti is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae.
Hexabothriidae is a family of monogenean parasites.
This parasite is responsible for anemia, oedema, and death of infected sheep and goats, mainly during summer in warm, humid climates.
The family has been in existence since the Lower Jurassic and the range includes Europe, Ukraine, North America, North Africa and the West Pacific.
Demeterops is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now the United States.
Oenonella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It is the most common skin infection in tropical region, particularly along the beaches of the Caribbean.
This species is used in research but its classification is in dispute and in the literature it is often classified as Nereis diversicolor.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Lumbrineris latreilli is an annelid discovered by Jean Victoire Audouin and Henri Milne-Edwards in 1834.
The organisms look like sacs, often connected and occasionally radiating from a central point, and are millimetres to centimetres in length.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
It was much longer than the poorly known Trossulus.
This and other species of Echinarachnius have been around since the Pliocene epoch.
It is the type species of the genus Riedaster and dates back to the Late Jurassic.
A 1996 survey failed to find it and it is presumed extinct.
As all members of the family Diplectanidae, it has a single posterior testis and a single ovary that wraps the lateral caecum of the intestine.
It has distinct morphology and behavior compared to C. elegans; notably, C. angaria males exhibit a spiral mating behavior.
Its fossils have been found throughout Europe and North America.
The oldest undisputed fossils of Edrioasteroidea are known from Cambrian of Laurentia and are among the oldest known fossils of echinoderms.
These clitellate annelids are of somewhat unclear relationships; namely the relationships of Hirudinea with oligochaetes are in need of revision.
Doleorthis is an extinct genus of brachiopod.
Phagocata is a genus of planariid triclad.
The genus Lithostrotion, a common and readily recognised group of fossils, became extinct by the end of the Palaeozoic era.
They have been described as a transitional form between trilobites and true chelicerates.
Although the flower hat jelly looks like a jellyfish, they actually belong in the class Hydrozoa, while true jellyfish belong in class Scyphozoa.
The mixed dentition of Suminia is claimed to represent the first evidence of the efficient processing of food by chewing.
Its common name is wandering leg sausage.
Cnidaria is a phylum containing over 10,000 species of animals found exclusively in aquatic environments: they are predominantly marine species.
Acrozoanthus is a genus of soft coral, anthozoans in the family Zoanthidae.
Parindjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
N. fosteri was found in the caecum of three of four studied marsh rice rats, with two to twenty worms present per infected rat.
It contains the following suborders and families:
Washboard is the common name used for Megalonaias nervosa.
The creatures feed on fine particles of plankton and other organic matter they filter from the water.
A huge advantage of this method is its ability to kill the parasites without harming the hosts.
It damages plants by feeding on the roots and it is a vector of plant viruses.
M. incognita has been found to be able to move along shallower temperature gradients than any other known organism, an example of thermotaxis.
It was formerly included in the genus Lophogorgia but that genus has been dismantled.
Argopatagus planus is a species of sea urchin of the family Macropneustidae.
The diversification of the large Asian genus Haemadipsa probably did not take place until the Eocene, about 50 mya.
It is related to Taenia solium, the pork tapeworm, and to Taenia saginata, the beef tapeworm.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
Members of the genus feed on blood.
Amblypneustes pallidus is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae.
Brachydeiroids have, in cross section, a highly compressed body, a pointed, sometimes highly elongated snout, and tremendous orbits.
The fossil was first found in the Omkyk Member from Rietoog in southern Namibia, in association with another calcifying fossil, Cloudina.
These clamps are of the gastrocotylid type, i.e.
Eospirifer is a genus of extinct brachiopod in the class Rhynchonellata and the order Spiriferida.
Capsalids are parasite on various organs of marine fish, including skin, fins and gills.
Centrostephanus besnardi was first scientifically described in 1955 by Bernasconi.
Electridae is a family of bryozoans in the class Gymnolaemata.
Praewoodsia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
The level of maternal care for hatchlings varies from nonexistent to the prolonged care provided by scorpions.
It is found in the Southern Ocean, in the waters off Antarctica and the island groups nearby.
Dicyemennea trochocephalum Furuya, 1999 - parasitizes Octopus hongkongensis 
Redlichiidae is a family of redlichiid trilobites which lived from the Botomian to the Middle Cambrian period.
It belongs to the family Trychostrongylidae, and male and female worms are morphologically distinguishable.
Philometra cyanopodi is a species of parasitic nematode of fishes, first found off New Caledonia in the South Pacific, in the gonads of Epinephelus cyanopodus.
Asteropseidae is a family of sea stars.
It is found off the Atlantic coasts of South America.
The ovary is also single, opening independently and anterior to the anus.
A salp, salpa, is a barrel-shaped, planktonic tunicate.
Human infestation is rare, but results in destruction of the kidneys.
The Neognathostomata are a superorder of sea urchins.
H. gallinarum is about 1–2 cm in length with a sharply pointed tail and a preanal sucker.
It was responsible for an outbreak of pulmonary schistosomiasis, in 1981, in sheep in Rajasthan, leading to considerable mortality.
Brittle stars have long, thin arms emanating from a small, disk-shaped body and are about the size of an outstretched human hand.
Pseudanisentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Eosentomidae.
Damesellids are closely related to the odontopleurids of Odontopleuridae, but are not nearly as spinose, nor possess spines as exaggerated as Odontopleuridae.
Atrypa reticularis is an extinct species of brachiopods.
It infects the marsh rice rat, raccoon, Virginia opossum, the snail Cerithidea scalariformis, and killifishes of the genus Fundulus on the Gulf Coast of Florida.
Pterygodermatites mexicana Caspeta-Mandujano et al., 2013 
This feature strongly suggests that it was a predatory animal, and used its pronged gnathal plates to prevent seized prey from squirming out of its mouth.
Boltenia scotti Herdman, 1910: synonym of Pyura bouvetensis
Burlingiids have a cosmopolitan distribution, can be found in deposits that originate from outside the continental shelves, and may have been planktonic.
Monandrocarpa tarona C. & F. Monniot, 1987
Ditylenchus is a genus of plant pathogenic nematodes.
Eunicella cavolini, commonly known as the yellow gorgonian or yellow sea whip, is a species of colonial soft coral in the Gorgoniidae family.
Enseosteus is very similar to the other Kellwasserkalk selenosteids, though, the type species, E. jaekelli, has a bulbous, knob-shaped rostrum.
The subclass Euechinoidea includes almost all living species of sea urchin, and fossil forms going back as far as the Triassic.
Pelonaia arenifera Stimpson, 1851: synonym of Pelonaia corrugata Goodsir & Forbes, 1841
However, the pathogenicity of M. perstans infection has been recently reconsidered in various studies.
Pilekiidae is a family of trilobites in the order Phacopida, specifically within Suborder Cheirurina.
They are characterized by the presence of interproglottid glands.
A single long tentacle of venomous cnidocytes, hanging below the float, provides the animal with a means of capturing prey.
As with several other species of Aequorea, these jellyfish bioluminesce from the base of their tentacles when disturbed.
Horodyskia is a fossilised organism found in rocks dated from 1,500 million years ago to 900 million years ago.
Euphoberia is an extinct genus of millipede from the Pennsylvanian epoch of the Late Carboniferous, measuring up to 30 centimetres in length.
They were obligate encrusters and attached themselves to inorganic or biologic hard substrates.
In countries such as Malaysia, Thailand, Jamaica, Indonesia, the prevalence is higher.
Cyclopygidae is a family of asaphid trilobites from the Ordovician.
Cucumaria is a genus of sea cucumbers.
Chirocephalus marchesonii is a species of fairy shrimp in the family Chirocephalidae.
Unusually among ctenophores, which normally prefer warmer waters, it is found in the Arctic and adjacent polar seas, mostly in surface waters down to 50 metres.
Sponges are composed of a jellylike mesohyl sandwiched between two layers of cells.
The pygidium ends in a striking tail spike.
Brissopsis caparti was first scientifically described in 1959 by Cherbonnier.
Terpios fugax is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Suberitidae.
Members of the family are colonial hermatypic corals.
Lophopus crystallinus is the first, and only species ever described of the genus Lophopus, from the Lophopodidae family.
It contains three species: B. africana; B. baini; and B. cristagalli.
It is only known from western Canada and was first described by Cameron in 2002.
Numerous mammal species, as well as birds and crocodiles, can harbor the parasite worldwide, but the sylvatic cycle is mainly maintained by wild carnivores.
Rhopalaea is a genus of tunicate belonging to the family Diazonidae.
The Ecuadorian P. mionactis is not well-known.
Gynandrocarpa imthurni Herdman, 1906: synonym of Eusynstyela latericius
Parablackwelderia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Its original range is unclear; the tropical Western Atlantic Ocean, the Red Sea, and the Indian Ocean have been proposed.
Botryllocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Although never as diverse as their contemporary relatives, the crinoids, blastoids are common fossils, especially in many Mississippian-age rocks.
It is a widespread species in lowland parts of East Africa, from Mozambique to Kenya, but rarely reaches altitudes above 1,000 metres.
H. microstoma is prevalent in rodents worldwide, but rarely infects humans.
The name "Mandibulata" refers to the mandibles or jaws, which are the characterizing feature of its member arthropods.
It was originally placed into the genus Nereis and later reassigned to Platynereis.
Nannarrup hoffmani, commonly known as Hoffman's dwarf centipede, is a species of centipede that was discovered in New York City's Central Park in 2002.
Araeosoma belli was first scientifically described in 1903 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen, a Danish zoologist.
Aspidodiadema annulatum is a species of sea urchin of the family Aspidodiadematidae.
Importantly, A. mollis represents promising business potential within an important Asian market.
It is the sole species in the genus Halityle.
Olenoides was a trilobite from the Cambrian period.
It was little-used in the subsequent literature, contrary to Archeria, which appears to be a junior synonym of Cricotus.
They live in association with dung beetles and are primarily known from Africa.
Caenopedina depressa is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae.
Thamnasteria is an extinct genus of stony corals.
Xiphinema diversicaudatum is an amphimitic ectoparasitic nematode species.
Its fossils are restricted to early Emsian-aged marine strata of the Taimyr Peninsula, Early Devonian Siberia.
Only one living species, G. piloseta, is known from Lizard Island, Great Barrier Reef, Australia.
The genus is named in honor of Walter Sudhaus, a German nematologist.
This sort of similarity in development suggests phylogenetic unity.
The form of the furrow between the palpebral area and the palpebral lobe also distinguishes Kainops from the genera Paciphacops and Viaphacops.
Members of the family are characterised by a complex ring of calcareous ossicles arranged in a tube, making a mosaic pattern.
The infection with the metacestode larval form of T. serialis is called Coenurosis.
Spionidae is a family of marine worms within the Polychaeta.
Novocrania anomala is a species of brachiopods found offshore in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
Unlike the true sea anemones, this species is a colonial animal of the order Corallimorpharia.
Reef starfish is a species of starfish found in the South Pacific Ocean around New Zealand.
Ixion is a genus of soft corals in the Xeniidae family.
Gentilapsis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Bainella is an extinct genus of Devonian trilobites from off the coast of Gondwana in what is present day Brazil, Bolivia and South Africa.
Eudendrium ramosum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid in the family Eudendriidae.
Malo kingi and Malo maximus were described by the Australian marine biologist Lisa-Ann Gershwin in 2007 and 2005, respectively.
It is relatively long and with a larger number of segments, albeit with fewer testes and an asymmetrical ovary.
The sea contained a remarkably diverse trilobite fauna.
Pillar coral is a hard coral found in the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
This species is morphologically very similar to Aporocidaris milleri and Aporocidaris antarctica and they may not be separate species.
Brissopsis obliqua is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae.
The same study concluded that I. strobilina forms scar tissue over lesions more quickly than the other species studied, Neofibularia nolitangere and Agelas clathrodes.
The leather star, Dermasterias imbricata, is a starfish in the family Asteropseidae found at depths to 100 m off the western seaboard of North America.
It is native to the South Pacific Ocean and is found in deep water off the coast of Australia.
It is easily distinguished from most other raphiophorids by the 3 thorax segments.
It is a marine invertebrate found in soft substrates in shallow seas.
They are laid in long strings of eggs enclosed in a gelatinous sheath containing one or two rows of eggs.
Allomorone is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish which does not belong to any class.
They are filter feeders with no buccal organ.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1961 by Inglis.
Within one to two weeks, the infected copepod is ingested by the second intermediate host, the three-spined stickleback, Gasterosteus aculeatus.
A. galli is the most prevalent and pathogenic species, especially in domestic fowl.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
Scottojapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
Each animal appears as a bi-lobed lens up to 11 mm × 8 mm, and almost all specimens share the same slight asymmetry.
Its teeth were typically mammalian, being differentiated into molars and premolars with triangular cusps.
The megadriles are characterized by having a distinct clitellum and a vascular system with true capillaries.
Asian taeniasis is documented in nine countries in Asia, including Taiwan, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, south-central China, Vietnam, Japan and Nepal.
Lecanicephaloidea is an order of tapeworms of the subclass Cestoda.
Their number varies in the different species.
All species of this genus are obligate parasites of insects, and some are used as biological control agents for the control of pest insects.
Helicoplacoids are thought to have been suspension feeders living at moderate depths in highly oxygenated water with strong enough currents to ensure a steady food supply.
Philometra fasciati is a species of parasitic nematode of fishes, first found off New Caledonia in the South Pacific, in the gonads Epinephelus fasciatus.
Populations have also been located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Patiria pectinifera, the blue bat star, is a species of starfish in the family Asterinidae.
The females of this species produce two types of eggs: thick-shelled eggs and thin-shelled eggs, which are produced in separate uteri.
They extend their thin white tentacles out of the top of the tube in which they dwell.
Fossils are found in Late Emsian-aged marine strata of the Lost Burro Formation.
Then the two larvae undergo metamorphosis and become fused.
It was described by Morzadec in 1983, and the type species is Breizhops lanceolatus.
Korobovia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The species occurring in Australian waters A. coronata von Martens, 1866; A. heteractis H.L.
About 950 species of echinoids inhabit all oceans from the intertidal to 5,000 metres deep.
Dendrochirotida are an order of sea cucumbers.
Coenothecalia is an order of the subclass Octocorallia that forms massive lobed crystalline calcareous skeletons in colonial corals.
Cyclothyris is an extinct genus of brachiopods from the Cretaceous of Africa, Asia, Europe, and North America.
The armspread is up to 20 cm.
Anurida maritima is a cosmopolitan collembolan of the intertidal zone.
Pachymerium tabacarui is a species of centipede in Geophilidae family that is endemic to Romania.
Most members of this family have one pair of male pores on segment 15 through 30.
Sexual reproduction occurs once a year in August or September when coral colonies release millions of gametes by broadcast spawning.
Dresbachia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Ophionereis reticulata, the reticulated brittle star, is a brittle star in the family Ophionereididae.
They may have two types of setae, which are found on the parapodia.
Occasional human infections have been documented by one of two species: Bertiella studeri, or Bertiella mucronata.
Only one species is assigned to this genus, Elleria morani.
This is a thickly encrusting sponge with a very firm texture, growing in loosely attached patches up to 7 cm across.
Dirofilaria tenuis is a species of nematode, a parasitic roundworm that infects the subcutaneous tissue of vertebrates.
They are typically found in greenish shales and are rarely found in shallow water sandstones and limestones.
However, some members of this subfamily are among the rare euryhaline polychaetes, inhabiting brackish and freshwater habitat.
However, secondary bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, including pneumonia, may develop in heavy infestations.
Selenosteids have, in cross section, a rounded body, a blunt snout, and tremendous orbits.
Ammodesmidae is a family of small millipedes endemic to Africa, containing seven species in two genera.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage.
The type locality was the Tolstochikhin Formation in Salair.
The bearded fireworm is a type of marine bristleworm belonging to the Amphinomidae family, native to the tropical Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.
A. elegantissima has become a model organism for the study of temperate cnidarian-algal symbioses.
Doliolidae is a family of tunicates in the order Doliolida.
The species occur in the southern Alps of Europe, from Genoa, Italy to the Istrian peninsula.
It may have its origins in the Himalayan mountains.
It is an amorphous shaped sponge that grows in flat, sometimes bulbous sheets in benthic communities.
Eoredlichia is an extinct genus of trilobite of average to large size.
Newportia is a genus of scolopocryptopid centipedes.
Herdmania is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Pyuridae.
Maotianoascus octonarius is an extinct species of stem-group ctenophore, known from the Chinese Maotianshan shales of Yunnan.
It is placed in the genus Araeosoma and lives in the sea.
The Dicyemidae van Beneden, 1882 is a family of tiny parasites that live in the renal appendages of cephalopods.
They live in parchment-like tubes made of particles from their environment such as sand and shell fragments cemented together with mucus.
Lucernariopsis cruxmelitensis is a stalked jellyfish which inhabits the intertidal and sublittoral zones of rocky coasts in south-west England and the Atlantic coast of Ireland.
It has been found in the Eastern Mediterranean, off the coast of Israel, Turkey and in the Aegean Sea off the coast of Greece.
Meandrina meandrites, commonly known as maze coral, is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Meandrinidae.
Polyodontes maxillosus is a species of polychaete worm in the family Acoetidae.
It is commonly known as the tall urn ascidian, the green barrel sea squirt or the green reef sea-squirt.
Several strains have been developed in the laboratory.
The order contains only one genus, Eriptychius, and fossilized specimens from this genus have been found in North America.
Trichinella britovi is a nematode parasite responsible for a zoonotic disease called trichinellosis.
It is highly adapted to the intertidal zone as it can tolerate both high temperatures and desiccation.
Poraniopsis is a genus of starfish in the family Poraniidae in the order Valvatida.
Homoscleromorpha is a class of marine sponges composed of two families: Plakinidae and Oscarellidae.
Uroleptus limnetis is a species of ciliates.
Individuals are up to 4 mm long and have 12 body segments and 17 pairs of legs.
Like these other genera, K. rotundata has only three thoracic segments, probably due to paedomorphic dwarfism: other raphiophorid trilobites have at minimum five thoracic segments.
This brim is thought to serve as a filter-feeding apparatus.
Plagiorchis is a genus of parasitic trematodes in the family Plagiorchiidae.
Cenocrinus is a monotypic genus of stalked crinoids in the family Isselicrinidae.
The upperside is mottled brown and white although there is some red in the forewing cell bar.
Uncites is an extinct genus of brachiopods in the family Uncitidae.
Gigantoproductus giganteus is an extinct species of brachiopods in the family Monticuliferidae, known only from its fossil remains.
Most are toward the smaller end of this range in relatively shallow depths; however, they can grow to be quite large in Antarctic waters.
Two species are known to be commensal with other polychaetes.
Coralliodrilus rugosus is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm, first found in Belize, on the Caribbean side of Central America.
Svalbardites is an extinct genus of trilobites.
Adult T. serialis are parasites of carnivores, particularly dogs, with herbivorous lagomorph mammals such as rabbits and hares, serving as intermediate hosts.
Odontosyllis phosphorea, commonly known as a fireworm, is a polychaete worm that inhabits the Pacific coast of North and Central America.
Centrostephanus rubricingulus is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae.
The Hirudiniformes are one of the currently-accepted suborders of the proboscisless leeches.
P. crucifer is a dioecious species, having distinctly male and female individuals and large eggs.
Isanthidae is a small family of sea anemones in the class Anthozoa.
Pseudarchaster myobrachius is a species of starfish.
Blanodalmanites is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Malaysia.
Antrechinus mortenseni is a species of sea urchin of the family Urechinidae.
In: Shenkar, N.; Gittenberger, A.; Lambert, G.; Rius, M.; Moreira Da Rocha, R.; Swalla, B.J.
It is found in shallow waters around Japan and has spread to the west coast of North America where it is regarded as an invasive species.
These sponges had cylindrically shaped walls, with a typical diameter of 2 cm, with a small platform at the top, showing the position of the Osculum.
It invades and resides in the gaster of female hornets where it grows and develops.
The Ozobranchidae are not universally accepted as distinct; some authors prefer to merge them with the Piscicolidae.
Ptychodactis patula is an actiniarian sea anemone that is the only member of the monotypic family Ptychodactiidae.
It is only known from its caudal fin and parts of its dorsal surface, including its dorsal fin.
Skrjabinoclava kinsellai is a parasitic nematode worm that infects the marsh rice rat in Florida.
The Acanthodrilidae are an ancient and widely distributed family of earthworms which has native representatives in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, South America, and North America.
Eggs of these trematodes are shed in the feces, hopefully into the water.
Myxasteridae is a family of deep-sea velatid sea stars containing nine species in three genera.
Gravicalymene has been a 'hot button' trilobite lately.
Both species have an elongate first row of dorsal scales.
Procyliosoma is a genus of pill millipede found in Australia and New Zealand.
Toxocara canis is worldwide-distributed helminth parasite of dogs and other canids.
It is in the monotypic genus Acheronaster.
Bufoceraurus is an extinct genus of trilobite.
Cometicercus is an extinct genus of thelodont which lived in Canada during the Early Devonian period.
Eggs of the tapeworm are passed with the bird’s feces and hatch in the water where the first larval stage, the coracidium, is produced.
Xestospongia testudinaria is a species of barrel sponge in the family Petrosiidae.
Carolinites is known from what are today Australia, Canada, China, France, Spitsbergen, and the United States.
Carijoa riisei, the snowflake coral or branched pipe coral, is a species of soft coral in the family Clavulariidae.
Spriggina floundersi is the official fossil emblem of South Australia.
This species is found in the North Atlantic in subtidal sand or muddy sand at depths of 15-130 m.
Tamoya gargantua, commonly known as the warty sea wasp, is a venomous jellyfish in the genus Tamoya.
Synapta maculata grows to two metres in length.
The same source describes Euproops as follows.
Since then, there have been reports of this species in North and South America, Australia, and the Caribbean islands.
Marrus claudanielis Dunn, Pugh & Haddock, 2005
They are filter feeders maintaining a flow of water through their structure which passes out through large openings called oscula.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
It has a circumpolar distribution around Antarctica.
Nereis is a genus of polychaete worms in the family Nereidae.
This genus is the only member of the family Pristolepididae.
It is the type species of the genus Bohadschia; Jaeger, 1833.
Aphelenchoididae is a nematode family in the order Aphelenchida.
Phoxichilidiidae is a family of sea spiders.
R. orientalis is pinkish to purplish, of variable size.
Brachyiulus varibolinus is a species of millipede in the genus Brachyiulus.
The species prefer sunshine, but can be seen on summer rainy days as well.
In snails, there is also a higher rate of infection in female snails than in males.
They are filter feeders, extending a plume-like fan of radioles from the end of the tube in order to catch plankton and detritus floating past.
They arose during the Early Devonian, with the first known genus, Drepanaspis from the Hunsrück lagerstätte.
Bathystyeloides dubius C. & F. Monniot, 1984
It is known from the Lystrosaurus Assemblage Zone in Thaba N'chu, Free State, South Africa.
Bucephalidae is a family of trematode flatworms that parasitize fish.
It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
This genus is known from the early Kimmeridgian to Late Eocene.
Sea otters, starfish, wolf eels, triggerfish, and other predators hunt and feed on sea urchins.
This definition is similar to the historical descriptor coelenterata which has also been proposed as a group encompassing Cnidaria and Ctenophora.
It has a headshield wider than the tailshield, and in between them three thoracic body segments.
Pleurocystites is a genus of rhombiferan echinoderm that lived in the Late Ordovician.
Morchellium is a genus of colonial sea squirts, tunicates in the family Polyclinidae.
It moves by contracting, thus pumping water through its gelatinous body.
Dipyrgotes is an extinct genus of damesellid odontopleurid trilobite.
It is also found on the western coast of Africa.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
The definitive hosts of Schistosoma spindale are ruminants and Schistosoma spindale cause intestinal schistosomiasis of ruminants.
Spongia is a genus of marine sponges in the family Spongiidae, originally described by Linnaeus in 1759, containing more than 50 species.
It has a compressed, box-like head and thoracic armor, and large, rounded orbits.
Acropora papillare is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Latypov in 1992.
It is found in shallow seas in the Canary Islands, Cape Verde, the Adriatic Sea and the Caribbean Sea.
It was described by Dean in 1959, and the type species is Duftonia lacunosa.
The holotype was originally held in the Schlosspark Museum in Bad Kreuznach, but was then lost at an unknown date.
The most prominent reason for the adaptation of this species to such an environment is to escape predators.
If sawyer beetles infect freshly cut pine logs, they can cause a 30–40% loss in value due to the tunnels their larvae bore.
Sphaerosyllis pygipapillata has all of its antennae aligned, a smooth dorsum, while its pygidial papillae are longer and slender.
It is found in coastal areas of northwest Europe at depths down to 50 metres.
Cereus is a genus of sea anemones in the family Sagartiidae.
Bipalium adventitium is a land planarian in the subfamily Bipaliinae.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
This parasite resides in the intestines of birds, rats and other mammals such as humans.
Bathocyroe fosteri is a species of lobate ctenophore found at intermediate depths in all the world's oceans.
The Himantariidae are a family of centipedes in the order Geophilomorpha, found almost exclusively in the Northern Hemisphere.
Innitagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now Queensland, Australia.
Their native distribution was mainland Europe and the British Isles, but they have currently spread worldwide in suitable habitats.
Chaetogaster is a genus belonging to the segmented worms.
Hydroides norvegica is a species of tube-forming annelid worm in the family Serpulidae.
It was described by J. W. Wells in 1954.
It is found in shallow waters over a wide geographical range, being found in both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and adjoining seas.
This sponge is found mostly at depths of 30-50 m and water temperatures of 6-8°C.
These ancient freshwater arthropods, related to modern horseshoe crabs, lived from the Devonian period  to the Carboniferous period.
The genus is monotypic, its sole species being Tariccoia arrusensis.
Aberia is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Ordovician strata in Finistère, France.
Coelopleurus is an extant genus of echinoids with fossil records dating back to the Eocene, with remains found in Europe and North America.
These corals are commonly known as colt corals or finger leather corals and are often kept in reef aquaria.
It is also a significant problem in the soybean growing areas of South America and Asia.
Archaeocidaris is an extinct genus of echinoid that lived from the Late Devonian to the Late Permian.
Cephalouterina is a genus of trematodes within the family Lecithodendriidae under the order Plagiorchiida.
There are only two subclasses in the class Monogenea:
They inhabit the lumen of the cecum of the host.
This cockle is cooked and eaten in several countries.
They are known to infect cacao trees.
Acanthocidaris curvatispinis is a species of sea urchin of the family Cidaridae.
Merulina is a genus of stony corals in the Merulinidae family.
The suborder died out when the Lower passed into the Middle Cambrian, at the end of the stage called Toyonian.
Archiacanthocephala is a class within the phylum of Acanthocephala.
Janua pagenstecheri is a species of marine polychaete.
Ivantsov and Fedonkin place them among the cnidarians.
Parexus is recognised by its large anterior dorsal fin spine.
Its representatives lived during the Arenig and Llanvirn stages of the Ordovician Period, approximately 479 to 463 million years ago.
Aplidium solidum is a species of colonial sea squirts, a tunicate in the family Polyclinidae.
The Glyceridae are ferocious epi- and infaunal polychaetes that prey upon small invertebrates.
Nardoa is a genus of sea star sof the family Ophidiasteridae.
Pattersonichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the upper Cenomanian.
Polyandrocarpa griffithsi Monniot, Monniot, Griffiths & Schleyer, 2001
The photosynthesis occurs because, like most corals, they host zooxanthellae in their tissues.
Ancylostoma tubaeforme is a hookworm that infects cats worldwide.
The thorax has up to 22 segments.
They are also known as hawker dragonflies, or, in North America, as mosaic darners.
Americobdella is a genus of carnivorous leeches from southern Chile, comprising only the species Americobdella valdiviana.
Well-known Haemadipsa are for example the Indian Leech and the yamabiru or Japanese Mountain Leech.
Its natural habitat is the colon of pigs, and has also been found in rhesus monkey, orang-utan, fish, field rats and Napu mouse-deer.
Brissopsis columbaris was first scientifically described in 1898 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz.
Infection of young plants may be lethal, while infection of mature plants causes decreased yield.
Their affinity is unknown; they have often been placed among molluscs.
The genus and type species, A. clarki, was established by Ralph V. Chamberlin in 1918.
He published his experimental success in 1913.
Heterophyidae is a family of intestinal improbable occurrences of the class trematoda.
It lives in a tube built of sand, gravel and pieces of shell.
These species appear to be a species complex.
Its eggs are passed in the wolf feces, and are eaten by a rat.
Campbellodus has very short spinal plates, and is unusual in having a high dorsal spine formed by three median dorsal plates.
The stinging nematocysts contain a toxin which causes painful burn-like wounds on contact.
Levinellidae is a family of sponges in the order Clathrinida.
Its antennae have seven or more smooth segments.
Danoceras is an essentially straight shelled oncocerid named by Troedsson in 1926, and included in the Diestoceratidae.
Gyrolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
The smaller subclass, Ceriantharia, consists of the tube-dwelling anemones.
It has fairly large schizochroal eyes which were mounted on turret-like structures that gave the animal a near 360-degree field of view.
It is closely related to Wuttagoonaspis of Middle Devonian Australia.
Fossils of this family have been found in the sediments of Algeria, Egypt, France, Hungary, Mexico, Peru, Portugal, Serbia and Montenegro, Spain, Switzerland and Yemen.
Austrocidaris canaliculata is a species of sea urchins of the Family Cidaridae.
Monachaster sanderi is a species of sea stars in the family Orestieridae.
Dalmanitoidea is a superfamily of trilobites in the order Phacopida, containing the three families Dalmanitidae, Diaphanometopidae and Prosopiscidae.
It was relatively large for a conodont, reaching about 40 cm in length.
Crossota millsae is a species of deep-sea jellyfish.
Patavichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
Chengkouia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Calymenidae is a family of trilobites, containing the following genera:
Chorizocormus is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Brissopsis atlantica is a species of sea urchin of the Family Brissidae.
In paratenic hosts, plerocercoids move to subcutaneous tissues and the eye from the small intestine, causing pain, edema, and inflammation.
Smithsonidrilus involutus is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm, first found in Belize, on the Caribbean side of Central America.
It is also sometimes salted, smoked, grilled, deep-fried, or dried.
They are barrel-shaped and elongated, with a rounded front and a flat rear.
They can release their internal organs or a toxin into the water when stressed.
It is found in shallow water in the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
It was described by Whittington in 1954, and the type species is Hapsiceraurus hispidus.
Trichinella spiralis is an ovoviviparous nematode parasite, occurring in rodents, pigs, horses, bears, and humans, and is responsible for the disease trichinosis.
It has short arms and an inflated appearance and resembles a pentagonal pincushion.
It is venomous and can cause a painful, long-lasting sting to humans.
The best known is the starlet sea anemone, which has been extensively studied as a model organism in fields such as genetics, evolution, and ecology.
Alloporus is a genus of giant millipedes that live in deserts.
It may reach a diameter of twenty centimeters and is covered in reddish-brown spines.
Nanshanaspis is a genus of asaphid trilobites of the family Raphiophoridae that lived during the late Caradoc of Inner Mongolia, China.
This species has also been known to stop trains.
Tylopterella is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid which lived from the Ordovician to the Upper Carboniferous period.
Pratylenchus loosi is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting tea.
Pseudosaukianda is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
If lampreys are included, they would extend the known range of the group from the Silurian and Devonian periods to the present day.
Patiriella brevispina, also known as purple seastar is an Australian species of sea star.
Verongida is the name of an order of demosponges within the phylum Porifera.
They are an important object of study in zoology as they provide indications about the evolutionary origins of the vertebrates.
Weejasperaspididae is a family of three extinct acanthothoracid placoderms indigenous to the Early Devonian of Victoria and New South Wales, Australia.
Its fossils have been found in Australia, Europe, and North America.
No other species are recognised in the genus Plesiastrea, since P. devantieri was reassigned to the genus Astrea by Huang et al.
The male has a wormlike body which is held in a C- or S-shape.
Pocillopora grandis, is one of fifteen described species in the family Pocilloporidae.
Yiminaspis shenme is a species of primitive arthrodire placoderm from Emsian-aged marine strata in Yunnan, China.
Ascandra contorta is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Clathrinidae.
The shape of these fused arms varies from genus to genus, and from species to species.
It comprises three suborders which share a distinctive protaspis type.
It was previously known as Nemaster discoidea but the World Register of Marine Species has determined that the valid name is Davidaster discoideus.
Rhynchonella boloniensis is an extinct species of brachiopod.
Legnonotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
Crepicephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Females are stouter and longer, measuring roughly 13 mm in length, with a straight tail end.
Peniagone is a genus of deep-sea swimming sea cucumbers in the family Elpidiidae.
Other animals do not spread the disease.
Their bodies generally reach 4–7 in in length.
Its fossils are found in the Emsian-aged Ly Hoa Formation.
On the west coast, the intermediate host is freshwater snails, while on the east coast the intermediate host is salamanders.
Herdmania claviformis Ritter, 1903: synonym of Euherdmania claviformis
Octostigma is a small genus of diplurans, placed in its own family, Octostigmatidae.
Chondrocladia sponges are stipitate, with a stalk frequently anchored in the substrate by rhizoids and an egg-shaped body, sometimes with branches that end in inflatable spheres.
Gymnophalloides heardi is a parasitic fluke that infects the marsh rice rat in Florida and clapper rail.
Salvatoria californiensis has similar chaetae, with shorter spines and less developed teeth.
Otavia antiqua is an early sponge-like fossil found in Namibia in the Etosha National Park.
Most species of the genus are known from fragments of the armor, but the Gogo Reef species, H. westolli, is known from whole, articulated specimens.
Elpistoichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic epoch.
It is sometimes known as the sea orange sponge.
Fossils have been found in Germany, China and Australia.
It came from the genus Abatus and lives in the sea.
This genus consists of several species that were previously described as Sphaerosyllis and as Sphaerosyllis erinaceus sub-species, differing by the compound chaetae.
Blue coral can be used in tropical aquaria, and the crystalline calcareous fibres in the skeletons can be used for jewelry.
It is sometimes given the nickname "D. vex" because of the vexing way in which it dominates marine ecosystems when introduced into new locations.
This sponge is known from the west coast of South Africa to Port Elizabeth.
A mature C. barnesi's bell is only 12 by 30 millimetres in height.
Ophiocomidae are a family of brittle stars of the suborder Ophiurina.
Calliactis polypus is a species of sea anemone in the family Hormathiidae.
Springtails form the largest of the three lineages of modern hexapods that are no longer considered insects.
It grows up to 80 cm usually on reef flats, in lagoons and on seaward slopes.
X. carnifex ranges from 58 to 65 mm in length, with 48 to 50 body segments.
A. aspersa closely resemble Ciona intestinalis, but can be distinguished by their lack of yellow markings around their siphons.
Lutzomia anthrophora is a species of what is commonly known as the sandfly in the order Diptera and it is a common vector for Leishmaniasis mexicana.
Pricyclopyge has huge eyes, an inverted pear-shaped glabella, six thorax segments, with on the 3rd two small discs.
Gyrometopus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It uses fiddler crabs such as Uca rapax as its intermediate host.
Pseudorhabdosynochus capurroi is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of the Black grouper, Mycteroperca bonaci.
Protocotyle euzetmaillardi Justine, 2011  is a species of monogenean of the family Hexabothriidae Price, 1942.
Brisaster antarcticus was first scientifically described in 1906 by Döderlein.
They lived in the Silurian period, from the Upper Wenlock age to the Ludlow age.
It is particularly susceptible to coral bleaching, disease, and crown-of-thorns starfish predation.
Trichuris discolor, commonly known as a whipworm, is a nematode belonging to the Trichuris genus.
Diazonidae is a family of sea squirts belonging to the suborder Phlebobranchia.
Antrechinus mortenseni was first scientifically described in 1990 by David & Mooi.
These tabulate corals lived from the Ordovician to the Permian period.
This family is known for boring holes in calcareous material such as mollusc shells and corals, using both chemical and mechanical processes.
Centauropyge is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Turkey.
Hassalstrongylus is a genus of nematode worms that infect mostly muroid rodents from eastern North America to South America.
Strenuella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The genus is distributed worldwide except for Antarctica, where no Nematomorpha have been recorded.
These sea squirts are characterized by their brown or yellow, rough and wrinkled surface.
It is commonly known as sea pork.
The first described case of gnathostomiasis was in a young tiger that died in the London Zoo in 1835.
The experiments also showed that the larvae were dispersed by currents, and died after 20 days if they did not find a place to feed.
It is native to shallow water in the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
It is a member of the family Tubulariidae.
Onchocerca is a genus of parasitic roundworm.
Cephalochordates are represented in the modern oceans by the Amphioxiformes.
Its fossils have been found in Europe.
It is the type genus of its taxonomic family.
Calveriosoma hystrix is a species of sea urchins of the Family Echinothuriidae.
They are common throughout the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean coral reefs.
Even so, the nematodes caused histologic lesions in the respiratory tract.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
Herdmania vasculosa: synonym of Ascidia bathybia Hartmeyer, 1922
Herdmania bostrichobranchus Metcalf, 1900: synonym of Bostrichobranchus pilularis
Spheciospongia vesparium is a sea sponge belonging to the phylum Porifera.
It is placed within the extinct phylum Proarticulata, and contains the defined genera Dickinsonia and probably Windermeria.
Kolymella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
This armoured annelid worm is the relative of the modern-day earthworm, leech and bristleworm.
H. gallinarum is the most well-known species, and is most important as it transmits the protozoan parasite, Histomonas meleagridis in birds.
Cucumariidae is a family of sea cucumbers, marine animals with elongated bodies, leathery skins and tentacles that are found on the sea bed.
Polyxenidae is a family of millipedes in the order Polyxenida containing approximately 47 species in 19 genera.
The Spongiidae are a family of sponges that live in freshwater lakes and rivers.
Its remains have been found in Africa, Asia, Europe, North America, and South America.
It is the most widespread species in the Astropecten genus, found throughout the Indo-Pacific region.
It is widespread but uncommon throughout its range.
Its infection is relatively harmless and clinically asymptomatic.
The cancer drug trabectedin is isolated from E. turbinata.
The cephalon is pitted, or has small tubercles.
It occurs round the coasts of Britain but is seldom seen on the east coast of England or Scotland.
The size and form depends largely on the extent of its exposure to waves.
According to morphology and molecular data, this species belongs to the Geodiidae family.
The Psammosteids were the only heterostracans to survive to the end of the Devonian, where they finally perish during the Hangenberg event.
It is known for its advanced compound eyes.
Northern lampreys have the highest number of chromosomes among vertebrates.
The goanna features prominently in Aboriginal mythology and Australian folklore.
This fossils are comparable to the dwelling tubes of worms or cnidarians.
Charitometridae is a family of crinoids or feather stars in the phylum Echinodermata.
Zeliszkella is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, with species of average size.
The worm contains biological agents beneficial in rat models of stroke.
The majority of these have been found in freshwater sediments, though, such a large range suggests that they may have been able to enter saltwater.
Clathrina retiformis is a species of the genus Clathrina.
Members of this genus are found at depths down to about 900 metres.
The velum is well-developed and used in swimming.
The small eyes, in turn, laterally flank a small, slit-shaped mouth at the center of the anterior-most end of the cephalothorax.
Most sea anemone species are harmless to humans, but A. arboreum is highly venomous and its sting can cause severe skin ulcers.
Anthopleura aureoradiata, also known as the small brown sea anemone, is a small anemone about 10 mm wide in diameter and very brown in colour.
Trypanoporida is an extinct order of encrusting animals from the Tentaculita class, which were common in the Devonian oceans.
It was first discovered in the eyes of a dog in China in 1910.
These are generally divided into two subgenera, Dirofilaria and Nochtiella.
Goniastrea is a genus of stony corals in the Faviidae family.
The order includes two families, and most members are endoparasites on arthropods.
Tasmanocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Cardipeltis is an extinct genus of heterostracan agnathan from marine strata of early Devonian of Utah, and Wyoming.
Hacelia attenuata is a species of sea star.
The species epithet refers to Angra dos Reis, the Portuguese name for the Botinas Islands.
The most rare example of the genus is the Middle Ordovician species Gravicalymene magnotuberculata.
Since 1970's it has been also found in Mediterranean Sea, where it entered via the Suez Canal.
A distinct dermal membrane or cortex is present.
Araeosoma coriacea was first scientifically described in 1879 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz, an American scientist.
The parasite has a large distribution, from Oregon to North Carolina.
The segmented organism reached about 3–5 cm in length and may have been predatory.
Arthuria africana is a sponge species of the genus Arthuria from South Africa from which the species is named.
Paradoxides is a characteristic Middle Cambrian trilobite of the 'Atlantic' fauna.
It is native to the Indo-Pacific region.
It is found in shallow waters around Australia.
Acastidae is a family of trilobites in the order Phacopida, suborder Phacopina, superfamily Acastoidea, containing the following genera:
Protesilaus protesilaus is a species of butterfly of the family Papilionidae.
Drulia conifera Bonetto & Ezcurra de Drago, 1973
Ancylostoma pluridentatum is a species of parasitic hookworm that infects wild species of cats.
Toxopneustidae is a family of globular sea urchins in the class Echinoidea.
Albumares brunsae is a tri-radially symmetrical fossil animal that lived in the late Ediacaran seafloor.
The type locality was in the Sholeshook Limestone Formation.
The larval nematode is acquired by eating raw or undercooked fish and meat.
Gymnagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now Oaxaca, Mexico.
The brachydeirids, together with Leptosteus, make up the superfamily Brachydeiroidea.
Neophlyctaenius is an extinct genus of placoderm fish, which lived during the Late Devonian period of North America.
Both are close to their oncocerid ancestors in that their siphuncles contain laminar actinosiphonate deposits.
The adult males are 44-55 mm long and 95 µm wide, while adult females can be over 12 cm long and 210 µm wide.
Eyes are usually large, and because the individual lenses are hard to make out, they look smooth and sometimes bead-like.
There is a broad, flat paddle-like telson.
The bootlace worm is one of the longest known animals, with specimens up to 55 m long and up to 10 centimetres wide being reported.
The two species look very similar to the trilobites of the related genera Cyphaspis and Otarionella, in which the species were originally, successively classified in.
The Charnwood Forest form, Pseudovendia charnwoodensis has been synonymized with the rangeomorph Charnia.
It contains four species, D. comis, D. magister, D. retrospina, and D. tumida.
Forteyops is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now the United States.
Strongyloides serpentis is a parasitic roundworm infecting the intestine of the green water snake, Green water snake, hence its name.
It was first described by the American marine biologist Henry Bryant Bigelow in 1892.
The organism is frequently found in association with the lobopod Microdictyon, which is presumed to have fed on Eldonia.
It excavates a burrow underneath rocks or logs with a terminal chamber and passage to the surface.
Acastoidea is a superfamily of trilobites from the order Phacopida, suborder Phacopina.
Fremontella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Also, this is the time when the ant colonies are busy with developing ant larvae.
These asteroids are deep-sea dwelling and have flexible arms.
The only species recognised by the World Register of Marine Species is Schizoculina fissipara, found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean on the west coast of Africa.
Their tests can be either solid or flexible.
Clavulariidae is a family of soft corals in the suborder Stolonifera.
Most, if not all species in this family grow on stalks and resemble small flowers.
Liocare is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
There is one median node or spine and two lateral nodes or spines on every segment.
Apatopygus occidentalis is a species of sea urchin of the family Apatopygidae.
Microdecemplex rolfei is the only known species of the extinct, small-bodied millipede order Microdecemplicida, a member of the extinct subclass Arthropleuridea.
Anguina tritici is a plant pathogenic nematode.
Multitubulatina is a gastrotrichs sub-order in the order Chaetonotida.
The fossils have been conjectured to represent a holdfast for some stalked form — possibly an octacorallian, or something else entirely.
It was first described in 1969 from the intestine of the clapper rail in eastern North America.
Brissopsis obliqua was first scientifically described in 1948 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
Strongyloides dasypodis is a parasitic roundworm infecting the large intestine of the armadillo, Dasypus novemcinctus.
Atops is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Perischoechinoidea is a subclass of primitive sea urchins that were abundant in the Palaeozoic seas.
Fallotaspis is a genus of redlichiid trilobite genus found in Early Cambrian-aged strata of the United States and Morocco.
Seriatopora is a genus of colonial stony corals in the family Pocilloporidae.
Scutigera argentina is a centipede species in the family Scutigeridae.
Bienella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It can range from 5 to 15 cm in length and is usually found under rocks or in mussel beds.
Heterodera ciceri is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting lentils and chickpeas.
Dictyocaulus arnfieldi is the lungworm of horses, and Dictyocaulus viviparus is the lungworm affecting ruminants.
Myriotrochus is a genus of sea cucumbers.
E. hoffi is a common trilobite mainly from central Europe.
It is one of the four families belonging to the suborder Erpobdelliformes of the proboscisless leeches order, Arhynchobdellida.
Coryne eximia is a species of athecate hydroid belonging to the family Corynidae.
The sun-burst soft coral is a species of colonial soft corals in the family Alcyoniidae.
Composita had a smooth shell with a more or less distinct fold and sulcus and a round opening for the pedicle on the pedicle valve.
Dendrocoelidae is the sister group of Kenkiidae.
Atolla is a genus of crown jellyfish in the order Coronata.
Ophiura albida is a species of brittle star in the order Ophiurida.
Cilia on the other two septa expel water.
These "worms" contain a number of important parasites of humans and domestic animals.
The genus Psychocidaris is extant while the other genera are only known from fossils.
In paratenic hosts the larvae never mature and remain at the L2 stage.
Caenocentrotus gibbosus is a species of sea urchins of the Family Echinometridae.
These millipedes inhabit moist areas, rotten wood and compost.
Ningkianolithus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
Based on present knowledge, the genus is restricted to the central Indo-Pacific, ranging from to southern Japan to northern Australia.
Cilia on six septa draw water into the cavity.
Malongocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
These common names can also refer to the related genus, Cladiella.
It is sometime but not often kept by hobby aquarists.
It is endemic to this area and has not been recorded elsewhere.
The surface is hard and offers good protection against fish or hurricanes.
Gorgonians are also known as sea whips and sea fans and are similar to the sea pen, a soft coral.
Japanese serows are the only animals known to be infected with Protostrongylus shiozawai.
The type locality was the Icla Formation in Padilla.
Like other monogeneans, Dactylogyrus only has one host required to complete its life cycle.
Blastomussa merleti, commonly known as pineapple coral, is a species of large polyp stony coral.
This species was named in honor of Sir Charles Wyville Thomson, chief scientist on the Challenger expedition.
It was described by Struve in 1958, and the type species is Delocare boopis, which was originally described under the genus Cryphaeys by Richter in 1909.
The coral structure resembles that of elk antlers.
Phyllograptus is a graptolite genus of the order Graptoloidea, in the family Phyllograptidae.
Sonatsa is a genus of marine, mud-dwelling polychaete worms containing the sole species Sonatsa meridionalis.
Amphipneustes koehleri is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae.
Nymphon is a genus of sea spiders in the family Nymphonidae.
Styela clava is a hardy species that can live at temperatures between −2 and 27 °C, but only breeds above 15 °C.
Frammia is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Silurian in what is now Canada.
It is unknown whether the specimens found to date were adult or larval forms.
It lived during the early Cambrian in the Chengjiang fauna of Yunnan, China, and in Australia and Thailand.
Ophiothrix fragilis is a species of brittle star in the order Ophiurida.
Specimens of this species were previously misidentified with Clathrina clathrus
Both species differ in size and form.
Siberaspidoidei is a taxon of extinct amphiaspidid heterostracan agnathans whose fossils are restricted to Lower Devonian marine strata of Siberia near the Taimyr Peninsula.
Guancha blanca is a species of sponge in the genus Guancha.
It belongs to the Plagiorchiata, a large suborder of the digenean fluke order Plagiorchiida.
The bilateral features evolved as adaptations to a burrowing lifestyle.
Gymnostomix is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Bipalium is a genus of large predatory land planarians.
Xestospongia arenosa van Soest & de Weerdt, 2001
Several strains of E. granulosus have been identified, and all but two are noted to be infective in humans.
In pelagic species such as Pelagothuria natatrix, the skeleton is absent and there is no calcareous ring.
Ophiotaenia ranae is a tapeworm of frogs in Japan.
Durinia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
It occurs on reefs in shallow water in the West Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea.
Heterodera is a genus of nematodes in the family Heteroderidae.
The species can be assigned to one of the modern families, the Peripatidae.
There is a famous fossil shale from the Middle Cambrian, the Burgess Shale of British Columbia, which has yielded Pikaia fossils.
The family Trichinellidae includes the genus Trichinella.
Bolinopsis infundibulum, the common northern comb jelly, is a species of comb jelly in the family Bolinopsidae.
The population density of these sponges is going down because of oil spills and other pollution.
Athyris, Composita, and Meristella are representative genera.
Infection occurs in the definitive host when the animal eats an infected rodent.
The mandibulates constitute the largest and most varied arthropod group.
The family contains two genera and ten species and includes the longest millipedes in North America, with individuals reaching up to 16.5 cm long.
Like all cyclophyllideans, E. granulosus has four suckers on its scolex, and E. granulosus also has a rostellum with hooks.
The term Radiata has united several different groupings of animals, some of which do not form a monophyletic group under current views of animal phylogeny.
Celerina heffernani, known commonly as the Hefferman's Starfish, is a species of marine echinoderms in the family Ophidiasteridae.
They reproduce asexually by transverse fission of their bodies.
This worm has bioluminescent properties; its body fluids and the sticky slime it exudes when stimulated emit a bluish glow.
Narcomedusans are mostly inhabitants of the open sea and deep waters.
Asthenosoma periculosum is a species of sea urchin of the family Echinothuriidae.
They are commonly referred to as beak-thrower worms or bloodworms.
Coralliodrilus randyi is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm, first found in Belize, on the Caribbean side of Central America.
The virus attaches to the interior cuticle lining and can be transferred from infected to uninfected root tissue as the nematode feeds and sheds.
It occurs on shallow reefs off the coasts of Panama, Belize, the Florida Keys and Jamaica.
It is known only from a skull found at the Huizachal Canyon locality, "a Pliensbachian floodplain siltstone in the La Boca Formation".
Some species live freely, either swimming, crawling or burrowing, and these are known as "errant".
The names Madrepore and Madreporaria were formerly applied universally to any stony coral of the family Scleractinia.
Filientomon is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
Aedulla is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
The Entognatha are a class of wingless arthropods, which, together with the insects, makes up the subphylum Hexapoda.
Homosteus is a genus of flattened arthrodire placoderm from the Middle Devonian.
Cnemidocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Babakina is a genus of sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Flabellinoidea.
They are notable for the groups of cilia they use for swimming, and they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia.
It contains only one species, Liriope tetraphylla.
It is subject to large population swings, and has been held responsible for the death of farmed salmon in Norway.
Forms related to Charnia were once believed to be related to sea-pens, although this hypothesis has been questioned based on several lines of evidence.
Cinctiporidae is a bryozoan family in the order Cyclostomatida.
The Forcipulatida are an order of sea stars, containing three families and 49 genera.
In developing strategies for aquaculture and propagation assisted rehabilitation of mahseer species, resolution of taxonomic ambiguities is needed.
Members of the genus are found in tropical waters in the Indo-Pacific.
Lacorsalina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Phacellophyllum caespitosum is an extinct species of tabulate coral.
Opisthorchis felineus, or cat liver fluke is a trematode parasite that infects the liver in mammals.
E. soleae can live up to c.120 days in seawater.
Most leech species, however, are predatory, feeding primarily by swallowing other invertebrates.
Tracheliastes polycolpus is a copepod ectoparasite of a number of freshwater fish in Western Europe, including Leuciscus burdigalensis, the beaked dace.
Capitata is a suborder of Hydrozoa, a class of marine invertebrates belonging to the phylum Cnidaria.
It also contains three presently undescribed species.
They exist in soil in areas with hot climates or short winters.
Irciniidae is a family of marine demosponges.
Each zooid is a few millimetres in size, but is embedded in a common gelatinous tunic that joins all of the individuals.
A single female can lay as many as 3,500 eggs.
Infections result from the ingestion of intermediate hosts containing L3 stage nematodes.
Melithaea is a genus of octocorals in the family Melithaeidae.
Elaeophora sagitta is a parasitic nematode found in the heart, coronary arteries and pulmonary arteries of several ruminant species and African buffaloes in Africa.
Many of the Late Devonian genera, such as Psammolepis, were among the largest heterostracans ever, growing to be at least 1.5 metres in width.
Isis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
Caenorhabditis elegans is a free-living, transparent nematode, about 1 mm in length, that lives in temperate soil environments.
these may have had canals connecting them to the axis.
Cidaris nuda was first scientifically described in 1903 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
Dictyoceratida is an order of sponges in the subclass Ceractinomorpha containing five families.
After the larval worms are released from the host fish, they are ingested by copepods which act as an intermediate host.
It was formally described in 2011 and placed in a newly erected genus of its own.
Bathynotus is a genus of trilobites of the family Bathynotidae.
Aplanulata is a suborder of Hydrozoa, a class of marine invertebrates belonging to the phylum Cnidaria.
It grows in depths between 200 metres and 1,300 metres at temperatures between 2 °C and 8 °C.
Some species, such as the Canadian T. inauditus, are thought to be comparable in size to other thelodonts, i.e., from 5 to 15 centimeters in length.
Cespitularia is a genus of soft corals in the Xeniidae family.
Its cephalon is composed of at least five segments, and its elongated thorax is composed of 27+ segments.
The posterior part of the body of L. vera is asymmetrical.
Uroleptus musculus is a species of ciliates.
Cerauropeltis is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician of what is now New York, U.S.A.
Thomas Cavalier-Smith, in 1983, redefined Radiata as a subkingdom consisting of Myxozoa, Placozoa, Cnidaria and Ctenophora.
M. quadrifasciata constructs mud hives in the hollows of trees to create thin passages that only allow one bee to pass at a time.
Anthopleura ballii, commonly known as the red speckled anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.
Astrangia is a genus of stony corals in the family Rhizangiidae.
It parasitises freshwater fishes from Papua New Guinea, particularly Glossamia gjellerupi and Melanotaenia affinis.
Because of this and problems of homoplasy associated with using body symmetry as a phylogenetic character, the term is used mostly in a historical context.
Belonolaimus gracilis is a plant pathogenic nematode.
It is a vermiform mesozoan parasite that infects the renal appendages of the cephalopod Octopus sasakii.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
It is found floating in the open sea in the Indo-Pacific region.
The free end of each cylinder communicates outside by large osculum.
It came from the genus Ammotrophus and lives in the sea.
Calymene tristani is a trilobite belonging to the order Phacopida family Calymene.
It has more support among paleontologists who consider it a sister group to Arachnomorpha, which includes trilobites and chelicerates.
Taenia rileyi is a tapeworm of the genus Taenia from the United States.
It is found on reefs in the Caribbean area.
Tropiometra is a genus of crinoids in the family Tropiometridae.
Colobocentrotus atratus, the helmet urchin or shingle urchin, is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinometridae.
They are commonly known as needle corals, birdsnest corals or finger corals.
Monobrachiidae is a taxonomic family of hydroids.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Glomeris connexa is a species of pill millipedes.
E. kathrynaen is similar to E. cirripapillata, but lacks characteristic papillae on its cirri.
Its common name is candy cane sponge.
The Atlantic purple sea urchin is a species of sea urchins from the family Arbaciidae, native to the Atlantic Ocean.
Cyclopygids had between 7 and 5 thorax segments, a wide and stout axis, and short side lobes.
The thorax of proetids was made up of anywhere between 8–22 segments, but most commonly 10.
The ovaries' eggs are protected by just a single layer of cells.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Graeffe's sea cucumber is found in the tropical Indo-Pacific Ocean and the type locality is Viti Island, Fiji.
That is, they consist of at least two unrelated groups.
Dactylochirotida is an order of primitive sea cucumbers.
Tylenchorhynchus maximus is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting barley.
Paravinciguerria is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony and ray-finned fish that lived during the lower Cenomanian, an age within the Cretaceous period.
It was first discovered in 1884 in a cat's liver by Sebastiano Rivolta of Italy.
Most sea anemone species are harmless to humans, but at least some Stichodactyla are highly venomous and their sting may cause anaphylactic shock and organ failure.
It is known from subtidal coralline sands in Îlet à Fajou, Guadeloupe, the Caribbean.
It is a prominent member of the Sirius Passet fauna.
An adult human's immune system typically removes the parasite before permanent damage is done.
Erinaceusyllis ettiennei is a species belonging to the phylum Annelida, a group known as the segmented worms.
Hypoechinorhynchidae is a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.
It is a jawless fish and has a body plan that resembles early paleozoic fish.
Erratencrinurus is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now northern Germany.
Mollisonia is a genus of epifaunal detritivorous arthropod known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
C. pugaporcinus has been found to feed mainly on pelagic phytoplankton, as well as pelagic foraminiferans, silicoflagellates, dinoflagellates, and marine protists.
Dictyonellidae is a family of sponges from Halichondrida order.
The surface of blue coral and similar species appears smooth and the color in life is a distinctive grey-brown with white tips.
Mesoglossus intermedius is a species of acorn worms in the family Harrimaniidae, which is endemic to Northern California.
They lack either an internal skeleton or exoskeleton, but maintain their structure with fluid-filled coelom chambers that function as a hydrostatic skeleton.
It was described by Zhou in 1983, and the type species is Echinophacops mirabilis.
Frenulina is a extant genus of brachiopods, known from shallow waters in the warmer parts of the Pacific and Indian Oceans.
Filifera is a suborder of Hydrozoa, a class of marine invertebrates belonging to the phylum Cnidaria.
It may even appear to be a species of slender sea anemone on first appearance, although they are only very distantly related.
Park rangers have discouraged fossil collection in the park; fossils are on display in the park's shop and are available for sale from some dealers.
Eastmanosteus is a fossil genus of dunkleosteid placoderms.
The frontal wall is usually covered with small pores and numerous larger pores along the margin.
The big tubercles and irregular body form give an "irregular, soft and almost repulsive" appearance .
It can be found in deep waters in the Gulf of Mexico.
Proisocrinus ruberrimus is a species of crinoids that is in the monotypic genus Proisocrinus.
Dugesia burmaensis is a species of freshwater dugesiid found in Burma.
Out of different types of worms, Trichuris vulpis is one of the smaller worms with a size ranging from 30–50 mm in length.
The worms are unable to reproduce in humans.
They also have two suckers, one at each end.
The planar hydroid, Sertularella arbuscula, is a branching colonial hydroid in the family Sertulariidae.
The parasite’s eggs hatch in the water and the miracidium invades the foot of the snails.
Strongylocentrotus droebachiensis is commonly known as the green sea urchin because of its characteristic green color.
Limaysaurus is a herbivorous rebbachisaurid sauropod dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of northwestern Patagonia.
It was described by Xiang and Zhang in 1985, and the type species is Aistagnostus laevigatus.
Miranella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Aporocidaris fragilis was first scientifically described in 1907 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz & Hubert Lyman Clark.
The nervous system is as yet unknown.
It is a rare fossil found in strata just above the Maotianshan Shale, where the Chengjiang Biota are found.
Iolgia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Members of this genus are found at depths down to about 900 metres.
In 1984, that species, Eurypterus remipes was named the state fossil of New York.
Land planarians are unique in that they possess a "creeping sole" on their ventral side.
The most well-known leech species, Hirudo medicinalis, belongs to the Arhynchobdellida.
It was originally interpreted as living 428 million years ago, in the Late Silurian; however, the study conducted by Suarez et al.
With the description of three species from the same location, polymorphism was another prospect but seemed unlikely.
Specimen length ranges from 8 inches to 12 inches.
It occurs in much of the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
Scrupocellaria prolata is a species of gymnolaematan bryozoans first described from the Queensland coast.
Phacops rana is a species of trilobite from the middle Devonian period.
It is the type species of the genus Ophiopsila
Pseudorhabdosynochus marcellus is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of the malabar grouper, Epinephelus malabaricus.
It was most likely an ambush predator lying in wait here and there on the shallow sea bottom.
Araeosoma splendens was first scientifically described in 1934 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
Anthopleura sola, commonly known as the starburst anemone or giant green anemone, is a species of sea anemone of the family Actiniidae.
Data from Schjørring and Jäger's article  shows that incestuous mating among S. Solidus significantly reduced the success of egg hatching.
Also prominent are the large mosaic eyes.
Mermithidae are confusable with the horsehair worms of the phylum Nematomorpha that have a similar life history and appearance.
Procotyla is a genus of freshwater triclad.
This is a fairly new identified endoparasite that was found in 1955 by Mudaliar and Ramanujachari, who first recorded the parasite in India.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
Aegrotocatellus is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Nunavut, Canada.
There are advantages and disadvantages to each of these three options.
Cnemidocarpa hartogi Michaelsen, 1927: synonym of Cnemidocarpa irene
Loxechinus albus or Chilean sea urchin is an echinoderm of the family Parechinidae, native to the coasts of Chile and Peru.
Cladoplumaria Ansin Agis, Ramil & Vervoort, 2004
Platystrophia is an extinct genus of brachiopods that lived from the Ordovician to the Silurian in Asia, Europe, North America, and South America.
It is found on submerged rocks, shells, piles and boats in many coastal areas around the world.
They are found subtidally, attached to slow-moving submerged objects or organisms.
They can be best distinguished from the other springtail groups by their body shape.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
Arbacia spatuligera is a species of sea urchin of the family Arbaciidae.
Actinocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoid from the Early Carboniferous of Europe and North America.
Coosia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Its members are known as crown-of-thorns starfish.
Drepanopyge is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The salp strains the pumped water through its internal feeding filters, feeding on phytoplankton.
Pachyiulus asiaeminoris is a species of millipede from Julidae family.
Like C. coriacea, the spicules are exclusively three-pointed triactines.
Serrodiscus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
They were at one time placed in the earthworm family Glossoscolecidae, but at present are considered to constitute their own family.
Slugs in this family make and use love darts made of chitin.
However, Denison points out that the two species are not distinct from Microsteus, and synonymized Parawalterosteus with the former genus.
The typical tolypelepid had a carapace formed from dorsal and ventral plates, and a scaly tail.
Culeolus uschakovi Redikorzev, 1941: synonym of Culeolus suhmi Herdman, 1881
Homagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now north Wales.
Over many generations, the colony thus creates a large skeleton that is characteristic of the species.
It is also related to Falcaustra pelusios, a nematode that infects the gastrointestinal tract of turtles.
Oxyagnostus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
The fish has venomous spines to ward off enemies.
Pseudorhabdosynochus woodi is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of the Red hind, Epinephelus guttatus.
Centrostephanus coronatus, as known as Crowned Sea Urchin, is a sea urchin in the family Diadematidae.
It is found in shallow subtidal and intertidal habitats in the far north of North Island, New Zealand.
It was described by Lane in 1972, and the type species is Chiozoon cowiei.
Previously it had been classified as a larval tetrapod, unarmored placoderm, an agnathan, and a chimera.
Olbiaspididae is a family of extinct amphiaspidid heterostracan agnathans whose fossils are restricted to Lower Devonian marine strata of Siberia near the Taimyr Peninsula.
Paradasys subterraneus is a Gastrotricha with a bodylength up to 0.6 mm.
Anisakis is a genus of parasitic nematodes, which have lifecycles involving fish and marine mammals.
The genus is endemic to California in the United States, where it is distributed in the Coast Ranges and the Sierra Nevada.
Lumbriculus multiatriatus was described by Yamaguchi in 1937 from several specimens from Sakhalin and Hokkaidō.
It is known to be eaten by hawksbill turtles.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
They are marine organisms; most are found on the continental shelf.
They were important reef-forming organisms because of their conical shapes, attaching spines, and gregarious habits.
Caenopedina diomedeae is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae.
The parasite is currently distributed in wild ruminants in North America and Europe, including Austria, Canada, Czechia, Croatia, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Serbia, Slovakia, and USA.
Lelapiidae is a family of the order Leucosolenida.
It is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.
It ranges from Queensland through New South Wales and Victoria into South Australia.
Inimicus sinensis, also known as the spotted ghoul, Chinese stinger, spotted stingerfish, or spotted stonefish, is a member of the Inimicus genus of venomous fishes.
Erpobdella is a genus of leeches in the family Erpobdellidae.
It has been placed in the subgenus Mertensiothuria making its full scientific name Holothuria leucospilota.
Genera of Damesellidae are restricted to Middle to Upper Cambrian marine strata, and may represent a transition between Cambrian-aged lichids, and odontopleurids of Odontopleuridae.
Pentamerus is a prehistoric genus of brachiopods that lived from the Silurian to the Middle Devonian in Asia, Europe, and North America.
Like the related Rotula, it is still extant.
The specific name justinella is in honor of parasitologist Jean-Lou Justine from National Museum of Natural History in France.
Their fossils are known from the Cambrian.
Dickinsoniidae is a taxon of Ediacaran fossils with an airbed-like quilted morphology, sometimes found in association with bizarre trace fossils.
Phryssonotus is a genus of bristle millipedes containing around nine species.
Cyranorhis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
The arachnomorph concept has been challenged by suggestions that the trilobites fall in the mandibulata stem-group.
Unlike its relative, however, the various species of Titanichys had small, ineffective-looking mouth-plates that lacked a sharp cutting edge.
The bat star, also known as a sea bat, webbed star, and broad-disk star, is a species of sea star in the family Asterinidae.
Pachymerium is a genus of centipedes in the family Geophilidae, containing the following species:
Nematostella is a genus of sea anemones in the family Edwardsiidae.
It is in the sub-class Hexacorallia of corals with sixfold symmetry.
Members of the family are found in the Atlantic Ocean and the Antarctic.
It is the only species in the genus Camerata.
These arthropods lived on the sea bottom and lived off dead particulate organic matter.
This is a whitish sponge which appears as a mass of irregular, convoluted tubes.
The Zoroasteridae are one of three families of Asteroidea in the order Forcipulatida.
They also parasitize other hosts such as olive, grape, persimmon and lilac.
Amblypneustes formosus is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae.
Individuals range from 40–70 mm long and possess 55 to 70 segments.
Jenkins and Crompton in 1979 argued Morganucodon was a subjective synonym of Eozostrodon, yet Clemens argued for the distinction.
Sycon faulkneri is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Sycettidae.
The parasite cannot survive in the high salinity of sea water, so the infection is not spread by the migration of fish.
Ellisella is an Octocorallia genus, commonly known as sea whip, and it belongs to the Ellisellidae family.
It is the most speciose demosponge order with over 2200 species.
Meloidogyne javanica reproduces by obligatory mitotic parthenogenesis.
Oikopleura is a genus of Tunicata in the class Appendicularia.
The latter might be a natural, monophyletic group of hirudiniform proboscisless leeches.
Chondrilla nucula, sometimes called the "Caribbean Chicken-liver sponge," is a sea sponge belonging to the phylum Porifera.
Amphipneustes rostratus is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae.
It is the only member of the monotypic genus Dactylotrochus.
Pseudorhabdosynochus americanus is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of groupers.
It contains one of the most popular pet scorpions, the emperor scorpion.
Euphoberia armigera is a species of myriapod that lived until the Pennsylvanian epoch 332–318 million years ago.
Amphipholis squamata, common names brooding snake star and dwarf brittle star, is a species of brittle star in the family Amphiuridae.
Loveniidae is a family of heart urchins in the order Spatangoida.
Many radial segment lines — somewhat pineapple-like — extend across the outer disks.
The genus Colossendeis includes the largest pycnogonids, with leg spans of about 40–50 centimetres.
It occurs in shallow water in the Indo-Pacific region.
Protopteraspis also did not possess the cornua found on the headshields of other pterapsids; rather, it had "small points" behind the gill opening.
The clade was conceived largely on the basis of the Hyperoartia being more closely related to the Gnathostomata than the Myxini.
All three currently described species come from the same strata near Foum Zguid in southern Morocco.
It was described by Eschscholtz in 1829 and is endemic to Altai Mountains in Russia.
Ailsacrinus is an extinct genus of crinoid from the Middle Jurassic of Europe.
The thorax and pygidium are very regularly divided into up to 23 rather narrow segments, without a furrow within each of the pleurae.
The siphuncle begins orthochoanitic and central, becoming cyrtochoatitic and subcentral with growth.
There are about 188 species in the genus found in shallow waters around the world.
Adult worms are found in the nasal sinuses of mustelids.
Number of lenses has been estimated at 560 or 450 incomplete preservation accounting for the uncertainty.
They live usually buried in the bottom mud and migrate into deeper water to spawn.
Eoperipatus totoro is a species of velvet worm of the Peripatidae family.
Members of this genus are widespread in both the Atlantic Ocean and the Indo-Pacific.
Porites lobata, known by the common name lobe coral, is a species of stony coral in the family Poritidae.
Fossils are found in sedimentary rocks laid down in the Early Carboniferous period some 360 to 320 million years ago.
Kudoa whippsi is a myxosporean parasite of marine fishes, first discovered in Australia from 8 pomacentrid species and 1 apogonid species.
A. galli is the most prevalent and pathogenic species, especially in domestic fowl, Gallus domesticus Linnaeus, 1758.
Hemicycliophora arenaria is a plant pathogenic nematode.
Giant tube worms, Riftia pachyptila, are marine invertebrates in the phylum Annelida related to tube worms commonly found in the intertidal and pelagic zones.
The genus is found in the central-east Atlantic, Mediterranean, and western Indian Ocean.
Other sources expand the range from the Late Ordovician to Carboniferous, approximately from 449 to 336 Ma.
Common colors include black and dull shades of green, olive, brown, purple, blue, and red.
Although their name suggests they have myriad legs, myriapods range from having up to 750 legs to having fewer than ten legs.
Cannonballs are prominent from North America's eastern seaboard all the way to Brazil, but are also found in parts of the Pacific.
Olindias is a genus of jellyfish in the family Olindiidae.
Like other taenids, humans are the definitive hosts, but in contrast, pigs, wild boars, as well as cattle can serve as intermediate hosts.
Praecambridium sigillum is an extinct organism that superficially resembles a segmented trilobite-like arthropod, though the majority of experts now place it within the Proarticulata.
In larger specimens, the oral disk becomes densely curved and frilly.
prior to animals with true segmentation such as annelids and arthropods.
Like other notostracans, L. apus has a broad carapace, long segmented abdomen, and large numbers of paddle-like legs.
This fossil is of the form of an elongate bag-like sandstone cast tapering to a cone on one end.
Kuanyangia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The fossils of the various genera are found in Early to Middle Devonian strata in Southern China and Middle Devonian strata in Vietnam.
It is the type species of the genus Diazona.
The Callyspongiidae are a demosponge family in the order Haplosclerida.
Studies of this parasitic worm have shown that the manipulative tactics of Paragordius tricuspidatus may be chemically based.
The first specimen was dredged from the waters of what is now Indonesia in 1900.
If none develops, then the animal becomes sterile.
It is found in Spain and Italy.
This causes some specimens to be described as having a characteristic "snowplow" shaped cephalon.
Dicksonosteus is an extinct genus of basal arthrodire, placoderm fish, which lived during the Early Devonian period of Spitsbergen, Norway.
In freshwater aquaria they may be referred to as detritus worms.
Habitat loss and degradation are thought to be the cause of the species' decline.
Sycyssa is a genus of calcareous sponges belonging to the family Grantiidae.
This species probably has no polyp stage and is holoplanktonic.
It contains the subfamilies Biceratopsinae and Bristoliinae.
Williams and Chen, transferred all the Atlantic species of Pseudopterogorgia to Antillogorgia.
Hedgpethia chitinosa Hilton, 1943 — Pacific Ocean: California coast
They are part of the family Lumbriculidae, which are among the largest of the microdriles.
The holotype is in the Museum of Zoology, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.
It is also native to Southern Arabia, especially in Dhofar.
Codiopsis L. Agassiz, in Agassiz & Desor, 1846†
This species is widespread throughout the western Pacific and eastern Indian Oceans.
A muscular proboscis is located at the anterior end, and is sometimes very weakly developed or absent."
It is known from subtidal zone of the Atlantic coast of Florida in the Hutchinson Island.
Polish locations known to have produced specimens of the taxon include chalk-pits and quarries in Nasiłów, Lubycza Królewska and Mielnik.
This feather star is often clinged to gorgonians, exposed their open arms to the marine flow to optimise the nutriment capture.
Guancha ramosa is a species of calcareous sponges from Chile.
Their tegument is somewhat sticky because of the anchor-like spicules that project through the skin.
Even so, the reconstructed anatomy leads some researchers to conclude that Taemasosteus is close to the ancestry of Homostiidae.
The clade Rhabditophora was originally erected by Ulrich Ehlers in 1985 based on morphological analyses and its monophyly was later confirmed by molecular studies.
Clinostomum marginatum is a species of parasitic fluke.
It is closely related to Crossota millsae.
The surface has sharp protruding spicules which can cause skin irritation if touched.
Ptychoparia is a genus of ptychopariid trilobites, and is the type genus of the family Ptychopariidae, and the order Ptychopariida.
Cyrtometopus is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida.
Astropecten irregularis is a sea star of the family Astropectinidae.
V. languedocianus was discovered in Montagne Noire, France, dating to the Lower Languedocian and referred to the Solenopleuropsis Zone.
The Ivell's sea anemone is a species of invertebrate in the Edwardsiidae family.
Leucettidae is an order of sea sponges in the subclass Calcinea.
Leptochilodiscus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Marsupostrongylus longilarvatus is a metastrongyl found in various marsupials.
They are typically found in shallow coastal and tidal areas of most coasts around the world.
Cathaymyrus is a genus of Early Cambrian cephalochordate known from the Chengjiang locality in Yunnan Province, China.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Ixion Alderslade, 2001* [genus name "Ixion" is preoccupied by Reitter, 1873]
Known from the Lower Devonian to the Upper Pennsylvanian, Xyloiuloidea consists of four families and several genera.
The genus was named after Cybele, the ancient Oriental and Greco-Roman goddess representing Gaia, the deified Earth Mother.
The Articulata hypothesis is the grouping in a higher taxon of animals with segmented bodies, consisting of Annelida and Panarthropoda.
However a major revision was made by Kier in 1967 who recognized the order.
Kallirhynchia is an extinct genus of brachiopods found in Jurassic strata in Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, India and Uzbekistan.
Occasionally, they are found in the eyeball itself, either under the conjunctiva or in the vitreous cavity of the eyeball.
True leeches are subdivided into two groups, the Arhynchobdellida or Arhynchobdellae, and the Rhynchobdellida or Rhynchobdellae.
It has been found exclusively in coal deposits.
It is placed in the genus Antrechinus and lives in the sea.
Furcalithus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The type specimen was described from Ebersdorf, Upper Franconia.
Colpophyllia is a genus of stony corals in the Mussidae family.
Allojapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
This is a small tubular sponge found on soft substrates in deep waters in the Eastern Mediterranean Sea.
It can be recognized by its strongly effaced headshield and tailshield, with narrow but distinct furrows and borders along its margins, and three thorax segments.
Corynexochida is an order of trilobite that lived from the Lower Cambrian to the Middle Devonian.
The larvae are so small that they are easily transmitted from an adult female to her nursing kittens through her milk.
Caenopedina novaezealandiae is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae.
Three specimens were found in Prospero's Cave, a limestone cave near Castle Harbor in Hamilton Parish, Bermuda.
Houssayella iguazuensis Bonetto & Ezcurra de Drago, 1966
It is found in warm parts of the western Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
It is named in honor of deep sea ecologist Hjalmar Thiel.
Communities that practice sheep farming experience the highest risk to humans, but wild animals can also serve as an avenue for transmission.
The body is mostly grey-green while the tentacles are brown, red or purple with darker bands.
It occurs in shallow tropical reefs, in shallow protected lagoons and at lagoon entrances, to depths from 1–10 m.
The frontal lobe of the central raised area of the headshield overhangs the short frontal border and it is slightly pointed, rather than rounded or truncate.
Species of the genus are known from Canada, Norway and Sweden.
Lorensella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
In old literature Polyzoa was used as the name of the phylum Bryozoa.
This deep-sea comb jelly is named for Alvin pilot Dudley Foster, who collected the first specimens.
Pseudojudomia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It is placed in the genus Asthenosoma and lives in the sea.
Mizia is a genus of primitive antiarch placoderm found in Emsian-aged marine strata of Early Devonian China.
Epiactis prolifera, the brooding, proliferating or small green anemone, is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Actiniidae.
Dendrodoa grossularia is a species of tunicate or sea squirt in the family Styelidae.
C. penneri is found only in Mexico.
It is sometimes referred to as a "Pumpkin sea star".
Crossota norvegica is a species of jellyfish in the phylum Cnidaria in the genus Crossota.
They have two eyes and five tentacles.
Ophiocoma is a genus of brittle star belonging to the family Ophiocomidae.
Prosphymaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish, which lived during the Late Devonian period of Europe.
Vendiamorpha is a class of extinct animals within the Ediacaran phylum Proarticulata.
Cnidarians' activities are coordinated by a decentralized nerve net and simple receptors.
Pratylenchus zeae is a plant-pathogenic nematode found on potatoes, corn, cereal, tobacco, coffee, blackberry, and found most often on sugarcane.
However, in terms of anatomical comparison, the earliest redlichiid species are probably ancestral to all other trilobite orders and share many primitive characters.
The species is rated as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List, with a decreasing population, and is affected by disease.
L. luymesi provides the bacteria with hydrogen sulfide and oxygen by taking them up from the environment and binding them to a specialized hemoglobin molecule.
In addition, it is relatively large, and requires ant as intermediate host to complete its life cycle.
They were naval surgeons serving in the French Navy and made extensive collections of organisms they came across in their travels.
It inhabits the deep sea where the adult is found on the seabed.
Allothereua maculata is a species of centipede found in Australia known as the house centipede – a name applied elsewhere to other species.
Geodia acanthylastra is a sponge species from the Geodiidae family.
Draconichthys elegans is a selenosteid arthrodire placoderm from the Late Frasnian Kellwasserkalk facies of the Anti-Atlas Mountains of what is now Morocco.
Later, another species of the same genus was described.
Upon hatching, the larvae begin to alter their host's behavior.
Lyssacinosa is an order of glass sponges belonging to the subclass Hexasterophora.
Aaglacrinus is an extinct species of crinoidea in the Cladia order.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Pocillopora inflata is a species of stony coral in the family Pocilloporidae.
Synoicum pulmonaria, the tennis ball ascidian or sea-fig, is a species of colonial sea squirt, a tunicate in the family Polyclinidae.
'Platynosomum capranum is a kind of Trematoda and usually distributed in Kunming, Mainland China.
Cystoidea is a class of extinct crinozoan echinoderms, termed cystoids, that lived attached to the sea floor by stalks.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
It is found in shallow seas in tropical parts of the Indo-Pacific region.
Oulactis muscosa, also known as the sand anemone and speckled anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.
Its fossils occur worldwide from the Devonian to the Permian periods.
Chasmataspids are most easily recognised by having an abdomen divided into a short forepart and a longer hindpart comprising nine segments.
Borojevia tetrapodifera is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Borojevia from New Zealand.
Doremataopsis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
They belong to the phylum of echinoderms, which includes sea urchins, sea cucumbers, and sea stars.
Eudendrium deforme is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid in the family Eudendriidae.
Haliclystus antarcticus is a stalked jellyfish which lives on rocky shore lines in the Southern hemisphere.
It lived during the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period, approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
Mucrospirifer lived in muddy marine sediments, and were attached to the sea floor via the pedicle.
Other common names include bank worm, tree worm, and gilt tail.
Aaptos pernucleata is a sea sponge belonging to the phylum Porifera.
Stemmiulida is an order of millipedes consisting of approximately 130 species, reaching up to 50 mm in length.
Pectinaria is a genus of sand tube-building annelid fanworms in the family Pectinariidae.
In the 19th century, the Mesozoa were a wastebasket taxon for multicellular organisms which lacked the invaginating gastrula which was thought to define the Metazoa.
It can vary from 5 mm in length when hatched to approximately 17 centimetres in mature adults.
Ditylenchus dipsaci is an plant pathogenic nematode that primarily infects onion and garlic.
Oftentimes, it is covered in sand and algae.
The Microstomidae are a family of small basal free-living flatworms, and members of the marine, brackish, freshwater meiobenthos and plankton.
Amphipneustes rostratus was first scientifically described in 1926 by Koehler.
The parasite cannot be seen with the naked eye, but it can be seen with a hand held lens.
Aplidium californicum is a species of colonial sea squirt, a tunicate in the family Polyclinidae.
But that seems as spurious as the erstwhile placement of the Rhigonematida in subclass Tylenchia.
Nannotrigona testaceicornis is a eusocial stingless bee species of the order Hymenoptera and the genus Nannotrigona.
This filarial nematode is one of two that causes serous cavity filariasis in humans.
Most are active benthic creatures, moving over the surface or burrowing in sediments, or living in cracks and crevices in bedrock.
The glabella is short, with or without defined eye ridges connecting it with eyes of variable size.
The Catenicellidae are a family of bryozoans in the suborder Ascophora.
It is particularly susceptible to coral bleaching and is harvested for the aquarium trade.
Bohadschia argus, the leopard sea cucumber, is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Holothuriidae.
Antrechinus nordenskjoldi is a species of sea urchin of the family Urechinidae.
It grows slowly and lives to a great age.
Caenorhabditis remanei is a species of nematode found in North America and Europe, and likely lives throughout the temperate world.
Invertebrate animals commonly called "worms" include annelids, nematodes, platyhelminthes, marine nemertean worms, marine Chaetognatha, priapulid worms, and insect larvae such as grubs and maggots.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
Bugula neritina is of interest from a drug discovery perspective because it produces the bryostatins, a group of around twenty bioactive natural products.
The species is listed as Endangered on the IUCN Red List.
Abatus cordatus is a species of sea urchin of the family Schizasteridae.
The species was described by Henri de Lacaze-Duthiers in 1897 and named to honor the French marine biologist Georges Pruvot.
It is well established in many golf courses and presents a problem in turf management.
Asterospicularia is a genus of soft corals in the Xeniidae family.
Acervularia pentagona is an extinct species of tabulate coral.
It is native to shallow water in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean, especially round the coasts of Britain.
Their sizes range from 72–90 μm in length and 32–40 μm in width.
Large unidentified polyps of this genus feed on the crown-of-thorns seastar Acanthaster planci and may help control the crown-of-thorns population.
Callioplana marginata is a species of flatworm polyclads belonging to the Callioplanidae family.
It is a relatively small seahorses with a maximum reported size of 3.5 cm and is often found associated with corals.
It bears two lateral flaps and a terminal lappet which is striated, and there are no clamps - this is a characteristic of the genus Lethacotyle.
Accacoelium contortum induces a strong immune response in its host, leading to inflammation, hyperplasia and necrosis at the site of attachment.
The parasite is widespread in domestic animals in India and other Asian countries.
Centrostephanus rubricingulus was first scientifically described in 1921 by Hubert Lyman Clark.
Acropora teres is a species of acroporid coral found in the central Indo-Pacific, Southeast Asia, Japan, the East China Sea and the oceanic western Pacific Ocean.
Psammodesmus bryophorus is a keeled millipede of the family Platyrhacidae native to Colombia.
The species of Elaeophora have been found in Africa, Asia, Europe, and North America.
recovered Laquintasaura as the sister-taxon to Scutellosaurus, within the clade Thyreophora.
Amphientulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
It is an important member of the reef building community and subject to the same threats as other corals.
G. ingluvicola is commonly recognized in the esophageal epithelium of birds such as chickens, turkeys and pigeons.
It is, possibly, the smallest known species of centipede.
They are distinguished from other sea urchins by the presence of large fused plates on top of the feeding lantern.
Heterodera bifenestra is a plant pathogenic nematode, that is the causal agent of the cereal cyst nematode.
Siboglinidae, also known as the beard worms, is a family of polychaete annelid worms whose members made up the former phyla Pogonophora and Vestimentifera.
Hydra oligactis, also known as the brown hydra, is a species of hydra found widely dispersed in the northern temperate zone.
It is endemic to the island of Saint Helena in the South Atlantic.
Centipedes are arthropods belonging to the class Chilopoda of the subphylum Myriapoda.
The characteristics of the rhynchus are used to help define the genera of the family.
However, hermaphroditism being characterised as functional needs to be validated by more reproduction studies.
It is a parasite of a variety of vertebrates including human.
The generic name comes Latin siphus and auctus, referring to the general shape and size of the animal.
Heterothrissa is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the upper Cenomanian.
Flexicalymene specimens can be mistaken for Calymene, Gravicalymene, Diacalymene and a few other Calymenina genera.
Aporocidaris milleri is a species of sea urchin of the family Ctenocidaridae.
The Poduromorpha are also very plump but have a more oval shape.
Ceratarges was a genus of Lichidan Trilobite from the Middle to Late Devonian.
A. crassispina was first scientifically described in 1910 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
The organism is bioluminescent when it rises to the surface of the sea during its mating period.
He recognized the arthropod nature of the first-ever described eurypterid specimen, found by Dr. S. L. Mitchill.
Other later researchers would then mistakenly assume that Blieck synonymized the entire genus of Pteraspis into Errivaspis.
Aulodesmus is a genus of millipedes belonging to the family Gomphodesmidae.
The Cribrilinidae family is a part of the suborder Ascophora within the bryozoans.
They are characterized by their oval shape, small size, proparian sutures, and non-functional articulations of the thorax.
It inhabits the small intestine, and can be occasionally seen in commercial eggs.
The stoma is vase-like with walls that are heavily cuticularized.
Selenosteus brevis is a large selenosteid arthrodire placoderm known from the Famennian Cleveland Shales of Ohio.
Obruchev and Miles placed it within the Trematosteidae due to the presence of a postpineal fenestra.
Pavona cactus, the cactus coral, potato chip coral or leaf coral, is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Agariciidae.
It is known from the Middle Ordovician to the early Upper Triassic, reaching its largest diversity during the Carboniferous.
Erinaceusyllis cirripapillata is a species belonging to the phylum Annelida, a group known as the segmented worms.
These worms occur in Africa, Brazil, China, Indonesia and the Philippines.
The Australian tubeworm is an invasive species that dominates and alters habitats, reduces water quality, depletes resources, and causes biofouling.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
The type species, A. ritchiei is found in Givetian to early Frasnian-aged freshwater strata near what is now Mount Howitt.
Its scrappy remains were found in Eifelian-aged strata from the Tafilat-Maider Valley.
They are found in the aquarium hobby.
Some authors propose that an enigmatic Ediacaran organism Arkarua is also an edrioasteroid, but this interpretation did not gain wide acceptance.
They were formerly placed in the subclass Rhabditia by some, but morphological and DNA sequence data rather unequivocally assign them to the Spiruria.
It is from Jagorina that the details of the skull anatomy of rhenanids are known.
It is the only known species of the genus Pinguosteus.
The only known host plant of this obligate parasite is the important crop alfalfa or lucerne, Medicago sativa.
Lanice,, is a genus of burrowing marine polychaetes typically found in the littoral zone.
There are 29 described species in genus Hoplolaimus.
The carpet flatworm is a polyclad flatworm in the family Pseudocerotidae.
The stoma is divided into a cheilostome and an esophastome.
Anametalia sternaloides was first scientifically described in 1874 by Bolau.
Aplysina, Luffaria, and Verongia) is the name of a genus of demosponges within the phylum Porifera.
In ancient Chinese traditions, this centipede is used for its healing properties.
Species are distinguished primarily by the morphology of the stylets.
Among the late Precambrian fossil assemblage in the Nama group, Namibia, Namacalathus far outnumber Cloudina and other poorly preserved taxa and ichnofossils found in the formation.
Convoluta convoluta is a small flatworm of the class Acoela and family Convolutidae.
Amplexopora is a genus of bryozoans known in the rock record from the Ordovician to the Permian periods.
They are members of the phylum Cnidaria, class Hydrozoa, order Capitata, family Milleporidae.
Brissopsis similis was first scientifically described in 1948 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
Myxine mcmillanae, the Caribbean hagfish, is a species of hagfish.
Ophiactis savignyi is a species of brittle star in the family Ophiactidae, commonly known as Savigny's brittle star or the little brittle star.
It was a facultatively mobile infaunal suspension feeder.
Heterodera latipons is a plant pathogenic nematode.
It also has vertebrae with streptospondylous articulation, which thus allow for vertical and horizontal movements.
Saukiella is a genus of trilobites of the Saukiidae family.
The head consists of a prostomium and a peristomium and utilized paired appendages.
The Haplotaxida are one of two orders within the annelid subclass Oligochaeta, the other being the Lumbriculida.
Alitta succinea is a species of marine annelid in the family Nereididae.
It is found in shallow water in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.
Haikouichthys  is an extinct genus of craniate believed to have lived 525 million years ago, during the Cambrian explosion of multicellular life.
Goniodiscaster is a genus of sea stars in the family Oreasteridae.
Psammosteidae is an extinct family of flattened, benthic heterostracan vertebrates that lived in marine and estuary environments in Europe, Russia & North America.
To fulfill the needs of this industry, some sandworms are commercially grown.
The species is a type of fuxianhuiid, which are distant ancestors of arthropods.
Follow-up treatment included topical thiabendazole/dexamethasone/neomycin ointment as well as selamectin.
Resseropsis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
There are over 250 described species in this genus.
4 specimens of Branchiocaris are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed, where they comprise <0.1% of the community.
Body length ranges from 17 to 27 mm, with up to 81 body segments.
Vendoconularia is a genus of Ediacaran organism consisting of a hexagonal cone, which is thought to have housed a tentaculate organism.
Scutigera is a centipede genus in the family Scutigeridae.
Micropalaeosoma balticus is an extinct, fossil turbellarian flatworm known from Baltic amber of Kaliningrad, Russia, that lived approximately 40 million years ago.
Its advantages include the small size and short generation time.
It resembles Salvatoria swedmarki and S. celiae, differing from pilkena in that the latter has significantly longer proventricles, while its compound chaetae are short and unidentate.
The zooids are all joined to each other to the extent that they are incapable of independent survival.
It was first authenticated and described by Carter in 1875.
Pangolinisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
Under the New Zealand Threat Classification System it is classed a "Data Deficient".
It is placed in the genus Amphipneustes and lives in the sea.
This results in different life cycles, as well as intermediate hosts, across the United States.
The authors also identify a dark strand on the lower interior surface of the anterior section, which they speculate is an endostyle.
Ananaspis is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now the Czech Republic.
The headshield extends posteriorly to form a long abdominal division which probably reached the anal region.
It is found in shallow waters in the Indo-Pacific region.
The genus belongs to the family Phascolosomatidae.
Cavernularia obesa is a species of marine cnidarians in the family Veretillidae.
Rhabdopleura is the best studied pterobranchs in developmental biology.
Alitta is a genus of marine annelids in Nereididae family.
It is easily recognized thanks to its extended fan-like spines.
The bell trumpet jelly, Lipkea stephensoni, is a species of stalked jellyfish in the small family Lipkeidae.
The concentric disks are not necessarily circular, especially when adjacent individuals interfere with each other's growth.
Schizocyathus is a monotypic genus of stony corals in the family Schizocyathidae, the only species being Schizocyathus fissilis.
The type species, B. bowningi, was described originally as Encrinurus bowningi by Foerste in 1888.
At least twenty-nine species are known from southeastern China to Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Halocynthia comma Hartmeyer, 1906: synonym of Pyura comma
Planctosphaera pelagica is unique in possessing mucus secreting glands around the ciliated band.
Genarchopsis goppo is a species of a trematode, or fluke worm, in the family Derogenidae.
Pittsfordipterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid from the Silurian period in North America.
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Dichocoenia is a genus of stony coral in the family Meandrinidae.
Halichondria panicea, commonly known as the breadcrumb sponge, is a species of marine demosponge belonging to the family Halichondriidae.
Leptogorgia hebes, commonly known as the regal sea fan or false sea fan, is a species of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae.
Glyptambon is an extinct genus of Silurian trilobite in the order Phacopida.
Beaniidae is a small bryozoan family in the cheilostomatan suborder Flustrina.
The best management practices for this disease are sanitation, prevention of induction of the pathogen to the environment, and planting clean seed or starter plants.
Clathrina angraensis is a species of the genus Clathrina from Brazil.
Culeolus perlucidus Herdman, 1881: synonym of Fungulus perlucidus
Amblypneustes ovum was first scientifically described in 1816 by Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck.
Cristigerina is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Eocene.
Hydractinia altispina, the high-spined commensal hydroid, is a small colonial hydroid in the family Hydractiniidae.
At one time it was considered to be a subspecies of Swiftia rosea.
They are economically important plant parasites and virus vectors.
Palythoa toxica, also referred to by its Hawaiian common name, limu-make-o-Hana, is a species of zoanthid native to Hawaii.
The nematode can undergo multiple life cycles in one growing season when favorable conditions are present.
Astrophorida is an order of sea sponges under the class Demospongiae.
Tetraplatidae is a family of jellyfish in the order Narcomedusae.
The species is named after the country of Malaysia.
Almost all are marine organisms; some inhabit brackish or freshwater though.
It is a zooxanthellate coral that houses symbiont dinoflagellates in its tissues.
The Weymouthiidae are an extinct family of eodiscinid agnostid trilobites.
A phylogenetic analysis places Spinarerpeton as the sister taxon to Makowskia.
Geodia is a genus of sea sponge belonging to the family Geodiidae.
About 300 species in the Serpulidae family are known, all but one of which live in saline waters.
Fujientomon is a genus of hexapods in the order Protura, placed in its own family, Fujientomidae.
Myzostoma fuscomaculatum, the crinoid worm, is a species of marine worm in the family Myzostomida.
As of 2013 it consists of 25 described species.
It is native to the tropical western Atlantic Ocean where it is found growing on mangrove roots on the Belize Barrier Reef.
Gersemia rubiformis, commonly known as the sea strawberry, is a species of soft coral in the family Nephtheidae.
Gigasjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
Diaphanometopidae, are found in the Lower and Middle Ordovician of Sweden and Russia.
All other orders of this subclass, which were even more primitive than the living forms, became extinct during the Mesozoic.
It can reach a body length of 25 cm and is irregularly surfaced with spines and a knobby appearance.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Freshwater snail Neotricula aperta serves as an intermediate host for Schistosoma mekongi.
The common name, the red ring nematode, is derived from its distinguishing symptom.
Eudendrium exiguum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid in the family Eudendriidae.
Some species are extraordinarily spiny, having spiny thoracic segments that are as long or longer than the entire body, from cephalon to pygidium.
The adult structure is 20 to 60 cm long and the mature proglottid is similar to that of H. nana, except it is larger.
Ogygopsis is a genus of trilobite from the Cambrian of Antarctica and North America, specifically the Burgess Shale.
Australentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
The genus is synonymous with the previously recognised genera Prospatangus Lambert, 1902 and Spatagus.
Phyllacanthus imperialis is found throughout the Indo-Pacific region.
Found along the west coast of North America, ranging from Alaska to California.
Genetic studies show that it is closely related to Dinobdella ferox, a similar species found in Taiwan.
Their central nervous system displays characteristic apomorphies.
Along with lampreys, hagfish are jawless; they are the sister group to vertebrates, and living hagfish remain similar to hagfish from around 300 million years ago.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being "vulnerable".
Culeolus wyvillethomsoni Herdman, 1881: synonym of Culeolus wyville-thomsoni Herdman, 1881
The Venus flytrap sea anemone is a large sea anemone that superficially resembles a Venus flytrap.
The name Westlothiana means "Animal from West Lothian".
It was described by Bernard in 1896 and is found at depths of 5 to 20 metres in shallow rocky areas and reefs.
The Transvaal girdled lizard, Cordylus vittifer, is a very flattened girdled lizard from northeastern South Africa, Swaziland, and southeastern Botswana.
Cyclopygids are characterized by enlarged eyes, with a wide angle of view, both horizontal and vertical, reminiscent of the eyes of dragonflies.
One of the most conspicuous of the eunicids is the giant, dark-purple, iridescent "Bobbit worm", found at low tide under boulders on southern Australian shores.
It was originally described as a phlyctaeniid.
Scleroctenophora is an extinct class of ctenophore, known from the Chinese Maotianshan shales of Yunnan.
It is found at moderate depths on shaded rocks in the Mediterranean Sea and adjoining parts of the Atlantic Ocean.
The end of the Devonian saw them disappear in a mass extinction.
Delops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Silurian in what is now England.
They can infect the crowns, runners, foliage, and new buds of the plant via stylet penetration or through the stomata.
The seven-armed sea star is a species of sea star in the family Luidiidae.
It is listed as a vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List, and it is thought to have a decreasing population.
They can occur in very dense swarms, as solitary zooids or as colonies.
It is native to the Indo-Pacific region.
Clavelina elegans is a tunicate species in the genus Clavelina.
The first use of the term "Archimedes" in relation to this genus was in 1838.
Scutellonema brachyurum is a plant pathogenic nematode Infecting African violets.
N. armata can be found in tropical waters clinging on corals and rocky reefs; and are sometimes kept as pets in home marine aquariums.
The arrangement of teeth was complex and varied greatly among members of the Venyukoviamorpha.
A single species, T. gregarium, is known.
They are sometimes labeled as "Neptune plants".
Like modern corals, rugose corals were invariably benthic, living on the sea floor or in a reef-framework.
Brisaster moseleyi is a species of sea urchins of the Family Schizasteridae.
Phoronis psammophila is a species of marine horseshoe worm in the phylum Phoronida.
Originally it was described from large tooth plates and isolated skull roof bones by Miles & Young.
Necator is a genus that includes some species of hookworm.
Podura fuscata is a species of springtail in the genus Podura.
This starfish can be distinguished from Fromia monilis by a unique range of short spikes lying on both side of the arms groove.
Dicarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
It also had heavy scales and a symmetrical tail.
Scutellum was a genus of trilobite in the family Styginidae.
They live in tubes made of mud that project from the sand surface.
Because of its size and economic importance, it has been the subject of many scientific investigations and may be the best-known of any trematode species.
Leptasterias muelleri, the northern starfish, is a species of starfish in the family Asteriidae.
These rodents may serve as intermediate hosts.
This species is reef-associated, and lives at depths of between 10 and 82 metres.
This species is endemic to the Togian Islands in Indonesia, and is associated with specific soft corals.
Dugesia aborensis is a species of freshwater triclad found in the Abor Hills, Arunachal Pradesh, India.
Comatulids live on the seabed and on reefs in tropical and temperate waters.
The Diaphanometopidae are thought to have been an early transitional group between the Ptychopariida ancestors and all other Phacopina.
Inanidrilus speroi is a species of annelid worm.
Previous descriptions stated that the two aforementioned species possess compound chaetae blades which are long and slender.
Prostoma is a genus of freshwater nemerteans, containing the following species:
They have only one layer of cells.
It contains several species, including H. armatus and H. roemeri.
It contains two known species although, according to molecular evidences, there is probably a third one.
Eburoceras is the most strongly curved of the Cambrian ellesmeroceratids.
Diadema paucispinum, the long-spined sea urchin, is a species of sea urchin in the family Diadematidae.
The group was first described by German paleontologist Werner Janensch in 1914 with the discovery of Dicraeosaurus in Tanzania.
Francovichia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Bolivia.
Echinorhynchidae is a family of acanthocephalan parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.
Individuals vary in color from bright pink to coral, and may possess a black or purple dorsal stripe.
It was described by Latzel in 1884 and is found in Austria, Benelux, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Poland, Slovakia, Switzerland, Britain I. and Scandinavia.
N. johnstoni is most similar to N. fosteri; it infects the Australian water rat, which is semiaquatic like the marsh rice rat.
It is placed in the genus Araeosoma and lives in the sea.
It has also been found in Palau and the Mariana Islands.
Cephea is a genus of true jellyfish in the family Cepheidae.
The false plum anemone, Pseudactinia flagellifera, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Sabellastarte is a genus of marine polychaete worms in the family Sabellidae.
Tyrannobdella rex is a species of leech found in South America in the upper reaches of the Amazon.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
Lamellibrachia may also help fuel the generation of sulfide by excreting sulfate through their roots into the sediments below the aggregations.
Its specific name protensa refers to its extended trunk.
One of the morphological characteristic of the order is the presence of a stichosome.
Tymbochoos is an extinct genus of encrusting tentaculitoid tubeworms.
It includes the species Kutorgina elanica Malakhovskaya, 2013
Pristolepis pentacantha is a species of fish in the family Pristolepididae described from Kabani River of Kerala, India.
The sea peach is typically barrel shaped, growing to a height of 18 centimetres, and its body is attached directly to the substrate.
The species was described from the Shistzupu Formation in Guizhou, China.
The fine hydroid, Corhiza scotiae, is a delicate colonial hydroid in the family Halopterididae.
The ophiuroids generally have five long, slender, whip-like arms which may reach up to 60 cm in length on the largest specimens.
Ascute asconoides is a marine species of calcareous sponge from Australia.
The one unique feature that distinguishes Phacopina from all other trilobites are the very large, separately set lenses without a common cornea of the compound eye.
It occurs in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea and grows on sea fans.
It lives in burrows in shallow seas in various parts of the world.
Tylexocladus is a genus of deep-water demosponges belonging to the family Polymastiidae.
P. hamatus inhabits soils in both Europe and North America, and was originally isolated from fig in central California in 1950.
It lived in moderately deep-water in semi-tropical regions.
Corhiza is a genus of hydroids in the family Halopterididae.
The range of these fish is from Malaysia, Indonesia, and across southern Asia including the Indian Peninsula and Pakistan.
It is most closely related to the blood fluke Bivitellobilharzia loxodontae, which uses African forest elephants as a definitive host.
Sminthurids are commonly referred to as globular springtails.
Xyloplax turnerae is a sea daisy, a member of an unusual group of marine taxa belonging to the phylum Echinodermata.
Hymeniacidon is a genus of sponges in the class Demospongiae.
It was described from the Belén Formation.
It was described by Shergold and Webers in 1992, and the type species is Obelagnostus imitor.
It is variously known as the slender armed starfish, the gray sea star or the lined sea star.
As an example of paratisation, Skrjabinema ovis is known to invade the intestinal tract of the Guanaco, Lama guanacoe, after ingestion of eggs of this worm.
754 species assigned to 146 genera are included in Asaphidae.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
A survey of 160 wild animals from that region produced plausible evidence that European strains may have originated in Africa.
tegmen forming a rigid roof over the mouth
It is placed in the genus Apatopygus and lives in the sea.
Antigonariidae is a family of Acoela containing a single species in a single genus.
Lytechinus is a genus of sea urchin.
It lives mostly in forests, but can also be found in areas of coastal habitat that contain at least a few trees.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
Members of the genus include Nostolepis gracilis and Nostolepis striata.
It is found in the Red Sea and the Indo-Pacific and is the only known species of starfish to reproduce by parthenogenesis.
Eclipes is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
Myriapoda is a subphylum of arthropods containing millipedes, centipedes, and others.
The function of the bulb is as yet unknown: one hypothesis suggests sexual selection may have had a role in its evolution in the genus.
Parapagetia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Milnesium antarcticum is a species of Eutardigrades in the family Milnesiidae.
Dicyema shimantoense is a parasitic worm of the Phylum Dicyemida.
It is found on shallow water coral reefs in the tropical west Atlantic Ocean.
Kishinouyeidae is a stalked jellyfish family in the order Eleutherocarpida.
Rhynchelmis is the genus of 30 species of aquatic oligochaetes from the Northern Hemisphere, with 11 species from North America and 19 from Eurasia.
Ophiura ophiura or the serpent star is a species of brittle star in the order Ophiurida.
Like most sponges, they are filter feeders; they eat food such as plankton or suspended detritus as it passes them.
Tabulate corals with massive skeletons often contain endobiotic symbionts, such as cornulitids and Chaetosalpinx.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Well-known Haemadipsidae are for example the Indian Leech and the yamabiru or Japanese Mountain Leech.
The Porcellanasteridae are a family of sea stars in the order Paxillosida.
Japyginus is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Pomatrum is an extinct vetulicolian, the senior synonym of Xidazoon; the latter taxon was described by Shu, et al.
Yamatentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
Clathrina luteoculcitella is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Australia.
The staghorn coral is a branching, stony coral with cylindrical branches ranging from a few centimetres to over two metres in length and height.
The Heliasteridae are a family of Asteroidea in the order Forcipulatida.
Hydractinia symbiolongicarpus is one of the 30 + Hydractinia species known worldwide.
Cicindela altaica is a species of tiger beetle in the genus Cicindela.
Osedax frankpressi is a species of bathypelagic Polychaetes that is reported to sustain itself on the bones of dead whales.
Centrostephanus nitidus is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae.
Spirorbis worms usually live attached to seaweeds, but some species live directly on rocks, shells or other hard substrates.
Xenobolus carnifex is a species of spirobolidan millipede found in South India and Sri Lanka.
It contains a single species, Cutleria wilmarthi.
Some life cycles involve a definite progression of particular hosts and depend on the life cycle of the host.
Yinites is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The genus was circumscribed in 1982 with the type species Durikainema macropi, a parasite of the eastern grey kangaroo.
The color is brownish-yellow, with lighter-colored legs.
These slow-moving low-level epifaunal grazer-omnivores  lived in the Jurassic period, from 161.2 to 150.8 Ma.
Didemnum is a genus of tunicates in the family Didemnidae.
It lived from 501-490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
The Ophiurida are an order of echinoderms within the class Ophiuroidea.
It was first described in 1988 in Peninsular Malaysia and appears to be a zooenotic infection.
Crinozoa is a subphylum of mostly sessile echinoderms, of which the crinoids, or sea lilies, are the only extant members.
The trunkshield is very elongated, giving the armor an overall "barrel" like appearance.
It is placed in the genus Apatopygus and lives in the sea.
Gomophia is a genus of sea stars.
Gravicalymene is a genus of trilobites from the order Phacopida, suborder Calymenia.
However, this problem will be resolved only with more specimens.
Brissus latecarinatus is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1889 by Salden
Ellipsocephalus is an extinct genus of blind trilobite that lived during the Cambrian.
Ctenactis is a genus of solitary disc corals in the family Fungiidae.
Inanidrilus extremus is a species of annelid worm.
Sponysedrion is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
Banffia is a genus of animals described from Middle Cambrian fossils.
There are at least 86 species in four families worldwide, and are the only living members of the subclass Penicillata.
Ceratarges armatus is the type species of the trilobite genus Ceratarges in the family Lichidae.
Spines range from conical to cylindrical and usually have conical tubercles.
Both species are parasitic on the gills of jacks in the Pacific Ocean.
The skeleton consists of spicules that form a protective cup around each polyp.
Campodea is a genus of small, white, bristle-tailed arthropods in the order Diplura.
Resimopsis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It lived in the middle Permian, about 260 million years ago.
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Spirophorida is an order of sea sponges belonging to the class Demospongiae.
Eggs deposited by females are passed through the hosts feces into the environment.
John Percy Moore chose this species’ epithet ‘catenifera’ after the striking chain-striped pattern on the creature’s back.
The sea pansy is a collection of polyps with different forms and functions.
They also had tentacles to help them catch prey.
It is placed in the genus Araeosoma and lives in the sea.
The female Hedruris spinigera attaches itself onto the epithelium of the fishes' stomach using a hook at the curved tail.
Plants with the eggs on them infect any organism that consumes them.
Echinocardium cordatum, or the sea potato, is a sea urchin in the family Loveniidae.
Clathrina clara is a species of sponge in the genus Clathrina from India.
Deiphon is a distinctive genus of Silurian phacopid trilobites of the family Cheiruridae found in Western and Central Europe, and in Central and Eastern United States.
Hunnanocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Eudolatites is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic.
Trichostrongylus tenuis, also known as the strongyle worm, is a gut nematode found in the United Kingdom, sensitive to Pyrantel pamoate.
It is found in the western Indo-Pacific.
Herdmania contorta Monniot, 1992: synonym of Herdmania momus
The largest specimens were about 40 centimetres, although the average length was 20 to 24 centimetres.
It is also identified in literature with an alternative scientific name Rhadinaphelenchus cocophilus.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Phymosteus liui is a large selenosteid arthrodire placoderms known from the Lower Famennian Xiejingshi Formation of Shimen County, Hunan province, in central China.
Triphyllozoon is a genus of bryozoans in the family Phidoloporidae.
It was first described as Cercaria cursitans in 1961, moved to Stictodora in 1974, and moved to Acanthotrema in 2003.
It may be synonymous with A. hyacinthus.
, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
In addition Setaria marshalli can be transmitted from the womb to new-born calf.
Geoplanidae is a family of flatworms known commonly as land planarians or land flatworms.
As per the family, the trunk shield is short.
The flavor has been attributed to an unsaturated alcohol called cynthiaol, which is present in minute quantities.
The type species of the genus is Sphaerexochus mirus Beyrich 1845 .
Mackenziurus is a genus of trilobites from the Silurian containing several species, including four named after members of the American punk band the Ramones.
Anguina  is a genus of plant pathogenic nematodes.
Echinophacops is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now China.
It is dark brown in color with a crown of lavender tentacles and has a length of up to about 7.5 centimeters.
The 15 cm long creature had tough plating on the front of its body.
In Japan, the most common species in human infection is D. nihonkaiense, which was only identified as a separate species from D. latum in 1986.
Tylexocladus villosus is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Polymastiidae.
Sminthuridae is a family of springtails of the order Symphypleona.
Species are known from the Great Basin of California, Nevada and Arizona, with one specimen from Canada.
The brooding anemone, Halianthella annularis, is a species of sea anemone in the family Halcampidae,.
Desmoscolecida is an order of marine nematodes.
Globodera rostochiensis is similar in appearance, but the female is yellow in color for part of its life.
Both males and females have small structures resembling nipples on the ends of their tails, which are absent in S. thapari.
The fossils are present from the base of Rhuddanian up to the top of Lower Frasnian.
Branchiostoma lanceolatum is a lancelet in the subphylum Cephalochordata.
It is found in warmer parts of the East Pacific and in Hawaii.
The body color of live individuals is dark brown, appearing black.
The cigar jellyfish is a species of jellyfish from the Central and East Atlantic, and the Mediterranean Sea, including off Malta.
An infested plant becomes yellow and wilted and loses its leaves.
It is native to tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific but has spread to other parts of the world.
In polyps, a large availability of food leads to strobilation if it is not regulated.
Microphallus is a genus of parasitic trematodes in the family Microphallidae.
Holasteroida is an order of irregular sea urchins.
Broad-spectrum anthelmintics such as praziquantel and albendazole are the most effective medications.
Horseshoe crabs are marine arthropods of the family Limulidae and order Xiphosura or Xiphosurida.
It is known from the west coast of South Africa and around Cape Point to False Bay.
The scientific name of the species was first published in 1990 by Hayward & Ryland.
Indosphaera Attems, 1935 – 2 species N. India, Myanmar
Eudendrium irregulare is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid in the family Eudendriidae.
Arenipiscis westolli is an extinct buchanosteid arthrodire placoderm.
Westlothiana is a genus of reptile-like amphibian or possibly early reptile that bore a superficial resemblance to modern-day lizards.
Antygomonas paulae is a species of Antygomonas found in the Atlantic.
It came from the genus Aeropsis and lives in the sea.
Stylina is an extinct genus of stony corals.
Isalaux is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the United States.
It is found in the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
The genus currently includes 16 species, which are all parasitic on the gills of marine fish of the family Lethrinidae and Nemipteridae.
Some species live freely, either swimming, crawling or burrowing, and these are known as "errant".
Its fossils have been found in Emsian-aged marine strata of New South Wales, Australia.
Mardonius is a genus of giant African millipedes in family Spirostreptidae, containing nine species:
It is found in shallow seas in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean and the northwestern Mediterranean Sea.
Porites cylindrica or "hump-coral" is a stony coral of the subclass Hexacorallia.
Muggiaea atlantica is a species of small hydrozoan jellyfish, a siphonophore in the family Diphyidae.
The strawberry anemone grows no larger than 2.5 centimeters.
Others live permanently in tubes, either calcareous or parchment-like, and these are known as "sedentary".
It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Molaria spinifera is a species of chelicerate-like arthropod known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
An exoskeleton is excreted near the base.
Pachyiulus is a genus of julid millipedes containing the following species:
Clathrina conifera is a species of sponge in the genus Clathrina from Brazil.
All Apolemiidae species, despite appearing to be a single multicellular organism, are actually a floating colony of polyps and medusoids which are collectively known as zooids.
Caulastraea is a genus of stony corals in the Merulinidae family.
Unlike other members of this phylum, anthozoans do not have a medusa stage in their development.
It was described by Rickards in 1964, and the type species is Delops obtusicaudatus, which was originally described under the genus Phacops by Salter in 1849.
They produce a membranaceous bag to hold the eggs, which is carried on the underside.
This sponge is known from the west coast of South Africa to Port Elizabeth.
Caenopedina cubensis is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae.
Fossils are found in Early Devonian-aged marine strata of Europe
The type-species of the genus is Echinoplectanum laeve Justine & Euzet, 2006.
Bathycrinidae is a family of echinoderms in the class Crinoidea.
They are a marine species and are found worldwide in temperate waters.
Kailia is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Silurian in what is now China.
Tomocerus is a genus of springtails described by Nicolet in 1841.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
Salvatoria koorineclavata is a species belonging to the phylum Annelida, a group known as the segmented worms.
Polymorphida are an order of thorny-headed worms.
Osedax priapus is a species of bathypelagic Polychaetes that is reported to sustain itself on the bones of dead whales.
Radiospongilla sceptroides is a species of freshwater sponge in the family Spongillidae.
Another invasive genus include the "chain sea squirts or chain tunicates" of the genus Botrylloides  and the "golden star tunicate" Botryllus schlosseri .
"Taklamakaniinae" was dissolved and its members absorbed into Raphiophorinae when further study showed the close similarities the "taklamakaniids" had to the juvenile forms of various raphiophorinids.
Alitta brandti Malmgren, 1865 was originally considered part of the genus, but is now accepted as Neanthes brandti.
Prosthogonimus ovatus is a species of a trematode, or fluke worm, in the family Prosthogonimidae.
Urokodia aequalis is an extinct genus of arthropod from the early Cambrian.
Taenia mustelae is a tapeworm of the genus Taenia from the United States.
Pseudorhabdosynochus mizellei is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of the Red hind, Epinephelus guttatus.
The tunic is usually velvet black or dark brown, but may be gray in specimens that are younger or live in shaded areas.
It lived from 501 to 497 million years ago during the Guzhangian of the late Cambrian Period.
Astropyga magnifica was first scientifically described in 1934 by Austin Hobart Clark.
Duftonia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now England.
Prevolitans is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
The larvae are then coughed up, swallowed, and proceed through the gastrointestinal tract.
The brittle star is posted in the genus Ophiozonella and lives in the sea.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
P. varius is usually found in water or wet areas.
The new valid name for the proarticulate is Archaeaspinus Ivantsov, 2007.
Hoplolaimus is a genus of nematodes known commonly as lance nematodes.
Fedomia is a genus of Ediacaran organism resembling a sponge.
The Oegophiurida are extinct except for a recent species, Ophiocanops fugiens, which has several remarkable features.
It is one of many species that make up the inquiline community that thrives within the water-retaining pitcher-shaped leaves of S. purpurea.
Rhodactis is genus of "mushroom corals", which are characterized by large individual polyps that are often reminiscent of a mushroom.
The other species have a very reduced body musculature and are too gelatinous and fragile to do so.
Halocynthia rustica: synonym of Styela rustica Linnaeus, 1767
These pools resemble lakes on the ocean floor.
Found in tropical, shallow reef slopes, it occurs at depths of 5 to 25 m in a marine environment.
Anabrissus damesi is a species of sea urchin of the family Brissidae.
To be listed here, creatures must be noted in multiple canonical sources.
Ethmostigmus rubripes, the giant centipede, is the largest Australasian and Asian centipede.
Desmoxytes rhinoparva is a species of dragon millipede in the genus Desmoxytes.
Eisenia fetida worms are used for vermicomposting of both domestic and industrial organic waste.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
Antedon mediterranea is a species of stalkless crinoid in the family Antedonidae, commonly known as the Mediterranean feather star.
The grouse may ingest infective larvae from the heather tips in the summer and early spring.
Guerrerostrongylus marginalis Weirich, Catzeflis, and Jiménez, 2016
Xestospongia bocatorensis Díaz, Thacker, Rützler & Piantoni, 2007
Asaphus kowalewskii is one of the 35 species of trilobites of the genus Asaphus.
While Y. ascidiformis looks similar to tunicates, the oldest unequivocal tunicate, Shankouclava dates to the Cambrian period, while Y. ascidiformis is Ediacaran in age.
Paracorynactis Ocaña, den Hartog, Brito, & Bos, 2010 - 2 species
Other global species, like those in Brania genus, are also similar to S. koorineclavata.
Pituriaspis doylei was one of two known species of jawless fish belonging to the Class Pituriaspida, and is the better known of the two.
Heterometrus laoticus is a scorpion species found in peaty areas of Vietnam and Laos.
Teuthidodrilus, is a genus of marine polychaete worms first described by marine biologists from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in November 2010.
The genus Enchytraeus includes about 40 species of annelid worms.
The related coral Euphyllia paradivisa is frequently misidentified as frogspawn leading to some confusion.
In its deep environment it seems that it was the only species.
This group was formerly treated as a superfamily Poduroidea.
Found on the top slopes of reefs, it is often in contact with strong waves.
Dolorthoceras is a nautiloid cephalopod from the upper Paleozoic found in Lower Devonian to Lower Permian strata in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia.
It was originally assigned to the monotypic family Kourerpetidae, which has been alternatively spelled Kourerpetontidae.
Bathyuriscopsis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Huffmanela filamentosa is a parasitic nematode It has been observed on the gills of the lethrinid fish Gymnocranius oblongus and Gymnocranius grandoculis off New Caledonia.
Chaetodiadema keiense was first scientifically described in 1939 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
They have complex life cycles and can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Aceste ovata was first scientifically described in 1907 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz & Hubert Lyman Clark.
Olavius finitimus is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm, first found in Belize, on the Caribbean side of Central America.
Linckia is a genus of sea stars found mainly in the Indo-Pacific region.
It has never been recorded west of the Great Dividing Range.
In life, J. kerwoodi resembled a lamprey with a very small mouth.
Paracondeellum is a genus of proturans in the family Protentomidae.
Austrolepidotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
Linthia is an extinct genus of echinoids that lived from the Late Cretaceous to the Eocene.
Conchicolites is a fossil genus of cornulitid tubeworms.
Amphipneustes davidi was first scientifically described in 2010 by Madon-Senez.
The natural life cycle of C. philippinensis is believed to involve fish as intermediate hosts, and fish-eating birds as definitive hosts.
These eyeless, predatory hexapods largely shun direct sunlight, remaining under stones and among detritus, where they use pincer-like cerci to catch their tiny prey.
The mangrove horseshoe crab is a chelicerate arthropod found in marine and brackish waters.
Judomiella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The zooidal orifice has a narrow V-shaped sinus.
The genome of the Florida lancelet has been sequenced.
This phenomenon may potentially be generalised to other coral genera, as identical Symbiodinium strains often occur in several coral host genera.
Austrocidaris pawsoni was first scientifically described in 1974 by McKnight.
It was described in 2005 based on a fossil discovered in the Escuminac Formation of Quebec, Canada two years prior.
D. dipsaci is economically detrimental because infected crops are unmarketable.
It was described by Bergeron in 1890, and the type species is Calymenella boisseli.
Oxycomanthus bennetti, common name Bennett's feather star, is a species of crinoids belonging to the family Comasteridae.
Acanthomeridion is an extinct arthropod found in the Chengjiang fauna deposits of China.
Clypeaster euclastus was first scientifically described in 1941 by Hubert Lyman Clark.
It requires two hosts, birds and ants, for completion of its life cycle.
The scientific name of the species was first published by Marcus & Marcus in 1968.
It was described by Barrande in 1872, and the type species is Areia bohemica.
Diadematoidea is an extinct family of sea urchins.
Acanthatrium hitaensis is a species of a trematode, or fluke worm, in the family Lecithodendriidae.
The genus has been placed in its own family in 2000.
Negombata magnifica is extremely toxic because of the toxin latrunculin.
The phylum contains about 7000 living species, making it the second-largest grouping of deuterostomes, after the chordates.
Monorhaphididae is a monotypic family of siliceous deep sea Hexactinellid sponges.
At worst, this may cause collapse in those with a severe allergic reaction.
Chalcidichthys malacapterygius is an extinct, prehistoric manefish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch of Southern California.
Echinoderms, for example, exhibit unmistaken bilateral symmetry as larvae.
Heterogaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm, which lived during the Late Devonian period of Spitsbergen, Norway.
Information regarding the species' general life cycle and egg development can be seen in the Trichuris page.
In modern times, leeches are used medically in procedures such as the reattachment of body parts and reconstructive and plastic surgeries and, in Germany, treating osteoarthritis.
At the former locality, it infected 11% of rice rats and the number of worms per infected rat ranged from 1 to 65, averaging 17.
Toxocara canis and Toxocara cati are perhaps the most ubiquitous gastrointestinal worms of domestic dogs and cats and foxes.
Post-canine teeth could be spatulate, bluntly conical for grinding, or leaf-shaped for shredding.
Caenoplanini is a tribe of land planarians in the subfamily Rhynchodeminae mostly found throughout the Australasia and Oceania ecozones.
Most species are found in shallow warm water but a few are found in higher latitudes.
Isis hippuris is a species of coral found in the Western Pacific Ocean.
Procyliosoma tuberculatum has hard, shiny body plates that allow it roll into a circular shape protecting its head, legs and rear from predators.
Pinworms are believed to have affected humans throughout history.
Cloud sponge is a primitive organism of the order Hexactinosida in the class Hexactinellida.
It is dated to 515 to 505 million years ago and belongs to middle Cambrian strata.
The Burlingiidae constitute a family of trilobites of uncertain affinity, that lived during the Middle to lowest Upper Cambrian.
It is found in the cold waters around Antarctica and has a large number of slender, flexible rays.
Almost all arthropods lay eggs, but scorpions give birth to live young after the eggs have hatched inside the mother.
Patiriella mortenseni is a sea star of the family Asterinidae endemic to New Zealand.
Also, similar most earthworms, they must keep their body surface wet to respire.
Most millipedes have very elongated cylindrical or flattened bodies with more than 20 segments, while pill millipedes are shorter and can roll into a ball.
In 1963, Sydney Brenner proposed research into C. elegans primarily in the area of neuronal development.
This parasite is commonly found on the gills of European cyprinid fishes.
Arthrosphaeridae is a family of giant pill millipedes that are found in Madagascar, the Western Ghats of India, and Sri Lanka.
It occurs in the Arctic Ocean and northern Atlantic Ocean.
It often grows under logs or rocks.
Genetic analysis has been used to suggest Brachycnemina is a monophyletic group diverging within the paraphyletic Macrocnemina.
Kayserops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany.
The Symphypleona are very round animals, almost spherical.
The specific epithet eroticopodus means "erotic foot".
Calymene niagarensis is a species of trilobite belonging to the genus Calymene.
Isodictyidae is a family of marine demosponges.
Members of the genus are found only in the Atlantic Ocean.
Evasterias troscheli is a species of starfish in the family Asteriidae.
Several known species fall under the Mammomonogamus genus, but the most common species found to infest humans is M. laryngeus.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
Halocynthia setosa Sluiter, 1905: synonym of Pyura setosa
The cuticle is generally smooth, and there are sensory setae or papillae scattered over the length of the body.
It is a deep water species and lives on rocky sea beds.
Hibbertopterus is a member of the family Hibbertopteridae, large bizarre Eurypterids found from the Upper Devonian to the end of the Permian period.
It is found in the northwest Atlantic and the northeast Pacific Oceans.
It was originally classified under the genus Acanthastrea, and reclassified under the genus Micromussa in 2016.
It will then enter into the root interior and feed on the plant tissue inside.
It includes the vast majority of living brittle stars.
In the northwestern Atlantic, these hydroids are especially common on the outside of shells that are occupied by the flat-clawed hermit crab.
Leptodesmidea is a suborder of flat-backed millipedes under the order Polydesmida.
The life cycle of both species is very similar.
Tabatopygellina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The branch contained only one group: Mesozoa.
Another species, Ascaris suum, typically infects pigs.
The unstalked forms are called feather stars or comatulids.
Pentagnostus is a genus of trilobites restricted to the Middle Cambrian.
Ancylostoma tubaeforme along with Ancylostoma braziliense are the two most common hookworms to infect cats, causing anemia and also compromising the immune system.
Dicyemennea ophioides Furuya, 1999 - parasitizes Octopus hongkongensis 
In a study in Spain, 47.2% of 106 sunfish examined were found to host Accacoelium contortum.
Echinarachnius parma, the common sand dollar, is a species of sand dollar native to the Northern Hemisphere.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1886 by Ridley & Dendy.
Plakina crypta Muricy, Boury-Esnault, Bézac & Vacelet, 1998
It lives in a burrow in soft sediments.
Larvaceans are solitary, free-swimming tunicates found throughout the world's oceans.
The third larval stage, the plerocercoid, grows in the abdomen of the fish.
Callipteryx is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
The species was described from the Glauzy Formation in the Montagne Noire mountain range.
Aspidodiadema intermedium is a species of sea urchin of the family Aspidodiadematidae.
Neojapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
Its relationship to other animals is unknown, but it may belong within the Porifera or Cnidaria.
The differences between the two species are subtle.
The known first intermediate host of Artyfechinostomum malayanum include freshwater snails Indoplanorbis exustus and Gyraulus convexiusculus.
It also contains the species C. maxima.
Litophyton arboreum, also known as broccoli coral, is a common soft coral found from Red Sea to Western Pacific.
Zhao Xijin, who has studied it, suggests that it may belong to its own subgroup within the Ankylosauria.
Hyperoartia or Petromyzontida is a disputed group of vertebrates that includes the modern lampreys and their fossil relatives.
The species is described as an active carnivore.
It occurs on the east coast of North America, the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
An adult P. nigra may be 10 centimetres long.
Cura is a genus of freshwater flatworm belonging to the family Dugesiidae.
It is the only species in the genus Beorn, and family Beornidae.
Glomeridae is a family of pill millipedes in the order Glomerida.
It had a cosmopolitan distribution and lived from the Middle to the Upper Ordovician.
Blaniulus orientalis is a species of millipede in the Blaniulidae family that can be found in France and Spain.
They are found in oceans and seas around the world.
It is a globally distributed cosmopolitan species.
The Diadematidae are a family of sea urchins.
In contrast to S. platydorsalis, Shimenolepis is known only from distinctively ornamented thoracic armor plates that bear anatomic features unique to yunnanolepids.
It was described by Zhou in 1982, and the type species is Eolotagnostus gansuensis.
It is known from the holotype MPZ2009/1230 and from the paratypes MPZ2011/2–6.
The wide spores have a mean width ranging from 7.5-10μm, respectively, while the subspherical ones range from 5.3-8μm in mean width.
The powerful owl is a species of owl native to south-eastern and eastern Australia, the largest owl on that continent.
The female is white to cream in color.
Peregrinella is an extinct genus of brachiopods belonging to the family Peregrinellidae.
Taenia asiatica, commonly known as Asian taenia or Asian tapeworm, is a parasitic tapeworm of humans and pigs.
150 specimens of Stephenoscolex are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed, where they comprise 0.29% of the community.
Inanidrilus belizensis is a species of annelid worm.
A pale stripe often runs down the middle of the back.
The Astropectinidae are a family of sea stars in the order Paxillosida.
Originating in the Mediterranean region, the species has spread to other parts of the world, where it can live in human homes.
Fossils have been found in Europe, North America, and Australia.
It is a nocturnal pelagic predator that feeds almost exclusively on the endemic amphipod Hyalella montezuma, which it detects using passive sonar and swallows whole.
Balnibarbi is an extinct genus of trilobites in the family Olenidae.
This suggests local changes in the environment in which the rock was deposited.
A species of north east Atlantic coasts, this is a usually grey encrusting sponge with large prominent oscula and a pale yellow interior.
The species name refers to the brain-like appearance of the sponge.
Minicephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The root mouthed jellyfish is a species of cnidarian, a jellyfish in the small family Rhizostomatidae.
Collector urchins are found at depths of 2 to 30 metres in the waters of the Indo-Pacific, Hawaii, the Red Sea, and The Bahamas.
Ceratopeltis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
An exception is one outbreak that occurred in Idaho in 2006.
Pachyiulus speciosus is a species of millipede from Julidae family that is endemic to Greece.
Tosotychia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Sabellida is a suborder of annelid worms in the class Polychaeta.
The teeth almost certainly do not belong to Ichthyosaurus itself, which was a wastebin taxon at the time this species was named.
The genus Bucephalus was based on the earliest known bucephalid, B. polymorphus Baer, initially described from a cercaria larva.
Acanthocephalus echigoensis is a species of parasitic worm in the phylum Acanthocephala.
Aceste bellidifera was first scientifically described in 1877 by Thomson.
The species is sedentary and fragile, with a flexible body.
Mummaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites, with five known species.
Huffmanela Moravec, 1987  is a genus of parasitic nematodes, belonging to the family Trichosomoididae.
Amathia vidovici is a species of colonial bryozoans with a tree-like structure.
Other terms sometimes or rarely used include nematode ophthalmitis, toxocaral disease, toxocarose, and covert toxocariasis.
Sanctacaris specimens range from 46 to 93 mm in length.
Hadrosteidae is a family of arthrodire placoderms from the Late Devonian.
Egyngolia is a genus of very small sized trilobites, that lived during the Lower Cambrian in what are today the Russia Federation, Mongolia, and South Australia.
Distomus elegans Quoy & Gaimard, 1834: synonym of Botryllus elegans
Tylopterella is distinguishable by its small size, and its thick, partly calcareous exoskeleton with curved ridges of confluent tubercules and large knobs near the median line.
School aged children are the most commonly infected.
Scutigera aethiopica is a centipede species in the family Scutigeridae.
Stigmatogaster is a genus of centipedes in the family Himantariidae, containing the following species:
Veronanguilla is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
Iophon husvikense is a species of demosponge first found on the coast of South Georgia island, in the south west Southern Ocean.
Komaspidella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Lithobius variegatus is a species of centipede found in Europe, sometimes called the common banded centipede or banded centipede.
Verrucoentomon is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
Ariaspis is an extinct genus of cyathaspidiform heterostracan agnathan.
These vents give off gas and toxic chemicals with the addition of having superheated temperatures.
Members of this family have small zooids that form encrusting colonies.
Individuals have been found living unnoticed in reef aquaria for long enough to grow to great size.
Good handwashing, daily bathing in the morning, and daily changing of underwear can help prevent reinfection.
The conspicuous stage in the dimorphic lifecycle is the small medusa.
Species of Ampyx are characterized by three extended spines on the head-shield, one spine derived from each free cheek, and one spine emanating from the glabellum.
Avalonian rocks were deposited near a small continent called Avalonia in the Paleozoic Iapetus Ocean.
They are ectoparasites that feed on plant roots, sometimes becoming agricultural pests.
The orange-footed sea cucumber is the largest sea cucumber in New England, United States.
Carukia barnesi is a small and extremely venomous jellyfish found near Australia.
A third species, C. minnesotensis, was described from Minnesota, from which its species epithet was derived.
It lived during the Cambrian Period, which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
Common Names include: Xenia Elongata, Fast-Pulse Xenia, Xenia is sometimes referred to a Pulse Corals.
This species is sometimes kept in aquariums, but is temperamental, and is difficult to maintain.
Aphanipathes is a genus of black coral from the family Aphanipathidae.
The life cycle has four juvenile stages and four moults.
The spiny sand seastar is a species of starfish in the family Luidiidae.
Sea cucumbers are usually leathery, gherkin-shaped animals with a cluster of short tentacles at one end.
Type locality: Thiruvananthapuram coast, Kerala, India, 8°36'57.47"N, 76°49'8.914"E
Cyathocrinitidae is an extinct family of crinoids belonging to the order Cladida.
Like all lancelets, they are filter feeders that hide in the sediment most of the time.
Peltastisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family, containing two species:
Agelas conifera contains bromopyrrole alkaloids, notably sceptrin and oroidin, and levels of these feeding-deterrents increase upon predation.
Others live permanently in tubes, either calcareous or parchment-like, and these are known as "sedentary".
Brissopsis columbaris is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae.
Sea apples are filter feeders with tentacles, ovate bodies, and tube-like feet.
Marthasterias is a genus of starfish in the family Asteriidae.
A study from 2000-06 used 59 specimens obtained from fishermen at Tosa Bay and Kii Strait Japan.
The heart urchins or Spatangoida are an order of sea urchins.
The external surface of the armor has a unique micro-ornamentation of a pattern of star-like shapes.
Chorizocormus sydneyensis Herdman, 1891: synonym of Chorizocarpa sydneyensis
Gamonedaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Bolivia.
Sea cucumbers are marine invertebrates and are closely related to sea urchins and starfish.
The other filarial nematode is Mansonella ozzardi.
Holoptychus is an extinct genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish.
It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
It is one of several species called green wrasse.
The head consists of a prostomium and peristomium and a pair of appendages.
The body is 4.5-6.1 millimetres in length, elongate, and it includes, like all monogeneans, a posterior attachment organ called haptor.
One thought is that this trilobite may have lain in wait for prey buried in the bottom sediment with only its periscope eyestalks protruding.
The parapodia function both as external gills, and as means of locomotion.
Palaeolenella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It was approximately 44 mm long and 10 mm wide with 27 body segments, and had kidney shaped patches of ocelli.
Strongyles, or alternatively, strongyls, are nematode worms of the family Strongylidae, order Strongylida.
Profilicollis is a genus of acanthocephalan parasites of crustaceans.
Corynidae is a family of athecate hydroids.
Michaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The symbionts are housed in bacteriocytes in a specialized organ, the trophosome.
It can also be found in the Great Barrier Reef, the Philippines, the Andaman Islands, Polynesia, Micronesia and the Pitcairn Islands.
Heterodera oryzicola is a plant pathogenic nematode, which is cited as an invasive species.
Aphelenchida have a stylet for feeding and a very prominent median bulb in the oesophagus.
Odhner established two suborders of digenean trematodes called Gasterostomata and Protostomata.
It is among the largest centipedes with a maximum length of 20 cm.
Dipentaspis is an extinct genus of damesellid odontopleurid trilobite.
Early Acaroceras, from the upper Yenchou, are contemporary with later Plectronoceras, early Paraplectronoceras, Hunyuanoceras, and a few others.
It is found mainly in low energy environments from the intertidal zone down to 30 m, but can occur as deep as 60 m.
Stenaster is an extinct genus of brittle stars that lived from the Ordovician to the Silurian.
Sagavia is a genus of trilobites that lived during the Middle and Upper Ordovician in what are now Northwest and Southeast China, North Kazakhstan and Wales.
Eophacops is a genus of trilobites from the order Phacopida, family Phacopidae.
Centrocestus armatus is a species of a trematode, or fluke worm, in the family Heterophyidae.
Gregoria fenestrata is the only member species of sea anemones in the genus Gregoria.
Metridium senile, common name the plumose anemone or frilled anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Metridiidae.
Amphidiscosa is an order of hexactinellid sponges characterized by amphidisc spicules, that is, spicules having a stellate disk at each end.
Hapljapyx are described as the most robust members of the family Japygidae.
Psychropotes is a genus of sea cucumbers in the family Psychropotidae.
Like other types of carps, they are omnivorous, eating not only algae, crustaceans, insects, frogs, and other fish, but also fruits that fall from trees overhead.
The segments of the antenna are oval or cylindrical.
Quadrahomagnostus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
This species has been introduced to New Zealand and Florida.
Rhizangiidae is a family of stony corals in the order Scleractinia.
Members of the genus have five rays and are found in the waters around Australia, Indonesia and Antarctic New Zealand.
It occurs on reefs in shallow water in the Indo-Pacific region.
Species in this order are sessile, living in clear water and secrete tubes on the ocean floor.
Oxyurida is further separated into two superfamilies: Oxyuroidea and Thelastomatoidea, which are parasites of vertebrates and invertebrates respectively.
It occurs in tropical shallow reefs on outer slopes, from depths of 2 to 12 metres.
Cladocora is a genus of corals in the order of stony corals.
Pseudoleptolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
It had small, webbed feet on its back legs, but mostly used its tail.
The tree sponge, Echinoclathria dichotoma, is a species of demosponge.
It is thought that this is a defensive mechanism rather than reproductive, as it is seen in both mature and juvenile individuals.
Notomyxine tridentiger is a species of hagfish that occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off the southern coasts of South America.
The species name is in reference it its unusual lamina.
Haplodesmidae is a family of millipedes in the order Polydesmida.
Perhaps the best-known genus of eurypterid is Eurypterus, of which around 16 fossil species are known.
It was described by Salter in 1865, and the type species is Burmeisteria herschelii, which was originally described under the genus Homalonotus by Murchison in 1839.
They are most likely to be found in the deep sea, mid water).
Documented as a species often associated with coral reefs and rocky ledges, P. crucifer is able to withdraw into crevices and holes if agitated.
Its microscopic structure was examined by Robert Hooke and illustrated in his 1665 work Micrographia.
Even if the two mesozoan groups are related, there is little need for another name in addition to mesozoa.
These researchers place Taemasosteus as the sister taxon of Homostiidae within the taxon Migmatocephala.
It lived during the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period, approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.
It was described by Lamont in 1978, and the type species is Curriella newlandensis; the species epithet was derived from the type location, the Newlands Formation.
Artyfechinostomum malayanum is a species of digenetic trematode in the family Echinostomatidae.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
There are eight known genera, and at least 21 described species and subspecies within the Acrocirridae family.
The number of reported human zoonotic O. lupi infections is increasing.
Chacomurus is agenus of trilobites in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Bolivia.
Plagiochasma texanum Smith & Rader, 2009; Lower Albian, Texas, USA
It was described from Saint-Barthélemy-d'Anjou near Angers, Anjou.
It is a typical sea urchin, with extremely long, hollow spines that are mildly venomous.
Amphilinids are commonly viewed as tapeworms, yet differ from true tapeworms as their bodies are unsegmented and not divided with proglottids.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
The development of schizochroal eyes in phacopid trilobites is an example of post-displacement paedomorphosis.
Acanthocidaris hastingeria is a species of sea urchin of the family Cidaridae.
Vaselike cylinder of 5to6 mm in diameter .the entire body of the sponge is pierced by numerous holes,the inhalent pores or ostia.
Orbiniids are mostly unselective deposit feeders on marine detritus.
This millipede is endemic to Tanzania, where it is known only from the Usambara Mountains.
Aaptos alphiensis is a sea sponge belonging to the phylum Porifera.
This new method has shown promising results in Batnfjordelva and Lærdalselva, two rivers in Norway.
It is placed in the genus Aporocidaris and lives in the sea.
Members of this genus are known as brain corals or closed brain corals.
Isotomiella is a genus of springtails in the family Isotomidae.
Sphaeropoeus hercules is a species of giant pill millipede belonging to the family Zephroniidae.
Oral ingestion of larvae-contaminated tissue is the usual route of infection, but congenital and mammary transmission can occur in rats.
The Protentomidae are a family of hexapods in the order Protura.
It may be a common ancestor of either Chondrichthyes or Osteichthyes or both.
Free-living worm species do not live on land, but instead live in marine or freshwater environments, or underground by burrowing.
Clavularia is a genus of corals in the Clavulariidae family, subclass Octocorallia.
Ernstia sagamiana is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Ernstia from Japan.
During the Frasnian, M. occitanus lived off the coast of an island continent, "Armorica," which consisted of portions of what would become Southern France.
Haementeria ghilianii, the giant Amazon leech, is one of the world's largest species of leeches.
It is the only species of this genus exhibiting small diods.
It is commonly found parasitizing the Flathead mullet.
Palaeogadus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
One of the researchers talked about the problems encountered studying its morphology: “It has no mouth, no gut, no brain and no nerve cord.
The type locality was the Naungkangyi Beds.
It has been suggested that Cloudinids lived embedded in microbial mats, growing new cones to avoid being buried by silt.
It was described in 1971, and is believed to be the county's only endemic species.
The type and only species is Longodus acicularis.
The name first appeared in an invertebrate paleontology book as one of the "branches" of the subkingdom Metazoa.
Aemula is an extinct genus of brachiopods that lived during the Cretaceous period.
Siphonogorgia godeffroyi, the cherry blossom coral or Godeffroy's Soft Coral, is a species of soft coral in the family Nidaliidae.
When the springtails were still believed to be an order of insects, the Symphypleona were ranked as a suborder.
Victalimulus is an extinct genus of xiphosuran, or horseshoe crab, from Early Cretaceous beds in Koonwarra in eastern Victoria, Australia.
The species was endemic to Praslin Island of Seychelles.
Inanidrilus reginae is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm in the family Naididae.
It has been described by Kritsky, Bakenhaster and Adams in 2015.
They are difficult to keep in the reef aquarium because they do not contain symbiotic zooxanthellae and therefore need to be fed on zooplankton.
They resemble small earthworms and include both terrestrial species known as potworms that live in highly organic terrestrial environments, as well as some that are marine.
The body color is lighter than other species of Narceus, with each body ring a light greenish tan followed by a band of darker tan.
Kingstonia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The shell is a smooth, gently expanding orthocone with straight transvers to oblique and slightly sinuous sutures.
Historically they were treated as an order of turbellarian flatworms, but molecular phylogeny studies revealed them to be basal bilaterians.
Males of the genus Elassystremma lack the modified rear legs, and are larger, from 3.3–5 mm.
Found in sheltered lagoons and shallow reefs, it is listed as a vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List.
Amphipneustes marsupialis is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae.
Moreover, it was later proven that Fibiger came to a wrong conclusion, that the nematode is not carcinogenic.
Haljulia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the upper Cenomanian.
Triactis is a genus of sea anemone in the family Aliciidae.
Alexander Agassiz described the sponges as having "a long stem ending in ramifying roots, sunk deeply into the mud.
This coral is native to shallow tidal pools in tropical parts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
From 1981 the genus contained only one member, P. tsalickisi, until four new species were described in 2007.
The eggs hatch in fresh water and the larvae are eaten by water fleas of the genus Cyclops.
There is a suspicion that it may also cause cysticercosis in human.
All its species are parasites on the gills of fish, namely African Cichlidae, Nandidae and Cyprinodontidae.
Turbinaria bifrons, commonly known as disc coral, is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Dendrophylliidae.
This triggered a quarantine of the fields where it was isolated to prevent the spread of this nematode to other fields.
It is known from subtidal coarse sands in the Atlantic coast of Florida.
Most varieties are coral red or sulphur yellow.
All described species are known to be holopelagic, meaning that they spend their entire life cycles in the water column.
Acmarhachis is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which lived in what are now Australia, Canada, China, Kazakhstan, Russia, and the US.
Prolates is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
Gynandrocarpa systematica Sluiter, 1904: synonym of Chorizocarpa sydneyensis
Its genome is being sequenced by Washington University in St. Louis Genome Sequencing Center.
Their similar colony morphologies misled scientists to historically lump them into a single species, Montastraea annularis, which included three morphotypes “bumpy”, “columnar” and “massive”.
The relationship of the Obolellida with other inarticulates is unclear, and were previously grouped together with the Siphonotretacea, before being given their own order.
These worms are sedentary and build tubes in which to live from sand and shell fragments.
Heliofungia actiniformis is a solitary species of mushroom coral, a large polyp stony coral in the family Fungiidae.
Aporocidaris incerta is a species of sea urchin of the family Ctenocidaridae.
Dicyema hadrum Furuya, 1999 - parasitizes Sepia esculenta 
A. ritzemabosi is a migratory foliar feeding nematode.
It is a deep water species and is found on the seabed in western parts of the Pacific Ocean at depths of 200 to 800 metres.
Shipaiella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The Atlantic horseshoe crab is a marine chelicerate arthropod.
Ancylostoma tubaeforme, infects cats along with other hosts
observed that protomicrocotylids had specialized structures associated with their attachment organ, such as lateral flaps and transverse striations, which were not known in other monogeneans.
It is a large tapeworm inhabiting the small intestines of ruminants such as sheep, goats and cattle.
This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
Leptasterias hexactis is a species of starfish in the family Asteriidae, commonly known as the six-rayed star.
It is uncertain where in the phylogeny of the lumbriculids Y. toyensis belongs.
Turritopsis dohrnii, the immortal jellyfish, is a species of small, biologically immortal jellyfish found in the Mediterranean Sea and in the waters of Japan.
Most species of Bothriolepis were characterized as relatively small, benthic, freshwater detritivores, averaging around 30 centimetres in length.
Research found that only those of certain sizes and geographical locations can be infected by D.shimantoense.
The generic name Hindeodus is a tribute to George Jennings Hinde.
Scutigera coleoptrata – one of several species commonly known as the house centipede – is a typically yellowish-grey centipede with up to 15 pairs of legs.
It is presumed to have foraged the ocean floor for food.
The drug Ivermectin is often used to control gapeworm infection in birds.
Stelletta is a genus of demosponge belonging to the family Ancorinidae.
These so-called "ferns" are dead and dried colonies of hydrozoans, colonies of marine hydroids, class Hydrozoa, phylum Cnidaria.
Ascaris is a genus of parasitic nematode worms known as the "small intestinal roundworms", which is a type of helminth.
It is one of two orders in Enoplia, which is one of two subclasses in Class Enoplea.
It is among the oldest possible craniates, found in the lower Cambrian Chengjiang.
It is the sole species in the genus Nectriaster.
Kourerpeton is an extinct genus of dvinosaurian temnospondyl.
Isanthus is a genus of sea anemones in the family Isanthidae.
Callianira hexagona is a species of Ctenophora from the Mertensiidae family.
These epifaunal grazer-deposit feeders lived in the Middle and Upper Jurassic age.
In some species, medusae are only produced when the water temperature exceeds a certain level.
Species of this genus are parasites of a number of amphibians including the rough-skinned newt.
Centrocidaris doederleini is a species of sea urchins of the Family Cidaridae.
The camuropiscids' elongated snouts and bullet-shaped bodies are thought to be adaptions for hydrodynamic streamlining.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
Distomus vitreum : synonym of Eudistoma vitreum
It is also known to infect rats.
Radiospongilla is a genus of freshwater sponges in the family Spongillidae.
Metisaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Glyphidrilus is a genus of semi-aquatic freshwater earthworms in the family Almidae.
The species can reach a total length of 1 m.
Some species are terrestrial, some semi-aquatic, and others marine.
Hoplolichoides conicotuberculatus is a species of lichid trilobites belonging to the family Lichidae.
Halocynthia discoveryi Herdman, 1910: synonym of Pyura discoveryi
Guancha pulcherrima is a species of calcareous sponges from Australia
It was named for the Swedish fish breeder that first raised the worm to feed her fish.
It is also similar in form to the strawberry anemone but is a uniform colour and is typically rather smaller.
It is found in shallow waters in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
Heterodera sacchari  is a plant pathogenic nematode and also an invasive species.
The head features free cheeks separated by the rest of the head by sutures.
Some species have glabellae that are effaced, meaning they are smooth and show little detail.
It is extremely common and most often found under bark.
Discolocrinus thieli is a species of sea lily, a crinoid in the family Bathycrinidae.
Members of this genus are known to be eaten by hawksbill turtles.
the hinge is located at the 'top' of the zooid.
It has a narrow depth range, and is susceptible to coral bleaching and disease.
The Lake Pedder earthworm was an earthworm species in the family Megascolecidae.
Anastreptus is a genus of giant African millipedes in family Spirostreptidae, containing four species:
They are nocturnal, and often dig themselves partially into the sandy seabed during the day.
A second species, G. amsdeni, was named in 1991 from Tennessee and Illinois.
Major parasite burden can result in damage to the host gill and anaemia from blood loss.
Eocheiurus is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Cambrian in what is now Russia.
Cidaris mabahissae is a species of sea urchins of the Family Cidaridae.
Paramphistomatidae is a family of flukes which are parasitic on herbivorous mammals, and sometimes humans.
Species of Microcotyle have only one host in their entire life cycle.
The gonads are four yellowish structures embedded in the surface of the epidermis beneath the radial canals.
It was described by Sivov in 1955, and the type species is Emsurina sibirica.
It has a double transport system composed of coelomic fluid that moves within the fluid-filled coelom and a simple, closed blood circulatory system.
Members of some genera have a peripheral canal system and others do not.
Heterodera hordecalis is a plant pathogenic nematode affecting oat.
The acrocirrids are primarily benthic animals, but at least two genera appear to have evolved or adapted to a pelagic habitat.
Cylicocyclus nassatus is a very common species of cyathostomin, which are important intestinal parasites of horses.
Acaroceras lends its name to the Acaroceras-Sinoceremoceras Zone which is contained by the Wanwankou member of the Fengshan Formation.
G. spinigerum has a multi-host life history.
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
They have twelve body segments, 17 to 19 pairs of legs, and males have enlarged rear legs involved in mating.
Ceratomyxa shasta is a myxosporean parasite that infects salmonid fish on the Pacific coast of North America.
The species within this genus are usually red or orange.
Inanidrilus wasseri is a species of annelid worm.
Beroe ovata is a comb jelly in the family Beroidae.
It is native to very shallow water round the coasts of southern Africa between Luderitz and Durban.
Anametalia regularis was first scientifically described in 1925 by Hubert Lyman Clark.
It is only known from the lagoon of Rongelap Atoll in the Marshall Islands, Pacific Ocean.
It occurs along the coasts of Western Europe and the Mediterranean.
Fritzolenellus occurred in parts of the paleocontinent Laurentia in what are now Northwestern Canada, Northwestern Scotland, and North-Greenland.
Many of them have characteristic repeatedly branched arms.
All its members are parasites in vertebrates when they are in their adult stage.
The Metridioidea is a superfamily of sea anemones in the order Actiniaria.
Adamsia is a genus of sea anemones in the family Hormathiidae.
Boltenia burkhardti Binney, 1870: synonym of Boltenia ovifera
Their large eggs, which measures almost 2 millimetres across, suggests that there is direct development without larvae.
Species assigned to this genus can be distinguished from Phacops by their small size.
It was described by Harrington in 1957, and the type species is Hintzeia aemula), which was originally described under the genus Protopliomerops by Hintze in 1953.
Lloydolithus is a genus of trilobites from the Late Ordovician of Europe.
Plegiocidaris is an extinct genus of echinoids that lived from the Triassic to the Early Cretaceous.
Guerrerostrongylus gomesae Simões, dos Santos and Maldonado, 2012
Stolonica variolosus: synonym of Distomus variolosus Gaertner, 1774
Ophiolimna is a genus of brittle stars.
It reaches a diameter of about 30 cm.
It mainly inhabits rain forests in West Africa and has native origins in Ethiopia.
Two or three families are recognized: The Glossiphoniidae are freshwater leeches, flattened, and with a poorly defined anterior sucker.
Tsunyidiscus is the only genus currently attributed to the family Tsunyidiscidae.
The trilobites of this genus have slightly convex exoskeletons with an average length of 4–7 cm.
For its unique neurotropic behaviour in vertebrate hosts, the host-parasite interactions are extensively studied in terms of molecular biology, biochemistry and immunology.
These corals prefer to live in deeper waters near currents so they can catch and eat passing zooplankton.
This fluke is known for causing tumor like malformations in fishes by attaching onto its spinal region in the metacercariae form.
Borgonie said that the worm was similar to the detritus feeding species found on the surface, and probably descended from surface species.
It is native to the Indo-Pacific region.
This organ is recognized as a holdfast, which helps Bucephalus stayed attached to the hosts organs.
It is commonly found in waters rich in humic colouration and with pH below 7, often in waters surrounded by conifers.
The species which is about 515 to 505 million years old had 24 comb rows - in contrast to all modern forms which have only 8.
Myllokunmingia is a genus of basal chordate from the Lower Cambrian Maotianshan shales of China, thought to be a vertebrate, although this is not conclusively proven.
It is placed in the genus Arachnoides and lives in the sea.
Halicephalobus mephisto is resistant to high temperatures, it reproduces asexually, and feeds on subterranean bacteria.
Entobdella soleae is a monogenean skin parasite of the common sole, Solea solea, an important food fish.
D. dissoluta is of interest from a drug discovery perspective because it produces-discodermolide, a polyketide natural product with immunosuppressive and antiproliferative properties.
They also differ from other digeneans in the configuration of the digestive systems and genitalia.
Stichopterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
Claudenus appendiculata: synonym of Molgula appendiculata Heller, 1877
First appearing in the Silurian period, millipedes are some of the oldest known land animals.
Fossil pleurojulids up to 10 centimeters long are known from Europe and the United States.
Diopatra is a genus of polychaete worms in the family Onuphidae.
It was originally described as Buchanosteus murrumbidgeensis in 1952.
They have 7 internal gills connected to a single opening on each side of the body.
Cotylorhiza tuberculata is a species of jellyfish, also known as the Mediterranean jelly or fried egg jellyfish.
Their fossils are known from the Late Ordovician to the Devonian.
About 10 species are placed in the genus, but classification is often ambiguous due to their close resemblance, and a number of synonyms have arisen.
Pasipha is a genus of land planarians from South America.
It is not uncommon to see several circling in the same area.
Fossils are known from the Czech Republic, Scotland, and the USA.
Fallotaspidella is an extinct genus of redlichiid trilobites.
Boltenia australis Quoy & Gaimard, 1834: synonym of Pyura australis
This starfish has a mouth opening on its bottom side.
It lived during the late Atdabanian stage, which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
The species can live more than 10 years.
Zoanthus kuroshio is a zoanthid first described from southern Japan.
Pterasteridae is a family of sea stars in the order Velatida, consisting of eight genera.
Strongyloides procyonis is a parasitic roundworm infecting the small intestine of the raccoon, Procyon lotor, hence its name.
Schistocephalus is a genus of tapeworm of fish, fish-eating birds and rodents.
Its appearance has given rise to the common name marine vomit.
Araeosoma thetidis is a species of sea urchin of the family Echinothuriidae.
Its head is shaped like a plastic bag.
Species occur in East Asia, Southeast Asia, and Oceania, although some species have been introduced to the New world tropics.
Aporocidaris milleri was first scientifically described in 1898 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz.
Ischnacanthus lived during the Early Devonian period.
Pelagia is a genus of jellyfishes in the family Pelagiidae.
Mycale is a large genus and this species is placed in the subgenus Mycale making its full name, Mycale grandis.
It is commonly found attached to the stems of water plants, the undersides of leaves, submerged twigs and on the surface of stones.
Kosmoceras spinosum is a moderately evolute ammonite species from the Callovian, lasting between 163.5 and 166.1 Ma.
The pedicle is a hollow extension of the ventral body wall.
Araeosoma is a genus of deep-sea sea urchins in the family Echinothuriidae.
This species is found around rocky reefs amongst the rocks or in eelgrass beds.
The grape coral is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific area with a large presence in Indonesia.
It was assigned to Arthrodira by Woodward; and to Petalichthida by Sepkoski.
Tetillidae is a family of marine demosponges.
The Limpopo girdled lizard can be quickly distinguished from C. vittifer by its rounded, not flattened, body.
This centipede is an active, aggressive predator that preys on any animal it can overwhelm.
Tubificina is a suborder of haplotaxid annelid worms.
Accordingly, they are found in soil and leaf litter, under stones and dead wood, and inside logs.
It is native to the Mediterranean Sea and adjoining parts of the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.
Each individual, or zooid, may extend from the colony at an angle, extending its tentacles to feed.
Virgularia is a genus of sea pen in the family Virgulariidae.
Muggiaea is a genus of siphonophores in the family Diphyidae.
Currently, it is placed in Ariaspidae with Ariaspis, and Listraspis, and is considered to be closely related to, if not the progenitor of Liliaspis and Paraliliaspis.
This translucency is due to the thinness of the base and column walls.
The genus Eurypterus was described in 1825 by James Ellsworth De Kay, a zoologist.
Boltenia fusiformis Savigny, 1816: synonym of Boltenia ovifera
The way humans get infected is by swallowing the parasite.
Yunnanodon was discovered in the Lower Lufeng Series, in Yunnan Province, China.
Humans with taeniasis can infect other humans or animal intermediate hosts by eggs and gravid proglottids passed in the feces.
They typically have multiple tentacles at each corner.
It includes tiny flukes which are mostly parasitising livestock ruminants, as well as some wild mammals.
Acropora paniculata is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Addison Emery Verrill in 1902.
Stylasterias forreri, the velcro star, is the only species in the genus.
These sponges take hundreds of years to grow and never stop growing until they die.
In 2004, researchers proposed that Palaeospondylus was a larval lungfish.
A cluster of tentacleless polyps form an outlet valve that releases water to deflate the colony.
Members of this genus are native to the Indo-Pacific region and are often found on reef slopes in turbid water.
Root-knot nematode larvae infect plant roots, causing the development of root-knot galls that drain the plant's photosynthate and nutrients.
Some authorities treat it as a suborder of Cyathaspidiformes, while others treat it as an order in its own right as "Amphiaspidiformes."
Hemicentrotus pulcherrimus is a species of sea urchin, the only species in the genus Hemicentrotus.
These fast-moving nektonic carnivores lived in the Ordovician period.
Salvatoria pilkena belongs to a reduced group of species that possess rugose dorsal cirri, contrary to the typical spindle-shaped cirri found in its genus.
It is found on the seabed at abyssal depths.
Clathria rosita is a species of demosponge first found on the coast of South Georgia island, in the south west Southern Ocean.
It is found in the northeast Atlantic, and in the Adriatic, Mediterranean Sea, Black Sea and Sea of Azov.
It can be used to fight the Japanese beetle, Popillia japonica, in Ohio.
It lived during the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.
The infection rates of 94 red deer investigated in southern Germany during 1907–1974 were 23%.
They are often stiffened by purple sclerites and some colonies, in brightly-lit back reef areas are purple, though most colonies are brown or grey.
G. magnotuberculata is noted for its extremely pustulose exoskeleton, bell shaped glabella and lack of complete articulated specimens.
P. manifestus is different by having a longer vagina, and morphological differences in the quadriloculate organ and hamuli.
Scyphocrinus, is an extinct genus of crinoids.
P. crucifer can reproduce sexually, with the eggs developing into larvae inside the parent.
Attachment of many parasites can cause large wounds and the epidermis of the host fish can be damaged which allows secondary infections.
Cybellela is an extinct genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida.
Paratichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
Acropora lokani is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by C. C. Wallace in 1994.
Fossils of the various genera are found in early Devonian-aged marine strata.
The species is of uncertain affinities, having been thought of as either a fish tooth or a brachiopod.
Pentaster is a genus of sea stars in the family Oreasteridae.
Pernerocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoids from the Devonian.
The metacestode of E. shiquicus was detected exclusively from plateau pikas.
The genus is thought to be the earliest known, more or less undisputed edrioasteroid.
It has confused with Hirudo medicinalis, but has recently been recognized as different species.
Gwynia capsula is a very small to minute brachiopod, currently known from the east Atlantic, but which occurred during the Pleistocene in what is now Norway.
The species was first described by Lendenfeld in 1910.
Euperipatoides kanangrensis is a species of velvet worm of the Peripatopsidae family, described in 1996 from specimens collected in Kanangra-Boyd National Park, New South Wales.
They are distinguished from other genera in the same family by having tentacles associated with the anterior sucker.
Ice worms are enchytraeid annelids of the genus Mesenchytraeus.
Arcuolimbus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
It lives on plankton that it filters from seawater with a mucous net.
The zooxanthellae are also capable of removing waste products from the coral.
It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
The body of this worm consists of a head, a cylindrical, segmented body and a tail piece.
The gorgonian twig coral, Homphyton verrucosum, is a species of gorgonian sea fan in the family Anthothelidae.
Some taxa also exhibit enteronephry, where some nephridia, instead of emptying to the body surface, empty into the digestive tract.
Centrostephanus sylviae is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae.
Recently discovered genus Malo was also associated to this family.
Alleiolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
Alvinella pompejana, the Pompeii worm, is a species of deep-sea polychaete worm.
The surface is smooth apart from small wart-like papillae.
Clypeaster amplificatus was first scientifically described in 1922 by Koehler.
It is a zooxanthellate coral that houses symbiont dinoflagellates in its tissues.
The velvet-like skin of live keyhole sand dollars is usually tan, brown, grey or dark green in colour.
It probably evolved during the Devonian period and it is believed to be the largest brachiopod that has ever existed.
They can be found in the Solnhofen Plattenkalk.
Braunosteus schmidti is a medium sized selenosteid arthrodire placoderm known from the Upper Frasnian Kellwasserkalk facies of Late Devonian Bad Wildungen, Germany.
Common names include long-spined sea urchin, black longspine urchin and the banded diadem.
Their cephalon is the widest part of the animal, and the thorax is usually in 13 segments.
Some species are used to study echinoderm development and bioluminescence.
Others live permanently in tubes, either calcareous or parchment-like, and these are known as "sedentary".
Dugesia hepta is a species of freshwater triclad endemic to Sardinia.
Sometimes also known as colonic fluke, it infects the colon of pigs, rhesus monkey, orang-utan, fish, field rats and Napu mouse deer.
Being predatory lizards, goannas are often quite large, or at least bulky, with sharp teeth and claws.
Pleurobrachia is a common genus of Ctenophora.
Millepora tenera is a species of fire coral in the family Milleporidae.
It is ectoparasite on the gills of a deep-sea fish, the bigeyed sixgill shark Hexanchus nakamurai.
Mahseers inhabit both rivers and lakes, ascending to rapid streams with rocky bottoms for breeding.
Litomatopus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The L1 larvae live in a modified skeletal muscle cell.
Despite its name, the paracrinoids are not closely related to crinoids.
The name "Harpidae" was once used as the name for the trilobite family containing the type genus Harpes.
It is the only known species in its genus.
Perophora regina is a species of colonial sea squirt in the genus Perophora.
Elaeophora is a genus of parasitic nematodes which live attached to the interior surfaces of major arteries, veins and/or heart chambers in various large mammal hosts.
The nematode commonly resides in the pulmonary arteries of rats, giving it the common name rat lungworm.
The genus was erected with the description of B. gracilis from the roots of a pine tree in Florida in the United States.
This species differs from its cogenerate species mainly by proportions of its claws and buccopharyngeal apparatus.
Balanophyllia europea, called also Scarlet coral or pig-tooth coral, is a small species of stony coral in the family Dendrophylliidae.
It averages about 1.36 m in length, but can reach a length of as much as 6.7 m and can weigh over 1.5 kg.
Allurjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
The Cloudinids, an early metazoan family containing the genus Cloudina, lived in the late Ediacaran period and became extinct at the base of the Cambrian.
