Rhodacaroides is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Gnaphosa stussineri is a ground spider species found in Greece.
The females resemble a piece of dead leaf, and will sometimes hide in debris that has fallen into the web.
These threat classifications for Clianthus apply to plants in the wild, but the species are widely cultivated.
Some members of this genus do have bites which are medically significant in humans; however, bites by Steatoda species generally do not have any long-lasting effects.
Scoturius is a genus of jumping spiders endemic to Paraguay and Argentina.
Zygoballus is a genus of jumping spiders found in North and South America.
Adult males, unmated adult and subadult females can be found in late August.
The spider sits at the center during the day most of the time.
Walckenaeria is a genus of spiders in the Linyphiidae family.
Cupiennius is a genus of wandering spiders, known by the common name banana spiders, found from Mexico to northwestern South America, and on some Caribbean islands.
Rhizoglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
They live as parasites on the skin of birds and mammals.
Adult males do not build webs and stop eating.
It is threatened by habitat degradation from invasive plants and coastal development.
Centruroides arctimanus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
The genus was transferred from Ctenizidae to Idiopidae in 1985.
This doesn't provide legal protection for the species, but the list tracks animals that may become endangered.
Anidiops is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Australia.
According to its original describers, it is closely related to the genus Microhasarius.
Trombidium clavipes is a fossil species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
Their tent-like web is very similar to the ones Oecobius builds; but Uroctea species do not have a cribellum.
From an initial 1963 publication on its biological characteristics, it has become the most studied species of spider.
Females reach a body length of about 15 millimetres.
Phidippus tyrannus is a species of jumping spider found in the United States and Mexico, first described in 2004.
They often hide during the day, and wait for prey in the center of their web at night.
Ixodes texanus is a species of tick in the genus Ixodes.
Predatoroonops is a genus of goblin spiders endemic to the Brazilian Atlantic Forest.
It was described by Robin and Lanquentin in 1859.
Dysderids have six eyes, and are haplogyne, i.e.
The genus Lardoglyphus was erected by Anthonie Cornelis Oudemans in 1927.
The order includes more than 1,000 described species in about 153 genera.
Chaco socos is a species of mygalomorph spiders of Chile, named after its type locality: Socos, Limarí, Region IV.
Tylolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Acantholycosa dudkorum is a species of wolf spider only known from the south-central Altai Mountains in Russia.
The Bothriuridae are a family of scorpions, comprising 151 species in 16 genera:
It has still not been attached to any of the current salticid groups.
Of the eyes, not even eye sockets are visible.
Oligonychus mangiferus, many fruit crops, sweet potato, cotton, ornamentals
Litoporus uncatus is a cellar spider species found in Northern South America.
Acanthopelma rufescens is a species of spider belonging to the family Theraphosidae.
Sinopoda okinawana is a species of huntsman spider found in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan.
Argiope protensa is a species of the spider genus Argiope.
Dianolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Idiopidae are a mygalomorph spider family, also known as the armored trapdoor spiders.
The family comprises one fossil and 15 recent genera, containing 70 species:
Only one specimen of this species was ever collected, a female.
Pachomius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Orsonwelles graphicus is a species of linyphiid spider endemic to the Big Island of Hawaii.
The main distinguishing feature between this species and the similar Euophrys nepalica is the presence of dense white hairs on the palps.
The female C. cornuta is 3.1mm long, the male 2,9mm.
Most species grow up to 2 cm.
Seven are found in Australia, thirteen in Asia and, one endemic to New Caledonia and one endemic to Vanuatu.
It has been described by Simon, in 1897.
In M. lewisi, M. barona and M. downeyi, which are slightly smaller, only six eyes can be found.
Microgyniidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Discozerconidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Maenola is a spider genus of the Salticidae family from South America.
Those in Australia's Northern Territory are poor at hunting jumping spiders and better against non-salticid web-building spiders and against insects.
Zodarion maculatum is a spider species found in Portugal, Spain, Sicily and Morocco.
Carparachne is a genus of huntsman spiders found in Namibia.
The abdomen protrudes over the carapace, while its eight small eyes are located on a tubercle at the front of the carapace.
Among colonies commercially imported from the Netherlands and Belgium to Japan, infestation rates were 20%.
Attidops is a genus of jumping spiders.
Red velvet mites or rain bugs are arachnids found in soil litter known for their bright red colours but are often mistaken for spiders.
Mabuyonyssus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Although superficially similar to and often misidentified as spiders, the Opiliones are a distinct order that is not closely related to spiders.
Diaea evanida is a species of arachnid in the Thomisidae family.
Its burrow is up to 32 cm deep, where the temperature is relatively constant during the seasons.
The underside of the abdomen is much paler.
Histiostoma is a genus of mites, including the species Histiostoma polypori.
Epidermoptidae is a family of acariform mites.
Calvoliella is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Agelena labyrinthica is a species of spiders in the family Agelenidae.
They do however consume them on the ground or above the water.
A. rogersi is a polymorphic mimic: some individuals use C. atratus as a model species, while others resemble C. pusillus.
Their carapace is dark brown to black, except for a central pale longitudinal stripe on the thorax.
Neohorstia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
The current generic name Selenocosmia has been wrongly applied to the Australian species and will be revised, the generic name Phlogius being reinstated.
It is endemic to Texas in the United States, where it is known from Bracken Cave in Bexar County.
The six-legged parasitic larva feeds on a large variety of creatures, including humans, rabbits, toads, box turtles, quail, and even some insects.
The Robust burrowing scorpion is a widespread species of scorpion in the drier regions of southern Africa.
Lyssomaninae is a subfamily of jumping spiders.
Spiders of this genus have unusual pedipalps, and do probably not belong to the Salticoida, the main clade of jumping spiders.
Amaurobius vachoni is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Spain.
In the genus definition it says "Small unidentate spiders ranging from about 1.4 to 3.0mm in length."
Poropodalius is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
The species is often active at dawn and dusk, but takes refuge by day in a variety of shelters.
Cteniza brevidens is a spider species found in Sicily and Sardinia.
Common throughout Southern Africa, it has been introduced into other countries and is now present in Australia and throughout New Zealand.
The family was established by Karl Kraepelin in 1905.
It is also found on foxes, mustelids, dogs and cats."
The Italian biologist Diacinto Cestoni showed in the 18th century that scabies is caused by the mite Sarcoptes scabiei, variety hominis.
Gammaridacarus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Australhypopus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
The main threat to this and other local troglobites is the loss of their karst cave habitat.
For the Dutch lawyer see Arnold Vinnius.
Hehoa bunigera is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Pseudoparasitus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
That AHFV and KFDV diverged some 700 years ago would suggest that unknown tick-borne hemorrhagic/encephalitic viruses may exist between Saudi Arabia and India.
The genera Habronattus and Pellenes are closely related.
Orchestina simoni is a spider species found in France, Italy and Greece.
Habronattus coecatus is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family, that can be found in Mexico, the United States, and Bermuda.
Until the female specimen is re-examined, Logonov considers Stichius albomaculatus to be a nomen dubium and the taxonomic status of the genus Stichius to be unclear.
The bodies of these mites are covered in a reticulated pattern.
Theridula emertoni is a species of tangle web spider commonly found in the United States and Canada.
The Pompilid wasp species Tachypompilus ignitus is at least largely a specialist hunter of mature Palystes females.
The relatively small chelicerae are sexually dimorphic.
Empanda is a monotypic genus of jumping spiders.
Leiobunum is a genus of the harvestman family Sclerosomatidae with more than a hundred described species.
Acragas leucaspis is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas.
The best known of the Trombiculidae are the chiggers.
Amblyomma variegatum, commonly known as the tropical bont tick, is a species of tick of the genus Amblyomma endemic to Africa.
L. anops seems to be closely related with L. senoculatum, L. valencianum and L. huberti from Venezuela.
Zodarion styliferum is a spider species found in Portugal, Spain and Madeira.
The single described species Saaristattus tropicus is found in Malaysia.
Eurybunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The female has a length of about 10 mm, the male being smaller at around 8 mm.
Three of the described species are endemic to the Seychelles and two are endemic to Madagascar.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Pachyonomastus kittenbergeri.
Over 32,000 described species are found in 351 families, and an estimated total of 440,000 to 929,000 species occur, including undescribed species.
Brettus is a genus of jumping spiders.
Alopecosa mariae is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa with a palearctic distribution.
Arctosa is a genus of wolf spiders.
Meta is a spider genus that occurs worldwide.
There are 80 species of palpigrade worldwide.
They are distributed nearly worldwide in the tropics, from Australia to Africa and the Americas.
It is present in other parts as an introduced species, including Cuba, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Jamaica, and Florida in the United States.
It is not recommended to handle this species because of its disposition and also due to the venom and the likelihood of multiple bites.
Nephilingis borbonica is an araneid spider from Réunion.
The genus was first described by Reginald Frederick Lawrence in 1962.
The etymology of the name is from a Greek name meaning "silver-faced".
It is nearly indistinguishable from the spider Dysdera crocata, but is far less common and has a much smaller geographic range.
Acantholycosa azyuzini is a species of wolf spider only known from the Altai Mountains.
Euepicrius is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
A. flavescens most commonly inhabits the webs of araneids.
A. australis, along with A. amoreuxi and Pandinus imperator, is the most commonly available scorpions found in the exotic animal trade.
Moneta is a spider genus in the family Theridiidae.
They are very similar to Demodex folliculorum, with just a few differences.
They can be found in the mountains of central Argentina, and in various cities that are located in the center of the country.
Arctosa excellens is a wolf spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
Ixodes scapularis is commonly known as the deer tick or blacklegged tick, and in some parts of the USA as the bear tick.
The mature female of A. anasuja always rests at the centre of the orb with her head facing downwards.
The scientific definition seemingly includes many more, but not all species of Trombiculidae.
Males die after at the most 16 months, while females can live for more than two years.
The species is 350 micrometres long and 180 micrometres wide with short setae.
It builds a hammock-shaped web among bushes or low vegetation, on tree trunks, or under logs, which it rests beneath.
It is the only British mygalomorph spider.
The lineage dates back at least to the Paleocene–Eocene boundary, about 56 million years ago.
The black & white image Bill Crowle made can be seen on the right.
They use a moth pheromone for this, which resembles the one used by the bolas spiders of the genus Mastophora.
The female then deposits the eggs in a burrow in soil and in some species guards them.
The Malaysian earthtiger tarantula, scientific name Omothymus schioedtei, is a species of spider in the family Theraphosidae, found in Peninsular Malaysia.
The dead male is afterwards removed from the web.
They are sit-and-wait predators, with limited activity.
The Fornicephalae are an infraorder of mygalomorph spiders, consisting of eight families with ca.
Although its venom contains a weak neurotoxin called maurotoxin, S.maurus is not a dangerous scorpion for humans.
This species has the typical slender claws found in most members of the Buthidae family.
It was first described in 1926 by Simon.
Troglohyphantes similis, one of several species occasionally called the Kočevje subterranean spider is a species of spider in the Linyphiidae family.
Castianeirinae is a subfamily of corinnid sac spider.
Dysdera aculeata is a spider species found from Central Asia.
Phlegra fuscipes is a species of jumping spiders that can be found in Siberia and China.
Laelaps alaskensis – Blarina, Dicrostonyx, Lemmiscus, Lemmus, Microtus, Mustela, Myodes, Myotis, Napaeozapus, Ochrotomys, Ondatra, Onychomys, Parascalops, Peromyscus, Phenacomys, Poliocitellus, Sorex, Synaptomys, Thomomys
Aptostichus stephencolberti is a species of spider in the family Euctenizidae, named after the American satirist Stephen Colbert.
It was first found in Madhya Pradesh, India.
Tartarocreagris texana is a species of arachnid in family Neobisiidae.
Tityus stigmurus is a species of scorpion from the family Buthidae that can be found in Brazil.
After another species in the genus, P. liupan sp.nov., was found in 2009, it now has 2 species.
Amaurobius longipes is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Greece.
Drassodes is a spider genus in the family Gnaphosidae.
It is a burrowing scorpion which can create intricated tunnels and spend days buried at the bottom on its lair.
It inhabits a wide variety of habitats, from coasts to forests.
Viewing by the human eye requires, a 10 – 20X lens.
When provoked, they will strike the aggressor repeatedly with the anterior legs; if the aggressor does not retreat these spiders has been known to bite.
They are typically 4–4.5 millimetres in length.
Most webs are built low above the ground.
Anapistula orbisterna Lin, Pham & Li, 2009 — Vietnam
Homalenotus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
It contains only one species, Macopaeus spinosus.
Varroa jacobsoni is a species of mite that parasitises Apis cerana.
Prodentobunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Arachnura is a genus of orb-weaving spiders of Australasia, with one species found in Africa and Madagascar.
It is a cribellate spider of the family Dictynidae.
Both species are only known from female specimens.
Abracadabrella birdsville is a species of jumping spider in the genus Abracadabrella.
The Empire Cave Pseudoscorpion is a species of arachnid in family Neobisiidae.
Both species have been found only in Panama.
Brachypelma albopilosum is a species of tarantula, known as the curlyhair tarantula.
Hasarius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Gnaphosa secreta is a ground spider species found in France.
B. heterospinosa is about 3 to 4 mm long in both sexes.
Both the holotype and paratype were collected from small webs at the tips of branches, from a forested area next to a beach.
The elongate stilt spider, T. elongata, is a spider in the family Tetragnathidae.
Alopecosa reimoseri is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Hungary.
Tydeidae is a family of acariform mites.
Alopecosa huabanna is a species of wolf spider found in Inner Mongolia in the People's Republic of China.
The six families are currently grouped into two infraorders, the Tropicophthalmi and the Temperophthalmi; however, these are not supported by modern phylogenetic analysis.
Buthoscorpio sarasinorum is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
On the posterior half, the abdomen has a mottled brown to red-brown V-shaped mark pointed towards the posterior.
Hogna carolinensis, also known as the Carolina wolf spider, is usually regarded as the largest of the wolf spiders found in North America.
Both described species are endemic to New Guinea.
Gnaphosa tetrica is a ground spider species found in France and Macedonia.
The form of these red markings have earned the spider it's common name, the flame knee.
Its six described species are found in southern Asia from India to China and Sulawesi, with a single species endemic to Madagascar.
Bathippus is a genus of jumping spiders.
Prethopalpus attenboroughi is a tiny arachnid named after Sir David Attenborough, that is found only on Horn Island off northern Queensland in Australia.
Missulena pruinosa, commonly known as the northern mouse spider, is a species of spider belonging to the family Actinopodidae, native to Australia.
The species that are found in North America are found in the South to Southwest and are rarely longer than two inches.
They are thought to be close to the origins of spiders.
Krusa is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The holotype and paratype specimens were collected in Teluk Mahkota, Johor, Malaysia.
N. taylori is most similar in morphology to N. sumatranus from Indonesia and N. kovblyuki from the Crimea and elsewhere.
Megabunus is a genus of harvestmen with six known recent species.
The Proctophyllodidae are a family of the Acarina order Astigmata.
Sitticus wuae is a species of jumping spider, named after the collector Hai-Yin Wu.
The legs bear long black and white stripes.
Zodarion ludibundum is a spider species found in Corsica, Sicily and Algeria.
Phidippus is a genus in the family Salticidae.
Lowryacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
They are not aggressive, and most injuries to humans are due to defensive bites delivered when a spider gets unintentionally squeezed or pinched somehow.
Araneus svanetiensis is an orb-weaver spider found in Georgia.
The skeleton tarantula, Ephebopus murinus, is a species of spider belonging to the family Theraphosidae, sub-family Aviculariinae.
Conversely as temperatures drop at night, the burrows buffer away from the lowest temperatures.
Most identified specimens were found in Florida, though some have been found in Georgia and Louisiana.
They look much like Atypus piceus, but spiderlings are often very lightly colored, and the three-part posterior spinnerets do not have a light blot.
The family contains 193 species, although the composition of the genera is less certain, and more study is needed before the genera can become stable.
Paralysis ticks are found in many types of habitat particularly areas of high rainfall such as wet sclerophyll forest and temperate rainforest.
It has a total length of nearly 6 mm.
Females are recognized by the epigastrium produced in a membranous extension and the long, slender and bifurcated spermathecae.
They were considered by Alexander Petrunkevitch to be "mesotheles", i.e.
Gigantoscorpio willsi is an extinct species of scorpion.
Bianor is a genus of the spider family Salticidae with a size between 3 and 4 mm.
It contains only one species, Madhyattus jabalpurensis.
In Japan, it is known as ji-gumo.
Ceratobunellus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Pompilid wasps only hunt spiders, which they paralyse by stinging them.
Amblyomma is a genus of hard ticks.
Albionella is a genus of jumping spiders found in Panama.
Gnaphosa lucifuga is a ground spider species with Palearctic distribution.
Males are regularly seen from August to December, probably looking for females.
Two other species have previously been recognized: Albionella guianensis, regarded as a dubious name, and Albionella chickeringi, now placed in the genus Mago as Mago checkeringi.
Hadogenes is a genus of large African scorpions found from South Africa up to Tanzania.
The rastellum is stronger, and the maxillae are shorter, than in other species of its genus.
Ichoronyssus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Aberoptus championus is a species of mite belonging to the family Eriophyidae.
Fagacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Anelosimus guacamayos is a species of social cobweb spider that occurs in the lower Ecuadorian sierra.
Trombidium fturum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
They are found in Japan, China, and Southeast Asia.
Some of the Prostigmata parasitizing vertebrates are of medical relevance due to causing skin diseases in humans.
Buthacus is a genus of scorpion belonging to the family Buthidae.
When moving it keep its two front legs stretched, moves very slowly a few steps and then accelerates.
This plant colonisation was followed by plant and detritus feeders such as primitive insects and millipedes.
Cyclosternum is a genus of New world tarantulas in the Theraphosidae family, native to Central America and South America.
Synema globosum is a species of spiders belonging to the family Thomisidae.
The spider genus Steatoda, in the family Theridiidae, includes over 120 recognized species, distributed around the world.
Teylini is a tribe of mygalomorph spiders consisting of the four genera Teyl, Namea, Teyloides and Pseudoteyl.
Lechytia is a genus of pseudoscorpions in the family Lechytiidae within the superfamily Chthonioidea.
They are opposed to the Fornicephalae, which make up the rest of the Mygalomorphae.
Tydeus munsteri is a species of mite belonging to the family Tydeidae.
The species name is derived from Latin pulcher "beautiful".
Euryopis flavomaculata is a tangle-web spider species with Palearctic distribution.
The legs can be uniformly dark red or brown, or annulated.
These egg sacs are commonly seen from about November to April.
Saitis in Australia have enlarged and fringed third legs which they use for display but do not raise their abdomens like Maratus.
Mintonia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It contains only one species, Nungia epigynalis., described from a single 6 mm long female, although males have later been found.
It is a troglobite that lives its whole life in a subterranean karst cave.
Orissula heterospinulata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
This dark coloured spider with rather indistinct markings is 8.5 mm in length.
Sitticus designatus is a species of spider in the family Salticidae, that can be found in Ethiopia and South Africa.
Nesticodes is a genus of spiders in the family Theridiidae.
The spider species Plebs eburnus is commonly referred to as the Eastern Grass Orb-weaver or the Eastern Bush Orb-weaver, and sometimes more simply the Bush Orb-weaver.
Moreover, their legs are comparatively short compared to their body length, typically shorter than the body.
Cylistella is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
P. clarus is parasitized by the Californian wasp Aporinellus completus and by mermithid nematodes.
The legs are light brown with black patches and large, prominent spines.
It is brown, much lighter than the cephalothorax, with some red and white hairs.
Chaetopelma altugkadirorum is a small, Old World tarantula.
As with almost all havestmen, the second leg is longest, being around 14–20 mm when fully extended.
Nepalgrella is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
It creates a tube of silk that is hidden partially underground, with the portion above ground being covered in leaves and other debris.
Eremobatidae is a family in the arachnid order Solifugae.
Two species species that were once in this family, Damoetas christae and Damoetas galianoae have since been moved to Myrmavola.
Agelena koreana is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
While Stylocellus species have eyes, these are absent in the other two genera.
It has been recorded on Prunus domestica and Psidium guajava in the vicinity of Potchefstroom, South Africa.
The name is a variation of the salticid genus Opisthoncus.
The mite is also a vector of passion fruit green spot virus and coffee ringspot virus, and ringspots of Cestrum and Solanum plants.
It is the largest web-spinning spider known.
Agelena sherpa is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
Sometimes Phaeacius takes a more active approach, especially if without prey for a week or more.
Phorytocarpais is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Both described species are endemic to New Guinea.
Several undescribed species are known or assumed in some genera.
The spider escapes parasitic pompilid wasps by flipping onto its side and cartwheeling down sand dunes at speeds of up to 44 turns per second.
Chilelopsis calderoni is a species of mygalomorph spiders of Chile, named after Dr Raúl Calderón.
Zebra tarantulas can grow to about 10–13 cm including legspan.
Pachygnatha degeeri is a spider in the genus of long-jawed orb weavers.
There is a marked constriction in the front part of the body in the nymph and adult stages.
Gasteracantha cancriformis is a species of orb-weaver spider.
Amblyomma hebraeum, commonly known as the South African bont tick, is a species of hard tick that is native to southern Africa.
The hobby species will thrive within a temperature range of around 80 °F to 85 °F, and a humidity range of 50 to 80%.
They are found mostly in Queensland, especially warmer parts, on vegetation and under the bark of gum trees.
It was found to be separate from the related species Nephilingis borbonica in 2011
The woodlouse spider, Dysdera crocata, is a species of spider that preys primarily upon woodlice.
Ghelna is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Nesticella mogera is a spider from the Nesticidae family.
Planiemen is a genus of jumping spider erected in 2007 for the sole species Planiemen rotundus, formerly placed in the genus Pachyballus.
Anapistula pocaruguara Rheims & Brescovit, 2003 — Brazil
Rhipicephalus hoogstraali is a tick found in Djibouti and Somalia.
Measuring up to 7 cm, it is one of largest species of scorpion native to Australia.
The discovery of the itch mite in 1687 marked scabies as the first disease of humans with a known cause.
It is found in Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland.
Blattisocius incisus is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae.
The genus was erected by Carl "Spider" Koch in his 1875 treatise on Australian spiders.
This mite is associated with Medicago sativa and various other plants and has been recorded in the vicinity of Caledon and Grabouw, South Africa.
They are small ground-dwelling and free-living spiders that make little use of silk.
It is found in dry shrubland at sea level.
They have either one or two pairs of eyes.
Wanlessia is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
Paragagrella is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
It was first described in 1895 by Simon.
The name "whistling tarantula" comes from its ability to produce a hissing noise when provoked, a trait it shares with other Australian theraphosids.
The genus was first described by Tamerlan Thorell in 1877.
Trebacosa brunhesi is a wolf spider species in the genus Trebacosa found in France.
This species is found on the African continent, in Angola, as well as central, eastern, and southern Africa.
Ptocasius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Xuriella is a small genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
It was first described by the arachnologist Arthur M. Chickering in 1946.
Euscorpius beroni is a scorpion species endemic to Albania.
Note that species Chilobrachys jingzhao, identified in 2001, was found to be a synonym of Chilobrachys guangxiensis in 2008.
Some jumping spider prey have partial defences against the cryptic stalking technique.
Contests between Portia females are violent, and embraces in P. schultzi typically take 20 to 60 seconds.
Because V. coahuilae is primarily a burrowing species, they are most easily found by using a black light and can be found under rocks and debris.
The Halidae are a tiny spider family with only three described species in two genera.
It is said to be close to Pseudamycus.
It is endemic to Texas in the United States, where it is known from only one cave in Bexar County.
Nycerella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Trichoaspis julus is a species of mite placed in its own family, Trichoaspididae, in the order Mesostigmata.
Pelegrina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Procopius aeneolus is a species of spider in the family Corinnidae, found in Equatorial Guinea.
Olios suavis is a spider species found in Cyprus, Israel and Egypt.
Dracochela deprehendor is a fossil stem group species of pseudoscorpion, though lacking a spinneret on the chelicera.
B. ehrenbergii is the most cited species in the genus.
It is found in Guinea, West Africa, having been first discovered at Mamou.
Polyaspinus is a genus of mites in the family Trachytidae.
They have an opening in the lower surface.
The Lasiodora klugi is a tarantula endemic to Brazil.
Many species live in leaf litter and build minute sheet webs.
They are characterized by the simplified male genitalia, with the glans free subapical in the truncus.
In vegetation near shorelines, P. africana hunts in the social jumping spiders' cities.
Iranattus is a genus of jumping spiders only found in Iran.
Signature spiders get their name from the zigzag design embossed on the web, the stabilimentum, that is believed to serve a camouflage function.
Cannibalism, while still a concern when kept communally, is less problematic compared to other Theraphosidae.
A. erberi is very similar to A. similis and A. fenestralis in general appearance.
Xanthippe is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
The spider is often rusty brown or orange in colour.
Opilio lepidus is a species of harvestman in the Phalangiidae family.
Pachymasiphis is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
In 1994 they introduced the species they named Pachygnatha zappa.
It was described by Karg in 1976.
The densely hairy carapace is dark brown with a large pale, roughly triangular patch centrally.
It was first described in 1895 by Simon.
especially while the tick is in the larval or nymphal stage.
However, the female does not eat her mate.
Chilelopsis puertoviejo is a species of mygalomorph spiders of Chile, named after its type locality: Puerto Viejo, Copiapó, Region III.
The current status of the invertebrates is difficult to assess because their habitats are largely inaccessible and the animals themselves are small and cryptic.
Haplopsecas is a genus of jumping spiders with a single described species, Haplopsecas annulipes.
It is one of twenty-eight described species in the genus Pimoa.
It was first described by Zhang, Zhu & Song, in 2005.
Evarcha is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae with 89 species across the world.
The species was previously included in Nephilengys malabarensis as the subspecies N. m. papuana, but is now recognized as a separate species.
Cosmophasis thalassina is a species of jumping spider found from Malaysia to Australia.
Metasyleus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Davus fasciatus, commonly known as the Costa Rican tiger rump, is a species of a new-world tarantula native to Costa Rica.
Pneumophionyssus aristoterisi is a species of mite placed in its own family, Pneumophionyssidae, in the order Mesostigmata.
Yunkeracarus is a genus of mites belonging to the family Gastronyssidae.
Often found resting on one or two threads of silk.
Tetranychus is a genus of spider mite.
Allocosa dufouri is a wolf spider found in Portugal and Spain.
Compared to the Australian Funnel-web Spider, however, the Eastern Mouse Spider is far less aggressive towards humans, and may often give "dry" bites.
Scorpiops is a genus of scorpion in the Euscorpiidae family.
The family to which the genus belongs may be paraphyletic.
Urozercon is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Its range overlaps that of Ixodes crenulatus, with corresponding developmental stages found together on the same hosts.
This species was described from a single rather poorly preserved male specimen from which little external detail could be distinguished.
Clynotoides is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family with only one described species, Clynotoides dorae.
The species was first found in Austis, Sardinia, after which it is named.
It occurs in many parts of Australia.
Euophrys albopalpalis is a species of jumping spider found only in central Taiwan.
Hentzia is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Its name is taken from the English dialect word attercop, which came from Old English attorcoppa, from ator, itself drawn from the Proto-Germanic *aitra- and kopp-.
Although most species more or less mimic ants, there are also colorful species that follow a different strategy.
Sternolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Pseudocellus boneti is an arachnid species in the order Ricinulei.
The common American grass spider is a species of grass spider native to southeastern Canada and the New England states.
Arachnura logio is a species of scorpion spider of the family Araneidae.
Zygoballus remotus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in Guatemala.
It belongs to the viridipes species group within the genus Habronattus.
It was collected from the leaf litter at an altitude of 1,929 metres and is only known from the type locality.
Clubiona vegeta is a sac spider species found in Europe, Central Asia, North Africa and the Canary Islands.
Rhodacantha is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Balaustium graminum is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae.
Bacelarella is a genus of jumping spiders.
In the postlarval stage, they are not parasitic and feed on plant materials.
It has two pairs of eyes and long, slender legs.
This species occurs syntopically with S. mandelai and a number of other mygalomorph spiders at the Great Fish River Nature Reserve.
Isometrus formosus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Two pairs of yellowish brown transverse bands are seen on the thoracic area.
The eyes are on a black band that extends back, fading into the pale brown.
Carpaidion is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Females can be recognized by the small transparent scales covering the body, males by the lack of copulatory suckers.
Vaejovis janssi is a species of scorpion endemic to the Revillagigedo Islands in Mexico.
The male display and courtship dance are complex, involving visual and vibratory signals.
Austrophthiracarus is a genus of mites in the family Steganacaridae.
Although it has been reported from a number of locations in South-east Asia, the only reliable records are from Luwu.
Gnolus and Oarces transferred from Mimitidae by Dimitrov et al., 2012: Suppl.
They are closely related but Steatoda are significantly less harmful to humans.
The species are orophilous when it comes to habitat.
Dippenaar-Schoeman & Jocqué give the distribution range as Zad're to Ethiopia.
Androlaelaps schaeferi is a mite that lives on the Madagascar hissing cockroach.
Development of a social phenotype ultimately leads to a loss of aggression; meaning social spiders are less likely to fight off predators than their asocial counterparts.
Females are between 1 and 3 cm long, males reach only 2 mm and are tailless.
Acragas carinatus is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas.
They fashion a cone-like central retreat in which they hide and lay eggs.
Paraseiulus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
It can be identified by its unique genitalia, particularly the spiraling embolus in the males.
Histiogaster is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
However, Paul A. Selden has stated they only have "the general appearance of spiders", with segmented abdomens, but no definite spinnerets.
As in other solifuges, mating involves the male depositing a spermatogonia that is manipulated into the female genital opening using their chelicera.
Neoscona arabesca is a common orb-weaver spider found throughout the United States and Canada.
Asaracus is a genus of jumping spiders.
Blattisocius daci is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae.
Zodarion kossamos is a spider species found in Greece.
It is one of several genera, including Telema, Usofila, and Cangoderces, whose relationship within the family and to these other genera is still poorly understood.
Nenteria is a genus of mites in the family Nenteriidae.
Sobasina amoenula is a species of jumping spider.
Anapistula ataecina Cardoso & Scharff, 2009 — Portugal
Setoglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
The larger species are sometimes seen far outside their native ranges in shipments of fruits, when frequently confused with Phoneutria spiders.
This is an oval species with a length of around ¾ mm.
Schizogyniidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Most species in the family are not dangerous to humans.
The legs are brown and lack annulations.
The exact taxonomic limits of the subfamily are not yet known.
The genus was first described in 1871 by Henry Woodward.
The Alloptidae and Trouessartiidae were in earlier times included here as subfamilies.
It is endemic to Canada and Alaska.
Tenuiphantes tenuis is a species of spider belonging to the family Linyphiidae.
Height is more important than floor space, and often the spider will make use of something to allow it to climb, such as cork bark.
Pholcus velitchkovskyi is a cellar spider species found in Russia, Ukraine and Iran.
C. parvulus is found in North America.
It is found in Central Africa, Kenya, and Tanzania where it lives in caves and crevices, and under fallen logs.
A population of moths was found in New Zealand in which both ears were parasitised, the local bat population being extinct.
The species was described by two Belgians.
Gorgasella is a monotypic genus of the jumping spiders found only in Panama.
It has a large body size variability, females can reach a body length of up to 40 millimetres, males about 7 mm.
It is known to prey on a wide range of insects and small vertebrates.
They originated from Central Asia to Central Europe.
The genus was transferred to the family Symphytognathidae by H. W. Levi in 1972, but this was rejected by Brignoli in 1980.
Stemmops is a genus of small theridiid spiders that mostly occur in America, from the United States to Brazil.
Some are found from Mexico to Canada, others from Europe to India.
A female has not yet been discovered.
Juveniles are frequently preyed upon by mud daubers.
Philodromus is a genus of philodromid crab spiders.
Like other spiders in its infraorder, it has fangs that point straight down rather than crossing.
H. insularis is found in Greece and Iran; however, it is considered misplaced in this genus.
Amilenus aurantiacus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae.
They are trapdoor spiders of the family Liphistiidae and are found in Japan, including Okinawa and the Ryukyu Islands.
The only records known to Carico seem to indicate that they favor grasslands, bogs, and swamps.
Hottentotta is a genus of scorpion belonging to the family Buthidae.
Pililaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
The six-spotted fishing spider, Dolomedes triton, is an arachnid from the nursery web spider family Pisauridae.
Acragas fallax is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas.
It is one of the species of giant conspicuous "signature spiders" of the genus Argiope, seen in tropical and subtropical grasslands.
Outside of caves they are often found in forests or shaded ravines.
It has a holarctic distribution; It is found throughout Britain and northern Europe.
The genus name is derived from the Greek Κάῤῥωτος, according to Thorell.
Its common names include Florida bark scorpion, brown bark scorpion, and slender brown scorpion.
They are also known to inhabit Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Caucasus, Italy, India, South Africa, St. Helena, Turkey, France, and in the Carpathian Basin.
Acanthogonatus confusus is a mygalomorph spider of Argentina and Chile, its name referring to the confusion between this species and A. subcalpeianus.
Selenogyrus is a genus of spider, or more specifically, selenogyrine theraphosid.
The species is endemic to Mexico and was officially described by Nathan Banks in 1898.
Statistically, they are the most often encountered spider by humans in North America, and least likely to adopt defensive behavior in their vicinity.
Aleuroglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
This makes the family the seventh largest known.
It is closely related to the genus Afraflacilla.
Its venom contains a peptide toxin called oxyopinin, which was discovered in 2002.
It is the only supra-ordinal group of arachnids that is strongly supported in molecular phylogenetic studies.
P. castaneus often appears in the home just before the onset of rain, where they hunt geckos.
Male M. formosipes are quite distinctive, being much smaller than females and having a greenish cephalothorax, yellow-orange abdomen, and long, red to reddish-black front legs.
Ordgarius magnificus, the magnificent spider, is a bolas spider in the family Araneidae.
The genus is one of the largest within the family, with 180 accepted species.
Another spider, Scotophaeus blackwalli, shares the nickname "mouse spider", but does not belong to the genus Missulena and is not considered dangerous.
The male is usually not as vibrant, the species exhibiting sexual dimorphism.
It is named after its habit of catching small fish.
This cave is also the only home for the Cokendolpher Cave harvestman, another rare arachnid.
Cytaea nausori is a species of jumping spiders.
Amaurobius candia is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Crete.
Arkys curtulus is a small spider found in eastern Australia.
Like most Araneus species, A. gemma is harmless to humans.
It is not to be confused with the harvestman family Phalangiidae, which is in the suborder Eupnoi.
Anadenosternum is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
When one door opens, the other is pressed closed.
Spelungula is a genus of spiders in the family Gradungulidae.
Pseudosynagelides is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Furculattus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae, with the single species F. maxillosus.
They invade and reside in their host's web even though they can spin their own webs.
Male N. arabesca can often be found in nearby foliage or hunting on the ground.
The family is based on the description published by Orator F. Cook in 1899, and was previously named as Schizomidae.
More harmful stings from species found in South America, Africa, and western Asia may require medical attention.
Paraplatybunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
Leptotrombidium deliense is a species of mite.
C. pulcherrima is pantropical, C. nordica occurs from Hungary to Mongolia, and in North America, and C. spiniventris has been intruced in Europe.
A different species was named Lycosa aspersa in 1849 by Nicolet by accident.
Many spiders of the genus Steatoda are often mistaken for widow spiders, and are known as false black widows.
Synonyms are Eriophyes padi and Phytoptus padi prunianus.
The spider was thriving in the locations they were found in.
Despite their name, they do not live exclusively in caves; several species have been found in forest litter.
The genus was transferred from the Ctenizidae by Raven in 1985.
It occurs in North America, Europe and Asia.
The animal goes through 4 pre-imaginal instars before reaching maturity.
Ixodes holocyclus, commonly known as the Australian paralysis tick, is one of about 75 species of Australian tick fauna and is considered the most medically important.
Egg cocoons, which contain several hundred eggs, are generally deposited in October and are constructed of white silk formed in a flattened sphere.
It can now also be found in other parts, such as Florida, where it was first found in 2000.
These spiders are usually easily found in Panama to Mexico.
Only about 25 of these species are known to have venom capable of killing a human being.
The closest relatives are found in the genus Aglaoctenus.
Podothrombium manolatesicus is a species of mite belonging to the family Trombidiidae, first described from Greece.
Thinozercon michaeli is a species of mite, placed in its own family, Thinozerconidae.
Its fossil remains, clearly showing pincer and sting, were discovered in rocks of the Witteberg Group near Grahamstown in South Africa.
It was described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1775, the first Australian species of spider to be named and classified.
Although it appears to be the most dangerous member of the genus, serious envenomings by this species are relatively rare.
Coproglyphus Türk & Türk in Stammer 1957
Aenigmarachne is a genus of spiders in the family Theraphosidae, containing only one species, Aenigmarachne sinapophysis, found in Costa Rica.
Diplura species can be distinguished from Trechona sp.
It has been recorded from a wide range of plants in South Africa.
Bdelloidea is a superfamily of mites, containing the two families Bdellidae and Cunaxidae.
The adult is associated with Vicia faba whereas the nymphs are found on various grasses.
The Prostigmata is a suborder of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes, which contains the "sucking" members of the "true mites".
It walks backwards apparently to enhance the mimicry.
Cryptoparachtes adzharicus is a spider species found in Georgia.
Blattisocius othreisae is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae.
Gamasolaelaps bellingeri is a species of mite belonging to the family Veigaiidae.
They are distributed throughout Oceania and America.
Oxyopes lineatus is a species of spider in the family Oxyopidae, the so-called lynx spiders.
Hadrurus is a genus of scorpions which belongs to the Caraboctonidae family.
It is one of nine Bexar County troglobites which were listed as endangered species in 2000.
Its single species, described from a single collected female was found in rice fields of Luzon Island on the Philippines.
Araniella tbilisiensis is an orb-weaver spider found in Georgia.
P. mira is found all along the eastern seaboard of the United States and west to Texas, Nebraska, and Wisconsin, as well as in Canada.
The American dog tick is a rather colorful tick and is commonly found in highly wooded, shrubby, and long grass areas.
The species closely resembles Chaetopelma olivaceum a widespread species in the region.
Trombidium rhopalicus is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
Oribotritia is a genus of mites in the family Oribotritiidae.
The genus name Gasteracantha derives from the Greek words γαστήρ and ἄκανθα, while the specific epithet cancriformis derives from the Latin words cancer and forma.
Walckenaeria vilbasteae is a spider species found in Finland and Estonia.
Lyrognathus fuscus is a theraphosid spider species in the Lyrognathus genus, found in Borneo.
They specialize in eating insects that feed on bat guano in the Carrai Plateau caves.
Eviphididae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
It contains only one species, Orvilleus crassus.
[Pocock 1998 indicated a juvenile specimen from Honduras might be this species, but this has never been substantiated, and unlikely]
It attaches to the body of the bee and weakens the bee by sucking fat bodies.
The scientific name of this species was first described in 1991 by Zabka.
The species can be reliably distinguished from T. opulenta by the epigyne in females or by the pedipalp in males.
Hybosida lucida is a species of spider found on Mahe Island in the Seychelles.
The species was later posed in synonymy with Meta bourneti .
Typhloseiopsis is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
The Tuberculotae are an infraorder of mygalomorph spiders, consisting of eight families with ca.
Historical superstition has it that the spider's bite can produce severe symptoms called tarantism.
Cytaea is also the Roman name of an ancient Colchic city, modern-day Kutaisi in Georgia.
It is the sole genus in its family and contains 22 described species from many parts of the world.
It belongs to the group of species that has a basifemoral, setal formula 3-3-3.
This migid was first recorded in the 1990s.
Captive scorpions can be fed termites or crickets.
Mikrus is a genus of jumping spiders, described from a single species, Mikrus ugandensis, found in Kenya and Uganda.
Trombidium dacicum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
Eustiromastix is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
The current status of the invertebrates is difficult to assess because their habitats are largely inaccessible and the animals themselves are small and cryptic.
It was synonymized with the genus Hasarius until R. neocaledonicus was removed from the synonymy in 2008, based on molecular studies.
Anapistula bebuia Rheims & Brescovit, 2003 — Brazil
Their webs are strikingly similar, but use a different kind of sticky silk.
Messua is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Oxyopes shweta is a species of lynx spider.
Their legs, however, prevent them from gaining much height in making a jump.
Tibioploides arcuatus is a spider species found in Scandinavia, Russia and Estonia.
It was first found on Krakatau, but later also in Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore, China, Korea and Japan.
Philodromus collinus is a spider species found in Europe and Russia.
Langelurillus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Bassaniana versicolor is a species of spiders under the Bassaniana genus.
It is 3 to 4 millimetres in length, and can be distinguished from other species in its genus by the shape of the embolus.
The centre of species diversity is on the American continent, where half of all the species occur.
Citharacanthus is a genus of New World tarantulas.
The four spinnerets are found just anterior to it, with the posterior, retractable spinnerets particularly large.
Melychiopharis is a genus of orb-weaving spiders in the family Araneidae.
Acanthogonatus juncal is a mygalomorph spider of Argentina and Chile, named after its type locality: Juncal, Los.
Juvenile specimens, however, have pinkish bodies and dark-colored feet.
Mysmenopsis is a kleptoparasitic genus of tiny tropical and subtropical American spiders in the family Mysmenidae.
P. clarus, a relatively large salticid, takes prey up to the size of an adult earwig.
The Japanese water spider is almost exactly like its European cousin.
However, sometimes a nest is built on sides of large boulders.
Amaurobius ausobskyi is a species of spiders in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Greece.
The genera Theridion and Wamba are closely related.
Most of the highly social species live in lowland tropical forests, and all occur in the Americas.
The underside of the cephalothorax is solid black, but the underside of the abdomen may be spotted with lighter colored patches.
Zygoballus nervosus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the eastern United States and Canada.
They are most commonly found in dry areas, sandy roads and beaches.
Dysdera armenica is a spider species found in Armenia and Georgia.
The male type specimen was collected in 1986; the female is unknown.
Between each developmental stage, the juvenile rests as a chrysalis on a plant.
It may be reddish, black with reddish chelae, dark brown with yellowish legs and red chelae, or dark brown with reddish and black tail sections.
Pseudopartona is a genus of the jumping spiders only found in French Guiana.
Irianopus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
It has also been known under a number of synonyms:
Austrodinychus is a genus of mites in the family Nenteriidae.
Psilochorus hesperus is a spider found in cellars and rock boulder nooks in the Northwestern United States and in British Columbia.
Cosmophasis is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
Eremobates is a genus of arachnids of the order Solifugae.
The Tooth Cave spider, formerly Neoleptoneta myopica, now Tayshaneta myopica, is a 1.6 mm long spider in the family Leptonetidae.
Spider males use their palp to transfer semen into the female.
In Florida, Deinopis often hangs upside-down from a silk line under palmetto fronds during the day.
Grymeus is a tiny genus of goblin spiders that is found in Australia.
Anelosimus studiosus is a subsocial tangle web spider or theridiid spider living in both North America and South America.
It is found in dry open woodland or scrub.
It has a tendency to web up the enclosure.
Though once feared to be extinct, a colony was discovered in 2010 at Chippenham Fen in Cambridgeshire.
The family members range in size from the small Americovibone lancafrancoae to over 4 mm in the Enantiobuninae.
Gonyleptoidea is the most diverse superfamily of the Grassatores.
Zeuxippus atellanus is a spider species of the Salticidae family.
Neriene peltata is a species of spider belonging to the family Linyphiidae.
Atypus  is a genus of mygalomorph spider, the purse web spiders.
Unidentified listrophorids have been found on the marsh rice rat in Florida and Georgia.
It was not recorded as a new species until 2005.
Zodarion bacelarae is a spider species found in Portugal.
The redback spider has a widespread distribution in Australia, and inadvertent introductions have led to established colonies in New Zealand, Japan, and in greenhouses in Belgium.
While two species have been known since the 19th century, nine new species were described in 2005.
Opisthacanthus is a genus of scorpions in the family Hemiscorpiidae occurring in central and South America, the Caribbean, Africa and Madagascar.
Lophopilio is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
In particular, diamond has the highest hardness and thermal conductivity of any bulk material.
An unusually dark colored ear wax may also be produced.
Araneotanna is a spider genus of the Salticidae family with only one species, A. ornatipes, that occurs only on the New Hebrides.
Chilelopsis serena is a species of mygalomorph spiders of Chile, named after its type locality: La Serena, Elqui, Region IV.
It is the largest and most widely distributed Missulena species, because the spiderlings are wind-dispersed.
These spiders are small; the females range from 5.3 mm to 7.5 mm, and the males range from 3.6 mm to 4 mm.
When a spider enters the home of another spider, rather than defend itself, the resident leaves to find another one.
It is a highly venomous species, and is therefore of medical importance.
The upper surface of the abdomen is brown and hairy.
Both species are only found in Venezuela: F.meridionalis occurs in the northern center, while F. carinata is found slightly more west and south.
Agalenatea redii is a species of 'orbweavers' belonging to the family Araneidae subfamily Araneinae.
Cantuaria is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in New Zealand.
Interrhodeus is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
This animal is known from 168 karst caves on the Edwards Plateau of Texas.
Leptobunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
Pardosa baehrorum is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Germany, Switzerland, and Austria.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Parafluda banksi.
The migid spider Poecilomigas abrahami from South Africa builds very similar nests.
Between March and August they are rarely found.
A. feredayi is commonly called Tailed forest spider.
Females of S. gracilis are 3.7mm long, males 2.3mm.
Their body size ranges from 3 to 11 mm, with males smaller than females.
It is found in Madagascar and Central, East and Southern Africa.
As most jumping spiders, they hunt prey by jumping, secured to a location by a thread of silk.
Dictyna szaboi is spider species found in Hungary, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Russia.
However, on some specimens these markings fuse to form a solid band.
The spider reaches a length of 17 mm, and occurs only on sandy beaches of rivers, lakes and oceans.
The carapace and abdomen are plain and unmarked but the legs have distinctive pale rings.
Y. arenarius is peculiar in building silken nests under the sand surface of sandy dunes it inhabits.
Typhlochactas reddelli is a species of scorpion in the family Typhlochactidae.
Orchestina rabagensis is an extinct arachnid which existed in what is now Spain during the late Albian age.
No bigger than a dime, only two specimens of this species were ever collected, including at least one female, but that specimen is now lost.
It is commonly known as the blackcurrant gall mite or big bud mite.
The smallest species reaches 3.5 mm in female length, a biggest species can be as long as one centimetre.
Centruroides ornatus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Opopaea is a genus of goblin spiders of the family Oonopidae.
Tengilaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Ebo is a genus of philodromid crab spiders.
This proliferation of new growth often results in leaves that appear stunted, puckered and twisted.
The genus Nephilingis has been split off from this genus.
SFTS has also been shown to be transmitted via Haemaphysalis longicornis.
The tiny nymph is small enough to disperse on the wind during its first stage.
Phiale is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Being arboreal species, they require a relatively tall habitat with plenty of climbing space in captivity.
Pardosa occidentalis is a wolf spider species found in Portugal, France and Sardinia.
The mite has a wide range of host plants.
When prey approaches or falls in, the spider pounces on it.
Adoxotoma is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
It is a member of the "eusthenura" group of Vaejovis.
Ryuthela tanikawai is a species of Ryuthela in the family Liphistiidae.
Ticks are small arachnids, part of the order Parasitiformes.
Ummidia algarve is a ummidiine ctenizid spider species found in Portugal.
Members of the genus formerly called Eresus cinnaberinus or Eresus niger are now placed in one of three species: Eresus kollari, Eresus sandaliatus and Eresus moravicus.
Proctophyllodidae females are extremely similar among species and sometimes even hard to assign to a genus, while males vary much more.
Melloleitaoina uru is a species of tarantula in the theraphosinae subfamily.
Acantholycosa nowegica is a wolf spider species in the genus Acantholycosa with a Palearctic distribution.
The Sclerosomatidae are a family of harvestmen with about 1,300 known species.
In 2015, female Hypsosinga heri spiders were identified at the RSPB Radipole Lake nature reserve in Dorset, England.
It is recognised by the long, narrow sternum.
Copa is a genus of spiders in the family Corinnidae.
Syringophilidae is a family of mites, containing the following genera:
Whether or not it belongs in this genus is impossible to say without a described male, and some claim that it would fit better in Cangoderces.
He placed it under the existing myrmecophilous genus Sphaeroseius.
Hoplopholcus labyrinthi is a cellar spider species found in Crete.
Acantholycosa baltoroi is a species of wolf spider found in Kashmir, Nepal and China.
Aceria is a genus of mites belonging to the family Eriophyidae, the gall mites.
Hysterocrates is a genus of spiders in the family Theraphosidae, native to west and central Africa.
It is similar to the related genus Wanlessia.
Females tend to get paler towards the end of summer.
It is common in Germany and Poland.
Sibirocosa sibirica is a species of wolf spider.
The Emperor Scorpion, Pandinus imperator, is a species of scorpion native to rainforests and savannas in West Africa.
The scientific discipline devoted to the study of ticks and mites is called acarology.
The region is flooded for almost half a year.
Oxyopes lepidus is a species of lynx spider found in India.
About 3,600 species have been described, but this is probably less than 10% of the actual number existing in this poorly researched family.
This is a diverse and widespread group of mites.
Ornithodoros spp are found worldwide in semi-arid regions, living in burrows, caves, dens, cliffsides, and bird colonies.
The genus Menneus is also known as "humped-back spider".
Attercopus fimbriunguis is not a spider, but it is probably close to the type of animals which did give rise to modern spiders today.
A bite by one of them is sometimes described as about as painful as the sting of a bee or wasp.
Zodarion costapratae is a spider species found in Portugal.
Individuals reach roughly 19 mm in size, with males typically appearing smaller than females.
Stigmatolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Phidippus whitmani is a species of jumping spider.
It differs from its cogenerate species by various length measurements.
Malloneta is a genus of jumping spiders endemic to West Africa.
The Mecicobothrioidea are a superfamily of mygalomorph spiders.
Araegeus is a genus of jumping spiders.
At night, the female rests in the center of the orb with the tip of her abdomen pushed through the open space.
Zabius fuscus is a scorpion of the family Buthidae, and the only species in the genus Zabius.
Scalidognathus is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae.
Tetranychus is one of the most economically important genera of mites, due to its high potential to destroy agriculture.
Galeodes blanchardi is a species of solifuges or sun spiders.
The only species, Erica eugenia, is found from Panama to Brazil.
M. archeri lives on webs of a species in the family Pholcidae, M. capae and M. cienga have been observed living in Cyrtophora webs.
Hubbardiidae is a family of arachnids, superficially resembling spiders.
Aysha is a genus of spiders that are often called "sac spiders" because of the dwellings that they create for themselves to take shelter in.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1846 by C.L.
Histiostomatidae is a family of astigmatid mites and branches basically in a phylogenetic tree of the Astigmata.
Phidippus richmani is a species of jumping spider native to the United States.
One species, M. tussulena, is found in Chile.
Sauron fissocornis Eskov, 1995 was described from individuals collected in the Saur Mountains of Kazakhstan.
It is distributed across northern and western Africa, Israel, Palestine, Jordan, Syria, the Arabian Peninsula, Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, and Pakistan.
The Feaellidae are a family of pseudoscorpions with the single genus Feaella.
Horstia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
The pugnacious burrowing scorpion is a species of South African scorpion.
In the males the carapace is elongated, dark brown or dark grey, with two white and wide longitudinal stripes, running from eyes to posterior edge.
Opilio canestrinii is a species of harvestman.
The Sydney brown trapdoor spider is a spider in the family Idiopidae, found primarily around Sydney, Australia.
The dorsal wall of the camerostome extends over the capitulum and is called the hood.
A. studiosus exhibit social Polymorphism with two behavioral phenotypes; social spiders that live communally, and asocial solitary spiders.
As of 2017, it contains 2 species.
It is very similar to the genus Nothoaspis, which contains the species Nothoaspis reddelli
Parabisternalis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Melloleitaoina yupanqui is a species of spider in the Theraphosidae family, and the Theraphosinae subfamily.
Katipo are only found living in sand dunes close to the seashore.
Carabidobius is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
It has achieved fame by being the only natural predator of the extremely common and dangerous Chilean recluse spider.
The mite is 0.5 mm long and light-brown in color.
and Inclusion Body Disease can be transmitted.
The etymology of the word Dermanyssus is from the Greek: derma, meaining skin, and nyssein, meaning bite.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Similaria enigmatica.
An adult male specimen was identified by Thorell as the same species.
Females reach up to 4 mm, males grow up to 3 mm.
Pilia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
No male specimens have been identified, and the social structure of the species is not known.
This is a very small spider with a total length of just over 3 mm.
The Barack Obama trapdoor spider is a species of spider in the family Euctenizidae named after the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama.
Orepukia is a genus of spider in the family Agelenidae.
The largest species grow to a length of 12–15 cm, including legs.
This species is found on various trees, especially apple, throughout Japan.
Aceoseius is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
Completely adapted to cave living, it is blind and totally lacks pigmentation, giving it a creamy white appearance.
The single described species, M. australis, is found in Paraguay.
Dopamine was also identified in the venom of A. gemma in a concentration of 4.3 nM.
Ticks are ectoparasites, living by feeding on the blood of mammals, birds, and sometimes reptiles and amphibians.
Hoplopholcus minous is a cellar spider species found in Crete.
Berlesia is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Galianora sacha is a species of jumping spider from Ecuador.
It is typically around 25–40 mm long.
Amblyseius is a large genus of predatory mites belonging to the family Phytoseiidae.
Rabidosa punctulata, the dotted wolf spider, is a species of spider in the family Lycosidae.
At day, they hide in silk retreats they build under rocks or bark.
Zodarion ruffoi is a spider species found in France and Italy.
Oligonychus sacchari, on sugarcane and other grasses
The female is slightly smaller with a bodylength of 3.6 mm.
Females try to kill and eat their mates during or after copulation, while males use tactics to survive copulation, but sometimes females outwit them.
Anelosimus pratchetti is a species of tangle-web spider found in New South Wales, Australia.
These two genera are closely related to Ischyropsalis.
Myrmosleichus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Holmbergiana is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Ologamasiphis is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Apneumonella is a genus of araneomorph spiders of the family of Telemidae.
Lindquistia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Heteropoda venatoria is a species of spider in the family Sparassidae, the huntsman spiders.
Ozyptila salustri is a crab spider species found in Italy.
Amaurobius geminus is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Crete.
Around Los Baños the web-building Scytodes pallida, which preys on jumping spiders, is very abundant, and spits a sticky gum on prey and potential threats.
S. astoriensis is very similar to S. dentipalpe and S. makinoi; it was collected from dried seaweed and debris in beach dunes.
They can dive underwater, and will consume anything from insects to small lizards and fish.
Populations displaying the social phenotype, generally are not found below 30˚ latitude, and the social phenotype becomes increasingly common moving north.
Dinogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
The adult mite is nearly microscopic and looks like a minute yellow maggot with two pairs of legs.
Episinus is a spider genus of the family Theridiidae.
There are six described species in this genus.
Stings from Androctonus species are known to cause several human deaths each year.
It was formerly placed in the genus Listrophorus.
Different species of animals host different species of Demodex.
Another male specimen was found in Johor by Frances and John Murphy.
Ewingia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
The king baboon spider, scientific name Pelinobius muticus, is a tarantula species native to East Africa.
This moderately hairy orange mite is around 1 mm in length with one pair of eyes set well back on the body.
Typically they create a tangle of silken fibers among several branches or stems of one plant.
In the field, it can be distinguished from similar looking species by the thin yellow stripe on its back.
Macrochelidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata, containing the following genera and species:
Segestria cruzana is a spider in the Segestriidae.
It is among the most common species on the house sparrow.
Grammostola porteri is a species of tarantula described in 1936.
Carabodes femoralis is a species of mite in the family Carabodoidae.
Euhaemogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Haemogamasidae.
The Argasidae are the family of soft ticks, one of the two big families of ticks.
Dysdera aurgitana is a spider species found in Spain.
Trite is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Its specific name bresnieri honors the 19th-century French Arabist Louis-Jacques Bresnier.
Troxocoptes is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Filistata insidiatrix is a species of spiders that occurs in the Mediterranean through to Turkmenistan and on the Cape Verde Islands.
It is the only genus of the tribus Silerini.
It is recorded in the fauna list of Parley Common, a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Dorset, England.
It occurs in Africa, Madagascar and Sri Lanka, hinting to a Gondwanan origin.
Edilemma is a spider genus of the Salticidae family with one described species, Edilemma foraminifera.
Amblypygids possess no silk glands or venomous fangs.
Like Holcolaetis and Thiania bhamoensis, these spiders build a flat, densely woven egg sac that is not contiguous with the silk of the nest.
In Czechoslovakia, spiders at low altitude are only found in small caves.
It camouflages itself by mimicking fallen flowers, dead leaves and twigs.
Dictynidae is a family of cribellate spiders.
Males reach a body size of up to 18 mm.
They are agile, nocturnal hunters, that hide by day in a variety of silk-lined retreats.
Many species are known from only one or two localities, or from only male specimens.
This species can be found in Somalia and Kenya.
Wirada is a small dark brown spider genus from South America, with short legs and no colulus.
The area between the eyes is notably light in colour.
The color change takes a few days.
Palniella virididorsata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Chalaza is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
It is now no longer valid, as following revision by Paula et al.
These spiders have eight eyes with very large anterior median eyes and smaller on each side.
After they arrive in a bumblebee nest, they will moult into adults.
Zelotes is a genus of gnaphosid spiders with nearly 400 described species.
Tetrapulmonata is a non-ranked supra-ordinal clade of arachnids.
Paraphrynus is a genus of spiders in the order Amblypygi, the whip spiders, and the family Phrynidae.
Pachygnatha sundevalli is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
Gnaphosa dolosa is a ground spider species found in France.
Texella cokendolpheri is a rare species of arachnid known by the common name Cokendolpher Cave harvestman.
Wabasso is spider genus in the sub family Erigoninae.
The web only consists of a few threads that reach from the lower branches of a bush down to the ground.
It is named after Porto Pozzo, near Santa Teresa Gallura, the place where the species was first collected.
Species of Hispo range in body length from 5 to 7 mm in females, and 3 to 4 in males.
The abdomen often has a distinctive pattern, usually with clear black spots, and T. tenuis is more slender than other species in the family.
It is native to Australia, China and New Caledonia.
Chapoda is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
Armacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
It includes a single species, Hakka himeshimensis.
It usually lives in birds' feathers, but for laying its eggs, it more often uses their nests rather than their feathers.
Colonial C. citricola were found to catch the same amount of prey with smaller webs, compared to solitary specimens.
It was described by Willis J. Gertsch and Norman I. Platnick in 1980 and is endemic to Webster, North Carolina.
The female is 8 to 10 mm long, with a large, glossy and brightly coloured abdomen, like others of their genus.
There are two known species: Bannana crassispina and B. parvula, both described in 2015.
The genus differs from the otherwise similar genus Archerius, which also has six eyes, by lacking the large colulus and by being less sclerotized.
They can stay underwater for over an hour, using air trapped in hairs surrounding their book lungs as a physical gill.
They are also carriers of the spirochete bacteria Borrelia anserina which causes avian spirochetosis, one of the most sever diseases affecting the poultry industry.
Hypoaspis miles and the similar species, H. aculiefer are soil-dwelling, predatory mites.
Because of its extremely rigid lattice, it can be contaminated by very few types of impurities, such as boron and nitrogen.
Pyemotes tritici is a species of mite known as the grain itch mite or straw itch mite.
Cymiphis is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Protogamasellopsis is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
Several species can cause blistering and galls, including erineum galls.
The name is a contraction of "North American Euophrys".
Cereatta is a harvestman genus in the family Assamiidae.
It is found in woodland habitats, where it spins orb webs or is a kleptoparasite of the red-legged golden orb-web spider.
Lophostica is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
This spider, up to 9 mm in length, is dark brown and densely covered with long hairs.
Ctenolophus is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in South Africa.
The Bexar County karst cave invertebrates are troglobites, species that spend their entire lives in subterranean environments.
The body and leg shapes and the silver, black and yellow markings of Leucauge females make identification of the genus relatively easy.
Spiders in Neon are tiny to small, usually less than 5mm in body length.
Typical of this genus, the male of this species is small and rather nondescript but the female is rather larger and very colourful.
It was described in chapter 5 of the book Svenska Spindlar of the Swedish arachnologist and entomologist Carl Alexander Clerck.
It is endemic to caves along the Stanislaus River of California, United States.
This genus resembles Epeus in body shape and eye pattern, but has a different genital structure.
Athiasella is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
The species' unofficial common name is white banded crab spider, which refers to a white line that runs through the plane of their eyes.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Udvardya elegans.
Common symptoms of Eastern Mouse Spiders bites are numbness and tingling at the bite site, as well as sweating, headache and nausea generally.
Pacal is a genus of arachnid, belonging to the family Hubbardiidae in the order Schizomida.
They are the only family in the superfamily Parasitoidea.
The family has representatives in temperate and subtropical habitats from four continents: South America, Africa, Asia and Australia.
Its bite is mildly venomous, but the spider is not known to be harmful to humans.
It can only be distinguished with certainty from related species by details of the genitalia.
The genera Agorius and Synagelides are sometimes separated as a genus group, called subfamily Agoriinae Simon, 1901.
The number of species in the genera was greatly expanded by Robert Raven in 1994.
Herpyllus is a genus of spiders in the family Gnaphosidae.
It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
Rhodacaridae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
In black katipo females, found in the upper half of the North Island, this stripe is absent, pale, yellow, or replaced with cream-coloured blotches.
There are differences in the hunting tactics of the regional populations of P. fimbriata.
Holconia insignis is a species of huntsman spider found in Queensland and New South Wales, Australia.
They were formerly considered part of the Dipluridae family.
Orsonwelles malus is a species of spider endemic to Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.
Charontidae is a family of whip spiders.
Aceria pseudoplatani causes the Sycamore Felt Gall that is found on the leaves of Sycamores or Norway Maple, and is caused by an acarine gall-mite.
Their phylogenetic position within the Arachnida is disputed: their closest relatives may be the mites or the Novogenuata.
Melanopella is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Blattisocius aegypticus is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae.
Spider mites are members of the Acari family Tetranychidae, which includes about 1,200 species.
This harvestman was described as a new species in 1992.
The adult mites live three to four weeks in the host's skin.
At copulation, the male dies during insertion and remains attached to the female for more than two hours.
Tibellus oblongus is a spider with Holarctic distribution.
This tarantula is covered in long hairs that have a characteristic curl to them giving them a unique look.
Found near creeks and ponds, it is capable of running on water.
The cork-like lid can have a diameter of up to one cm.
In the postlarval stage, they are not parasitic and feed on plant material.
Both specimens are female; this species currently lack information on males.
Synothele koonalda Raven, 1994 — South Australia
The eye region is black, the rear part dark red, with white bands around the sides.
Reversopelma is a monotypic genus of spider in the Theraphosidae family.
The reason for this apparent reversal in decorating behaviour remains unknown.
It only rarely preys on adult birds.
These scorpions enjoy making scrapes with wood and rocks, and are nocturnal, thus they hide in crevices or certain objects during the day.
Ebo contrastus Sauer & Platnick, 1972 — USA
Metaphalangium is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
Ephebopus cyanognathus, known as the blue fang tarantula, is a species of tarantula.
Dongmolla is a harvestman genus in the family Assamiidae, with only 1 described species - Dongmolla silvestrii.
The spider belongs to the genus Phidippus, a group of jumping spiders easily identified both by their relatively large size and their iridescent chelicerae.
Female Pisaurids create their egg case in one piece and carry it under their body with their chelicerae.
As of May 2016, the World Spider Catalog treats it as a synonym of Dolichognatha, a genus in the family Tetragnathidae.
They have clear muscular corrugation on their sides, and, on small raised bumps on their heads, eight small eyes.
Mysolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
This species is also part of the genus Admestina and Order Araneae.
Spiders of this genus lack venom glands.
Pneumolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
It is rare in Britain, usually found only in the south.
As of 2013 there are 223 described species in this genus.
Tamboicus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Parasitus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae, including the following species:
by the number of setae on this lyra.
Fossils placed in the family were found in the Carboniferous to Permian, 359 to 252 million years ago.
It ranges from India to Japan to Sulawesi.
Polydiscia deuterosminthurus is a species of mite recently discovered in the autonomous community of Navarre in Spain.
Crustulina guttata is a spider species with Palearctic distribution.
Evarcha bicuspidata is a jumping spider found only in Vietnam.
However, these were transferred to the genus Brettus in 1980.
In humans the bite is no more dangerous than a bee sting.
Alopecosa beckeri is a species of wolf spider found in Ukraine.
Gramostola porteri are mostly docile, low maintenance, and inexpensive, so they are popular as pets.
These are usually raspy or hiss-like and may be imitations of the sounds of vipers, to serve a defensive function.
Selenocosmia huwena, a synonym of Haplopelma schmidti
Most species are distributed in Eastern to Northern Africa and Australia, with one species found in Europe.
It can be distinguished from its congeners by the presence of long setae on the tarsi and around the anus.
Messoracaridae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Paroligolophus meadii is a species of harvestman.
It was discovered in 2012 in a Laotian cave.
Apozomus gerlachi is a species of hubbardiid short-tailed whipscorpion that is endemic to Silhouette and North Islands in the Seychelles.
It occurs in southern North American states of USA, throughout Central America and some Caribbean to southern Brazil and Uruguay.
Holocnemus hispanicus is a cellar spider species found in Spain.
However, at least seven species of Huitaca, 17 species of Metagovea and twelve species of Neogovea are currently awaiting description.
Three species are widely distributed, whereas the majority of species are recorded a single localities.
When large numbers of D. folliculorum are found on humans, the infestation is known as demodicosis.
A common name for the family is "termite hunters."
In England, it is mostly found on heather and sometimes on coastal grassland.
Their venom is considered mild, even compared to other new-world tarantulas.
Its only species occurs only in Borneo.
They are sit-and-wait predators, with limited activity.
Naiacus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
They leave a hole in the center of their web to assist in motion.
Stenaelurillus darwini is a jumping spider species found in Tanzania.
Thammaca is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Archaeodictyna minutissima is a spider species found in Europe.
A number of Australian and New Guinean species were formerly included in the genus, but are now placed in a separate genus Juxtalaelaps.
A. jacobsoni is only known from a single female specimen.
Females are often found living in a silken brooding chamber, under bark of eucalyptus trees.
Nigma is a genus of araneomorph spiders that occurs with a wide distribution including Eurasia, North America and Northern Africa.
Zeria loveridgei is a species of solifuges or sun spiders.
It is known as the Brazilian Blue or Sazima's Tarantula.
Zerconidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Phidippus workmani is a species of jumping spider found in the United States.
Plesiosiro is an extinct arachnid genus known exclusively from only nine specimens from the Upper Carboniferous of Coseley, Staffordshire, United Kingdom.
It used to be known as Allodermanyssus sanguineus.
The web is not sticky, and spiral and radials are constructed from the same silk.
Chaerilus celebensis also known as the Asian bush scorpion or speckled bush scorpion is a species of scorpion from the family Chaerilidae.
It is the only member of the subfamily Spartaeinae with a well-developed palpal conductor.
Porrhostaspis is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Trachyuropodidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Melichares is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
Caribattus is a monotypic genus of spiders in the Salticidae family with the single described species C. inutilis.
Oryzomysia oryzomys is a parasitic mite in the genus Oryzomysia of the family Atopomelidae.
Phlegra bresnieri is a species of jumping spiders.
Several fossil species are known, including two extinct families.
Infested plants are easily identifiable by these cobweb-like sheets of silk, which can grow quite large.
After mating in August or September, the female katipo produces five or six egg sacs in November or December.
This species is found in damp habitats such as moss and leaf litter in Jamaica.
Argiope savignyi is a species of orb-weaving spider that occurs from Mexico to Bolivia.
Euscorpius flavicaudis, or the European yellow-tailed scorpion, is a small black scorpion with yellow-brown legs and tail.
Its carnivorous diet may have consisted of worms or other arthropods.
It occurs in Britain, Ireland, France, Germany, and Spain.
Females grow 40–45 millimetres, but rarely as large as 55 millimetres.
Xysticus robustus is a ground crab spider species found from Europe to Central Asia.
Pyrosejidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Yllenus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family, found from central Europe to China.
They are typically black with a pattern of spots and stripes on their abdomen and legs.
Urodinychus is a genus of mites in the family Urodinychidae.
They are found predominantly in southern Africa.
The superfamilies Ischyropsalidoidea and Troguloidea are monophyletic.
It is normally a parasite of carnivorans, such as raccoons, foxes, and weasels, but has also been recorded on the groundhog and the marsh rice rat.
It is native to Brazil and its venom is extremely toxic.
It is unable to keep up these high speeds for long.
Mycolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
Acantholycosa sterneri is a species of wolf spider found in Mongolia and southern Siberia.
In late 1950s the last foci of infection were reported in semi-domesticated reindeers after which no greater incidences were observed.
R. aurantius and R. sexpunctatus are sister species.
Instead, it takes part in its host's meal.
The five described species occur in Asia from China to Java.
Heliophanus hastatus is a spider species in the genus Heliophanus found in South Africa and Lesotho.
If a person is bitten from a flour mite they might suffer a reaction called Baker's itch.
Neon reticulatus and its relatives were assigned by Gertsch & Ivie to another subgenus, Neon.
Capidava is a genus of South American spiders in the Salticidae family.
Lakarobius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Hyalomma dromedarii is a species of hard-bodied ticks belonging to the family Ixodidae.
Hexurella encina is a species of spider.
Its most familiar member is the Walnut Orb-Weaver Spider, N. umbratica.
This species is usually yellow with a dark top and has lobster-like pincers.
C. austisensis belongs to the species group with two setae between coxae II and III.
Anelosimus biglebowski is a species of spider in the family Theridiidae.
It is invisible to the naked eye, measuring only 0.01 inch at maturity.
Ascidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
The body length excluding legs is about 2 to 3.5 mm, the females being slightly larger than the males.
It is a member of the cosmopolitan genus Latrodectus, the widow spiders.
Eresus lavrosiae is a spider species found in Georgia.
Sitticus saltator is a species of jumping spider from Sitticinae subfamily.
After a study dating back to 2007, the Nuragic spider finally classified as a distinct species from others belonging to the family Cyrtauchenius only in 2014.
Omentopus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Its only species is M. benigna .
Eresus sandaliatus is a species of spider found primarily in northern and central Europe.
Azucarella weyrauchi is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Opilioacarus is a genus of mites, containing the following species:
It is the only genus in the Acanthopelminae subfamily.
The absence of dense, ventral femoral fringes on the palpi and legs I and II distinguish Ceratogyrus spp.
Nephilingis cruentata is a araneid spider with a strikingly red sternum.
Angosomaspis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Paroligolophus agrestis is a species of harvestman.
The genus has a cosmopolitan distribution, with native species on all continents except Australia.
There are two species in the genus, Boolathana mainae and Boolathana spiralis.
It is very hard to determine species without high quality images of the genitalia.
They are characterized by the complex male genitalia, with eversible complementary sclerites.
Lasioseius is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
The best known species is Phalangium opilio, which is so common in many temperate regions that it is simply called "harvestman".
Black fat–tailed scorpions can live for up to 5 years.
Philodromus medius is a spider species found in Europe and Asia.
Argiope argentata is a species of spiders in the family Araneidae, found from the United States south to Chile and Argentina.
Antennoseius is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
Cethegus elegans is a species of spider in the genus Cethegus found in Queensland.
Almost all jumping spiders are predators, mostly preying on insects, on other spiders, and on other arthropods.
This species is from the genus Dolomedes, the fishing spiders.
Zygopachylus albomarginis is a species of Neotropical harvestman in the order Opiliones.
Females reach up to 6 mm, males grow up to 4 mm, making it the biggest Ozyptila species.
These spiders have very large chelicerae, which they use to pierce the armored bodies of woodlice and beetles.
At least three species are social spiders.
Larger specimens are much darker, almost black, with no visible pattern.
It is common from Cape Town to Heidelberg, Western Cape, especially in forested areas.
Its colulus is similar to that of two genera of intertidal zone spiders of the family Desidae, Paratheuma and Desis.
The genus name is probably an alteration of the salticid genus Breda.
As of October 2016, the World Spider Catalog recognizes only one species in the genus, Albionella propria.
These scorpions typically possess black and brown coloration.
The species poses no threat to humans or pets, though like other Callobius species, the bite is painful.
The female has a wide reddish-brown longitudinal band on the back of the carapace with a yellowish band along the back of the abdomen.
It resembles Parabuthus transvaalicus, which is more strictly nocturnal, less hairy and with a more easterly distribution.
Carmenia bunifrons is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
As with many of these often confusingly similar mites, the shape of the sclerotized body shields is important in identification.
At nightfall, it constructs a simple web, consisting of an inverted 'Y' frame with sticky globules.
Metaseiulus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Rhondes is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The male of this spider is easily distinguished from congeners by its densely hairy first and second pair of legs.
Some species, however, are used as biological agents to control weeds and invasive plant species.
They are usually nocturnal feeders, resting head down in their webs waiting to catch flying insects.
The species was named in honour of Esther Sciberras for her continuous assistance to the finder in the study of the natural history.
Rhysotritia is a genus of mites in the family Euphthiracaridae.
Schizocosa is a genus wolf spider containing around 60 species, distributed in North and South America, Africa, and East and Southeast Asia.
The male is dark brown and covered with whitish hairs.
Like all funnel-web spiders, this spider's web is funnel-shaped with trip-threads around the entrance, built among stones and roots.
Notably, they lack setae on the back of the last segment of the pedipalp, which is a defining characteristic of Austrammo.
There are about 40 species distributed in the Afrotropic ecozone.
The most commonly seen species in veterinary medicine is Otodectes cynotis.
The sternum and abdomen are both pale, though the upper sides are streaked and spotted with brown markings.
A variety of organic remains are found in this setting, including algae, terrestrial plants and fish.
Gustavo Ruiz has suggested that Donaldius may be closely related to Metaphidippus based on molecular analysis of a specimen collected in Costa Rica.
Neoscona species are among the most common and abundant orb weavers and are found on all continents.
Together with the Argentine P. hirstianus, it forms the subgenus Beprolistrophorus.
Dwarf tarantulas are one of several families of the sub-order Mygalomorphae; this larger group also includes the true tarantulas.
Schwiebea is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Specimens have been collected on or under Eucalyptus bark, or on vegetation.
The bitten ant will continue its walk for about a minute before the poison immobilizes it.
Lardoglyphus is a genus of mites in the monotypic family Lardoglyphidae, containing the following species:
In this process, RNA viruses such as the deformed wing virus spread to bees.
Nagaina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It is a burrowing scorpion which spends a lot of time digging in the sand and enlarging its burrow.
This lives as a parasite on the springtail Deuterosminthurus bisetosus, which was discovered at the same time as the parasite.
Most species are coloured in shades of browns to black.
Zodarion musarum is a spider species found in Greece.
It can be distinguished from similar species by the crista projecting forward beyond the margin of the body and the clear suture dividing the upper abdomen.
Gamasellopsis is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Blattisocius is a genus of mites in the family Blattisociidae.
While there are specimens held in captivity, it is not a very popular species in this regard.
It is primarily found in Central Africa.
The word is from the ancient Greek ἀδάμας – adámas "unbreakable".
Clubiona marmorata is a sac spider species found Europe.
There are 100 species of Amblyomma worldwide, 33 of which are from Brazil.
Eriophora pustulosa, commonly called the garden orbweb spider is a common small species of spider found in Australia and New Zealand.
It was originally described as Haplopelma lividum.
Zodarion fuscum is a spider species found in Britain, France, Spain and Portugal.
Hoffmannius is a genus of scorpions in the family Vaejovidae.
An experiment was done in 1959 where a Palystes superciliosus was allowed to bite an adult guinea pig on the nose.
Platnickina is a tangle web spider genus in the family Theridiidae.
Most of the characters used to identify species pertain to male and immature specimens, and "females are sometimes simply impossible to identify".
Psyllopus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Anaurus is a genus of the jumping spiders, with one single described species from Brazil.
The larval mites feed on the skin cells of animals.
The holotype and paratype specimens were collected in Cameron Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia.
Individuals are pale yellow and unpatterned, and range from around 1.0 to 1.8 mm in body length, with females being slightly larger than males.
Both sexes are similar, generally yellowish brown, with two black lines running along the sides of the cephalothorax.
Platythomisus is a genus of flattened crab spiders from Africa and Southern Asia.
Stylochyrus is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Zodarion merlijni is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
The family Calcitronidae is an extinct group of arachnids.
The separated palp remains attached to the female's epigynum for about four hours and apparently continues to function independently.
Cybaeus raymondi is a spider species found in France.
Arctopsis is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
Isometrus krasenskyi is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
The eyes are reduced or entirely absent.
Anelosimus eximius is a species of social spider in the genus Anelosimus, native to the Lesser Antilles and the area from Panama to Argentina.
Acanthogonatus hualpen is a mygalomorph spider of Chile, named after its type locality: Hualpén, Concepción, Bío Bío Region.
It can be distinguished from its closest congener, Aberoptus platessoides, by the lack of setae on the tibiae of the first pair of legs.
Euryattus posits the egg sac in rolled up leaves, similar to T. bhamoensis, which is in the same subfamily and stitches two leaves together.
Its venom is the source of psalmotoxin and vanillotoxin which are classified as inhibitor cystine knot proteins.
Males reach a body length of about 3.4 mm.
Zygoballus rufipes, commonly called the hammerjawed jumper, is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States, Canada, and Central America.
However, there are other species of spider that resemble bird droppings, for example species of Mastophora.
Phidippus clarus is a species of jumping spider found in old fields throughout eastern North America.
Heliophanoides is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Adult females are 4.3 to 6 mm in body length, while males are 3 to 4 mm.
Like other gradungulids, their legs are tipped with three claws.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Parasaitis femoralis.
Though the genus lacks distinct femoral nodules on all legs and technically belongs in the subfamily Leiobuninae.
Rilaena triangularis is a species of the harvestman family Phalangiidae.
Initial field observations indicate it is a subsocial spider.
They are one of the many species preserved at the Mountain Zebra National Park, in South Africa.
Plesiolena is a small genus of spiders in the family Actinopodidae, found in Chile.
Plexippus paykulli is a jumping spider in the family Salticidae.
Brachistosternus is a scorpion genus in the Bothriuridae family.
Bunochelis is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
The species is named after French zoologist Marie Jules César Savigny, in whose volumes the name Argiope was first published in 1825.
Megaloastia is a genus of spiders from Western Australia, which is placed in the Salticidae family.
It is suspected to be widespread along the east African coast.
A Phytoseiulus mite can consume up to seven adult spider mites or several dozen of their eggs in a day.
Scorpions number about 1750 described species, with 13 extant families recognised to date.
Some smaller specimens may not even be able to puncture the human skin with their stings.
Grayenulla is a genus of the spider family Salticidae containing seven species.
The spider species Araneus diadematus is commonly called the European garden spider, diadem spider, cross spider, or crowned orb weaver.
Prolochus is a possible genus of tropical spiders.
L. klugi is more on the defensive and aggressive side whereas L. parahybana is a bit more skittish and tolerant.
Those of females are pale yellow and have black markings with scattered white and orange-brown hairs on the upper side.
Amauropilio is an extinct genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Ebo punctatus Sauer & Platnick, 1972 — USA
These spiders are black or brownish and not particularly large; the males are about 7-9mm while the females are larger at 10-15mm.
Icius subinermis is a species of jumping spider from the Mediterranean region.
Mashonarus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Because of its habit of feeding and dropping from its host, adult dispersal is limited, whereas larvae may remain attached to their hosts for several days.
One of the synonyms of the species is Gasteracantha vittata, a name given to it by Ludwig Carl Christian Koch in 1871.
Like other orbweavers, the marbled orbweaver is not considered a medically important species.
Asianellus festivus is a species of jumping spiders with a palearctic distribution.
A common name in English is the white widow spider, and it is known in Russian as белый каракурт, or white steppe spider.
Metellina is a genus of tetragnathid spiders that occurs mostly in Eurasia, with two species found in North America.
Cavillator is a monotypic spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It is not to be confused with the unrelated and highly venomous redback spider.
Taracus is a genus of harvestman, or Opiliones, typically found living in caves in the United States.
Parabuthus mossambicensis is a species of highly venomous scorpion found in southern Africa.
All occur in Europe, mostly in the vicinity of the Alps.
Lystrocteisa is a genus of jumping spiders endemic to New Caledonia.
Froriepia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
It was first described by Octavius Pickard-Cambridge in 1898.
About 2 inches long, this fast-moving arachnid has the largest jaw size to body ratio of any animal.
Babycurus buettneri is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Buthidae.
It is 1.4 to 2.7 millimeters long and has long legs.
Unlike Argyrodes, they have two setae in place of a colulus.
This species is found in Singapore, and on Java and Krakatoa.
Trachyte is an igneous volcanic rock with an aphanitic to porphyritic texture.
It was first described in 1950 by Archer.
Females are 3–4 mm long, males 4–9 mm.
Knopkirie is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
All seven described species occur only in the United States.
These eyes are so large in comparison to the other six eyes that the spider seems to have only two eyes.
Copa flavoplumosa is a species of spider in the family Corinnidae, found in Africa.
So, its only defenses are biting and fleeing.
Thaumastochilus termitomimus is a spider species of the Zodariidae family.
Osericta is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Platyseiella is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
The long-jawed orb weavers were formerly included in the Araneidae; they are closely related, being part of the superfamily Araneoidea.
Hexurella rupicola is a species of spider.
A. juncal is the smallest two-clawed Acanthogonatus, compared to less than 4 millimetres in A. juncal.
Lygromma is a spider genus of Central and South America.
This is a very large wasp, with an iridescent blue-green body and orange-red wings that grows to about 2 inches or more in length.
Species with extremely long spines evolved at least eight times in the Micrathena genus and likely function as anti-predator defenses.
As with other spiders in this genus, the large web is usually decorated with prominent zig-zag stabilimenta.
The spider was discovered on the California coastline in 2007.
Litoporus aerius is a cellar spider species found in Venezuela.
Other recorded hosts include the sigmodontine rodents Scapteromys aquaticus, Akodon azarae, Oligoryzomys flavescens, and Holochilus brasiliensis in Argentina and Oryzomys couesi and Handleyomys melanotis in Mexico.
This species has a palearctic distribution and is present in most of Europe.
Experiments showed inland robust scorpions could build burrows in 8–10 hours.
The undersurface of the abdomen is black, with two white spots.
The diversity of the Acari is extraordinary and its fossil history goes back to at least the early Devonian period.
The female has a body length of 1.5mm, while males are even 1.7mm; normally spider males are at least slightly smaller than females.
Hunteracarus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Two of these occur in Central and South America and the third in Pakistan.
Rafalus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Honduriella is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Uroballus peckhami is a spider species of the Salticidae family that is known only from Vietnam.
Two miles underground along a large passage of many rockpiles, sanddunes and lakes, and about 300ft under the surface.
Brevipalpus lewisi, which is known from the Palearctic region, Australia, and the southwestern United States.
Cheiracanthium annulipes is a spider species found in Spain, Egypt and Israel.
Oligonychus thelytokus, some fruits, cassava, cotton, and ornamentals
All four described species are endemic to St. Helena..
Centruroides gracilis is a species of scorpion in the family Buthidae, the bark scorpions.
Australian amaurobiids may be distinguished from the Amphinectidae by the absence of a pretarsal fracture and the presence of a retrocoxal hymen on coxa I.
Eusparassus is a genus of huntsman spiders found in Africa, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and Peru.
Ascyltus rhizophora Berry, Beatty & Prószyński, 1997 – Fiji
It occurs mainly on plants, where it hunts insects.
They have eight eyes with very large anterior median eyes.
Abdomen black, clothed above and on sides with iridescent scales and long hairs; venter black, hairy, and with two indistinct rows of pale spots.
The name is a combination of Ancient Greek pachy "thick" and the related genus Onomastus.
Some species live in caves while some are surface-dwelling.
The classification of the family includes 46 genera.
Synothele moonabie Raven, 1994 — South Australia
Araneus gemma, commonly known as the cat-faced spider, is a common outdoor orb-weaver spider found in the western United States and Canada.
Characterized as the “bite and run” parasite, the first reported case of Cheyletiella Yasguri was in Italy in the year of 1965.
The pilus dentilis, a sensory organ on the chelicera, is serrate, which distinguishes it from A. gymnuromys.
These claws are particularly well-developed on the first and second leg pairs and are used for latching unto prey.
However, there are other spider species of similar size where only the female is known; and male spiders are generally smaller.
Rugathodes is a genus of theridiid spiders.
They thrive on the Japanese islands of Okinawa.
The monophyly of this family is questionable; it is composed of three possibly monophyletic groups:
It is known to act as a disease vector.
Diaea dorsata is one of the smaller crab spiders, with a palearctic distribution.
They are able to run over water.
Harmochirus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Salticus palpalis is a species of spider from a Salticidae family.
Uluella is an ant-mimicking genus of jumping spiders that occurs only in Panama.
Litoporus lopez is a cellar spider species found in Colombia.
Zodarion cesari is a spider species found in Spain.
Cataxia is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Australia.
Of the 41 species, 14 blind troglobite species live in subterranean eceosystems in Western Australia.
The species was first described by Paul Gervais in 1841.
Cicurina baronia is a rare species of spider in the family Dictynidae known by the common name Robber Baron cave meshweaver.
Brancus is a genus of jumping spiders.
It contains over 140 species, the most significant of which are [Tetranychus urticae [cinnabarinus]].
Ctenocolletacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Pseudastrobunus perpusillus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Mesobuthus eupeus is a polymorphic scorpion species belonging to the well-known family Buthidae.
Several fossil species and genera are known.
There are two pairs of eyes, those placed further forward much larger than those behind.
Myobiidae is a family of mites, containing the following genera:
The adults of these spiders reach approximately 5–7 millimetres of length.
Rosamygale is an extinct genus of spiders, with a single described species, Rosamygale grauvogeli.
Troglohyphantes vignai is a species of cave spider belonging to the Linyphiidae family.
Chaco tecka is a species of mygalomorph spiders of Argentina, named after its type locality: Rio Tecka, Chubut, Argentina.
The spider is often rusty brown or orange in colour.
Ptilonyssus echinatus is a nasal mite found in birds including the pale crag martin.
Nemastomoides is an extinct genus of harvestmen known from the Carboniferous fossil record.
The holotype is female and 2.9 millimetres long.
Agorius borneensis is an ant-like jumping spider.
Each follicle may contain hundreds or thousands of mites, which leads to the formation of skin papules and nodules.
Commonly known as the lesser Asian scorpion or the mottled scorpion.
Atricholaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
It builds a web with a zig-zag stabilimentum.
While L. oculina is only known from females, only the male of L. longicymbia has been described.
Mantisatta is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It was first described by Carpenter, 1900.
Females are large and grow to a body size of 30–50 mm, with males growing to 5–6 mm.
The males of this genus amputate one of their palps before maturation and enter their adult life with one palp only.
Kampimodromus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Microhasarius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It is very similar to the closely related O. pulcher, but has five tibial spine pairs instead of four.
Two species are known from Australia, N. australis and N. taylori.
It is similar to O. canestrinii, but has dark spots on its coxae, and is generally more of a grayish green color.
The genus is named in honor of Nathan Banks, who described the type species.
Around the front median eyes it is dark brown, the other eyes are surrounded black.
Erica is a monotypic genus of jumping spiders.
Philates is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Several species in this genus were earlier classified in the genus Saitis, containing the Mediterranean Saitis barbipes, which is superficially similar to Maratus.
It was first described by Strand, in 1913.
Physocyclus globosus, sometimes known as the short-bodied cellar spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Pholcidae.
Trombidium rowmundi is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
While males are yellowish brown to reddish, the color is lighter in females.
It was described 2002, although the first individual of O. malus was collected in the 1890s.
The wheel spider or golden wheel spider, is a huntsman spider native to the Namib Desert of Southern Africa.
Spiders in this family are commonly called "crab" or "flower" spiders.
They are large and darkly colored and have a complex life cycle.
Nungia is a genus of the jumping spiders known from China and Vietnam.
It is generally found in calcareous areas, and is often found in leaf litter.
This European spider is common on heaths and open spaces where there is low vegetation and bushes.
for the village in Guinea see Meata, Guinea
Yunkeracarus faini is a species of mite belonging to the family Gastronyssidae.
Antricola delacruzi Estrada-Pena, Barros-Battesti & Venzal, 2004
Tityus pococki is a species of scorpion belonging to the family Buthidae.
The genus is the only member of the family Nemastomoididae and contains three described species.
They are also called as 'Arudra' in Telugu.
It belongs to the sub-order Mesothelae and can reach up to 3 cm in length.
Some species of Steatoda will actually prey on widows, as well as other spiders which are considered hazardous to humans.
Abacarus is a genus of acari, including the following species:
Gnaphosa muscorum is a ground spider species with Holarctic distribution.
Though they produce and use silk, they do not build webs to capture prey.
Females live up to thirty years, males up to eight years.
The bird dropping spider derives its name from mimicking bird droppings to avoid predators, mainly birds.
The length of the idiosoma, the main body, is 630 to 670 μm in females and 450 to 480 μm in males.
There is a long, curved black horn at each side and two shorter, straight horns at the front and rear.
It is the first species of the Lapsias genus to be discovered in western South America.
Mainly nocturnal, the female redback lives in an untidy web in a warm sheltered location, commonly near or inside human residences.
Gnaphosa corticola is a ground spider species found in France.
Deinopis longipes is a species of net-casting spider.
Over 50,000 species have been described and it is estimated that a million or more species may exist.
The genus name Parasaitis is derived from Greek para "alongside" and the salticid genus Saitis.
It was described by Gertsch & Platnick, 1979 — USA.
It is very similar in appearance to the closely related north Queensland species, Argiope aetherea.
They have strong, curved fangs, a flattened body and two rows of four eyes.
Balaustium cristatum is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae.
This aids them when stalking prey, and allows some visual communication with others of their species, such as courting 'dances'.
Brachypelma baumgarteni is a tarantula endemic to Pacific coast of Michoacan, Mexico.
It is endemic to the Cook Islands.
Biantidae is a family of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with about 130 described species.
These findings suggest that social spiders have a lower dispersal distance than asocial spiders.
It was discovered and described in 1917 by Cândido Firmino de Mello-Leitão, in Paraíba, where the tarantula is endemic.
Podolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Sancassania is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
These features are not seen on mygalomorph and araneomorph spiders, thus studying species like the Kimura spider can shed light on the evolution of all spiders.
These relatives of ticks are nearly microscopic, measuring 0.4 mm and have a chrome-orange hue.
Two sub-species are recognised, namely O. lineatus lineatus and O. lineatus occidentalis.
The spider genus Aname is endemic to Australia, with one species found only on Tasmania.
An as-yet undescribed species from Venezuela is intermediate in body form and palp.
Females range from 8.93 to 14.07 mm in total length while males range from 8.74 to 10.66 mm.
The genus is named after Χρύσιλλα, according to Thorell a Persian name.
Litogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
They have very large abdomens when well-fed and exhibit a tremendous colour-range from off-white through tan, brown to almost black.
Many species have a striking pale stripe down each side of the body.
These spiders are usually easily found in South Australia.
The species can be found in North America.
It is threatened by habitat degradation due to invasive plants and sea level rise.
In addition the female has a very unusually shaped sclerotized ventrianal shield, longer than wide with a convex anterior margin and deeply concave lateral margins.
Leucauge argyra is a spider and is known for being the host of the Hymenoepimecis argyraphaga, a Costa Rican or Puertorican parasitoid wasp.
Females reach body length of 10–14mm, males 8–9mm.
The genus name Abracadabrella  was created by Zabka in 1991 when he also described the male.
In Spanish, it is known as Araña Tigre, or "tiger spider", but is also well known as "long-legged spider" or "spitting spider".
The male wanders about, searching for a mate.
Pellenes is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Unlike with the Redback Spider, the bright red coloration does not appear to warn of significant danger to humans.
Phidippus pulcherrimus is a species of spider in the Salticidae family.
Herennia multipuncta, commonly known as the ornamental tree trunk spider, is a species of spider in the family Araneidae native to Asia.
This is a spectacular case of atavism, and later convergent evolution.
Petrunkevitch used the family for Carboniferous fossils he regarded as mesotheles but which lacked eyes.
Other species of spider and parasitoid wasps prey on this species.
The members of this genus have a clear leaf-like cardiac mark on the anterior dorsal elongated abdomen.
Bellota is also a synonym of the plant genus Ocotea.
In seals, the mites can be both prevalent and abundant.
Eugagrella is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The palpal patella of the male has a large spine, which is thicker than those on its legs.
As of April 2016, no alternative generic assignment has been accepted by the World Spider Catalog.
Obigrella nigra is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The Bexar County karst cave invertebrates are troglobites, species that spend their entire lives in subterranean environments.
These large predatory mites have long oval bodies, distinctively pointed in front.
Carpoglyphidae is a mite family in the order Astigmatina, containing four genera:
It is threatened by habitat deterioration due to sea level rise.
Recorded hosts include marsh rice rat in Georgia; the deermouse in Tennessee; and the eastern red squirrel in North Carolina, among others.
Oxyopes cornutus is a species of lynx spider documented first by F. O. Pickard-Cambridge in 1902, and found in Mexico.
The distribution of R. acuminata reaches up to Australia, and R. grammica has a palaearctic range.
Mesobuthus martensii is a species of scorpion in the family Buthidae.
The spider is endemic to southwest Western Australia.
The carapace is dark brown with paler markings towards the rear and a black margin.
Meata is a spider genus of the Salticidae family from China and Vietnam.
Pseudoplexippus is a genus of the jumping spiders endemic to Tanzania.
Gnaphosa borea is a ground spider species with Holarctic distribution.
An ambush hunter found resting on leaves and ferns, though it may be found hanging from just a few threads of silk.
Palaeocharinus is a genus of extinct trigonotarbid arachnids known from the Devonian of western Europe.
The silver abdomen is marked with black and red spots and carries deep furrows and distinctive lobes around the edge.
Cesonia is a genus of spider in the Gnaphosidae family.
Macutula is a spider genus of the Salticidae family from Brazil.
Rabidosa hentzi is a small species of wolf spider found in North America.
It contains a venomous toxin of low molecular weight called argiotoxin, that antagonizes the actions of the neurotransmitter glutamate.
Tick numbers can be reduced in your own back yard by cutting the grass, which creates a low humidity environment which is undesired by ticks.
The hairs on A. calamistratum are white or brownish-orange.
Zodarion konradi is a spider species found in Greece.
Despite its small size, this is a formidable predator which can prey on insects many times its size.
Entonyssidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
It is known as the Australian cattle tick, southern cattle tick, cuban tick, Madagascar blue tick and Porto Rican Texas fever tick.
Androctonus maroccanus is a species of scorpion, belonging to the family Buthidae.
Zodarion pythium is a spider species found in Greece.
The nearest relatives of Weintrauboa are in the Pimoa genus.
Altobunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
It comprises medium sized jumping spiders with slightly flattened bodies and dark brown carapaces.
Boolathana is a genus of spiders in the Trochanteriidae family found in western Australia.
All three families very likely have a common origin.
The males are noticeably smaller than the females: for example in C. jamaicensis the female is 2.9mm long, the male only 1.6mm.
Dithinozerconidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Spermophorides baunei is a cellar spider species found in Sardinia.
Langerra is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
There has been no information about L. similis since its original description in 1882.
It is generally yellowish in colour, turning reddish towards the end of the tail.
It is endemic to forests along the Australian east coast.
It lives on forest clearings, on badlands and in gardens.
When used for this purpose, they may be referred to as "cheese mites".
Massagris is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It occurs in rain forest from Burma to China and Vietnam.
It is dark brown with a black head and yellow-brown spots on the upper legs.
Spermophorides valentiana is a cellar spider species found in Spain.
Metaspinolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Semljicola alticola is a spider species found in Sweden, Finland and Russia.
Their hidden lifestyle makes it a rarely seen species.
Bastia is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
They can grow up to 10mm in length and have a hard, flat body with three spines coming from the abdomen.
They are in the subfamily Tydeinae of the family Tydeidae.
Leucorchestris arenicola is a huntsman spider found in the deserts of Namibia.
Philodanidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Pronematus pruni is a species of mite belonging to the family Tydeidae.
They produce a complex of neurotoxins called aptotoxins.
Scoloderus spiders make a "ladder" type nest with vertical extensions of sticky orbs above and below the circumference of the primary orb.
Hosts of Dermacentor ticks include many large and small mammals, including horses, deer, cattle, lagomorphs, peccaries, porcupines, tapirs, desert bighorn sheep, and humans.
Digamasellus is a genus of mites in the family Digamasellidae.
The female epigyne was drawn by Proszynsky.
Zodarion thoni is a spider species found in Eastern Europe to Azerbaijan.
Paraplectana tsushimensis is a spider in the orb-weaver family, native to China, Japan, and Taiwan.
The males are mature in autumn and the females are probably mature throughout the year.
Austrochthonius insularis is a species of pseudoscorpions in the family Chthoniidae.
Cytaea ponapensis is a species of jumping spider.
The body length excluding legs is about 4 to 7 mm in both sexes, males having a slimmer abdomen.
Curubis is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
These species was described in 1757 in Chapter 5 of the book Svenska Spindlar by Carl Alexander Clerck.
Despite drastic differences in behavioral phenotypes, both social and asocial spiders readily interbreed and produce viable offspring.
They thrive in warm, damp areas of the skin.
The natural hosts for the paralysis tick include koalas, bandicoots, possums and kangaroos.
These spiders prefer open habitats and are amongst the most frequent orb-weaving spiders.
Pseudocellus pearsei is an arachnid species in the order Ricinulei.
Adults can be found at all times.
While the females are black with a red tinge, the males have a bright red head and jaws, and a gunmetal blue-black abdomen.
Zodarion bosmansi is a spider species found in Portugal.
The legs are yellow-brown with many annulations which, along with its size, help to distinguish N. montana from similar species.
Micrommata is a genus of huntsman spiders with palaearctic distribution.
Melychiopharis cynips is an ant-mimicking spider from Brazil.
Saltiseiidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Eriophyoidea are a superfamily of herbivorous mites.
Meta nigra is a long-jawed orb weaver spider species found in Portugal.
The adult males of these spiders reach 6–10 millimetres of length, while females are 7–10 millimetres long.
When specimens from Los Baños, beside a lake, were unsuccessful the first time, about three quarters switched to another option.
Aceria erinea is a species of mites belonging to the family Eriophyidae, the gall mites.
It is also a carrier of Borrelia, a spirochaete bacterium, and is a carrier of a flavivirus causing Alkhurma hemorrhagic fever.
Allococalodes cornutus is a jumping spider species in the genus Allococalodes endemic to New Guinea.
The sexual dimorphism of the species is marked, the male being much smaller than the female.
Kuzinia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
The species name is derived from the Latin insignis "mark".
The Lake Placid funnel wolf spider is a species of spider in the Lycosidae family.
Mature females have bodies about 6 mm long, mature males are smaller at about 4 mm.
The name derives from an old belief, now known to be false, that the spiders dig deep burrows similar to those of mice.
Theridion strepitus is a blind cave spider found only on the Galapagos Islands.
The genus has one species, Ozopactus ernsti, endemic to Venezuela.
It is a vector and reservoir for scrub typhus.
They have two rows of long, slender curved hairs on the femurs of the fourth leg.
The single described species Augustaea formicaria is only found in Singapore.
The female has a body length of around 9 millimetres, the male being rather smaller.
It emerges at night to practice its unusual prey capture method on invertebrate prey.
The original locality from which these fossils originate is no longer available thus it is unclear whether any further examples will be found.
It was described by Chant and Hansell in 1971.
Peramelaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Psammonsella is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Cyriopagopus is a genus of spiders in the family Theraphosidae found in Southeast Asia, from Myanmar to the Philippines.
The male palps are similar to that of A. similus but, from above, the thin apophysis is longer.
Cyclosa is a spider genus in the family Araneidae.
Metaphidippus manni is a species of jumping spider found in North America.
Anapistula bifurcata Harvey, 1998 — Northern Territory
The presence of preening combs in metatarsi I is also unusual.
They can move forwards, backwards, and sideways.
Neobrettus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Argyrodes cognatus is a species of tangle-web spider that is endemic to the Seychelles, and can be found on Mahé, Conception, Silhouette and Marianne islands.
Oonopinus angustatus is a spider species found in Spain, France, Corsica and Algeria.
In P. fimbriata from Queensland, contests between males usually are very brief and do no damage.
As A. avicularia variegata, it has been called the grizzled pinktoe.
Like all species of the subfamily it has eight eyes.
C. darlingi is a rather common terrarium species.
Its bite is not harmful to humans but can cause irritation and swelling.
These spiders become sexually mature at about four years.
The scientific name for the species was first published in 2010 by West and Nunn.
Akela Peckham & Peckham, 1896 is a genus of the jumping spider family Salticidae, consisting of three described species.
This species is endemic to South Africa and has since been transferred to the genus Kraussiana Southcott, 1961.
This harvestman is eyeless and pale orange in color.
The Torreya trap-door spider is a species of spider in the Ctenizidae family.
It ranges from India to China and can be found on Java.
Biologists have identified at least 19 cave features in the area, at least five of which could contain more.
Indeed, these spiders instinctively play dead if they feel threatened.
Diamonds are brought close to the Earth's surface through deep volcanic eruptions by magma, which cools into igneous rocks known as kimberlites and lamproites.
The described species have been found in Tanzania and Ethiopia.
Lessertia is a genus of spiders in the Linyphiidae family.
Common species are Lampona cylindrata and Lampona murina.
Laelaps echidnina – Rattus, Didelphis, Sigmodon, Mus, Peromyscus, Sylvilagus
Linyphia triangularis is a European species of spider in the family Linyphiidae.
It is a large, hairy tarantula and, like all spiders, they have two body segments, eight legs and two palps for sensing and feeling their prey.
Zodarion jozefienae is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
In 1955 Robert Barnes chose M. inclemens,:1 and this has become the standard name.
Oarces reticulatus is a spider species in the family Mimetidae.
This species is parasitised by a wasp larva which attaches itself externally at the junction of the cephalothorax and abdomen.
Mastophora dizzydeani is a species of spider named after baseball player Dizzy Dean.
Eastern Mouse Spiders are often mistaken for Australian Funnel-web Spiders.
Lyssomanes is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Adults can reach up to 40-60 millimeters, 80 millimeters being the maximum.
It includes a blind spider, Nesticella marapu.
Once the mites feed by puncturing through the snake skin, the snake usually shows symptoms of irritation and discomfort.
These hairs help it to detect vibration in the soil.
Until 1967, the genus was considered to belong to the family Pisauridae, but was then moved to the family Ctenidae.
Anepsiozomus is a genus of hubbardiid short-tailed whipscorpion, and it contains the following species:
Diaea is a spider genus of the family Thomisidae.
The baboon spider Pterinochilus murinus, an old-world tarantula, was first described in 1897 by Reginald Innes Pocock.
The spider was later described by Mike Gray, who was on this trip.
The six-legged parasitic larva feeds on a large variety of creatures, including humans, rabbits, toads, box turtles, quail, and even some insects.
Macrodinychus is the sole genus in the monotypic Macrodinychidae, a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Alfenus is a genus of jumping spiders.
The scorpion is reddish brown to orange and grows up to 80mm in length.
They make their sticky rounded orb webs near lights and between trees where insects are likely to fly.
It mainly infects raccoons, but has also been recorded on the marsh rice rat in Georgia.
Laelaps kochi – Blarina, Corynorhinus, Dicrostonyx, Dipodomys, Glaucomys, Microtus, Mustela, Myodes, Napaeozapus, Neotamias, Neovison, Neurotrichus, Ondatra, Peromyscus, Phenacomys, Sigmodon, Sorex, Synaptomys, Tamias, Zapus
Cyclosa conica is a small spider with no common name.
Zelotibia is a genus of spiders in the family Gnaphosidae.
Mimetus is a genus of pirate spiders in the family Mimetidae.
Salticus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Hysterocrates crassipes is a species of spider in the family Theraphosidae found in Cameroon, Africa.
They have mostly a body length between one and three millimeters.
Asianellus is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
Dasumia nativitatis is a spider species found in Greece.
Species include Nicodamus peregrinus and Nicodamus mainae.
Clubiona alpicola is a sac spider species found from Europe to Central Asia.
Maeota is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Clubiona mykolai is a sac spider species found in Ukraine.
Named for this method of dispatching victims and after Bram Stoker, the author of Dracula.
Noegus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Rabidosa is a genus of spiders described by Roewer.
Rhodacarus is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
Demodicosis occurs when female mites lay eggs in hair follicles.
Sphaeroseius is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Abracadabrella elegans is a species of jumping spider in the genus Abracadabrella.
It is only known from a single female collected in Paraná state, Brazil.
It was described as Listrophorus grassii in 1954 from the marsh rice rat in Georgia.
These spiders are usually easily found in Brazil.
Argas africolumbae , ' is a small soft-bodied tick that is found primarily on chickens and birds including the pale crag martin.
A pseudoscorpion, also known as a false scorpion or book scorpion, is an arachnid belonging to the order Pseudoscorpiones, also known as Pseudoscorpionida or Chelonethida.
Its Latin name refers to Logan Canyon, Utah, where the species was first discovered.
Judging from the shape of the male palp of E. gracilis, it belongs to the same genus as Epeus, which was split from Viciria in 1984.
They are ambush predators, actively hunting prey by sight.
Some of its habitat is degraded, but it is not considered to be of conservation concern.
Veigaiidae is a family of mites belonging to the superorder Parasitiformes.
Servaea murina is the only species of the jumping spider genus Servaea found outside of Australia.
It hides on this string of debris, and its natural coloration makes it extremely difficult to see until it moves.
Amaurobius hercegovinensis is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Bosnia-Hercegovina.
German naturalist Ludwig Carl Christian Koch described the giant water spider as Dolomedes australianus in 1865, from a specimen collected in Wollongong.
The genus name is derived from Avitus.
Sitalcicus gardineri is an extinct species of harvestmen in the family Podoctidae.
Though docile, this species is rarely kept as a pet in part due to its tendency to fling urticating hairs with minimal provocation.
The species of this family are found throughout North America
The species and genus were described based on a single immature and misclassified specimen.
Encolpius is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Those properties determine the major industrial application of diamond in cutting and polishing tools and the scientific applications in diamond knives and diamond anvil cells.
This scorpion uses a flick as its mode of defense, but they will occasionally stand their ground with a defensive posture.
Ornithodoros moubata is a species of tick.
Gnaphosa atramentaria is a ground spider species found in France.
Neotropacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
It was first described by Robert J. Raven & Norman I. Platnickin 1981.
Hysterocrates gigas is a member of the tarantula family, Theraphosidae found in Cameroon.
It belongs to the genus Phidippus and is found in the United States.
A closely related species, the brown house spider or grey house spider, has a similar distribution.
Descanso is a genus of jumping spiders.
The Synthetonychiidae are a small family of harvestman with a handful of species in a single genus.
Gnaphosa alpica is a ground spider species found in Europe.
It feeds on the leaves and in large numbers can reduce yields.
Males expand their colorful abdominal flaps for display during courtship as well as in contests with other males.
Rhagodidae is a family of solifuges or sun spiders.
The amount of sand removed can be 200–400 times its own weight.
Zeuxippus is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
Dasyponyssidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
This is a dark-coloured spider up to 9.2 mm in length.
This supports a small platform made of cribellate silk.
Giupponia is a monotypic genus of the harvestman family Gonyleptidae.
Dictyna latens is species of spiders found in Europe to Central Asia.
Species range in body length from two to three millimeters and three to ten mm.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Saitissus squamosus.
The prey is lured to the spider by the production of up to three pheromone-analogues.
Afrodacarellus is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
They are often called uropygids in the scientific community based on an alternative name for the order, Uropygi.
Typhlodromips is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Horstiella is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Alphalaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Antennophorus is a genus of mites in the family Antennophoridae.
The Singapore blue is a large, arboreal species of tarantula from Malaysia and Singapore.
Nephila clavipes is the only species of golden orb-web spider indigenous to continental North and South America.
These tiny animals are parasites of plants.
Chebabius angulatus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Dermanyssus is a genus of mites in the family Dermanyssidae.
Males are up to 5 millimetres in length, but females are much larger at around 9 millimetres.
This species is only found in South Africa.
Erasinus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Tridenchthoniidae is a family of pseudoscorpions within the superfamily Chthonioidea.
This is taken to be an adaptation reducing the 'virulence' of the parasite to prevent its host's destruction, and therefore its own.
Euscorpius alpha is a species of scorpion which is indigenous to southern Switzerland and northern Italy, west of the river Adige in northern Italy.
It was described by Lucien Berland in 1914 and is endemic to Tanzania.
Ectoantennoseius is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
The eyes are used for hunting, for avoiding threats and for finding and wooing mates.
Akrav israchanani is an extinct species of scorpions from the Ayyalon Cave in Israel.
It is capable of delivering a painful and venomous bite to humans.
Synothele howi Raven, 1994 — Western Australia
Clubiona terrestris is a sac spider species found in Europe.
Avicularia alticeps is a species of spider belonging to the family Theraphosidae.
It is also naturalised in New Zealand where it has established at sites throughout the North Island and South Island.
The spiders dig a burrow up to 55 cm deep, with two trapdoors.
Immature spiders make their retreats out of silk only.
Sternostoma setifer is a mite that is parasitic in the nasal passages of some birds found in Alberta and Manitoba, Canada.
Paramarpissa is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Cecidophyes rouhollahi is a mite species in the genus Cecidophyes.
Despite the name, the spider probably does not occur in Guangxi.
Nephila komaci is a species of golden orb-web spider.
Agelena lingua is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
In Cuba it is known as alacran prieto and alacran azul.
Halictacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
It adopts exceptional copulatory behaviour: when the male achieves genitalia coupling with his palp, the latter is torn off by the female.
Aldabrinus aldabrinus is a species of pseudoscorpion that is known from Aldabra in the Seychelles and from Mozambique.
Hogna is a genus of wolf spiders with more than 200 described species.
Amaurobius annulatus is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in the Balkans.
The species name is derived from Latin venustus "charming".
When a small wandering spider hits the silk, this causes the whip spider to descend.
Bythocrotus is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
Acantholycosa zinchenkoi is a species of wolf spider only known from the Katun Mountain Range in the southwestern Altai Mountains of Russia and Kazakhstan.
Both sexes of C. strigosa have a cephalothorax with posterior stalk and raised reticulate pattern, and long legs.
The wheel spider does not produce a web.
Myobia malaysiensis Fain, Lukoschus & Nadchatram, 1980
It is the most basal lineage of ticks.
Scientists are unclear as to how Alaskozetes antacticus has been able to adapt to an environment so different from those of other arthropods.
Stergusa is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The abdomen has a pattern of white hairs with a gap in the cardiac region and at the rear.
The disease caused by the mites is called varroosis.
Like other Maratus spiders, the males of the species engage in a courtship display, during which they extend their median and posterior fringed spinnerets.
Hypoaspis mites feed on fungus gnats, springtails, thrips pupae, and other small insects in the soil.
Asemonea tenuipes is a species of Salticidae which can be found on Andaman Islands and in such countries as Burma, India, Sri Lanka, and Thailand.
The species in the Rugathodes genus are too small to be dangerous to humans.
It is known as the pinkfoot goliath or pinktoe goliath.
In both sexes, the first pair of legs are greatly enlarged.
It is normally a parasite of birds, but has also been recorded on the marsh rice rat.
The mechanism in which this is accomplished is with a pheromone trail around the uncolonized ear, which leads to the colonized ear.
Carmichaelus maculatus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Due to the large size as well as the bright, unique colors of the female Nephila, the spider is well-favored in Japan.
It was described in 1905 by Edvard Ellingsen, with a type locality of Santiago, Chile.
Like other species of the same genus, it is known as a "signature spider"; it builds a web with a zig-zag stabilimentum somewhat resembling letters.
Triaeris stenaspis is a species of spider in the family Oonopidae, with a pantropical distribution.
This mite can easily be distinguished from closely related species by the extraordinarily long, blackish setae which cover the body and legs.
The legs are short and robust, with the front two pairs having two segments and the back two three.
Nothoaspis reddelli, also known as Carios reddelli, is a tick that feeds off the ghost-faced bat.
Dolomedes elegans is a spider species found in French Guiana.
They are carnivorous, preying on small insects such as psylla and flies.
It can be found in woodland habitats in leaf litter.
Trombidium raeticum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
It was first described by Lee in 1998.
The Mexican golden red rump tarantula, Brachypelma albiceps, is species of the genus Brachypelma.
Monaga is a genus of jumping spiders that occurs only in Panama.
Some species live in caves while some are surface-dwelling.
Haemogamasidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Anapistula cuttacutta Harvey, 1998 — Northern Territory
Fuentes is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
The web silk of the A. gemma ranges from 1 to 4 μm in diameter.
Foodstuffs acquire a sickly sweet smell and an unpalatable taste.
Leucauge is a spider genus with pantropical distribution.
Kalcerrytus is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
B. jonesi occurs only in Alabama, while B. laciniosa is found in the southeastern United States.
Ulcers and necrosis have been attributed to the bites, but a scientific study by Isbister and Gray showed these had other causes, mostly infections.
Hadronyche is a genus of venomous spiders found in Australia.
Anelosimus dude is a species of spider in the family Theridiidae.
Pachyonomastus is a genus of jumping spiders found in East Africa.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Phyaces comosus.
Zygoballus electus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in Panama.
This species has historically been confused with Nephila clavipes, with the main distinguishing visual difference being significantly smaller black hair tufts on the legs.
Some species are specialists of rocky shorelines.
Both described species are endemic to Madagascar.
It has been introduced in Belgium and Germany.
The genus was first described by George and Elizabeth Peckham in 1886.
The genus is endemic to South America.
Anelosimus oritoyacu is a species of tangle-web spider found in Ecuador and Mexico at altitudes from 1,800 to 2,000 metres.
They can vary in color from fawn to pinkish brown or chocolate brown.
Araneid webs are constructed in a stereotyped fashion.
Cheyletiella is a genus of mites that live on the skin surface of dogs, cats, and rabbits,
Females reach about 8–13 mm length, males only 6–8 mm.
Cryptoparachtes fedotovi is a spider species found in Georgia and Azerbaijan.
810 names were submitted, and lorax was ultimately chosen, submitted by Tristan Long, a professor from Wilfrid Laurier University.
Phlegra fasciata is a species of jumping spiders that can be found in Palearctic region.
Orsima is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Each clutch averages 250 eggs and is housed in a round white silken egg sac.
Adult males are between 1.6 and 2.3 mm in length.
Rhodacarellus is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
Cyriocosmus is a spider genus in the family Theraphosidae.
It was first found in Sardinia, 6 kilometres south of Cuglieri.
The carapace is dark brown with a darker midline and margins.
Litoporus iguassuensis is a cellar spider species found in Brazil.
The back of females sports a dark saddle-like pattern with a light longitudinal stripe in the middle.
Bassaniana is a spider genus under the Thomisidae family.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1991 by Marek Żabka.
Considered a pest in some areas, they typically begin to appear during autumn from early September to late October as temperatures start dropping.
Kuzinellus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Anelosimus pomio is a species of tangle-web spider found in Papua New Guinea.
Females have a body length of about four to ten millimeters.
Leucauge argyra is known to be a colonial species, with spiders maintaining individual territories/orb webs within a scaffolding of shared support lines maintained by the group.
Most species in the subfamily live fossorially in burrows, though there are several species which are living arboreally in trees.
Upon noticing someone observing them they can be seen raising their head, and usually change behavior.
The Sarcoptidae family of mites contains the genus Sarcoptes.
Gagrella is a large genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
These two eriophyioideans are the most ancient arthropods ever found in amber.
Its contains only one species, Letoia ephippiata.
Trombidium geniculatum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
All four described species are found in caves systems of Western Australia.
Argyrodes flavescens, commonly called the red and silver dewdrop spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Theridiidae.
Stenoterommata crassistyla is a species of mygalomorph spiders of Argentina, named after its wide embolus in males, distinguishing this species from the sympatric S. tenuistyla.
Several species are known to use ballooning as a method of dispersal.
This species can only be distinguished from the similar Pancorius magnus by study of the genitalia.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1896 by Peckham & Peckham.
It can cause paralysis by injecting neurotoxins into its host.
The male strokes the female using the palps allowing her to be approached.
Abacarus hystrix produces up to twenty overlapping generations per year in South Australian perennial pastures, indicating that the species breeds quite rapidly.
The Venezuelan suntiger is a striking tarantula species from Venezuela and hence considered a New World species.
Dictyna ignobilis is spider species found in Moldavia and Armenia.
Only seven species of Aptostichus were known prior to 2012, including the Angelina Jolie trapdoor spider.
R. sexpunctatus is found in North America as well as Russia.
Gramenca is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Agelena cuspidata is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
Synemosyna is a genus of jumping spiders that occurs from Argentina to the northern United States.
The type species S. amrishi is only known from male specimens, which are 3.1 mm long, with a dark brown carapace.
The name Rhene is derived from the Greek proper name Rhene.
Sphodros is a genus of mygalomorph spiders that occurs in the United States and Mexico.
Haemaphysalis is a genus of ticks, containing these species:
In females, these are red, in males, black.
Its retreat is a short tube with a door at each end which it builds on the bark of trees.
Amblypygi is an ancient order of arachnid chelicerate arthropods also known as whip spiders and tailless whip scorpions.
This scorpion is often found in dry and hot areas with sparse vegetation, where it hides under stones etc.
It is the largest species of the Buthidae, measuring up to 18 cm, and its diet may include lizards and mice.
In this medium-sized jumping spider, the front part is orange-brown and the back part is brownish.
It has a fairly wide distribution in Siberia: from the Putorana Plateau east to the Chersky Range and south to northern Transbaikal.
It contains many predators of small invertebrates, while some are herbivores and others parasites.
Females are dark reddish brown, with an almost black anterior.
Its closest known relative is M. gobiensis, from which it can be distinguished only by details of the genitalia.
The cephalothorax is quite broad, with lying down hair.
Androlaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
The thin egg sacs are positioned inside this retreat.
All post-embryonic instars lack the third and fourth pairs of legs.
Mycetosancassania is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Eophrynids lived during the Carboniferous period in what is now modern Europe and North America.The family is probably found within the 'eophrynid assemblage' clade;)))).
Ephebopus uatuman is a species of tarantula, native to Brazil.
Arctosa cinerea is one of the most conspicuous wolf spider of central Europe, with a palearctic distribution and also found in Congo.
This species is present in most of Europe and in central Asia.
For humans, itching usually occurs after the larvae detach from the skin.
Stenaelurillus setosus is a species of jumping spider from Burma.
Species are known to inhabit forest floors, and build "formless" webs.
It is a large species, regularly reaching lengths of 6 inches.
Dasylobus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
Gnaphosa mongolica is a ground spider species found from Turkey, Hungary to China.
Dolomedes  is a genus of large spiders of the family Pisauridae.
Unnamed or unidentified species have been reported on Gerbilliscus robustus and Acomys wilsoni in Tanzania and on the marsh rice rat in Florida and Georgia.
They live in vegetation as opposed to related genus Xysticus, which lives on the ground.
It occurs on the Gazelle Peninsula of New Britain, New Guinea, where it was found in the canopy of rain forests.
Females can grow 2 to 2.5 cm long, but the males are generally smaller.
Atrax sutherlandi is a species of Australian funnel-web spider found in forests on the far south coast of New South Wales and in eastern Victoria.
Leuronychus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Pygobunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Spiders in the genus Styposis are small and unpigmented with fairly long legs, and measure less than 2mm in total.
Psilochorus is a genus of spiders in the family Pholcidae.
Archaeodictyna is a spider genus in the family Dictynidae, with nine widely disbursed species.
They are classified in the superfamily Tetranychoidea, being its most ornate members.
Araneus gemmoides, commonly known as the jewel spider and cat-faced spider, is a common outdoor orb-weaver spider found in the USA and Canada.
Most adults are found between October and January, with females carrying eggsacs found between November and December, and carrying spiderlings from December to January.
Their prey is insects, or occasionally other small spiders.
Philodromus cammarus is a spider species found in the Balkans.
The male palps are distinctively marked, the yellowish femur and tibia contrasting with the almost black terminal cymbium.
It mimics a bird dropping in its appearance and the way it behaves.
Ananteris is a little-known genus of rare scorpions.
The female produces three to five yellow egg sacs during the summer.
On the anterior half, the abdomen has red streaks laterally.
This species differs from C. obscura in the shorter male embolus and the shorter female spermathecal ducts.
Acanthoscurria are terrestrial spiders, naturally found in wide deep burrows, but often do not burrow in captivity.
It is suggested that they act as mating plugs to prevent other males from mating with the female and thereby ensure the paternity of offspring.
Otopheidomenidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Especially the male Pellenes seriatus and P. lapponicus frontally look very similar to Hasarius adansoni.
Cyclocosmia or "trapdoor spider" is a genus of spiders in the Ctenizidae family.
Acanthogonatus centralis is a mygalomorph spider of Argentina, its name referring to its distribution, being one of the most common mygalomorphs in central Argentina.
The genus name comes from Ἐπόκιλλος, a soldier of Alexander the Great.
However, according to, neither group appears to be monophyletic.
Tenuipalpidae, also called flat mites or false spider mites, are a family of mites, closely related to the Tetranychidae.
Sitalcicus incertus is a species of harvestmen in the family Podoctidae.
Its species are found on various island in the southwest Indian Ocean.
It is one of the few species in the genus Myrmarachne that is found outside the tropics.
The Artoriinae are a subfamily of wolf spiders.
Paraceroglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
An unidentified species has been recorded on the marsh rice rat in Georgia.
It is notably found in Lithuania and the Czech Republic.
Dermacentor ticks inject a neurotoxin that causes tick paralysis.
Okiseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Lapsias is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Carinostoma elegans is an harvestmen species in the genus Carinostoma found in Hungary.
It is a popular species in the pet trade, and is protected by CITES.
This species has been recorded from grass and soil in the vicinity of Bathurst, South Africa.
It is one of the most important natural enemies of different pests in farmland and forests in Asia.
The raft spider is one of the two largest spiders in the United Kingdom, and derives its name from its ability to walk on water.
Like other Dolomedes spiders, it is semi-aquatic, hunting its prey on the surface of water.
Acantholycosa khakassica is a species of wolf spider only known from south-western Khakassia, Russia.
Trombidium daunium is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
Males are distinguished by the palpal bulb, more abruptly tapered than in other species of the genus; females by the long, slender, spiraled spermathecal receptacula.
Troglocoptes is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Females grow to around 12mm, while males grow to 9mm.
Digamasellidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Xenocaligonellididae is a small family of acariform mites of the prostigmatan superfamily Raphignathoidea.
Amaurobius cerberus is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Spain.
The dead tissue falls out of the body after a few days.
A. nodosum is a specialist that lives exclusively on the giant anteater and the Southern tamandua.
Males differ from C. serena by the presence of a dense patch of setae on the anterior tibiae, females in the undivided spermathecae.
Trochosa hungarica is a wolf spider species in the genus Trochosa found in Hungary.
Eupoa prima is a species of jumping spider from Vietnam.
Adults occur in Germany from June to August.
It occurs only in the Philippines and Fiji.
Its common name is Elegant Fly Mimic.
Draculoides is a genus of troglobite arachnid endemic to North West Australia.
The adult males of these spiders reach 6–10 millimetres of length, while females are 7–10 millimetres long.
Melpomene species range from southwestern U.S. to Panama.
It includes important disease vectors of animals and humans, and some species inject toxins that can cause paralysis.
Servaea is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Gnaphosa badia is a ground spider species found from Europe to Azerbaijan.
Microstigmata is a genus of spiders in the family Microstigmatidae.
Cyrtocarenum grajum is a trapdoor spider species found in Greece and Crete.
Simon thought that they were close to Viciria.
It is usually brown in colour, though it is quite variable.
Liphistius batuensis is a species of trapdoor spider from Malaysia.
Monocentropus is a genus of spiders in the family Theraphosidae.
This harvestman is widespread throughout Britain and Europe, though less common than L. rotundum.
Longitrichanenteria is a genus of mites in the family Nenteriidae.
Adults can be found throughout the year.
It is a fossorial scorpion with relatively large, strong claws and a short, thin tail.
It has been described by Hogg, in 1922.
It is similar to the smaller Anelasmocephalus cambridgei.
This is a large, oval red mite with a body length of up to 1.5 mm.
Nigma hortensis is a spider species found in Spain, France and Algeria.
Zodarion segurense is a spider species found in Spain.
Adult females are between 1.7 and 2.8 mm in length.
Specimens were shades of brown and white, although color variation is not known.
Mature males are rarely, if ever, observed feeding.
Bolivilaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Zygoballus iridescens is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States.
Of the major types of citrus, the orange is most vulnerable to the virus.
Serradigitus miscionei, commonly known as the Walnut Gulch scorpion, is a rare scorpion found only in southern Arizona.
Carniella brignolii is a tangle web spider species found in Belgium, Switzerland, Germany and Austria.
As of October 2016, the World Spider Catalog recognizes only one species in the genus, Albionella propria.
Amaurobius ferox is a matriphagous spider, meaning that the young devour the mother after hatching.
Phidippus audax is a common jumping spider of North America.
The bite of Leptotrombidium often does not itch, or at least not as intensely, as those of Eutrombicula.
They are found in Central America and the Antilles.
Ozyptila flava is a crab spider species found in Spain.
Pseudoscorpions are generally beneficial to humans since they prey on clothes moth larvae, carpet beetle larvae, booklice, ants, mites, and small flies.
Clubiona nemorum is a sac spider species found in Réunion.
Sibianor is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
The closely related M. furtiva and M. monticola parasitize two spider species that are also closely related, and it is believed that the two groups coevolved.
Eutrombicula batatas is a species of chigger.
Archegozetes longisetosus is a species of tropical moss mite in the family Trhypochthoniidae.
For this reason, species of the genus Steatoda are commonly called 'False Widows'.
Paravaejovis spinigerus, commonly known as the Stripe-tailed scorpion or the "devil" scorpion, is very common and widely distributed in Arizona and southwestern New Mexico.
The Sarcoptiformes are an order of Acari comprising over 15,000 described species in around 230 families, which are divided into two suborders, Oribatida and Astigmatina.
Orvilleus is a genus of jumping spiders found only in Panama.
The species of the genus are native to North America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Oceania.
The brown abdomen has a dark, leaf-life marking bordered with white.
This species is present in most of Europe and in Central Asia.
Clubiona diniensis is a sac spider species found in Portugal, Spain, France and Germany.
The original fossils have been redescribed in detail by Alexander Petrunkevitch in 1949 and Dunlop in 1999.
This retreat is used by the female spider to secrete its egg sac.
Agelena dubiosa is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
Prionostemma is a large genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The Laelapidae are a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
The anterior median eyes are always absent or minute.
The genus was first described by Eugène Simon in 1897.
It has been introduced into England and Belgium.
Brevipalpus obovatus, which is a pest of many plants, including the ornamentals Hibiscus rosa-sinensis and Brunfelsia uniflora.
The species was described by Robert Gess of Wits University in the journal African Invertebrates.
Lygromma anops is one of only three known eyeless spiders in the superfamily Gnaphosoidea, and one of only two known troglobites.
Indomarengo is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Agelena borbonica is a spider species found in Réunion.
Phospholipase A2 cleaves the SN-2 acyl chain, releasing arachidonic acid.
The Theridion strepitus is in the Theridiidae family and does not have any eyes.
Scoloderus is a genus of orb-weaving spider of the family Araneidae which feed largely on nocturnal moths.
Its cocoon is generally laid in the holes or crevices of trees.
Like other members of the genus, it inhabits flat fissures in rock and can sometimes be found moving around at night.
Nanthela is a spider genus in the family Liphistiidae.
In 1900, Karl Kraepelin was the first who identified it as a new and undescribed species within the genus Tityus.
Typically, it shows a large white or yellowish band surrounding the head region and a smaller one at the anterior end of abdomen.
This species occurs globally, and is a serious pest to such crops as citrus, tea, papaya, guava and coffee, and can heavily damage numerous other crops.
Tama novaehollandiae or Tamopsis novaehollandiae are names used for an Australian spider species.
Habrocestoides is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Rhene is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Samooidea is a large superfamily in the Grassatores group of harvestmen.
This species is most similar to the widespread Neon minutus but the bold abdominal pattern is diagnostic.
The theraphosid subfamily Ornithoctoninae is defined by the following combination of characters.
Naphrys is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
They have dirt attached to their bodies, to escape predators.
Menemerus semilimbatus is a spider in the Salticidae family.
It is a hunting spider and feeds on other spiders.
Pandisus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Zelogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Many members of this genus feed on other mites such as red spider mites, and also on thrips.
The colour can range from a brown or reddish plum to satiny black.
Ornithonyssus bursa is a species of mite.
Psalmopoeus cambridgei, the Trinidad chevron tarantula, is a species of spider in the Theraphosidae family, endemic to Trinidad.
It was first described by Fage in 1938.
The superfamily contains two families of spiders:
Stromatopelma fumigatum is a species of spider, in the Theraphosidae family, endemic to Río Muni.
It is not certain that these two groups should reside within the same genus.
It was formerly placed in a separate family, Nephilidae.
Bertrana striolata females are 4.5 mm long or less.
Contests between females involve less displaying, and physical fights between females are more likely to end in injury or death.
Oligolophus tridens is a species of harvestman.
They hide during the day in a silken retreat that opens at the bottom, masked with plant and animal matter and leave it during the night.
The same way that D. folliculorum reproduces in the follicles, D. brevis reproduces in the sebaceous glands.
Species of Pelzneria are most often associated with small vertebrate carrion, and most species are phoretic on silphid beetles of the genus Nicrophorus.
These two forms were previously thought to be separate species.
It is found in Australia, in both tropical and temperate regions, and in parts of New Guinea and New Caledonia.
Before that, it was at times considered to belong to the Clubionidae, thus living up to its species name incerta which is Latin for "uncertain".
Dasumia carpatica is a spider species found in Eastern Europe.
Ephebopus is a genus in the family of Theraphosidae.
Like Steatoda, they have a large colulus and a subspherical abdomen.
Adungrella is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The adult mites are usually yellow but also have been seen to be white or orange.
Ricoseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
It has a thick cuticle which allows it to withstand dry conditions.
Cyrthydrolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Veigaiidae.
According to the Catalogue of Life species Lycosa dacica does not have known subspecies.
Schenkeliobunum tuberculatus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Its only described species, Bythocrotus cephalotes, is endemic to Hispaniola.
Helpis is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
The species are 4.5–6 centimetres in length and are either golden-tan or yellowish-brown coloured.
First photo of the N37 cave spider discovered and photographed by Bill Crowle under the cairn built at the end of N37,.
Agelena bifida is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
The severe itching is accompanied by red pimple-like bumps or hives and skin rash or lesions on a sun-exposed area.
Blattisocius keegani is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae.
Eutrombicula is a subgenus of mites in the family Trombiculidae.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1941 by Cândido Firmino de Mello-Leitão, found in Colombia.
Prevalence varies, but infection appears to be more common among commercial colonies than wild populations.
Neon valentulus is a species of jumping spider found from Europe to Central Asia.
Although it does not usually occur on rodents or birds, and is "described as a nest-dwelling hedgehog specialist.
It is found in New York, USA.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Selimus venustus.
Ozopactus is a genus of tarantula, a family of spiders.
P. fimbriata typically copulates much quicker than other jumping spiders.
Cambridgea elegans is a species of spider in the genus Cambridgea found in New Zealand.
Thrandina is a genus of jumping spiders, with three species found in Ecuador.
Ammotrechidae have relatively high metabolic rates, which allow them to be voracious predators.
Its body is colored yellowish-orange, with white to yellowish white appendages.
The nine other listed Bexar County invertebrates include the Robber Baron cave meshweaver, the Cokendolpher cave harvestman, and the Madla cave meshweaver.
Havaika is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
The pest overwinters in the egg stage, mostly on the twigs.
Members of this family can be distinguished by a hyaline appendage on the tarsus of the pedipalp.
Queenslandolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Stankiella is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
It was first described in 1979 by Blest.
It is one of the most well-known hard ticks.
Portia labiata is a jumping spider found in Sri Lanka, India, southern China, Burma, Malaysia, Singapore, Java, Sumatra and the Philippines.
This species's name comes from the Latin Greek prefix albo, meaning white, and the Latin word striatus, meaning lines or striped.
Like other trapdoor spiders they create burrows with a hinged lid, from which they await passing insects and other arthropods to prey upon.
The description was based on a single male spider collected in 1894.
Bond opted to name the spider after his favorite musician, Neil Young, whose music and activism on peace and justice he appreciates.
Chasenella is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Centruroides flavopictus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
It was described by Fox in 1947.
Stichius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It includes 187 species in 8 genera, distributed across Central American and western North America.
Their venom contains powerful neurotoxins and is especially potent.
The females, now impregnated, cut holes in their mother's body so that they can emerge to find new thrips eggs.
Symptoms can include moderate to severe pain increasing for the first hour.
It produces a venom that contains numerous compounds capable of blocking neurotransmitters, including neurotoxic peptides called hainantoxins.
The genus includes both relatively small species where the cephalothorax is less than 9 mm and large species where the cephalothorax can measure almost 40 mm.
It was described by Selden and Gall in 1992.
It has a disjunct distribution: it is found on the Ivory Coast and in South Africa.
Sitticus dorsatus is a species of spider from Salticidae family.
Nusoncus is a genus of spiders in the family Linyphiidae.
In adults, the retreat is made of leaves folded over and held together with silk.
They are able to change their colour with each moult to better match the background upon which they rest during the day.
From C. patagonica and C. sanjuanina, females differ also in the patterned cephalothorax and legs.
Assamiidae are a family of harvestmen with more than 400 described species.
It is sometimes called the Napoleon spider, because of a supposed resemblance of the markings on the abdomen to a silhouette of Napoleon.
It is commonly called the ladybird mimic spider.
The pathology for disease transmission by the mites is still unknown.
It is notable for containing some of the largest living species of scorpions.
Brommella hellenensis is a spider species found in Greece.
Hoplophthiracarus is a genus of mites in the family Steganacaridae.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Ghumattus primus.
Selimus is a genus of jumping spiders found in Brazil.
This oval, eyeless mite is around 400 μm in length with a soft body covered in striations.
The species of this genus are ascribed with spreading the virus that causes the life-threatening Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever.
They are distributed from Argentina to southern USA, most diverse in northern South America, Central America and Mexico.
Wheel spiders are up to 20 mm in size, with males and females the same size.
The Astigmatina are a "cohort" of mites.
Males will generally have fewer lateral brown markings on the abdomen than females.
Anelosimus jabaquara was first described by Herbert W. Levi in 1956.
There is no recent information on any of the five described species from south east Asia.
Sataria is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
As of 2017, it contains 8 species.
Passaloglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
The females are 15 mm but can reach 25 mm, and the males are 10 mm.
Gamaselliphis is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
No study has been published on the genus since its first description.
Some species are termed Australian funnel-web spider, being highly venomous members of the Hexathelidae family.
Arrangement of stridulatory spines prolaterally on maxilla.
Raillietia flechtmanni Faccini, Leite & da-Costa, 1992
Agelena australis is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
Copocrossa is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Flour mites are intentionally inoculated into Mimolette cheese to improve the flavor.
When they enter human habitations, usually with the onset of cooler weather in autumn, they usually remain on the floor.
It was imported from Greece and released in the US state of Texas in 1989.
Anokopsis is a genus of jumping spiders.
Calocheiridius elegans is a species of pseudoscorpion in the genus Calocheiridius.
A few species are endemic to several Caribbean islands.
Centruroides farri is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Rarahu nitida.
The adult males of these spiders reach 4–5 millimetres of length, while females are 7–8 millimetres long.
Females have a body length of about 10 millimetres, while the male is much smaller, being only 3–4 mm long.
Like most tarantulas, they will eat anything they can overpower, which is usually insects, but small lizards and rodents may also be consumed.
The flour mite, which is pale greyish white in colour with pink legs, is the most common species of mite in foodstuffs.
The eye arrangement is two rows of eight eyes each.
The oil from the red velvet mite Trombidium grandissimum is used in traditional Indian medicine to treat paralysis. "
It was first described by Peter Jäger and Hirotsugu Ono in 2000.
A small member of the Araneidae family, the orb-weavers, it was previously placed in Tetragnathidae.
Listrophorus neotomae – Florida woodrat; southern Plains woodrat
The placements of Galliena, Plectophanes and Uzakia in Cycloctenidae are tentative only.
The genera Episinus, Spintharus, Thwaitesia and Anelosimus are closely related.
Amblyseius bellend is a species of mite in the Phytoseiidae family.
Crotoniidae are a family of mites of the Holosomata group that may be the first animal lineage to have abandoned sexual reproduction and then re-evolved it.
Oligonychus afrasiaticus, a major pest of the date palm in North Africa and the Middle East; also on grasses, including maize
Trombidium mastigotarsum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
Alopecosa taeniopus is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found from "Greece to China".
Anapistula yungas Rubio & González, 2010 — Argentina
There are many sub-species of this scorpion, 19 of which were described by Fet et al.
Bond & Platnick described the male holotype and female paratype, which were collected in Jefferson County, Alabama, in 1998.
Seiodidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Caves are also altered and polluted so that they cannot support this and other species.
The live in large nests, and are found in disturbed areas.
Cypholaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Araneus marmoreus, commonly called the marbled orb-weaver, is a species of spider belonging to the family Araneidae.
The genus consists of four species endemic to North and South America.
The genus was considerably revised in 2016.
When fried, these spiders are sold on the streets of Cambodia.
They include 22 described genera and at least 83 species.
Myrmozercon is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Napoca is a genus of the jumping spiders found in Israel with only one described species, Napoca insignis.
Also this provides a point of entry where diseases from Aeromonas spp.
Stromatopelma is a genus of arboreal tarantulas which are native to Central Africa and parts of West Africa.
It is endemic to Chile and adjacent Argentina, where it is widespread.
The legs display alternating light and dark brown bands.
Mexcala is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The genus was first found and described in the Rhynie chert in the 1920s by Arthur Stanley Hirst and S. Maulik.
Hexura rothi is a species of spider in the Mecicobothriidae family.
It often feeds on Tetramorium caespitum or Lasius platythorax.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Uluella formosa.
Females are 9 mm long, with males slightly smaller.
Damage on grapefruit, for example, takes the form of circular, discolored lesions on the fruit which darken as they become necrotic.
Gibbaranea bituberculata is a species of 'orbweavers' belonging to the family Araneidae, subfamily Araneinae.
Alaskozetes antarcticus is a species of non-parasitic mite, known for its ability to survive in subzero temperatures.
The reason for the name red rump is because of its distinctive red hairs on its abdomen.
Amaurobius ruffoi is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Italy.
Philodromus johani is a spider species found in Greece.
Pardosa thorelli is a wolf spider species found in Norway.
Tarodes is a genus of jumping spiders endemic to the Bismarck Archipel of New Britain.
Also, species can be variable in morphology.
Raft spiders are semi-aquatic and live around acidic bogs and in wet acidic grassland, especially where there are small pools of water.
Gamasolaelaps is a genus of mites belonging to the family Veigaiidae.
Species vary in size from 1 to 3.5 mm in length.
Gluvia dorsalis is the only species of solifugid which lives in Spain and Portugal.
Argyrodella is a monotypic genus of tangle-web spider, containing only the one species, Argyrodella pusillus.
It can be distinguished from similar genera such as Bianor and Sibianor by its sclerotized, bean-shaped abdomen, which overhangs the carapace.
Guaranobunus guaraniticus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Their body color ranges from pale white to yellow, orange, or green; with a pattern of black, orange, and white longitudinal lines.
This genus is closely related to Bianor.
A full grown pinktoe tarantula can grow up to six inches in length.
Most of the 18 described species occur in Australia and New Zealand, with several spread over islands of Oceania, one species even reaching Rapa.
This species is sometimes kept as a pet.
As of March 2017, the genus includes species formerly placed in Haplopelma.
Habronattus viridipes is a species of spiders from a Salticidae family, that can be found in Canada and the United States.
Avicularia avicularia, sometimes called the pinktoe tarantula, is a species of tarantula native from Costa Rica to Brazil and the southern Caribbean.
M. martensii can grow to about 6 centimetres long, with females usually slightly larger, and has a life-span of about 4 to 6 years.
Asternoseiidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Siler is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family, with species occurring in East Asia.
Darwinneon is a genus of jumping spiders, containing only one species, D. crypticus.
Charletonia kalithensis is a species of mites belonging to the family Erythraeidae, first described from Greece.
In the tritonymph stage they can actively transfer from bumblebee to bumblebee from flowers, where they can survive up to 24 hours.
The bites cause the surrounding tissue to die and become necrotic.
Spiderlings of C. versicolor are bright blue, with a black tree trunk pattern on the abdomen.
The entrance to the cave is a protected area, but the land above the cave is urbanized.
Neoacotyledon is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
This combing action frays and tangles the strands, producing a fine, velcro-like netting that ensnares insect legs.
Cornigamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
In Florida, it has been found on the marsh rice rat and hispid cotton rat.
The Grassatores are the most diverse infraorder of the Laniatores.
Males, on the other hand, typically wander in search of insects and females to mate with, having no particular territory.
Anyphaena is a genus of spider belonging to anyphaenid sac spiders or ghost spiders, ordo Araneae.
Mogrus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Because Androlaelaps casalis mites also feed off parasitic mites like Dermanyssus gallinae, individuals with red colored abdomens can be found.
The species has a widespread distribution in central Europe and northwestern Europe and are commonly found on the British Isles.
Jaluiticola is a genus of jumping spiders endemic to the Marshall Islands.
Platybunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
Marchena is the only North American species of Heliophaninae.
This long-legged spider is rather similar to its congeners, but the overall color is grey rather than the more usual brown.
It is used as an agent of biological pest control on invasive species of bindweed, particularly field bindweed.
Olios lepidus is a species of huntsman spider, found in Brazil.
They are quite variable in appearance, ranging from brown to bright orange or green, but they always have the characteristic four white spots on the abdomen.
Philodromus femurostriatus is a spider species found in Greece and Turkey.
Sphaeroseius ecitophilus is a South American species of mite.
Teyl is a genus of nemesiid spiders with four described species, all of which are endemic to Australia.
Grammostola pulchra is a terrestrial tarantula native to Brazil and the north of Uruguay.
If concomitant parasitization with O. attenuata and O. diminuta occurs, alveolar emphysema and more serious ailments can threaten the life of the mammal.
Ceratobunoides is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
They stay at the middle of their web day and night.
It is a tiny spider with a total length of less than 3 mm.
As of 2017, it contains 6 species.
Belgian biologists Robert Bosmans and Jan Bosselaers, from the Rijksuniversiteit Gent organized two expeditions to Mount Cameroon and neighbouring ranges.
Zodarion mallorca is a spider species found in Majorca.
The spiderlings hatch during January and February and disperse into surrounding plants.
Veissella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Boolathana spiralis is one of two species of western Australian spiders in the Trochanteriidae family.
Z. rubidum is up to 5mm in size.
The family consists of two genera, Loxosceles and Sicarius, and contains about 132 species.
Psecas is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Like most Zodariidae, Z. germanicum is an ant-eating spider.
Anelosimus jabaquara is a species of spider found in subtropical, humid, lowland forests in Brazil.
The Mexican redleg or red-legged tarantula is a species of terrestrial tarantula closely related to the famous mexican redknee tarantula.
Araneus quadratus, the four-spot orb-weaver, is a common orb-weaver spider found in Europe and Central Asia, and as far as the Kamchatka Peninsula and Japan.
Pseudomelanopa is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Phidippus californicus is a species of jumping spider.
The name is a portmanteau of Barrow Island and Ammoxenidae.
Conolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Acantholycosa spinembolus is a species of wolf spider only known from the Kholzun Mountain Range in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains.
Macrogradungula moonya is a species of cribellate large spiders endemic to northeastern Queensland, Australia.
Eulaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Haemogamasidae.
Plesiosejus is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
It is the most widely known member of the family Tetranychidae or spider mites.
Males are about four to six millimeters long.
Little is known about the biology of A. picta.
Selenogyrus africanus is a species of tarantula, which is native to the Ivory Coast and is a member of the Selenogyrinae subfamily.
Semiopyla is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Amaurobius pallidus is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Southeastern Europe to Georgia.
Donaldius is a genus of jumping spiders with a single described species, Donaldius lucidus, which is endemic to Panama.
With the exception of the Dyspnoi, representatives of each can be found on every continent except Antarctica.
Its four described species occur from Guatemala to Brazil.
Compared to other widow spiders in the region, the white widow spider is comparatively rare.
The satin black colour and long flexible spinnerets are unmistakable.
Adults males can grow to be 2.5 millimetres to 4 millimetres long.
This tick is generally located in the NW United States and SW Canada along the Rocky Mountains.
Many females can build their webs in close vicinity, and colonies with hundreds of individuals have been observed.
Isopeda is a genus of huntsman spiders occurring in Australia, New Guinea, New Caledonia, and the Philippines.
Poecilotheria bara, or the Lowland ornamental, is an arboreal tarantula.
Laelaps nuttalli – Mus, Ochrotomys, Peromyscus, Rattus, Sciurus
Saaristattus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Avitus is a genus of jumping spiders.
With the description of this new species the genus Chaetopelma now comprises five species.
Theridion braueri Simon, 1898 probably belongs into a different genus; however, Robertia the new name proposed by Saaristo is preoccupied by the mammal-like reptile Robertia.
Distribution: From Australia, found in New Zealand since 1943
It is a member of the Buthidae family.
Dictyna palmgreni is a spider species found in Finland and Russia.
Natta is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Most of the six described species are endemic to Sri Lanka, with one species occurring in Thailand.
The type locality is Government Canyon Bat Cave in the Government Canyon State Natural Area.
Homalattus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
She lays her eggs during late spring and early summer.
The name derives from the Hawaiian word "uwepa," meaning whip.
Among these is the South American social species Anelosimus eximius, among the best studied social spider species.
The species was described in 1895 from a single female, which is five millimeters long.
Ornithoctonus is a genus of old-world tarantulas in the family Theraphosidae.
This spider is identified by its orange front legs and the notable white spots on its back and back legs.
Some researchers consider this genus to belong to a distinct family, the Metidae.
Tridysderina is a genus of goblin spider with six species, all found in Ecuador.
Scorpion stings are painful but are usually harmless to humans.
Unlike the weaver ants, M. plataleoides does not bite people, and indeed seems rather timid.
Triaeris macrophthalmus is a species of spider from the Oonopidae family.
These spiders are usually easily found in Chile.
The family has a cosmopolitan distribution, and contains "generalist predators found on a variety of habitats".
Amaurobius jugorum is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Europe.
Before being mature enough to mate, juvenile females mimic adult females to attract males as prey.
A. gemmoides are useful natural predators for insects.
Antricola marginatus is a species of tick in the family Argasidae.
Acragas longimanus is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas.
Epocilla aurantiaca is a species of jumping spider found from India to Malaysia.
Nhandu tripepii is a spider species, and is a theraphosine theraphosid.
Listrophorus is a genus of parasitic mites in the family Listrophoridae.
Its habitat tends to be grasses and leafy vegetation; grassy, weedy fields, and row crops.
This spider, up to 8 mm in length, is dark brown in colour.
Macmurtryseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Cubanana is a genus of New World tarantula with only one species, Cubanana cristinae.
Euscorpiops is a genus of scorpion in the family Euscorpiidae.
The hub is open and crossed by only one or two threads.
The sub-order this spider is a member of, Mesothelae, is about 400 million years old, placing the kimura spider among the most primitive living spiders.
It was first described by Roewer, in 1955.
They are often small, with a triangular shaped abdomen.
Idiosoma nigrum, also called Black rugose trapdoor spider, occurs only in south-western Australia, in dry woodlands east of the Darling Scarp and north to Moore River.
All the described species occur only in Africa.
It has an extensive range, from central, east and southern Africa to Madagascar.
Adult greenbottles have metallic blue legs, a blue-green carapace and a vibrant orange abdomen.
As a burrowing species, the back legs are very thick and used for digging burrows.
Many gardeners are bitten by protective Palystes mothers during this period.
The carapaces of both sexes are orange-brown with dark brown mottling, and covered with dark brown and whitish hairs lying over the surface.
The genus has only one species, Megaloastia mainae.
Dysdera alentejana is a spider species found in Portugal.
Scorpiops atomatus Qi, Zhu & Lourenço, 2005
Ticks have four stages to their lifecycle, namely egg, larva, nymph, and adult.
Like other jumping spiders, it has vision more acute than a cat and ten times more acute than a dragonfly.
Phidippus borealis is a species of jumping spider which occurs in Canada and the United States.
Goleba is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
The Ogoveidae are a family of harvestmen with three described species in one genus, Ogovea, which is found in tropical rain forests of equatorial West Africa.
Males usually live about 5 years or up to 12 months after the last molt.
Echinonyssus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
The carapace of the female is dark reddish brown anteriorly and somewhat lighter on the thorax.
In its distribution range it is the most commonly found species of its genus.
The chelicerae are enormously enlarged in males of the subfamily Megalopsalidinae.
Liopagus simplex is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Dysdera is a genus of spiders from the family Dysderidae.
The whole carapace is densely covered with white hair.
It may originally have been imported into Kew Gardens.
The genus was first described by Ludwig Carl Christian Koch in 1875.
Zygiella is a spider genus in the family Araneidae.
Anelosimus kohi is a species of spider in the family Theridiidae.
Lasaeola prona is a tangle web spider species with Holarctic distribution.
It is the smallest species in the genus.
Pronematus is a genus of mites belonging to the family Tydeidae.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Barrowammo waldockae.
Local effects from the sting can include pain, redness, itching, and swelling.
The fine hairs that cover the animal are mostly upright and black on the legs, and largely orange or white on the body.
It is found in Poland, Switzerland and France.
Unlike most other spiders, P. candidus lives socially at one stage: Spiderlings live together in a nest built on foliage until they reach the subadult stage.
Acragas humaitae is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas.
It has been described by Wang, in 1997.
Agorius is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
During the larvae and nymph stages, the tick will not feed on humans but the adult stage will.
The eight eyes are in two rows.
Abrolophus mirabelae is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae.
Paradentobunus aureomaculatus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The Ceratolasmatidae are a family of harvestmen with eleven described species.
Bassaniana floridana is a species of spider under the Bassaniana genus found in the U.S.
Synothele pectinata Raven, 1994 — Western Australia
They are a moderate sized scorpion, attaining lengths of 10 cm.
Leptus pozzoicus is a species of mite.
Draculoides neoanthropus Harvey, Berry, Edward & Humphreys, 2008
Gnaphosa moesta is a ground spider species found in Hungary, Romania, Ukraine and Russia.
Its carapace is orange-brown, dark around the eyes and covered with numerous white hairs.
This dark-coloured, long-legged spider is about 7.5 mm in length.
However, much can be inferred about L. zacheri by studying L. konoi, the latter of which is known to thrive in humid environments.
Eventually, over 23 species across the Pacific were found.
The adult male has brown legs, and the carapace a dull rose grey, while the female is unknown.
Ischyropoda is a genus of mites in the family Haemogamasidae.
Aceria malherbae is a species of gall mite known as the bindweed gall mite.
They are known commonly as the lesser thick-tailed scorpions.
Zodarion is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
It is roughly 5 millimetres in length.
This spider has shown solely cursorial hunting behaviour, as opposed to web-spinning methods of prey capture, when reared in lab conditions.
It is considered new to the fauna of Latvia since 2009.
The name is derived from the type locality.
They are active very early and adults can already be encountered from April.
Clubiona andreinii is a sac spider species found in Italy.
Raillietia is a genus of mites placed in its own family, Railletiidae, in the order Mesostigmata.
It is thought to be the most widely dispersed species of the Mesobuthus genus, perhaps even of the family Buthidae.
Macracantha arcuata is a species of orb-weaver spider in the Gasteracantha genus.
Zodarion andalusiacum is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
Poecilochirus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Knemidokoptes pilae is a mite which parasitises the beaks of psittacines, particularly budgerigars, causing a mange known as 'scaly face'.
Pardosa nigriceps is a species of wolf spider in the family Lycosidae.
As such, it is classified as a nepenthephile.
Trombidium susteri is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
The genus name refers to a characteristic pointed projection between the eyes and jaws of males.
Neotrombicula is a subgenus of mites in the family Trombiculidae.
The genus name is combined of Ancient Greek pseudo "false" and the salticid genus name Plexippus.
The last two leg joints have brushes of hairs that extend sideways, particularly on the front legs, giving them a spoon-like appearance.
It is closely related to Anelosimus biglebowski.
Raillietia acevedoi Quintero-Martinez, Bassols-Batalla & DaMassa, 1992
They grow to a size of 2–5.5 millimetres.
It has multiple common names: Hackled Mesh Weaver, hacklemesh weaver, night spider, and tangled nest spider.
The word kumo in Japanese means spider.
Aculus is a genus of mites, including the following species:
The monotypic genus Taivala is thought to be closely related.
Its venom is neurotoxic and cardiotoxic, causing the release of catecholamines.
Two species in this genus, B. celebensis and B. madagascarensis, were originally described as members of the genus Macopaeus.
Ammotrechidae are a family of solifuges distributed in the Americas and the Caribbean Islands.
Tuvaphantes is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Amatorculus is a genus of the jumping spiders, with two described species from Brazil.
Lychas ceylonensis is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Its large size allows it to feed easily on other scorpions and a variety of other prey, including lizards and snakes.
It was first described in 1996 by Saaristo & Tanasevitch.
The cobalt blue tarantula, scientific name Cyriopagopus lividus, is a tarantula species that is native to Myanmar and over the border into Thailand.
This very small oval, eyeless mite is around 250 μm in length with a soft body covered in striations.
The hunting tactics of Portia are versatile and adaptable.
The largest family is Gonyleptidae Sundevall, 1833, endemic of the Neotropics, with over 800 valid species and showing many cases of maternal and paternal care.
Halarachnidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
This species is present in most of Europe and in Central Asia.
The male of this species is 2.5 millimetres long.
M. typica from Vietnam is four mm long.
Brommella falcigera is a spider species found in Europe.
Parabuthus transvaalicus is a species of venomous scorpion from dry parts of southern Africa.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Damoetas nitidus.
Peplometus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Acanthopelma is a genus of spiders in the family Theraphosidae.
Amblyomma patinoi is a species of tick of the genus Amblyomma.
Leg I is the strongest, while leg IV the longest.
It is found in woodland areas where it spins orb webs in vegetation, or is a keptoparasite in red-legged golden orb-web spider webs.
They are thermophilous, with males as well as females being most active on hot days.
Semorina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Orthadenella is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
Some species of Enantiobuninae have blue pigmentation, which is rather unusual in harvestmen.
Then a few days later she actively encourages her offspring to devour her.
Zodarion christae is a spider species found in Greece.
Phryganoporus is a spider genus in the family Desidae.
They at one point also held the name Liochelidae.
There are four subspecies, one or more of which might be separate species.
The underside of the abdomen of the Rabbit Hutch Spider reveals a most interesting pattern resembling the infinity sign.
Anystidae is a family of mites, based on the genus Anystis.
Both sexes have very long legs, with a distinct elongated apophysis that reaches almost to the end of the tibia.
The spider surrounds tunnels also with a cobweb.
M. fuscus is known only from a single female, which is about 6 mm long.
These small, primarily brown spiders have a leg-span of up to 1.75 inches.
Nesticus silvestrii is a scaffold web spiders species in the genus Nesticus found in the United States.
Alopecosa strandi is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Romania and Ukraine.
It can only be separated from its closest congeners by details of the genitalia.
Metaphidippus mandibulatus is a species of spider in the family Salticidae from Costa Rica.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Nesticodes rufipes, the red house spider.
Sessiluncus is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Males have irregular coils at the terminal end while females have screw like copulatory ducts.
Males mature in one to two months depending on the form.
It occurs in the Middle East, North Africa and Europe.
However, they mostly catch fish by diving down or lying in wait until prey passes within striking distance.
The coloration includes a brown to red abdomen marked with a series of black-bordered white or cream triangles.
Dictyna saltona is a species of spider in the Dictynidae family.
Females also possess a considerably larger, almost swollen abdomen after their sixth molt.
Zygoballus optatus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in Panama.
Sicarius bites have been experimentally shown as lethal to rabbits within 5 to 12 hours.
Both sexes are notable for the very long setae on the margins of the body and on the fourth pair of legs.
Myrmecium bifasciatum is an ant-mimicking spider species found in Brazil and French Guiana.
There is some evidence that it may be associated with dermatitis in humans.
Theridion logan is a species of spider in the family Theridiidae.
Like its relative D. crocata, this spider uses its disproportionately huge chelicerae to kill woodlice, as well as silverfish, earwigs, millipedes, beetles, and even centipedes.
Previously described as Avicularia avicularia variegata, it is synonymous with Avicularia bicegoi.
His drawings suggest that A. formicaria might belong to Orsima.
It is endemic to Seychelles, where it is known from the islands of Silhouette, Praslin, and La Digue.
It is the type species of its genus.
All sixteen species occur on the West Indies.
It has been recorded on the marsh rice rat in Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina.
The species name is Latin for "scaly".
Zodarion vicinum is a spider species found in England and Italy.
It is a member of the Argiope genus and is also known as the silver argiope.
Draculoides mesozeirus Harvey, Berry, Edward & Humphreys, 2008
Jacobsonia is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Iridescent blue in color, P. sazimai is native to an ecological island within the Chapada Diamantina National Park in Bahia, Brazil.
Tamerlan Thorell renamed it Rhene in 1869 so that it would not be confused with a beetle genus that was also named Rhanis.
Onomastus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It is a pest on pistachio, citrus, pomegranate, walnuts, grapes, and ornamental plants.
These impart a distinctive "piquant" taste to various cheeses.
Their intra- and interfamilial relationships are contentious.
They occur today in west-central Africa and the Neotropical region.
The species was described from a single male in 1895.
Sonoita lightfooti is a spider species of the Salticidae family.
The female gives birth to a litter of 25 to 35 young, with litters of 91 recorded.
Attulus is a genus of jumping spiders.
Bryantella is a genus of jumping spiders.
Males can be found mostly during summer, females are active until November in Central Europe.
Hottentotta finneganae is a species of scorpion, belonging to the family Buthidae.
Due to the species' similarities to B. smithi, it was not considered a distinct species until 1992.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Pasiasula eidmanni, found on Bioko.
Upon their discovery, the genus was given the name Nihoa, because it was thought to exist nowhere else.
Argyrodes fissifrontellus is a species of tangle-web spider that is endemic to the Seychelles, and can be found on Mahé and Silhouette islands.
The condition has been described as like burns from fire on the skin, with a 'burning' itching sensation, hence the word 'Pyro' in 'pyroglyphidae'.
It is marked with small, white and orange markings on its abdomen near its cephalothorax.
The and the legs are glossy reddish-brown or light brown, except the jaws, that are much darker.
Bassaniana ora is a species of spider under the Bassaniana genus.
The Pseudogarypidae are a small family of pseudoscorpions.
Reckiacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Cooked correctly, C. albostriatus is edible and is high in protein.
The Chilean recluse spider is a venomous spider, Loxosceles laeta, of the family Sicariidae.
Heterozerconidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Their large eyes reflect light well, so they are sometimes hunted at night using a flashlight.
Pseudopoda spirembolus is a species of huntsman spider found in Japan.
Mallos is a spider genus belonging to the Dictynidae family.
This is a medium-sized scorpion with a total length of around 50 mm.
Psyllacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Myostola is a spider genus in the family Theraphosidae, with the sole species Myostola occidentalis, found in Gabon and Cameroon.
Species occur in the Americas from Argentina to the southern United States.
It is also known as the Carinated bark scorpion or African yellow-leg scorpion.
In their larval stage, they attach to various animals, including humans, and feed on skin, often causing itching.
Lepidemathis is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The males may be mistaken for brown recluses because the two have similar coloration and body structure.
Paracyrba is a genus of jumping spiders found only in Malaysia.
Haplopelma hainanum, primarily found on Hainan Island, off the southeastern coast of China
Letoia is a genus of jumping spiders endemic to Venezuela.
The species is associated with the northern part of the Inter-Andean valley of Peru.
Pardosa agricola is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found from Europe to Kazakhstan .
These spiders reach about 5mm in size.
It is very similar to the closely related O. domesticus, but has four tibial spine pairs instead of five.
Terralonus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Acarapis woodi is an internal parasite of honey bees, originally described from the Isle of Wight.
They show extreme sexual dimorphism and males are only 10% of the female in size and as a result become victims of sexual cannibalism.
The adult mites are about 0.385 millimeters long, have eight legs with combs instead of claws, and have palpi that end in prominent hooks.
Celaenia is a spider genus in the family Araneidae.
Clubiona saltuum is a sac spider species found in Austria.
Unlike many other zodariid spiders, it is active during the day.
They are often found on warm walls, rocks and tree trunks.
Tartarus mullamullangensis, informally known as the Mullamullang cave spider, is a palm-sized, long-legged cave spider from Western Australia.
Its five described species occur from Borneo to Queensland.
Although this species is often rumoured to be communal, housing them in groups will almost inevitably lead to cannibalism over time.
They are known to lure in their victims through the process of stationization, the act of remaining in a trance-like state until moment of attack.
They are lightly pigmented, from yellowish brown to light mauvish gray, with three chevron markings on the rear upper part of their abdomen.
The most common and widespread species is P. superciliosus, found in South Africa, home to 12 species in the genus.
Historically, redberry mite has been most damaging to blackberry varieties such as Chester, which mature later in the summer.
These spiders are 8 to 12 mm long, with long and slender legs.
The species formerly consisted of three subspecies, two of which were elevated to full species status in 2014.
Cheiracanthium is a genus of spiders in the Eutichuridae family.
Fedrizziidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
The subspecies G. muscorum gaunitzi is found in Sweden and Russia.
Oobunus schizops is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
This family is sometimes incorrectly referred to as the venomous funnel-web tarantulas, due to the inclusion of the Australian funnel-web spiders, including the Sydney funnel-web spider.
It can change its color between white and yellow to match the flower it is sitting on.
Blattisocius apisassociae is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae.
The carapace is greyish brown with a yellowish brown central area and a black margin.
The species is of a bright yellow color, with a body length of less than 3mm, males being a bit smaller.
It was first described by Roewer, in 1955.
Phidippus princeps is a rare species of jumping spider found in Canada and the United States.
Maratus nigromaculatus is a species of the genus Maratus, an Australian member of the jumping spider family.
They are ectoparasites of a wide range of host species, and some are vectors of disease.
This dark-colored species is almost round in appearance.
Dasycyptus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Spiders of this genus are dark coloured without any clear patterning.
Cervibunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
It is endemic to Texas in the United States, where it lives in subterranean limestone caves in Travis and Williamson Counties.
Females in A. remotus reach a body length of about 15 mm, males at the most 11 mm.
Trombidium latum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
The term Sarcoptes canis appears in older references, but is now usually described as Sarcoptes scabiei var.
It is the only genus of crab spider that is able to produce a high-pitched sound by rubbing its mandibles together, resembling a scream.
It is a relatively docile species of tarantula, and is considered by some to be a communal species.
Zealanapis australis is a spider species in the genus Zealanapis found in New Zealand.
The Monoscutidae are closely related to the Neopilionidae, which also occur in the Southern hemisphere.
It is mainly found in warm but not too dry savannahs, where it lives under rocks, logs and other ground items.
While it was formerly believed that it sucks body fluid from its host, coloring experiments have shown that this is false.
Zodarion costablancae is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
It is the type species of the genus Bagheera, which includes three other species, including B. prosper.
Sphaerolichidae is a mite family in the suborder Sphaerolichida.
O. canestrinii probably originates from Italy, but has invaded central Europe since the late 1970 and has since almost everywhere replaced the similar O. parietinus.
The body is rather thin, the flat abdomen broadens a little bit near the end.
Males are generally smaller than 2 mm; females are unknown.
In the females the basic color is mainly brownish or greyish, with darker markings.
The males are from 0.33–0.43 millimetres long and the female is from 0.36–0.66 mm long.
The species name was first published in 1901 by Frederick Octavius Pickard-Cambridge.
The legs have pale rings and differ from other Sibirocosa species by having a smaller number of ventral tibial spines.
Draculoides bramstokeri was first described in 1995.
The movement of an insect against these threads is detected by the spider which then rushes out and captures the insect.
Hypoaspis is well adapted to moist conditions in greenhouses in a variety of growing media, but does not tolerate standing water.
The specific epithet is a tribute to cave biology specialist Robert W. Mitchell.
Admesturius schajovskoyi is a species of spider classified as a family of the jumping spider.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1992 by Piel.
It has hairy legs which are typically dark in color with a black carapace.
There are species with eight, six and no eyes.
Pirata is a genus of wolf spiders, commonly known as pirate wolf spiders.
Immatures usually infest small mammals and birds that dwell on the ground; cotton rats may be particularly favored hosts.
The genus is native to tropical South America.
The females of P. brevipes have a body length of 11 to 13 mm, and the males are about 10.8 mm.
Anatemnus seychellesensis is a species of pseudoscorpions that is endemic to the Seychelles, and is known from a single specimen from Silhouette Island.
These nicknames reference a particular orange colour form that is prized in the hobby for its beauty and confrontational personality.
Scatoglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Prior to its description in 1995 three experts have examined the specimen which is preserved in the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle.
This species is one of larger members of the eusthenura group of the genus Hoffmannius, which also includes Hoffmannius coahuilae and H. confusus.
Idiosoma is a genus of trapdoor spiders in the family Idiopidae with three species, found only in Western Australia.
It is black, with two cream spots on the cephalothorax.
Metazaleptus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Genetic evidence supports the idea that this monophyletic genus evolved in Australia and through subsequent movements spread into parts of Asia and Pacific islands.
Members of the genus Diguetia usually build their webs in shrubs or between cactus pads.
In 2003, a species was found in China.
Ixodes arboricola, also called the tree-hole tick, is a species of tick that parasitises small passerine birds.
It is one of a number of species from China and Vietnam known as "Chinese bird spider".
There are few external distinguishing marks and it can only be distinguished with certainty from related species by details of the genitalia.
In 1937, members of the species were sited in Lankaran, Azerbaijan.
Hyllus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Box kite spiders is a common name for the Afrotropical Isoxya genus of orb-weaver spiders.
Females are most similar to those of A. centralis, but are distinguished by the narrow fundus of the spermathecae.
This species is present in most of Europe east to Kazakhstan.
Lycinus tofo is a mygalomorph spider of Chile, named after its type locality: El Tofo, Elqui, Region IV.
Troglohyphantes gracilis, one of several species to be occasionally called Kočevje subterranean spider, is a species of spider in the Linyphiidae family.
Euoplos is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in various geographical locations in Australia and some species are found in Tasmania.
Acantholycosa plumalis is a species of wolf spider only known from the vicinity of Lake Teletskoye in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains.
Two other species have previously been recognized: Albionella guianensis, regarded as a dubious name, and Albionella chickeringi, now placed in the genus Mago as Mago checkeringi.
Ozyptila gertschi is a crab spider species with Holarctic distribution.
In the females the red mask is missing.
The spider is nocturnal and lives in forests.
This genus is very similar to Bathippus.
Like other members of this genus, this species is a kleptoparasite, living on the web of a larger spider and feeding off its prey.
The genus name is derived in part from Greek ancylo-, meaning "crooked, bent".
Nelima is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Heptathela is a genus of spiders that includes the Kimura spider.
It hunts by ambushing its prey from shrubs, trees, and bamboo about two to four meters above the ground.
Most acarines are minute to small, but the largest Acari may reach lengths of 10–20 millimetres.
There are few external distinguishing marks although the male has a light coloured heart-shaped mark and two rows of white spots on the abdomen.
It occurs in most of India, eastern Pakistan and the eastern lowlands of Nepal., and recently from Sri Lanka.
Leptotrombidium mites are therefore both vector and reservoir for O. tsutsugamushi.
In the case of P. audax, these chelicerae are a bright, metallic green or blue.
Synothele lowei Raven, 1994 — Western Australia
Stamfordia is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Labidostomma aethiopica is a species of mite belonging to the family Labidostommatidae.
Anelosimus agnar is a species of spider in the family Theridiidae.
Hottentotta jabalpurensis is a species of scorpion, belonging to the family Buthidae.
Z. germanicum is up to 5 mm in size.
Philodromus catagraphus is a spider species found in Spain.
Laelaspoides is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Acanthoscurria theraphosoides is a species of spider from the family Theraphosidae, found in Peru, Bolivia, Brazil, and French Guiana.
Ebo latithorax Keyserling, 1884 — USA, Canada
Allococalodes is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
Also known in the United States as the Chilean tarantula, is a common species of tarantula available in American and European pet stores today.
Pseudopoda is a genus of huntsman spiders occurring in Asia.
Their eyesight is excellent and very useful in their way of hunting.
Iphiseiodes is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Circocylliba is a genus of mites in the order Mesostigmata, placed in its own family, Circocyllibamidae.
Some common names are tube web spider or cellar spider, although neither are exclusive to this species.
The Sydney huntsman was described by Ludwig Carl Christian Koch in 1867 as Delena immanis, the specimen collected in Brisbane.
Of all 150 salticid genera known from Australia and the entire Pacific, only Chalcotropis, Donoessus and Panysinus resemble Xenocytaea.
The subfamily Parasitinae is normally found in nests of small animals or insects or in decaying organic matter, from seaweed to forest litter.
The genus was first described by Pierre André Latreille in 1804.
Females range in size from 2.05 to 2.40 millimetres.
Gnaphosa lonai is a ground spider species found in Italy.
The Ammoxenidae are a small spider family with 18 species in four genera.
In their larval stage, they attach to various animals, including humans, and feed on skin, often causing itching.
It is commonly known as the vampire spider.
Leiobunum blackwalli is a species of harvestman.
More species are expected to be discovered.
Phidippus mystaceus is a species of jumping spider that is found in North America.
It is found in the United States.
Synothele durokoppin Raven, 1994 — Western Australia
The body length ranges from 17 to 25 mm.
Tulpius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The species was first described in 1878 by the German arachnologist Ludwig Carl Christian Koch.
Metarthrodes Roewer, 1913 – includes Exochobunus Mello-Leitão, 1931, Heterampheres Mello-Leitão, 1935, Varzellinia Mello-Leitão, 1942 and Kapichaba Mello-Leitão, 1942
Pignus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Zodarion aurorae is a species found in Romania.
Those that stay behind populate the colony as it expands.
It was first described by Ludwig Koch in 1875.
Paraplatoides is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Wedoquella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family from South America.
Its only described species, Stichius albomaculatus, was found in Sumatra.
Yamangalea is a spider genus of the Salticidae family, found in New Guinea and northern Australia.
Pachygnatha zappa is a spider named after musician Frank Zappa because of its unique markings which resemble his famous moustache.
Anelosimus luckyi is a species of spider found in Papua New Guinea.
This spider is commonly found in the Philippines, where it is commonly used for spider fighting.
All species except one, which is endemic to Java, occur only on Sri Lanka.
Eophrynus is an extinct genus of arachnids from the extinct order Trigonotarbida, which lived during the Late Carboniferous period in Europe.
The ability of vision is absent in these huntsman spiders due to their prevalence in dark caves and it has no requirement of vision for hunting.
The Samooidea are closely related to Zalmoxoidea, although the exact relationships are not yet understood.
It includes some of the smallest known araneid orb-weavers.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1900 by simon.
Mendoza is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
P. labiata females are extremely aggressive to other females, trying to invade and take over each other's webs, which often results in cannibalism.
The spider hunts on the ground and often gets caught in pitfall traps.
Males may sever parts of their palpal bulbs after copulation.
Brigittea innocens is spider species found in Italy, Eastern Mediterranean and Kazakhstan.
Described in 1883 by Keyserling as Ergane nigromaculata from a specimen from Rockhampton, they are found in Queensland.
The tarantula spider Acanthoscurria brocklehursti, was a species described by F. O. Pickard-Cambridge.
They spin small webs from which they hang upside down and attract male moths that fly into a basket formed by their legs.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1922 by Mello-Leitão.
Segestria is a genus of segestriid spiders that occur mainly in Eurasia.
Hylyphantes is a genus of linyphiid spiders.
Nesticus is a scaffold web spiders genus in the family Nesticidae found in America and Eurasia.
Gnathopalystes is a genus of huntsman spiders in the family Sparassidae.
It occurs only on the Galapagos Islands.
They are very similar to Philodromus species, but they can mainly be distinguished by differences in the eyes.
The legs are relatively short compared with spiders of the related genera Acantholycosa and Sibirocosa.
Philodromus monitae is a spider species found in Greece.
As water mites of Africa, Asia, and South America have not been well-studied, the numbers are likely to be far greater.
The name derives from the location it was discovered.
They require a lot of moisture, along with ample ventilation to prevent molds from developing.
Trombidium cancelai is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
They are reddish and slow-moving and normally feed near the midrib or veins on the underside of leaves.
The family is small and is confined to the New World, where it is usually found in deserts.
Like all tarantulas, and almost all other spiders, this species is not considered dangerous to people.
It is native to Tanzania, having only been found in the Udzungwa Scarp Forest Reserve and Mazumbai Forest Reserve.
The species is endemic to Mahé Island, Silhouette Island and Praslin Island of Seychelles.
It is known only from a single female specimen collected in Tigre, Buenos Aires.
This is accompanied by the Pinna-Pedal-Reflex that appears as reflex scratching motions of the hind limb when the ear is manipulated.
It was introduced to the northwestern United States and Hawaii in the 1990s, where it is now established in gorse.
Jerzego alboguttata is a spider species of the Salticidae family.
This long-oval shaped, sparsely hairy orange mite is less than 1 mm in length with one pair of eyes set well back on the body.
These spiders construct a dome of fine silk and hang upside-down under it, waiting for their prey.
The Cranaidae are a family of neotropical harvestmen within the suborder Laniatores.
It is considered the most dangerous scorpion in Brazil.
Species are called also chiggers, scrub itch-mite.
Males and females look alike, females larger.
Phausina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Acomatacarus is a genus of mites in the family Trombiculidae.
It is composed of the extant orders Thelyphonida, Schizomida, Amblypygi and Araneae.
Pseudofluda is a genus of jumping spiders found in Brazil.
The patellae and tibiae have distinct angles rather than being rounded.
Plectreurys castanea is a species of spider.
It occurs in Tasmania, New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria, Australia.
It is also found on Wrangel Island and may also occur on the Seward Peninsula at the western extremity of Alaska.
Acragas miniaceus is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas.
The Linnean name derives from ornithos and doros, meaning "bird" and "gift", respectively.
The prosoma is variable in color, ranging from light to reddish brown and from gray to black.
Tolus is a genus of harvestman in family Phalangodidae with the sole described species Tolus appalachius.
Alcimochthes is a genus of crab spider found in China, Vietnam, Singapore, Taiwan and Japan.
Its single described species, Lamotella longipes, is found in Guinea.
They are found across Australia and New Zealand, with some species occupying the Auckland Islands and one found exclusively on Snares Island.
Myonyssoides is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Mongolicosa glupovi is a species of wolf spider found in the Russian republics of Altai, Khakassia and Tuva.
Acantholycosa altaiensis is a species of wolf spider only known from the Tigiretsky Mountain Range in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains.
Sason is a genus of mygalomorph bark-dwelling trapdoor spiders of the family Barychelidae.
Since they are attracted by carbon dioxide, dry ice may be used for their collection, or they may be sifted from the soil.
Pardosa drenskii is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Bulgaria.
They are found in moist sandy areas.
These lesions most commonly occur on the neck, shoulders, and armpit of cattle; however, sometimes they also appear on the udder.
Pireneitega ovtchinnikovi is an araneomorph spider species found in Russia, Abkhazia and Georgia.
It is known as a tailless whipscorpion because of the long whip-legs that are the majority of its body width.
It was first described in 1902 by F. O. Pickard-Cambridge.
T. tenuis is usually found in low vegetation, moss, and leaf litter.
Agelena doris is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
The Amphinectidae are a spider family with about 180 described species in 35 genera.
Unusually for a tick, A. marginatus shows maternal care of its offspring.
and the taxonomy of these spiders is likely to change.
The Lichen Huntsman Spider, Pandercetes gracilis, is a spider found in Queensland, Australia, as well as New Guinea, Maluku Islands, and Sulawesi.
If the males survive the first copulation, then they almost always die during the second attempt.
It is also known as the Mombasa golden starburst tarantula.
The cephalothorax is black with a white pattern on the back, and a yellow underside; the abdomen is grey to brown.
Holcolaetis is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
It is larger, and a total length of 35.05 millimetres), and differs from A. brunneus by its uniformly colored abdomen.
They mainly feed on the body fluids of dead arthropods.
Philodromus micans is a spider species found in Germany and Eastern Europe.
This is a large, oval mite with a total length of 1.7 mm.
Hemicloea rogenhoferi is a moderately large spider with a distinctively flattened body for squeezing into narrow spaces under bark.
Cyatholipidae live mostly in moist, montane forests.
Badumna is a genus of spiders from Australasia.
The species was originally described from a single male in 1907, which is about six millimeters long, and said to be close to Harmochirus.
Helvetia semialba is a species of jumping spiders only found in Brazil.
This species appears to be dependent on some of the conditions associated with wildfires as it is absent or rarely collected in harvest-origin stands.
Phoneyusa rutilata, or the West African gray baboon spider, is a member of the tarantula family, Theraphosidae.
Steatoda bipunctata rarely exceeds 7mm in length and there are no known instances of envenomation.
The pest is barely visible without the aid of a magnifier and is rarely noticed until discoloured foliage is found on an affected tree.
Centruroides chiapanensis is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Achaearanea is a genus of spiders in the Theridiidae family.
Gnaphosa jucunda is a ground spider species found in Russia and Ukraine.
The name Tetragnatha is derived from Greek, tetra a numerical prefix referring to four and gnatha meaning "jaw".
Eriophyes tiliae is a mite that forms the lime nail gall or bugle gall.
In older works they are sometimes referred to as Podogona.
This spider has a very slim, elongated body around 16 mm in length.
This, and related species produce a venom that contains a group of insecticidal acylpolyamines, insecticidal peptide, and a group of neurotoxins.
Leucauge subblanda is one of several species of orchard spider found in Russia, China, Korea, Taiwan, and Japan.
Common names used include black furry, black tarantula and Middle East gold.
Habronattus jucundus is a species of spider in the family Salticidae, found in the U.S. and Canada.
The Phalangodoidea are a superfamily of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with three recognized families and 220 species.
A well-fed female lays about 50 eggs in her lifetime.
Its general appearance was later redescribed by Murphy and Murphy.
Synothele yundamindra Raven, 1994 — Western Australia
It is recorded in the checklist of Danish spider species.
The spider genus Nuctenea belongs to the Araneidae family.
Scorpiops pococki Qi, Zhu & Lourenço, 2005
Its sole described species, Arachnotermes termitophilus, is only found in Brazil.
They lack the hard scutum present in the hard ticks.
The epigyne is separated from that of A. fenestralis by the outlines of the spermathecaa which extend well ahead of the anterior margin.
Odontobuthus doriae, the Yellow Iranian scorpion, is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Buthidae.
Their excellent night-vision adapted posterior median eyes allow them to cast this net over potential prey items.
Liropilio is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
Itata is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Although only 25 species are currently described, many others have been collected.
Psilogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Myrmarachne striatipes is a jumping spider that mimics an ant.
The spiders' cephalothoraxes and proximal leg segments are usually darker, mostly reddish or reddish brown.
The two sexes are quite similar, except for slender abdomen of males.
Agelena lukla is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
This species is found in India, Sri Lanka, China and many parts of Southeast Asia.
It was one of only seven described species of Aptostichus until 2012, when it was joined by Bono's Joshua Tree trapdoor spider and 32 other species.
This small genus is very close to Bianor; it seems to replace it where Bianor itself is missing, especially in rainforest habitats.
In 2012, Norman I. Platnick and co-authors described the genus Triaeris as "an enigma wrapped around a mystery".
Eriophyes padi is a gall-forming mite that causes cherry pouch galls on black cherry trees.
Globulosoma is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Zodarion barbarae is a spider species found in Greece.
Evarcha culicivora is a species of jumping spider found only around Lake Victoria in Kenya and Uganda.
The Varroa mite can only reproduce in a honey bee colony.
Gahniacarus is a genus of flat mites in the family Tenuipalpidae, containing the following species:
One species of interest is Oecobius civitas.
They catch their prey during the day and at night and are also active on warm winter days.
The species of Sosippus seem to have diverged relatively recently in geologic time.
It is found in South America, Central America and Trinidad.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1949 by Lodovico di Caporiacco.
Pachygnatha clerckoides is a spider species found in Bulgaria and Macedonia.
Stanwellia hoggi is a ground spider, found in New South Wales, Australia.
It has a southern European – Central Asian distribution, extending as far west as the Spanish Sierra Nevada and the Canary Islands.
It is normally found in sunlit, grassy areas.
Females have a maximum body length of 10 mm, while males grow to 9 mm.
Ummidia picea is a trapdoor spider species found in Spain.
Blattisocius quadridentatus is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae.
There are pale bands on the carapace and a reddish heart-shaped mark on the abdomen although all body markings are poorly defined.
Alopecosa females make a burrow in which they deposit their egg sac.
Tauala is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It has not been found since, and has been declared extinct.
It also frequently feeds on horses and humans.
Each female lays up to 50 eggs which hatch after 2–5 days.
There is evidence that the winter tick may be responsible for a steep decline in the Eastern moose population throughout the southern half of their range.
Filistata is a genus of spiders that occurs mainly in Eurasia up to North Africa and the Canary Islands, with one species found in Mexico.
Trombidium rimosum is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
Laelaps multispinosa – Castor, Didelphis, Microtus, Mustela, Neovison, Ondatra, Peromyscus, Procyon
The genus Gradungula lives in forest litter.
Major groups of species occur in the Brazilian Atlantic forest, Bolivian/Peruvian highlands, Argentina and Chilean temperate forest.
Spilargis is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Cycetogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Saloca kulczynskii is a species of spider that can be found in such European countries as Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, and Slovakia.
Dwarf tarantulas, also known as sheet funnel-web spiders are a type of spider from the family Mecicobothriidae.
It feeds on the plants' buds, forms galls, and transmits a virus which causes blackcurrant reversion disease.
Clubiona corticalis, the bark sac spider, is a species of spider belonging to the family Clubionidae.
Its habit of living on the ceilings of rooms, caves, garages or cellars gives rise to one of its common names.
Tityus pintodarochai is a species of scorpion belonging to the family Buthidae.
Zodarion abantense is a spider species found in Greece.
Currently there are two described living species.
Philodromus lividus is a spider species found in Europe and North Africa.
Bullobunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Sinopoda forcipata is a species of spider in the family Sparassidae.
Sinolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Once considered all species are endemic to Sri Lanka, however, in 2016, another species was discovered from Philippines.
It thrives with temperatures of 80/85 °F with 75/80% humidity levels.
One feeding bout can double its abdominal volume.
Zodarion pseudoelegans is a spider species found in Spain, France and Ibiza.
In Singapore, it is often seen in webs of Nephila antipodiana.
Graeophonus is related to the modern African genus Paracharon and has been placed in the same family, Paracharontidae.
Eucratoscelus constrictus is a species of tarantula belonging to the family Theraphosidae.
Cheiracanthium angulitarse is a spider species found in Europe.
Some species occur outside this region, in India, China, Vietnam and Japan.
Uroballus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The venom of Euscorpius species is generally very weak, with effects similar to a mosquito bite.
Cicurina cicur is a spider species found in Europe to Central Asia.
Theraphosinae is a large subfamily of Mygalomorphae spiders in the Theraphosidae family found if the Neotropical ecozone.
The male is darker and hairier than the female with dark red markings.
Amaurobius sciakyi is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Italy.
The fovea is typically strongly procurved and in some species surrounds a distinct protuberance.
The web decoration in Cyclosa spiders is often linear and includes prey remains and other debris, which probably serve to camouflage the spider.
Stevelus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Ornithodoros turicata, commonly referred to as the relapsing fever tick, is a soft tick found in the midwestern and southwestern United States.
Tutelina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Zodarion arachnaio is a spider species found in Greece.
This genus is very similar to the genus Canama.
It contains species spanning the spectrum from solitary to highly social, with eight quasisocial species, far more than any other spider genus.
Harmanda is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The spiders are notable for the often large and intricate webs which they weave at night.
Synothele houstoni Raven, 1994 — Western Australia
Nemastoma bimaculatum is a species of harvestman, in the Nemastomatidae.
Neriene is a genus of spiders of the family Linyphiidae.
The male is similar but is generally much hairier and with dark legs with no trace of ringing.
Zodarion vankeerorum is a spider species found in Greece.
Habronattus clypeatus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States and Mexico.
Opisthacanthus rugiceps is a species of African scorpion.
Aclerogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Spermophorides lascars is a species of spider of the family Pholcidae.
Like all thomisid spiders, it does not make a web, but lies in wait for prey to appear nearby.
Idiops is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae.
Iwogumoa insidiosa, formerly Coelotes insidiosus, is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, found in Russia, Korea and Japan.
Allodecta is a genus of jumping spiders.
Nephila plumipes is a species of spider found in Australia, Indonesia and some Pacific Islands, which exhibits extreme sexual dimorphism.
Heydeniella is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Species reach a body length from about 2 to 4.6 mm.
These oval mites are rather large, usually reddish coloured and densely hairy.
It is a very common spider with distinctive white markings, which give it the species name eburnus pertaining to ivory.
It prefers open riverbanks where it lives under rocks, usually less than 5 metres from the river.
Nesticella marapu is an eyeless spider from Sumba, Indonesia.
Paradamoetas is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
With the Carboniferous period, early vertebrates emerged from the water and were feeding on the invertebrates already there.
It is closely related to the Arizona bark scorpion, but is not considered dangerous.
Alopecosa cronebergi is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Ukraine, Russia, Kazakhstan, and Hungary.
These spiders rear their young in nurseries, which are bell-like structures of spider web laid out in a sheet form.
A female of Maevia inclemens is 6.5 to 8.0 millimetres long, while males are 4.75 to 6.50 millimetres long.
Evarcha falcata xinglongensis Yang & Tang, 1996
Heliophanus tribulosus is a species of 'jumping spiders' belonging to the family Salticidae.
Females of S. murina are about 8 mm long.
Anatolidion is a genus of spiders in the family Theridiidae.
The species has been collected from several areas of Panama including El Valle de Antón, Portobelo, and Barro Colorado Island.
Numerous species are extensively found throughout the southern United States, Mexico, Central America, the Antilles and northern South America.
This is highly unusual for crab spiders, but for example often found in jumping spiders.
Acanthogonatus mulchen is a mygalomorph spider of Chile, named after its type locality: Alto Caledonia, east of Mulchén, Region VIII.
Epeus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
The species is endemic to Mahé Island of Seychelles.
It gets its common names from the brown hairs that cover its body.
Hypogrella poecilis is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
It is quite flashy in appearance, bearing long light-colored hairs all over its body and gold stripes on its legs, particularly at the "knees".
It is not one of the more common wolf spiders.
Micrathena gracilis is a spider in the family Araneidae, commonly known as the spined micrathena.
Koyamaia curvipes is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
S. wuae is similar to S. penicillatus, and is only known from Taiwan.
They live under rocks and in trees, and are sometimes seen invading houses.
Lucanaspis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Its venom is not usually lethal to humans because it has evolved to kill its prey by crushing it with its pincers and not by venom.
Another test showed that females can recognise the draglines of the most powerful fighters and prefer to move near the draglines of less powerful ones.
Some authors consider the genus Lechytia to be in its own family Lechytiidae, rather than to reside in Chthoniidae.
Isometrus is a genus of scorpion belonging and being eponymous to the family Buthidae.
Even though of relatively large size, Cryptomaster species are difficult to find, hence the genus name suggesting that they are masters at staying hidden.
It can also be found at the Cavenham-Icklingham Heaths Site of Special Scientific Interest in north Suffolk.
The specific epithet domiciliorum means "of dwellings" in Latin and refers to the fact that this species is often found living on buildings.
Certain species are commonly known as the "yellow sac spider".
Most natural diamonds are formed at high temperature and pressure at depths of 140 to 190 kilometers in the Earth's mantle.
Like the closely related Z. hamatum, it is nocturnal and captures various ant species.
Naubolus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The family contains two subfamilies, 29 genera, and around 400 species.
Instead, to capture prey the spider uses its legs to comb webbing across its cribellum, a spiked plate near the spinnerets.
Tabuina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family, with three described species, all endemic to New Guinea.
The two species were described by Eugène Simon in the early 1900s, based on a single male specimen each.
The Scorpionidae make up the superfamily Scorpionoidea.
It is popular among tarantula collectors but is highly defensive and not suitable for beginners.
Erythraeus moeritzensis is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae.
Ljunghia is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
This tarantula is known to have venom that is more potent than that of many tarantula species.
Gelotia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The specific epithet sazimai honors Dr. Ivan Sazima, a Brazilian zoologist who was the first to collect exemplars of the species.
Rhombonotus is a genus of jumping spiders known from Queensland, Australia.
Stereoglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Apistobuthus pterygocercus is a species of scorpion that lives on the Arabian Peninsula.
This Nearctic-Neotropical family comprises Opiliones with elaborate white/yellow/green/orange/red stripes and spots on the dorsal scutum and peculiar pedipalps strongly compressed and applied on the chelicerae.
Hirstionyssidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Arachnotermes is a genus of jumping spiders.
Eris is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Omentolaelaps mehelyae is a species of mite placed in its own family, Omentolaelapidae, in the order Mesostigmata.
They are predators that may wander about after dark in search of prey to ambush.
Depreissia is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Cryptomaster leviathan is an opilionid arachnid, known from southeastern Oregon.
Many Rhipicephalus are of economic, medical, and veterinary importance because they are vectors of pathogens.
The female produces a cocoon after about a week, which is carried with the fangs.
The female of this species has a body length of 2.5 mm.
The most common members belong to the E. carpathicus species complex, which makes up the subgenus Euscorpius.
They occur in the United States and Mexico, with the exception of one Argentinian species.
The carapace is brown or gray, and the abdomen is dark with a white pattern.
Pseudeuophrys lanigera is a species of jumping spider that is distributed throughout Europe.
Soft ticks of the family Argasidae lack the hard scutum or shield present in hard ticks of the family Ixodidae.
This tick is generally a vector for Colorado tick fever but can also be a vector for Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever and Tularemia.
Steneotarsonemus is a genus of plant feeding mites.
It is slow growing and, like many tarantulas, females can live for decades.
Instead, they prowl on the ground, as well as climbing plants and flowers, to find their prey.
It includes the yellow ghost spider of North America, which was formerly categorized in a different genus as Aysha velox.
Like T. auroraense, the larvae are ectoparasites on adult alfalfa weevils.
She is usually around 8 mm in length.
Both species are only described from male specimens.
Listrophorus klebergi – hispid pocket mouse; hispid cotton rat
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Ogdenia mutilla.
It was described by Karg in 1982
It was formerly known as genus Accola.
Savignia is a genus of spiders belonging to the family Linyphiidae.
Some species have two or three eyes although many are completely eyeless.
Chelaseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Runcinia acuminata is a species of crab spiders.
However, each egg sac holds more individual offspring than most arachnid egg sacs would normally hold.
Other sources suggest spiders given this name are actually Aphonopelma hentzi.
Urodinychidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Male A. erythrocephalus are about 11 mm long with a yellowish-brown carapace and a reddish-brown eye area.
It is the only member of the genus Argyroneta.
All specimens known have been found in the Udzungwa Scarp Forest Reserve, Mufindi District, Tanzania.
The webs are found in trees, shrubs and tall weeds, and grasses in moist, wooded settings and can frequently be found along the banks of streams.
Tetrophthalmi is an extinct suborder of Opiliones that had four eyes.
Pararhodacarus is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
It is found only in Uruguay, South America.
Females are distinguished from other Chilean species of Lycinus by the spermathecae with two or three receptacula on each side.
The family to which the genus belongs may be paraphyletic.
They are found throughout the semi-arid and arid regions of the Middle East and Africa.
Dendrolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Digamasellidae.
Opistophthalmus is a genus of scorpions known commonly as burrowing scorpions, tri-colored scorpions, serkets, or hissing scorpions.
Amaurobius ferox, sometimes known as the black lace-weaver, is a spider belonging to the family Amaurobiidae.
Neoscona adianta is a species of spider belonging to the family Araneidae.
Ceratolasma and Acuclavella are four to six millimeters long, with moderately short legs and short pedipalps.
Antillattus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae and is an epidemic to Hispaniola.
Umbopilio paradoxus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Zaleptus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The gregarines Actinocephalus megabuni and Doliospora repelini, and the mite Leptus beroni were found to parasitize on this species.
The peacock mite's name suggests that their feather-like setae adorning their backs are evocative of a peacock's plumage.
Males range from 1.7–2.8 mm in length, females 2.2–3.1 mm.
These spiders can reach sizes of up to 30 mm in diameter.
Galianora is a genus of jumping spiders.
This species is found in rainforest habitats in Gabon.
Chamolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Male white lady spiders will travel more than a mile in one night searching for a mate.
Their fifth and final segment id dark red coloured.
Bacillochilus is a genus of tarantula, with only one species, Bacillochilus xenostridulans, endemic to Angola.
Geogarypidae is a family of pseudoscorpions, which contains the following genera:
Microtritia is a genus of mites in the family Euphthiracaridae.
In most respects this spider behaves like the goldenrod spider, also commonly hunting in goldenrod sprays in the fall.
The web has densely spaced radii and an open hub, and may be placed from near ground level to several meters up.
This spider has a body length of up to 5.75 mm and has shorter legs than other Sibirocosa species.
Tur is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
It is the type species of the genus Nesticella.
This species has been known to bite people.
Zodarion modestum is a spider species found in Spain.
The spider probably lived in semi-deciduous or deciduous woodland near a river, in a warm climate with wet and dry seasons.
Semljicola lapponicus is a spider species found in Scandinavia, Russia and Alaska.
Unguisnenteria is a genus of mites in the family Nenteriidae.
The male is black with prominent white stripes and markings across its carapace and legs.
Pardosa subalpina is a species of wolf spider found in Switzerland.
It is threatened by habitat degradation caused by invasive plant species, especially Cinnamomum verum.
Marengo is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Terglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
It is found in Southeast Asia, from Laos to the Moluccas.
The Pompilid wasp species Tachypompilus ignitus is at least largely a specialist hunter of mature Palystes females.
Special gemological techniques have been developed to distinguish natural diamonds, synthetic diamonds, and diamond simulants.
In addition to domestic fowl, A. persicus may also feed on humans, although an immunity has been acquire by some individuals.
Mixogamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Pseudomaevia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
This species is more commonly known as the twin-flagged jumping spider due to the two pennant shaped markings on the dorsal side of the cephalothorax.
Euophrys bulbus is a species of jumping spider found only in Taiwan.
Mongolicosa songi is a species of wolf spider found in Xinjiang, China and adjacent areas of Mongolia.
Habronattus americanus is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family.
The scorpion lives under rocks and tree bark.
The single described species Allodecta maxillaris is only found in Jamaica.
The Macronyssidae are a family of parasitic mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Strong spines are located around the edge of the disk.
At first they are yellowish-green or bright red, later they become dark red and black.
Titanattus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
This refers to the subterranean habits of this species and also to the resemblance in shape of the "snout" of the male to Kabouter Plop's hat.
Ephebopus foliatus is a species of tarantula found in Guiana.
Demodex is a genus of tiny mites that live in or near hair follicles of mammals.
It is found in Spain and Switzerland.
Tarsonemidae is a family of mites, also called thread-footed mites or white mites.
Proctophyllodes is a genus of feather mites, found on passerine birds.
Eugène Simon thought it to be close to Copocrossa.
Colours and patterns vary considerably; some being cream, orange, mottled, brown or black.
Arctacaridae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
The correct placement of this species should become clearer once the male has been found and described.
Martella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Lobocephalus is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Both these species have been introduced to New Zealand.
Pergamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Tydeus domesticus is a species of mite belonging to the genus Tydeus.
The lower parts of the web contain sticky globules.
Females are recognized by the numerous spines on prolateral patella III.
Tacuna is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It relies on seismic vibrations for communication.
Dolomedes sulfureus is a species of venomous spiders commonly known as fishing spiders belonging to a family of Dolomedes.
It was first described in some detail by Barrion & Litsinger from the female holotype, the only known specimen at the time.
Loxomphalia is a spider genus in the family Theraphosidae, with a single species Loxomphalia rubida, found in Zanzibar.
The subspecies C. claustrarius balcanicus is only found in Bulgaria.
The head is covered with five rows of white hairs.
It is presumed to be a solitary spider, although there are limited data.
Hasarius mahensis is a species of jumping spider.
Abrolophus marinensis is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae.
Typhlodromina is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
It can be distinguished from its congeners by the structure of the crista.
The lateral corners have thick, blunt spikes with two shorter, sharper spikes both on the front and rear margins.
Ogoveidae are 3 to 5 mm long and eyeless.
Isometrus problematicus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
With a body length of 8–11 mm, it is the largest pholcid in the world.
Gypogyna is a genus of jumping spiders that occurs in Paraguay and Argentina.
In some contexts, the types are all considered subordinate to Sarcoptes scabiei.
Cosmiphis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
The Pisauridae are hunters who roam about in search of prey.
The genus name is derived from Ancient Greek Χάριππος,, according to Thorell taken from Persian mythology.
They are popular pets in the tarantula hobby due to their large size and readiness to breed.
It has been recorded from various plants in the vicinity of Munster in South Africa including Citrus limonia, Erythrina caffra and Psidium guajava.
Scotomenia cetrata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Its toxin has also become one of the most studied among those of venomous spiders.
Porius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Gamasitus is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Vailimia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Titanidiops is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae.
It was endemic to Mahe Island and Silhouette Island in the Seychelles.
This brown spider, up to 9.2 mm in length, can only be separated from its closest congener, Acantholycosa petrophila by details of the genitalia.
Its body length is around eight millimeters.
Paraisobuthus is an extinct genus of scorpion from the Upper Carboniferous of Europe and North America.
Talavera is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
They are found on a wide variety of plants as they wander in search of females in late summer and early fall.
Acanthoscurria antillensis is a species of large spider, a tarantula in the family Theraphosidae.
Uroseius is a genus of mites in the family Trachytidae.
It is the largest of the orb-weaving spiders and one of the biggest spiders in the world.
The female builds the more elaborate web, complete with a funnel-shaped retreat off to the side where she goes during inclement weather.
Common genera include Gnaphosa, Drassodes, Micaria, Cesonia, Zelotes and many others.
It taps its foremost legs on the sand to send messages to other white lady spiders.
The habitus of an immature specimen, already showing the large spiny front legs, was drawn by Proszynski in 1984.
The larvae are parasites/hosts of certain butterflies, particularly meadow brown, gatekeeper, marbled white, common blue and small skipper.
Gamasodes is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Erigone aletris is a spider species found in the USA, Canada, Scotland and Italy.
Cocoseius is a genus of mites in the family Phytoseiidae.
Dendryphantes is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Dysdera andreini is a spider species found in Italy.
However, the two species are so different that they probably do not belong to the same genus.
The family is cosmopolitan, including many well-known large or brightly colored garden spiders.
Texella reyesi is a rare species of arachnid known by the common name Bone Cave harvestman.
There are also some reports that they have a mildly toxic venom that can cause local reactions in humans.
The lesser stripetail scorpion, Hoffmannius or Vaejovis coahuilae, is a small species of scorpion found in the southwestern United States.
Palystes spiders will often enter homes before rain, where they will prey on geckos.
Simaetha is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
Despite its name it is one of the larger species of Lepthyphantes.
The disease produces intense, itchy skin rashes when the impregnated female tunnels into the stratum corneum of the skin and deposits eggs in the burrow.
It can be found near lakes, river banks or swamps.
Andreacarus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae that are parasitic on small mammals and earwigs in Africa and Madagascar.
It was first described by Roewer, in 1955.
They can also be found under wood, overhangs, or guarded places such as animal burrows.
Its face has a big white band across it, and its jaws have diagonal yellow stripes.
The mature pinktoe tarantula has a dark-colored body and pinkish feet, hence its name.
Nesticella is a genus of spiders of the family Nesticidae.
Fessonia brevicristata is a species of mite belonging to the family Smaridiidae.
Myrmolichus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Its distribution is widely tropical and subtropical.
The desert grass spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Agelenidae.
It can be found in foliage and in houses.
Gnaphosa opaca is a ground spider species found from Europe to Central Asia.
The species has been collected from Mexico, Guatemala, Costa Rica, and possibly Panama.
It is not known why these different decoration patterns appear in the same species, but it may be related to habitat differences.
It is known only from a single female specimen collected in Puerto Victoria, Misiones.
Dicranopalpus is a genus of harvestmen with twelve known recent species.
Adults are capable of good accuracy and a range of 0.5–1 m.
It lives on low vegetation in damp areas, and feeds on flying insects which it catches in its web.
Slosson's specimen was the basis for entomologist Nathan Banks' description of the species, which was published in Canadian Entomologist in 1895:
Latrodectus elegans is a species of "widow spider" endemic to East Asia.
Their most dangerous predator is the pepsis wasp, commonly called the Tarantula hawk.
The length of the web depends on the size of the spider, capable of reaching a total length of 2 meters.
Hottentotta tamulus, the Indian red scorpion, is a species of scorpion, belonging to the family Buthidae.
The male palpal bulb has a very elongate cymbium, its outer half distinctly curved.
Thorelliola is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Zebraplatys bulbus is a species of jumping spider.
It is the only species in the genus Pelinobius.
This species was listed on the 2000 IUCN Red List of Threatened Animals.
The second pair of legs grow to 8mm.
Phalangium is a genus of harvestmen, that occurs mostly in the Old World.
Thiodina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Cryptachaea veruculata is a spider native to Australia and New Zealand.
O. pulcher has been identified from Europe to Ukraine, North Africa, and Tasmania, where it was introduced by man.
Thelyphonida is an arachnid order comprising invertebrates commonly known as whip scorpions or vinegaroons.
The genus Parasitellus is associated with bumblebees, and other genus with other bees, leading to the common name "bee mites".
Gamasellevans is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
It is composed of 24 species and the type species is O. sorenseni.
Baviola is a genus of jumping spiders with three described species.
Tychicus longipes is a spider species found in Amboina and was introduced in the Netherlands.
Idastrandia is a genus of jumping spiders endemic to Singapore.
The species name is from Latin nitida "shining", "handsome", or "neat".
The species Carpoglyphus passularum is responsible for a cutaneous condition called grocer's itch.
It is represented by a single species, Rhondes neocaledonicus.
Ohilimia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Ozyptila danubiana is a species of crab spiders found in Romania and Greece.
The species was first described by Ludwig Carl Christian Koch in 1875.
Chorizomma is a genus of spiders containing only one species, Chorizomma subterraneum, found in Spain and France.
Admestina archboldi is a species of spider classified as a family of jumping spider.
The Monoscutidae are a family of harvestmen with 32 known species that all occur in or near Australia and New Zealand.
They can be identified by their hefty physique.
Oligonychus ununguis, the spruce spider mite, occurs throughout much of Canada and the United States.
Hindreus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
This is a very small spider with a length of around 3 mm.
Centruroides underwoodi is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Arnoliseus is a genus of jumping spiders that is only found in Brazil.
Olios argelasius is a species of huntsman spider found in the Mediterranean Basin.
Moggridgea is a genus of spiders in the tree dwelling family, Migidae.
The species was first described by Reginald Frederick Lawrence in 1962, who described all the species in the Leucorchestris genus.
All species of Maratus are found in Australia, with the exception of Maratus furvus from China.
The single described species Mopsolodes australensis is endemic to Australia.
The Feaelloidea are a superfamily of pseudoscorpions with two families, the Feaellidae with a single genus, and the Pseudogarypidae with two.
The species is listed as critically endangered.
It was described in chapter 5 of the book Svenska Spindlar by the Swedish arachnologist and entomologist Carl Alexander Clerck.
Gopriphis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Some species are native to Mexico, California and the West Coast of the United States.
Mesalges hirsutus is an acarid feather mite.
Amblyseius tsugawai is a species of predatory mite belonging to the family Phytoseiidae.
Lycinus caldera is a mygalomorph spider of Chile, named after its type locality: Caldera, Copiapó, Region III.
Dysdera adriatica is a spider species found in Austria and the Balkans.
Their tarsus is dark in colour with pectines that have 17-25 teeth, in which they have 16-18 rows of granules.
Bites by Sicarius to humans are uncommon; there are no proven cases and only two suspected cases where the culprit was never identified.
Parageaya is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Uahuka is a genus of linyphiid spiders endemic to the Marquesas Islands.
The Javanese species, P. leucopogon, is 5 mm long in males.
Gnaphosa norvegica is a ground spider species found in Norway.
It is one of the wishbone spiders in the taxonomic family Nemesiidae, found in varied habitats throughout Australia, including Tasmania.
The species was first described by Ludwig Carl Christian Koch in 1875 as Sarotes cervinus.
Ozyptila is a crab spider species found in Switzerland and Italy.
Lessertia dentichelis is a spider species found in Europe, Canary Islands, Madeira, Canada and New Zealand.
Chaco patagonica is a species of mygalomorph spiders of Argentina, named after its type locality, the Patagonia in Chubut, Argentina.
Lace webbed spider, lace-webbed spider or lace-web spider may refer to:
Holothele incei is a species of tarantula from Trinidad and Venezuela, commonly called the Trinidad olive tarantula, exceeding 5–7.5 cm when mature.
Bembidioglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Philodromus pinetorum is a spider species found from Portugal to Turkey.
The adult mite is half a millimeter long and bright red.
Paratropis is a genus of spiders in the family Paratropididae.
Eotrogulus was found in the Coal Measures of Commentry in northern France, together with Nemastomoides elaveris.
Agelena nigra is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
Bassaniana utahensis is a species of spider under the Bassaniana genus.
The sole species, G. unica, occurs only in Ethiopia.
The scientific name of this genus was first published in 1943 by Carl Friedrich Roewer.
The female is about 5 mm long; the male is slightly smaller.
Males feature large, extended palps with prominent projections.
Nosferattus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Cynapes wrighti is a species of spider from the family Salticidae.
They are known as 'hard ticks' because they have a scutum or hard shield, which the other big family of ticks, the soft ticks, lack.
N. valentulus rarely jumps, and has been found living deep within rotten logs.
The spider family Sinopimoidae consists of only one genus, Sinopimoa, with a single described species, Sinopimoa bicolor.
Larvamima is a genus of mites placed in its own family, Larvamimidae, in the order Mesostigmata.
The Selenogyrinae is a subfamily of tarantulas.
It captures the spider in its burrow or sometimes in the open and stings it to paralyze it and then lays its eggs on the abdomen.
Evarcha jucunda is a species of jumping spider.
Trigonuropodidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
They may also help in wind-borne dispersal.
The genus has two species, Acanthopelma beccarii in Guyana and Acanthopelma rufescens in Central America.
Demodex bovis, also known as the cattle follicle mite, usually causes demodicosis, or demodectic mange, in cattle.
Isometrus thwaitesi is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Phintella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
As of April 2017, the genus contains three species.
Their first reaction when threatened is usually to run or leap away, but they may react defensively if provoked.
It is found in lava caves on Isla Santa Cruz, Galápagos.
Anapistula aquytabuera Rheims & Brescovit, 2003 — Brazil
H. leporispalustris is known to have one of the largest distributions for a tick originating in the New World.
Uroctea is a genus of spiders that is found in Eurasia and Africa.
Neoleptoneta microps is a rare species of spider in the family Leptonetidae known by the common name Government Canyon bat cave spider.
Polemus is a genus of spiders of the Salticidae family.
Two species that were described from southern China have been transferred to genus Evarcha.
Sitticus longipes is a species of jumping spider that can be found in Austria, France, Italy, and Switzerland.
The female is a very large, hairy orb-weaver, up to 25 mm in length.
It has a distinctive embolus, which differentiates it from other species.
They are known for making deep and elaborate burrows.
Holconia immanis, commonly known as the Sydney huntsman spider, is a species of huntsman spider found in eastern Australia.
Pseudocellus bolivari is an arachnid species in the order Ricinulei.
Micropholcus fauroti is a cellar spider species with Pantropical distribution.
Its species occur from the United States to Argentina.
Marchena is a genus of the jumping spiders only found in the United States.
Neonella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
They occur in the Philippines and Borneo and are indistinguishable from the related genus Myrmarachne without the help of a microscope.
It is paratized by a parasitoid wasp.
Porrhothele is a spider genus with five described species, all endemic to New Zealand.
Additionally, vector competence for the transmission of Leptospira pomona, the agent of canine jaundice, has been demonstrated in a laboratory setting.
The naming of the family originates from the fact that dust mites cause eczema, with intense itching and a red rash.
The female is darker than the male.
Specimens are stocky and barely exceed 1.5 inches in length.
If an insect intrudes, interjecting itself into the web, the spiders respond en masse, overwhelming it as a team.
This is not aggression; these spiders are simply nearly blind and cannot see larger animals.
Acusilas is a spider genus in the family Araneidae, with nine species:
They have eight eyes, with four relatively large eyes in the middle.
It is quite small—0.7 mm—but has been recorded as the world's fastest land animal relative to body length.
Bristowia heterospinosa is a species of jumping spider from Asia.
Kargoecius is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Most species are found in south eastern Africa and neighbouring Madagascar.
All described species are endemic to New Guinea.
Icius hamatus is a species of 'jumping spiders' belonging to the family Salticidae.
The female T. affinis is 4.5 mm long, the male 2.7 mm; T. bracteata is about the same size.
This spider is around 9 mm in length.
Tityus exstinctus is an extinct species of scorpion belonging to the family Buthidae.
Males have a body length of 3.2 mm.
Progradungula and Macrogradungula are the only cribellate genera of the family.
The subtribe was first defined by Anton Menge in 1879 as Dendryphantidae.
Ornithodoros hermsi is a species of soft tick.
Missulena torbayensis is a species of spider belonging to the family Actinopodidae.
They also have three dark stripes over the mesosoma with either yellowish or orange pedipalps, which have dark spots as well.
As its common name suggests, the spinose ear tick's parasitic forms are usually found within the ears of the definitive host.
Acarapis woodi mites live and reproduce in the tracheae of the bees.
It is also known as longtailed orb-weaving spider or tear drop spider.
Amaurobius latebrosus is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Corsica.
Also, there are other species that were identified G. vittata at times, namely G. irradiata, G. sanguinolenta and G. transversa, further complicating the issue.
Identification is relatively simple as this very large spider has thicker front legs than back legs.
Males are larger than many other Argiope.
Dexippus is a genus of jumping spiders.
Misumena vatia is a species of crab spider with holarctic distribution.
It is basal, but placement is not yet clear.
There may be darker markings at the rear with lighter lines across the body.
Although it is in the family commonly called Orb Web Spiders, this spider does not build orb webs.
Oxyopes macilentus, sometimes known as the lean lynx spider, is a species of lynx spiders from East Asia, South Asia, Southeast Asia, and northern Australia.
Both species are only known from the coastal desert and guano islands of the Ica Region of central Peru.
It is found only in buildings, where it builds a retreat in corners and between old paper.
To catch prey, they build a special web with an upper network of threads attached to the rock walls.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Pellolessertia castanea.
Ceratogyrus is a genus of spiders in the family Theraphosidae.
Most of the almost 170 described species occur in Africa, with many others found in the Palearctic region from Europe to Japan.
Web decorations in this species are interesting in that A. mascordi juveniles construct a cross and adults construct a disc.
Marma is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Females of this species parasitize various species of shrew tenrecs of the genus Microgale.
Phidippus regius, known commonly as the regal jumping spider, is the largest species of jumping spider in eastern North America.
The upper surface of the body is usually brown with grey and red shades, with a line of whitish markings along the centre.
Ariamnes is a large genus of spiders in the family Theridiidae.
For humans, itching usually occurs after the larvae detach from the skin.
Locally it is known as a Matacacata.
One species, Atypena formosana lives in colonies in wetland habitats, where it builds nets just above the water line in rice fields to hunt planthopper nymphs.
Gnaphosa lugubris is a ground spider species found from Europe to Central Asia.
Stasimopus schoenlandi is a species of ctenizid trapdoor spider from South Africa.
Segestria senoculata is the only recorded prey for the Pepsid spider wasp Dipogon subintermedius in Great Britain.
They are also characterized by long spine-like bristles on their legs.
Dexippus taiwanensis is a jumping spider, similar in appearance to D. kleini.
Phalangiotarbida has been recently proposed to be sister group to: the taxon Megoperculata sensu Shultz.
Laelaptiella is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Hypoaspis miles is also commonly used by reptile, amphibian and invertebrate keepers as a preventative or reactive measure against grain mites and reptile mites.
Synothele is a genus of spiders found in South Australia and Western Australia.
The closest relatives of Phaeacius are in the genus Holcolaetis, and the next closest genera are Portia and Spartaeus.
Centruroides tuxtla is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Contromelisia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Lasioacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
The Oxytate genus, commonly known as grass crab spiders, comprises a homogenous group of nocturnal crab spiders.
Cheiracanthium insulare is a spider species found in Madagascar and Réunion.
Cyrtocarenum is a trapdoor spider genus found in Greece and Turkey.
The Sphaerolichida is a suborder of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Yepoella crassistylis.
Zodarion fulvonigrum is a spider species found in France.
Isometrus khammamensis is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
The species Thiodina inquies and Thiodina irrorata are considered nomen dubia.
Songthela is a spider genus in the family Liphistiidae with species found in China.
They are tiny, microscopic mites and are yellow to pinkish white to purplish in color.
They are mostly found in Asian mountains.
A 2003 study suggests that this family is better treated as a subfamily of the Scorpionidae.
Isometrus zideki is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Podoctidae is a family of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with about 130 described species.
It is found in Europe and southern England but ranging as far north as Southern Sweden and as far south as North Africa.
Orb-webs are also produced by members of other spider families.
Like its cousin, the Japanese water spider lives under water by constructing diving bells, underwater spheres which contain oxygen, which they live in.
Peritraeus is a genus of spiders in the Thomisidae family.
They start out with a 2mm legspan and grow rapidly.
are found on or under bark or on foliage from coastal north Queensland south to at least the central coast NSW.
Parafluda is a genus of the jumping spiders found from Panama to Argentina.
Z. italicum seems to be specialized in Formicinae ants.
It can be found in leaf litter in coastal woodlands.
Just like any other scorpions they carry their young on their back.
Anapistula guyri Rheims & Brescovit, 2003 — Brazil
Wedoquella reaches a body length of about 5 to 11 mm.
Acanthogonatus quilocura is a mygalomorph spider of Chile, its name referring to the seemingly unending number of species within this genus.
Other species of the genus Leiurus are also often referred to as "deathstalkers".
Eggs are laid on a hair shaft, so hairless mice cannot become infested.
Egg sacks the size of a small marble are made of thick silk and contain 100-200 eggs which hatch after two months.
It was first described by Charles Athanase Walckenaer in 1805.
The genus was first described by Eugène Simon in 1903.
The whole spider has a furry appearance and is flattened in shape.
If a female smells a male of the same species, the female stimulates the males to court.
However, according to, neither group appears to be monophyletic.
It is found in woodland, shrubby habitat and gardens, and is a kleptoparasite of red-legged golden orb-web spiders.
The giant Laotian harvestman is the unofficial name for an as-yet undescribed species of opiliones belonging to the family Sclerosomatidae.
Orepukia species range in size from 6 to 7.5 millimetres and are ecribellate.
About 90 species have been described, ranging from South and Central America, up to the southern United States.
Fesa tricolor is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Ornithonyssus is a mite genus of the family Macronyssidae.
Allocosa brasiliensis is a burrowing wolf spider species from southern South America.
They also build tubes that can be up to one meter deep.
Overwintering mites colonize tiny spaces beneath the exterior scales of dormant buds of blackberries.
Meta milleri is a long-jawed orb weaver spider species found in Croatia.
Pseudocorythalia is a genus of jumping spiders found in Guatemala.
It is an ectoparasite found on brown rats in Puerto Rico.
Adult females are reddish, pear-shaped, about 0.5 mm long, and active at room temperature.
The order Trigonotarbida is an extinct group of arachnids whose fossil record extends from the late Silurian to the early Permian.
Most species are endemic to India, with H. phulchokiensis found only in Nepal.
Euschoengastia peromysci is a mite in the genus Euschoengastia of the family Trombiculidae.
The Neobisioidea are a superfamily of pseudoscorpions.
Bistriopelma is a genus of spider, being a theraphosine theraphosid.
Wanlessia sedgwicki is a species of jumping spider that is endemic to northwestern Borneo.
Manisilaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
They have a mainly paleotropical distribution, but R. acoreensis and R. pico are endemic to the Azores, and R. aurantius is holarctic.
Antigrella orissana is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
It was probably dispersed to gardens and parks of Queensland by man.
It is not a recommended pet for beginners.
It is common throughout much of sub-Saharan Africa, from Senegal and Yemen to South Africa.
Trombicula hirsti is a species in the genus Trombicula, commonly called the scrub-itch mite, it is found in northern Australia.
They come in varying colors but are easily identified by the two horn shaped growths on their relatively large abdomen.
It is the type species for the Thelcticopis genus, and was first described by Charles Athanase Walckenaer in 1875.
Metacyrba taeniola is a species of spider in the family Salticidae, the jumping spiders.
They are the most common group of builders of spiral wheel-shaped webs often found in gardens, fields and forests.
Gnaphosa bithynica is a ground spider species found in Crete and Turkey.
Amauropelma is a spider genus that is endemic to Queensland, Australia.
Scytodes globula, the Chilean tiger spider, is a predatory spider of the family Scytodidae.
The cephalothorax is a pale brown-yellow color.
Previously only distinguished by geographic range, the two variants were classified in 1980 as the same species.
Individuals of A. rogersi have been observed carrying ant carcasses.
Pyrenecosa pyrenaea is a wolf spider species found in France.
Eriophora transmarina is commonly known as the "Australian garden orb weaver spider".
Paraphidippus nigropilosus is a spider species in the Salticidae family.
Previously only two scorpion species were known from the late Devonian – Hubeiscorpio gracilitarsus from China and Petaloscorpio bureaui from Canada.
They use this to clog the entrance of their 7 to 15 cm deep vertical burrows when threatened, a phenomenon called phragmosis.
Lipocrea epeiroides is an orb-weaving spider species found in Greece, Cyprus, Turkey, Israel, Yemen and India.
It includes the former family Micropholcommatidae as the subfamily Micropholcommatinae.
Pregnant female mites tunnel into the stratum corneum of a host's skin and deposit eggs in the burrows.
It has been introduced to Hawaii, and is found from Taiwan to New Guinea.
Arthrolycosa is an extinct genus of arachnids, possibly spiders, that lived about 300-250 million years ago.
They are commonly called stretch spiders, referring to their elongated body form.
Despite the name, the spider probably does not occur in Guangxi.
This is a spider of the extreme north-east of Asia, only found east of the Kolyma River to the edge of the Chukchi Peninsula.
Clypeus is yellowish and completely covered of white hairs.
The Chernetidae are a family of pseudoscorpions with over 650 described species and 110 genera.
Menemerus bivittatus is a spider in the Salticidae family commonly known as the gray wall jumper.
Camillina elegans is a spider species in the genus Camillina.
Stasimopus mandelai is a species of ctenizid trapdoor spider from the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
Proprioseiulus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Palystes is a genus of huntsman spiders, commonly called rain spiders or lizard-eating spiders, occurring in Africa, India, Australia, and the Pacific.
Dicrocheles phalaenodectes is a parasitic mite which infests the ear of certain species of noctuid moths.
This is believed to be due to antiseptic properties of spider silk.
Phaeacius does not enter webs voluntary, and moves away if it touches one accidentally.
Nigorella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family from Africa.
It can be separated from most other Acantholycosa species by the long, dense hairs covering the abdomen and legs.
The mite is endemic to Southern California and is usually observed darting amongst sidewalks and in rocky areas.
Ebo bharatae Tikader, 1965 — India, Andaman Islands
It has a medium growth rate and is an arboreal species.
The name comes from the fact that the joints of the spider are typically coloured a golden yellow.
They also have long hair-like setae projecting from rear that have been compared to a trailing peacock tail.
Zodarion italicum is a European ant-eating spider.
Proctogastrolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
It inhabits the top 1/2 inch layer of soil.
About seventy species are currently known, with most fossils originating from the Carboniferous Coal Measures.
It is generally found under stones and logs and in leaf litter.
Toloella is a genus of jumping spiders that occurs only in Panama.
Charmus laneaus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
It is found in Poland and Romania.
Maileus is a genus of jumping spiders.
This dark brown spider is up to 7.8 mm in length.
Paraphytoseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
They are often used as a biological control agent for managing mite pests.
Scorpio maurus, the Israeli gold scorpion, is a species of North African and Middle Eastern scorpion, also known as the large-clawed scorpion.
Erythraeus kastaniensis is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae, first described from Greece.
Synothele goongarrie Raven, 1994 — Western Australia
Males are dark brown, with a darker area around the eyes.
Their horizontal web forms a cone in the middle, with many support lines holding it.
Hexathele hochstetteri, commonly known as the banded tunnelweb spider, is a spider in the family Hexathelidae, found only in New Zealand.
They can be encountered in sunny habitats on shrubs, edges and low plants, where they can make their webs near the ground.
Stygopholcus photophilus is a cellar spider species found in Greece.
Anapistula appendix Tong & Li, 2006 — China
Gnaphosa basilicata is a ground spider species found in Italy.
The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek root xyst, meaning "scraped, scraper".
Leucorchestris is a genus of huntsman spiders occurring in Namibia and Angola.
When meeting another of the same species, P. fimbriata does not use cryptic stalking but displays by moving quickly and smoothly.
Phoneyusa is a genus of spiders belonging to the family Theraphosidae.
In North America, they mostly infect rodents, in addition to other small mammals such as shrews, talpids, and Virginia opossums.
Centruroides chamulaensis is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Echinolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
The chelicerae serve as jaws and in many species also are used for stridulation.
It has a body length of up to 2 inches and a leg span of up to 6 inches.
Lackerbaueria is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Psoroptes is a genus of mites, including the agents that cause psoroptic mange.
Clubiona comta is a sac spider species found in Europe, Russia and North Africa.
Lygromma gertschi, a blind, cave-inhabiting species from Jamaica is not a close relative of L. anops.
Phidippus is distributed almost exclusively in North America, with the exception of two exported species.
However, it is important to note that like all other tarantula species, the venom cannot kill you.
It is up to 10 mm long, silvery grey to brown with a pattern of light and dark brown markings on the abdomen.
Semljicola caliginosus is a spider species found in England, Scotland and Russia.
Its moderately long legs are densely covered with setae, spikes and trichomes.
The Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever virus has also been detected in ticks of this type removed from migratory birds in Morocco.
Archeosetus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Its colour closely matches that of the tree trunks in which it lives.
Acantholycosa lignaria is a species of wolf spiders.
P. octopunctatus has been observed to hunt large prey, such as grasshoppers and bees.
Zodarion duriense is a spider species found in Portugal.
Paraphidippus aurantius is a species of jumping spider.
Mites of the genus Sphaeroseius have only been found in association with ecitonine army ants in Brazil, Argentina, and possibly Costa Rica.
M. flavipes was transferred from genus Aptostichus in 2007.
Both described species have been found only in Panama.
This family includes the medically important Latrodectus genus—the widow spiders.
There are some species that live in caves, but only three troglobites are recorded for the family.
The American Arachnological Society assigns the common name hubbardiid shorttailed whipscorpion to members of this family
The female resembles the male but has a larger abdomen.
Ixodes uriae, also known as the seabird tick, is a species of parasitic tick known to infect marine birds.
This makes it likely that T. mullamullangensis is a relict species from the time when the now arid region was much more humid.
The underside of its thorax is spotted with yellow and black, the top is silvery with brown and black streaks.
Sinopoda scurion is the first eyeless huntsman spider to be discovered.
The cephalothorax is chestnut-colored to black, with a chestnut colored spot on the posterior region.
Chauliacia canarisi is a feather mite found on swifts.
The Migoidea are a superfamily of mygalomorph spiders.
Body length is from 6 - 9.2 mm.
Callilepis is a genus of gnaphosid spiders with about 20 described species.
S. crassipes lives in rainforests and gullies or other sheltered cooler spots in open forests along the Queensland Central coast.
Oppiella nova is a species of soil mite in Oppiidae family that can be found worldwide including Oahu, Hawaii and Okinawa, Japan.
It is highly likely that there exists no real species with characters fitting the original description.
Its only described species is Hyctiota banda.
Although the small eye tubercle is usually not ornamented, there is a spine on one Nepalese species.
Males, on the other hand, are recognized by the smooth, keelless bulb, in combination with a well-developed tibial apophysis.
Erigoninae are the largest subfamily of sheet weavers, which is itself the second largest spider family.
In 1950, there were 34 known species.
These papules and nodules, or bumps beneath the skin, can be felt even before they can be seen.
It is native to North America, including Canada and the United States.
Oligolophus is a genus of the harvestman family Phalangiidae with four described species.
The species of this genus are found in sub-Saharan Africa.
The male is only about one millimeter long.
Chauliacia securigera is a feather mite found on swifts.
Both described species are only found in the United States.
It can detect movements in the wind and run for retreat before a larger threat even approaches.
Hexura picea is a species of spider.
It includes besides others for example the following species:
Aldabrinus is a genus of pseudoscorpions, which contains the following species:
Its venom contains powerful neurotoxins and cytotoxins, including mucopolysaccharides, hyaluronidases, phospholipases, serotonins, histamines, enzyme inhibitors, and proteins such as neurotoxic peptides.
Like most tarantulas, they have a long lifespan.
These jumping spiders' vision exceeds by a factor of ten that of dragonflies, which have the best vision among insects.
Mongolicosa mongolensis is a species of wolf spider only known from Gurvanbulag district, Bayankhongor Province, Mongolia.
Zontia is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
These patterns, which can be caused by hair and pigments, change with the growth of the spider.
In addition to the three living genera, there are two families and four genera containing fossil species.
Both were collected from bushes or trees in an open forest patch.
It is commonly found in southern Brazil and parts of Uruguay and is remarkably similar to Grammostola gigantea and Grammostola iheringi.
Habronattus is a genus in the family Salticidae.
The second pair of legs grow to 50mm.
A lighter stripe is visible down the middle of the prosoma.
Eburneana is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Rickettsia species can habitate A. patinoi endosymbiotically.
Thus, the same moth-catching behavior must have evolved independently in the two genera.
These spiders are commonly found in Argentina and Chile.
Amphicalvolia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Eucteniza is closely related to spiders of the genera Entychides and Neoapachella.
Qinghailaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Pachistopelma bromelicola is a species of tarantula, contained within the Aviculariinae subfamily.
The genus name is probably derived from a Tahitian word, meaning "to wait, to expect".
Brachypelma boehmei is a tarantula native to Mexico in Guerrero state.
The minute species Patu digua with its body size of only 0.37 mm is considered to be one of the smallest spiders in the world.
It is not a large spider and, although it is prone to biting, is not venomous to humans.
The Arabian fat-tailed scorpion is a species of dangerous scorpion usually found in North Africa and the Middle East.
Cebrennus is a genus of huntsman spiders mostly found in Northern Africa and the Arabian Peninsula.
Hogna radiata is a species of wolf spider present in South Europe, north Africa and Central Asia.
Another way mites can be spread is when female mites leave the follicle they are in and go lay eggs in a new follicle.
It is considered the world's largest spider by leg span, which can reach up to 1 foot.
It was first described in 1913 by Strand.
Trombidium breei is a species of red mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
In Canada, there was evidence that commercial bumblebee populations were spreading L. buchneri to wild populations.
This hissing is produced by the spider stridulating a patch of setae associated with its chelicerae.
42707, which is a 3D body fossil of its exoskeleton found near modern-day United Kingdom.
Stipax is a genus of spiders in the family Sparassidae, with a single species, Stipax triangulifer, first described in 1898.
It was discovered by Mello-Leitão in 1944.
Brachistosternus is composed of 16 species grouped into 3 subgenera spread out over Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, and Peru.
Antennophoridae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Cocalodes is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
Misumenops asperatus is a species of the 'flower spiders'.
Archaeodictyna ammophila is a spider species found in Europe to Central Asia.
They are nocturnal predators that hide during the day in small retreats.
Spiders in this genus are sometimes called coin spiders.
Xenocytaea is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
Panysinus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Myrmolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
It can be found on oak leaves.
The genus name is derived from Ancient Greek para "alongside" and the salticid genus Philaeus.
Phidippus pius is a species of jumping spider that is found in Central America and North America.
H. leporispalustris has a rigid scutum and a prominent capitulum projecting forward from its body and is often said to look like the "wood tick".
Sennertionyx is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Both sexes of W. tovarensis are 1 mm long.
Like T. hyperi, the larvae are ectoparasites on adult alfalfa weevils.
For a car produced in Poland see Mikrus MR-300.
This condition is often found in cattle with increased stress from pregnancy or lactation.
Idiosoma is also the term for an anatomical structure of mites.
Erythraeidae is a family of mites belonging to the Trombidiformes.
Mysmena wawuensis is a species of spider found in China.
R. triangularis, the most common species, is sometimes considered to be in the genus Paraplatybunus, in the subfamily Platybuninae.
Avicularia is a genus of the family Theraphosidae containing various species of tarantulas.
Pseudosystenocentrus foveolatus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Episinus angulatus is a small mottled brownish tangle-web spider, found from Europe to Russia.
This is a cosmopolitan species, found in caves and buildings throughout the warmer parts of the world.
Zygoballus tibialis is a species of jumping spider native to Central America.
Sason colemani is a species of barychelid trapdoor spiders that has only been found in a natural swamp in the Botanical Gardens in Cairns, Queensland.
It should not be confused with the similarly named Wheel spider from the same locale.
Ariamnes uwepa is a species of spider from the family Theridiidae.
pyramidatus is found only in Europe, where the two varieties are seldom found together.
It is distributed in Europe and North America and has been introduced into New Zealand.
Philaeus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The only species, Mopsus mormon, is commonly called the green jumping spider.
Populations from Los Baños and from Sagada, both in the Philippines, have slightly different hunting tactics.
Ero cambridgei is a pirate spider species with Palearctic distribution.
Triplogyniidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Metopilio is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Amaurobius phaeacus is a species of spiders in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Albania and Greece.
Neon zonatus is a species of jumping spider found only in Taiwan.
Ixodes cookei is a species of tick in the genus Ixodes.
The Striped Fishing Spider is a fishing spider found in central North America.
Opisthacanthus africanus is a species of African scorpion.
Sabacon cavicolens is a species of harvestman.
The name Barking spider is inappropriate as this spider does not bark.
Anapistula benoiti Forster & Platnick, 1977 — Congo
It does not build a web, but hunts its prey by remaining stationary in ambush and awaiting prey to come near it.
The group contains many of the more notorious parasitic members of the Astigmata.
Stammernenteria is a genus of mites in the family Nenteriidae.
It particularly differs from A. longicollis in its shorter length measurements.
Taiwanoparasitus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Isometrus thurstoni is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Salpesia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Although recluse spiders have a bad reputation, they are usually not aggressive.
Arachnura scorpionoides is a species of Drag Tail Spider, in the Arachnura genus, native to Congo, Ethiopia, Madagascar and Mauritius.
The Amblyseiinae are a subfamily of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Judalana is a genus of jumping spiders.
This species has been misidentified in pharmacological research as "Oxyopes kitabensis."
These webs are only about 100 mm in diameter.
Chilobrachys guangxiensis is a species of tarantula native to China, in Hainan.
Pergagrella monticola is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Matagaia is a genus of jumping spiders.
Some of the largest jumping spiders inhabit this genus, and many species are characterized by their brilliant, iridescent green chelicerae.
Unlike Z. x-notata, this spider is found away from houses, on bushes and rocky sites away from human habitation.
Semljicola latus is a spider species found in Scandinavia, Russia and Mongolia.
Fourteen accepted species are included in to the genus.
During the last two stages, they suck blood from their host for food.
Dermacentor circumguttatus is a species of hard tick belonging to the family Ixodidae.
Pelegrina galathea, commonly known as the peppered jumper, is a species of jumping spider.
The family Arkyidae has been split off from the Araneidae.
Ramblinus spinipalpis is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae.
It is one of the showiest orbweavers.
The species is found throughout Australia, China, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Thailand.
The male of the species was assumed to be close to Thiania by Roewer, but his placements of salticids is often questionable.
This species of fishing spider is named after the mythological Greek god Triton who is the messenger of the big sea and the son of Poseidon.
The species was accidentally introduced into Germany in the early 20th century from banana plantations in Central America.
The abdomen typically has black pattern with gold spots, and the legs are annulated, distinguishing it from similar species.
Walckenaeria vigilax is a spider species with Holarctic distribution.
Copidognathus oculatus is a species of mite in the Halacaridae family.
The abdomen is medium brown with lighter chevrons above, and pale below with dark speckles.
Gnaphosa oceanica is a ground spider species found in France.
The Eupnoi are a suborder of harvestmen, with more than 200 genera, and about 1,700 described species.
It lives in mountains Sierras de Córdoba and San Luis in central Argentina.
Other species, particularly those at higher altitudes in northern latitudes in the Americas and all non-American species appear to be solitary or sub-social.
Fossils have been found Mazon Creek USA and in the Kirov Oblast region of Russia.
Males are diagnosed by one of the species autapomorphies: the presence of numerous short spines on the ventral metatarsus I.
It is only known from iSimangaliso Wetland Park, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
The genitalia of both sexes of a Padilla species are drawn in Proszynski, and resemble those of Marengo.
Narceolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Carniella is a tangle web spider genus.
They produce a venom that contains a group of neurotoxic peptides.
The front two pairs of legs are large, suited to grabbing small insects.
It is named for the cartographic Latin phrase terra incognita, meaning unknown land.
It was first described in 1933 by Crosby & Bishop.
The other three subfamilies are more predominant in Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand, and some are found in Burma and Nepal.
Females are about 25mm in body length, males about 22mm.
The juveniles ride on the female's back and undergo their first molt at eight days of age.
The 5–7 pairs of caudal setae can be flicked over the body very quickly, so they are used like whips in defense against predators.
It was first identified as distinct from Anelosimus studiosus in 2006 by Ingi Agnarsson.
Even among the diminutive spiders in this family, this is a very small species with a body length of just 3 mm.
They are often referred to as the red and black spiders.
Black fat–tailed scorpions come from the family of Buthidae, which is the largest of the scorpion family.
Linyphia is a genus of spiders in the family Linyphiidae.
Eugène Simon synonymized it with Centrurus insulanus in 1890.
Colonies often consist of the offspring of a single female, that do not disperse after hatching.
Males of Thrandina parocula are about 4 mm long.
There is a reddish-brown heart-shaped mark on the abdomen and pale rings on the femora.
Ixodes pacificus, the Western black-legged tick, is a species of Ixodes, a parasitic tick found on the western coast of North America.
Acantholycosa katunensis is a species of wolf spider only known from the Katun Mountain Range in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains.
The genus is monotypic, represented only by the species Plesiosiro madeleyi described by Reginald Innes Pocock in his important 1911 monograph on British Carboniferous arachnids.
It is commonly referred to as tailed jumper.
Balaustium bipilum is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae.
as "nationally critical" under the New Zealand Threat Classification System.
Gamasiphoides is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Trombidium meyeri is a species of mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae.
The very similar looking P. lanigera is much more abundant, and is almost only found in or near buildings.
Centruroides tecomanus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
The nymph is similar in appearance to the adult.
Aculops fuchsiae, commonly known as fuchsia gall mite, is a species of mite in the family Eriophyidae.
Forcellinia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Phrynus marginemaculatus is a species of Amblypygid found in southern Florida, the Bahamas, Cuba, and Hispaniola.
Adults have ovoid or pear-shaped bodies which become engorged with blood when they feed, and eight legs.
While P. viridana is found only in India and Myanmar, the similar named P. viridans occurs only from the southern United States to Venezuela.
Hypoctonus formosus is a species of arachnids belonging to the family Thelyphonidae.
It is associated with various plants in the vicinity of Malelane, South Africa.
Its only species, M. fuscus, is only known from Sarawak and Sumatra.
Pleisiolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Philodromus bosmansi is a spider species found in Sardinia and Algeria.
Acantholycosa oligerae is a species of wolf spider only known from Primorsky Krai, Russia.
The legs are black and the markedly domed and very shiny abdomen is red-brown with white spots.
These mites disperse via phoresy in the deuteronymph stage of their life cycle.
It is endemic to Texas in the United States, where it is only known from a single cave in Bexar County.
Emathis weyersi is a species of jumping spider that occurs from Sumatra to the Philippines.
Zodarion noordami is a spider species found in Greece.
Males range in size from 1.80 to 1.90 millimetres, while females range from 1.90 to 2.55 millimetres.
Pokhara is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Uroplectes olivaceus is a scorpion of the family Buthidae.
The nominate variety is found throughout the species' range while var.
Thus Lardoglyphus species can be expected to become pests in many tropical and subtropical situations, especially where ambient conditions are humid.
Cheliferoides is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
In males, this structure gets thicker towards the end and is used to store sperm until reproduction.
Saloca is a genus of European spiders in the Linyphiidae family.
Arctosa fulvolineata is a wolf spider species in the genus Arctosa found in Europe, Mallorca and North Africa.
Though they can be pests, they are considered beneficial because they feed on "scorpions, spiders and termites."
Dasumia canestrinii is a spider species found in Southern Europe.
Ixodes brunneus is a species of tick in the genus Ixodes.
The female has a body length of up to 12 mm, the male is rather smaller at up to 9 mm.
These spiders are primarily natives of southeast Asia.
Pachypoessa is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Lepthyphantes is a genus of spiders of the family Linyphiidae.
Katipo feed mainly on ground dwelling insects, caught in an irregular tangled web spun amongst dune plants or other debris,
Plebs is a genus of spider previously considered part of several other genera in the Araneidae family of orb-weaving spiders.
Onofre is a genus of jumping spiders from Brazil with three described species.
It was first described in 1928 by Gerhardt.
Fundiseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
P. castaneus are also commonly seen paralysed, being dragged by a large wasp called a Pompilid wasp.
Ologamasus is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Amaurobius crassipalpis is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Germany, Switzerland and Italy.
It is the principal vector of Lyme Disease in that region.
Raymentia is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Most species of Solifugae live in dry climates and feed opportunistically on ground-dwelling arthropods and other small animals.
In Spanish, it is known as araña de rincón, or "corner spider"; in Portuguese, as aranha-marrom or "brown spider".
Aculepeira talishia is an orb-weaving spider species found in Turkey, Russia, Georgia and Azerbaijan.
They are usually found in the sebaceous glands of the human body.
The best known is the Palearctic T. holosericeum.
Ananteris nairae is a scorpion species found in Brazilian Amazonia.
Females lay eggs in the soil which hatch into nymphs in 1 to 2 days.
Araneus asiaticus is a spider in the genus Araneus, found in Kyrgyzstan.
Litoporus agricola is a cellar spider species found in Brazil.
The only exception is Suzukielus sauteri from Japan.
It uses a sticky ball on the end of a thread of webbing to catch its prey.
There are 71 accepted species in the genus.
Ceglusa is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Lycosa dacica is a wolf spider species found in Romania.
Mago is a spider genus of the Salticidae family, found only in South America.
Carinobius bicornutus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Metadentobunus formosae is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
They are found worldwide in warmer climates.
Like most harvestmen, gonyleptids are almost exclusively nocturnal, except some Caelopyginae, Goniosomatinae,, Gonyleptinae, Mitobatinae, Pachylinae and Progonyleptoidellinae.
Centruroides jaragua is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
S. mitchelli, which, like the larger S. cavicolens, occurs in the eastern US, is quite different from the latter, with males lacking cheliceral glands.
It can only be separated from its closest congeners by details of the genitalia.
Spiders in this genus are distinctively flattened.
This is a striking spider with a distinctive arrow-shaped abdomen which is largely yellow, with black depressions above and variable red and black patterning below.
Palaeocharinus is a genus of extinct trigonotarbid arachnids known from the Devonian of western Europe.
Trachyrhinus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
The whip spider waits above the few strands of silk of its snare.
Trematuridae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
This mite is native to central and southern Europe and northern Africa.
Raillietia caprae Quintero, Bassols & Acevedo, 1980
It was first described by the arachnologist Elizabeth B. Bryant in 1940.
Dalmasula is a genus of goblin spiders containing five species occurring in Namibia and South Africa.
Leg spans range from 18 to 35 mm.
The Zalmoxidae are a family of harvestmen within the suborder Laniatores.
Despite the common names, they are neither true scorpions nor true spiders – though they are more closely related to scorpions than to spiders.
Cambridgea decorata is a species of spider in the genus Cambridgea found only in New Zealand.
The animal is 4–28 mm long with a flat body.
Young spiders find natural burrows under rocks or roots.
While the males have been known for over a century, the females were only described in 1980.
Bathyphantes is a genus of spiders of the family Linyphiidae.
The males of these species have a black bright head and an hairy reddish-orange abdomen, while the female's body is mostly brownish, with dark markings.
Chrysilla is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
Females lack these bright colors, being cryptic in appearance.
It is most often a parasite of birds, but also has been found to bite humans and two species of mammals.
Bertrana is a spider genus that occurs from Central to South America.
Belisarius xambeui is a species of scorpion in the family Troglotayosicidae, endemic to the eastern Pyrenees.
Like other solifuges, they are mainly nocturnal and found in arid habitats.
The Parasitiformes are an order of Acari.
It can infest mice and, rarely, other rodents.
Jajpurattus is a spider genus of jumping spiders) found in India.
However, the families Sabaconidae and Ceratolasmatidae are not; amongst other inconsistencies, Taracus is a sister group to Hesperonemastoma.
Laelapsella is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Viciria is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It spins a tube of silk that is hidden partially underground, with the portion above ground being covered in leaves and other debris.
One species is even endemic to New Guinea.
Parholaspididae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
It was described by Caporiacco in Venezuela.
Baturitia trispinosa is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Mesobuthus syriacum is a species of scorpion in the family Buthidae.
First described in 2007, it is closely related to Andreacarus gymnuromys and Andreacarus eliurus, which are found on other Malagasy rodents.
Most species are very small, and are very difficult to find in nature.
It belongs to the group of species that have comb-like setae.
Araneus pallidus is an orb-weaving spider found in Europe and in Algeria.
The southern house spider is a species of large spider in the family Filistatidae.
The complete mitochondrial genome of the type species O. striatipes was determined in 2014.
Labidostomma is a genus of mites belonging to the family Labidostommatidae.
The generic placement of the species has been questioned, and specimens identified as males of this species may actually be from a different species.
Synothele taurus Raven, 1994 — Western Australia
The filmy dome spider is a sheet weaver: a spider in the family Linyphiidae.
Almost all Dolomedes species are semi-aquatic, with the exception of the tree-dwelling D. albineus of the southwestern United States.
Epicriidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Thiratoscirtus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Mitostoma chrysomelas is an harvestmen species widely distributed in Central Europe, British Isles, France and Southeast to Bulgaria.
Dynastaspis is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Funnel-web antivenom has been found to be an effective treatment for serious bites.
Xylocolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
It requires a warm, humid environment, and is therefore problematic primarily in greenhouses.
It is considered new to the fauna of Latvia since 2009.
No drawings exist, and no studies were published on it since.
C. cuglierensis belongs to the group of species which possess two setae between coxae II and III.
Centruroides platnicki is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
The timing of its activity is geared to coincide with that of potential hosts, but hot sunny conditions are usually avoided.
The genus was first described by Charles Athanase Walckenaer in 1837.
Cicurina vespera is a rare species of spider in the family Dictynidae known by the common name Government Canyon Bat Cave meshweaver.
It spins a simple web near the ground.
The hardened abdomen projects over the cephalothorax and has six peripheral spines, with the lateral pair medium to long and slightly recurved in this species.
The rather elongated cephalothorax is orange-brown and covered in short white hairs.
Amaurobius ossa is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Greece.
Although their abdomen is shaped like a crab shell with spikes, it is not to be confused with a crab spider.
Many people go to Mount Diablo to watch the tarantulas at this time of year.
Hadrobunus is a genus of the harvestman family Sclerosomatidae with two species that occur in North America.
It is remarkable for being the first web-building cribellate spider that was found within a "primitive" araneomorph spider family.
The genus includes thirty one accepted species.
Although this species is sometimes called O. annulipes, there is also a species of that name that only occurs in Algeria.
Like other species of the genus Portia, P. africana prefers to hunt web-based spiders, jumping spiders and other types in that order.
It occurs in Central Amazonia in Brazil.
Bites are rare, an antivenom is available, and no deaths have been reported since 1901.
Other possible symptoms include nausea, vomiting, sweating, diarrhea, shock, convulsions, coma, and potentially death.
Frigga is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
The Opiliones  or  are an order of arachnids colloquially known as harvestmen, harvesters or daddy longlegs.
Most are found in India and China, with several others found in locations ranging from Madagascar to Japan.
They stay in shade to retain moisture in their bodies, as they are susceptible to losing moisture due to their environmental preference.
Chaco tucumana is a species of mygalomorph spiders of Argentina, named after its type locality: Tucumán.
Charinidae is an arachnid family within the order of tailless whip scorpions.
In 1994, it was rediscovered in Jutland.
Ozyptila nigristerna is a crab spider species found in Italy.
Flamencopsis is a genus of mygalomorph spiders, with only one species, Flamencopsis minima, found in Chile.
Parasitidae is a family of predatory mites in the order Mesostigmata that has worldwide distribution.
Pseudemathis is a genus of the jumping spiders only found on Mauritius and Réunion.
It has a high reproductive rate, a short generation time and produces many broods in a year, all of which contribute to its pest status.
Trombidium is a genus of mite with about 30 described species.
Abracadabrella lewiston is a species of jumping spider in the genus Abracadabrella.
Of the eight eyes, two appear white and are easily discerned.
Occasionally the abdomens are nearly white in color.
Tropical fowl mites undergo five stages during their development: egg, larva, protonymph, deutonymph, and adult.
Like the redknee it is a docile tarantula and popular in the pet trade.
It is found in Germany and Romania.
Both males and females are present, but males are smaller and rarely seen.
Parasitiphis is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Cynapes is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
This mite is native to Europe, where it does more damage to the plant than any other organism.
Cupiennius foliatus is a banana spider species first documented in 1901 and found in Costa Rica and Panama.
The nursery web spider is a spider indigenous to New Zealand.
It has a clearly Gondwanan distribution, with species found in Australia, South Africa and South America, and probably represent relicts of that time.
Hibana is a spider genus that is found from the United States to Brazil, including the West Indies.
Many cyphophthalmids are eyeless, and presumably rely on olfactory cues to find food and mates.
Leucauge subblanda is a similar spider found in Japan.
The spider catches insects, sometimes larger than itself, in its web, which it builds on the surface of leaves.
The spider discovered by Maddison—an adult male—is the only known specimen of the species.
Eucyrtops is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Australia.
Aphonopelma marxi is a species of spider in the family Theraphosidae, found in United States.
It was first described by Caporiacco, in 1949.
Two other species were described in this genus in the early 20th century.
Cosmobunus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
In Australia, it is often seen in buildings near human habitation.
Scotophaeus blackwalli, also known as the mouse spider, is a species of spider belonging to the family Gnaphosidae.
Larinioides is a genus of orb-weaving spiders that mostly occurs in temperate climates around the northern hemisphere.
It is recorded in the fauna list of Parley Common, a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Dorset, England.
Charippus is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
Males are generally slightly lighter and more faded in color than females.
It contains only one species, Monomotapa principalis.
Umakefeq is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
The males are much smaller than females.
They build a tubular retreat at the tip, which they camouflage with leaf litter or similar substances.
Zodarion santorini is a spider species found in Greece.
Acanthogonatus patagallina is a mygalomorph spider of Chile, named after its type locality: Pata de Gallina, Arauco, Region VIII.
While H. multipuncta is invasive and synanthropic, all other known species are endemic to islands.
Cyclolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Zebraplatys is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
For this reason, researchers interested in studying L. zacheri concomitantly study the Dermestes maculatus carrion beetle.
Mesobuthus bolensis Sun, Zhu & Lourenço, 2010
Supunna picta is a spider commonly known as the bug-mimicking swift spider and is found commonly in Australia and New Zealand.
Chaco sanjuanina is a species of mygalomorph spiders of Argentina, named after its type locality: San Agustin, Valle Fertil, San Juan, Argentina.
Nigma walckenaeri is a green cribellate spider up to five millimetres long, the largest of the family Dictynidae.
This is secreted within a rolled-up leaf fastened with silk and the female guards it until the eggs hatch.
Metaphidippus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family, found in North and South America.
Garypus titanius is a species of pseudoscorpions of the family Garypinidae.
Trombiculid mites go through a lifecycle of egg, larva, nymph, and adult.
Encymachus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
Centruroides robertoi is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Mantius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It is the only described species in the genus Sonoita.
Acarotalpa is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
One species, N. adianta, has a palearctic distribution, and several species occur in North America.
Bannana is a genus of goblin spiders native to Xishuangbanna prefecture, Yunnan Province, China, where it lives in the leaf-litter of tropical rainforest.
The male emerges as well, but does not look for food or new mates, and dies after a few hours.
They have two minute setae in place of a colulus, and thick legs.
Tegolophus is a genus of acari, including the following species:
Rhipicephalus is a genus of ticks in the family Ixodidae, the hard ticks, consisting of about 74 to 75 species.
Brachistosternus ehrenbergii is a scorpion species and the most cited species in the genus Brachistosternus.
Euscorpius is a genus of scorpions, commonly called small wood-scorpions.
It is named for the 1998 film The Big Lebowski.
Genus and species are thus a nomen dubium.
Because of their parasitic lifestyle, members of the Psoroptidia do not exhibit a deutonymph stage.
Dictyna tullgreni is a species of spider in the Dictynidae family.
It is the type species of the genus Ballus.
Cryptomartus hindi was a species of trigonotarbid, which is an extinct group of arachnids whose fossil record extends from the late Silurian to the early Permian.
An important Early Devonian fossil example from Gilboa, New York, was originally described as a member of the extinct order Trigonotarbida and named Gelasinotarbus?
P. fimbriata in Queensland is an outstanding predator of other jumping spiders and of web spiders, but poor against insects.
There is very little known about most species in this genus.
Gnaphosa rufula is a ground spider species found in Hungary, Russia, Kazakhstan, Lebanon and Israel.
Mungosicola is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
The other leg segments are yellow, becoming brown at the distal ends, as are all of the legs of the males.
Females will construct about three of these egg sacs over their two-year lives.
These ticks are considered soft ticks, because of their subterminal capitulum found in nymphs and adult ticks.
However, the larvae and nymph forms will feed on small mammals including dogs and other wildlife.
Belliena is a genus of jumping spiders.
Unlike in orb webs, all cells in the web are rectangular.
Ixodes hexagonus is a tick species in the genus Ixodes.
Syndaesia mastix is a species of arachnids in the order Solifugae, and the only member of the genus Syndaesia.
Oligonychus ilicis, a pest of many woody ornamentals, especially azaleas and camellias, first described from American holly
Gamasellus is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Lamottella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Ruehmnenteria is a genus of mites in the family Nenteriidae.
Some males in this group have eyes set up on mounds or turrets.
Previously placed in the genus Avicularia, C. versicolor is native to Martinique in the Caribbean Sea.
It seems to be more closely related to Taracus than to Ceratolasma.
Like many Old World tarantulas, they have a strong venom, and can inflict a painful bite.
A subspecies, Spilargis ignicolor bimaculata, is found on the Moluccas.
Jotus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Pseudicius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Synemosyninae is a subfamily of spiders belonging to the family Salticidae, the order Araneae and the class Arachnida.
The specific epithet is given to honor Swedish arachnologist Tamerlan Thorell.
Its only species A. helveolus is found in Europe.
It is the most common and widespread species in the Palystes genus.
Semljicola angulatus is a spider species found in Scandinavia, Russia, Mongolia and Sakhalin.
Eleutherengonides is a group of mites, ranked as a "supercohort", between the taxonomic rank of order and family.
Araneus circe is an orb-weaving spider species with a Palearctic distribution.
Iphiseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Typhlodromus is a genus of predatory mites belonging to the family Phytoseiidae.
Agelena suboculata is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
The type species S. aschnae is only known from male specimens.
Oligonychus perseae, a top pest of avocado in California, also on ornamentals
Quadromalus is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
Euzerconidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Neogamasellevans is a genus of mites in the family Ologamasidae.
Its only species, Thianella disjuncta, occurs only on Java.
Amaurobius obustus is a species of spider in the family Amaurobiidae, found in Europe.
This spider does not use a hideout, because it is camouflaged by its green colour.
Aphirape is a genus of jumping spiders, native to South America.
Diplocanthopoda is a genus of jumping spiders.
A katipo bite produces the toxic syndrome latrodectism; symptoms include extreme pain and, potentially, hypertension, seizure, or coma.
Body and legs are covered in long hairs.
Maevia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The name is combined of Greek pseudo "false" and the salticid genus name Fluda.
All nephiline genera partially renew their webs.
With a leg span that hovers around 5 cm, it is by far the smallest known theraphosid.
All the described species are endemic to southern Africa.
Other disease-causing bacterial agents isolated from lone star ticks include Francisella tularensis, Rickettsia amblyommii, and Coxiella burnetti.
Yield loss to redberry mite damage can range from 10 to 50% of the total blackberry crop.
These spiders are large enough to easily capture grasshoppers, crickets, and other such large agricultural pests.
Rhagodia is a genus in the arachnid order Solifugae, comprising four species.
It is New Zealand's largest known spider in terms of leg span and it has a body length of 2.4 centimetres.
It was previously known as Isopeda immanis for many years.
The female's body measures up to 22 millimetres long with a leg span of about 70 mm; as with most spiders the male is considerably smaller.
Zodarion elegans is a spider species found in Southern Europe and North Africa.
Hadronyche macquariensis, the Port Macquarie funnel-web spider, is a venomous mygalomorph spider, one of a number of Australian funnel-web spiders found in New South Wales.
It has also been introduced to Canada.
It was first described by Fage in 1938.
The spider lives in gardens, wooded areas, or wherever there is vegetation to string an orb web across.
It seems unlikely that Attercopus spun webs, but it may have used its silk to wrap eggs, lay draglines or construct burrow walls.
Centruroides pallidiceps is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
The female deposits its eggs in a grey sac.
The sociality of Anelosimus eximius aids in the increased fitness of the species.
Celaenopsidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Bavia kairali is a species of jumping spider in the genus Bavia.
The female is brown with a pale stripe down the middle of the carapace and a pattern of pale rings and spots on the legs.
Pandinus magrettii, is a species of scorpion native to Africa.
It is common on the North Island, and uncommon on the South Island.
The members of this family are haplogyne, possessing unsclerotised genitals in females.
Pseudamycus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The web is usually constructed among flower heads, the spider sitting in full view beside the web on a pad of silk.
Social Anelosimus species are generally highly inbred and have female-biased sex ratios, with up to 10 females per male.
Pesticides can also be used and are most effective when they are applied to vegetation that has been cut to a short level.
Males have a body length of 1.85–2.40 centimetres, while females' body length is 2.20–2.65 centimetres.
Notolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
One species, O. pulcher, is not only found in Europe and North Africa, but also on Tasmania, although no species occurs on the Australian mainland.
Buresilia is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
Philodromus parietalis is a spider species found in Spain and France.
Chirothecia is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
Trachygamasus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
Carabella is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
They are often found in seeding heads of grasses, where the females build and camouflage their egg sacs.
Although it is a widespread European species, it is not common.
Hamitergum eobius is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Gasteracantha fornicata is a species of spiny orb-weavers found in Queensland Australia.
Ephebopus rufescens, known as the red skeleton tarantula, is a species of tarantula.
Admestina is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae.
Deinopis subrufa is a species of net-casting spiders.
Amblyomma tonelliae is a species of tick of the genus Amblyomma.
The name refers to the coiled tip of the middle apophysis, one of the defining characteristics of the species.
Five of the six described species are found in the Australian region, the exception being Ligonipes similis, recorded as being from Sumatra.
The female is only 0.5 mm in length, the male even smaller.
Szombathy described both sexes of this ant-like species, with both about six millimeters long, and put them close to Agorius.
Anapistula secreta Gertsch, 1941 — USA to Colombia, Bahama Islands, Jamaica
Amycinae is a subfamily of jumping spiders.
It was first described in 1833 by Blackwall.
It is the sister genus of Gnolus.
Ondatralaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Cytaea levii is a species of jumping spider.
Males' abdomens are yellow-orange to orange-brown with blackish mottling, and on the upper sides are black and light orange hairs, and nine white tufts.
This dark grey spider, up to 8.5 mm in length, can only be separated from its closest congener, Acantholycosa khakassica by details of the genitalia.
They contain several highly venomous species, and fatalities are known to occur.
Hasarius rufociliatus is a species of jumping spiders.
Buthus is a genus of scorpion belonging and being eponymous to the family Buthidae.
A test showed that they minimise the risk of confrontations by using silk draglines as territory marks.
The Colombian lesserblack tarantula is a tarantula originating from Colombia.
Micrommata aragonensis is a spider species found in Spain.
Atypus piceus is a mygalomorph spider of the Atypidae family.
Chirolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Most countries in tropical or temperate climates host one or more species that are similar in appearance.
It is commonly found in primary and secondary forests and gardens.
Maratus volans is a species in the jumping spider family, belonging to the genus Maratus.
Megadolomedes is a genus of spider in the family Pisauridae.
Note that species Chilobrachys jingzhao, identified in 2001, was found to be a synonym of Chilobrachys guangxiensis in 2008.
Hindumanes is a genus of jumping spiders found in India.
Gonyleptoidea is the only group of harvestmen to show maternal care of offspring.
The tarantula may kill the scorpion even if it is the scorpion that attacks first.
In the female the abdomen is large and spherical, with two small holes.
Agelena longipes is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
The species was found in Joshua Tree National Park, California, and described by the Auburn University professor Jason Bond in 2012.
Anoploscelus is a genus of spiders in the family Theraphosidae.
Mongolicosa gobiensis is a species of wolf spider only known from a single female collected in Khürmen district, Ömnögovi Province, Mongolia.
Gigantolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
Peucetia viridana is a species of spider found in India and Myanmar.
Leiobunum are also known as "daddy long legs".
Argyrodes lepidus is a species of tangle web spider in the genus Argyrodes found in New Zealand.
Eresus moravicus is a spider species in the family Eresidae found in Austria, Hungary, Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Ashieldophyidae Mohanasundaram, 1984 and Pentasetacidae Shevchenko, 1991 but these families were placed by J. W. Armine and T. A. Stasny within larger groups.
Amblyseius ankaratrae is a species of mite in the Phytoseiidae family.
Atypus karschi is a mygalomorph spider that lives in Japan, China, and Taiwan.
The specific epithet honors the scientific contributions of Dr. Jane Brotherton Walker.
It includes arounds 300 species and is classified under the lynx spider family Oxyopidae.
As of 2017, it contains 6 species.
The Nipponopsalididae are a family of harvestmen with two described species.
Euophrys is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae with almost worldwide distribution.
Zodarion frenatum is a spider species found in Italy, Bulgaria, Greece, Crete, Corfu and Turkey.
Z. germanicum specifically mimics large dark ants, such as Formica cinerea, F. truncorum, and Camponotus ligniperda.
Its single described species, Gramenca prima, is found in Guinea.
It may be found in proximity to human structures, such as basements or sheds.
This species is associated with the gall mite Eriophyes vitis on grapevines in the vicinity of Grabouw, South Africa.
Acaricis urigersoni is a species of mite.
Semljicola is a genus of spiders in the Linyphiidae family.
Its single described species M. galianoae is found in Argentina.
They catch their prey using a specially spun "net".
Amblyomma interandinum is a species of tick of the genus Amblyomma.
Nothogynus is a genus of mites placed in its own family, Nothogynidae, in the order Mesostigmata.
It was first described in 1901 by Simon.
Ariamnes colubrinus, known as the whip spider, is a common Australian spider belonging to the family Theridiidae.
Orb-weavers' bites are generally harmless to humans.
If he finds one, he will quaver on her lid with his legs.
Philodromus longipalpis is a spider species found in Europe, Iran and Azerbaijan.
Spelaeorhynchus is a genus of mites placed in its own family, Spelaeorhynchidae, in the order Mesostigmata.
Its preferred habitat is scrubland and savannah woodland.
Baloghella is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
There are three subspecies: Alaskozetes antarcticus antarcticus, Alaskozetes antarcticus grandjeani, and Alaskozetes antarcticus intermedius.
They can grow up to a solid 6.5 inch leg span, with males typically being smaller and thinner than the females.
All described species are endemic to Sierra Leone.
Isometrus isadensis is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Adult members of this genus of spiders can reach 5–6 millimetres of length and can mostly be encountered above the soil surface on low vegetation.
Rarahu is a genus of jumping spiders endemic to Samoa.
Opilioacariformes may be the sister group to the Parasitiformes.
Their body is brownish with dark markings, the females being lighter colored.
This is a black spider with a velvety texture.
Segregara is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae with species found in South Africa.
Cheyletidae is a family of mites in the order Trombidiformes.
Wanlessia denticulata is a species of jumping spider.
Acantholycosa logunovi is a species of wolf spider only known from the Altai Mountains in Russia.
As of 2017, it contains only one species, Pseudemathis trifida.
It is also introduced in parts of Africa, including Cameroon and Gabon, as well as the Canary Islands.
Zodarion alentejanum is a spider species found in Portugal.
The affinities of phalangiotarbids are obscure, with most authors favouring affinities with Opiliones and/or Acari.
This was possibly the common way of feeding for ticks before they adapted for feeding on the blood of live animals.
Ozyptila bejarana is a species of crab spiders found in Spain and France.
They are most numerous in early summer when grass, weeds, and other vegetation are heaviest.
It is the primary vector of Ehrlichia chaffeensis, which causes human monocytic ehrlichiosis, and Ehrlichia ewingii, which causes human and canine granulocytic ehrlichiosis.
However, no study was published on it since its first description in 1915.
It favors dense forests along creeks where colonies can build huge complex webs.
Their larvae live parasitically; they infect all domestic mammals, humans, and some ground-nesting birds.
Its silk is the toughest biological material ever studied, over ten times tougher than a similarly-sized piece of Kevlar.
Ixodes cornuatus is difficult to distinguish from I. holocyclus.
Amblyomma maculatum is a species of tick in the genus Amblyomma.
Steatoda bipunctata is a species of cob-web spider, of the genus Steatoda, in the family Theridiidae.
Genysa is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Madagascar.
Stagetillus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
Microzaleptus quadratus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
Yania is a genus of harvestmen from South America.
Phidippus zethus is a species of jumping spider native to Mexico.
As well, ornamental specimens of spruce and most other conifers throughout the range often suffer damage.
Listrophorus leuckarti – meadow vole; house mouse
Isometrus acanthurus is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Gagrellissa jacobsoni is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
They are endemic to the island of Oahu in the Hawaiian Islands.
Ceratogyrus darlingi is a theraphosid spider from southern Africa, mainly Botswana and Lesotho.
To check for the presence of mites, sharply jar suspected foliage over a piece of white paper, and watch for movement of tiny objects.
Machadoglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Both described species are found on the West Indies.
The color of the opistosoma may be black or dark brownish.
The scientific name of the species was first published in 1960 by Yamaguchi.
Acragas erythraeus is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas.
Malthonica is a genus of spiders in the family Agelenidae.
It is one of many species in the genus Latrodectus, such as the Australian redback, and the North American black widows.
Nihoa is a spider genus in the mygalomorph family Barychelidae.
It can only be distinguished with certainty from related species by details of the genitalia.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 1900 by simon.
Cryptomaster is a genus of opilionid arachnid, consisting of C. leviathan and C. behemoth.
Neoscona domiciliorum, commonly known as the spotted orbweaver or redfemured spotted orbweaver, is a spider in the family Araneidae.
It feeds on Fuchsia plants, causing distortion of growing shoots and flowers.
Oonops procerus is a spider species found in France and Spain.
Cytaea carolinensis is a species of jumping spiders.
Females will construct about three of these egg sacs over their two-year lives.
Alycus is a genus of mite, including the species Alycus roseus.
Neotenogyniidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
Myrmoglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Sometimes they might be found under the stones.
This species is sometimes called the Guyana pinktoe, common pinktoe, or South American pinktoe.
Ghanacarus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
Chaetopelma olivaceum is a species of mygalomorph spider, belonging to the tarantula family.
Others are free-ranging predators which can be found in soil, forest litter, animal nests, and house dust, under tree bark, and on foliage.
Species previously described in Phidippus which are found in India and Bangladesh do not belong in this genus.
Gea is a spider genus in the family Araneidae.
In August 2012, one was found in a 6-foot-deep natural hole in Northwest San Antonio, halting completion of a $15-million highway underpass.
The females die at the age of 4 days, when their own offspring eat them alive from the inside.
Tusitala is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
It is primarily found in East Africa.
It is a member of the genus Latrodectus, which includes species known as widow spiders, which is placed in the Theridiidae family.
Agelena jumbo is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
When disturbed, they tend to remain motionless for up to several minutes.
Females try to kill and eat their mates during or after copulation, and subadult females mimic adult females to attract males as prey.
Gorgyrella is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Africa.
Paraproctolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
Centruroides baracoae is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family.
Pholaseius is a genus of mites in the Phytoseiidae family.
The web of a colony of A. eximius can reach cover entire tree canopies and contain tens of thousands of individuals.
Rilaena is a genus of the harvestman family Phalangiidae.
Mastigoproctus colombianus is a whip scorpion species found in Colombia, South America, near west deserts areas.
The genus name is derived from Nagaina, a female black cobra animal-character from Rudyard Kipling's story Rikki-Tikki-Tavi.
One of the biggest and most common species is T. extensa, which has a holarctic distribution.
Zodarion germanicum is a spider species of the family Zodariidae.
It was first described by British arachnologists Richard C. Gallon, Ray Gabriel, and Guy Tansley in 2012.
Adult numbers have been estimated at less than 5,000, making it one of the rarest wolf spider species.
Blattisocius dentriticus is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae.
Bulolia is a genus of spiders in the Salticidae family.
Pardosa kratochvili is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Hungary.
The pedipalps in nymphs and females look similar to legs.
When a moth strikes the web, it slides down the ladder, leaving behind scales on the sticky silk till it is completely ensnared.
The goldenrod crab spider is the largest and most well-known of the North American flower spiders, commonly seen hunting in goldenrod sprays in autumn.
Psammogeaya arenata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
It has been described by Fox, in 1936.
Langona is a spider genus of the Salticidae family.
The species epithet, "mahina", means "moon" in the Hawaiian language, referring how Sheila Conant discovered the spider by the light of the moon.
The previous recorded sightings of the species in the UK were in 1898 and 1912 at Wicken Fen, Cambridgeshire.
Described in 1985, it was for some time the only described species in the genus Eupoa; however, since 1997 six new species have been reported.
It was first found in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra, India.
Efate is a genus of the spider family Salticidae.
