Several of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Charles Frederic Bartberger was a German American architect.
First Avenue Bridge, US 151 over Cedar River, Cedar Rapids, Iowa
His particular expertise is in combining artistic aspects with environmental planning and implementation with regard to water in an urban setting.
He served as the King's Master of Works under James VI, and Charles I.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Bradley Cantrell is an award-winning landscape architect and academic researching computation in landscape architecture.
Frédéric Borel is a French architect, born in 1959 in Roanne.
Baron Karl von Hasenauer was an important Austrian architect and key representative of the Historismus school.
In 2007, He served as a president of AIA Japan.
Strand Theatre,, 630 Crockett Shreveport, LA, NRHP-listed
Later, he joined in a city planning with E. May, at the invitation of the Soviets.
Rossiter donated the design for the building, which was built using fieldstone and wood donated by local farmers and merchants.
Not to be confused with American architect C.P.H.
Horia Creangă was a Romanian architect and key figure of the modernist movement.
Juraj Neidhardt was an architect, teacher, urban planner and writer.
In the 1990s he pursued property development and was director of a number of property companies in the north of England [1] .
Mayerovitch was born in Montreal on April 16, 1910 to Romanian-Jewish parents from the region of Bessarabia.
Following the removal of Thomas K. Lindsay from the position of president of Shimer College, he was appointed interim president effective April 20, 2010.
Watonga Armory, 301 W. Main, Watonga, OK NRHP-listed
The firm prospered until 1931, then dissolved under the impact of the Depression.
Burns Cottage, 988 Alloway Pl., SE Atlanta, GA, NRHP-listed
He was partners in the firms of Berninger, Haag & d'Entremont and Haag & d'Entremont.
Ivan Ivanovich Gornostaev, preservationist of historical buildings and chief architect of Saint Petersburg Public Library and University
He was the son of Edward Holmes and Elisa Henrietta Roulet, christened on 7 September 1832 in St. Mary's Church, Moseley.
He was born in Rock Island, Illinois and raised in Hibbing, Minnesota.
In his partnership with Seely he concentrated more on their clients than on design work.
Most of Crosby's surviving buildings are in Virginia.
Robert Smith was a Scottish-born American architect who was based in Philadelphia.
His office was located on Main Street, Yonkers, New York in the 1900s and at 31 East 27th Street, New York City in the 1910s.
He apprenticed first under William Thomas and then under Frederick William Cumberland.
At the time of her death, she was living in Paris, France.
But it was his work as an architect that made him an enduring figure.
Brenna worked on Pavlovsk Palace and Gatchina palaces, rebuilt Saint Isaac's Cathedral, and most notably created Saint Michael's Castle in Saint Petersburg.
Thomas Allom was an English architect, artist, and topographical illustrator.
He was an Assistant in Architecture at the University from 1893-1896.
with NC 111, Kornegay, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Carl Georg Ferdinand Thielemann was a Danish architect and royal building inspector during the 19h century.
J H Haycock was apprenticed to his father and became a freeman of the Shrewsbury Carpenters’ and Bricklayers’ Company in 1796.
Walter William Ahlschlager was a 20th-century American architect.
Logan School, 815 Elmwood Ave., Columbia, South Carolina
This approach brought sanitation, potable water, electricity, storm drains, paved lanes with street lighting and community services to millions of low income citizens of Kolkata.
In 1898, Sears was commissioned to design the Pilgrim Monument in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
Oud died in 1963 at the age of 73 in Wassenaar.
In 1920s–1930s, he concentrated on graphic art and was praised as the best architectural draftsman in London.
Many of his buildings are still standing and some are still in use.
Seubert & Warner Building, 239-41 West Fayette Street, included in the Armory Square Historic District, Syracuse, New York
Maryhill, SW of Goldendale on U.S. 197, Goldendale, Washington, NRHP-listed
Alex B. Mahood was a Bluefield, West Virginia-based architect.
Amberg's design was used in the replacement building in Højbro Plads after St Nicholas Church was destroyed in the fire of 1795.
James L. Fleming House, 302 S. Greene St., Greenville, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Fremont County Courthouse, built 1909, 151 W. 1st St., N., St. Anthony, ID, NRHP-listed
Architect, Stadium & Arena Management and SPACE magazine, and is a frequent lecturer at architectural schools across the world.
He is a Swedish-qualified architect SAR / MSA and a fully qualified and licensed Italian architect too.
John Shepard House, Shepard Park Rd., Norfolk, CT, NRHP-listed
Storey continued to work with government agencies into the 1950s, including projects for the Federal Housing Authority and United States Navy's Sand Point Naval Air Station.
Antonin Raymond, born as Antonín Reimann, was a Czech American architect.
He won the Pritzker Architecture Prize in 1998.
Miller retired in 1937 at age 68.
Robert W. Gibson, AIA, was an English-born American ecclesiastical architect active in late-nineteenth- and early-twentieth-century New York City and New York State.
He was born in Christchurch and graduated from the University of Auckland in 1963 with a Diploma of Architecture.
He was a member of the Tuxedo Club and designed many of the buildings at Tuxedo Park, New York.
He has been referred to as the "Builder on the Prairie" and was "considered the premier architect of South Dakota in the late 19th century."
His station designs for London Underground became the corporation's standard design influencing designs by all architects working for the organisation in the 1930s.
Shahira Fahmy is an Adjunct Assistant Professor at Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation, GSAPP at Columbia University.
He was the major developer of the Galante Style, by which he translated the Rococó into Mexican terms.
William Mortimer Brutton was a British architect.
In 1917 he established an architectural firm in Salt Lake City with Miles Miller and Wright's other draftsman from Utah, Taylor Woolley, that lasted until 1922.
Michael taught at the Yale School of Architecture for ten years, and coordinated the Yale Urban Design Workshop, a community design center.
Kappe is still actively involved in architectural theory and practice, particularly in the areas of sustainability and the prefabrication of residences.
Augustus Frederick Livesay, known professionally as A. F. Livesay, was an architect based in Portsmouth and the Isle of Wight, England.
This brought him into association with Buckminister Fuller, Arnold Toynbee, Margaret Mead and Jaquline Tyrwhitt.
Afterwards he worked in Italy with Giovanni Michelucci.
His work culminated in designing the interior of the Palace of Westminster in Westminster, London, England.
She was Australia’s first female architectural academic and the University of Melbourne’s first female graduate of architecture.
At least two of Ives works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He joined the American Institute of Architects in 1895 and became a fellow that year.
His two main construction projects were abandoned for political or financial reasons.
Born in Hong Kong, he immigrated to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada with his family in 1950.
Stephen Child is buried in Painesville, Ohio.
David Stirling was a Canadian architect of Scottish birth.
William H. Nicklas was an Ohio architect who was best known for his church designs in partnership with Sidney Badgley.
Rosenfeld Building, 32-42 S. Paca St., Baltimore, Maryland, NRHP-listed
Hill Carter was born in Virginia and was educated at Danville Military Academy.
Leroy Napier House, 2215 Napier Ave., Macon, GA, NRHP-listed
He was born in Hanover, Germany in 1856 and studied at the University of Hanover's technical school.
He graduated from the Kiev State Institute of Art in 1981, architectural department.
In 1875, he married Grace Wakefield from Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Thomas Penson the younger, completed its replacement.
Tihany was named one of the greatest American interior architects by The New York Times in 2001.
The Lindenlea Housing Project, Ottawa – 1919-21
He designed many Modernist buildings in Miami and abroad.
He was a leading force in the planning efforts surrounding Expo 67.
He worked with Antoni Gaudí on many of his most famous works.
St. Luke's Church, Kensington, and Parish House - East Huntington and B Streets, Philadelphia.
B. Lowenstein & Brothers Building, 27 S. Main St., Memphis, Tennessee, NRHP-listed
Gideon Shryock was an American Greek Revival architect.
Vico Magistretti was an Italian industrial designer, known as a furniture designer and architect.
That appears to be a misstatement of local architect Joseph A. Shannon's name.
In 1850 he was appointed to command the survey ship Pownah where for six years he surveyed the Gulf of Cutch on the Malabar Coast.
He called for a radical new development plan, in which Flachbauten low-rise and high-rise buildings played an important part.
Mary Rockwell Hook was an American architect and a pioneer for women in architecture.
He designed more than 1,000 buildings in the state of Maine.
Cullinan founded his own practice in 1959.
Having written at length on new modes of architecture, design, and planning:
Otto Bartning was a Modernist German architect, architectural theorist and teacher.
is a German non-profit organization headquartered in Hannover.
He worked primarily in Trondheim, but he was also responsible for the design of buildings in other parts of Norway.
The firm has grown to become COX Architects, which has 400 staff.
Stonewall Post Office, 357 Main Street, Stonewall, Manitoba, Canada – 1915 [1]
He designed only five known buildings, but was highly influential, establishing a particularly English type of house, which was widely imitated.
Victor Cullen School Power House, MD 81, Sabillasville, MD,
He designed a building for prefabrication that was widely used by Gulf and other oil companies.
Zion Presbyterian Church, SC 154, St. Charles Rd.
After Speer's indictment and imprisonment for war crimes, Wolters stood by him.
Pearce designed many of his building in the Victorian Gothic architectural style, a good example being the town hall in Great Yarmouth opened in 1882.
Architect Frank E. Hahn designed the exterior in 1920, and Lee contributed the design of the interior in 1925.
Dr. Ashkouri is currently working on developments in the United States.
A number of its works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Warne established his architectural practice in Parkersburg in 1892, after having traveled extensively throughout the United States and in Europe.
George Tattersall was an English sporting artist and architect.
There he became known as Stephen Hallet.
Military Road School, 1375 Missouri Ave., NW, Washington, D.C., NRHP-listed
As part of his defense, Beadle's lawyer pointed out that another local architect, one Frank Lloyd Wright, was also practicing without the proper credentials.
Mifflin Emlen Bell, often known as M.E.
Christine Conix is a Belgian architect whose projects have been described as innovative and diverse and creative.
1951 Beadle Home #4 Royal Palm Villa, Phoenix
Hull was an architect based in Jackson, Mississippi who designed 10 or so county courthouses in the American South.
After graduating from Tokyo University, Jun Mitsui worked for Architect Shinichi Okada in Japan until 1982.
Kletting and then split off to work on his own in 1895.
Arthur R. Nichols was a landscape architect who practiced in New York City and Minnesota in a long career from 1902 through 1960.
He, along with Lahdelma and 6 others, was a partner in the architecture firm 8 Studio from 1986 to 1993.
Von Hartel is also a board member of the Queen Victoria Market.
Winyah Indigo School, 1200 Highmarket St. Georgetown, SC, NRHP-listed
From 1990 to 2000 he worked in Enric Miralles's office as an associated architect.
Jacek Krenz, born in 1948 in Poznań, Poland, is an academic architect and painter.
Rand was also one of the first major architects to work on designs of buildings for Rollins College.
Florestano Di Fausto was an Italian architect, engineer and politician who is best known for his building designs in the Italian overseas territories around the Mediterranean.
Williamson School, 301 Williamson Ave., Williamson, Iowa, NRHP-listed
He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was a member of the University Pitt Club.
A few of his homes are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
William Kurke retired in 1958, and the practice lasted into the 1960s under the leadership of his son.
Ismagil Gaynutdinov was a Soviet architect, educator, and social activist of Tatar ethnicity.
He also studied at the Petit Séminaire de Québec and then studied in Paris for three years, returning to Lower Canada in 1781.
In 1919, he partnered with Myrl A. McClenahan.
He is most commonly known for his neo-classical architecture.
Lemann Store, 314 Mississippi Street, Donaldsonville, Louisiana, NRHP-listed
Amanda Jane Levete, CBE is a Stirling Prize-winning British architect, and principal of AL A.
He was a graduate of Cornell University College of Architecture, Art, and Planning.
In England he associated with promising young artists such as Barbara Hepworth and Victor Pasmore.
Health Education Building, 1611 4th St. Charleston, IL, NRHP-listed
Frank Emerson and Herbert Hewitt were the partners.
George Wilkinson, FRIBA was a British architect who practised largely in Ireland.
Patrick Henry Weathers, commonly known as P.H.
Shannon was born March 21, 1859 and grew up in Edina, Missouri.
Several of his works, including the Medical Arts Building and Little Rock Central High School, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
After the First World War he increasingly simplified his style and his designs became pared-down and modernist, influenced by European architecture.
He produced many works, and contributed extensively with Annibale Rigotti, most notably on the Ananta Samakhom Throne Hall.
The firm was composed of principals Leonard J. Lundgren and Edward J. Maurer.
Hudson Architects are a British architecture practice based in Norwich, London and Holt, UK.
Charles Bartberger graduated from the Polytechnic Institute of Karlsruhe in 1843.
He taught architecture at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Architecture, where he also served as dean.
Before returning to Hamilton he worked in New York City for several years.
Min Hyun-sik(born 21 October 1946) is a South Korean architect.
Sir Charles Archibald Nicholson, 2nd Baronet, was an English church architect.
The project generated headlines when it broke records for the largest continuous concrete pour.
Simple considerations like the sloping of roofs and extending overhangs on houses proved well suited for the intense sun and rain in tropical Miami.
His individual, exuberant style built on the Palladian style, but with Baroque details inspired by Vanbrugh and Continental architecture.
He is best known for designing Spanish Revival buildings and houses in California, especially in Beverly Hills, California.
He designed many English country houses, war memorials and public buildings.
James William Beekman House, West Shore Rd.
Jun Mitsui is a member of AIA, JIA and Japan Architects Academy, and is a licensed architect in both Japan and the United States.
Clarence William Whitehead Mayhew was an American architect best known as a designer of contemporary residential structures in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Big Stone County Courthouse,, 20 2nd St., SE Ortonville, MN, NRHP-listed
Webster County Courthouse, 225 W. 6th St. Red Cloud, NE, NRHP-listed
In 1845, he was ordained a Seventy and was called to a mission in Australia, arriving in Sydney in 1851.
Michael Ulrich Hensel is a German architect, researcher, educator and writer.
Anna Klingmann is a German architect, author and academic who specializes in branding.
Boris Bernaskoni is a Russian architect, engineer, publisher, the recipient of architectural awards and a participant in various architectural exhibitions.
His architectural work, compressed into a single decade, placed Melnikov on the front end of 1920s avant-garde architecture.
Yamamoto was a professor at Yokohama National University from 2000 to 2011.
Swain County Courthouse, Main and Fry Sts., Bryson City, N.C.,, NRHP-listed
Frederick Charles Eden was an English church architect and designer.
He arrived as the supervising architect for a Carnegie Library.
He also designed the Colonia Solana allotment in Tucson.
The Donnelly Science Center was one of his most well-known designs because during the time of its construction, it was a topic of debate.
He was buried in the graveyard of St. Augustine's Chapel, which he had designed.
He received an Honor Award from the American Institute of Architects in 1977 and became a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1979.
By an extraordinary opportunity in 1972, he started designing play areas and elements that encouraged children to learn through play.
Curtis Fentress was inducted into the Colorado Business Hall of Fame by Junior Achievement-Rocky Mountain and the Denver Metro Chamber of Commerce in 2017.
He became business partner of John Seely, whom he met at Cambridge and with whom he restored many damaged church buildings after World War II.
De Silva was also the first Asian representative of CIAM in 1947 and was one of the founding members of the Architectural publication Marg.
John Edward Lautner was an American architect.
John Strahan was an architect working in Bristol and Bath, England in the early 18th century.
Irving John Gill, was an American architect.
Charles grandson stated in 1966 that the family felt that Charles best work as DeMotte Hall on the campus of Valparaiso University.
Sir John Taylor, KCB, FRIBA was a British architect.
Idaho Power Substation, Van Buren St. and Filer Ave., Twin Falls, ID, NRHP-listed
Pilgram is known as the sculptor of the portal of Old City Hall in Brno and craftsman of the pulpit in St. Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna.
He then worked for Leoni W. Robinson in New Haven.
Shigeru Ban is a Japanese architect, known for his innovative work with paper, particularly recycled cardboard tubes used to quickly and efficiently house disaster victims.
Brunskill contributed significantly to assessing the date, extent and impact of the Great Rebuilding of England.
In 1993, he received the Pritzker Prize for his work, which often explores pioneering uses of new materials and fuses the cultures of east and west.
Agriculture Hall, Iowa State University Ames, IA, NRHP-listed
Patricia Saldaña Natke is an American architect, founding partner and president of UrbanWorks, Ltd., a Chicago-based architecture, interiors, and urban planning firm.
Greer received subsequent training in the Atlanta firm of Hentz & Reid.
Lua Curtiss House II, 150 Hunting Lodge Miami Springs, FL, NRHP-listed
White Pines State Park Lodge and Cabins, RR #1 Mount Morris, IL, NRHP-listed
Dan S. Hanganu, CM OQ is a Romanian-born Canadian architect.
His influence was specifically felt in Dunedin, Wellington and Hastings, yet he also realised projects in Alexandra, Invercargill, Palmerston, Palmerston North, Rotorua, Waimate North and Wanaka.
Architect Santos-Viola was the only Filipino Architect who designed churches that were built all over the Philippines.
Redmayne died at his residence, Great Stoakley in Haselmere in 1912.
Hutchinson died on 22 November 1831 in Leamington Spa and was buried on the north side of Hampton Lucy Church, which he had designed in 1822.
Austin Willard Lord FAIA was an American architect and painter.
Author of numerous accomplishments in Reims and Soissons before the Great War, he participated actively in the reconstruction of Reims in the immediate post war.
George M. White FAIA was an American architect who served as the Architect of the Capitol from January 27, 1971 to November 21, 1995.
Arthur was a professor until 1966, and remained a professor emeritus until his death.
She is the founding principal of Roberta Washington Architects, one of the only architecture firms in the United States led by an African-American woman.
He was also surveyor for St Thomas' Hospital and Guy's Hospital; he also designed a private home in Denmark Hill.
St. Luke's Protestant Episcopal Church, 520 Clinton Ave., Brooklyn, New York, NRHP-listed
People's African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, 711 E. Fayette St., Syracuse NY
He was the architect for the York Diocese.
Adrian Pearsall founded Craft Associates in Pennsylvania in 1952 to manufacture his own designs.
Lampasas County Courthouse, Bounded by S. Live Oak, E. 4th, S. Pecan, and E. 3rd Sts.
He was also a founder of the local Commandery of Knights Templar.
He was born in Germany as the eldest of 12 brothers and sisters.
He also designed the Hillcrest Jewish Center, the Queensboro Jewish Center and Temple Beth Sholom, all in Queens.
In 1833, he returned to Baltimore and in 1835, became a member of the survey party working on the Baltimore and Port Deposit Railroad,.
Other influences include Zaha Hadid and Rem Koolhaas.
Richard Coad was a 19th-century Cornish architect.
He studied the civil engineer career, but he didn't finish it.
Furthermore he was founding member of the Academia Mexicana de Arquitectura and of the association of industrial designers.
Olav Haug was a Norwegian furniture designer and master craftsman whose furniture designs demonstrated a deep understanding of woodwork and quality craftsmanship.
At this time, Asheim moved to a consulting position.
He designed grand estates for some of “Detroit’s most important clans” and business magnates, as well as the families of Michigan Governors.
He was the first Italian to receive the Pritzker Prize for architecture.
One or more works in Edenton Historic District, roughly bounded by E. & W. Freemason, S. Oakum, E. & W. Water, and Mosely Sts.
Niemeyer's first major project was a series of buildings for Pampulha, a planned suburb north of Belo Horizonte.
She is principal architect of Santos Prescott and Associates, based in San Francisco and Somerville, Massachusetts.
He immigrated to the U.S. in 1855.
He created modern homes in the Chicago area and some in Connecticut, including The Allen House which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He worked in New York and then moved to Denver, Colorado.
Van Bergen designed prairie style homes in the Chicago area, mostly in the suburbs of Oak Park and River Forest.
Longfellow School, 1511 N. 9th St., Boise, ID, NRHP-listed
Griggs & Hunt grew into Waterbury's leading architectural firm, and lasted until Hunt moved to Torrington in late 1914.
McDonald constructed his first house, located at 801 Lathrop Avenue, Racine, Wisconsin in 1949.
Majestic Hotel, 1017-23 Pine St. and 200-10 N. 11th St., St. Louis
For continuing education, he took up an Advanced Management Development Program for Real Estate at Harvard University and attended seven other special courses.
Nathaniel Parker Gage School, addition designed by Ashford
Walter S. White died in 2002, at the age of 85.
Jonathan Hill is an English architect and architectural historian.
Francis Costigan was an Indiana architect known primarily for his work in Madison, Indiana and Indianapolis.
Henry Radusky is an architect based in Brooklyn, New York, USA.
Several of his works in the United States are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
As well as designing numerous formal gardens, he illustrated Reginald Blomfield's book The Formal Garden in England, which was published in 1892.
Hermann Philipp Wilhelm von der Hude was a German architect.
Henry G. Harrison was a noted English architect who was apparently active in New York City during 1853-1891.
Edward Middleton Barry RA was an English architect of the 19th century.
Marlow Armory, 702 W. Main St., Marlow, OK NRHP-listed
Stephen Albert Jelicich ONZM was a New Zealand architect and historian.
Ellis Fuller Lawrence was an American architect who worked primarily in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Her best known built-work is the San Francisco Ballet Building in San Francisco, California.
He died in Battersea, London in 1900, and was buried in West Norwood Cemetery.
He was recognized as a National Artist of the Philippines in the field of Architecture in 2006.
He married three times but had no surviving children.
In 1973 he and Vincent Ponte left Pei's firm to form Cossutta & Ponte, which ultimately became Cossutta and Associates.
Then I had the idea of developing Maple Avenue.
He died in Maysville, Kentucky in 1929.
He later received an M.B.A. from Harvard and a J.D.
The firm of William R Miller was located in Lewiston, Maine and lasted from 1896 until 1907.
Holley-Mason Building, S. 157 Howard Spokane, WA, NRHP-listed
From 1933 to 1937, he worked for the Reichsbahn.
In collaboration with Aurèle Cardinal, Rose designed the plans for the redevelopment of the Old Port of Montreal in the early 90s.
Edward Holmes was an architect from Birmingham, England.
He later served as the superintendent at Crater Lake National Park and Hawaii Volcanoes National Park.
Born and raised in Southern California, his designs are found in locations including Malibu and the Getty Museum.
Dallas County Records Building, 509 Main St., Dallas, TX .
Weeks designed hundreds of structures in over 161 Californian cities, as well as several buildings in Nevada and Oregon.
His ideas were influenced by Le Corbusier, Carlo Scarpa, Louis Kahn.
Williamson is full Professor of Architecture at the University of Memphis.
LAVA combines digital workflow, local solutions and the latest digital fabrication technologies with the aim of achieving MORE WITH LESS: more with less.
Marsh-Place Building, 627 Sycamore Street, Waterloo, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Adjaye is the lead designer of the National Museum of African American History and Culture, located on the National Mall in Washington, DC.
In the early 1940s, Zook married his second wife, Florence Nissen, whom he met through mutual friends.
Finn Juhl was a Danish architect, interior and industrial designer, most known for his furniture design.
Beginning in the 1660s, Bruce built and remodelled a number of country houses, including Thirlestane Castle for the Duke of Lauderdale, and Prestonfield House.
His magnum opus, the neoclassical Grand Kremlin Palace, was cancelled shortly after groundbreaking.
Charles Burton "Chuck" Thomsen FAIA FCMAA is an American architect, construction manager, corporate executive and educator.
He has Costa Rican and Spanish nationality.
Several of Monheim's works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Since the early 1980s they were politically inactive and concentrated on scholarship.
William Hayward also succeeded William Lumby as Surveyor for the Lincolnshire County County Committee, which had responsibility for Lincoln Castle and the prison.
Smith & Bassette was an architectural firm based in Hartford, Connecticut.
Christian Frühstück Nielsen was married to Karen Elisabeth Hansen on 17 May 1919 in Copenhagen and died on 3 January 1956 in Aarhus.
He designed hundreds of houses and other buildings.
John Michael Kohler House, 608 New York Ave., Sheboygan, Wisconsin, NRHP-listed
His most recent award was in 1989.
Lembke built many downtown Valparaiso-area buildings, such as the Memorial Opera House, Carnegie public Library, Hotel Lembke, and several local schools.
John A. Kay was one of the primary architects in the building of the South Carolina State House, in Columbia, South Carolina, in the mid-19th century.
Alexandra Road Estate London Borough of Camden, London
Though critically praised and published during his lifetime, Horace Gifford is now an obscure figure outside of the small coastal communities where he focused his efforts.
In 1927, he was one of the fifteen architects who contributed to the influential modernist Weissenhof Estate exhibition.
He eventually had offices in Ipoh, Penang, Kuala Lumpur, and Singapore.
Gesner became internationally known for his visionary style.
He was the teaching assistant to Lawrence Halprin at the University of California, Berkeley.
Charles Henry Burggraf was an American architect primarily working in Salem, Oregon and Albany, Oregon, who also worked in Hastings, Nebraska and in Grand Junction, Colorado.
She is known for her knot gardens.
Albrant was born in Winchester, Ontario in 1871.
In addition to his other public buildings, Vinal designed numerous residences in Boston and nearby suburbs.
The style is often called prairie cathedral, which is a common nickname for several of his churches, even though only two of them are properly cathedrals.
Connor Hall, 1060 Cerrillos Rd., NMSD, Santa Fe, New Mexico, NRHP-listed
Many of his buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
One or more works in Camilla Commercial Historic District, roughly bounded by Broad, S. Scott and N. Scott Sts.
Konawa Armory, 625 N. State St., Konawa, OK NRHP-listed
Joseph Charles Gustave Brault, succeeded Charles D. Sutherland as Chief Architect of the federal Dept.
At least one of Beardsley's works is listed independently on the National Register of Historic Places, and many others are contributing resources to listed historic districts.
She worked together and independently with her husband, landscape architect Prentiss French.
He, along with Joseph Esherick, designed Wurster Hall, Sproul Plaza and the Student Center at the University of California, Berkeley.
William Bonython Moffatt was an architect, who for many years was a partner with Sir George Gilbert Scott at Spring Gardens, London.
Kundig’s undergraduate and graduate architecture degrees are from the University of Washington.
Following his parting of ways with Hansom, Edward Welch returned to Liverpool, where he continued to practise as an architect until 1849.
In addition, he was responsible for the design of residential properties in Saltdean including:
Sir Bertram Clough Williams-Ellis, CBE, MC was a British architect known chiefly as the creator of the Italianate village of Portmeirion in North Wales.
Maria Bergson was an American interior designer, industrial designer, and architect best known for revolutionizing commercial office design.
He likely received most of his training on the worksite, which would have been normal for those times.
His father John who died in 1817 was mayor of Lincoln twice and worked as a mason.
He designed several athletic stadiums, and is noted for his futuristic Sculptured House that was featured in the 1973 film Sleeper.
Horia Creangă was the grandson of the famous Romanian writer Ion Creangă.
Vingboons was especially highly regarded in his native city of Amsterdam.
Cindy Walters is an Australian architect and partner at Walters & Cohen in London, England.
He was a very prominent Ottawa architect.
She was one of the very few female American architects in her day.
of TX 202 and Independence St. Beeville, TX, NRHP-listed
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ernest A. Davidson was an American architect.
When he arrived in Saranac Lake in 1896, he had fifteen years experience in architectural work.
The original building was constructed 1907 in a Norman Romanesque style designed by Board of Education Architect Lloyd Titus.
He was director from 1903 to 1912.
According to modern analysis of Kurke, "Keith and Kurke are known statewide for a distinguished body of residential, public and federal works."
In 1818, he built the parliament building for Upper Canada at York.
An avid collector, he was fond of modern painting and Chinese ceramics.
He is invited as external critic at the Bartlett and other schools since 2000.
Matt Maki was a Finland-born carpenter/builder and self-styled architect in Montana.
Michael Julian Ingall is the founder CEO of Allied London LLP, Capital Hold co, Hello Work,.
He then practiced until his death, though no works of his are known after 1897.
He also worked on the St Stephen's Chapel at the Palace of Westminster.
For most of the century following his death, Victorian architecture was neither the subject of intensive study nor sympathetic attention and Burges's work was largely ignored.
A number of these are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
John Crombie Cochrane was a prominent architect in the 19th century practicing in Chicago, Illinois.
Bos writes, lectures and teaches architecture at various schools.
From 1901 to 1905, he was on the New York City Board of Aldermen.
Despite this initial opposition, she was finally granted membership, 51 voting in favour and 16 against.
Previously, he served as President of the State University of New York at Purchase .
He received a degree in architecture from the University of Tokyo.
Andrew J. Bryan was an architect in the Southern United States, known for his work on county courthouses.
After some bad business adventures in Belgium, and with some help of his brothers, André Parmentier moved to the United States in 1821.
He is also the founder and leader of Bureau Spectacular, a design studio founded in 2008 and led by Jimenez Lai and his partner, Joanna Grant.
He returned to the east to work in Boston.
While a student at the University of Pennsylvania, he studied under Paul Philippe Cret.
Roupell Park Methodist Church in Norwood Road, Lambeth
He was among the pioneers of the First Turkish National Architectural Movement.
It is unknown what happened to these, some 22, paintings which include some of Teague's most definitive pieces of abstract expressionist and color field paintings.
Cochrane and Garnsey was a Chicago, Illinois-based architectural firm.
He returned to California and worked there during the 1970s and 1980s.
His first commissions included several power stations.
He is the principal of Peter Rose + Partners, an architectural practice based in Boston, Massachusetts.
His parents were Zacharias Petersen, a ship's builder at Holmen in Copenhagen and teacher at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, and Emilie Sophie Thortsen.
James Dayton House, 939 W. Main St. Madison, OH, NRHP-listed
First professional mention of Balfour in Hamilton is in the 1876-7 city directory.
Augusto Harold Álvarez García was a Mexican Modernist architect.
Weese is the younger brother of fellow Chicago architect Harry Weese.
Henry Emil Bonitz was an American architect.
Preceded by P. C. Rubush and Company, Rubush & Hunter existed from 1905 to 1938.
Many of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
RIBA celebrated Charles as a pioneer woman architect in 2017.
Richard Snowden Andrews was an American architect and a Confederate artillery commander and diplomat during the American Civil War.
Dan currently operates his own independent studio established in 2014, MEIS architects, with offices in Soho, New York City, and Venice Beach, California.
George Wightwick was a British architect based in Plymouth, and possibly the first architectural journalist.
Troup County Courthouse, Annex, and Jail, LaGrange, Georgia.
Hill County Jail, N. Waco St. Hillsboro, TX, NRHP-listed
Shepard & Stearns was an architecture partnership that operated in Boston and greater New England.
He died in Hastings prior to his thirtieth birthday.
Predominantly a modernist, he designed several projects from the 1950s through the 1970s.
Dame Zaha Mohammad Hadid DBE RA was an Iraqi-British architect.
Lander County High School, 130 Sixth St., Austin, Nevada, NRHP-listed
His work includes the Hawkinsville Opera House.
Wilson Building, 306-312 S. Salina Street, 1898.
Energy-related projects include the Thermoelectric Head offices in Laguna Verde.
Small House, 156 Rogers Ave., Macon, GA, NRHP-listed
Pallasmaa was jury member for the 2014 Pritzker Architecture Prize.
He is also a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Several of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ricardo Bofill Leví is a Spanish architect, who, since 1963, continues to lead the international architectural and urban design practice Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura.
INC gave the subsequent project directly to Santos-Viola.
The youngest son of Industrial Designer Walter Dorwin Teague, he initially studied architecture at the Pratt Institute.
He is an important figure whose work spanned the transition between English Baroque architecture and a Georgian architecture heavily influenced by Andrea Palladio.
4 School and Public Library, 7325 Fair Haven Rd., Homer, NY
Linden House, 509 Linden Ave. Vermillion, SD, NRHP-listed
Michel Mossessian is a French architect of Armenian descent.
This group is responsible for reviewing waterfront designs for Toronto, Ontario Canada.
Hudson Architects have completed buildings in a number of different sectors.
He was one of the men who collaborated to write European and Japanese Gardens.
He was considered to have been a master of brick wall work.
He had one daughter with Gillman, who also predeceased him.
T. B. Sheldon Memorial Auditorium, 443 W. 3rd St. Red Wing, MN, NRHP-listed
Diana Rowntree was a British architect and architectural writer.
The Gunn Memorial Library, opened in 1908.
The architectural historian Gavin Stamp described him as "surely the greatest British architect of the twentieth century".
Clarence Barker Memorial Hospital, 2--6 Reed St., Asheville, N.C.,, NRHP-listed
He entered practice with his father and brother in 1900 under the name James E. Ware and Sons.
He used a Modern Classicism style with elegant dashes of Art Deco in many of his later works in Ottawa.
Munroe Building, 1227–1259 Hancock St. Quincy, MA, NRHP-listed
Chapman-Taylor was also a skilled craftsman, builder, furniture designer, photographer and astrologer.
His working career spanned three decades, in which time he was also a popular member of Chatham city council.
He has been the architecture and design critic of The Financial Times since 1999, and is the author of books on architecture and design.
Detmar Jellings Blow was a British architect of the early 20th century, who designed principally in the arts and crafts style.
First Methodist Church, 302 S. Carroll St., Rock Rapids, IA, NRHP-listed
Sir Robert Smirke RA was an English architect, one of the leaders of Greek Revival architecture, though he also used other architectural styles.
Charles H. Owsley was an English-born American architect.
Lua Curtiss House I, 85 Deer Run, Miami Springs, FL, NRHP-listed
Alfred Giles was a British architect who emigrated to Texas in 1875, at the age of 22.
He was a French-American architect who is noted for designing New York City Hall and St. Patrick's Old Cathedral in New York City.
Rathod is a Principal of Samira Rathod Design Associates.
Charles Emil Praeger, Sr. was an American architect from Victoria, Texas.
McCullough retired in 1972 to Lancaster County, Virginia in the Northern Neck, and continued to work.
His son, William J. Bain, Jr., is also a successful architect, NBBJ partner and Fellow in the AIA.
My Class A buildings are on Maple -- one for garment manufacturers, one for printing, one for furniture, and they are all full."
He is also famous for designing the chapel at Radley College.
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1963.
Burnham Hoyt was a prominent mid-20th century architect born in Denver, Colorado.
The firm is responsible for public buildings and private residences in New Jersey and other Eastern states.
Overbrook Elementary School, 2032 N. 62nd St.
In 1921, after her husband died, Casler moved with her daughters to Los Angeles, where she went into business as a builder and developer.
Emerson graduated from Princeton University and from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and studied also at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris, France.
The only residential home left standing built by Ostell is the former home of Louis-Hippolyte LaFontaine in downtown Montreal at 1395 Overdale Ave.
Together, the Medds became leading school designers in England and Wales.
Sundeleaf also designed the NRHP-listed 1934 Paul F. Murphy House, in Northwest Portland.
The largest portion of the firm's work was in the Cleveland area but also designed buildings throughout the Midwestern United States.
Normal School of Charleston, Charleston, South Carolina
He was appointed to the directorship by President William Howard Taft in 1912.
He co-designed the African-American Civil War Memorial, and provided design adjustments to the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial.
Somerset Villa, built 1888, in Durham, North Carolina, a mansion for tobacco industrialist Julian S. Carr, termed "Halcott's most spectacular project in North Carolina"
Wood flew the Mach II Phantom RF-4 jet aircraft for the US Air Force for five years.
Guy Lagneau was a French architect, one of the founders of Atelier LWD, who was involved in many major projects in France and Africa.
Vilhelm Lauritzen was a leading Danish modern architect, founder of the still active architectural firm Vilhelm Lauritzen Arkitekter.
Sears was born in Brookline, Massachusetts to Alexander Pomeroy and Elizabeth Prescott Sears.
Until October 2013, he was a design director in the Chicago office of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, LLP.
His brother David J. Lehman joined the firm in 1912.
Minerva Parker Nichols was an architect from the United States.
The designs and interiors are original with Mr. Hallett
a row of 5 modern terraced houses in Winscombe St, Dartmouth Park, London
of TX 202 and Independence St. Beeville, TX, NRHP-listed
He was the primary architect of the Tricorn Centre, Portsmouth, and Trinity Square, Gateshead.
His architectural practice was in Surrey Street, Norwich.
Methodist Episcopal Church, 601 5th St. NE.
in art history from University of California, Davis.
He died in White Plains, New York, on October 14, 1941.
The two architects formed a partnership in 1886; prior to this each designed notable buildings separately.
He was born in Belgrade, on 18 April 1976.
Forrest designed the Mendenhall Glacier Visitor Center, the Juneau Federal Building and, with Harold B. Foss, the nearby Chapel by the Lake.
After the war he worked with Howard Cook in the architectural firm of Wimberly and Cook.
Roland Simounet was a French architect known primarily for his design of the Musée Picasso in Paris and the LaM in Villeneuve d'Ascq.
Her career included commissions to design about 110 gardens for private residences, estates and country homes, public parks, botanic gardens, college campuses, and the White House.
He helped to create its replacement, where responsibility fell to a group rather than an individual, the Scottish Office of Works, which was created in 1827.
The two would later establish Iversen & Van Sitteren Partners - with branches in Ipoh, Penang, Kuala Lumpur & Singapore.
Catherine Ailsa "Kate" Macintosh is a Scottish architect.
T.J. Collins retired in 1911; the firm was then run by his sons William and Samuel Collins.
Ross graduated in 1917, entering the army soon after.
He was also the architect of local churches, hospitals, and private office buildings, as well as similar public and private buildings throughout the South.
Two other pieces of Andrews's clothing came up for auction in 2012.
Works by either architect or the partnership include:
Hayes' work holds a significant place in its association with the "Social Gospel" movement.
William and Evla Stith House, 346 Mulberry St. Abilene, TX
During her career, Howe was president of the Business Women's Club of Boston and president of the MIT Women's Association.
As a lead architect for heavy construction, he supervised many industrial projects, but his own visionary drafts of this period never materialized.
The firm has also been known as Gordon & Madden and as Gordon, Madden & Kaelber.
Today a pavilion in the town is named in his memory.
Some aspects of this edifice, like the use of colours and materials, were clearly influenced by Art Nouveau architecture.
Mendes da Rocha was Professor at the Architecture College of University of São Paulo, known as FAU-USP, until 1998.
By 1854, he was living in Columbia, South Carolina, and was a master Mason in Richland Lodge #39.
Robert L. Covington House, 240 S. Extension St., Hazlehurst, Mississippi, NRHP-listed
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Henry Edward Kendall Junior was a British architect.
Henry Osterman is credited with designing the Electric Light Works Building, Green Park School and Walla Walla Public Library.
William Krisel was an American architect best known for his pioneer designs of mid-century residential and commercial architecture.
His Wave House was an inspiration for the Sydney Opera House by Danish architect Jørn Utzon.
With architect Efrer Morales he formed Amaral y Morales, one of Puerto Rico's pioneering modern firms.
Kathryn Findlay was a British architect, born in Scotland, who spent 20 years working in Japan.
He studied at least briefly at MIT and "at an atelier in Paris".
John A. Lankford was an American architect.
Fletcher was born Jean Bodman in Boston, the daughter of Fenimore L. Bodman and Maud Rogers Bodman.
Robin Avenue Bridge, built 1913, Robin Ave. over an unnamed stream, 5.5 mi.
A third property, The Round House in Romford, Essex, constructed between 1792-4, has also been attributed to Plaw.
Roser Amadó i Cercós is a Spanish architect.
The structure is composed of a four-story U-shaped arms framing an quad-side court with the rear nine-story tower incorporating a 30,000 gallon water tank.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Morgan grew up in Jacksonville and graduated with a bachelor's degree from Harvard University before serving in the U.S. Navy during the Korean War.
In 2016, Oboh assumed a diplomatic role in Canada with his appointment as the Honorary Consul for the Republic of Botswana in Canada.
In 2015, Freeman, a global provider of brand experiences, appointed him Chief Design Officer.
House at 36 Aegean Avenue, 36 Aegean Ave., Tampa, FL, NRHP-listed
Roehrig He graduated from Cornell University in 1883 and also studied architecture in England and France.
El Zaribah Shrine Auditorium, 1502 W. Washington St., Phoenix, Arizona
He published much of his own work in his two volumes of Plans, elevations and sections of Noblemen and Gentlemen's Houses.
Paist was an architect working for S. Gifford Slocum at age 20.
San Angelo Telephone Company Building, 14 W. Twohig, San Angelo, TX NRHP-listed
He was born in New York City in 1872 and died in New York in 1938.
The bust is now in storage and it will be placed somewhere in Arsenal F.C.
A few of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Robinson joined the American Society of Golf Course Architects in 1973, served as president from 1983 to 1984, and ascended to ASGCA Fellow in 1995.
His design for the 1893 Chicago World's Fair Idaho Building was a rustic design log construction.
Alexey Maksimovich Gornostaev, Russian Revival pioneer, noted for Valaam Monastery Cathedral, Trinity-Sergius Convent in Saint Petersburg and Uspenski Cathedral in Helsinki
In 2011 he founded STUDIO Architecture and Urbanism magazine.
The cottages also featured generous front porches that encouraged neighborly interactions, and modular designs that made the most of their modest size.
By the late 1970's, following a slump in sales, Lane closed Craft Associates for good.
In August 1971 Paget married Verily Anderson in London, England.
Graves Hotel,, 106 S. Central Ave. Harlowton, MT, NRHP-listed
The project won praise for its "bright, airy design" and sunken stage which "allows everyone in the theater to get a spectacular view of the entertainment."
The Redfern was designed by his assistant architect, Joseph Seddon, FRIBA.
He was married to Isabella A. Worsley, of Bavaria, Illinois, until her death in 1895.
Francesco Righetti was a Swiss architect who developed most of his works in Argentina, which would become his place of residence.
One of the reception rooms he designed at the State Department was named the "Edward Vason Jones Memorial Hall" in his honor.
He called his buildings "skin and bones" architecture.
His office was in Blythswood Square in Glasgow near his most important work, the Beresford Hotel on Sauchiehall Street.
In the 1920s and 1930s, Ibler worked on numerous architectural competitions, but with poor results due to the conservative environment and resistance to his progressive ideas.
He also achieved success as a physician and anatomist, and as an author, who wrote treatises on physics and natural history.
Erick van Egeraat is a Dutch architect and author.
He is known for his ability to synthesize the various elements of city design.
He completed many projects in Bend, often partnering with local architect Hugh Thompson.
David Coleman, FAIA is an American architect.
Harry Wilkinson Moore, FRIBA was a Victorian and Edwardian architect.
Together with other architects of the firm, he "shaped the skyline of Atlanta".
Grindle and Weatherhogg maintained a parternship from about 1893-1897.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Radnorshire in 1899.
Although none of the experimental work sold, the more conventional work by Sund and Finch did find buyers.
Ricardo Legorreta Vilchis was a Mexican architect.
"Pete" Wimberly was an architect known for his work in Honolulu, Hawaii and for his firm's designs of resorts.
He is considered part of the Prairie School-style and was known for blending traditional architecture with the Arts & Crafts-style.
Hotel Claridge, 109 N. Main St. Memphis, TN, NRHP-listed
In Britain at this time, the profession of architect was in its most embryonic stage of development.
After a long time working with Helmut Jahn, he became its first partner in 2009 and president in 2012.
The firm produced many of the city’s “Gilded Age” finest buildings, including hotels, churches and residences.
They had three daughters, a son, and four grandchildren.
Woodward was educated at Granville Technical Granville and Sydney Technical College.
He built a hospital and then the town's first Roman Catholic church, St. Paul's.
His designs for palaces, estates, gardens, churches, chapels, and villas were widely imitated, and his architectural principles spread throughout central and southeast Europe.
It brings U.S. Route 62, over the White River, and opened up a large area of the Ozarks for recreation.
Tillinghast was one of the most prolific architects in the history of golf; he worked on no fewer than 265 different courses.
Samuel Sanders Teulon was a 19th-century English Gothic Revival architect, noted for his use of polychrome brickwork, and the complex planning of his buildings.
Warren Howard Hayes was a leading designer of churches in the United States and Canada during the late 19th century.
Adèle Naudé Santos is an American architect and urban designer focused on low-income housing, campus architecture, and socially conscious design.
Extension to the National Temperance Hospital, London
Alexandre Miniac was a French architect and watercolorist.
Bear Down Gym, NRHP-listed, at University of Arizona, built 1926, designed by Lyman & Place/Roy Place, architect, built by Clinton Campbell
In 1864, he moved to Chicago and began working as an architect, with his design being selected for the Illinois State Capitol in 1868.
Henry W. Brinkman(1881–1949) was an American architect from Emporia, Kansas who practiced from 1910 to 1947.
His office was at 15 Myrtle Avenue, Jamaica, Queens in the 1908, 46 West 24th Street in 1918.
Sir Frederick Miles Warren, ONZ, KBE, FNZIA, is a New Zealand architect.
He is considered the most important colonial architect of the Fascist age in Italy and has been described as the "architect of the Mediterranean".
He returned to India in 1995 and founded his own firm Studio Mumbai.
William Venn Gough was an architect responsible for a number of prominent buildings in Bristol.
He was born in Montreal, Canada to parents Edward John Maxwell and Johan MacBean.
Royal Theatre, built 1914, 513 Main Street West, Ashland,
In 1920 he moved to Chicago and became the chief architect for the Chicago Public School Board.
Clapton Crabb Rolfe was an English Gothic Revival architect whose practice was based in Oxford.
He was closely associated with the fascist Novecento Italiano artists group.
He studied at the University of Georgia.
He emigrated to Canada in 1923 to teach architecture at the University of Toronto.
He attended the High School of Music and Art,in New York City, graduating in 1956.
His work influenced later architects such as Pietro Belluschi.
Five years later he entered into partnership with Wyatt, a partnership that lasted thirteen years until dissolved in 1851.
Philip H. Sheridan School, 800–818 E. Ontario St., Philadelphia PA
In architectural pursuits his design work was important, varied and substantial.
Born and trained as a carpenter in Victoria, he moved first to Perth and then to the goldfields, where he worked for Murdock McKay Hopkins.
After 1886 most of the notable works were designed together.
Several of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
He was perhaps best known for his work with the seminal English experimental architecture collective Archigram, which was formed in London in the early 1960s.
He was dean of the school of architecture and planning at the State University of New York at Buffalo, NY, USA until 2002.
He has been credited with "transform(ing) Princeton from a brick and stone village into a New-England-style town of wood and classical influences."
John J. O’Malley was an American architect based in Brooklyn, NY, known primarily for his work as an architect for the Archdiocese of New York.
Caldwell County Courthouse, Main St., Lenoir, NC, NRHP-listed
Alphonse Hubert François Balat was a Belgian architect.
His mother was Agnes, one of the famed Macdonald sisters.
He has argued forcefully against contextualism, and has not employed it for projects such as his Distillery District designs.
When surgeons examined him, they all insisted that the wound was fatal.
In 2004, Fernando Menis creates Menis Architects, an architectural studio based in both Tenerife and Madrid, as well as Valencia.
In 2012 Hodder was elected for a two-year term as the president of the RIBA.
Thomas W. Fuller designed a number of post offices:
Edward Haycock Sr. was an architect working in the West Midlands and in Central and Southern Wales in the late Georgian and early Victorian periods.
He was awarded the Légion d’Honneur in 1935, and became departmental architect in 1937.
The fan vault over the crossing at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle in 1528 finished after his death was his last known architectural work.
Church, the Knights of Columbus, Order of Alhambra, San Antonio Liederkranz, the Beethoven Männerchor, and as president of the Harmonia Lodge of the Sons of Hermann.
It’s one of the hardest things there is to do, low cost housing, to make an environment for people that really supports them.
Rialto Theater, 102 E. Second St. Casper, WY, NRHP-listed
He studied at Helsinki University of Technology, completing his studies in 1951.
"It is indeed an imposing and unique structure in Poughkeepsie".
A number of his designs can be found in San Antonio and in Kendall County, Texas.
In 1955, both parted ways and practiced separately.
He moved to the United Kingdom in the 1930s, and became a key member of the Modernist architectural movement.
He trained with his father, becoming his partner in 1869 and taking over the family practice fully in 1880.
Charles Evans Hughes III was an American architect.
His practice was located in Richmond, Indiana.
Many of his buildings have been granted listed building status, protecting them from unapproved alteration.
Tollit trained under William Wilkinson and was in practice by 1870.
He was the co-partner in the firm Mewes & Davis, with Charles Mewès.
Nicholas Joseph Clayton was a prominent Victorian era architect in Galveston, Texas.
Craig W. Hartman, FAIA is an architect and the Design Partner of the Skidmore, Owings and Merrill San Francisco, California office.
Alfred Mogensen left a distinct mark on the city of Aarhus.
Patrick Nuttgens was raised in Piggotts Hill, near High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire.
In 1754, he left for Rome, spending nearly five years on the continent studying architecture under Charles-Louis Clérisseau and Giovanni Battista Piranesi.
Tatsuno Kingo was a Japanese architect born in Karatsu, Saga Prefecture, Kyushu.
He was also a keen sailor but what he is most noted for is his contribution to mid century modern furniture design.
Essays on Architecture, edited by Peter MacKeith.
Burnham took a leading role in the creation of master plans for the development of a number of cities, including Chicago, Manila and downtown Washington, D.C.
He started as a graphic designer but later focused on architecture, art, museums, film, eco-environmental design, and conceptual philosophy.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Overend & Boucher was an American architectural firm; Schmidt, Boucher & Overend was a related firm.
In particular, the appearance of the Arnulfstraße in Munich owns much to the numerous Vorhoelzer buildings.
The name was changed in 1927 to Weiss, Dreyfous, and Seiferth, when Solis Seiferth entered the firm.
Upon return, he opened his own firm.
Wang Shu is a Chinese architect based in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.
Osterman and Siebert was an architectural firm in Walla Walla, Washington.
Nicholson School, 1143 North St. Baton Rouge, LA, NRHP-listed
Rich was a member of the Architectural League of New York.
He played an important part in the process of change in Lima, from a society rooted in tradition and academic canon into a modern one.
He is recognized as the leading architect and architectural theorist of early 20th-century Imperial Japan.
He is largely credited with having established a modern architectural identity for Memphis, Tennessee.
Holland was a founder member in 1791 of the Architects' Club, which included Thomas Hardwick as a signtory.
Gervase Wheeler was a British architect who designed homes in the United States.
His most prominent works included Codman House, Lincoln, Massachusetts, and the personal residency of Isabella Stewart Gardner.
Pugin designed many churches in England and some in Ireland and Australia.
Hansom was admitted ARIBA in 1868 and FRIBA in 1881.
He created an influential twentieth-century architectural style, stated with extreme clarity and simplicity.
He is known for his contributions to the architecture of Indian Parliament at Delhi.
LaSalle Street Station, Chicago, Illinois, demolished 1981
Her husband left her behind with two daughters to make his fortune in gold mining.
James Cubitt was a Victorian church architect specialising in building non-conformist chapels.
Wheelwright Block, 34 Hammond St. Bangor, ME, NRHP-listed
Eventually a third brother, Charles Rapp moved to Trinidad, but did not join the architectural firm.
Jean Baillairgé was a carpenter by trade and there is some reference to his being an architect.
Charles C. Hartmann was an American architect.
Queen's Castle, NY 414 Lodi, New York, NRHP-listed
Jarvis Hunt was a Chicago architect who designed a wide array of buildings, including train stations, suburban estates, industrial buildings, clubhouses and other structures.
Joseph William Storey was an internationally renowned architect based in Chatham, Ontario, Canada.
Merel S. Sager was an American architect and landscape architect.
Born April 29, 1884 in Washington DC to William Edwin Schneider and Rachael Elizabeth Davis.
Gifford was born in New Jersey and studied at the Stevens Institute of Technology, which focuses on mechanical engineering.
Smith County Jail, 1881, 309 Erwin St. Tyler, TX, NRHP-listed
Harriet Funk House, 9316 Hurstbourne, Jeffersontown, Kentucky, NRHP-listed
Josef Hoffmann was an Austrian architect and designer of consumer goods.
B'nai Jacob Synagogue, 529 E. Main, Ottumwa, IA, NRHP-listed
He set up his own practice called in Atelier U in 1964.
Sir James Duncan Dunbar-Nasmith, CBE, RIBA, PPRIAS, is a leading conservation architect from the UK.
He studied at L'ecole des Beaux Arts.
Stirling worked in partnership with James Gowan from 1956 to 1963, then with Michael Wilford from 1971 until 1992.
In between, he became Baurat in 1921, Oberbaurat in 1929, later Magistratsbaurat and finally Stadtbaudirektor, head of the Berlin municipal building office.
After the war, he spent about 14 years in Windsor, Ontario, Canada, as a practicing architect.
YWCA Building, 301 NE Jefferson Peoria, IL, NRHP-listed
Rafael Masó i Valentí was one of the most outstanding Catalan architects of the early 20th century.
In 1905 he was made a partner in the firm Clarke & Bell, its name changing to Clarke & Bell & J H Craigie.
She lectures widely in the U.S. and abroad on the topic of urban landscape and new paradigms of thinking, collaborating and designing for the anthropocene era.
He lives in New Canaan, Connecticut, with his wife.
11, 30 North Ave., Atlanta, Georgia, NRHP-listed
Sir Colin Alexander St John Wilson, FRIBA, RA, was a British architect, lecturer and author.
Prof. Edward Jones, CBE RIBA is an English architect, born in St Albans in October 1939.
Walter J. Mathews was an American architect based in Oakland, California.
Westminster Presbyterian Church, 501 5th St. NE.
He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and was the first graduate from its landscape architecture program in 1902.
Emin Onat learned to experiment, interpret and search for modernism from his teacher Otto R. Salvisberg, a well-known, experienced practicing architect.
From 1959 he was the secretary of the Union of architects of Estonian SSR.
Constructed in 1915 as the Agriculture and Domestic Science Building, the building served the university after 1959 as the Valparaiso School of Law.
John Julius Norwich described him as "undoubtedly the key European Art Nouveau architect."
Guthrie Armory, 720 E. Logan, Guthrie, OK NRHP-listed
At the start of the 1970s, he was involved in one more restoration project, the work on the church of Saint Nicholas in La Chaume.
Christopher Charles Benninger is an American-Indian architect and planner.
C.R.Mackintosh was not highly productive but his influence in central Europe was comparable to such American architects as Louis Sullivan and Frank Lloyd Wright.
On other projects in Quebec and Nova Scotia he partnered with Ross and Macdonald of Montreal.
Thomas Cartwright was a 17th-century English architect.
Eugene Pandala is an Indian architect, known for building with values of environmental sustainability.
He practised in Oxford 1856–68 and in London from 1869.
He studied architecture and painting in Antwerp.
Together with Ciril Metod Koch and Ivan Vancaš, he introduced the Vienna Secession style of architecture in Slovenia.
Horatio Tower House, 71 Pleasant St., Worcester, MA, NRHP-listed
In 2010, Sejima was the second woman to receive the Pritzker Prize, which was awarded jointly with Ryue Nishizawa.
These include The Vincennes at 35 Walmer Road, Prince Arthur Towers at 20 Prince Arthur Avenue, Brazil Towers at 485 Huron Street, and 44 Walmer Road.
These include the Post Office; Court House; Territorial Administration Building, 5th Avenue; Public School which burned 1957; and Commissioner's Residence.
Beardsley was born in Derby, Connecticut in 1861.
Mary Turner Shaw was born in Caulfield, Melbourne, Australia.
Monks "had one of the most successful and extensive architectural practices in country New South Wales.
Raphael S. Soriano, FAIA, was an architect and educator, who helped define a period of 20th-century architecture that came to be known as Mid-century modern.
House at 36 Columbia Drive, 36 Columbia Dr., Tampa, FL, NRHP-listed
Ernest J. Kump, Jr., was an American architect, author, and inventor based in Palo Alto, California.
Moreover, he restored a large number of monuments.
John Randal McDonald was a prominent architect who worked in the 1950s and 1960s.
Louis Isadore Kahn was an American architect, based in Philadelphia.
David Lochead Williams was an architect in Portland, Oregon.
Numerous works by Hunt are preserved and listed on the National Register of Historic Places, 21 of which are covered in one 1979 survey study.
However, Browne and then, Loyola College, agreed on the plans and the Building was constructed in 1978.
Twice dismissed by Paul of Russia during the Battle of the Palaces, Cameron enjoyed a brief revival of his career under Alexander I in 1803–1805.
He designed numerous business block buildings and private houses in New Britain and Hartford and their surrounding areas.
Bank Block, 15 Main St. Dexter, ME, NRHP-listed
He served as an assistant professor and graduate design coordinator at A&M from 1982 to 1988 and in 1989 moved to Virginia Tech.
Nash was also a pioneer in the use of the Picturesque in architecture.
He established David Chipperfield Architects in 1985.
Parliament declined the Government's proposal to purchase the building; the materials were sold and used for the construction of Alexandra Palace.
Axel Høeg-Hansen was born 1877 on Frederiksberg.
Lee designed multiple homes in New Canaan and beyond.
Felino A. Palafox, Jr. is a prominent Filipino architect, urban planner and environmentalist.
He was born in Perth, Scotland and became a skilled stonemason.
Marcus Fayette Cummings was an American architect active in the Capital District region of the U.S. state of New York.
Poston was also the architect for the Pigeons Hotel, Romford Road, Stratford, built in 1898, and now converted to residential accommodation.
Ashland County Courthouse, 201 West 2nd Street, Ashland, Wisconsin, designed by Henry Wildhagen and H. W. Buemming, noted for its Classical Revival and Beaux-Arts architecture, NRHP-listed
His substantial turn-of-the-20th-century residences for the Milwaukee business elite, in conservative Jacobethan or neo-Georgian idioms, have preserved their cachet in the city.
Wayne Douglas McAllister was a Los Angeles-based architect who was a leader in the Googie style of architecture that embraced the automobile and the Space Age.
Born in Oak Park, Illinois, Wright was the second-oldest son of famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
John Adam Hasecoster was an American architect in Indiana.
A collaborator of humanist architect Ernesto Nathan Rogers, one of Magistretti's first projects was the "poetic" round church in the experimental Milan neighborhood of QT8.
George H. Otten was a landscape architect who worked primarily in the U.S. state of Oregon.
However Carpenter died in 1855 at the age of 42, and Slater was persuaded to take over his practice.
In Frimodt Clausen's work can be seen inspiration from Anton Rosen in the early 1900s.
Kuznetsov remained in high demand during the Soviet period.
Presentation Children's Home, 701 S. Western Ave. Sioux Falls, SD, NRHP-listed
The listing included eight contributing buildings on 6.1 acres.
Waseca County Courthouse, 307 N. State St. Waseca, MN, NRHP-listed
There are two known surviving examples of his work in the UK.
He received a degree in mechanical engineering from Stevens Institute of Technology in 1899.
He wrote a two-volume History of the United States Capitol and more than 100 articles.
For the next decade he worked as a draftsman for various firms in Boston, Cleveland, New York, and Denver.
Hequembourg House, 851 Hunting Lodge Miami Springs, FL, NRHP-listed
In 1881, Marshall married Julia Robbins Gillman, who died prematurely in 1888.
He may have been the first architect to use the term "postmodernism," but more recently he has used the phrase "Modern traditionalist" to describe his work.
Andrews vowed never to return to the United States.
Christopher Wren's church of St. James at Piccadilly in London, England, and Old North Church in Boston, are believed to have greatly influenced Munday's baroque style.
From 2013 he is the artistic director of MI/ARCH, an international festival of architecture promoted by the Politecnico Di Milano.
He graduated from the University of Toronto School of Architecture in 1946.
For this much of the credit is due to Mr John C S Soutar.
He designed works from "education, commercial, residential, and hotel buildings to concrete arch bridges."
After arriving in the United States, his name was changed to Andrew Johnson.
Eddy served as vice-president of the California Children’s Home, president of the Los Angeles Orthopedic Hospital, and was a member of the Chamber of Commerce.
Mitchell would copy his most popular scenes using carbon paper on top of watercolour paper, making each scene appear as an original.
Much of his work involved design for public buildings.
John Lloyd Wright was an American architect and toy inventor.
William Adams Nicholson was an English architect who worked in Lincoln and was a founding member of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
One or more works in Belview Heights Historic District, roughly along 41st, 42nd, 43rd, 44th, and 45th Streets, and M and Martin Avenues, Birmingham, Alabama, NRHP-listed
In 1932 King Albert I of Belgium conferred on Horta the title of Baron for his services to the field of architecture.
He worked as an architect on the Royal Exchange, with sole charge after Edward Jerman died in 1668.
Richard Meier is an American abstract artist and architect, whose geometric designs make prominent use of the color white.
Paul Revere Williams, FAIA was an American architect based in Los Angeles, California.
Michael Arad is an Israeli-American architect who is best known for being the designer of the World Trade Center Memorial.
Colen Campbell was a pioneering Scottish architect and architectural writer, credited as a founder of the Georgian style.
Vasily Fyodorovich von Baumgarten Фёдорович фон Баумгартен; October 30 [17], 1879 — May 13, 1962) was Russian and Yugoslavian architect and military engineer.
Herbert Miller Greene was an American architect.
His architectural work was as bold and daring as his early political activism and marriage-themed plays, and jarred conservative opinions on the subject.
Many of Burgess buildings reflected his interest in modern Art-Deco architecture.
Andrews was first wounded during the Seven Days Battles in July 1862.
He established his golf course architecture practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
His work helped establish Neoclassical architecture in Portugal and colonial Brazil.
Geoffrey Paulson Townsend was an English architect and developer, noted for his company, Span Developments, and long association with architect, Eric Lyons.
Projects of creation state historical-architectural preserves in Putyvl, Hlukhiv, Sumy.
In partnership with Thomas Wyatt, he worked mostly in the Gothic style.
Stoyan N. Karastoyanoff, AIA, was a minor American architect practicing in New York City in the early twentieth century.
Ciriani was born and worked in Lima, Peru before moving to Paris in 1964.
Harrison also designed 1120 St Ives Place in Los Angeles for Hyman Engleberg, Marilyn Monroe's personal doctor.
Grayson and Ould was the title of an architectural practice in Liverpool, Merseyside, England, during the late 19th and early 20th century.
He taught at the University of Buenos Aires, Fachhochschule-Munich, Germany.
He moved from the Midwestern United States to Portland, Oregon, in 1906 and worked there as an architect until 1940.
Edith Gillian Harrison, née Cooke, was a British architect.
Eugene H. Blount House, built 1923, at 1801 North St. Nacogdoches, TX, NRHP-listed
It was declared a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1970.
After serving as a draftsman under architects William K. Fellows and Howard Van Doren Shaw, he started his own practice in 1904.
Cosby was well-known around southern Virginia and North Carolina, and worked in many styles throughout his career.
W. E. Noffke was an architect in Ottawa, Canada, best known for his residential works.
An early member of the American Society of Landscape Architects he later served two terms as its president(1928–1932).
Marcel Holmberg is a founding partner of PWD Architecture, an international architecture and urban design office based in Beijing, with offices in Xi’An, London and Santiago.
He achieved recognition as a result of his role as Architect of the Toronto SkyDome, now known as the Rogers Centre.
NAS Chase Field-Building 1040, Enterprise St. 0.37 mi.
In his projects there is almost always a reference to Brazilian modern architecture, of which Marcio has already declared himself a great fan.
He was married in 1875 and worked as a carpenter, farmer, and minister.
Kent died on April 15, 1912 when the RMS Titanic sank and was seen helping women and children into the lifeboats.
In 1970 he formed his own firm, where he worked until his retirement in 1987.
He developed important projects particularly in Colombia.
Eb Zeidler continues to go to work daily as a Senior Partner Emeritus at the firm, now called, Zeidler Partnership Architects, in Toronto.
He began as an independent architect in 1883, worked within Van Horn & Loven during 1917-1919, and within Van Horn & Ritterbush Brothers during 1920-1931.
Baryi Gibatovich Kalimullin was a Russian architect, educator, and social activist.
Max Strang is the founding principal of [STRANG] Architecture, a Miami-based firm acclaimed for its site-specific and climate-driven designs.
Outside work and politics Arthur Wakerley was an enthusiastic Wesleyan lay preacher and ardent temperance worker as well as being interested in archaeology and poetry.
Woodruff Leeming, AIA, was an American architect who practiced in the New York area.
The son of a stonemason, he received a technical education and became a military engineer.
He was a leading proponent of the "national" school in Danish architecture of the period as opposed to Ferdinand Meldahl's and Vilhelm Dahlerup's "European" school.
Muzio was born and died in Milan.
Nigella Lucy Lawson is an English journalist, broadcaster, television personality, gourmet, and food writer.
He opened a Minneapolis office in 1857 and a St. Paul office in 1858.
Second Presbyterian Church, 460 E. Main St., Lexington, Kentucky, NRHP-listed
One or more buildings in the St. Charles Historic District, 100, 200, and 300 block of N. Main St., in St. Charles, Missouri
In 1845 he left for Antigua, where he spent two years working on a new cathedral before emigrating to Canada in 1857.
Merritt Bucholz is an American architect who has set up practice in Ireland with his partner Karen McEvoy.
George Allen Underwood was an architect in Cheltenham.
He is a principal partner and founder of Scott Simons Architects.
His works include apartment buildings, churches, chapels and public buildings in Kraków, Lviv and other cities throughout former Austrian Galicia.
Memoirs covers the period of time from 1825 to 1871 and was written in the eight months between 1895—1896.
Rainier National Park, both designated National Historic Landmarks:
He was a founder and first president of the Federal Council of the Australian Institute of Architects.
Napa Abajo-Fuller Park Historic District, roughly bounded by the Napa River, Pine, Jefferson, 3rd, 4th, and Division Sts.
He is considered one of the world's leading architects and one of the few French ones to work extensively outside of Europe.
Kjær established a design office in Odense in 1898 and lived there for most of his life.
Many of his buildings still stand today; some are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Since joining SOM in 1981, Enquist has focused on strengthening the physical, social, and intellectual infrastructure of cities.
He studied Asian languages at the University of British Columbia, and later earned a degree in architecture from McGill University.
He died in 1980 from motor neuron disease.
Reza Kabul is an architect, interior designer and urban planner.
As chief government architect he was responsible for many of the federal buildings constructed in this period.
Edward Welch Also designed Christchurch, A large church in Harpurhey Manchester.
Mullet, who had formerly been supervising architect of the United States Treasury.
Raymond applied these principles to a wide range of residential, commercial, religious and institutional projects in Japan, America, India and the Philippines.
Rexford G. Newcomb was an American academician, architect, and author.
Between 1994 and 1999, Craig was the lead architect for the new terminal development at Wellington International Airport.
He was helped in this operation by his eldest daughter Margaret Helen Scott Inglis.
The firm is based in New York City with 160 employees and offices in Philadelphia and Southampton.
Fraser Mansion, completed in 1890, 1701 20th St., NW., Washington, D.C., NRHP-listed, a brick and pink granite
Frankel & Curtis was an architectural firm of Lexington, Kentucky.
Known for his quick temper and for his integrity, Mylne had a strong sense of duty, and could be stubborn when he knew he was right.
Konstantin Stepanovich Melnikov was a Russian architect and painter.
Howard Lapham was a modernist architect whose notable residences exist primarily in Southern California.
He was active from 1854 to 1907.
He was member of the international jury which choosed Carlos Ott as the architect for the Opera Bastille in Paris.
He was noted for his blending of Gothic tradition with modernism, making what might otherwise have been functionally-designed buildings into popular landmarks.
Murphey-Jennings House, 307 Walnut St. Sumner, MS, NRHP-listed
In 1824, he designed the courthouse and jail for the Home District and, in 1827–31, the two-story castellated-style courthouse for the London District, Ontario.
Bancroft Tower, Bancroft Tower Rd., Worcester, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed
Pembroke Public Library, 237 Victoria St., Pembroke, Ontario, Canada – 1913
Hasenauer was the chief architect for the Vienna World's Fair in 1873.
These structures constituted the greater part of the city's early skyline.
Alberto Campo Baeza is a Spanish architect, Head Professor of Design at the School of Architecture of Madrid ETSAM since 1986.
Louis-Pierre Baltard was a French architect, and engraver and father of Victor Baltard.
Polevitzky designs more than 500 buildings during his Miami career.
He worked mostly on the east side of Manhattan, in the years between 1880 and 1914.
Beatrix Cadwalader Farrand was a landscape gardener and landscape architect in the United States.
Like his father, Dielmann was a leading Catholic layman, as a member of the St. Joseph's Society of St. Joseph's R.C.
After graduating, he worked at the Glenn L. Martin Co. aircraft plant during the beginning of World War II, until he joined the Marine Corps.
William Nicol Fife was an architect in early Utah.
His works show a marked influence of late-Mannerism.
He graduated from Harvard College with a Bachelor of Science, magna cum laude, in 1926.
Victor Baltard was a French architect famed for work in Paris including designing Les Halles market and the Saint-Augustin church.
Subsequently, Williams partnered with Justus Krumbein from 1875 to 1878.
Ellis-Singleton Building, 221 S Broadway, Wichita, Kansas, NRHP-listed
Judith Deena Edelman was an American architect.
He also designed churches, commercial buildings, at least one hotel and one bank and one library, and other buildings.
Mangum Armory, 115 E. Lincoln St., Mangum, OK NRHP-listed
E. Hallett architect' This article also contains a brief description of the interior of these homes:
Parker's Opera House, 23 N. Federal Ave., Mason City, Iowa, NRHP-listed
In 1927, Brown was elected into the National Academy of Design as an associate member.
After 1885 he was associated with architect Ernest G. W. Dietrich.
Roy Blass was an American architect whose work included design of Lustron houses.
Two works in Devils Lake Commercial District: the Fire Hall and the Bangs-Wineman Block, Devils Lake, ND, NRHP-listed
Henry Van Brunt FAIA was a 19th-century American architect and architectural writer.
She remained the only licensed black woman in California until 1980.
Albert Gamaliel Jones was a notable "house carpenter" from Warren County, North Carolina.
Cullinan was awarded the Royal Institute of British Architects's 2008 Royal Gold Medal.
In 1871 Martin & Chamberlain were responsible for St Nicolas' Church, Hockley, St Stephen's Church, Selly Park, St Barnabas church in the Franche area of Kidderminster.
Charles F. Haglin was an architect notable for his work in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Shuttleworth became a partner at Foster and Partners where he worked on some of the world's most iconic buildings.
James Leslie Findlay was a Scottish architect and soldier.
The church of Sainte-Anne de Beaupré was rebuilt during the years 1689–95 with Claude Baillif on charge.
Security Building, 234 N. Central Phoenix, AZ, NRHP-listed
B+SA is well known for their design of Yonge-Dundas Square, Toronto’s busiest public space.
Garden State Park Racetrack Grandstand/Clubhouse, Cherry Hill, New Jersey
Roland Jones House, 141 N. Church St. Nacogdoches, TX, NRHP-listed
Samira Rathod is an Indian architect, furniture designer, writer, and teacher based in Mumbai.
Lovejoy House, 220 St. Lawrence Ave. Janesville, WI, NRHP-listed
He articled with Ross & MacFarlane in 1910-11.
George Williams was an American architect based in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
He designed many public buildings, and played an important role in development of the construction stone industry in the state.
Wilkins Co. was an architectural and engineering firm of Pittsburgh.
Berwick Armory, 201 Pine St., Berwick, Pennsylvania, NRHP-listed
He worked in total on about 140 buildings, of which about half survive in some form.
She wrote a column for the Atlanta Journal Constitution and was the first woman to be elected an officer of the American Society of Landscape Architects.
Robert Seyfarth was an American architect based in Chicago, Illinois.
He practiced architecture in New York City from 1877 until 1921, working first with partner Frank A. Wright and later with John Muller.
He was its manager from 1873 to 1890.
He was inducted as a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts in 2014.
He worked closely with Frederick Marquis who subsequently became Managing Director of Lewis's.
James Wyatt RA was an English architect, a rival of Robert Adam in the neoclassical style and neo-Gothic style.
1955 Beadle Home #8 Uhlmann Home, Phoenix
After Roedean School, she trained at the Architectural Association School of Architecture from 1917-1922, where she was one of the first four female students.
Johnson County Courthouse, 1 Public Sq., Cleburne, TX NRHP-listed
Hutchinson was born on 16 October 1800 in Ticknall, Derbyshire.
J. Clarence Kind House, 751 Marsh Ave., Reno, Nevada, NRHP-listed
German United Evangelical Church Complex, 60–90 Bittner St. Rochester, NY, NRHP-listed
He is a current member of the Canada Green Building Council and was a founding Board Member of Sustainable Buildings Canada.
Mason-Hughes House, 1104 W. Beauregard San Angelo, TX Ruffini, Oscar
Many of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Ripellino is the son of Italian author Angelo Maria Ripellino and Czech Ela Hlochóva.
Victor Earl Mark was a prominent architect in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
Olney Carnegie Library, 401 E. Main St. Olney IL NRHP-listed
of South Dakota Ave. and Burrett St. Wessington Springs, SD, NRHP-listed
In 1890, he moved to San Francisco and took a position as Chief Draftsman in the offices of A.
According to the National Park Service, he was the "most prolific architect of the post-Civil War era" in the Charleston area.
City and County Building, 19th St. and Carey Ave. Cheyenne, WY, NRHP-listed
Marcel Lajos Breuer, was a Hungarian-born modernist, architect, and furniture designer.
St. Mary's Church, School and Convent, U.S. 212, Zell, SD, NRHP-listed
Many of their works survive and are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
He studied painting and illustration at the Art Students League of New York.
Harald Søren Salling-Mortensen was a Danish architect from Esbjerg who mainly worked in an around Aarhus in the early 20th century.
He designed several buildings that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He is most recognized for his design, both interior and exterior, of the Louis Vuitton located on the Champs-Élysées, Paris's 7th most visited destination.
Harold Herbert Fuller-Clark was a British Arts and Crafts architect.
It was built of reinforced concrete panels with aluminum shutters.
He worked with Harwell Hamilton Harris and Richard Neutra.
She had a long career as an architect in Illinois, especially around Evanston and Glencoe.
He was Scottish and was born in the East Indies.
He was based in Brighouse and Halifax in the West Riding of Yorkshire.
With a resurgence of Catholic church building in England, he worked on new churches throughout England and was thought to be of the school of Pugin.
His work has received a number of architectural awards.
His competition entries for cathedrals at Lille, Adelaide, Colombo, Brisbane, Edinburgh, and Truro were all unsuccessful.
Some of his works were covered in a study, "Buildings on the Western Kentucky University campus TR".
Person County Courthouse, Main St. between Aggitt and Court Sts.
Matthews House, 406 Goshen, North Little Rock, AR, NRHP-listed
His has published articles and research papers in Urdu and English in national and international journals on the subject of Islamic Architecture in Pakistan.
He is best known as the designs of the Church of Corpus Christi.
He also played for the Lincolnshire County Cricket team.
O'Neil Ford was an American architect of the mid-20th century in Texas and a leading architect of the American Southwest.
Sunnyhill Home, also known as Dr. Fisk Holbrook Day House, 8000 W. Milwaukee Ave. Wauwatosa, WI, NRHP-listed
Chicago & North Western Station, Evanston, Illinois
In 1994, Bohlin Cywinski Jackson was honored with the Firm Award presented by the American Institute of Architects.
He returned to Liskeard in 1864 to open his own independent practice, and opened a London office in 1868.
Norma Bonniwell is credited with design of one building that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Dr. Charles and Susan Skinner House and Outbuildings, NC 1528, 0.25 mi.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
She worked on the restoration and preservation of many historic buildings in England throughout her career, including Winchester Cathedral and the Royal Pavilion.
He was elected as municipal engineer in 1925 to implement the First Regulation Plan of Kumanovo from 1923.
Winter had two sons, Timothy, Henry, the football correspondent for The Daily Telegraph, and a daughter, Martha, an artist.
According to the Urban Landscape Lab biographical information her office, SCAPE, has won local and national design awards.
In 1731 he began to build up his own estate in Kinross-shire, which he named Blair Adam.
Samuel Óghale Oboh is a Canadian architect, manager, leader and the 2015 President of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada.
Two of his buildings have been designated a National Historic Landmark; others have been designated Chicago landmarks and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
This was the first project of the Hyderabad Urban Development Authority and provided owners with road access, street lights, storm drains, electricity and sanitary cores.
He now teaches at University of California, Los Angeles as Professor of Architectural History and is chair of the Department of Art History.
He married Harriet Briggs, daughter of the late Massachusetts Governor George N. Briggs.
Will Allen Alsop, OBE RA is a British architect and Professor of Architecture at University for the Creative Arts's Canterbury School of Architecture.
Between 1984 and 2005, seven of his works were declared World Heritage Sites by UNESCO.
Construction started in 1902 of his Beaux-Arts design.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
William Andrews McDonough is an American designer, advisor, author, and thought leader.
Angel Gurdian Croatian Catholic Mission Church 
In 1995, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
In all these projects he was assisted by eminent Indian architect Suraj P Subherwal.
He has been called "one of America's most prominent twentieth century architects" and a "prominent member of the international school of modern architecture."
Tillinghast was born in 1874 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Benjamin Collins Tillinghast, owner of a rubber goods company there.
The angels themselves are inspired by the 15th century monk Fra Angelico.
Morgan’s five books cover the architecture of pre-industrial cultures, including those in pre-Columbian North America and Micronesia.
He worked as an architect at Philadelphia with architect Steven Button and helped him design buildings for the Centennial Exposition.
He was one of Puerto Rico's most prominent architects in the mid 20th Century.
Henry James Tollit was an English architect who practised in Oxford.
The firm was organized by Horace William Shaler Cleveland and Robert Morris Copeland.
His work for the Duke at Windsor Great Park included creating the Virginia Water Lake.
In 2006 he was on the judging panel for The Observer Ethical Awards.
Taliaferro died in 1779 at the age of 74 "with the gout in his head."
Palmetto Fire Co., 27 Anson St., Charleston, South Carolina
Holding in his intestines with one hand and sliding from his horse, he fell to the ground and landed on his back.
Two of his works have been classified as National Historic Landmarks.
Ephraim B. Potter House, Glens Falls, Warren County, New York.
Thomas Paty was a British surveyor, architect and mason working mainly in Bristol.
He received his Bachelor of Architecture at the University of Witwatersrand in 1974.
Leroy Binkley, aka "Roy", was an architect based out of Chicago.
The practice has twice won the Gold Medal for Architecture at the National Eisteddfod of Wales, in 2007 and 2014.
Eugen Carl Kaufmann or Eugene Charles Kent was German-born English Jewish architect.
He employed Hyman Witcover as a draftsman and then partnered with him.
William John Donthorn was a notable early 19th-century English architect, and one of the founders of what became the Royal Institute of British Architects.
In 1954, Giurgola accepted a position as an assistant professor of architecture at the University of Pennsylvania.
During the Depression, Wormley was introduced to the president of Dunbar Furniture Company of Berne, Indiana, who hired him to upgrade their product line.
Arturo Vittori, is an Italian Artist, Architect, and Industrial Designer.
Ross Wimer, FAIA is an American architect, known for integrating the rigor and logic of engineering into his designs.
Soutar's older brother, Archibald Stuart Soutar, was also an architect.
Owen P. Parsons was an English architect who designed both speculative housing for rent and larger private commissions.
His most notable contributions include the Art Deco structures of Fair Park while he oversaw planning and construction of the 1936 Texas Centennial Exposition.
In 2011 David was elected to the American Institute of Architects College of Fellows.
Sherwood-Jayne House, addition to north end added by Nash, 55 Old Post Rd.
He designed more than 100 houses, 27 schools, six churches, and four Carnegie libraries.
He designed hundreds of unique homes, stores, offices, and public buildings, and many of his designs from the 1950s and 1960s are still strikingly modern today.
Burgess did mantels and other interior wood-work for Morlunda and Mountain Home, for example.
Dow, was an architect of Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
Frank West Rollins House, Concord, New Hampshire
In 2005, Stahel was nominated Visiting Professor at the Faculty of Engineering and Physical Sciences of the University of Surrey at Guildford.
His career was one of many firsts.
In 1862 Silloway started a second career as a Universalist minister in New Hampshire, Boston, and Brighton, Massachusetts.
He designed his own New Hampshire bungalow.
He was appointed OBE in the 1990 Birthday Honours.
Ewart apprenticed under John Albert Ewart from 1897 to 1901 and studied at the Ottawa School of Art.
In 1968 he moved from The Canadian Government Exhibition Commission in Ottawa to Toronto to join the design team planning Ontario Place.
Mackay studied architecture at the Glasgow School of Art and completed her post-graduate degree in design at the Royal College of Art in London.
His design for the Australian War Memorial was "the first national architectural monument in Australia".
Fyodor Osipovich Schechtel was a Russian architect, graphic artist and stage designer, the most influential and prolific master of Russian Art Nouveau and late Russian Revival.
He is internationally known for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs building in Riyadh and the Copenhagen Opera House.
Rossiter was born to American parents in Paris, France, on September 14, 1854.
Dr. Steven's House, 21 S. Riverview Heights Sioux Falls, SD, NRHP-listed
Alexander-Campbell House,, Prairie Style, 1546 N. 5th St. Abilene, TX
Joseph Stanislaus Hansom, FRIBA was a British architect.
Wentworth or William P. Wentowrth, was a Vermont-based architect who worked in Boston, but did institutional and ecclesiastic commissions in other areas.
All three brothers also made additions and alterations to The Grange, Ramsgate, originally designed by their father.
Arne Quinze is a Belgian conceptual artist best known for his unconventional and controversial public art installations.
Two years later, he opened an office in New York where his first major commissions were for railroad stations for the Pennsylvania Railroad company.
For the World Bank and the Calcutta Metropolitan Development Authority, Benninger was part of a team that devised the Busti Improvement Program.
Among his many works, he designed the "spectacular" Battery Park Hotel in Asheville, North Carolina.
"Bage Way", part of Shrewsbury's 20th century inner ring road which links Old Potts Way to Crowmere Road, was named for him.
Washington County Courthouse, 214 C St., Washington, Kansas, NRHP-listed
He is a licensed architect in Florida and Nevada.
He is known for having pioneered the use of steel in residential design.
Mayworth School, 236 Eighth Ave., Cramerton, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Donald Schmitt, MARCH, OAA, MRAIC, AIA, NCARB is a Canadian architect.
He first appears in the 1847-48 Boston directory, as an artist with rooms on Tremont Row.
He has designed private residencies and wineries.
He served as a supervising architect on the construction of the Crystal Palace for London's Great Exhibition of 1851.
In 2001 he was awarded a first-ever C.O.L.A.
The Architecture College presented a distinguished service award to Beadle.
Paramount Theater, 352 Cypress St. Abilene, TX
In this series the project that was to become St. Pancras International station was shown during the different phases of construction.
In February, 1881, Dow was appointed by the governor to the board responsible for building the territorial prison in Sioux Falls.
Linthicum & Linthicum was an architectural firm in North Carolina.
She lived in Hickory and Windsor, North Carolina.
The Bismarck-based firm evolved as Ritterbush Brothers during 1931-1974 and subsequently as Ritterbush Associates.
Gate City National Bank, 1111 Grand Ave. Kansas City, MO, NRHP-listed
As an educator, Betancourt founded and managed the Spanish Corps of Engineers and the Saint Petersburg Institute of Communications Engineers.
Dragiša Brašovan was a Serbian modernist architect, one of the leading architects of the early 20th century in Yugoslavia.
Richard Morris Hunt was an American architect of the nineteenth century and a preeminent figure in the history of American architecture.
Perhaps Mills' first commission, in Swiss chalet style.
With his wife, Mildred, to whom he was married from 1925 until his death, Sundeleaf also owned a 160-acre ranch in southwestern Montana, acquired in 1956.
Maria Parham Hospital, 406 S. Chestnut St., Henderson, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Daniel Hudson Burnham, FAIA was an American architect and urban designer.
Like other architects during this period he made buildings in both the National Romantic and Neoclassical style.
Charles L. Beatty House, 2320 Capitol Ave. Cheyenne, WY, NRHP-listed
Codd succeeded Samuel Lipscomb Seckham as the City Surveyor in Oxford.
He carried on the legacy of his architect father, Albert C. Martin.
During his time there, he lost the use of his legs through poliomyelitis.
From 1926 he had been a successful designer of opulent houses, including the former Eltham Palace, and claimed that he looked after 14 city churches.
Northern Trust Company Building, 50 South LaSalle Street, Chicago,
Romano Roland Paoletti, CBE was a British-Italian architect.
English furniture designers of the end of the 18th century, such as the Adams, Hepplewhite and Sheraton, were influenced by his graceful, flowing and classical conceptions.
Christian was elected A RIBA in 1840, FRIBA in 1850, RIBA President 1884–86 and was awarded the Royal Gold Medal in 1887.
Living and building for the majority of his career in Southern California, he came to be considered among the most important modernist architects.
The firm or its partners' works include the following three structures that both survive and are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:
He was the son of William Adam, Scotland's foremost architect of the time, and trained under him.
He died due to natural causes in 2001.
The [20th] century began with architects being inspired by an emerging age of industry and technology.
Eileen Mary Florence Good was an Australian architect and educator.
He designed a number of buildings that are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
He was born in Ballston Spa, New York.
Siegfried Popper was an eminent naval architect in late-nineteenth- and early twentieth-century middle Europe.
He was hired as architect of the Kanuga Lake Club.
Carman Theatre, Germantown Avenue and Roy Street, Philadelphia, PA 19140
Thomas H. Atherton was an American architect who worked in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania from c.1915 to c.1950.
William H. Corlett was an American architect and contractor.
Root and McBride-Bradley Building, 1220-1230 W. 6th St. Cleveland, Ohio, NRHP-listed
Tao Sule DuFour is an architect and scholar whose work explores the overlaps between architecture, philosophy, and anthropology.
Borruso was named Retail Design Luminary in 2006, and Designer of the Year in 2005 by DDI magazine.
In North Carolina, he was credited with architectural design of the New York State Capitol, which everywhere else is credited to others.
Born in New York City, his father “was a well-known piano-forte manufacturer and musician who helped to found the New York Philharmonic Society.
His firm designed more than 150 buildings during his career.
Sanger Brothers Complex, Block 32, bounded by Elm, Lamar, Main and Austin Sts., Dallas, TX NRHP-listed
For Professor Miles Warren, a supporting character of Spider-Man, see Jackal.
John Wind was an architect who worked in southwest Georgia in the United States from approximately 1838 until his death in 1863.
He received the USC Distinguished Alumni Award and the Gold Medal from the Los Angeles chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
Emmetsburg Public Library, 10th St. on Courthouse Sq., Emmetsburg, Iowa, NRHP-listed
He erected many churches in the service of the church commissioners.
Wallace L. Dow, often known as W.L.
Logan School, built 1915, 815 Elmwood Ave. Columbia, SC, NRHP-listed
John Jacob Zink was an American architect who designed movie houses in Washington, D.C., and Baltimore.
Fenway Studios, 30 Ipswich St., Boston, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed
He also served as the first chairman of the Nevada State Board of Architecture.
Mountain Home, SW of White Sulphur Springs on U.S. 60 White Sulphur Springs, WV, NRHP-listed
Turgut Cansever Turkish Architect, city planner, thinker.
In all of his buildings an organic obsession with flower forms and old Islamic symbolism has been merged into a fantastic alternative architecture for the future."
Louis Pounders is an American architect in Memphis, Tennessee.
He was both President of Puerto Rico's Institute of Architects, as well as President of the Puerto Rico Chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
In modern times, there are as many as 6,000 different groups, with more than 200 of them having a global reach.
John Andrew Pearson was an early 20th-century Canadian architect and partner to the Toronto-based firm of Darling and Pearson.
The average cost of each home will be about $2,500.
She was born in Waterloo, New York.
He designed Botterill's Horse Repository in Tanner's Moat around 1880.
He worked primarily for subway and railroads and is also noted for his Red Gates administrative building, one of Seven Sisters.
Florence Mary Taylor CBE was the first qualified female architect and the first woman to train as an engineer in Australia.
In 2007 he was appointed to the Editorial Board of the Chinese Journal of Population, Resources and Environment.
Redmayne ran Waterhouse's Manchester office after Waterhouse opened another in London.
Henry Goddard was an English architect who was a member of a family of architects who worked in Leicester.
Andrews United Methodist Church, 95 Richmond St. Brooklyn, NY, NRHP-listed
Chicago & North Western Station, Clybourn Junction, Illinois
Carson City Civic Auditorium, 813 N. Carson St., Carson City, Nevada, NRHP-listed
His work has been featured in many National and International(Italy, Germany and UK) Architectural Publications of note.
Roosevelt Building, 727 W. Seventh St. Los Angeles, CA, NRHP-listed
Cleveland and Copeland were a noted American landscape architecture firm.
What I want to see is good, experienced architects engaging in this.
Alexander Ustinovich Zelenko, was a Russian and Soviet architect and educator, a pioneer in settlement movement and vocational education.
Hall in Morse & Hall, a firm remembered solely for the Merchants Bank Building.
He was born in Trail, BC on April 18, 1937.
Harry Norris retired on his 76th birthday in June 1966 and died 6 months later.
His mentors included Arne Jacobsen and Jørn Utzon.
It evolved out of Joseph Trench & Company around the mid-1840s, several years after Snook joined the firm.
He is credited with defining the city's characteristic terraced setbacks and signature penthouses.
He is best known for his collaborations with Willoughby J. Edbrooke, especially the 1889 Georgia State Capitol.
Austin-Smith:Lord is a British architectural firm, established in 1949.
He has been one of the leading architects in the condo boom that has reshaped Toronto in the first decade of the 21st century.
John Booth was a British architect and surveyor.
He was married in 1904 and that year he moved to Amherst, Nova Scotia.
José da Costa e Silva was a Portuguese architect.
His most important building in Bath was the Swedenborgian New Jerusalem Church in the Greek revival style (now the Institute of Public Care.
Cartwright was born in Hertfordshire; his parents were Timothy Cartwright of Gloucestershire and Penelope Segar, whose first husband was Nicholas Charles.
Ferdinand Pouillon was a French architect, urban planner, building contractor and writer.
It completed ten churches in the Gothic Revival Style in the Liverpool area.
He is known for the introduction of the Prairie Style to the Caribbean and the integration of Arts and Crafts elements to his architecture.
Most recently, he collaborated with Calvin Klein on the design of a new house in Southampton, New York.
To irrigate topics related to sustainable infrastructure he founded the Liveable Cities Lab in the Danish Ramboll Group, focusing on research and consultation.
Ettore Sottsass was an Italian architect and designer during the 20th century.
Joseph Clarke, FRIBA was a British Gothic Revival architect who practised in London, England.
Robert Furneaux Jordan was an English architect, architectural critic and novelist.
The courthouse at Parry Sound designed in 1871 still forms the core of the present courthouse complex.
George Lister Sutcliffe was an English Arts and Crafts architect and author of a number of technical and architectural publications.
Following the principles of John Howard, his designs aimed to provide inmates with dry and airy cells.
He was in partnership with Thomas Rickman from 1835, whose practice he assumed in 1838 with the latter's failing health.
Louis Delacenserie was a Belgian architect from Bruges.
He was born in Kendallville, Indiana, to German immigrants and later apprenticed under prominent architects in Chicago and Fort Wayne, Indiana.
He is the head of Studio Fuksas, with offices in Rome, Paris and Shenzhen.
Rieman opened a successful architect's practice which designed works from Skagen in the north to Trøjborg Manor at Tønder in the south.
The above cut shows a residence that is soon to be built in Boone, by [Iowa State] Senator C. J.
George Baird CM is a Canadian architect and architectural educator most closely associated with the University of Toronto, although he also taught at Harvard University.
Through his company, Sea Pines Company, he developed Sea Pines Plantation, Amelia Island Plantation, and Kiawah Island Resort, among several other master planned communities.
Fyler-Hotchkiss Estate, 192 Main St. Torrington, CT, NRHP-listed
She was chosen in 2009 deputy of the Galician Parliament, a post she occupied until February 2012.
In 1878-1882 designed and oversaw construction of an all-girl school, Alma College and the additions, which were destroyed by a fire on May 28, 2008.
Architect Palafox was also cited by Forbes Asia Magazine as one of the 48 Heroes of Philanthropy in Asia, one of four in the Philippines.
For that school's chapel he had also designed many memorials during the 1880s and 1890s.
He is a winner of the RIBA Gold Medal, the Thomas Jefferson Medal, the RIBA Stirling Prize, the Minerva Medal and Pritzker Prize.
Von Ezdorf initially intended to embark on a career in music and studied music until he was 16.
His father, William Stanley Bates, was himself a prominent architect in early Calgary who designed the Burns Building and the Grain Exchange.
Stetson Union Church, ME 222 Stetson, ME, NRHP-listed
Lino's architectural theses and studies revolved around the theory of the Casa Portuguesa, an idealized concept of Portuguese residential architecture, planning, and lifestyle.
He succeeded John Brown as the most successful Norwich architect in the second half of the 19th century.
His father was a contractor and introduced him to the building trade.
S. Charles Lee was an American architect recognized as one of the most prolific and distinguished motion picture theater designers on the West Coast.
Guilford Marsh Bell was an Australian architect active following from World War II until his death in 1992.
After his studies he worked in planning and architectural offices in the Netherlands, Sweden and Ireland and eventually had his own office in Amsterdam.
His son, Linn Forrest, Jr., also became an architect.
Sidney R. Yates Federal Building, 14th St. and Independence Ave. Washington, DC, NRHP-listed; built 1878–1880
Upon Poetz's retirement it was reorganized as Cutter & Malmgren.
The Fraser Brother's pioneered many urban planning principals study and copied through the southeastern United States.
Onat was born in Istanbul in 1908.
He also served for 17 years as an LDS Bishop until his death Christmas of 1902.
He trained in the Beaux Arts style of traditional design.
Adler & Sullivan was an architectural firm founded by Dankmar Adler and Louis Sullivan.
In the 18th century, Adam was considered Scotland's "Universal Architect".
Albert Ely Ives was an American architect.
Shuttleworth left Foster and Partners to set up his own practice, Make Architects, in 2004.
Also one of the most controversial speaker of his time, he is witty and at times his caustic comments may have offended many.
He headed an extensive governmental department and trained many assistants who, in turn, distinguished themselves, including Sedefkar Mehmed Agha, architect of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque.
One or more works in Cannelton Historic District, roughly bounded by Richardson, Taylor, First, and Madison Sts., Cannelton, Indiana, NRHP-listed
Róisín Heneghan is an Irish architect and designer.
His work included designs for several historic and notable schools, churches, stadiums, and commercial properties.
By 1710 he had been admitted into the mason's lodge, and he is known to have visited London on at least one occasion.
Born in Charlotte, North Carolina, he was the son of the American painter Robert Gwathmey and photographer Rosalie Gwathmey.
His son, Burdette Keeland III, lives in Houston and is a well known contractor.
Winsome attended Sydney Girls High School where she was an outstanding student both academically and athletically.
Lavaca County Courthouse, bounded by LaGrange, 2nd, 3rd, and Main Sts.
and Middle from Charles to Center Sts.
He is a representative of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture, with a particular emphasis on urban context and the continuity of architectural traditions.
Among other houses, he designed Black Point in Linn, Wisconsin and the Francis J. Dewes House in Chicago.
Surviving into old age, he brought their ideas and working methods into the second half of the twentieth century.
With Woolley he designed the Yale Ward Meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Rainbow Arch Bridge, CO 52, Fort Morgan, Colorado
In 2014 she received the Sir James Irwin President's Medal from the Australian Institute of Architects.
Carole J. Olshavsky, FAIA, an American architect.
Works of his that are listed on the National Register include:
Gunnar Birkerts is a Latvian-American architect who, for most of his career, was based in the metropolitan area of Detroit, Michigan.
Charles Alling Gifford was an American architect and a partner at the New York firm Gifford & Bates.
His most famous work is Bayou Bend, a mansion built in 1927 for oil heiress Ima Hogg.
The Sumacs, completed in 1894 for artist William Hamilton Gibson
Maynicke was born in Germany and trained at Cooper Union.
Clark University, Clark University campus, Worcester, Massachusetts
In 2014, Ban was named the 37th recipient of the Pritzker Architecture Prize, the most prestigious prize in modern architecture.
In January 2011 UET Lahore issued its first PhD in Architecture to him.
Starting in 1860, he apprenticed in San Francisco as a draftsman at the architectural firm of his father, Stephen H. Williams, and Henry W. Cleaveland.
In 1884 he began attending classes at the Sheffield Scientific School, in New Haven, receiving his degree in 1887.
One or more works in Bandelier CCC Historic District, off NM 4 in Bandelier National Monument, New Mexico
He died aged 78 and was buried in St Paul's Cathedral.
Martin L. C. Wilmarth House, 528 Glen St. Glens Falls, NY, NRHP-listed
In 1905, the partnership was working on the remodeling of a country house in Tapeley Park, in the village of Instow, Devon.
Nowadays, to own a 10- to 20-room apartment in a Candela-designed building is to accede to architectural as well as social cynosure."
James Gallier, Jr., graduated from the University of North Carolina in 1848, and the following year he succeeded to his father's architectural firm.
The first graduate of the University of Notre Dame School of Architecture in 1904, he returned to Havana to enter into private practice with his father.
He is best known for designing early statehouses for North Carolina, Alabama and Mississippi.
In 2008, Time put him in their top 100 of The World's Most Influential People.
Due to economical problems he moved to Finland in 1851, where Chiewitz made his most remarkable career.
Clara de Buen Richkarday is a Mexican architect.
Michael Wilford CBE is an English architect from Hartfield, East Sussex.
He also carried out a restoration of St Peter and St Paul's Church at Temple Ewell near Dover.
Stahel has been serving in a number of functions for the European Commission.
His long career included work in both the public and private sector.
In 1945, the Fletchers joined forces with their mentor, Walter Gropius, and five other young architects, including Sarah and John C. Harkness, to establish TAC.
A later partnership was with Isaac Luck, which lasted until 1850; Luck emigrated to Christchurch in New Zealand in 1851.
They rented the house to holidaymakers for up to £5000 per week.
Among the most known projects are the Vertical Forest in Milan, the Villa Méditerranée in Marseille, and the House of the Sea of La Maddalena.
Raymond E. Page was a Southern California-based landscape architect, best known for his work at Pickford, the Beverly Hills home of Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks.
He has designed historical monuments including mosques and shrines throughout the Punjab and contributed to the conservation and renovation of historical monuments.
The technology that Bage developed makes him a pioneer of what would become modern sky scraper technology.
YWCA Boston, 140 Clarendon St. Boston, MA, NRHP-listed
It is the only public building in Cheltenham, other than ecclesiastical still used for the purpose for which it was designed
Cass Gilbert was a prominent American architect.
For three He served as president of the North Dakota State Board of Architecture.
In 1960–1980 Bruns served as the chief architect of Tallinn.
The factory made doors and windows for export to Upper Canada, Australia, the USA and Britain.
He designed the William G. LeDuc House in Hastings in 1863-66, as well as the Philo Q. Boyden House in Hudson, Wisconsin in 1879.
Sedad Hakkı Eldem, was a Turkish Architect.
Yona Friedman is a Hungarian-born French architect, urban planner and designer.
He currently teaches at his alma mater Nihon University.
More than 10 of his buildings remain in the city, many of which are on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bartholomew County, Indiana.
Ray Chi is an American architect, cellist, film and video editor, and furniture designer.
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Building, 39 W. Lexington St., Baltimore, Maryland, NRHP-listed
Among his best known works are Hopetoun House near Edinburgh, and Duff House in Banff.
He worked as an apprentice in the office of J & A Douglas in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Recent works include Lord & Taylor in New York, Carlo Pazolini in Milan/New York/Rome/London and the Snaidero USA showroom in New York, United States.
The tower has stepped buttresses in the corners and a wide cornice-frieze while Missionshuset has frieze and windows framed by yellow brick.
Britton, was a builder of bridges in Indiana.
Between 1910 - 1930, there were actually five women who worked as architects in the Kansas City area.
Johnson was born in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and attended Germantown Academy before graduating from the University of Pennsylvania in 1875.
Morgan has been described as a pioneer of sustainable design.
Architectural Record House Award, selected one of the best 50 houses in the last 25 years.
Kingston Armory, 280 Market St. Kingston, PA, NRHP-listed
This experience was captured in his 1978 book A Wilderness of Days.
In 1908 he moved back to Perth and practiced from Forrest Chambers.
In 2000, Rem Koolhaas won the Pritzker Prize.
St. Bonaventure Church Complex, off NE 14, Raeville, NE, NRHP-listed
McCanless-Williams House, 402 W. Tyler, Ennis, TX, which McCanless built for himself, NRHP-listed
Saenger Theatre, renamed the Perot Theatre, 221 Main St, Texarkana, Texas, NRHP-listed
In 1978 he was awarded an American Institute of Architects Gold Medal and in 1979 the first Pritzker Architecture Prize.
Also, many of his commissions were Lutheran or Roman Catholic churches.
Other departments within the museum hold examples of his furniture and textiles.
He remained in the position until his early death in 1915 from heart disease.
Rafael Israelyan was an Armenian architect and designer.
In the late 1980s the United Kingdom part of Clouston's company merged with RPS PLC, Clouston being Chairman until 1993.
John McKean Brydon was a Scottish architect who developed a practice in designing public buildings, particularly hospitals, in London.
Lily Isabel Maude Addison was a female architect who practised in Queensland, Australia.
He was born in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Berry House, 5805 N. Farm Loop Rd., Palmer, Alaska, NRHP-listed
Michel Abboud is a Lebanese born architect.
More recently Beadle has been rediscovered for his stylish mid-century residential housing stock and for his influence on desert modernism.
J. M. Chapman House, 10 Rockledge Montclair, NJ, NRHP-listed
Bryant Fleming was a Buffalo, New York-born architect and landscape architect.
St. John's Lutheran Church, 185 S. Center St., Orange, CA, NRHP-listed
His building designs were influenced by the French architect Eugène Emmanuel Viollet-le-Duc.
McDonough's career is focused on creating a beneficial footprint.
She formed the architecture practice Ushida Findlay with her husband in 1986.
Prior to establishing his own firm, he worked in the architecture offices of Gene Leedy, SHoP Architects and Zaha Hadid.
In June 1898, she passed the RIBA examinations for associate membership.
Younker Brothers Department Store, 713 Walnut St. Des Moines, IA, NRHP-listed
She was a fellow of the American Institute of Architects, and Academician of the National Academy of Design.
Richmond Hill House, 45 Richmond Hill Rd.
David Chipperfield Architects is a global architectural practice with offices in London, Berlin, Milan, and Shanghai.
His most notable works are former premier, Don Dunstan's residence as well as the first townhouses in Adelaide.
During World War I, Mesrobian was drafted into the Ottoman army and became a decorated member of the Ottoman Army.
Egerton Swartwout was an American architect, most notably associated with his New York architectural firm Tracy and Swartwout and McKim, Mead & White.
He was born in Chicago, Illinois on November 15, 1879.
L. DuPuy, and then under others in Ithaca, New York, in New York City, and Portland again.
Mai Šein is a member of the Union of Estonian Architects.
Pier Carlo Bontempi is an Italian architect.
Providence Street Firehouse, 98 Providence St., Worcester, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed
Ave., and E. Church St., Marshalltown, IA NRHP-listed
Quail Avenue Bridge, built 1913, Quail Ave. over an unnamed stream, 4.5 mi.
He pioneered the use of modular prefabricated steel and aluminum structures in residential and commercial design and construction.
Edward Prowse was an architect working in the Geelong region of Victoria, Australia in the late nineteenth century.
His style usually included Romanesque style pillars to his buildings.
He attended Williams College and Columbia University and began his life as an architect in 1893.
Stratton, was an American architect based in Boston.
One or more works in West Warm Springs Historic District, Warm Springs Ave., Main, 1st, 2nd, and Idaho Sts., Boise, ID, NRHP-listed
Randall Paul Stout was a Los Angeles, California based architect.
Demetrios Pikionis Πικιώνης; 1887–1968) was a major Greek architect of the 20th century and had a considerable influence on Greek architecture.
Josselyn & Taylor was an architectural firm in Iowa.
College Corner Commercial Historic Business District, Euclid Ave., between Second and Third Aves.
He was invested as a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects and a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries.
Hendrik Beyaert or Henri Beyaert was a Belgian architect.
Raul Lino da Silva, better known as Raul Lino was a Portuguese architect, designer, architectural theorist, and writer.
He believed low cost housing did not have to be drab and dull, but instead could be innovative and inspirational.
He is one of Britain's most prolific architects of his generation.
Noi Abramovich Trotsky was a renowned Soviet architect.
They had a branch office in Muncie and designed a number of large homes in that city.
Glenwood Cemetery Mortuary Chapel, 2219 Lincoln Rd., NE, Washington, D.C., NRHP-listed
For over 40 years, she was one of team of five architects who founded GGMPU Arquitectos, a firm based in Córdoba, Argentina.
Between 1886 and 1888 Frimodt Clausen worked as conductor for Vilhelm Theodor Walther.
Nicklas was born in New Philadelphia, Ohio and graduated from Ohio Northern University.
Irwin trained at the University of Toronto, where he was a Member of the Alpha Delta Phi Fraternity.
He was awarded the gold medal of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1930 and was knighted in 1935.
Tsumaki Yorinaka was a Japanese architect and Head of the Japanese Ministry of Finance building section in the later Meiji period.
Rockhill graduated with a Bachelor of Architecture from Notre Dame in 1970 and Master of Architecture from SUNY in 1976.
He is a member of the TED Brain Trust and shared REX's design methodologies at the TED2006 and TEDxSMU conferences.
Eric Lloyd Wright is an American architect, son of Frank Lloyd Wright, Jr and the grandson of the famed Frank Lloyd Wright.
Richard Kyrke Penson or R. K. Penson was a Welsh architect and artist.
He created iconic circular drive-in restaurants in Southern California, including Simon's, Herbert's, and Robert's in the 1930s.
Spalding was an assistant for William Gilbee Habershon and Edward Habershon from 1857 to 1863.
Carl Martel Neuhausen was a noted architect in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Among the buildings she developed is the Textile Center Building, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Among these was the Mount Royal Pumping Station at the corner of North Avenue and McMechen Street in Baltimore, designs of which were completed in 1897.
Her achievements include a masterplan for developing an area of 161 hectares in Paris's La Défense business district.
Dixie Hunt Hotel, 209 Spring St., SW Gainesville, GA, NRHP-listed
He was responsible for design as well as building, and executed the new range in an Anglo-Flemish style, which he helped to popularise in Scotland.
Ivenue Love-Stanley FAIA NOMA, is an American architect.
Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Building and Madison Theater, 36 Park Ave., W., Mansfield, Ohio, NRHP-listed
Kathleen Eileen Moray Gray was an Irish architect and furniture designer and a pioneer of the Modern Movement in architecture.
He is the General secretary of Institute of Architects Bangladesh and the Vice president of Commonwealth Association of Architects.
She was the first woman to receive the Pritzker Architecture Prize, in 2004.
He became the Order's resident engineer in the early 17th century, and he directed the upgrading of the Cittadella of Gozo between 1600 and 1603.
Fred Crowthers was an English-born architect who worked in Charleston, West Virginia for several years in the early-1920s before permanently establishing his business in Detroit, Michigan.
Zaida Muxí Martínez is an Argentine architect and city planner who graduated in the Faculty of Architecture, Design and Urbanism at the University of Buenos Aires,
Hunt Armory, 324 Emerson St., Pittsburgh, NRHP-listed
Bernard's son, Kurt Vonnegut Sr. returned from Germany in 1910 and became a partner in the firm, which remained named Vonnegut & Bohn, despite Bohn's seniority.
William Bruce Gingell was an architect practicing in Bristol.
His family moved to Seattle while he was still young.
George Palmer Turner was an American architect principally known for his residential designs in Birmingham, Alabama.
Linn Argyle Forrest, Sr. was an American architect of Juneau, Alaska who worked to restore "authentic Southeast Alaska Native architecture, especially totem poles".
Miss Hogg donated the estate and its collection of antique decorative arts to the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston in 1966.
George Loring House, 76 Highland Ave. Somerville, MA, NRHP-listed
Jot D. Carpenter was a noted landscape architect and Professor of Landscape Architecture in the Knowlton School of Architecture at The Ohio State University.
After graduating he worked for offices in Seattle, New York City, and London.
Valentina Pistoli is the first Albanian woman architect.
He was also involved in engineering projects such as the extension of the Thames Embankment across Millbank.
Francis Fowke RE was a British engineer and architect, and a Captain in the Corps of Royal Engineers.
Born in Venice, he graduated with honors in engineering and architecture from the Politecnico di Milano.
He was also one of the authors of Building Type Basics for Housing a book documenting good housing design and conventions.
Martin Euclid Thompson was an American architect and artist prolific in nineteenth-century New York City, and a co-founder of the National Academy of Design.
He joined the Atlanta firm that became Toombs, Amisano and Wells in 1954.
He started his own practice in 1876 at York, and was joined by his brother Rinehardt and later his son Frederick.
In 1852 he committed suicide at the White Hart Hotel, Bath, Somerset so J. C. Buckler completed the extension in his stead.
He was raised in a Mid-Century Modern home designed by Gene Leedy of the Sarasota School of Architecture.
Findlay graduated from the Architectural Association in London in 1979.
The cities of Cascais and Sintra, along the Portuguese Riviera, boast the largest concentration of Lino's constructions out of anywhere.
Makovecz was one of the most prominent proponents of organic architecture.
One or more buildings in St. Katherine's Historic District, 901 Tremont St., Davenport, IA NRHP-listed
Other works include the headquarters of Guttenberghus, now partly converted into the Danish Film Institute, and the Richs Building in Copenhagen.
Elissa Aalto was a Finnish architect and author.
In 1860, he became manager of the South East Furniture Company, founded by Edward to manufacture Edward's designs.
Poynter was born at 24 Gower Street, Bloomsbury, London, He was eldest son of Sir Edward John Poynter, and grandson of architect Ambrose Poynter.
He is responsible for a number of public works particularly the façade of Parliament Square in Edinburgh, which houses the Court of Session.
Henry F. Hoit was a well known Kansas City, Missouri architect in the early 20th century.
He achieved a national reputation within about 20 years, largely for his 1947 aluminum-clad Equitable Building.
His father had trained with Louis Quévillon.
Since 2014, she is a member of the liberal Reform Party.
At the time of his death, Lyman was referred to as the "dean of Western New York Architecture."
Charles Geoffrey Boutcher was a London-born architect and a partner of the Penang, Ipoh and Johor architectural firm, Stark & McNeill, in Malaysia.
His factory for De Danske Spritfabrikker at Aalborg's harbourfrint was declared a Danish Industrial Heritage Site in 2009.
He later went into partnership with his son, Frederick Martin.
Third Fitzwilliam Meetinghouse, Village Green, Fitzwilliam, NH, NRHP-listed
Michael Haverland is an architect based in New York City and East Hampton, New York.
Norman County Courthouse, 16 E.3rd Ave. Ada, MN, NRHP-listed
He also worked on many parish churches and the college chapel at the University of Wales, Lampeter.
The Joseph Storey Architectural Conservancy celebrates his many contributions to his home town every summer with a walking tour of homes he designed.
Robert Law Weed was an architect from Miami, Florida.
Perhaps his most noted building is the Richardsonian Romanesque main building for Victoria College.
A number of its works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
He believes that it's gratifying to create something that affects people's lives on a daily basis.
In 1904 he established a private practice named Townsend and Fleming.
Several have become integral part of museum collections worldwide, including the Chicago Athenaeum and the Red Dot Museum in Essen, Germany.
Arturo Soria y Mata was an internationally important Spanish urban planner whose work remains highly inspirational today.
Elmer Feig was an American unlicensed architect credited with designing over 81 apartment buildings between 1925 and 1931 in Portland, Oregon.
Today, the remaining southeast block is known as 'The Palace House Mansion'.
Elizabeth Chu Richter is a Chinese-born American architect.
A. F. Chapman House Watkins Glen, NY , north side turret added to house in 1902
Semper designed works at all scales, from a baton for Richard Wagner to major urban interventions like the re-design of the Ringstraße in Vienna.
He was one of key architects charged with rebuilding the city after the Fire of 1812.
Engelbert was born in Germany in 1826.
Otis Manson was an architect in Richmond, Virginia known for his residential building designs.
In 1989, he was made a Fellow of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada.
Andrey was not as close with Fyodor as his elder brother Mikhail, but they were also friends.
Philip Boughton Chatwin was an architect in Birmingham, England.
Afterwards, he was employed at the municipal construction office of Berlin until he retired in 1950.
His works architecturally shift between different Historicist styles.
He started his career in the office of Charles Wellford Leavitt and worked there until 1909.
Wolters was involved in the reconstruction of West Germany following World War II, rebuilding his hometown of Coesfeld among many other projects.
Henry Percy Adams, FRIBA, was a Ipswich-born English architect.
In Nagpur the first building he designed was the Panchasheel cinema theatre, later it became a landmark.
Alfred E. Dickey Free Library, 105 3rd St., SE Jamestown, ND, NRHP-listed
Alamance County Courthouse, Elm and Main Sts., Graham, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Mau works with Freeman to drive innovation in the events industry.
Charles R. Weatherhogg was an American architect from Fort Wayne, Indiana.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
His work has won him multiple awards, the first being in 1963, one year after graduating from the University of Sydney.
Saint Mark's and Saint John's Episcopal Church, 1245 Culver Rd.
They designed many notable public, educational, commercial, and church buildings, in North Dakota, Minnesota, and Montana.
He was also a notable exponent of Italianate Style of Villa and Palazzo architecture in Wales.
Grindle left the project entirely to Weatherhogg, who then completed most of the design work.
Martin Luther Hampton was an architect in Florida.
Spurr is buried at New Southgate Cemetery.
Masdar centre won the Special Award - Environmental Category in the 2009 Cityscape Dubai Awards.
William "Bill" Hildebrand Alington is a New Zealand modernist architect, whose work has been awarded nationally, and recognised internationally.
He moved to Cleveland, Ohio in 1897 and worked in Sidney Rose Badgley's office as a draftsman.
He studied architecture at the École des Beaux-Arts.
Neuhausen died in the house in 1907 of heart failure, at age 49.
At the end of the war, President Wilson granted clemency to over 100 prisoners on Bettman's recommendation.
Talman was held by many to be surly, rude and difficult to get on with.
Lee used Art Deco elements in combination with traditional building detailing.
Klingmann believes that branded landscapes "effect lasting, meaningful changes that draw upon the dormant or explicit potential of particular cultures and places."
Many of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A number of Henderson's works are now on English Heritage Register of Parks and Gardens.
One or more works in Downtown Burlington Historic District, Roughly bounded by Morehead, S. Main, Davis, S. Worth, E. Webb and Spring Sts.
He is internationally known as Alvaro Siza and in Portugal as Siza Vieira.
Gere Bank Building, 121 E. Water St. Syracuse NY
He also designed the Calvary Congregational Church in Westmount, located at the intersection of Greene Street and Dorchester Boulevard; demolished in 1961.
A revised edition was published in 2005.
Dr. M. C. Hawkins House, 4684 AR 8 Parkdale, AR, NRHP-listed
Over time, Candela's buildings have become some of New York's most coveted addresses.
In 1926 he published his best-known work, Dictionary of American Painters, Sculptors, and Engravers.
Upon his death, the firm operated under the name Hubert, Pirson & Haddick, until 1893 when Hubert retired.
von der Hude trained under the Berlin architect Friedrich August Stüler.
One or more works in North Main Street Historic District, roughly Main St. from Church St. to Mocksville city limits, Mocksville, Carolina, NRHP-listed
In 1860 he formed a long-lasting partnership with Julius Hennicke.
Morris Henry Sugarman was an American architect.
Old Ocean Springs High School, Magnolia and Government St.
NAS Chase Field-Building 1009, Essex St. 0.68 mi.
Scott Simons, FAIA is an American architect and planner based in Portland, Maine.
Francis Mawson Rattenbury was a British architect, although most of his career was spent in British Columbia, Canada, where he designed many notable buildings.
Shortly before his death, he was awarded with the medal of academic merits by the Universidad Anáhuac.
A number of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Edwin Arthur Gibson was an American architect active in Indianapolis, Indiana from 1946 to 2002.
Samwell's designs for the west wing are on display inside Felbrigg Hall today, signed and dated 1674.
Gene Dub RCA is a Canadian architect and former politician.
In 1960 Donald Bailey setup Howlett and Bailey Architects with Jeffrey Howlett in Perth, Western Australia.
One or more works in Bishopville Commercial Historic District, N. Main St. between W. Church and Cedar Ln.
Born in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany, Disch has dedicated particular focus to regional renewable and sustainable energy.
His buildings include Dulwich Public Baths, Camberwell Public Baths and Belle Vue House, Sudbury, Suffolk
Ivan Ivanovich Rerberg was a Russian civil engineer, architect and educator active in Moscow in 1897–1932.
Over a career of 78 years he designed approximately 600 projects.
Ould had trained with John Douglas in Chester.
Among the Finnish immigrants, Maki "was probably the greatest influence and source of building knowledge in the area."
Abdelqader established his firm "Senan Abdelqader Architects" in Jerusalem in 1995, and in Jaffa in 2015.
Harvey Lonsdale Elmes was an English architect, the designer of St George's Hall, Liverpool.
The three preached in Auckland, Wellington, and Nelson, after which Farnham returned to Australia, leaving Cooke and Holder to continue preaching.
In 2010 he was awarded the gold medal by the French Academy of Architecture for all his work.
He and his firm have been honored with numerous architectural awards.
William F. Kurke was a prolific architect in North Dakota.
San Angelo National Bank, Johnson and Taylor, and Schwartz and Raas Buildings, 20–22, 24, 26 E. Concho Ave. San Angelo, TX Lillis, Ruffini & Ruffini
Tensas Parish Courthouse, Courthouse Sq., St. Joseph, LA, NRHP-listed
He designed numerous buildings in the Longwood, Fisher Hill, and Chestnut Hill areas of Boston.
His dates of birth and death are unknown.
Mederville Bridge, County road over Volga River, Mederville, Iowa
Frederick Pepys Cockerell was a British architect.
In Kuldīga he rebuilt the ancient brick bridge across the Venta River.
Stancho Belkovski was a Bulgarian architect, born in 1891, deceased in 1962.
Romaldo "Aldo" Giurgola AO was an Italian academic, architect, professor, and author.
Henry Sproatt was a Canadian architect in the early 20th Century.
US Post Office-Old Chelsea Station, 217 W. 18th St., New York, NY, NRHP-listed
At Wright's studio he did working drawings for and supervised the Robie House and the Mrs. Thomas Gale House.
Chief among his works in Baltimore were the Homewood Apartments, Washington, Canterbury Hall and Tudor Hall Apartments."
Barragán's buildings are frequently visited by international students and professors of architecture.
Deborah Saunt is an Australian-born English architect.
Benjamin Ferrey, FSA, FRIBA was an English architect who worked mostly in the Gothic Revival.
Carl L. Caviness Post 102, American Legion, 201 S. Main St., Chariton, Iowa, NRHP-listed
In North Carolina he designed the Dr. Beverly Jones House near Bethania, Forsyth County, North Carolina.
Austin & Shambleau was an American architectural partnership in South Bend, Indiana in the United States.
He was a connoisseur of objets d’art as well as landscapes, and one of Oregon’s most gifted architectural designers, even while his output was limited.
In 1909 he went to work for Frank Lloyd Wright at his studio in Oak Park.
The Banff National Park Pavilion,, Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada – 1911
As a young boy he moved to Rijeka, where he attended and finished architecture at the University of Rijeka.
Taylor was graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Rutgers College in New Brunswick, New Jersey in 1867.
John Carl Warnecke was an architect based in San Francisco, California, who designed numerous notable monuments and structures in the Modernist, Bauhaus, and other similar styles.
William E. Coleman House, 500 Missouri Ave.
His works include at least two new country houses, Claughton Hall, and Leagram Hall, both of which have since been demolished.
He currently teaches at the Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design and The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee.
Syracuse City Hall, 233 E. Washington St., Syracuse, New York
Wyatt Cephus Hedrick was an American architect, engineer, and developer most active in Texas and the American South.
He continued the business after his father's death along with his much younger brother Hubert Worthington, who became a partner in 1913.
Their recent awards include Japan Institute of Architects Prize, Association for Children's Environment Design Award and OECD/CELE 4th Compendium of Exemplary Educational Facilities.
Soleri authored six books, including The Omega Seed, "Arcology - City In the Image of Man," and numerous essays and monographs.
He is also founder of Small Works, a for purpose design and development company which focuses on reconstruction and social impact projects.
He was active in mid-to-late and early twentieth-century America, particularly in New York State, New York City, and Connecticut.
Kelly's work includes three properties listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places:
He studied at the Glasgow School of Art.
Brown was also a member of the Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. and contributed as a charter member for the Jacksonville chapter.
Charles E. Hartge was an American architect who was born in Hamburg, Germany as Carl Emil Hartge.
He studied architecture and worked in Hartford, Connecticut.
He submitted designs for the Glasgow City Chambers and Kelvingrove Art Gallery competitions, but was unsuccessful.
Today, however, he is hailed as one of America's premier architects, with his buildings drawing critical acclaim even to this day.
Mark Fisher, OBE, MVO, RDI was a British architect best known for his rock music stage sets.
John Parks Almand was an American architect who practiced in Arkansas from 1912 to 1962.
After he received his Master of Architecture from Yale University in 1984, he practiced at Cesar Pelli & Associates, Inc. until 1992.
His works include more than 40 buildings, most of them churches.
Brierley's works include civic buildings, churches, schools and private houses and are located mainly in York, North Yorkshire and the north of England.
Charles Babcock was a United States architect, academic, Episcopal priest and founding member of the American Institute of Architects.
Page County Courthouse, Main St., Clarinda, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Raised Episcopalian, he learned carpentry from his father.
His work has been exhibited in many major cities and has been published in major architectural magazines around the world.
New Work House, southwest corner of Magazine and Logan Sts.
Smythson designed a number of notable houses during the Elizabethan era.
The building's construction was supervised by local architects Wilson & Sompayrac.
He died in April, 1909, and is interred at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City.
Shortly thereafter he joined the US Army and served in World War I.
He had a very distinctive style, typified by square plans, concealed roofs, crenellated walls and square corner towers.
First National Bank Building, 168–170 W. Main Ave. Gastonia, NC, NRHP-listed
He took charge in many town, zoning and protection areas projects.
He, along with another Confederate envoy, had little luck with the German High Command in getting those arms and split up.
Holy Trinity Episcopal Church, North Cedar and East Luverne Streets, NRHP-listed
In 1882 he was ranked 9th in the world.
Father Pedro Castellanos was a priest and architect who gained renown in the state of Jalisco during a time of early Modernism marked by sacred purity.
Richard Kyrke Penson was a leading Gothic Revival architect.
Examples of these schemes are Queen's Park Estate and Noel Park.
Its Expressionist style relies heavily on Scandinavian brick Gothic traditions.
Wilson & Sompayrac was dissolved in 1919, when Wilson returned to practicing alone and Sompayrac moved to New York City.
She then embarked upon a career as a freelance journalist, writing for a number of newspapers and magazines.
He came from a simple background: his father was a labourer in the gardens at Hampton Court and he began as a joiner by trade.
At the House of Nairn, McGill completed William Bruce's design after the latter's death.
Bemis Eye Sanitarium Complex, Glen St. Glens Falls, NY, NRHP-listed
Alpheus Carey Morse was an American architect, with offices in Providence, Rhode Island.
Frimodt Clausen died on 7 March 1950 in Aarhus.
His wide-ranging styles included Greek, Italian and Tudor revival.
Biltmore Village Commercial Buildings, Brook St. and Biltmore Plaza, Asheville, N.C.,, NRHP-listed
Anatol Kagan, was a Russian-born Australian architect.
By 1815, he had introduced his son, Thomas, into the family business and they produced some substantial work together.
He was trained in Paris at the Ecole des Beaux Arts where he was a classmate of Bernard Maybeck.
Additional offices were opened in Singapore, Kuala Lumpur and in Sydney.
William C. Weeks was an architect in Wisconsin.
He was born in 1860 in Illinois.
Robert and Company is an architectural engineering firm based in Atlanta, Georgia with multiple offices in the southern United States.
Lawrence Scarpa is an architect based in Los Angeles, California.
Subsequently, Behnisch became one of the most prominent architects representing deconstructivism.
He was a pioneer of the use of concrete foundations.
Edwin Hugh Lundie was an American architect who established his firm in 1917, in downtown Saint Paul, Minnesota.
According to a 1920 Bismarck, North Dakota newspaper article, Shanley was a specialist in designing newspaper publishing plants.
Edgars Zalāns is a Latvian politician and architect.
Buek's clients included George Moore, Charles Dana, Charles M. Fry and John A. Stewart.
Walters & Cohen was established in 1994 with Michál Cohen.
He has been visiting professor in many international Universities as GSD Harvard Graduate School of Design, Berlage Institute, Columbia University.
McDonald also encouraged homeowners to be aware of the elegance of the natural environment, thereby making them more sensitive to nature.
Osterman was born in Essen, Germany in 1862 The firm's work included Dixie High School and Liberty Theater.
She was also the first women to teach architecture in Turkey.
John Cunningham was a Scottish architect perhaps best known for designing Lime Street railway station and the original Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool.
Thomas Henry Morgan was an architect in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Beaux-Arts style building was originally known as Dillaye Building.
In this book, he set forth the basic concepts that were to develop later in geographic information systems.
Shahzad has penned fifteen books on different architectural themes including structural and architectural aspects of shrines, mosques and minarets.
It was completed in 1829, built around an existing mansion house dating from 1778.
Nerstrand City Hall, Main St. Nerstrand, MN Thori,Alban, & Fisher
In 1898, Schweinfurth embarked on a two-year tour of Italy and France with his wife, Fanny, and their 7-year-old daughter.
In 1982, he earned a Master of Architecture degree from Texas A&M University.
His renaissance designs for the museum were altered and realised in the 1870s by Alfred Waterhouse, on the site of Fowke's Exhibition building.
One source says that he committed suicide but another cites tuberculosis.
Taylor's served on the East India Company ship Elphinstone as a midshipman until June 1843 when he was recommended to be made an officer.
Spokane Sash and Door Company Flats, 1302-1312 W Broadway Ave., Spokane, WA, NRHP-listed
He was born in Geneva, New York.
Henry John Klutho was an American architect known for his work in the "Prairie School" style.
He has been described as "the international doyen of landscape design with water".
He was known especially for large Queen Anne style wooden residences, mostly in Providence.
It is today the largest architectural firm in Denmark with branch offices in several countries.
John Belcher RIBA RA was an English architect and musician.
There he supervised the Scottish architect Frank James Connell.
After his retirement Clarke continued to live in Egypt and died in Mahamid in August 1926.
Richards, McCarty & Bulford was an American architectural firm.
Asheim first opened his office in Waterbury in 1898.
She also has described the concept of a "brandscape" which describes corporate value systems embodied into the physical landscape.
Edward William Mountford was an English architect, noted for his Edwardian Baroque style, who designed the Old Bailey.
Bryan W. Nolen was an Oklahoma City, Oklahoma architect who served as a Major in the Oklahoma National Guard.
Liebbe, Nourse & Rasmussen was an architectural firm in the U.S. state of Iowa.
During the onset of his carecer, Marcio divided his time between cinema and architecture, in partnership with Isay Weinfeld, his friend from university.
Pounders chaired the National AIA Committee on Design in 2009, the only Tennessee architect to have held the position.
A number of Collins' and the firm's works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Oaklands Historic District, Oakland and Arlington Aves.
Bates returned to Calgary in 1946 to work with his father's architectural firm again.
Benjamin Henry Boneval Latrobe was a British subject and neoclassical architect.
He is chair of the Department of Art History at University of California, Los Angeles, and Professor Emeritus of Architecture at University of California, Berkeley.
Russell trained in the United States with 19th-century Boston architect Henry Hobson Richardson.
With Samuel Huckel, Jr. he designed Worcester Union Station in Massachusetts.
He was best known for ecclesiastical architecture and memorial and historical art.
Wilkins and the firm designed many coke plants.
Alfred Hoare Powell was an English Arts and Crafts architect, and designer and painter of pottery.
He was involved in the emergence of the Arts and Crafts style in California.
Flint Public Library, 2 N. Main St. Middleton, MA, NRHP-listed
His father was Warren H. Williams, a leading early architect of Portland.
He was author of the article: Some Recollections of William Butterfield and Henry Woodyer.
Ag Hill Complex, Penn State University campus, State College, Pennsylvania, NRHP-listed
His works have been published extensively and have received over one hundred seventy international design awards.
of Fourth and Franklin Sts., Healdton, OK NRHP-listed
Alejandro Zaera Polo is a contemporary architect and founder of London and New York-based Alejandro Zaera-Polo & Maider Llaguno Architecture.
He is also an author of books and professional articles.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Wilson, Sompayrac & Urquhart was an architectural firm in South Carolina, and Wilson & Sompayrac was its successor, after Urquhart split off to form another firm.
It was a popular favorite, visited by an estimated 18 million people.
He strove toward an architecture with a minimal framework of structural order balanced against the implied freedom of unobstructed free-flowing open space.
By 1870, he had moved to Raleigh, North Carolina and worked as an architect.
Alfred Mardon Mowbray was an English Gothic Revival architect who practiced in Oxford and Eastbourne from the 1860s to the 1900s.
John Hawks was an architect in the United States.
A winner of the Prix de Rome, he is known for his work on the Costa Smeralda in Sardinia.
Howard Wright Cutler was an American architect known primarily for his designs of churches, schools and public buildings in Washington, D.C. and adjacent Montgomery County, Maryland.
One or more works in Barre Common District, bounded roughly by South, Exchange, Main, Pleasant, Broad, School and Grove Sts., Barre, MA, NRHP-listed
He was responsible for over 300 buildings between 1885 and the time of his death in 1926.
Many of Brauns’s known works were industrial buildings, most of which are now destroyed, and various buildings for Baltimore city’s water and sewer works.
In 1985, she opened her own firm where, since 1987, she has been working together with János Kárász.
Alexander Buchanan Campbell was a Scottish architect.
Critics said that Weiss' trial was marked by "guilt-by-association" tactics used by the U.S. attorney, Malcolm Lafargue, and by anti-Semitism.
Maria Auböck is an Austrian landscape architect and educator.
Major works in Phoenix, Chicago, Salt Lake City, Los Angeles, San Diego and Albuquerque.
Springer Building, 121 Tijeras Ave., NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico, NRHP-listed
In 1995 Buchanan Campbell gifted his papers to the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland.
Gifford’s serene 1960s pavilions provided refuge from a hostile world, while his exuberant post-Stonewall, pre-AIDS masterpieces orchestrated bacchanals of liberation.”
In the Sixties, he expanded his activities abroad and during the next two decades built the Ife University campus in Nigeria.
Fraser died in 2002 at the age of 73 in a tragic boat explosion in the Turks & Caicos Islands while on a consulting project.
He worked with the firm FABRAP, which, in 1985, became Rosser FABRAP International and is now Rosser International.
Curves make up the entire Universe, the curved Universe of Einstein.
He was later promoted to major in charge of a battalion of artillery batteries.
Weinzapfel was a Visiting Artist at the American Academy in Rome.
He then married and raised a family.
The firm eventually was absorbed into brg3s.
Dow was chairman of the prison construction board for four years.
The red brick building is Romanesque, with strong elements of the Lombardy style.
He was one of the most significant architects of the 20th century, combining traditional Japanese styles with modernism, and designed major buildings on five continents.
Baldon is credited with having a profound effect on the California furniture industry with her outdoor furniture designs.
Knights of Pythias building, built 1910, no longer standing
Among Jujol's projects are Casa Batlló, Casa Milà, Park Güell, and Our Lady of Montserrat, and among his design styles are Modernisme and Art Nouveau.
Letters & Lettering; A Treatise with 200 Examples.
John Wornham Penfold was a surveyor and architect born in Haslemere, Surrey where he is also buried.
McKinnell Kallman & Wood has received eight honor awards and the 1984 Firm of the Year award from the American Institute of Architects.
In 1920, Lee was commissioned for the renovation of the Walnut Street Theatre at 9th and Walnut Streets in Philadelphia.
Ross moved to Newton in the early 1920s where he met Dorothy M. Pickett; the couple were wed on October 8, 1928.
Saitowitz is well-known and influential in the Bay area architecture scene.
Somerset Armory, 109 Grand Ave., Somerset, Kentucky, NRHP-listed
Livingston County Courthouse, 112 W. Madison, Pontiac, IL NRHP-listed
In 1900 he was listed at 15 West 30th Street.
He later served as a bird colonel during World War II.
Aiken House, a hotel in Aiken, South Carolina
Thomas Seaton Scott was a Canadian architect.
William E. Lehman was an architect based in New Jersey.
Wallace was commissioned in 1618 to rebuild the north range of Linlithgow Palace, which had collapsed in 1605.
Their designs include, amongst others, the County Sessions House the Municipal Annexe and the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts.
Simón Vélez is a prize-winning architect from Colombia, most famous for his innovative use of bamboo as an essential building component.
In the 1920s, the firm designed the Jung and Pontchartrain hotels in New Orleans and the Eola Hotel in Natchez, Mississippi.
There are drawings by Eden in the collections of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
^ "National Register of Historic Places: County Courthouses in Iowa TR".
Franklin County Courthouse, 211 W. Commercial St. Ozark, AR, NRHP-listed
Having never retired, he died in Charlottetown in 1887 at the age of 64.
Warne died at home in Charleston April 25, 1954, and his ashes are in the Warne family mausoleum in Mt.
Nicolaus Hinrich Rieman was an architect and master builder in Denmark during the 1700s.
His 1969 book Design with Nature pioneered the concept of ecological planning.
Unlike most master builders at the time Rieman made plans for many projects without being directly involved in the construction or renovation process.
He founded his architectural practice in 1898, also marrying that year Cicely Dillworth Lloyd.
Caleb Ormsbee was an American architect who designed at least two National Historic Landmark homes.
Addison Kimball House, 390 W. Main St. Madison, OH, NRHP-listed
In Latvia he projected the building of Finance Ministry of Latvia, The Sanatorium of Tērvete, building of G. Ērenpreis Bicycle factory in Riga.
He was one of the overseers for the construction of the new parliament building after the original building burned in 1824.
Corinne Marie Gillian Bennett was an English conservation architect.
One or more buildings in Lucas Avenue Industrial Historic District, Bounded by Washington, Delmar, 20th & 21 Sts.
Clewes has taught at the University of Toronto and is a currently a member of the Toronto Waterfront Design Review Panel.
His earliest surviving known building dates from 1866.
William Francis Deegan was an architect, organizer of the American Legion, major in the Army Corps of Engineers, and Democratic political leader in New York City.
Vosbury was a native of Windsor, in Broome County, New York.
Konstantinovski is an important contributor to contemporary Macedonian architecture.
Annibale Rigotti was an Italian architect, teacher, designer and urban planner.
Joseph Hueber,, was a significant Austrian baroque master builder who studied under Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt.
Von Molkte, in turn, was so impressed with the wound and Andrew's bravery, he immediately agreed to sell the Confederacy the armaments they wanted.
He also did work in Stavanger, Bergen, Fredrikstad, and Voss, and created a number of churches.
Hanker & Cairns was an architectural firm of Memphis, Tennessee.
He is best known for preparing the zoning plan for Bergen together with Albert Lilienberg after the Bergen fire of 1916.
He was educated at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario.
Combining his architectural and earlier metalwork training he developed the "dandelion" inspired fountain which became one of the world's most copied designs.
He worked for the firm of Cross and Cross where he served as chief designer.
She was the first female architect in Rhode Island to practice under her own name.
Bogdan Bogdanović was a Serbian architect, urbanist and essayist.
On 13 January 2003, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 31.
He was known to friends and colleagues as "GG".
at Gregg St. Monongahela City, PA, NRHP-listed
He combines practice with teaching and lecturing in cultural institutions and venues.
He also designed Early Commercial architecture buildings, residences, churches and public buildings.
Berlinguet's engineering importance became recognized when, in 1870, he began building a large section of the Intercolonial Railway.
George M. Williamson was an American architect.
In 1891 he made his son, Frederick, a partner in the office, and promptly retired to Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts, on Martha's Vineyard.
^ Nacogdoches Historic Neighborhoods Tour, Stephen F. Austin State University, Faculty Survival Guide, 2008
Fyodor Savelyevich Kon was a 16th-century Russian military engineer and architect, the builder of Smolensk Kremlin and the Bely Gorod fortification ring of Moscow.
He embraced Chateauesque architecture and the Collegiate Gothic architecture.
George Bonner Sr. House, 103 E. Main, Midway, Utah, NRHP-listed
Undine Barge Club, #13 Boat House Row, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 1882–83,, NRHP-listed.
In 1852, Boston architect George Snell employed Morse to design the interiors of the Boston Music Hall.
These private studio-schools drew from the works of the masters such as Palladio and Vitruvius.
He is a winner of the architectural competitions in the Soviet Union and in the United States.
After 1903, Burnham focused his works on California, including a series of twelve Carnegie libraries.
One or more works in Snow Hill Historic District, W. Harper St. between W. 6th St. and W. 4th St., Snow Hill, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Many of the landmarks of Sofia are their works, most notably SS.
Derek John Wilson was a New Zealand architect.
He worked with lead architect Nick Derbyshire, on the £110 million reshaping of London's Liverpool Street Station in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Afanasy Grigorievich Grigoriev was a Russian Neoclassical architect, who worked in Moscow and its suburbs.
He was an architect for the Canadian Department of Public Works from 1908 to 1911, after which he had an independent practice in Ottawa until 1916.
She obtained an architectural license in Georgia in 1920.
Murrays initials, together with those of his wife, Katherine Weir, appear on the house.
His works in Odense spans residential and public buildings, bridges, roads and streets.
Compared with the conventional architecture of the day, his work showed considerable freedom and originality, and his interiors were notable for their open and flowing...space".
Stead's family had been engaged in building for several generations.
He was born on 20 November 1922 in Penticton in British Columbia.
Sir Frederick Ernest Gibberd RA was an English architect, town planner and landscape designer.
He had a son, Michael Angelo Taylor, who, as MP for Poole, became a Whig politician during the 1830s.
Gregori I. Warchavchik was a Jewish-Brazilian architect.
Menis' designs are characterized by being sustainable and adaptable, representing low cost projects combining the natural elements of the urban landscape with architecture.
Marco Goldschmied is an architect best known as co-founder and managing director of Richard Rogers Partnership.
She has designed projects across the United States and internationally.
The firm won the UK Best Practice Award at the Architects' Journal awards in 2010.
Eden Smith was born in Birmingham, England but achieved fame as a Toronto, Ontario architect belonging to the Arts and Crafts movement.
Upon completion of his service he enrolled in the architecture course at the University of Sydney.
He attended Rothesay Collegiate and later studied art and architecture in Saint John.
Josef Maria Auchentaller was an Austrian painter, draftsman, and printmaker associated with the Vienna Secession and the Art Nouveau style.
He studied architecture and engineering at the Armour Institute of Technology, in Chicago.
CEPT University focuses on understanding, designing, planning, constructing and managing human habitats.
Among his works are two National Park Service building complexes at Mt.
They include: Karsten Harries, Dan Hoffman, Steven Holl, Colin St. John Wilson and Daniel Libeskind.
Indeed, "il Piermarini" serves as an occasional euphemism for the celebrated opera house.
John Burnett Parkin was a Canadian architect.
Peter Q. Bohlin is an American architect and the winner of the 2010 Gold Medal of the American Institute of Architects.
In 1923 he proposed a plan of extension of Bilbao to the mouth of Abra, a visionary project that would result in the current metropolitan area.
In 1847 Silloway began studying under Ammi B.
He became City Architect for the town of Hilversum in 1928 where he was best known for the brick Hilversum Town Hall, completed in 1931.
He was a partner in the Terre Haute, Indiana architectural firm of Miller & Yeager and the Indianapolis, Indiana architectural firm of Vonnegut, Wright & Yeager.
Gene Leedy is an architect based in Winter Haven, Florida.
Johnson maintained a correspondence with Oud, tried to help him get work, commissioned a house for his mother, and sent him socks and bicycle tires.
In Nassau he continued his architectural practice and there he designed several churches.
In 1830 he moved to Oxford where much of his work involved designing churches or schools.
In 2001, the American Institute of Architects California Chapter presented Binder with the California "Firm of the Year" award.
He served as King's Master Mason under James VI.
Ludvig Harald Knudsen was a Historicist Danish architect.
John Wright Stanly House, 307 George St. New Bern, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Since 2015, hill is again largest in the world..
It was designed by architect Thomas Trubshaw of Little Heywood.
Leslie N. Boney Sr. was an American architect who focused on schools.
Frederick Sandham Waller was a British architect and antiquarian of Gloucester, where he was the resident architect to the Dean and Chapter of Gloucester Cathedral.
Georgi was president of the Pasadena and Foothill chapter of the AIA in 1964.
Andrews, Jaques and Rantoul was an American architectural firm founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1885 by Robert Day Andrews, Herbert Jaques and Augustus Day Rantoul.
The Campus was declared World Heritage Site by UNESCO in the year 2000.
She was a member of the Slovak team winning the Fed Cup together with Daniela Hantuchová in 2002.
810 Grand Boulevard, in the Grand Boulevard Historic District, Greenwood
Tillinghast was also the uncredited co-designer of several green complexes at Century Country Club in Purchase.
Geoffrey Wooding was a Boston architect who mainly designed mixed-income housing and college dormitories.
In 1920 Masey also designed the Empire Cinema in Willesden for Bernstein.
First prize in the competition held for Integration of Imam Reza’s Shrine and Its Surrounding Urban fabric, 1998.
Arthur Joseph Davis RA was a British architect.
Kamen Petkov was a Bulgarian architect based in Plovdiv, Bulgaria.
With his practice partner and wife Lu Wenyu, they founded the firm Amateur Architecture Studio.
Alexander Popov is an Australian architect working in the Late 20th Century Modern style.
The cemetery contains a monument to Kendall's son, attributed to Kendall senior.
During the Second World War he became one of Germany's youngest submarine commanders.
Marcio Kogan graduated from the School of Architecture and Urbanism at the University Presbyterian Mackenzie in 1976.
In 1857 he was a founding member of the American Institute of Architects.
Pointe des Corbeaux lighthouse, completed in 1950
Bay Ridge United Methodist Church, 7002 Fourth St. Brooklyn, NY, NRHP-listed
A number of its works survive and are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Joan Rubió y Bellver was a Spanish architect famous for his contributions to the Catalan Modernista movement.
Cliff May was an architect practicing in California best known and remembered for developing the suburban Post-war "dream home", and the Mid-century Modern.
It lasted until 1919, when both then established independent offices.
Lansley is a former member of British Rail's architects’ department.
Tom Green County Jail, US 67 San Angelo, TX Ruffini, Oscar
He is considered to be a pioneer in the study and application of polychrome architecture.
Frank W. Fenton House, 434 N. Evans St., McMinnville, Oregon; NRHP-listed
He was the leading residential architect in Morgantown, building in both Queen Anne Revival and Neo-Classical Revival styles.
His work still stands today in North Carolina.
Many of his paintings were kept in Amsterdam's Tropenmuseum.
The constant theme in the Polevitzky’s work was termed as an “envelope for living,” which is characteristic of the many projects throughout Igor’s career.
His known works in the British-American colonies are considered, however, to be of the highest quality and the finest examples of Palladianism of his time.
Included in the NRHP-listed Downtown Stamford Historic District,.
One or more works in Union Park Historic District, roughly bounded by Chestnut, Congress, S. 6th and W. 7th Sts.
3, 2901 N. Davidson St., Charlotte, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
He was part of the architectural firm of Wimberly Allison Tong & Goo until his death in 1995.
He also worked on five Nonconformist chapels for various Christian denominations, using a wide variety of materials and architectural styles.
The style was a response to the specific demands of the south Florida coastal climate by using innovative passive-cooling design strategies.
He studied at Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris.
Rebuilding the Arch has been linked to Euston's potential role of London terminus for the future High Speed 2 link to Birmingham and beyond.
He worked for an architectural firm in Philadelphia before becoming principal in the New York City office of Henry Hobson Richardson's architectural firm.
In 1963, he wrote the book, Toronto: No Mean City.
Harold G. Stoner was an American architect who helped define the unique architectural style of San Francisco's west of Twin Peaks district.
Randers City Hall also has elements thought to be inspired by works by Niels Eigtved.
Lamont Young may also refer to Lamont H. Young, Australian geologist.
He designed more than 30 schools and many other buildings.
Rogers Clark Ballard Memorial School, 4200 Lime Kiln Ln., Louisville, Kentucky, NRHP-listed
Her company has won international competitions in Switzerland and London.
John Plaw was an architect who was born in London but later emigrated to Prince Edward Island in Canada.
Lawrence concurrently served as campus architect for the University of Oregon and designed many campus buildings, including Knight Library and the Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art.
Maltzan was selected as a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 2007.
Terunobu Fujimori is a Japanese architect and architectural historian.
He was also responsible for the Commercial Rooms, Bristol.
His works include Federal Assembly, National Theatre new building and Komerční banka buildings in Prague.
The firm designed multiple buildings that are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
William Marcy Whidden was a founding member of Whidden & Lewis, a prominent architectural firm in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Clorindo Manuel José Testa was an Italian-Argentine architect and artist.
Washburn Public Library, built 1904, Classical Revival, corner of Washington Avenue and West 3rd Street, Washburn, Wisconsin, NRHP-listed
Alexander W. Arbuckle I House, 2 mi.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church, 413 S 2nd St. Watertown, WI, NRHP-listed
His son Franklin B. Ware served as New York State architect from 1907 to 1912.
Arkansas Bank & Trust Company, 103 Walnut St. Newport, AR, NRHP-listed
Crawford House, 2203 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA, NRHP-listed
Peoria Cordage Company, Address Restricted Peoria, IL, NRHP-listed
Tom Thumb House, Windrow Rd., Norfolk, CT, NRHP-listed
Harry Hake Sr. was a prominent American architect in Cincinnati, Ohio at the turn of the 20th century.
He moved to Bronxville, New York in 1919 and was in practice there until his death in 1934.
James H Craigie's biggest difficulty was to find a sure method of keeping the River Clyde out of the basement.
Alfred Mogensen worked on the forefront of modern school architecture and designed three public elementary schools.
José Rafael Moneo Vallés is a Spanish architect.
John B. Halcott was an American architect who worked in New York State and in North Carolina.
The site for the building was viewed as untouchable green space.
Leslie Simmons Hodgson was an architect in the Weber County, Utah, United States area from about 1906 to 1947.
Michael Maltzan is the principal architect at Michael Maltzan Architecture, a Los Angeles-based architecture firm.
Paolo Riani is an Italian architect and urban planner of award-winning projects worldwide spanning a professional career of over 40 years.
Robert Chitham is a British architect and writer.
His first architectural commission was a church in Haverhill, the town that his family was from.
In 1950, Woodward was a member of the Australian team in the British Empire Games in Auckland, competing in the 440 yards hurdles.
Alex Brown Building, 135 E. Baltimore St., Baltimore, Maryland, NRHP-listed
John Soutar died on 27 February 1951 at Fairport, Hampstead Garden Suburb.
Yung Ho Chang is a Chinese-American architect and Professor of MIT Architecture.
Uno Prii was an Estonian-born Canadian architect.
St. Patrick's Parochial Residence-Convent and School, 515-517 Park Pl.
Henry M. Francis, often known as H.M. Francis, was an architect in Massachusetts.
Despite his lack of technical expertise, Bruce became the most prominent architect of his time in Scotland.
Dallas High School Historic District, 2218 Bryan St., Dallas, TX NRHP-listed
She specialized in the design of commercial interiors including offices, banks, hotels, hospitals, stores and the design of furniture and lighting fixtures.
In 1621 he was made a burgess of Edinburgh, and later served as Deacon of the Edinburgh Masons Lodge.
Edgar Joachim Moeller was an early twentieth-century American architect who partnered with Harry Mulliken to build several apartment hotels in New York City.
He died at the age of 58 in Brussels due to leukemia caused by typhoid.
Old Courthouse, built in 1852, includes Greek Revival architecture, 1207 Caldwell St. Newberry, South Carolina, NRHP-listed
Raymond Mathewson Hood was an American architect who worked in the Art Deco style.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He was a member of the Board of Design Consultants for the construction of the United Nations headquarters together with Le Corbusier and Oscar Niemeyer.
He studied architecture at the University of Rome, completing the equivalent of a B.Arch.
Southington Public Library, 239 Main St. Southington, Connecticut; Crabtree,Walter P., NRHP-listed
Such frankness suggests a less romantic, but more realistic, future.
He was the grandson of agriculturalist Warren Winn Rawson and Helen Maria Mair.
After graduation, he worked in the studio of the famous Slovenian architect Max Fabiani.
Victorio Macho was a renowned 20th century Spanish sculptor.
His work was exclusively residences and lofts.
Wolf Wile Department Store Building, 248–250 E. Main St., Lexington, Kentucky, NRHP-listed
Dr. Patel is also Chairman of the Board of Governors of the School of Planning and Architecture, Bhopal.
Adrian Gilbert Scott was an English ecclesiastical architect.
Central Fire Station, built 1904, S. President St., Jackson, MS, NRHP-listed
Robbins Stoeckel House, Litchfield Rd., Norfolk, CT, NRHP-listed
He moved to Ogden in 1906, and partnered with Julius A. Smith from 1906 to 1910.
There is no information regarding his date or place of death.
Scott was a 1907 graduate, in mining, of the University of Utah.
Cook County Courthouse, 212 N. Hutchinson Ave. Adel, GA, NRHP-listed
Peter Exley is the co-founder of Architecture Is Fun, a Chicago-based architecture and design firm.
He contributed to many works that are listed on the National Register with attribution to USDA Forest Svce.
He was one of the exhibitors in the pioneering Constructivist exhibition 5x5=25 in 1921.
In 1981, he completed a fountain for G.J.
He is the recipient of AIA Memphis' 2017 Francis Gassner Award for outstanding contributions to the quality of the built environment in Memphis.
He was born November 13, 1858 in Nova Scotia.
In his memory, the Gerald D. Hines College of Architecture at the University of Houston created the Burdette Keeland Jr Design Exploration Center.
Although two years younger, Moeller graduated in the same class as his future partner with whom he joined around 1902.
Oboh is the first African-Canadian to be elected as President of the Alberta Chapter of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada in 2007.
He practiced as an architect in Edinburgh between 1885-1915.
During the early 1880s, he trained Robert England from Christchurch in New Zealand; England would become a prominent architect in his home town.
David Lynn was an American architect and honorary member of the American Institute of Architects.
He was one of Nevada's most prolific architects, yet is notable for entering the architectural profession with no extensive formal training.
He was the Illinois State Architect from 1905 to 1915, designing many state-funded buildings, especially at the University of Illinois.
They designed commercial, public, and residential buildings.
Johnson spent one year in the office of Frank Furness, another noted Philadelphia architect before starting his own firm.
He studied Architecture between Barcelona and the United States in the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago.
van der Meyl underscored Moojen's importance to the emergence of Modernism in the Dutch East Indies.
He fought for maintaining historical parts of Sarajevo and proposed construction of new parts of the city away from the old town.
Francis D. Lee was an American architect and inventor from Charleston, South Carolina.
One or more works in Second and Third Avenue Historic District, 1400 to 1800 blks of Second Ave.
Mihailo Čanak was a Serbian architect and researcher.
Buildings designed by the practice include Colmore Gate in Birmingham, Queensgate Market in Huddersfield and St David's Hall in Cardiff.
His most famous structure is the Bermuda Cathedral in Hamilton, Bermuda which he designed in 1885.
Ware was an early designer of fireproof warehouses.
In 1949 he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate Academician.
His accomplishments have been recognized in "Who's Who in America" and "Who's Who in the World."
Metropolitan Opera House, 515 Washington St. Iowa Falls, IA O'Meyer & Thori
David Hoadley was an American architect who worked in New Haven and Middlesex counties in Connecticut.
Tatsuno is most widely known for his work as the designer of the Bank of Japan building and the Marunouchi building of Tokyo Station.
Though managing a relatively small firm, he is the winner of the 2009 Pritzker Prize and 2013 RIBA Royal Gold Medal.
Dred and Ellen Yelverton House, 1979 NC 222 E., Fremont, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
One or more works in Academy Street Historic District, NRHP-listed
His work is considered by many to be eccentric but is characterised by his use of natural materials.
Renzo Piano, OMRI, OMCA is an Italian architect and engineer.
Alastair Lansley CBE is a British architect.
Richard Gillow was an architect and businessman from Lancaster, England.
In 1954 the firm won an American Institute of Architects merit award for the Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity House in Austin, Texas.
From 1866 he worked with his father, architect J.
He was influenced by the group's founder, Constantinos Doxiadis who led the Ekistics movement.
William Wilkinson was a British Gothic Revival architect who practised in Oxford, England.
Thomas Lumby was the father of William.
He had a high level of achievement as a wood-carver in architectural projects working through his father's workshop.
In 1949 Bates studied at the Brooklyn Museum with artist Max Beckmann.
From the beginning of his practice, he received a variety of high-profile commissions for both residential and non-residential structures, mainly in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.
He is also thought to have been the site architect during the rebuilding of Stoke Park House at Stoke Gifford.
Since 2009, Ingels has won numerous architectural competitions.
He previously has taught at the University of Virginia.
Principia Page-Park YMCA Gymnasium, 5569 Minerva Ave. St. Louis
By 1856 the factory covered 5 acres and employed 75 workers and had a turn over of goods worth £18,750 per annum.
He published his thoughts on library planning and construction, in Essentials in Library Planning with A.E.
He was in partnership with John Henry Hirst for a time and was influential in the Bristol Byzantine architectural style.
He was a member of the Drapers' Company and its master in 1821.
After he was appointed architect to the city of Bruges he became involved in the Belgian Gothic Revival movement.
Emil Praeger was an American architect and civil engineer.
One or more works in South Esplanade Historic District, roughly bounded by Arch, Olive and S. Second Sts and RR Leavenworth, Kansas, NRHP-listed
He practised partly as part of a partnership, Weber & Groves.
Nikolay Lanceray was a Russian architect, preservationist, illustrator of books and historian of neoclassical art, biographer of Charles Cameron, Vincenzo Brenna and Andreyan Zakharov.
He often combines his research activities with design commissions.
He was especially noted as an architect of schools.
He has taught as a professor at Barcelona Tech ETSAB and the University of Lleida.
Where architects are needed they’re not going.
A successor name is Frankel, Curtis & Coleman.
Commissioned by Korean Airlines, the glass-sheathed complex includes office space and a luxury hotel.
George H. Widdows was an English architect who pioneered changes to school building design to enhance the health of school children.
John Black Lee was born in Chicago in 1924.
He was a member of the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts from 1994 to 2003, and served as its chairman from 2002 to 2003.
An active Catholic layman, he was elected the first president of the St. Joseph's Society of St. Joseph's R.C.
He is also involved in the rebuilding of Queen Street during 1875–78.
The architect used nickname Kon as early as in 1584, as evidenced by his written plea to Ivan the Terrible.
William Adam was a Scottish architect, mason, and entrepreneur.
Rockingham County Courthouse, Courthouse Square Harrisonburg, Virginia, NRHP-listed
In 1908, he remodelled the interior of St Paul's Church in Oxford.
Shortly after returning to the United States, he suffered an attack of typhoid fever.
Northeast Manual Training School, 701 Lehigh St.
three buildings for the Ibero-American Exposition of 1929, Seville, Spain
Shadowwood, 6451 E. Wheatland Rd., Vincennes, IN NRHP-listed
His own country home, called the Rocks, which was started in 1882 and built over two decades
A number of its works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Some commentators, including Magnus Linklater have even questioned whether too many buildings in Edinburgh have been designed by the firm.
He worked for a few years with his father, and also with his brother, Cyrus.
In 1862 he was involved in the relocation of London's burial grounds, moving more than one thousand hundredweight of human remains.
He was responsible for many of the tallest buildings in Fort Worth, and several of his works are included on the National Register of Historic Places.
He returned to his practice at the end of the war, finally retiring in 1977.
He married doña Mara Valderrama Tobón and their children are Sergio, María Isabel, Andrés, Rodrigo and Silvia.
A previous pub with that name on that site appears on the 1852 Ordnance Survey map of York.
In 1891, Edgar Lewis Horwood designed the Britannia Nautical Club’s first clubhouse; the Club is celebrating is 125th anniversary in 2012.
Christchurch is still standing today and has a thriving congregation.
Beha's leadership is marked by work with strong historical, cultural and educational content, designing buildings which serve the public and expand the client's vision.
He worked as a draftsman for Alfred Eichberg and eventually partnered with him.
Gaastra was a major player in the Spanish Pueblo Revival architectural style in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
The church has since been moved to Troup Square, where it is now The Unitarian Universalist Church of Savannah.
The headquarters of the RNIB at 224 Great Portland Street, London
Moresque Building, New Orleans Destroyed by fire in 1897.
Professor of Architecture, Faculty of Architecture, Islamic Azad
He supervised the building of the Bryn Athyn Cathedral and his own castle-mansion of Glencairn.
In 1916, he became a member of the faculty of Boston University and in 1919, head of the Department of Art and Architecture.
He worked primarily in Moscow from 1898 until his death.
He was articled to London architect John Giles.
He nearly monopolized architecture in Davis County, and was irritated to find others' works.
Theodore W. Richards House, 15 Follen St., Cambridge, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed
William Goodale House, 214 S. Fourteenth St. Laramie, WY, NRHP-listed
Edgar achieved renown as one of the participants in the television series The Edwardian Country House, in which he portrayed the butler.
Jacob Graves was an American architect of Columbia, South Carolina.
George Thorndike House, ME 73 South Thomaston, ME, NRHP-listed
His churches include the red-brick Perpendicular Gothic Revival St John the Baptist's Church at Loxwood, West Sussex.
An archive of Stead's work is held by the Art Gallery in his home town, Huddersfield.
Charles Woolley Bage was an English architect, born in a Quaker family in Derby, Derbyshire, in the United Kingdom.
In 2001, The Vancouver Sun in a headline article, named Foad Rafii as one of the 10 architects who shaped the Vancouver of today.
Pietro Porcinai is renowned as one of the most outstanding Italian landscape architects of the twentieth century.
Memorial Chapel and Lathrop Hall at Colgate University, Hamilton, NY
He is most prominently remembered for designing residential tower blocks, some of which are now listed buildings.
He collaborated with Ferdinand Meldahl on several projects, including the completion of Marble Church in Copenhagen and Charlottenborg Exhibition Hall.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Bates was one of the region's leading architects, with his chief local competitor being the older Frederick F. Faris.
His son, Albert Randolph Ross, was a draughtsman in John W. Ross's office during 1884-7, and became a notable architect in his own right.
Little Rock Y.M.C.A., 524 Broadway St. Little Rock, AR, NRHP-listed
Sieber Grocery and Apartment Hotel, 1305-1313 N. Hudson Ave., Oklahoma City, OK, NRHP-listed
Work at St. Stephen’s in Goldsboro is verified by review of the parish’s records and by inspecting the extant building.
Richard trained as an architect in London.
He was born in 1945 in Qazvin, received his M.A.
The innovative symmetrical u-plan house still stands, although it was extended in the 18th century, and now serves as offices.
Marcello Rodríguez Pons is an Argentine architect and sailor.
As a young architect, he was influenced by Berlage, and studied under Theodor Fischer in Munich for a time.
The concepts were composed of a great variety of materials.
His father William Cumming Joass was an established architect in that town.
Henrietta Dozier was an American architect in Atlanta, Georgia and Jacksonville, Florida.
His best known books are The Environmental Memory – Man and Architecture in the Landscape of Ideas and Finnish Architecture and the Modernist Tradition.
Engine Company 12, 1626 N. Capitol St., NW, Washington, D.C., NRHP-listed
According to the May 2006 issue of Hotel Management Magazine, his firm was ranked #8 amongst the "top 70 design firms".
Liu Yichun is a Chinese architect, based in Shanghai, China.
in 1917 from Iowa State College, then served in the United States Army for two years.
James Douglas was an American architect, in Wisconsin.
He demolished the cottage and replaced it with a £1.5 million ultra-modern four bedroom house.
Lewis was born in 1853 in Boston, Massachusetts, and moved to Portland in 1881.
Myron Hubbard Hunt was an American architect whose numerous projects include many noted landmarks in Southern California.
Ralph D. Cornell was an American landscape architect from Los Angeles, California.
Other notable proposed projects include the Garden Bridge, the renovation of Pacific Place, and a plan for a biomass power station in BEI-Teesside.
Geraldine "Gerry" Knight Scott was a prominent California landscape architect and a pioneering woman in the field.
Tom Kundig is an American principal and owner of the Seattle-based firm Olson Kundig Architects.
He is a Built Environment Expert at Design Council, CABE, and is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
Jarvisburg Colored School, built 1911, 7301 NC 158, Jarvisburg, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
He was also the Executive Director of the Association of Collegiate Schools of Architecture.
Clouston was trained at the Royal Botanic Gardens in Edinburgh and at the University of Newcastle.
Thomas Penson the younger had two sons: Thomas Mainwaring Penson and Richard Kyrke Penson, both of whom were architects and both practised in Chester
Between 1918 and 1933, Oud became Municipal Housing Architect for Rotterdam.
Fisher graduated from the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London in 1971.
Alfred Bartholomew, was an English architect, editor and author.
Shchuko was also a prolific stage designer, author of 43 drama and opera stage sets.
Immaculate Conception Catholic Church and Rectory, 102 and 108 E 9th St., St. Helena, NE, NRHP-listed
Many buildings are attributed to Peter Harrison, but there are only a few that are solidly documented as being his creations.
He continued to undertake architectural work, including Lancaster's Custom House of 1764.
Edgemere Street Bridge, Edgemere St., at Lake No.
The group Preserve LA has described Casler as "perhaps the only woman involved in heavy construction in Los Angeles at the time."
At the time he was Chamberlain to the King Christian IX of Denmark and Vice President of the Danish Royal Academy of Arts.
His style was the Neoclassical Louis Seize style and he drew on inspiration from the Italian Renaissance.
Before opening his own practice, he worked for the Woonsocket Machine and Press Co.
Eno Memorial Hall, 754 Hopmeadow St., Simsbury, Connecticut, designed by Roy D. Bassette
A number of the many hundreds of buildings that he is credited with designing are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
East Stroudsburg Armory, 271 Washington St. East Stroudsburg, PA, NRHP-listed
Among his most significant work was his own Palladian mansion at Kinross, built on the Loch Leven estate which he had purchased in 1675.
Born in Paris, he was a major Gothic Revival architect.
Hobart Upjohn was an American architect, best known for designing a number of ecclesiastical and educational structures in New York and in North Carolina.
Findlay died in January 2014, suffering from a brain tumour.
Among other works, he designed the Art Deco Hot Springs Medical Arts Building, which was the tallest building in Arkansas from 1930 to 1958.
Nevertheless, her admission was opposed by a minority of members.
Wilmarth School, 913 3rd Avenue West, Ashland, NRHP-listed
He practiced until his unexpected death at the age of 35 in 1905.
Michel Rojkind is the founding partner of Rojkind Arquitectos and according to Forbes Life  a representative of a Mexican generation of architects transforming the country.
Frederick H. Cossitt Memorial Hall, 906 N. Cascade Ave., Colorado Springs, Colorado, NRHP-listed
Johnson and Cook collaborated on at least two other buildings.
Mulliken appears as a Lead Architect in 1900, designing properties under his name alone.
The principal architects until its completion in 1866 were Thomas Fuller and Charles Baillairge.
He achieved early and conspicuous success as a student, winning the British Prix de Rome in Architecture in 1926.
He collaborated with Sarah Price and Chris Smith on the editing of the award-winning documentary American Movie.
Concertus Design and Property Consultants biggest work is building/designing schools for the council as well as adding extensions to existing buildings like at Kesgrave High School.
Land Bank Building,, 15 W. 10th St. Kansas City, MO, NRHP-listed
Moojen became widely known for his work on the Dutch entry at the Paris Colonial Exposition in 1931.
A number of works by either or both Curletts, and by Curlett & Beelman, are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Pineville Courthouse Square Historic District, Along Kentucky, Pine, Virginia, and Walnut Sts., Pineville, KY NRHP-listed
James Craig was a Scottish architect who worked mostly in lowlands of the country and especially his native city of Edinburgh.
Young Men's Institute Building, Market and Eagle Sts., Asheville, N.C.,, NRHP-listed
Lanceray was associated with Mir Iskusstva art circle and was a proponent of Russian neoclassical revival school.
Mashburn stepped down from his post at Hines in December 2009 and was replaced by Patricia Oliver.
In 1851 Thielemann replaced Michael Gottlieb Bindesbøll as royal building inspector of Jutland and Fuenen.
He also was a founder of the Mendelsohn Glee Club.
He started an independent practice in Manchester in the late 1860s and in 1869 had an office in the Royal Insurance Buildings in King Street.
He was a prolific architect whose designs dominated the cityscape of Columbus, Ohio at the middle of the 19th century.
In 2005, Fahmy won the Bibliotheca Alexandrina Young Architect Award.
William Robert Allen was an early 20th-century architect in Utah.
His father was a stonemason who joined a construction and supply business, Pauly and Dielmann.
Masonic Temple, 265 W. Main St. New Britain, Connecticut, NRHP-listed
Charles H. Bigelow of Lowell, Massachusetts was a 19th-century architect.
He worked from approximately 1903 to 1928.
Claude Perrault was a French architect, best known for his participation in the design of the east façade of the Louvre in Paris.
Sioux City Municipal Auditorium, designed by architects James W. Martin and Oscar Cobb in Romanesque Revival style
David M. Schwarz is an American architect and designer.
His most influential design appears to have been the church in Templeton, Massachusetts, which inspired the design of at least two others.
Cicero Francis Lowe House, 204 Cascade Ave. Winston-Salem, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Mary Otis Stevens is an American architect in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
He had several collaborative projects with Aldo van Eyck.
In Chicago, he worked for D. H. Burnham & Company and Horatio R. Wilson.
He worked in partnership with Edwin Dolby in 1877–78.
He built a number of palaces in European style within the city of Seoul.
He is a founding partner of Gehl Architects.
He founded the architectural firm Richard Foster Associates.
The new Ouse Bridge over the River Ouse, begun in 1810, finished in 1820.
Thomas Garner was one of the leading English Gothic revival architects of the Victorian era.
Marston, Van Pelt, & Maybury and associated partnership names were architects in Pasadena, California.
The City Hall takes up an entire city block, consisting mostly of several buildings built in the neo-classical style, including buildings designed by C.L.
South Junior High School, 444 Granite St. Quincy, MA, NRHP-listed
Luigi Broggi was an Italian architect, Brera Academy alumnus and pupil of Camillo Boito, and later himself a professor at the Academy.
He is in professional practice as a partner in Law & Dunbar-Nasmith, architects, Edinburgh, and Hilger, Law & Dunbar-Nasmith, architects, Wiesbaden.
Mantle Fielding was an American architect and biographical compiler.
He established the Kunstkring for both Bandung and Batavia.
Among their children was Charles Neilson, who attained the rank of General and became Assistant Postmaster General of the United States.
Isaac Rapp died in 1933 at his home in Trinidad, Colorado.
After working and training in Bolton and Manchester, Holden moved to London.
He is a sought-after keynote speaker at design and architecture conferences and events around the world on the subjects of urbanism, liveable cities and bicycle history.
Curtis Cross House, 1635 Fairmount Ave., S. Salem, OR, NRHP-listed
She is principal of Karen Bausman + Associates, an architecture firm located in New York City.
Rubush & Hunter was an architectural firm in Indianapolis, Indiana in the United States.
From 1936 to 1940 he worked in Latvian Chamber of Crafts.
Clifton Brady was a Seattle architect and one of the founders of the architectural firm NBBJ.
The department was very productive during this period, producing many publications to aid in navigation, especially marine charts.
1884 Houston Cotton Exchange Building, 202 Travis St. Houston, TX, NRHP-listed
William Edward Trent was a British architect.
He partnered with Alfred H. Smith in the firm Jacobberger and Smith.
Cleo Baldon was an American architect, landscape architect, and furniture designer based in Los Angeles, where she contributed to many well-known structures, especially pools.
It is the first Roman Catholic Cathedral constructed in the United States.
He also competed in the art competitions at the 1948 Summer Olympics, where he received an honorable mention.
Together, they rebuilt the City of Paris department store in 1909.
He is best remembered as the designer of the İzmir Clock Tower, the landmark of İzmir situated in the city's Konak Square.
St. Michael Catholic Church Complex, U.S. 705 east of U.S. 66 Fort Loramie, Ohio, NRHP-listed
Conix Architects designed a renovation and expansion for the Atomium in Belgium, a structure originally built for the 1958 World's Fair in Brussels.
Bury was made a Fellow of the RIBA in 1843 and was elected vice-president in 1876.
He also taught architecture at the college where he graduated, and helped found the Philippine Institute of Architects in 1938.
Arthur Rotch was an American architect active in Boston, Massachusetts.
Palladio, influenced by Roman and Greek architecture, primarily by Vitruvius, is widely considered to be the most influential individual in the history of architecture.
Carnegie Free Public Library, built 1903, 235 W. 10th St., Sioux Falls, SD, NRHP-listed
Then, Mulliken and Edgar J. Moeller created the partnership for which each is better known, Mulliken & Moeller, in 1902.
Steensland Library-St. Olaf College, Off St. Olaf Ave. Northfield, MN, NRHP-listed
He became the 30th Kentucky registered architect in 1930 and was later president of the Kentucky Chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
He died April 13, 2016, of natural causes at the age of 91.
John Berry Clacy was a Victorian architect whose practice was centred on Berkshire, England.
Koolhaas is the founding partner of OMA, and of its research-oriented counterpart AMO based in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.
Rainbow Arch Bridge at Valley City, North Dakota,
Professor of Architecture, Faculty of Architecture, Islamic Azad
His mother died when he was seven years old.
Myrick-Yeates-Vaughan House, 327 W. Main St., Murfreesboro, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Ethel Charles and her sister Bessie Ada Charles were born in Calcutta, Bengal, India to Thomas Edmonton Charles and Ada Henrietta Charles.
By then, he had mostly let go of any Stijl influences.
He designed the Grand Opera House in Macon, Georgia, eight Georgia county courthouses, and other buildings.
In 2007, Meis was elevated to the College of the Fellows of the American Institute of Architects.
Brown Hall, New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology, Socorro, New Mexico, NRHP-listed
Ludvig Petersen died 10 April 1935 and is buried at Holmens Cemetery in Copenhagen.
David Mackay was a British architect and partner in MBM, an architecture firm based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
Johan Daniel Herholdt was a Danish architect, professor and royal building inspector.
Francine Marie Jeanne Houben is a Dutch architect.
Graciela Silvestri is an Argentine architect, Professor of Architectural Theory and a senior researcher at the National Scientific and Technical Research Council in Argentina.
Levi McIntire House, 710 E. Armour Blvd.
Vyacheslav Konstantinovich Oltarzhevsky was a Russian Soviet architect.
He is known for his numerous designs of county courthouses, and for the banks, commercial buildings, and fine homes he designed in Central Texas and Mexico.
James Thompson House, 1400 Walmut Land, Anchorage, Kentucky, NRHP-listed
Michel Abboud studied at Columbia University Graduate School of Architecture and Planning.
Their offices were at 28 Corn Street, Bristol.
Hermann Gustav Louis Ende was a German architect noted for his work in Germany, Japan and elsewhere.
Allan Murray Architects are an Edinburgh, Scotland based practice of award winning Architects and Urbanists.
Robert von Ezdorf was an American architect and composer.
In 1965, he became Director of Education for the American Institute of Architects.
All his indisputable tangible works "can be encompassed in a day's tour"; Cameron concentrated exclusively on country palaces and landscape gardens.
Japonica Hall, S. Main St., Society Hill, South Carolina
Hare was President of the Architectural Society in 1902 and president of the Royal Institute of British Architects 1917–19.
He was also involved in politics, as a partisan in World War II, later as mayor of Belgrade.
He also studied at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris.
In August 1869, he moved to St. Charles, Missouri.
Bazhenov and his associates Matvey Kazakov and Ivan Starov were the leading local architects of the Russian Enlightenment, a period dominated by foreign architects.
Glenn Curtiss House, 500 Deer Run, Miami Springs, FL, NRHP-listed
John George Knight, was an architect and Administrator of the Northern Territory, Australia.
He is an active member of the American Institute of Architects and a member of the National Council of Architectural Registration Boards.
She has served on juries for design awards and chaired the 1999 American Institute of Architects Committee on Design.
Most of his architectural works were created concurrently during Paul's brief reign.
Farrand was one of the founding eleven members, and the only woman, of the American Society of Landscape Architects.
His buildings incorporated Arts and Crafts motifs into the prevalent rustic style of the National Park Service.
Vladimir Antonov is a Russian architect who worked for most of his career in Kumanovo, Macedonia in the beginning of the 20th century.
Lewis Cubitt was amongst those who worked at the practice before setting up on his own.
Roger Stephenson OBE is an English architect and is the Managing Partner of stephenson STUDIO in Manchester, England.
He designed the Dallas National Bank Building and a number of buildings for the University of Texas at Austin.
Whitaker was one of four architects who designed The Sea Ranch.
He also worked as part of Bell, Tyrie and Chapman.
Tonkawa Armory, Third and North Sts., Tonkawa, OK NRHP-listed
He obtained a Master of Architecture from Cornell University in 1980.
Iversen, was a Danish architect active in Malaysia, and the founder of Iversen, van Sitteren & Partners.
Redfern practiced from Porchester Gardens, London, and later resided at St Dunstan's Gdns, Ealing.
One or more works in South Eighth Street Historic District, Roughly bounded by 8th, 9th, Miller, and Broad Sts., Boise, ID, NRHP-listed
Elinor Mead Howells was an American artist, architect and aristocrat.
Churchill Public School, 510 W. 29th St. Cheyenne, WY, NRHP-listed
Oscar Wenderoth was an American architect who served as director of the Office of the Supervising Architect from 1912 to 1915.
Giurgola was born in Rome, Italy in 1920.
Günter Behnisch was a German architect, born in Lockwitz, near Dresden.
William Talman was an English architect and landscape designer.
He formed a partnership with another celebrated architect, John A. Pearson in 1890 and with Frank Darling in 1893.
Richard Joseph Neutra was an Austrian-American architect.
He was born at Witney, Oxfordshire in 1814.
Youngerman Block, 206-208 4th St., Des Moines, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Joseph Connolly was an Irish Canadian architect, born in Limerick, Ireland.
In 2008, the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat presented him with The Lynn S. Beedle Lifetime Achievement Award.
In 1829, he prepared the design for the original Osgoode Hall; some remodelling and additions occurred later.
58, 321 N. Linwood St. Indianapolis, IN, NRHP-listed
Carol Ross Barney, FAIA is a Chicago architect, principal designer at Ross Barney Architects.
These include, for example, the Peter Hansen House, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Hughes County, South Dakota.
The building, erected in 1914, prominently faces the New Haven Green.
He was president of the RIBA from 1975 to 1977.
The house was designed by and for Dimitri Vedensky in 1972.
While working in Joliet, he also designed Sioux City Central High School, Lincoln School, and the original San Diego High School.
David S. Castle was an architect in Texas.
Across the Open Field, is both a memoir and series of essays on the evolution of the English landscape.
Sir Frank Baines, KCVO, CBE, FRIBA was the architect heading Her Majesty's Office of Works.
In different documents his name is spelled Carl Benesch, Carol Benisch, Carl Benisch, Carol Beneș, Carl Beneș, Carol Beniș, Carl Beniș.
John Yenn RA was a notable 18th-century English architect.
English Evangelical Church of the Reformation and Parish House, 111 N. Chestnut St. Rochester, NY, NRHP-listed
He described this approach in his 2006 book The Performance Economy, with a second enlarged edition in 2010 which contains 300 examples and case studies.
The firm included partners, Samuel Tilden Norton and Frederick H. Wallis.
He is best known as the architect of Holy Trinity Lutheran Church and Messiah Evangelical Lutheran Church
He served in the Army of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War.
His most well-known work is the Mount Washington Hotel in Bretton Woods, New Hampshire, designed for Joseph Stickney.
The new firm designed the Credit Lyonnais Tower in Lyon, France and the Tower at Cityplace in Dallas, Texas, among other commissions.
Alfred Edward Barnes was an architect from Kansas City, Missouri.
Hammon was a graduate of DuPont Manual High School in Louisville where he studied art and architectural drafting.
One or more works in Downtown Cheyenne Historic District, Roughly bounded by 15th and 16th Sts., Central and Pioneer Aves.
Ransome W. Dunning Residence 99 Acacia Ave., Ottawa
Arthur Hall had a strict eye for perfection and only expected the highest of standards from his sons and daughters.
He was married three times, and had four children with his second wife.
He designs futuristic-like ecodistrict projects which take account of several aspects of sustainability.
Stylistically he mainly worked in functionalist and neoclassical styles.
He did some work on domestic properties, and also designed memorial crosses.
They include: Austin County, Brazoria County, Coke County, Coleman County, Comanche, County, Kent County, Motley County, and Yoakum County.
“Gifford is proof that American Modernism wasn't a single austere style after all; it gave a public voice to a surprising range of communities and ideas.”
In December 1913, Earle died at Memorial Hospital in Worcester after becoming ill with pneumonia.
At the end of the conflict he joined the Imperial War Graves Commission as an assistant architect.
John Norton was an English architect who designed country houses, churches and a number of commercial buildings.
On the other hand, she is also credited with building the tallest stainless steel structure in India.
Bay Isle Commercial Building, 238 E. Davis Blvd., Tampa, FL, NRHP-listed
In his search for design features that reflect the individual philosophy, structure and art of each building, Konstantinovski designed more than 450 architectural and urban projects.
The structure is an example of Renaissance Revival style and incorporates architectural terracotta details.
After studying at the Columbia University in New York he settled in 1914 in Miami.
Peter DeMaria is an American architect and artist known for his non-conventional use of materials and construction/fabrication methodologies.
In 1951, he was invited to design a pavilion for the Festival of Britain.
He moved to the United States in 1845 and settled in Pittsburgh.
In 2006 he started his own architecture firm, Bjarke Ingels Group, which grew to a staff of 400 by 2015.
Evans, Moore, and Woodbridge was an American architectural firm in early to mid-twentieth-century New York City.
He is responsible for several distinctive and controversial modernist buildings which are usually distinguished by their use of bright colours and unusual avant-garde forms.
Henry Killam Murphy was an American architect noted for his design of educational establishments in the North-East of the United States, China and Japan.
Jackson County Courthouse, Main St., Sylva, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
In this case, the name Tecton came from architecton, the Greek word for architecture.
The museum is described in the Oxford Dictionary of Architecture as "one of the most complex, intricate, and ingenious series of interiors ever conceived".
According to Alexander, Rand's descriptions of the Heller House are thinly disguised references to the house.
She worked on a wide range of buildings in the region, ranging from residential to commercial.
Michael Drury was an English architect working in Lincoln.
He became a full partner in 1922.
Kromer Flats, 1433—1439 6th Ave. Des Moines, IA, NRHP-listed
Toma T. Socolescu, was an important Romanian architect.
Alexander continued to practice architecture and interior design and by 1950 had moved permanently to West Hollywood.
She moved to London in 1948 and from then on worked mostly with H. T. Cadbury-Brown, her husband and professional partner.
One or more works in Northern Montana State Fairground Historic District, 3rd St., NW Great Falls, MT, NRHP-listed
Paul Chemetov is a French architect and urbanist.
Cabin Creek Ranger Residence and Dormitory, Generals Highway in Sequoia National Park, southeast of Wilsonia, California, NRHP-listed
Renville County Courthouse and Jail, 500 E. DePue Ave. Olivia, MN, NRHP-listed
William H. Allen was an American architect who worked in New Haven, Connecticut.
Teresa Coady is a Canadian architect and the former president and founding partner of the Vancouver, British Columbia-based architecture firm B+H BuntingCoady.
He was a professor until 1897, when he became Professor Emeritus, and served in that position until his death.
Highland Park Presbyterian Church #1,, Highland Park neighborhood, Los Angeles, CA
Peyser and Morrison Shirt Company Building, 211-217 Warren St. Glens Falls, NY, NRHP-listed
He was the founder of the department of landscape architecture at the University of Pennsylvania in the United States.
His most famous work is the Yale Art and Architecture Building, a spatially complex brutalist concrete structure.
In 1861, Sears opened an architectural studio with Charles Amos Cummings.
His home designs are recognized as excellent examples of Prairie style architecture and several are listed as local landmarks.
He also designed the Grade II* listed Granada Cinema, Woolwich and the Granada Theatre, Clapham Junction, both built in 1937.
Deborah Berke is an American architect and academic.
In 2005 he became a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Several of his other largest commissions, including the Pullman Office Building, Pabst Building, and Grand Central Station in Chicago, have since been demolished.
Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach was an Austrian architect, sculptor, and architectural historian whose Baroque architecture profoundly influenced and shaped the tastes of the Habsburg Empire.
Mr. Pesce was born in La Spezia in 1939, and he grew up in Padua and Florence.
Mary Elizabeth Jane Colter was an American architect and designer.
Lavishly landscaped communal gardens were also a common feature of Lyons' designs.
He is well known for his bank designs and specifically his design of the Delaware and Hudson Railroad Company Building in downtown Albany.
First State Bank and Trust Building, 100 W. Twenty-fifth, Bryan, TX NRHP-listed
Thomas Francis Ord Rippingham worked on many projects and designs which have become part of the Northern Irish landscape.
James Paty the Younger was an English mason, builder and architect.
Edgar T. Pierce House, 1610 Fir St., S Salem, OR, NRHP-listed
Institute of World Culture, 1407 Chapala St., Santa Barbara, CA
His designs were considered to be part of the 'Atomic Age' design at the time and are now icons of this design period.
Pugin & Pugin was a London-based family firm of church architects, founded in the Westminster office of Augustus Welby Northmore Pugin.
After a brief stint in the fine arts program at the State Teacher’s College, McDonald decided to pursue his interest in architecture at Yale University.
of Gurleyville and Chaffeeville Rds., Mansfield Center, Connecticut,
One or more buildings in Biltmore Village Cottage District, Swan St., All Souls Crescent and Boston Way, Asheville, N.C.,, NRHP-listed
Numerous shows in Vermont and New York punctuated his career until his death in 1978.
His work includes residential, retail, commercial, institutional and urban design projects.
Upton studied history and English as an undergraduate at Colgate University.
Evans was director of Aprovecho's Fava Bean Project, in Cottage Grove, Oregon, where he worked to adapt fava beans to American climates.
Prince Dmitry Vasilyevich Ukhtomsky, Дмитрий Васильевич Ухтомский was the chief architect of Moscow, Russia during the reign of Empress Elizabeth.
A Second Empire design for the Wake County, North Carolina courthouse
His posthumous publication, A Memorial Volume of Poems, continues to be reprinted in the 21st century.
Skovvangskolen from 1933–37, Møllevangskolen from 1945–51 and Vorrevangskolen from 1953-60.
He helped plan the Trafford Park industrial estate, working for British Westinghouse and the Ford Motor Company.
A landscape architect, born July 4, 1927, Satoru Nishita was one of the partners of the architectural firm Lawrence Halprin & Associates, based in San Francisco.
One or more works in Palmer Memorial Institute Historic District, Along US 70 W of jct.
They are also included in the Danish Design Museum database for historic Danish Design and all of their designs are listed in the museum online library.
He is considered the greatest architect of the classical period of Ottoman architecture and has been compared to Michelangelo, his contemporary in the West.
Thomas Gildard and John Thomas Rochead were trained by him.
He won the Herder Prize in 1975 along with Romanian poet Nichita Stănescu.
Hall, where he remained until 1871, when he opened his own office.
Mott B. Schmidt was an American architect best known for his buildings in the American Georgian Classical style.
His style is sufficiently individual to exonerate him from the imputation of being merely an imitator...
Old Ohio Union, 154 W. 12th Ave., Columbus, Ohio, NRHP-listed
Lyle E. Bennett was an architect with the National Park Service.
He was a member of the Institution of Engineers.
In 2012 he won the first prize for a secondary school in Berlingo.
Many of Bartholomew's works are contributing properties to the Greensburg Downtown Historic District and the Academy Hill Historic District.
His homes were —and continue to be—popular with celebrities.
From 1862, he formed his own office, forming a partnership with Henry Fuller in 1868.
Robert van 't Hoff, born Robbert van 't Hoff, was a Dutch architect and furniture designer.
William J. Brinkmann, sometimes spelled Brinkman, was an architect most well known for his work designing Chicago area churches.
She is known for projects that include the Toronto Dominion Square, in Calgary, Alberta and Denver Square in Denver, Colorado.
Salling-Mortensen created some of the landmark structures in Aarhus such as Handelsbankens Hus, Børglum Kollegiet and the former Main City Library in Mølleparken.
Mouzhan Majidi is a British-Iranian architect and was Chief Executive of Foster and Partners between 2007 and 2014.
He studied architecture at Lafayette college and, upon graduation, entered the office of A.B.
He influenced the development of Western architecture, both in Europe and in North America.
The son of Jean Baillairgé, François began an apprenticeship in his father's shop at the age of 14.
St. James' Episcopal Mission Church, Reynolds St., Dubois, ID, NRHP-listed
In the early 1930s, he was also the assistant park architect at Crater Lake National Park.
John George Howard, born John Corby, was the City of Toronto, Canada's official surveyor and civil engineer.
He was described by Sir John Summerson as "among the few really outstanding architects of the century", but few of his buildings remain.
He led the modernist transformation of New York's Fire Island, in a career that produced seventy homes across Fire Island and thirty more further afield.
Merrill Elam is an American architect and educator based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Stephen Geary was a British architect and entrepreneur.
Edith Harrison Henderson was an American landscape architect who practiced largely in the American South.
Most of his known commissions were houses, in many cases for Church of England clergy.
He later married fellow architect Benedetta Tagliabue, and the two practiced together as EMBT Architects.
Richard Gailey, Sr. was an Irish-born Australian architect.
He criticized another's work as a "It has a Queen Anne front and a jackass behind".
He was architect to the London Fire Brigade, for whom he designed several notable fire stations, seven of which are Grade II listed buildings.
Bernard Rudofsky was a Moravian-born American writer, architect, collector, teacher, designer, and social historian.
Owen Jones was an English-born Welsh architect.
Walter Richmond Butler, was an Australian architect trained in the Arts and Crafts style, born in Somerset, England.
Charles F. Lembke was an American architect and contractor who was prominent in Valparaiso, Indiana.
The first English language monograph on his work, Imre Makovecz: The Wings of the Soul, by Edwin Heathcote, was published in 1997.
Queens Valley School, built 1948, 138-01 77 Avenue, Queens, New York
He is noted especially as a C-suite design executive and as a lighting designer of public and commercial projects all over the world.
He is the winner of RIBA Award 2007, Best Building Award 2011&2012 and European Property Award 2013.
He designed Spike Lee's home and was the architectural consultant for Lee's film Jungle Fever.
Witcover went on to design Savannah, Georgia's city hall building, Germania Bank, Hicks Hotel, Scottish Rite Temple, Liberty Bank and Trust and Bnai Brith Jacob synagogue.
Calvary Episcopal Church and Parish House,, Gothic Revival, 102 N. 2nd St. Memphis, TN, NRHP-listed
One or more works in North Jefferson Street Historic District, Roughly bounded by W. Park Dr. and College, Madison, Collins, Oak, Stephen, and Buchanan Sts.
Shuttleworth studied architecture at the Leicester School of Architecture, De Montfort University, where his fluid draftsmanship earned him the nickname "Ken the Pen".
The firm's principal engineer was James Barney Marsh, an engineer and bridge designer born in North Lake, Wisconsin.
He was well known in Virginia for his residential, commercial and institutional designs.
Philtower Building, 5th and Boston, Tulsa, Oklahoma, NRHP-listed
His first major project was an adaptive reuse of a Portland warehouse for the advertising agency Wieden+Kennedy.
Jonathan Mark Falkingham MBE is a British architect and property developer, co-founder of urban renewal property development company Urban Splash.
Alexander Francis Dunlop, was a Canadian architect from Montreal, Quebec.
In the 1930s, he interned with Lúcio Costa, with the pair collaborating on the design for the Palácio Gustavo Capanema in Rio de Janeiro.
He returned to the east in the early 1880s and worked for the Chief Engineer of the New York & New England Railroad.
He was the most important architect in Richmond during the booming decade prior to the American Civil War.
Alongside his professional career, he also served as a soldier and politician.
He lived in the Beaux Arts Apartments, which he designed, at 310 E. 44th St.
Milton Armory, 133 Ridge Ave., Milton, Pennsylvania, NRHP-listed
Park Region Luther College, 715 W. Vernon Ave. Fergus Falls, MN, NRHP-listed
He has exhibited internationally as an artist as well as architect and is widely published, including the monograph Yung Ho Chang/Atelier Feichang Jianzhu: A Chinese Practice.
Born in Edmonton, Dub is a first generation Ukrainian-Canadian.
He left his homeland a year before the Islamic revolution as an exile for life and was granted French citizenship.
In 1907, Miller partnered with Raymond J. Mayo, and shortly after, moved the practice to Portland, Maine.
Much of his architecture reflected an Art-Deco style, however a few of his projects were done in the Italian Renaissance and Moderne styles as well.
over the Keya Paha River, Wewela, SD, NRHP-listed
Domènec Sugrañes i Gras was a Catalan modernist architect and disciple of Antoni Gaudí.
Bain was born in New Westminster, British Columbia.
Robert Raymond Woodward AM was an Australian architect who gained widespread recognition for his innovative fountain designs.
He married Margaret Scott—a teacher who attended Rice University and The University of Texas.
He is also series co-editor of the Design Research in Architecture book series published by Ashgate.
We must be trained slowly to things violently new.
On 21 April 2003, she peaked at world number 3 in the doubles rankings.
A number of Maki's works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Ivan Vasilyov was a Bulgarian architect, born in 1893, deceased in 1979.
Lembke was born to German immigrants Christian Lembke and Caroline Nuppnau Lembke.
Drago Ibler was a Croatian architect and pedagogue.
FAIA, is a Mexican architect and principal of the design firm TEN Arquitectos.
He designed buildings at two sites which are now National Historic Landmarks:
Anders Jönsson was born in the parish of Ovansjö in the county of Gávleborg, Sweden.
Gibson overcame many obstacles to become successful and was generous in offering advice and helping younger architects achieve similar success.
This was the first shelter program funded by the Government of India for the economically weaker section of society.
39.9 Glenn Hwy., across from State Fairground, Palmer, Alaska, NRHP-listed
He has built a selected number of very precise buildings and has received many awards.
One of the latter, the Dr. Walter Black House, is listed on the NRHP.
He was a founding member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts.
He taught at the USC School of Architecture from 1964 until his death in 2004.
He is best known as the architect of The German Evangelical Lutheran Church of St. Matthew, 145th Street and Convent Ave
He was the first to use "brainstorm siding," wavy-edged cladding, in place of clapboard, at several camps, including White Pine Camp on Osgood Pond in 1907.
George E. Hallett and Harry Rawson were partners.
Born in Garryvacum in County Laois, Ireland, Kivas Tully was the son of John P. Tully, a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, and Alicia Willington.
For Bindesbøll, changing styles was the prelude to amusement and he juggled freely with older models.
Omid Kamvari is a British-Iranian architect, researcher, and educator.
He studied modern architecture under Walter Gropius and Marcel Breuer at the Harvard Graduate School of Design.
Elmer Grey, FAIA was an American architect and artist based in Pasadena, California.
He was probably also the architect of Blackhill, the home of Birmingham Repertory Theatre founder Barry Jackson in the Malvern Hills.
James Davidson, JP FRIBA was a Scottish architect.
He founded John O’Malley & Associates, which designed approximately twenty churches, thirty schools, and thirty other buildings for the Catholic Church.
The Lost Objects of the Architectural Heritage in Ukraine, Kiev, 2002;
Alexander "Greek" Thomson was an eminent Scottish architect and architectural theorist who was a pioneer in sustainable building.
He is buried in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Charles Emmett Cassell was a Baltimore, Maryland-based architect.
Henry Underwood was an architect, initially working in Cheltenham, who later moved to Bath.
Teague leaves a remaining legacy of paintings and drawings that have essentially not seen the light of day since his death.
The partnership undertook the Royal Insurance office in Piccadilly, London in 1907-09.
They had three girls and a boy.
Born in Westfield, Massachusetts, he was a son of architect John W. Ross.
Chapel of St. Mary the Virgin, 2 mi.
Eusebi is the founding partner of NOTHING STUDIO, atelier of architecture, planning, interior design, design and graphics.
He was a partner in the firm Maynicke & Franke, whose offices were at 25 Madison Square South in New York City.
He also had been ahead of his times in his request to discuss the reconstruction in public.
Thomas Eddy Tallmadge was an American architect, best known for his Prairie School works with Vernon S. Watson as Tallmadge & Watson.
His works also include the 1930 Art Deco-style showroom and administrative buildings of the Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Facility.
Edwin Dolby was an English Victorian architect who practised in Abingdon.
George Bertram Carter was an English architect.
6d., and is praised for giving greenhouse examples that could be reproduced "by any ingenious workman".
Frank married Catherine Francis Riddett of Ryde at St Helens Church Isle of Wight on 4 February 1868.
He followed this with works to Winton House, near Pencaitland, for George Seton, 3rd Earl of Winton, which he undertook from 1620 to 1627.
He won the prix de Rome and designed several public buildings in France, particularly in Paris.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He died on 7 May 1954 in Montreal.
Hugo Georg Licht – 28 February 1923 in Leipzig, Germany) was a German architect.
He died in 1945, at Morgantown, West Virginia.
After graduating from Washington High School in 1918 he attended the University of Oregon's School of Architecture, in Eugene, graduating in 1923.
Other works might be included in one or more NRHP-listed historic districts in New Haven.
Together with her husband David Medd, she joined a team of architects commissioned to build schools in Hertfordshire after the Second World War.
In 1857 he established an independent architectural practice in Liverpool.
Tomlinson was based at the University of Cambridge School of Architecture.
He was a laureate of the Prix de Rome in 1862.
Robert Byrd was an architect in Los Angeles, California.
Henry Langley was a Canadian architect based in Toronto.
He adopted the middle name "Buonarotti" in around 1815.
Nathaniel Cannon Smith, best known during his lifetime as Nat.
His work is considered an exemplar of a particular contemporary South-East Queensland "style".
George W. Childs School, 1501 S. 17th St., Philadelphia PA
He was then commissioned in 1610–1613 by Dorothy Wadham, a Somerset resident, to design and oversee the building of Wadham College, Oxford.
Russian organized crime or Russian mafia, sometimes referred to as Bratva, is a collective of various organized crime elements originating in the former Soviet Union.
In 1935 Sundeleaf designed a Tudor style English cottage for the University of Oregon chapter of Chi Psi in Eugene, Oregon.
320 South Boston Building, 320 South Boston, Tulsa, Oklahoma
The partnership was located in downtown Grand Forks, North Dakota.
Wilbur David Cook, or Wilbur D. Cook, Jr., was an American landscape architect and urban planner from Atlanta.
He was responsible for the construction of more than 300 major structures and other more modest projects, such as schools.
Alfred Caldwell was an American architect best known for his landscape architecture in and around Chicago, Illinois.
Upon her death Fenway Court became the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.
He was born in London on 7 December 1926 and educated at Downside School and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Twelve of his buildings throughout Southern California are listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and many others are designated as historic by local governments.
There are no known pictures of the Samwell house.
Wojciech Grzegorz Leśnikowski, was a Polish–American architect, writer and educator.
He entered Istanbul Technical University in 1926.
Architectural historian Richard Guy Wilson has lectured on Hammon's work at the Filson Historical Society.
Chicago & North Western Station, Ravenswood, Illinois
The money was initially invested and interest left to accrue to cover building costs.
He served as treasurer of the Architectural League of America at its fifth annual convention.
He is best known for his inventive structures that incorporated a range of atypical building materials to provide shelter in the developing world and emergency contexts.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
His designs made use of Art Deco and Art Moderne, which was popular during the time.
Rockwell House, Laurel Way, W., Norfolk, CT, NRHP-listed
Eric Lyons was a British designer and architect.
John W. Gaddis was a noted architect of Vincennes, Indiana.
Walter Green Penty was an architect working in York, England, and the father of Arthur Penty and Frederick Thomas Penty, both architects.
Robert Adam was a leader of the first phase of the classical revival in England and Scotland from around 1760 until his death.
Adams & Woodbridge estimated in 1953 that their firm and its predecessors had been responsible for “about 100 residences and alterations.”
Phillips High School, 300 Cherry St. Phillips, Wisconsin, NRHP-listed
He designed numerous buildings that are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
John Francis Bentley was a student of Clutton.
Davis studied at the École des Beaux-Arts, Paris in the 1890s.
He died on 1994 at the age of 80 in Lima, Peru.
He is known for the churches he designed throughout Ontario, mainly for the Irish Roman Catholic community, though he also produced some industrial and residential buildings.
He was the Diocesan Surveyor for Lincolnshire between 1871 and 1886, and was for five times the mayor of Louth.
He is the author of Peter Rose: Houses, published by Princeton Architectural Press.
As an architect Wittek worked in Bosnia and Herzegovina during Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Carl Koch was a noted American architect.
The partnership was dissolved in 1994 when he established Stufish, the Mark Fisher Studio.
The style of his architecture covers the transition in architecture from so-called Nordic Classicism of the 1920s to Functionalism during the 1930s.
Her design work on buildings in the Dublin area has been qualified as "thoughtful and inspired."
Among his most important works are the Royal Theatre of São Carlos in Lisbon and the Military Hospital near Torres Vedras.
Wright wrote 20 books and many articles and was a popular lecturer in the United States and in Europe.
Walter was one of the founders and second president of the American Institute of Architects.
A prize of 300 guineas was awarded.
Hillside, 301 Fisher Park Circle Greensboro, NC, NRHP-listed
Marian Lalewicz - was a Polish architect and one of the main proponents of Academic classicism in interwar Poland.
He served with the Royal Canadian Engineers, Army Third Division, in England and northwest Europe, from 1941 to 1945.
Ken Yeang is an architect, ecologist, planner and author from Malaysia, best known for his ecological architecture and ecomasterplans that have a distinctive green aesthetic.
In London he assisted the design of the Agnew Gallery on Old Bond Street and the Grade I listed New West End Synagogue.
The commercial buildings often featured brick, along with terra cotta ornamentation.
Marshall County Courthouse, Courthouse Sq., Marshalltown, IA NRHP-listed
Samuel Sloan was a Philadelphia-based architect and best-selling author of architecture books in the mid-19th century.
He is regarded as one of the early practitioners of the Northwest Regional style of Modernism.
The Weilin & Göös Print Works, Espoo, designed by Ruusuvuori, was closed down at the end of the 20th century.
Benninger studied under Josep Lluis Sert and worked in his studio.
After marrying a third time in 1946, Wright left Indiana for Del Mar, California, where he spent the rest of his life designing houses.
He opened his own practice in 1970 in Lugano.
William Slater was an English architect who was born in Northamptonshire and practised in London.
U.S. Post Office and Courthouse, 9th St. and 5th Ave., Huntington, West Virginia, NRHP-listed
His largest Bangor work may have been the Adams-Pickering Block, a Second Empire-style commercial block which was built in 1873.
Joseph Bromfield was a notable plasterer and architect working in the West Midlands and in Central and Northern Wales in the late Georgian period.
Nuttgens was Hoffman Wood Professor of Architecture at the University of Leeds from 1968 to 1970 and again from 1984 to 1985.
A number of his works are listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places:
He educated many award-winning Japanese architects, earning him the nickname "father of Japanese modern architecture."
Ammar Eloueini is an architect who established AEDS | Ammar Eloueini Digit-all Studio in Paris in 1997.
Upon his graduation in 1934, Polevitzky moved to Miami and began what would become his career focus on tropical design.
Adrian Mount Pearsall was born in Trumansburg New York.
Gimson was described by the art critic Nikolaus Pevsner as "the greatest of the English architect-designers".
First Presbyterian Church, 234 E. Main St., Rock Hill, South Carolina
Roxy Theatre, 714 Third St. Langdon, ND, NRHP-listed
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe was a German-American architect.
From about 1814 John Hiram Haycock worked in partnership with his son Edward Haycock, Sr.
He was held captive under the Arabs but was ultimately freed with the help of T. E. Lawrence.
Antoni Gaudí i Cornet was an architect from Reus, Catalonia, Spain.
Expansion of Argyle Building, 306 E. 12th St. Kansas City, MO, NRHP-listed
Gert Wingårdh is a Swedish architect whose company, Wingårdh arkitektkontor, maintains an international practice.
The Hooper Mansion, Boston, home of the Boston branch of the Church of Scientology
He left a significant legacy of Greek Revival buildings at Princeton University, Princeton Theological Seminary, and in the surrounding town.
Later prominent projects included the Seymour Schulich Building at York University.
Neihart School, 200 S. Main St. Neihart, MT Shanley, George), NRHP-listed
He became "resident architect" of the Biltmore Estate after the 1895 death of architect Richard Morris Hunt.
Bohn died in 1948 and is buried in Crown Hill Cemetery in Indianapolis.
He joined the Manitoba Association of Architects in 1934 served as President of the Manitoba Association of Architects three times.
He served as the deputy street commissioner and superintendent of the sewer department in Newton, Massachusetts between 1891 and 1901.
After that he designed the District Labour Insurance Building in Skopje, which was important for Yugoslav architecture because it introduced Le Corbusier's principles, including ribbon windows.
He was master of the Art Workers Guild in 1971.
Joseph Auguste Émile Vaudremer was a French architect.
In the 1990s, Stahel extended this vision to selling goods as services as the most efficient strategy of the circular economy.
Born July 14, 1870 in Quincy, Illinois, he first trained at the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute and later the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The Peachtree Center area includes Portman-designed Hyatt, Westin, Mandarin Oriental, Hotel Indigo, and Marriott hotels.
Winy Maas is a Dutch architect, landscape architect, professor and urbanist.
Carroll County Courthouse, Newnan and Dixie Sts.
Drawings in the RIBA Collection document her travels through England, France and Italy.
Masonic Temple Building, 36-42 N. Fourth St., Zanesville, Ohio, NRHP-listed
His parents were Jose Villanueva and Maria Peñaranda.
Harold William "Harry" Weedon was an English architect.
He was born and raised in New York City, where he began his career as a mason.
She studied in South Africa before moving to London in 1990 where she worked at Foster & Partners.
He taught for more than 40 years at the University of Illinois and the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Clinton-Hardy House, aka Lee Clinton Residence, 1322 S. Guthrie, Tulsa, Oklahoma, NRHP-listed
The American Institute of Architects in 1908 called him "the most fashionable architect of his generation."
and Markham Ave., and Clarendon St. Durham, NC, NRHP-listed
He was the son of American Revolutionary War hero Richard Anderson and father of Confederate General Richard H. Anderson.
John Loughborough Pearson RA was a Gothic Revival architect renowned for his work on churches and cathedrals.
One or more works in Mathias Mitchell Public Square-Main Street Historic District, roughly Main St. from Strongs Ave. to Second St., Stevens Point, Wisconsin, NRHP-listed
Gaudí's work enjoys global popularity and continuing admiration and study by architects.
He "is regarded as one of the most outstanding architects of the twentieth century".
He has been called the "father of the profession" in Glasgow.
Toxteth Library, in Windsor Street, a balanced English Renaissance style building, was set out by him in 1902.
His elder brother Sir John William Simpson was also an architect.
His first wife died on Arran during a family holiday, and his second wife divorced him and emigrated to New Zealand with the couple's two daughters.
Illinois State Capitol, Capitol Avenue and Second Street, Springfield, IL NRHP-listed
Building magazine is alleged to have described Saltdean Lido as "one of the really first-class designs of its type in the country".
At Oxford he carried out additions and restoration work at Oriel College, Oxford and St John's College, Oxford; and was architect of the bio-chemistry laboratories.
Sara Rosina Gramática is an Argentine architect.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States, Boller graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York.
He is believed to have died in Birmingham, England in 1878.
He served in the army during wartime working as an armourer.
McCullough's father named the Virginia Beach, Virginia subdivision Alanton after him.
He returned to Canada in 1965, where he joined Shore & Moffat.
Several Jacksonville architects began their careers in the offices of Klutho's firm.
Mario Tamagno was an Italian architect who worked mainly in early 20th-century Siam.
Allen received training through the International Correspondence Schools which was based in Scranton, Pennsylvania, but allowed him to receive training and continue work in Utah.
Thomas then worked on even harder, mostly in Montreal.
She is one of India’s most prolific architects and has numerous awards to her credit, including the Singapore Institute of Architects SIA Getz Award.
Hill Carter Linthicum's father was contractor William H. Linthicum, who worked with Thomas Linthicum in a contracting firm started in Danville, Virginia in 1850.
His portfolio also includes several residential projects.
Ivan Vurnik was a Slovene architect that helped found the Ljubljana School of Architecture.
His work in that area includes the planning for Bend Amateur Athletic Club Gymnasium, Redmond Union High School, and the Washington School in Corvallis.
North Omaha Creek Bridge, township road over N. Omaha Cr., 3 mi.
On 28 September 1608, Murray chased Finlay Taylor, a baillie of the Canongate, with a drawn sword in the Abbey Close near Holyroodhouse.
Miller gained prominence after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake when his firm was one among many called upon to rebuild the stricken city.
Franklin County Courthouse, Southern District, AR 22 Charleston, AR, NRHP-listed
He started his own firm with Ecuadoran Carlos Zapata in 1998 with a commission to rebuild Soldier Field, the Chicago Bears' stadium.
Kühnel stayed in Aarhus and is responsible for a number of noable structures there.
State program of preservation of historical town-building formation in Hlukhiv.
He studied drawing under Nathan C. Wyeth.
Fairfax Hills Historic District, Bounded by Esplanade Ave., Brown Ave. and 12th St., inc. both side of Parkwood Blvd., Coronado Rd.
Ironically, as Andrews was returning to catch a ship west, and before delivery was taken of the arms, the South surrendered at Appomattox.
Cowlishaw married Edward Garnett's youngest sister, Lucy, in April 1897.
He founded multidisciplinary design firm Tihany Design in 1978, and is considered the originator of the title "restaurant designer".
In 1990, Binder was named a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Frank Wills was a British-born architect who is associated with the design of early Gothic Revival churches in North America.
He succumbed to complications of a heart attack on 26 September 1952.
George W. Conable, AIA, was an American architect practicing in New York City in the early to mid 20th century specializing in churches.
He began his career in 1899 in Moscow, working in the Art Nouveau style.
In 1895 he moved west, planning to make his way as a farmer.
From 1922 to 1930, he worked in Portland, Oregon.
Sydney Smirke RA was a British architect who was born in London, England, the younger brother of Sir Robert Smirke, also an architect.
Clinton Armory, 723 S. Thirteenth St., Clinton, OK NRHP-listed
College of Architecture and Environmental Design had a month-long exhibit on "Constructions: Buildings in Arizona by Alfred Newman Beadle".
He was active throughout the United States and Canada, with a significant body of work in Cleveland.
Kazuyo Sejima, along with and Ryue Nishizawa, has worked on several projects in Germany, Switzerland, France, England, the Netherlands, United States, and Spain.
Joseph Walter Northrop was an American architect.
But he was most proud of his schools."
A significant focus of her architecture practice, research, and teaching has been redefining urban spaces of death and remembrance.
He has lived in New York since 1982.
Polk designed both in the public and private sector.
She designed the Swissôtel Tallinn and the Rocca al Mare Shopping Centre.
Bohn Motor Company Building, South Broad St., New Orleans, LA
He practiced architecture with Derby and Robinson Boston and Sproatt and Rolf Toronto, Ontario.
He was clerk of works on the Albert Memorial in London, and worked under Scott's supervision on improvements to Lanhydrock House near Bodmin in 1857.
He was among many Westerners, particularly Italians, who were employed as architects and civil engineers during the reign of King Chulalongkorn.
The building closely resembles Philadelphia's First National Bank of the Republic by Frank Furness.
George H. Miller is an American architect, managing partner of I.M.
He designed many complexes in Indian cities such as Indore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Bangalore, Kolkata, etc.
Leonard Jacobson FAIA was an American museum architect.
He also designed the Magasin du Nord department store on Kongens Nytorv.
He worked with architect Charles C. Benton, Sr. during 1910–1915.
Harry Hake is also listed as the architect on the tomb of former U.S.president William Henry Harrison.
He was the grandfather of the singing star Anne Ziegler.
Sir Ninian Comper was a Scottish-born architect.
His father is presumed to be Edward Holl, a stonemason from Beccles in Suffolk, who died in January 1816.
He attended courses in architecture at Cornell University in 1911-12.
Le Mars Central High School, Le Mars, IA, NRHP-listed
He is generally regarded, along with the Spaniard Félix Candela, as one of the most famous structural expressionists in Mexico.
Winsome Hall Andrew was an Australian architect.
Her skills were diverse as she worked as a fashion designer, interior designer, project manager, public works architect and pioneer architectural librarian.
The courthouse is an imposing three story limestone building with tower executed in the Chateauesque/Tudor Revival style.
Charles Erastus Colton was an American architect who worked in Syracuse, New York.
Downing worked for the firm and was the its lead designer for the Healey Building.
--from the film Ecological Design: Inventing the Future
William Arnold was an important master mason in Somerset, England.
Conventual Chapel at Our Lady of the Lake University, 411 S.W.
His repair of the Tudor Owlpen Manor in 1925–26 is often regarded as his most representative and successful work.
George Enoch Grayson – 7 November 1912), usually known as G. E. Grayson, was an English architect who practised in Liverpool.
His sons Franklin and Arthur were also architects and in 1900 formed the firm James E. Ware and Sons.
Numerous works in Glenview Historic District, NRHP-listed
Carl G. Adams House, 31 Hunting Lodge Ct. Miami Springs, FL, NRHP-listed
Chitham is the most recent architect to spell out extensively a more updated, modern, and refined version of classical architecture.
He was "Santa Barbara’s most prolific architect of Victorian homes and buildings".
The Butte Falls Ranger Station, Residence #1001 was built in 1935.
James Albert "Jim" Beard is a significant Wellington architect, town planner, and landscape architect.
Sir Roger de Grey and Flavia Hatt Irwin.
Malcolm Quantrill was a British architect, academic and architecture theorist.
She was one of two women Participating Associates with the firm in 1956 and became an Associate Partner in 1970.
Findlay cultivated an extensive practice, working in later years with his son, Frank.
Joshua Arthur Rodrigues Brandon was an English architect and author.
Wyatt & Nolting was an architectural partnership of James Bosley Noel Wyatt and William G. Nolting.
He was articled to his uncle, and initially employed by him, later setting up his own independent practice in Plymouth in 1891.
Marion County Courthouse and Jail, Courthouse Sq., Columbia, MS, NRHP-listed
Board of Trade Building, 111 W. 7th St. Los Angeles, CA, NRHP-listed
Wendehack was most active during the 1920s.
His company also remodeled President Eisenhower’s farm.
For most of his career, he resided in Italy and England.
Franklin B. Ware was an American architect, best known for serving as the state architect of New York from 1907 to 1912.
Illarion Aleksandrovich Ivanov-Schitz was a Russian architect, notable for developing a unique personal style, blending the Vienna Secession school of Otto Wagner with Greek Revival features.
The contractors for masonry work, O'Connor Bros., began excavation for the foundation walls by July 1904; the plant was in production in 1905.
Wallace Kirkman Harrison was an American architect.
Ethel Mary Charles was the first woman to be admitted to the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1898.
Joseph Beale House, 2301 Massachusetts Ave., NW., Washington, D.C., NRHP-listed
He is noted for his use of polychromy.
Garrett Building, 233-239 Redwood St., Baltimore, MD,
Friedrich Eduard Mezger was a Bavarian architect, painter, professor, and a high civil officer of the royal buildings administration, called Oberbaurat.
Indera Mills, 400 S. Marshall St. Winston-Salem, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Ethel Bailey Furman née Ethel Madison Bailey was an American architect who was the earliest known African-American female architect in Virginia.
He mentored and later partnered with architect Henry M. Congdon, who had an extensive and well-documented career in church architecture after Priest’s death.
Fentress Architects also has studios in Los Angeles, California; San Jose, California; Washington, D.C. and London, UK.
He was the recipient of the Henry Klumb Award in 1985.
For these reasons Grassi is a non-conformist and a critic of conventional mainstream architecture.
Martha Thorne is an American architectural academic, curator, editor, and author.
Sunay Erdem founded Erdem Architects with his brother, Günay Erdem, in 1998.
He established himself as an architect in Kristiania after studying in Trondheim and 16 years of study and work in England.
The firm was notable for its Modernist style of design, principally of St. Brendan's Church and the Church of the Epiphany in New York City.
Frank B. Simpson was an American architect.
He is the dean of the School of Architecture of the China Academy of Art.
In 1922, Hedrick began his work as an architect in Fort Worth, Texas, and three years later opened his own office.
He was a founding member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts He was succeeded as Chief Architect by Thomas Fuller.
Frost & Granger was an architectural partnership from 1898 to 1910 of brothers-in-law Charles Sumner Frost and Alfred Hoyt Granger.
Carl Ludvig Engel, or Johann Carl Ludwig Engel, was a German architect known for his Empire style, a phase of Neoclassicism.
He was born in New Jersey and worked as a carpenter.
His contribution to the Suburb was applauded by architectural critic and author Christopher Hussey in Country Life magazine:
Ben van Berkel is a Dutch architect, working in the architectural practice UNStudio.
Lulu McCormick Junior High School, 2001 Capitol Ave. Cheyenne, WY, NRHP-listed
He was elected to the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2014 and was inducted in July 2015.
Laurie Olin is an American landscape architect.
Richard Lewis Brown, known as R. L. Brown, was a builder and state politician who lived in Jacksonville, Florida.
Hotel Charitone, 831 Braden Ave., Chariton, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Church of Our Savior, E. Eastport St. between Main and Fulton Sts.
During the Civil War, Andrews organized the First Maryland Light Artillery.
Thomas Gilbert was a British architect who lived from 1706 to 1776.
C. Smith, was an American painter and architect of New Bedford, Massachusetts.
He also designed the Weather Bureau and State Department offices.
Jamieson Kirkwood Parker was an American architect from Oregon, working primarily in Portland and Salem.
Margaret Anne Feilman OBE was Perth's first female town planner, having also practised as an architect and landscape designer.
This was constructed during 1936–37 and the airport opened in 1938.
He founded Alfonso Architects, Inc. with his brother Carlos and partner Angel del Monte.
He went on to assist in the establishment of the École du design industriel at the University of Montreal.
William Foster was an architect in Iowa.
Chicago and North Western Depot, Oak St.
For thirteen years he was the pro bono designer of Empress Farah Pahlavi's official wardrobe creating an exclusive royal haute couture of museum quality.
He is known mainly because of the creation of Bioclimatic Buildings and his Monuments in Public Square.
After serving in many post, Mokha went to the Indian city of Nagpur in 1956.
It now serves as the city's Gallery of Modern Art.
In 1924, she became the first woman to graduate in architecture as a regular student at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm.
Fathy was recognized with the Aga Khan Chairman's Award for Architecture in 1980.
In 1990, she and Frost founded Juul Frost Arkitekter in Copenhagen.
After graduating from university he worked in Le Corbusier's atelier in Paris.
Wilford studied at the Northern Polytechnic School of Architecture, London, from 1955 to 1962, and at the Regent Street Polytechnic Planning School, London, in 1967.
He was a leader of his profession and in the wider community, serving as the first Australian War Chest Commissioner during World War I.
Sophus Frederik Kühnel was a Danish architect best known for his design of Mejlborg and a number of other buildings in Aarhus.
Charles Douglas Figgis was an architect active in Melbourne and Ballarat in the late nineteenth century who was a partner in the firm Caselli and Figgis.
McKinnell and Kallman moved to Boston shortly after winning the competition and founded their firm, now known as Kallmann McKinnell & Wood, in 1962.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Kekushev's buildings are notable for his skillful use of metal ornaments and his signature with a lion ornament or sculpture.
He started his career as a civil engineer under Brunel and became superintendent of the Thames Tunnel works.
He later wrote extensively about Bladud and Neo-Druidism.
He often designed buildings in Richardsonian Romanesque and other styles.
Mesrobian immigrated to the United States in 1921 and became a prominent architect in the Washington, D.C. area.
It includes the 1938-built station building, a  1 1⁄2-story building on a concrete foundation with a wood-shingle roof.
National Valley Bank, 12-14 W. Beverly St., Staunton, Virginia, NRHP-listed
His pupils included John Nash, Samuel Pepys Cockerell, George Byfield and William Pilkington.
Henry J. Schlacks was an ecclesiologist from Chicago, Illinois, considered by many to be the finest of Chicago's church architects.
Between 2000 and 2012, de Vetyemy studied in Rio de Janeiro, Oxford and Delft.
Demetrius Comino OBE was an Australian-born Greek engineer, inventor, entrepreneur and philanthropist during the 20th century.
Among his other churches were St James, Swansea and St Gabriel, Swansea.
Among these projects was the Musée-Maison de la culture du Havre, an innovative museum built between 1955 and 1960.
He has contributed many notable cultural buildings to São Paulo and is widely credited as enhancing and revitalizing the city.
Elm Street Congregational Church and Parish House, Jct.
In New York City, he worked and collaborated with Jo Ming Pei, Henry Cobb, Jr. and Araldo Cossutta.
He is credited as having been the primary designer of that model.
George Dymond was a British architect working mainly in Bristol.
George Washington Maher was an American architect during the first-quarter of the 20th century.
Joseph Maria Olbrich was an Austrian architect and co-founder of the Vienna Secession.
Herbert Collins was a British architect, born in Edmonton, London.
Bostwick and S.H Ranck, and "Library Planning" posthumously published in the Journal of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
He also participated in the latest reform of the Cathedral of Salta and planning Plaza Güemes.
Gibraltar, 250 Pennsylvania Ave. Wilmington, Delaware, NRHP-listed
Black Hawk Museum and Lodge, 1510 46th Ave. Rock Island, IL, NRHP-listed
First National Bank Building, 629 Central Ave. Fort Dodge, IA, NRHP-listed
In 2006, he won the AIA Gold Medal.
Christian de Portzamparc is a French architect and urbanist.
Charles-Frédéric Mewès was a French architect and designer.
Carol Benesch was a Silesian architect of Historicism and Eclecticism orientation established in the Kingdom of Romania.
She is a pioneer of mud architecture in India.
Long, Lowell A. Lamoreaux, and Franklin's son Louis L. Long.
Span estates were typified by sharp Modernist designs with space, light and well-planned interiors, tempered with traditional features such as hung tiles and stock brick.
Long was an architect notable for his work in Minneapolis, Minnesota with the firm Long and Kees.
This followed the rejection of earlier female applicants, including Florence Taylor in 1907, on the grounds of being female.
He had various roles associated with the parliament and department buildings in Ottawa.
Sugrañes held this charge during 10 years, from Gaudí's death in 1926 until the 20 July 1936.
Benjamin Kauffman Polk was an American designer and architect, best known for his work in India and Nepal.
Over 800 buildings were designed or altered by him.
His school designs were often in a Collegiate Gothic style emphasizing a central tower, locally referred to as a "castle style".
Testa died, aged 89, in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Go founded Daniel C. Go & Associates, and ADGO Architecture and Design Inc., and is its principal architect.
Curry was a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts.
Emanuel Vincent Harris OBE, RA, often known as E. Vincent Harris, was an English architect who designed several important public buildings.
But I would change every one if I was going to create them today."
In 1994, she was elected to the American Institute of Architects College of Fellows.
Moffatt was the son of a small builder and pupil of James Edmeston.
Xavier Vilalta is a Spanish architect and professor.
Henry Elmer "Kirk" Kirkemo was an American architect principally known for his work in western Montana and, in particular, in Missoula, Montana.
Some of his works have been declared National Monuments in Colombia.
He was also involved in architecture of rammed earth construction in South Carolina.
One or more works in Second and Market Streets Historic District, roughly, area around Second and Market Sts., Louisville, Kentucky, NRHP-listed
E. R. Hays House, 301 N. 2nd St., Knoxville, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Morris Homans Whitehouse was an American architect whose work included the design of the Gus Solomon United States Courthouse in Portland, Oregon.
His Devereaux House, at 334 W. South Temple St. Salt Lake City, UT, is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
He is also an author of the following documentaries "The World of Ukraine":
Firehouse in the Black Mountain Downtown Historic District, Black Mountain, N.C.,, NRHP-listed
During the first 15 years or so of his professional career, Beardsley preferred the Queen Anne, Richardsonian Romanesque, and Shingle Styles.
This iconic cubist structure served as a harbinger of the area's upcoming economic development.
He later assumed responsibility for the Hawaiʻi Volcanoes National Park as well.
Rapp learned his trade working for his father, a sometime architect and building contractor in Carbondale, Illinois.
Helen Wing House, 126 Warren St. Glens Falls, NY, NRHP-listed
From 1903 he was a titular professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen.
It also noted: "She seems to be pleasantly unaware what a remarkable little woman she is.
Richard Lane was a distinguished English architect of the early and mid-19th century.
He was perhaps the designer of the Abbey Church at Dunfermline, Scotland.
Often the interiors have Arts and Crafts attributes, and some of the congregations accepted Hayes recommendations of Louis Tiffany for their stained glass.
Baur was born in Trieste, then part of Austro-Hungarian Empire.
In addition to Racine, McDonald designed several private, public, and religious buildings in Milwaukee and Kenosha.
John Skilling was a civil engineer and architect, best known for being the chief structural engineer of the World Trade Center.
He suffered a second stroke in 1978 and died in Victoria in 1980.
Kengo Kuma is a Japanese architect and professor at the Graduate School of Architecture at the University of Tokyo.
He's also the winner of the SARP Honorary Award in 2008.
At the time of the 1940 U.S. Census, he was living as a lodger at the Kilauea Volcano House in Hawaii.
Surely, no architect is having as much impact, not only on the design of individual buildings, but on the shape of wide swaths of the city."
Blackburn was born in Southwark, the son of a tradesman and his wife, who may have been Spanish.
In 1857 Carpenter's son Richard Herbert Carpenter joined him as a pupil, and became a partner in 1863.
William F. Gernandt was an architect in Nebraska.
His notable work in Bath included: St John's Hospital, Queen Square, Prior Park, The Royal Mineral Water Hospital, the North and South Parades and The Circus.
In 1898, Souttar became the founding president of The Aberdeen Society of Architects.
He has offices in Toronto, Quebec, Shanghai, Dubai and Montevideo.
Her career included working at the firm of Stone & Webster.
Baumanis designed the Riga Circus in 1888.
Miller continued on his own, with Pflueger on staff.
He came from a large family with 6 siblings.
He also designed the Iroquois China Company plant in Solvay, New York.
In 1923, she married Henry St John Harrison, also an architect.
Jonathan Hill has published a number of books including:
José Antonio Attolini Lack was a Mexican architect.
Her work has received significant recognition, including local, state and national awards.
John Augustus Dempwolf was a York, Pennsylvania-based architect.
Panola County Courthouse, Sardis, MS non extant thus not on NRHP
In 1971 he received an honorary doctorate from the University of Calgary.
Moshe Safdie, CC, FAIA is an Israeli/Canadian/American architect, urban designer, educator, theorist, and author.
Before earning a master's degree in architecture from the Southern California Institute of Architecture he studied at Harvard and the University of Michigan.
Bates studied with Lars Jonson Haukaness at the Provincial Institute of Technology and Art in Calgary from 1926-1927.
Harold Hughes or Henry Harold Hughes was born in Liverpool and trained as an architect under Arthur Baker in London.
one or more buildings or structures in Mansfield Hollow Historic District, 86-127 Mansfield Hollow Rd., Mansfield, Connecticut
For his work at Allenhurst and elsewhere, Thomas Lewinski was known in his day as one of the leading architects of the Greek Revival style.
In 2014, Williamson received the AIA's Edward S. Frey Award for career contributions to religious architecture.
Valentine Theater Building, 405-419 Saint Clair and 402-412 Adams Toledo, OH, NRHP-listed
Étienne Sulpice Hallet was a French-born U.S. architect.
He received his Diploma in Architecture at the Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris in 1978.
Acworth Congregational Church, north end of town common, Acworth, NH, NRHP-listed
Most of his country/traditional homes are from the 1920s through the 1950s.
Born in New York, he graduated from Pratt Institute in 1940 and won a Prix de Rome in 1950.
Ecole du Sacré Coeur, 19 Melrose Ave., Ottawa – 1912
Orff was educated at the University of Virginia and Harvard University.
Ware is buried in Maple Grove Cemetery in a gravesite he received in partial payment for designing the Administration Building and receiving vault.
It was designed by architects of the United States Forest Service in rustic style.
He attended the School of Architecture, Harvard University, from 1926 to 1928.
Henry Thomas Hare was an English architect who was born in Scarborough, Yorkshire and designed numerous public buildings in Britain.
Samuel Charles Brittingham was a British-born architect who worked extensively in Australia in the early twentieth century.
Wayland & Fennell was an architectural firm in Idaho.
Edward Parsons was an American architect who practiced in Nevada and was a leader in historic preservation.
Youssef Aftimus; was a Lebanese civil engineer and architect who specialized in Moorish Revival architecture.
Horticulture Building, Lansdowne Park, Ottawa – 1914
He was the first chair of the Department of Architecture at the University of Toronto, where he taught during the 1880s and 1890s.
After the mid-1890s, Coxhead focused on residential designs.
Whilst he spent the majority of his life practising in South Australia, he did work for a Milan-based Italian firm-Mangiarotti and Morasutti-for less than a year.
He completed Elementary and High school in Zemun.
In 1923 he was appointed the municipal architect for Aker; he held the position until 1948, when he then became the city architect of Oslo.
Elizabeth de Portzamparc is a French-Brazilian architect.
Twin interior courts provided every room with natural light.
His best known work is the Liverpool Medical Institution, which was built in 1835–37 in Neoclassical style.
Kendall designed many civic buildings including workhouses, hospitals and schools.
The firm designed numerous buildings that are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
He graduated from Kansas State College's school of architecture in 1907.
At studio practices in New Hope, Pennsylvania and Tokyo, he explored traditional Japanese building techniques combined with the latest In American building innovations.
First St. John Methodist Church, 1601 Clay St. San Francisco, California.. Demolished 16 May 2014.
In October 2011, the Wall Street Journal named him the Innovator of the Year for architecture.
The grade I listed Birmingham School of Art, Margaret Street was one of his last commissions.
Throughout his life, Bage took an interest in the application of iron and gas technologies in construction and lighting, respectively.
Jacques Ferrier is an architect and urban planner.
As one of the principal members of Telesis, he helped develop what Lewis Mumford called the Second Bay Area Regional Style.
Cherry House, 217 Dooley Rd., North Little Rock, Arkansas, NRHP-listed
Pepper Building, 100–106 W. 4th St. Winston-Salem, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
He graduated with honors from the Berlin Royal Academy of Buildings, and was famous for his designs in three countries, Germany, Mexico, and the United States.
She was born in Chicago, went to college in Israel, where she served in the Israeli Air Force.
Most of his legacy survives to date.
Louis Singleton Curtiss, was a Canadian-born American architect.
Harris Drug Store, 114 S. Chadbourne St. San Angelo, TX Ruffini, Oscar
It is here where George was able to obtain his licensure in the U.K.
In 1841, the Board of Works of the Province of Canada was formed and he was among the initial employees.
Born in Scotland, he trained as an architect in Rome, and practised mainly in England.
His first wife was Frances Henrietta Jacques, who died in France.
He also designed the Grand Opera House at 651 Mulberry Street in Macon, Georgia.
In 1896, Sears was hired by Isabella Stewart Gardner to design her home, Fenway Court, in Boston's Fenway neighborhood.
His two best known works are the Saint Isaac's Cathedral and the Alexander Column in St. Petersburg.
She is best known for her work on Hearst Castle in San Simeon, California.
In 1923, Wright moved to Long Beach, Indiana and designed several buildings.
Étienne Gaboury, CM OM is a Canadian architect from Winnipeg, Manitoba.
One or more works in Waverly Historic District, Roughly bounded by Hampton St., Heidt St., Gervais St., and Harden St., Columbia, South Carolina
He founded Atelier Li Xinggang in 2001, and including works with his studio has been involved in more than 30 projects.
Montgomery Ward Building, 10 W. Beauregard San Angelo, TX Ruffini, Oscar
Not formally trained as an architect, but rather experienced in building construction, he became a designer.
He has been referred to as “The father of soft play”.
In 1886, other employees were made partners, and the firm became Furness, Evans & Company.
Museum at the London Pavilion, Piccadilly Circus; Hafod Eryri, the new £8.4M Snowdon summit building; and buildings at Marwell Wildlife.
Shortly after a visit to the United States he married, in 1837, Helen Pritchard; they had four children.
Pierce & Bickford was an American architect partnership of Joseph H. Pierce and H. H. Bickford, based in Elmira, New York, that was active during 1890-1930.
The Department of Public Works erected a number of small urban post offices in smaller urban centres during Thomas Fuller's term as Chief Architect.
He was born in Farnham, Quebec and studied at McGill University.
After 1950, the bulk of Walker's known commissions were for buildings at the University of Bridgeport.
Chamberlain's later work was increasingly influenced by the early Arts and Crafts movement.
Schrøder established himself in Aarhus as a carpenter and architect on 23 March 1844 and went into partnership with a design school.
Hugh Tallman Keyes was a noted early to mid 20th-century American architect.
His architectural styles were Gothic, Romanesque, and Beaux Arts, with the Daly Building a Chicago style.
Jones received the 2004 Old Tom Morris Award from the Golf Course Superintendents Association of America, GCSAA's highest honor.
Following his departure from TAC, he started his own firm Robert S. McMillan Associates, which concentrated mainly on projects in Africa and the Middle East.
Emile Weil was a noted architect of New Orleans, Louisiana.
They joined with Michael Smith to establish the Cob Cottage Company in 1993.
His best known work is Stærekassen, an extension to the Royal Danish Theatre on Kongens Nytorv in Copenhagen.
Karol Schayer was a Polish architect and soldier.
He was President of Manchester Society of Architects in 1886.
In 1870 the Schrøder family relocated to Copenhagen.
He designed in North Carolina for about 10 years.
During that time he designed several of the houses in the David Eccles Subdivision.
FAIA was a Danish architect, most notable for designing the Sydney Opera House in Australia.
She was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1992.
John Brandon-Jones worked for Charles Cowles-Voysey, became a partner in the business and finally took over the firm.
The fountain won the New South Wales Institute of Architects Civic Design Award in 1964.
Kraftenberg Homestead, Address Restricted, Belt, MT, NRHP-listed
He left the ministry in 1867 when his architectural work increased.
Charles Willard Moore was an American architect, educator, writer, Fellow of the American Institute of Architects, and winner of the AIA Gold Medal in 1991.
He was at one time Chief Architect of the Public Works Department of the Province of Ontario.
Lua Curtiss House I, 85 Deer Run Miami Springs, FL, NRHP-listed
She was the first woman designer to be published in Who's Who in America.
His projects include the Karim Residence in Bashundhara.
Tom Turner is an English landscape architect, garden designer and garden historian teaching at the University of Greenwich in London <http://blogs.reading.ac.uk/merl/category/discovering-the-landscape/>.
Since 1998 Anin has been working for Stefan Jerominom and Dimitrios Fitilidis.
Cengiz Bektaş is a Turkish architect, engineer, poet and writer for Evrensel magazine.
He was one of the founders of the Chicago School style.
His later career was in Schleswig-Holstein, where he is known for his independent architectural works.
She co-founded the London-based firm Deborah Saunt David Hills Architects with her husband David Hills in 1998.
Thorkel Luplau Møller was a Danish architect who primarily worked in and around Aarhus at the turn of the 20th century.
Hallett & Rawson was an architectural partnership in Iowa.
Charles R. Greco was an American architect who worked in the Boston area during the first half of the 20th century.
Høeg-Hansen became knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1924 and received the Order of the Dannebrog in 1935.
He was the only son of the physician and neurologist Sir David Ferrier, and a nephew of the painter Ernest Albert Waterlow.
He is notable for creating unadorned towers with large expanses of glass and well thought out interior layouts.
; his work at 10 Rockledge was featured in American Homes & Gardens.
David Randall Hertz is an American architect, inventor and educator.
Ehrick Kensett Rossiter was an American architect known for the country homes he designed.
Following the war, Mayerovitch resumed work as an architect and became active in urban planning.
He resigned in 1915 without providing a public explanation of his resignation.
In 1990 Brunskill was awarded an OBE for services to conservation.
After working in various capacities for several firms in Philadelphia, he founded his own atelier in 1935.
Professor Sir George Grenfell-Baines OBE DL was an English architect and town planner.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Moreover, for many decades he has been the Scientific Advisor for the Architecture Field in the AA.EE.
He worked in partnership Dodson & Dudley, also.
David MacGibbon should not be confused with architect William Forsyth McGibbon.
Sir David Alan Chipperfield CBE RA RDI RIBA is a British architect.
Klein, an eclectic, was one of the most prolific architects of his period, second only to Fyodor Schechtel.
William Turnbull Jr., FAIA, was an American architect whose unique  building designs challenged the more traditional architecture of California's West Coast.
Marcia Mead was an early 20th century American architect known for taking a neighborhood-centered approach to the design of low-cost housing.
Joseph Taylor Robinson House, 2122 Broadway Little Rock, AR, NRHP-listed
The conflict over attribution of their joint projects continues to this day between the supporters of Semper and Hasenauer.
Sir Philip Watts, KCB, FRS was a British naval architect, famous for his design of the revolutionary Elswick cruiser and HMS Dreadnought.
Tenth Street Bridge, a concrete arch bridge bringing 10th St. across the Missouri River, Great Falls, MT, NRHP-listed
Asplund was professor of architecture at the Royal Institute of Technology from 1931.
Adolf Wilhelm Edelsvärd was a Swedish architect who served as head architect for Statens Järnvägar, the Swedish national railways, during a long period between 1855–1895.
He also served as the University's chancellor.
Spanish Apartments, 16 E. Davis Blvd., Tampa, FL, NRHP-listed
From 2013 to 2014, Alender belonged to conservative Pro Patria and Res Publica Union.
Robert Reid was the King's architect and surveyor for Scotland from 1827 to 1839.
Together with Louis Kahn, he founded the short-lived Architectural Research Group in Philadelphia.
Alexander also designed wooden furniture and bowls.
He received architectural training in the Philadelphia offices of Samuel Sloan.
Varg has worked on city planning, architecture and interior design projects.
Over fifty years later, Bofill still leads Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura, with over 1000 projects to date in over 50 countries.
She completed her PhD coursework in American studies at New York University.
Bulger in establishing the architectural firm of Bulger and Rapp.
Clifford Charles Wendehack was an American architect noted for the design of clubhouses at country clubs.
One or more works in Greenville Commercial Historic District, roughly, Main St. from Walnut to Poplar Sts., Greenville, MS, NRHP-listed
Albert Schippel was an American architect in the Midwest.
His body of work included furniture, jewelry, glass, lighting, home objects and office machine design, as well as many buildings and interiors.
Evans also designed the rocket mass heater.
Mrs. Minnie Alexander Cottage, 218 Patton Ave., Asheville, N.C.,, NRHP-listed
Fox Theater, 1116-1128 Main St., Stevens Point, Wisconsin, NRHP-listed
Matz's design for the new church included Gothic Revival details.
He was a fellow to the American Institute of Architects in 1939.
He was professor at the Universidad Anáhuac campus del Norte and at the Escuela Nacional de Arquitectura of the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México.
Pere Marquette Hotel, 501 Main St. Peoria, IL, NRHP-listed
He is the founder of Polshek Partnership, the firm at which he was Principal Design Partner for more than four decades.
Reuben Harrison Hunt, also known as R. H. Hunt, was an American architect who spent most of his life in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
In 1938, she became the first Australian woman to graduate with a Diploma of Architectural Design.
He is best known for his collaborations with Borja Huidobro.
The Butte Falls Ranger Station, located in Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest in Butte Falls, Oregon, was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps.
^ a b c d e f g National Park Service.
He was born in New York City in 1876, a son of Richard M. Upjohn and grandson of Richard Upjohn.
Cottonwood County Courthouse, 900 3rd Ave. Windom, MN O'Meyer & Thori
Dunnell was born in 1851 in Norway, Maine.
Ernő Goldfinger RA was a Hungarian-born architect and designer of furniture.
All of these were completed apart from the DSI General Directorate Building.
The practice was terminated only after Boutcher retired in 1953.
During World War II, Praeger served in the US Navy, and he eventually reached the rank of captain.
After his graduation in 1896, he joined Olmsted's Brookline landscape architecture firm.
He died in 1875 in Tranmere, which is now in Merseyside.
John Thomas Blair, most commonly known as John T. Blair, was an architect and builder in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Welch is a Colorado College graduate who served in the Utah House of Representatives from 1919 to 1921.
Anna Branzell, also Anna Lous-Mohr Branzell, was a Norwegian-born Swedish architect.
Henry Hunter was a prominent architect and civil servant in Tasmania and Queensland, Australia.
His firm became T. J. Collins & Sons which continued to operate in the 1990s under the management of Collins' grandson.
Hugo Koch residence, Osceola Avenue between Albert and Hamline Avenues, Saint Paul, Minnesota
He died at his home in Mobberley, Cheshire, in 1939.
Joshua Prince-Ramus is Principal of REX, an architecture and design firm based in New York City.
Recitation Hall and Oratory Building, University of Delaware, Main & College Streets, Newark, Delaware, 1891,, NRHP-listed.
He studied to be an architect working under famed James Keys Wilson.
He died in Bo'ness from pneumonia in 1937.
He has worked on landscape design projects at diverse scales, from private residential gardens to public parks and corporate/museum campus plans.
McCullough's trademark features includes terrazzo floors and raised fireplaces with levitating hearths.
Through the 1870s he was known for designing houses and other buildings in a chaste Italian Renaissance style.
Born in Korçë she studied architecture at Sofia University graduating in 1952.
She is a Commissioner on the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission.
His great-grandfather was Pierre Manigault, a French Huguenot who was born in La Rochelle, France and settled in Charleston.
We really need architects to engage in low cost housing.
He also designed and built Bushy House from 1664 to 1665 for Edward Proger.
He partnered in the architecture firm Mills & Wachter from 1892 to 1897, then worked as an individual architect for 15 more years.
Latrobe also designed the largest structure in America at the time, the "Merchants' Exchange" in Baltimore.
After that, Griggs practiced alone until his death on June 24, 1918.
Noble House, Highfield Rd., Norfolk, CT, NRHP-listed
Gustav Friedrich Hetsch was a German-born, Danish architect.
In 1894 he won the Alexander Thomson travelling scholarship which he spent in France and Italy.
Aedas design experience includes mixed-use, office, retail, residential, hotel, infrastructure, education, culture, and adaptive reuse.
Louis John Gill was a San Diego-based architect and the nephew and one-time business partner of another famous San Diego architect, Irving Gill.
Joseph A. Shannon, known in at least one source as John A. Shannon, was an architect in Devils Lake, North Dakota.
Contributing structures in Old College Historic District.
Moojen was the pioneer of a new building style in the Dutch East Indies.
He lived and worked in the Dutch East Indies from 1903 to 1929.
Charles Alonzo Rich was an American architect who practiced in New York City from 1882 until 1933.
In 1903, Tully was awarded the Imperial Service Order.
Ross was born in Arlington, Massachusetts on July 18, 1893, the third of the five children of Louis Hall Ross and Mable Louisa Rawson.
Bigelow was a graduate of West Point, ranking second in the class of 1835.
James "Athenian" Stuart was a Scottish archaeologist, architect and artist, best known for his central role in pioneering Neoclassicism.
Projects include Emergency Housing for those displaced by man-made and natural disasters; livelihoods for vulnerable communities; Supper With US and rural revitalization.
Rozelle Elementary School, 993 Roland St. Memphis, TN, NRHP-listed
The principals of the firm were Albert A. Barker and Walter B. Nourse, and it operated from 1879 to 1904.
The Ukrainian palace of Kachanovka is also attributed to him.
Robert Hull was was an American architect and co-founder, with David Miller, of the architectural firm Miller Hull.
For his work, he received the Prešeren Award in 1961 and in 1978.
He designed numerous armories built under the Works Progress Administration.
Peter Jamieson Beaven was a New Zealand architect based in Christchurch, who lived for his last few months in Blenheim.
The firm was formed with partner William M. Whidden.
Kenzō Tange was a Japanese architect, and winner of the 1987 Pritzker Prize for architecture.
Leoni W. Robinson was a leading architect in New Haven, Connecticut.
In 1933 or 1934, he worked briefly for skyscraper designer Raymond Hood, who also had been an occasional lecturer at NYU.
William H. White was a British architect.
He was orphaned as a child and brought up by an uncle.
Earlier in his career he worked for architect Victor W. Voorhies, including on the Vance Building.
Some of his most important civic work was done after the war, in the aftermath of the Invasion of Normandy.
Assael Architecture is a British architectural firm based in London, established in 1994.
Wiley J. Croom House, 205 E. Milam Wharton, TX, NRHP-listed
Israel T. Almy was an American architect from Fall River, Massachusetts.
His design for the Eagle's Nest was a symmetrical Gothic architecture building with Berkshire limestone with stables behind the building and "manicured lawn and gardens".
His most famous work is the Panthéon in Paris, built from 1755 onwards, originally as a church dedicated to Saint Genevieve.
Albert S. and Ruth Goodloe House, 1302 Sayles Blvd.
Robert H. Babington House, 608 Main St., Franklinton, LA, NRHP-listed
He subsequently was a state architect of New York.
After being located in Chicago for many years, he established his office in Dallas, Texas in 1940.
Allen, a native of Northampton, Massachusetts, moved to New Haven around 1867 or 1868 and spent most of his adult life there.
William Newton Morgan, Sr. was an American architect and author, based in Jacksonville, Florida.
But as a continuing inspiration in our post-industrial world, or our new world of information and ecology, it doesn't make any sense.
Robert Adam FRSE FRS FSA FSA FRSA was a British neoclassical architect, interior designer and furniture designer.
From 1992 through 1998, he worked on his own and in 1999 he joined the Chicago firm “Murphy/Jahn”.
Günay Erdem is a Turkish Architect and self-taught Landscape architect.
Keyvan Khosrovani is a prominent Iranian architect and designer based in Paris, France.
Nellie Beatrice Osborn Allen was an American landscape architect.
Aviation pioneer Glenn Curtiss formed many corporations; "Curtiss & Bright" refers to the partnership between Curtiss and James Bright.
In 1783 he became one of the first 36 members of the Russian Academy.
Nicklas became a partner in 1904 in the firm which became known as Badgley and Nicklas until it was dissolved in 1913.
In 2016 Daniels was elevated to Fellowship in the American Institute of Architects.
He is known for Queen Anne architecture styling including steeply pitched rooflines and turned columns.
Henley was born in Crompton, Rhode Island to Charles A. and Mary E. Booth Henley.
NW of Lewisburg on U.S. 60 Lewisburg, WV, NRHP-listed
First Baptist Church of Painted Post, 130 W. Water St.
Mario Roberto Álvarez was an Argentine architect.
Later Frimodt Clausen worked a great deal in Aarhus as an architect.
Wesley Clark Dodson, most often known as W.C. Dodson, was an architect of Waco, Texas.
Assisted by a young William Tite, he also rebuilt the church of St Dunstan-in-the-East between 1817 and 1821.
From 1812 until 1837 Plowman worked in partnership with the builder, civil engineer and architect Daniel Harris.
which was the first book on women in architecture in the United States.
Henry-Russell Hitchcock wrote of Thomson in 1966: “Glasgow in the last 150 years has had two of the greatest architects of the Western world.
Dunn worked often in conjunction with master wood-worker Conrad Burgess.
His Romanesque style St. Joseph Catholic Church in Damar, Kansas was built in 1912.
His 12-story Frost Bank Building erected in 1922 was restored in 1994 to become the Municipal Plaza Building, housing the City Council chambers and city offices.
Several of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
He now runs Walker Architecture & Design in Wellington.
Bernardo Calderón Cabrera was a Mexican architect.
Daniel Go is a Filipino architect of Chinese descent.
Jujol's wide field of activity ranged from furniture designs and painting, to architecture.
Mathews & Associates Architects is an architecture firm based in Pretoria, South Africa.
Los Verdes Golf Course Clubhouse, 1965, Rancho Palos Verdes, CA.
He designed two World’s Fair pavilions for West Virginia.
He was influential in the late 1950s and early 1960s, best known for his theory of mobile architecture.
His early work included a survey and plans for the development of Kennington, London, for the Duchy of Cornwall.
After attending Yale and graduate studies at Harvard University's Graduate School of Design, he joined his father and older brother at Robert Trent Jones Incorporated.
S of W. Main St., on W edge of Mandan Mandan, ND, NRHP-listed
Chris Bosse is a German-born architect, resident in Sydney in Australia.
William West Neve was a minor English architect in the Arts and Crafts style.
Brauns a Presbyterian minister, Ferdinand L. Brauns an accountant of local repute.
Stefanos Polyzoides is a architect and urban planner based in Pasadena, California.
He currently resides in Málaga in the South of Spain where he runs a successful architectural practice and cultural centre as well as continuing his writing.
Bell worked prolifically both individually and in various partnerships, allowing him to produce many architectural works.
She is a co-founder of UNStudio, a large award-winning architecture firm in Amsterdam.
Joan of Arc Junior High School, built 1941, W. 93rd St., New York, NY
John Dando Sedding was an English church architect, working on new buildings and repair work, with an interest in a "crafted Gothic" style.
Master plans of state historical-architectural preserves in Hlukhiv, Putyvl, Chernihiv.
Joseph Bové was an Italian-Russian neoclassical architect who supervised reconstruction of Moscow after the Fire of 1812.
In 1988, he was granted Indian citizenship, the only honour he actively pursued in his life.
Iowa State Capitol, Grand Ave. and E. 12th St., Des Moines, IA, listed on the National Register of Historic Places
Henry Bertram Bucher was a Norwegian architect.
William Halsey Wood was an American architect, born at the Village of Dansville, New York on April 24, 1855.
William W. Axe School, 1709–1733 Kinsey St.
Memphis, TN has association of architects Furbringer & Ehrman, and is also NRHP-listed
Watkins designed some LDS meetinghouses in Provo and Springville.
Other works include the remodelling of a hunting lodge at Cranborne to form the Manor House for Robert Cecil, 1st Earl of Salisbury in 1607–1610.
One or more works in Somesville Historic District, Somes Harbor and its environs Mount Desert, ME, NRHP-listed
Dunnell attended the University of Minnesota in 1869 but later transferred to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
He designed Derby's Guild Hall, the Arboretum Square entrance and orangery, and the so-called Crystal Palace at the Derby Arboretum.
Peter Josiah Barber was an architect and served as mayor of Santa Barbara, California.
For his outstanding work, he was ennobled by Emperor Franz Joseph I in 1873, and made Freiherr, the equivalent of baron.
He designed many of the suburban developments in the city of Southampton in the 1920s and 1930s.
In 1946, a merger erased Bohn and Mueller's names from the successor firm of Vonnegut, Wright & Yeager
David Younghusband was a residential architect and building contractor in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Tom Wright is a British architect best known as the designer of the Burj Al Arab in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The partnership between Henry Walker Hartwell and Albert E. Swasey, Jr. lasted from the late-1860s to 1877, when Swasey went on his own.
Luis Jose Antonio Miró Quesada Garland was a Peruvian architect, professor, essay writer, art critic and a promoter of modern architecture in Peru.
In 1930, Robert Vorhoelzer has been appointed professor at the Technical University of Munich.
Eddy spent three years in railroad construction in Arizona, where he built a branch of the Santa Fe road south from the town of Flagstaff.
B. F. Grady School, N side NC 11, 0.3 mi.
One of his sons, Giovanni Paolo Gaspari, was a painter active mainly in Germany.
By 1930, he had moved to San Francisco.
Pipestone Public Library, 3rd St., SE and S. Hiawatha Ave., Pipestone, MN, NRHP-listed
Charles D Sutherland was a Canadian architect who served as Chief Dominion Architect from 1936-1947.
Lakeshore Drive Bridge, Lakeshore Dr. at Lake No.
I am attracted to free-flowing, sensual curves.
Karel Pařík placed his personal mark and made great contributions to the urbanization of Sarajevo and Bosnia and Herzegovina during the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Edwin Fitch was an architect and builder in Connecticut.
Dub created his own architecture firm, Dub Architects in 1975, and served on Edmonton City Council from 1977 to 1980.
He was buried in Arlington Cemetery, not far from his best known work, in section 48, Lot 288, Grid S-23
He was a Knight of the Dannebrog.
Peter Russell Corrigan AM was an Australian architect and was involved in the completion of works in stage and set design.
Ernest Newton ARA FRIBA was an English architect and President of Royal Institute of British Architects.
Marcus Tullius Reynolds was an American architect from the Albany, New York area.
Alvin M. Strauss was an Indiana architect and designer of many landmark buildings in Indiana and Ohio during the early twentieth century.
Bank of Long Prairie, 262 Central Ave. Long Prairie, MN, NRHP-listed
It was formed by Lewis Pilcher and William G. Tachau.
One or more works in Oglethorpe University Historic District, 4484 Peachtree Rd.
Thomas Cubitt was an English master builder, notable for developing many of the historic streets and squares of London, especially in Belgravia, Pimlico and Bloomsbury.
Frances Evelyn Henley was an American architect.
He trained as an architect in his native London and came to Canterbury at the age of 22.
He was a pupil of Sir George Gilbert Scott, and worked in partnership with Thomas Garner for much of his career.
Ellice Maud Nosworthy was an Australian practising architect for approximately 50 years and graduated as one of Australia's first female architects in 1922.
Antonio Pio Saracino is an Italian architect and designer based in New York City.
He worked with Louis Sullivan and later with William Gray Purcell as a partner in the firm Purcell & Elmslie.
Predock's design has been highly influenced by his connection to New Mexico.
A number of works of Hill Carter Linthicum and his son are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Underwood trained in London as a pupil of Henry Hake Seward and then joined the office of Sir Robert Smirke.
Idaho Falls Public Library, Elm and Eastern Sts., Idaho Falls, ID, NRHP-listed
The practice provides architecture, interior design, landscape design, urban design, masterplanning, and graphics.
William Tutin Thomas was an Anglo-Canadian architect.
Jørgen Hansen Koch was a Neoclassical Danish architect.
He designed university buildings, commercial buildings, churches, and more.
After working with Schindler, White worked for Allen Rouff for six months between 1938 and 1939.
Chicago & Eastern Illinois and Lake Erie & Western Station, Hoopeston, Illinois
At the end of his career in the 1980s and early 1990s, Jacobson was heavily involved with the modernization of the Louvre in Paris, France.
Squaw Creek Bridge, 120th St. and V Ave. over Squaw Creek, Ridgeport, Iowa
He was one of the last of the great Gothic Revival architects, noted for his churches and their furnishings.
One of his best-known buildings is the Boulder town hall, for which he submitted designs in 1907.
Hepburn Library, 1 Hepburn St., Norfolk, NY
The Grange, Northington was subsequently remodelled by William Wilkins and is one of the earliest Greek Revival houses in Europe.
Neely-Sieber House, 620 W. Spring St., Lima, Ohio, NRHP-listed
McNeill House, 1282 C Ave. East, Oskaloosa, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Townshend Landscape Architects are a London-based Landscape Architecture practice established in 1988 by Robert Townshend.
Charles T. Beardsley, Jr. was an American architect practicing in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
He is associated with the First Bay Tradition.
He is known as "the Yorkshire Lutyens".
They worked with architect Clarence Martin for ten years while in Sarasota.
NAS Chase Field-Quarters R, Essex St. 0.43 mi.
Edward B. Stratton House, 25 Kenmore St. Newton, MA, NRHP-listed
In 2015, Alberta Venture named him as one of the Top 50 Most Influential People in Alberta.
Crisscross Lodge, 10056 Poplar Ave., Collierville, Tennessee, NRHP-listed
Dion Neutra is a modernist / International style American architect and consultant who worked originally with his father, Richard Neutra.
John Carr was a prolific English architect.
McKay also built two stone spans for the Union Bridge, which was the first bridge across the Ottawa River between Hull, Quebec and Bytown.
A number of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
He began working for the Park Service in 1928 and became its Chief Landscape Architect.
Baghdasar Arzoumanian was an Armenian architect and designer based in Yerevan, Armenia.
Hilton Hotel, 986 N. Fourth St. Abilene, TX
His chapels are built as broad uncluttered spaces around a central pulpit and Lord's table.
Theodore F. Payne House, 1409 Sutter St. San Francisco, CA, NRHP-listed
From 1883 to his retirement in 1922 he worked for the government, holding the title of Government Architect from 1909 onwards.
Maurice Fatio was a Swiss-born American architect.
The firm provided advice as well as overseeing the project.
He has specialized in modernist housing and his works include:
Architecture is a record of where a city and a culture was at a particular time."
Oscar Nitzchke was an architect, best known for designing the United Nations headquarters in New York and the Los Angeles Opera House.
Milton Earle Beebe was an American architect who designed numerous buildings in Buffalo, New York, in Fargo, North Dakota, and elsewhere.
He returned to Brazil in 1985, and was awarded the prestigious Pritzker Architecture Prize in 1988.
Henry Edward Kendall died in Westminster, 4 April 1875, aged 91.
Robert Holden has been described as the leading European landscape architecture critic of his generation.
Frederick Louis Roehrig was an early 20th-century American architect.
He was born in 1971 in Kawasaki-City, Kanagawa and lives and practices in Tokyo.
Gérard Thurnauer was a French architect and a founding member of the Atelier de Montrouge, an architectural and urban planning studio.
Matti Suuronen was a Finnish architect who is best known for making the Futuro and the Venturo houses.
He was a Unit Master at the AA School from 1973 to 1977.
Stratton Owen Hammon was a Louisville, Kentucky architect known for his Colonial Revival style homes.
Walpole High School, later the Massachusetts Archives Building, at 22 Morrissey Boulevard, Boston,
Allen Evans probably designed this speculative row of houses.
This led to a court case which was dubbed "The Trial of the Century" by contemporary reporters.
Eden was a pupil and later assistant of George Frederick Bodley and Thomas Garner.
One of Hetsch's first major projects was the interior decoration of the rebuilt Christiansborg Palace, where Christian Frederik Hansen was the principal architect.
Simsbury Bank and Trust Company Building, 760-762 Hopmeadow St., Simsbury, Connecticut, designed by Smith & Bassette
He established his own practice Avery Associates Architects in 1976.
A member of the influential Chicago Architectural Club, Seyfarth was a product of the Chicago School of Architecture.
Crocker-Jarvi Homestead, built 1893, Address Restricted, Belt, MT, NRHP-listed
Isaac Hodgson was an Irish architect who worked primarily in Indiana and Minnesota.
However, very soon, in 1867, on the execution of Maximillian, Andrews returned to the United States and to his properties in Maryland.
Woodlawn Cemetery and Woodlawn National Cemetery, Walnut and Davis Sts., West Hill and Bancroft Rds.
John and Margaret Watkins House, 22 W. Hundred S, Midway, Utah, NRHP-listed
He was a specialist in the history of the modern architecture of Finland.
Dickson County War Memorial Building, 225 Center Ave., Dickson, Tennessee, NRHP-listed
He was born in Saint John, New Brunswick, the youngest of six children.
A number of its works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
In 1966 he founded the School of Architecture of the University of Puerto Rico, the island's first architecture school.
He also promoted Scandinavian architectural style in Slovenia, particularly Finnish achievements in architecture accomplished by those such as Alvar Aalto.
Russell apprenticed under Henry Austin and became "one of the best-known architects in New Haven".
Since then, he has taken on work as an architectural consultant primarily from his sons' architectural firm Pei Partnership Architects.
Historically, a number of other Elizabethan houses, such as Gawthorpe Hall have been attributed to him on stylistic grounds.
An earlier work was "The Cearne" in Crockham Hill, Kent, a house designed for Russian-translator Constance Garnett and her literary-editor husband Edward Garnett.
From 1904 he became more involved in the revival of classicism.
In his projects, he stresses the importance of exposing the site of a project rather than imposing on it.
He was articled to Jonathan Gilliband Sale in 1851, travelled on the Continent for 12 months in 1856, and opened an independent practice the following year.
Cudell & Richardson was an architecture partnership of Frank E. Cudell and John N. Richardson active from 1871 to 1890.
He married Margaret Catherine Simpson, an accomplished pianist and a portrait painter on 10 Aug. 1889.
In 1976 he became a professor for the University of Pennsylvania, where he offered courses on the design of environments.
Among these are Copenhagen Central Station and the Øresund Railway stations which are examples of his National Romantic and Historicist styles.
Amongst his designs are the Orange Hall in Portaferry, Co. Down, the front gate lodge for Botanic Gardens in Belfast.
Benninger is on the Board of Editors of CITIES journal, and on the Board of the United States Educational Foundation in India.
He tied for 5-6th at Berlin 1881, and was in 9th place at Vienna 1882.
Records say the building was erected in 1865, whilst the circular stained glass windows which are still intact say 1869.
Andrey Dostoyevsky's Memoirs, first published in 1930, contain a lot of information on the early years of Fyodor Dostoyevsky's life.
He was a 1912 graduate from M.I.T..
James Gibbs was one of Britain's most influential architects.
Díaz Infante taught design and visual education at the Universidad Iberoamericana, at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México and at the Universidad Anáhuac.
Thomas Shelmerdine was an English architect who was appointed to the post of City Surveyor of Liverpool at the age of 26.
He worked for a time with architect Richard K.A.
Romolo Calabrese, is an Italian architect, active nationally and internationally in the design field and in theoretical debate.
She was the designer of many landmark buildings and spaces for the Fred Harvey Company and the Santa Fe Railroad, notably in Grand Canyon National Park.
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m National Park Service.
Louis L. Long was an American architect of Baltimore, Maryland.
Chicago, Milwaukee and St Paul Railroad station, 127 S. Spring St., Beaver Dam, WI, NRHP-listed, now the Dodge County Historical Museum
He has also served as the president of the American Society of Golf Course Architects.
He studied architecture and painting at Edinburgh College of Art and Edinburgh University.
George D. Rand was an American architect.
He is known for his deliberately informal and welcoming country houses, and for being an innovator in the Shingle Style.
St. Andrews Episcopal Church, 120 E. Woodin Ave., Chelan, WA, NRHP-listed
Dodson fought for the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War.
He was also a landscape architect and designer, and an accomplished draftsman and illustrator.
Dielmann married Ella Marie Wagner, a daughter of German emigres, on April 25, 1911, and they had three children.
Cobble Hill Farm, 101 Woodlee Rd., Staunton, Virginia, NRHP-listed
Together with her husband and partner Flemming Frost she has worked mainly in the area of urban planning and development.
Fourth National Bank of Atlanta, SW corner Peachtree and Marietta streets, Atlanta; part of the building survives as the Andrew Young School of Policy Studies
Along with his brother William, he was involved in the construction of Bath Abbey, the Tower of London and possibly Henry VII's chapel at Westminster.
He designed his home, the NRHP-listed Carl M. Neuhausen House in Salt Lake City, Utah, in Chateauesque style; it was permitted to be built in 1901.
Among his most important works are St Martin-in-the-Fields, in London, and the cylindrical, domed Radcliffe Camera at Oxford University.
Some of Feig's buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He founded his own firm, Bruno Freschi Architects, in 1970 in Vancouver.
Storm and Cumberland's partnership dissolved in acrimony in 1871.
The building was designed by Siamak Hariri and Robbie/Young & Wright Architects Inc. and was awarded the Governor General's Medal in Architecture in 2006.
St. Matthews, 693 Southbridge St., Worcester, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed
He is most notable for the restorations of Southwell Minster and Carlisle Cathedral, and the design of the National Portrait Gallery.
In 2004 work was completed on the Sharp Centre for Design at OCAD University, designed by architect Will Alsop, and Robbie/Young + Wright Architects Inc.
William H. and Ida Garland House, 846 W. Fairmount Ave., St. Paul "a typically florid production of Norwegian Americans Omeyer and Thori"
In early 2014 Foad Rafii was elected to Fellowship in the College of Fellows of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada.
He was one of five people convicted of graft in 1910 after a state investigation of cost overruns in association with construction and furnishing the capitol.
Nobody’s soldier that was a word to describe Gerald Melling.
His designs almost always include garages, gateways, and other small structures like gazebos.
Many of his designs have received honors from his professional peers through architectural organizations, and examples of his work have appeared in numerous media.
He is credited with helping to build Ufa Aviation University and Bashkir State University.
Saitowitz is Emeritus Professor of Architecture at the University of California, Berkeley, and is Design Principal with Natoma Architects Inc. based in San Francisco, California.
In 2012, Roche was inducted into Irish America magazine's Hall of Fame.
Phelan Building, 760 Market St. San Francisco, CA
Tadao Ando is a Japanese self-taught architect whose approach to architecture and landscape was categorized by architectural historian Francesco Dal Co as "critical regionalism".
Lúcio Marçal Ferreira Ribeiro Lima Costa  was a Brazilian architect and urban planner, best known for his plan for Brasília.
Ada Village Hall, 404 W. Main St. Ada, MN Thori, Martin P., et al.
He was described by Don Dunstan as the ‘premier architect’.
Harold G. Fowler was a National Park Service landscape architect.
Barbara Barrie is an American actress of film, stage and television.
There are yet to be added a protected desk light for the pulpit and a shaded reflector for the organ.
Herman Ridder Junior High School, built 1931, Boston Road, Bronx, New York
The San Diego Trust & Savings Bank at Sixth and Broadway, 1928
James Stephan Rossant was an American architect, artist, and professor of architecture.
Claude Waterlow Ferrier FRIBA was a Scottish architect, who specialised in the Art Deco style.
These are known as "the cathedrals of wine".
Alan M. Hantman, FAIA is an American architect who served as the 10th Architect of the Capitol from February 1997 until February 2007.
After service in the Italian armed forces during World War II, he was educated at the Sapienza University of Rome.
In 2012 the American Institute of Architects Pennsylvania presented Charles Dagit with its highest honor, the Gold Medal of Distinction for his career achievements in architecture.
Foucart was the first architect to establish a practice in Oklahoma.
Sund was born in Gildeskål in Nordland County.
Charles Franklin Sparrell was born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1852 and died in Newport, Kentucky in 1934.
Enamul Karim Nirjhar is a Bangladeshi architect and film maker.
He also designed many residential homes for wealthy clients in the growing suburbs of Edgewood, South Hills and Kanawha City near Charleston.
Henry F. Brauns was an architect based in Baltimore, Maryland, USA.
In the 1890s, Arthur joined his father to form the firm of Penty & Penty.
His notable buildings include the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, The Shard in London, and the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City.
Anderson for seven years upon completing his schooling.
Kjær died on 13 May 1863 and was laid to rest in Odense.
Richard Bruce Nasmyth Bryant, known professionally as Richard Bryant, is a British architectural photographer based in the United Kingdom.
He was the chief engineer on several bridge building projects during the late 1800 and early 1900s.
Princess Theater, 314 4th Street, Des Moines, Iowa
His vision was ultimately successful thanks to the support of federal minister Mitchell Sharp as well as Canadian Pavilion commissioner H. Leslie Brown.
He was one of the founders of Philadelphia's T-Square Club.
He built several other large residences on Summit Avenue.
Pei, in their firm known as Pei Cobb Freed & Partners, he worked on major United States public buildings and museums.
He was the RIBA representative to the British Standard Committee about BS 5454:2000 "Recommendations for storage and exhibition of archival documents."
He was the Director of Works for the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago.
Wofford College Historic District, Wofford College campus, Spartanburg, South Carolina
He left the Northern Pacific and studied architecture under noted Minnesota architect Clarence H. Johnston Sr..
Biltmore Village Cottages, 18 Angle St. and 75 Hendersonville Rd., Asheville, N.C.,, NRHP-listed
William Sutherland Maxwell was a well-known Canadian architect and a Hand of the Cause in the Bahá'í Faith.
Kate Orff is the founder and design director of SCAPE, a firm focussing on landscape architecture, broadly construed.
One or more works in Gaiety Hill-Bush's Pasture Park Historic District, roughly bounded by Pringle Creek, Mission St., Bush's Pasture Pk., Cross, High, and Liberty Sts.
Architecture writer Christopher Gray called him "one of the most prolific architects of the period".
He also contributed significantly to his country's cultural life.
One or more works in the Winterset Courthouse Square Commercial Historic District, Winterset, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Stephen Irwin RAIC, RIBA, OAA, BArch, MArch is a Canadian architect and "partner emeritus" of Shore Tilbe Irwin + Partners in Toronto, Ontario.
He partnered in Ives and Hogan, based in Honolulu, Hawaii.
His designs incorporate sustainable development ideas and sociological concepts, along with sloped lines that are shaped to their surroundings.
Her architectural drawings and models are shown at museums like MoMA.
Clouston started his professional career at Durham Council Council in 1960 but left in 1965 establishing BCP.
Schwarz's work focuses primarily on contextual, humanistic design and urbanist planning principles.
Griffith Thomas was interred at Green-Wood Cemetery, in Brooklyn, New York in 1879.
He worked on the Swan Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon, England, as well as being the inspecting architect for Birmingham's St. Philip's Cathedral and Hereford Cathedral.
Jean Dimitrijevic was a French architect who worked with Guy Lagneau and Michel Weill in the Atelier LWD on many projects.
Beaser School, 612 Beaser Avenue, Ashland, NRHP-listed
He was later responsible for surveys and a plan for New York City.
470 Livingston Street, a Colonial Revival house which is a contributing property in the Whitney Avenue Historic District, New Haven, CT
Quinepoxet River Bridge, Thomas St. over the Quinepoxet River at the Wachusett Reservoir West Boylston, MA
Sunay Erdem also won Turkish National Landscape Architecture Awards in 2009, 2010 and 2013 which were given by Chamber of Landscape Architects in Turkey.
Tompkins Hall at The George Washington University is named in his honor.
He was the son of Charles Francis Hansom and the nephew of Joseph Aloysius Hansom, of an architectural dynasty from York.
He rejected modernism and continued traditions from the late Victorian period, emphasising fine detail, craftsmanship and bright colour.
Loos had three tumultuous marriages that all ended in divorce.
The Dunn & Findlay partnership's most notable building is probably The Scotsman building in Edinburgh's North Bridge, begun in 1898, now The Scotsman Hotel.
She had restored and decorated Rashtrapati Bhavan, Parliament House Colonnade, the Prime Minister's Office and Hyderabad House in New Delhi.
She is the founder of Deborah Berke & Partners Architects, a New York City-based design firm.
After completing his apprenticeship in building, he moved to London around 1811.
Works designed or co-designed by Anschutz that have been listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places include:
This was followed by further studies in Europe, a standard move for many young American architects of that era.
He lost out to George Edmund Street in the competition for the Royal Courts of Justice in The Strand.
Chicago and North Western office building, 226 West Jackson Boulevard at Franklin Street, Chicago, Illinois
Domenico Gilardi, was an Italian architect who worked primarily in Moscow, Russia in Neoclassicist style.
Pietro Belluschi was an Italian architect, a leader of the Modern Movement in architecture, and was responsible for the design of over 1,000 buildings.
His most recognized project is the construction of the Zahir Mosque in Alor Setar.
Born in Preston, as George Baines, his family’s humble circumstances forced him to start work at the age of fourteen.
Wivi Lönn born as Olivia Mathilda Lönn was a Finnish architect.
The firm is credited in the design of a number of buildings that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Robert Arthur Morton Stern, usually credited as Robert A. M. Stern, is a New York City and New Haven based American architect, professor, and academic writer.
Originally a practitioner of provincial Art Nouveau in Samara and Moscow, he later joined the camp of rationalists and focused on perfecting school and museum designs.
One of Buchanan Campbell's most notable works was the Dollan Baths complex in East Kilbride.
Buildings by Kerbalai Sefi Khan Karabagi included traditional and romantic elements.
Colin Frederick Madigan AO was an Australian architect.
later Bozeat Boot Co., shoe manufacturers of Northhants
Following his articles he worked for William Burn, before striking out to his own practice at Charlotte Row, Mansion House, London in 1854.
He served as the member of Parliament for Kinross-shire from 1768 to 1774.
of First and Cleveland Sts., Pawnee, OK) NRHP-listed
Including the Education Committee, Publications Committee, Journal Committee and Library and Journal Committee.
He was called by some the "Pugin of Belgium", with reference to the leading influence on the Gothic Revival of Augustus Pugin.
John C. Proctor Recreation Center, 300 S. Allen St Peoria, IL, NRHP-listed
He achieved critical recognition in his development of family and technology-embracing housing communities in England in the latter part of the 20th century.
As a young man, he studied with several architects, including Frank Lloyd Wright.
Storey died suddenly on his way to work in 1975 at the age of 52.
Ford worked closely with Eltham architect, Alistair Knox.
One or more works in Market House Square District, Hay, Person, Green, and Gillespie Sts.
Works by the individual architects and the firm include a number that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Royal commissions came his way in the form of some private projects for junior members of the British Royal Family; namely the Duke of Cumberland.
One or more works in Downtown North Historic District, Roughly bounded by W. Fifth, W. Eighth, N. Main and N. Cherry Sts.
He is best known as the architect of Navy Pier and for designing over 100 buildings for the Chicago and North Western Railway.
He graduated in 1920 and worked as an assistant to the architect Marcello Piacentini, later known as the main proponent of Fascist architecture in Italy.
Tom Emerson is a British architect based in London and Zurich.
Another major part of Wohlert's work was on Danish churches.
Edmund Harold Sedding, often referred to as E. H. Sedding, was an English architect who practised in Devon and Cornwall.
It did not prevent her from hiking in the Berkeley Hills and the Sierras using a crutch.
Later he returned to Germany after the 1862 amnesty granted to the revolutionaries.
Henry Thomas Cadbury-Brown RA was a British architect.
This capacity can be extended by placing chairs in vacant spaces without obstructing any aisles from 100 to 200 more.
He designed the St. George's Anglican Church and the Church of St. John the Evangelist.
Matthews-Godt House, 248 Skyline Dr., North Little Rock, AR, NRHP-listed
In December 1914, he had succeeded Raymond Unwin as consultant architect for Hampstead Garden Suburb; on his death, this role passed to John Soutar.
Security Storage, 1140 15th Street, NW, Washington, DC; built 1890; demolished 1965
He was born in Kentucky on December 29, 1853, and died on January 2, 1915.
He was a mid-century modern architect based in New Canaan, Connecticut.
Bio-Sketch included in "Who's Who in America, 1978" and in "Who's Who in the World, 1982".
St. Joseph Catholic Church, built 1912, 105 N. Oak St., Damar, KS, NRHP-listed
Edward Salomons was an Anglo-Jewish architect based in Manchester, working in the late 19th century.
The "biomorphic whiplash" style that Horta promoted deeply influenced architect Hector Guimard who used it in projects in France and extended its influence abroad.
Their practice, MacGibbon and Ross was established in 1872 and continued until 1914.
Vorrevangsskolen also exemplified modern school architecture in the overall shape of the school with many perpendicular wings and small courtyards in between.
From the 1930s Dale was the Oxford Diocesan Surveyor and was most noted for designing, restoring, and furnishing Church of England parish churches.
Gustav August Munzer was a German architect.
Already during his lifetime, he acquired a reputation for thorough and innovative scholarship in architecture, bringing a questioning attitude to well-known figures and canonical architectural history.
Heublein Tower, at Talcott Mountain State Park, Simsbury, Connecticut, designed by Smith & Bassette
First prize in the competition for the design of Export Development Bank of Iran Headquarters, 1997.
John Chessell Buckler was a British architect, the eldest son of the architect John Buckler.
Henry Irwin CIE was an architect of British India.
Thomas was the nephew of Broderick Thomas, one of the principal garden designers of the latter half of the 19th century.
Municipal Building, 420 Kellogg Ave. Ames, IA, NRHP-listed
Fort Worth Botanic Garden, 3220 Botanic Garden Blvd.
Elina Emily Mottram, was an England-born architect trained in Brisbane.
Beginning in 1906, he partnered with Peter Brust in the firm of Brust & Philipp based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Katharine Cotheal Budd was a pioneering woman architect and author who ran a New York City architectural practice for over three decades.
Hugh Edward White, was an American architect.
In 2015, the Hartford Courant called the Slater Museum the "crown jewel among Norwich's cultural treasures" and "a masterpiece of Romanesque revival design."
Jürgen Hermann Mayer is a German architect and artist.
Charles Underwood was a builder in Cheltenham who moved to Bristol, where he became a neo-classical architect.
Like his compatriot Tilman-François Suys he was a pupil of Charles Percier and Pierre François Léonard Fontaine.
One or more works in Mordecai Place Historic District, roughly bounded by N. Blount St., Courtland Dr., Old Wake Forest Rd.
Penty's first commission was the Burnholme Social Club in Heworth, York.
90 Commonwealth Avenue, a nine-story 24-unit apartment building
His work is limited because of his early death in 1859, not because he was an unimportant architect.
Thomas Cecil Howitt, OBE an eminent British provincial architect of the 20th Century, was born at Hucknall, near Nottingham.
He rose to prominence with his studies of Islamic decoration at the Alhambra, and the associated publication of his drawings, which pioneered new standards in chromolithography.
His career as an architect spans the change in styles in Finland from the Nordic Classicism of the 1920s to the Modernism of the 1970s.
Eva Buhrich was a German architect and writer who fled Nazi Germany in the 1930s, emigrated to Australia and became a prominent architectural commentator.
Teodoro González de León was a Mexican architect.
Thielemann frequently re-used the original materials during restoration projects and preferred to rebuild in the original style.
José Juan Francisco Alfonso Serrano Cacho is a Mexican architect.
As a member of the Congrès International d'Architecture Moderne he drafted the Doorn Manifesto of the Team 10 architects.
He was also a scholar and prolific essay writer in the field of architectural history.
Richard Upjohn was a British-born American architect who emigrated to the United States and became most famous for his Gothic Revival churches.
Peter Clewes is a Canadian architect and the principal of the Toronto-based firm architectsAlliance.
Scott came from a family of architects.
1934-63, Lecturer at the Architectural Association School
The Brown money enabled Nickerson to travel abroad many times.
Klinklāvs participated in the establishment of Latvian Theater of Montreal.
Munday built several notable public buildings in Newport between 1720 and 1739 helping to modernize the city.
Howard Taylor Fisher was born October 30, 1903, in Chicago, Illinois.
Mansfield Armory, Smythe Park Mansfield, PA, NRHP-listed
He lived and worked in North Carolina from 1962 until his death in 1990.
KPMB Architects is recognized for its commitment to city building and architectural excellence.
She established R. L. Binder FAIA Architects, LLP, in 1979, in Playa del Rey, California.
Edmund Cooper Manfred often referred as E.C.
Among others, Michel Abboud designed the highly controversial Park51 Islamic Cultural Center infamously dubbed the Ground Zero Mosque, and unveiled its design in October 2010.
Lang & Witchell was a prominent architectural firm in Dallas, Texas.
His son, Ted Jr., continues to run his father's golf design firm.
Frederick Henry Herbert was an important and successful architect practicing in Toronto, Ontario in the late 19th Century and early 20th Century.
He spent the formative years of his professional career working for the noted Prairie School architect George Washington Maher.
He died there on April 11, 1917.
One or more works in Haymount Historic District, 100-200 blks Bradford Ave., 801 Hay St., 801, 802, 806 Arsenal Ave. Fayetteville, NC, NRHP-listed
Johnson is known for his Spanish Revival buildings, all in San Diego unless otherwise noted:
A number of his works, alone or with sons, are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
In Oxford, Codd initially lived in Cowley Road.
Aleksandr Mergold is an architect living in the United States.
Rudolph Michael Schindler was an Austrian-born American architect whose most important works were built in or near Los Angeles during the early to mid-twentieth century.
David Hamilton was a Scottish architect based in Glasgow.
From 1917 he was an influential member of the De Stijl movement.
Ormonde, East Lake Road & Ormonde Drive, Cazenovia, New York, 1885–88,, NRHP-listed.
Günay Erdem designed many architectural and urban design projects in 40 different countries.
One or more buildings in the Farmer's and Banker's Historic District, 1st & Market Sts.
Grey was also a noted artist whose paintings are in the permanent collection of the Chicago Art Institute.
Governor's Mansion, 606 Mountain St., Carson City, Nevada, NRHP-listed
Belvedere Hotel, 1 E. Chase St., Baltimore, Maryland, NRHP-listed
Edward Joseph Hansom was an English Victorian architect who specialised in ecclesiastical buildings in Gothic Revival style, including many Roman Catholic churches.
Around these core facilities low income families could construct their own houses.
St. Michael's Protestant Episcopal Church, Parish House and Rectory, Mill & Church Streets, Birdsboro, Pennsylvania, 1885-86,, NRHP-listed.
The following year he served in the brig Taptee under Commander Montriou where he survayed the Concan coast off the coast of Mumbai, India.
Yell County Courthouse, 209 Union St. Dardanelle, AR, NRHP-listed
Born into a working-class family, Kuznetsov independently broke into the elite architecture society of Moscow.
Bishop Daniel S. Tuttle House, 512 N. 8th St., Boise, ID, NRHP-listed
Wilma Theatre, 104 S. Higgins Ave. Missoula, MT, NRHP-listed
Veli Behruz Çinici was a Turkish architect.
He also designed the new Lighthorseman pub at the junction of Fulford Road and New Walk Terrace in the 1870s.
Born in England, he had immigrated to the United States.
In 1875, he designed the gates and lodge at the Ullet Road entrance to Sefton Park.
Carlos Raúl Villanueva Astoul was a Venezuelan Modernist architect.
James I. and Myrta Blake Perkins House, 303 E. 5th St. Rusk, TX, NRHP-listed
Pierre Joseph Édouard Deperthes was a French architect.
In 1942 Green was awarded the Royal Gold Medal of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
Klingmann is currently the architecture department chair at Dar Al-Hekma University.
Born to Cecilia Fehon Teague and Walter Dorwin Teague, Teague attended PS1, then Gow School for Dyslexia and Learning Disabilities.
He heads the architectural practice Tiago do Vale Architects.
Robert Vertue was an English architect and master mason.
Thomas Warren Sears was a noted American landscape architect.
Ludvig Peter Fenger was a Danish architect.
Olin is the founding partner of the landscape architecture and urban design firm OLIN, formerly The Olin Studio.
Florent Nédélec is a registered architect with “l’Ordre des architectes d’Île-de-France” in Paris, France.
John Hemenway Duncan was an American architect.
Seyed Hadi Mirmiran was an Iranian architect, and manager of Naghsh-e Jahan Pars Consulting Company.
Wilson was a principal in the firm of Wilson, Berryman & Kennedy.
Mal died on January 24, 2007 in Nagpur.
There he studied and practised woodworking, wood-carving, and architecture.
His masterpiece is the Selimiye Mosque in Edirne, although his most famous work is the Suleiman Mosque in Istanbul.
In 1956, he won first prize at Erzurum Atatürk University Campus Planning Competition together with Enver Tokay, Hayati Tabanlıoğlu, Ayhan Tayman.
He advanced to being a builder and eventually listed himself in the telephone directory as an architect.
He worked with his uncle Frank E. Edbrooke in Denver, Colorado.
For 2012, Palafox Associates ranks 89th in the list of the world’s largest practices and Top 8 in Leisure projects.
Reed was a member of the American Institute of Architects.
Ludwig Ernst Emil Hoffmann was a German architect and was one of the most famous architects of Berlin.
Thomas Henry Wyatt was an Anglo-Irish architect.
The practice has built a wide range of projects ranging from theatres and museums to offices and educational buildings, many of which have won respected awards.
Her career is widely known for her working qualities that made her oversee many projects across Australia.
Dr. Salsbury's Laboratories, Main Office and Production Laboratory Building, 500 Gilbert St. Charles City, IA, NRHP-listed
She was born in Paris to architect Paul Tournon and painter Élisabeth Branly.
He also joined other architects in joint-venture firms to design housing for war workers as well as other war-related projects.
Father and son were both buried in the church of St Martin-in-the-Fields in Trafalgar Square, London.
Edward Hazlehurst was an American architect based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
A pioneer of modern Philippine architecture, he was recognized in some quarters as the foremost Filipino modernist architect of his time.
He also directed restoration works at Pohick Church beginning in 1901.
Ministry University Cooperation Programs with the Architecture Schools of “A.
His most notable work was perhaps the Manufacturers Trust Company Building.
Walker Hall, SE of Spartanburg on SC 56, Spartanburg, South Carolina
Stoddard County Courthouse, Prairie and Court Sts., Bloomfield, MO, NRHP-listed
Venturi lives in Philadelphia with Denise Scott Brown.
A number of his buildings, including his private residence, have become world-renowned attractions.
Benjamin-Moore-Christovitch Residence, 5531 St. Charles Ave., New Orleans, LA
During 1884–1901 he worked alone as a private architect, and during 1901–1909 he worked with Frederick A. Kendall as partner.
He taught mechanical drawing in Toledo, Ohio, during 1885 to 1892, during which time he became superintendent of the Scott Manual Training School.
Blum studied with his brother at École des Beaux-Arts in Paris.
She is mostly remembered today for designing the so-called Frankfurt kitchen.
He was named to the list of Great Floridians by the Florida Department of State for his agricultural contributions.
Most of his designs are for affordable homes, especially tract housing, with a modern aesthetic.
He designed numerous churches, schools and other buildings in North Carolina.
He was accepted into the architectural academy in Paris in 1920; the following year he was named city architect in his hometown.
He retired completely from architecture in 1955.
Pratt also served on official commissions, and in 1668 was the first English architect to be knighted for his services.
Thomas Lewinski was an architect in Kentucky.
He died of lung fever in 1893, shortly after his wife succumbed to pneumonia.
Henry Flitcroft was a major English architect in the second generation of Palladianism.
Thomas P. Ives House, Providence, Rhode Island
Playing for Slovakia at the Fed Cup, Husárová has a win–loss 17–12.
Stephen Child was an American architect and landscape architect.
Bismarck Civic Auditorium, 201 N. 6th St. Bismarck, ND, NRHP-listed
William S. Kaufman was an American architect known for designing a number of public buildings, primarily in Indiana and Ohio.
Several of his works are individually listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
In March 2013 Nield was appointed the Northern Territory Government Architect.
Vanbrugh was in many senses a radical throughout his life.
Schwarz himself has labeled his work, and that of his eponymous firm, as populist and neo-eclectic in style.
Engine Company 23, 2119 G, NW., Washington, D.C., NRHP-listed
He studied at the Barcelona University School of Architecture and graduated from the School of Geneva.
Hendrik Petrus Berlage was a prominent Dutch architect.
He stood as a Liberal candidate in 1895 and 1900.
Elias Carter was an American architect whose first church design, at Brimfield, was completed in 1805.
Robert David Farquhar was an architect working in California from 1905 to 1940.
He was one of the last masters of Scottish Renaissance architecture, before new styles were imported by his successors.
In 1892, he founded the firm Buechner & Jacobson with partner John H. Jacobson.
William H. Stevens was an American architect from Lewiston, Maine.
He was co-designer of the Richmond Bridge, London.
He worked on a newspaper in Johnsbury and later became editor of the Caledonian.
Originally from Montreal, Clewes studied at the University of Waterloo.
This came shortly after being inducted into UH's Architecture Hall of Fame in 1996.
He designed a wide variety of projects on the most diverse scales: gardens and public parks, industrial districts, hotels and tourist villages, motorways and agricultural areas.
Norfolk Country Club House, Golf Dr., Norfolk, CT, NRHP-listed
Born in Bowdon, Cheshire and raised in Buxton, he trained in Manchester and London before establishing an independent practice in London in 1898.
A former pupil, Richard Hey Sharp, succeeded Phillips until 1827, after which Atkinson's sons, John Bownas Atkinson and William Atkinson assisted their father.
He also designed commercial and public buildings.
Through his work and that of people he trained, his influence carried through the first two decades of the twentieth century.
Later critics of the Baroque, such as Francesco Milizia and the English architect Sir John Soane, were particularly critical of Borromini’s work.
Moody County Courthouse, Pipestone Ave. between Crescent and Wind Sts., Flandreau, SD, NRHP-listed
Virginia Bank and Trust Building, 101 Granby St., Norfolk, VA,
Addison G. Pulsifer was an American architect practicing in Lewiston, Maine.
Residence of Walter Denegre 1892-1929, Louise S. McGehee School since 1929.
Nicholson lived in Blackheath until 1912, and then moved to Southend in Essex.
Saracino's work has been shown in international exhibitions and received reviews in publications such as The New York Times and Architectural Digest.
Westborough State Hospital, along Lyman St. north of Chauncy Lake and jct.
Following service in World War II, Gesner studied architecture at Yale.
Vonnegut had been practicing with a client roster in Indianapolis since 1883 and had previous draftsman experience in the prominent New York firm of George B.
As well as being an architect, Adam was involved in several industrial ventures and improvement schemes, including coal mining, salt panning, stone quarries and mills.
Boyd Georgi was a USC trained California architect with a Southern California practice in modernism that spanned from residential works to schools and libraries.
Later he associated with his son Charles Matthias B..
Don Raúl Fajardo Moreno was a Colombian architect in Medellín.
Norman Morrison Isham was a prominent architectural historian, author, and professor at Brown University and RISD.
Lewis-Nevala Homestead, Address Restricted, Belt, MT, NRHP-listed
Notable as a pioneer of the curtain wall design, he was once described as "the Frank Lloyd Wright of Kansas City", Missouri.
Apartment House 204 Laurier Ave. E., Ottawa – 1913
The firm disbanded in 1856, when Niernsee was made architect of the capitol of South Carolina.
He then studied architecture under his uncle, Edward Dow, an architect, in Concord, New Hampshire.
Kohler Company Factory Complex, 444 Highland Dr., Kohler, Wisconsin, NRHP-listed
In 1883 Louis Sullivan was added to Adler's architectural firm, creating the Adler & Sullivan partnership.
McGuire House, Prairie Style, 1132 East 18th Street, Tulsa, OK
He was born in 1781 to Timothy and Sarah Carter in Ward, a village of Auburn, Massachusetts.
Several of Hartwell & Swasey's buildings were designed in Ruskinian Gothic Revival style, featuring polychrome brick and carved stone details.
North Avenue Presbyterian Church, 607 Peachtree Ave., NE Atlanta, GA, NRHP-listed
Margaret Helfand was a Manhattan-based New York architect and urban planner who served as president of the New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
Newberger House, 1640 Palmer Ave. New Orleans, LA, NRHP-listed
Edward George Bruton was a British Gothic Revival architect who practised in Oxford.
Saenger Theatre, 118 S. Palafox St. Pensacola, FL, NRHP-listed
Eden was a member of the Art Workers Guild.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Several of their buildings are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Wright-Harriss Bellamy House, renovation from Italianate to Queen Anne style
Rectory and Church of the Immaculate Conception, North St., Norfolk, CT, NRHP-listed
Projects by Tezuka Architects include the Roof House, Echigo-Matsunoyama Museum of Natural Science, Fuji Kindergarten and Woods of Net.
While working on that commission, he was asked to design the Savannah Custom House in Savannah, Georgia, which was built from 1848 to 1852.
He is buried in St Sepulchre's Cemetery, Oxford.
John Welch was an architect and builder of Brooklyn, New York who designed numerous churches.
Bell Bomber Plant, now Lockheed Georgia at Dobbins Air Reserve Base, Marietta, Georgia
Welton David Becket was an American architect who designed many buildings in Los Angeles, California.
He is a full professor at the Illinois Institute of Technology.
Carl Herget Mansion, 420 Washington St. Pekin, IL, NRHP-listed
Wimberly came to Hawaii in 1940 as a "journeyman architect doing naval work at Pearl Harbor."
Sargent Bridge, Dawson St. over the Middle Loup River, 1 mi.
He died at his home in Bedford Hills, New York, called Cedarknoll, at the age of 69.
Washington High School, 315 S. Main, Sioux Falls, SD, NRHP-listed
At the age of 17, Ricardo Bofill designed his first project, a summer home in Ibiza, and by 23, became lead architect of el Taller.
He worked together with his architect brother Fremont D. Orff, who also partnered with Edgar E. Joralemon as Orff & Joraleman.
Hopffgarten House, 1115 W. Boise Ave., Boise, ID, NRHP-listed
Frederick Carles Merry, AIA, was an American architect active in late-nineteenth-century New York City.
Dorland Memorial Presbyterian Church, Bridge St. at Meadow Ln., Hot Springs, N.C.,
In 1986, he left to help form a separate practice, Wallman Clewes Bergman.
Teague married fellow Art Student's League painter, Mary Lee Abbott on March 2, 1943.
Saratoga Victory Mill, 1821 Gunter Ave. Guntersville, AL, NRHP-listed
He won the competition to design the memorial in 2004.
Georg Theodor Policron Chiewitz was a Swedish architect and engineer.
One or more works in Great Falls Central Business Historic District, Second Ave.N, First Ave.N, Central Ave., First Ave S. Great Falls, MT, NRHP-listed
Rossiter purchased the house in 1919 for his own use and renamed it Edgewood.
Nitzchke was born in Altona, Germany, and grew up in Switzerland.
Administration Building of the Spring Hill College Quadrangle, 4307 Old Shell Road, Mobile, Alabama, NRHP-listed
Hare & Hare was a landscape architecture firm in Kansas City, Missouri.
Agustín Goovaerts was a Belgian architect and engineer, born in Schaerbeek, Brussels in 1885.
Peter Harrison died in New Haven, Connecticut in 1775 and is buried in an unmarked grave at the New Haven Green.
Helen French was born Helen Douglass in Arlington, Massachusetts in 1900.
All these buildings are designated Grade II Listed buildings by English Heritage.
Herbert E. Matz, AIA, was a minor American architect practicing in New York City in the mid twentieth century.
It was the largest and most important commission of his career.
It is possible that he also worked on the redesign of the south west section of Temple Newsam House, near Leeds.
Sproatt parted ways in 1896 and formed a new firm in 1899 with Ernest Ross Rolph, Sproatt & Rolph.
He gained Diploma in Architecture in 2002 from the Faculty of Architecture, University of Belgrade.
From 1889 he was associated with the government Office of Works in London, and from 1914 was its Chief Architect.
US Post Office-Bronxville, built 1937, Pondfield Rd., Bronxville, NY, NRHP-listed
In 1925, he married Mildred Sterling, and in 1931 his father-in-law, Ross S. Sterling, became governor of Texas.
She was also the wife of architect Stanisław Brukalski.
His most famous work was the remodelling of 10 Downing Street in 1766–1775.
Peabody Elementary School, 2086 Young Ave. Memphis, TN, NRHP-listed
His building designs are strongly influenced by his interest in historic architecture.
Robin F. Levitt is an American architect and political activist.
One or more works in Country Club Historic District, roughly bounded by 1st and 4th Aves., Race and Downing Sts., Denver, Colorado, NRHP-listed
Frank W. Gibb was an architect in Little Rock, Arkansas.
His work transcended mainstream Modernisme, culminating in an organic style inspired by natural forms.
Mónica Ponce de León is a Venezuelan American architect, educator, and Dean of the School of Architecture at Princeton University.
As the borough architect of Swansea, buildings he designed include:
Blackwell, and Slater and Halliberton; and the Durham Baptist Church."
During World War I, Wells served with the 307th Engineers, attached to the 82nd Division, serving 22 months, with 13 in France.
Kokomo High School and Memorial Gymnasium, 303 E Superior St. and 400 Apperson Way N Kokomo, IN, NRHP-listed
Roper Hospital, Queen St., Charleston, South Carolina
He worked creatively until 1969, age 86.
Pierre Francis Koenig was an American architect and a Professor of Architecture at the University of Southern California.
It was only in the 1950s, toward the end of his career, that he created buildings that were purely modern in design.
He created his own agency in Paris in 1984.
He came to Morgantown in 1893 and set up business.
Among his surviving projects are 20 East 69th Street, 829 Madison Avenue, and Astor Row.
They designed schools, libraries, and other buildings that were built by New Deal programs.
Philip Jackson was a British Royal Navy lieutenant, who laid out the city plan for Singapore in 1822.
George W. Clayton Trust and College, 3801 Martin Luther King Blvd., Denver, Colorado, NRHP-listed
He is also credited as the architect of Sacred Heart Catholic Church and of the Main Building of St. Edward's University in Austin, Texas.
John Wind designed the Greenwood, Susina, Oak Lawn, Pebble Hill, Eudora and Fair Oaks monumental plantation houses, the Thomas county courthouse and a few in-town cottages.
His brothers Charles Underwood and George Allen Underwood were also architects.
Central Fire Station, 427 Laurel St. Baton Rouge, LA, NRHP-listed
Mount Pleasant Armory, Eagle and Spring Sts., Mount Pleasant, Pennsylvania, NRHP-listed
He was the father of three architects; John, Robert and James, the last two were the developers of the "Adam style".
J. W. Gerber House, 324 W. Main St., NRHP-listed
Their work includes the VW and Bentley Pavilions at Autostadt; Ripley's Believe It or Not!
Buildings designed by Grove which survive and are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places include:
David S. Castle House, 1742 N. Second St. Abilene, TX
Best-Cannon House, 1146 S. 900 East, Salt Lake City, NRHP-listed
François also produced many plans for a variety of clients in his work as an architect.
Born in Tehran in 1938, he was educated in Iran, France, and Italy.
Healey Building, 57 Forsyth St., Atlanta, Georgia, NRHP-listed
Daniels began studying architecture as an undergraduate at Princeton University and went on to get his Master's degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Gospel Hill Historic District, Roughly bounded by E. Beverly, N. Market, E. Frederick and Kalorama Sts., Staunton, Virginia, NRHP-listed
He was the father of William W. Fife, another Utah architect.
He practiced in New York City from 1881 to c.1891, and after that was based in Chicago, Illinois.
Revival and development of traditional architecture through research and studies.
Wilbur R. Ingalls, Jr., was an American architect from the state of Maine.
He was a founding partner of the Providence, Rhode Island firm of Stone, Carpenter & Willson.
Secor Hotel, 413–423 Jefferson Ave., Toledo, NRHP-listed
He practiced in Bridgeport, Connecticut and was prominent in that city in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
U.S. Post Office - Planetarium Station, New York, NY
Christoph Kohl is an architect and urban planner.
He established himself as an architect in the early 1890s.
Twigg Brown are a London-based architecture practice.
Many of his buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
His address was 29 Woodcote Avenue, Wallington, Surrey.
He also designed the Memorial Union at Oregon State University.
Brown Building, 105 S Broadway St., Wichita, Kansas, NRHP-listed
His work included large public buildings as well as hotels and department stores and he has been recognised as one of Japan's modern masters.
He later partnered with Henry F. Hoit as Howe, Hoit & Cutler.
Axel Hampus Dalström, born 22 March 1829, died 19 March 1882, was a Finnish architect.
The firm continued under Ernest Rolph until 1942 and then taken over by his son Charles Beverley Sproatt from 1958 until 1970.
Auburn & 10—12 Arrow Sts., Cambridge, MA NRHP-listed
Leandro Valencia Locsin was a Filipino architect, artist, and interior designer known for his use of concrete, floating volume and simplistic design in his various projects.
He designed projects such as the Spaarbank in Rotterdam, office-building De Utrecht in Rotterdam and the Children's health-centre in Arnhem.
He designed many buildings that were later listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places for their architecture.
In 1902, John Jacobson died, so Buechner formed a new partnership with Henry W. Orth, a recent Norwegian immigrant.
Some of his work is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Rieman's works are known for arched baroque style gables and onion domes.
One or more works in Findlay Downtown Historic District, roughly along Main, W. Sandusky and W. Main Cross Sts.
In 1760 the master builder of Bidstrup Manor died and Mørup was tasked with finishing the project.
Breezy Hill, 1220 N. Augusta St., Staunton, Virginia, NRHP-listed
One or more works in Mendon Center Historic District, roughly bounded by Main, Hastings, Maple, North, Washington & George Sts., Mendon, MA, NRHP-listed
His supervisor was Benjamin Henry Latrobe, II,, later supervising engineer on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,, son of an equally famous architect, Benjamin Henry Latrobe,.
He also worked on the buildings for Richard Lane's Cheadle Royal Lunatic Asylum
He was married to Lady Majorie Sheppard who survived him.
He shot himself in a fit of despondency, dying on February 28, 1893.
While in Ateneo he joined the school band, and was quite active in basketball.
Paul László or Paul Laszlo was a Hungarian-born modern architect and interior designer whose work spanned eight decades and many countries.
He designed the West Norway Museum of Decorative Art in the Renaissance Revival style.
He is a Senior Partner at Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners, previously known as the Richard Rogers Partnership.
Chariton Masonic Temple, 821 Armory Ave., Chariton, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Harley Swedler is a New York-based architect, designer and author.
Doris Cole, FAIA, is an American architect and author.
His father James Murray was a master wright and was appointed Overseer of the King's Works in Scotland in 1601.
Vlado Gorišek, known as Lado Gorišek, was a Slovenian civil engineer, constructor, and architect.
He later worked in the Gothic style.
He was identified as a landscape architect with the Civilian Conservation Corps.
He worked for a time in partnership with James E. Fuller, under the firm "Earle & Fuller".
Douglas William Orr was an American architect based in New Haven, Connecticut.
St. Leonard's Catholic Church, 502–504 S. Nebraska St., Madison, NE, NRHP-listed
One or more works in West Nash Street Historic District, West Nash St. Wilson, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Later they produced some buildings In the West 72nd Street area.
Owings viewed skyscrapers as his firm's specialty.
William L. Perkins was an American architect of Chariton, Iowa.
Jerusalem Temple of the Shriners of New Orleans, 1137 St. Charles Ave., New Orleans, LA
Eric McMillan, is a Canadian designer who began his career designing exhibitions.
Moloney Electric Company Building, 1141-1151 S. 7th St. St. Louis
"Architecturally, the result [the Suburb] is an outstanding success.
He designed approximately 75 schools, some nearly identical.
He helped his father on numerous courses until forming his own firm in 1974.
He led many "restorations" of the rich Gothic architectural heritage of his native city.
Sir David Frank Adjaye OBE RA is a Ghanaian British architect.
Smith & Carrier was an architectural partnership based in Asheville, North Carolina.
Don Charles Albinson was an American industrial designer who made many contributions to the world of furniture.
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l National Park Service.
Kelly was regarded as the leading architectural historian in Connecticut.
Jean Dubuisson was a French architect who is regarded as one of the leading practitioners of the French post-World War II years.
According to Cumrine, Greer was born on 6 August 1885 and moved with his family to Atlanta, Georgia, in 1893.
The firm was known for its Gothic Revival design work.
World War Memorial Building at 510 Fourth Avenue, Devils Lake
A biography, Montezuma W. Fuller: A history of his life and architectural practice, by Elizabeth A Bacon, is out of print.
He joined the practice in 1977, moving to Hong Kong in 1979 to oversee the design and construction of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation’s headquarters.
With the retirement of John Poetz in 1894/1895, the firm was restructured as Cutter & Malmgren.
He was the brother of the artist Bernhard Greve, and was the cousin of the architect Bredo Greve and the weaving and tapestry expert Ulrikke Greve.
Born in New York City, Fielding graduated from Germantown Academy in 1883 and studied architecture at MIT.
Bavarian architect Robert Vorhoelzer belongs to the classical modernist school of architecture that is otherwise rather underrepresented in Bavaria.
Louis Allmendiger, AIA, was an American architect practicing in New York City in the early twentieth century.
Based in Paris, she is a founding partner and director of AWP Paris.
He was well known for his facility of drawing and gift for designing buildings in a variety of styles.
Gilardi’s legacy survives in public buildings like Moscow Orphanage, Widows’ House, Catherine’s Institute and the Old Hall of Moscow University.
New York State Pavilion at the 1964/1965 World's Fair 
He also designed the mausoleum of King Frederick IX at Roskilde Cathedral.
Dr. Ashkouri worked with Hisham Munir and Associates in Iraq before coming to the United States.
Horace Trumbauer was a prominent American architect of the Gilded Age, known for designing residential manors for the wealthy.
One or more works in Whiskey Row Historic District, 101-133 W. Main St., Louisville, Kentucky, NRHP-listed
He lay there for hours before being sent to hospital.
William Butterfield was a Gothic Revival architect and associated with the Oxford Movement.
Norman Jewson was an English architect-craftsman of the Arts and Crafts movement, who practised in the Cotswolds.
One of his most famous is the Desilver house, built in 1961.
Thomas Alexander Heatherwick, CBE, RDI, HonFREng is an English designer and the founder of London-based design practice Heatherwick Studio.
He increasingly concentrated on designing church fittings and stained glass.
He designed buildings in Katowice, Warsaw, and in Beirut, Lebanon.
She was the city's first woman Director of Architecture.
William Wilson Fife was a 19th-century architect of Richardsonian Romanesque in Ogden, Utah.
Emil Belluš was a Slovak functionalist architect.
Low House, Highfield Rd., Norfolk, CT, NRHP-listed
Theodore Wells Pietsch was a well-known American architect, best remembered for a large body of work in and around Baltimore, Maryland.
He was elected ARIBA in 1910, having been articled to John Sewell Corder, and started his own practice in Ipswich in 1912.
Blairsville Armory, 119 N. Walnut St., Blairsville, Pennsylvania, NRHP-listed
Henri Ciriani is a Peruvian architect and teacher.
His brother Lee Mason Fitzhugh was also a noted architect who designed the First United Methodist Church, Glendale, AZ
Cubitt's philosophy was laid out in his book, Church Design for Congregations.
Following this, he was commissioned to design a fountain for the High Court of Australia in Canberra, a cascade beside the ceremonial ramp.
Lloyd Titus was an American architect who designed at least 10 buildings that are preserved and listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Serra Museum in Presidio Park, 1929
He is especially well-known for his two masterpieces, Massey College and Trent University's riverside campus.
Denise Scott Brown is an American architect, planner, writer, educator, and principal of the firm Venturi, Scott Brown and Associates in Philadelphia.
He was a Fellow of the Royal Victorian Institute of Architects.
Henley Street Bridge, in Knoxville, Tennessee, designed in 1930
Alexander Chadbourne Eschweiler was an American architect with a practice in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
He died unexpectedly at Preston, Lancashire in November 1790, while travelling to Glasgow to consult on plans for a prison there.
His brother, Ben Weese, is also a renowned architect.
Sulphur Armory, 500 W. Wynnewood Ave., Sulphur, OK NRHP-listed
He died in hospital in Ottawa, Ontario in July 23, 1956 at 68 after a short illness.
Raymond Tait Affleck was a Canadian architect.
Augusta County Courthouse, 1 E. Johnson St., Staunton, Virginia, NRHP-listed
Ralph Loring was an architect of Lewiston, Idaho.
Rifat Chadirji's architecture is inspired by the characteristics of regional Iraqi architecture, and the time tested intelligence inherent in it.
He entered a partnership with George W. Conable in 1908.
He was identified as a landscape architect.
Moojen was interested in Indonesian culture, especially the ancient monuments.
He was a faculty member at the School of Architecture, Chinese University of Hong Kong.
He died and was buried in Woodbury, Connecticut in 1927.
Wilmington Amtrak Station, Front & French Streets, Wilmington, Delaware, 1908,, NRHP-listed.
Two roads in the estate, Charlesville and Reedville, are named after him.
Thomas James Waters was an Irish civil engineer and architect.
This work led to his nickname of "King of Waterscapes."
In the 1880s Kühnel moved to Aarhus to work as inspector for Vilhelm Theodor Walther on the restoration of Aarhus Cathedral.
Poole is listed in a Manhattan city directory as an architect in 1887, when he was 27, suggesting that he may have had a substantial apprenticeship.
The company first won the contract to design the church of St. Stephen-in-the-Fields.
One or more works in Delphi Courthouse Square Historic District, roughly bounded by Monroe, s. side of Main, w. side of Market and Indiana Sts.
His most noted work can be found in Helsinki, which he helped rebuild as the new capital of the newly founded Grand Duchy of Finland.
He is a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects residing in suburban Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
Rondelet published a treatise on architecture between 1805 and 1816.
of Main & Craig St. Como, MS, NRHP-listed
He maintained offices in Atlanta and New York City.
While continuing his private practice, he served as a design critic and professor of architecture at Yale School of Architecture from 1947 to 1957.
Ithiel Town was a prominent American architect and civil engineer.
Ivan Aleksandrovich Fomin was a Russian architect and educator.
David Ivanovich Grimm was a Russian architect, educator and historian of art of Byzantine Empire, Georgia and Armenia.
One or more works in Brimfield Center Historic District, Main St., Brookfield, Wales, Sturbridge and Warren Rds., Brimfield, MA, NRHP-listed
Richard Taliaferro, born about 1705, lived most of his adult life at his plantation, Powhatan, in James City County outside Williamsburg.
He was a member of the American Institute of Architects from 1911 to 1914.
She was an independent person and pursued her goals with determination.
He partnered with William J. Wilkins during 1919 to 1920.
Fidelity Mutual Life Building, in Gothic Revival architecture
Two years later, Mr. Stoner arrived in the San Francisco bay area and began working for architect Charles McCall in Oakland.
He is also professor of The Bartlett School of Architecture, a part of University College London.
W. & G. Audsley was the architectural practice founded in Liverpool by Scottish Brothers William James Audsley and George Ashdown Audsley.
In 1934, as chief engineer for the City of New York Department of Parks & Recreation, Praeger surveyed all New York City parks.
MIT Museum calls her “one of the most important female architects in the Northeast during the 1960s and 1970s”.
He is the author of such books as Regenerative Design for Sustainable Development and Design for Human Ecosystems.
Hans Christian Amberg was a Danish architect.
He was the father of Oscar Benes, chief architect of Bârlad.
Louis Sauer, FAIA, is an American architect and design theorist.
Vlastimil Koubek was a Czech American architect who designed more than 100 buildings, most of them in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area.
He also built 4 cinemas in Glasgow; The Toledo in Muirend, The Vogue in Anniesland, the Boulevard in Knightswood and the Hippodrome in Oatlands.
Racine Depot, 1402 Liberty St., Racine, WI, NRHP-listed
Through their mother they were great-great nephews of the diarist Samuel Pepys.
He worked at the Tuskegee Institute, and practiced in both Memphis and Chicago.
Lee frequently used the Art Deco style to modernize theaters designed in more traditional styles.
With his studio he designed the Erasmus Bridge in Rotterdam, the Mercedes-Benz Museum in Stuttgart, Germany and other building.
Count Nicodemus Tessin the Younger was a Swedish Baroque architect, city planner, and administrator.
Both were amongst the co-founders of what became the Royal Institute of British Architects.
After the return to Classicism in the Soviet Union, Vesnin had no further major projects.
In 2011, Stern was honored with the renowned Driehaus Architecture Prize for his achievements in contemporary classical architecture.
Charles Buek was a developer and architect in New York City in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
She designed a variety of projects in New York with her firm Edelman Sultan Knox Wood/Architects.
Mardel is primarily remembered for his role in the reconstruction effort after the 1755 Lisbon earthquake.
Mayo Hotel, 115 W. 5th Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma, NRHP-listed
After studying architecture and town planning at Regent Street Polytechnic School in London in post-war England, Robbie began his professional career with British Rail in 1951.
During that period he designed or supervised design of many courthouses, post offices and other public buildings.
Holy Hill, 1525 Carmel Rd., Erin, Wisconsin, NRHP-listed
Her sister Josephine and brother James Gaither also worked in the business.
He co-authored Urban Design Manhattan, an influential book advocating distinctive skyscrapers and design in Manhattan.
He is credited with more than 20 buildings that are preserved and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Both women were articled to Sir Ernest George and Peto, the architectural practice of Ernest George and Harold Peto.
Quincy Electric Light and Power Company Station, 76 Field St. Quincy, MA, NRHP-listed
Charles Kirk was a builder and architect who worked on many buildings in Sleaford and South Lincolnshire, England.
She is co-director, with Josep Maria Montaner, of the Máster Laboratory of the House of the 21st century of the Polytechnic University of Catalonia.
Antoine Predock is an American architect based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
He later studied at Harvard University and at the Royal College of Art in England.
He served in World War I as a 31st Aero Squadron lieutenant and was the first officer of that rank from Queens to be sent abroad.
Reidy graduated and became an architect in 1930.
The rear elevation included fourth story, one more than in the front of the house, to allow a view of Mount Greylock 12 miles away.
Samuel Burleigh Gabriel was a Victorian architect who practised in Bristol.
Differently from majority of other architects and landscape architects Günay Erdem dissolves the boundaries of these two disciplines in his designs.
Stuart W. Cramer High School in Belmont, NC, which includes Cramerton in its attendance district, was named for him.
In his words, "Niemeyer and his circle pretended that such commodification did not exist, but ended up, by default, endorsing it.
His most famous work is the Grand Hôtel Cascade in Imatra.
Ivan Mercep ONZM was a New Zealand architect.
He designed both residences and commercial structures.
She first joined the CCA as Curator for Contemporary Architecture in 2005.
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Building, 1304 Vandercook Way Longview, WA, NRHP-listed
Completed in 1989, the CCA received the Honor Award for Architecture from the American Institute of Architects and the Governor General's Medals in Architecture in 1992.
It was a partnership of Charles W. Barrett and Frank K. Thomson.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
James H Craigie was a member of Cathcart Parish Council from 1913 and was its chairman in 1922–23.
In 2013 his last book, "On Life and Architecture", was published by the Royal Incorporation of Architects in Scotland.
Payne's greatest achievement is undoubtedly his design of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Brisbane.
Latvian architect Karl Felsko worked for von der Hude and Hennicke in the 1860s.
Clinton Campbell was a "locally prominent builder" who worked in Phoenix, Arizona.
Edward C. Jones was an American architect from Charleston, South Carolina.
He moved his architectural practice from city to city numerous times during his career, and was a partner in five different partnerships, all of them short-lived.
Stjepan Gomboš was a Croatian Jewish architect responsible for the design of many business and residential buildings throughout the city of Zagreb.
Funds ran out and he went to work as an interior designer for Marshall Fields & Company department store.
It later became John B. Snook & Sons after three of his sons and a son-in-law joined the firm.
His father was the well known modern architect Guillermo Bermúdez Umaña and her mother Graciela Samper Gnecco.
He created the site plan for the redevelopment of Rosslyn, Virginia, and his Ames Center anchored the area's economic recovery.
Douglas Babbington Gardiner was an Australian architect active in the mid 20th century as a partner of Bates Smart & McCutcheon.
The building in 2001 was in a deteriorating, derelict state when Aberdeen bar and nightclub operators, The Epic Group bought the building.
Alfred N. Beadle V was an American modernist architect active in Phoenix, Arizona.
One or more works in Macon Historic District, NRHP-listed
George John Skipper was a leading Norwich based architect of the late Victorian and Edwardian period.
Quinnipiac Brewery, 19-23 River St., New Haven, Connecticut, NRHP-listed
The State Register of the National Heritage, Kiev, 1999;
He designed a large number of buildings in his Malayan home town, Ipoh.
Ehrick attended The Gunnery school in Washington, Connecticut, graduating in 1871.
FAIA was a Danish architect, designer and educator.
He graduated from the University of Georgia and Yale Law School.
Shortly afterward, he was able to reconnect with his father, who took John under his wing.
Maria Pellot, AIA is an American architect and Associate Principal at UrbanWorks, Ltd. a Chicago-based architecture, interiors, and urban planning firm.
As Mary Crowley, working with Cecil George Kemp, she designed three houses at 102, 104 and 106 Orchard Road, Tewin, Hertfordshire, in 1935–36.
Professor of Architecture, Faculty of Architecture, Islamic Azad
He was the partner of his brother Thomas Paty in some of his building developments.
In 1994 he was elected into the National Academy of Design.
He retired from Warren and Mahoney in 1994, but continues to consult as an architect and maintain his historic home and garden at Ohinetahi.
The other concentrated group of mural tablets by Jackson is to be found in the antechapel of Wadham College in Oxford.
His church at Littlemore for Newman became a model for other churches.
was featured in Scientific American Building Edition.
Garner Building, 222-224 E. 2nd St., Ottumwa, IA, NRHP-listed
Coulter was born in Norwich, Connecticut to William and Hanna Coulter.
SAVE Britain's Heritage responded by supporting a campaign for the building's retention.
Miller and Colmesnil hired teenaged Timothy L. Pflueger in 1907 to help as a draftsman in the office.
Born in Birkenhead, England he immigrated to Canada as a young man first settling in Montreal.
He married the English painter Renée Finch in London in 1913.
Upon the death of Thomas A. Tefft, Morse became the city's most sought-after architect.
He established his own firm in Savannah, Georgia.
Bashirul Haq is a Bangladeshi architect, planner and educator.
Antigo Depot, 522 Morse St., Antigo, WI, NRHP-listed
Sir William Chambers RA was a Scottish-Swedish architect, based in London.
In 1881, Hartwell formed a partnership with William Cummings Richardson – Hartwell and Richardson – that lasted until his death.
Reidy entered the Escola Nacional de Belas Artes in Rio de Janeiro at age 17.
Among those completed designs was the INC's central office in Quezon City.
Boutcher & Co. was the sole Penang-based architectural company to have been resuscitated after the European war.
Matthews-Atwood House, 307 N. Sherman, Ennis, TX, NRHP-listed
Sir Thomas Graham Jackson, 1st Baronet RA was one of the most distinguished English architects of his generation.
Eric Ross Arthur, CC was a Canadian architect, writer and educator.
Dundy County Courthouse, W. 7th Ave. and Chief St., Benkelman, Nebraska, NRHP-listed
Julius Scheibe Cottage, 815 College Avenue, Des Moines, Iowa, NRHP-listed
She worked principally from Kansas City, Missouri but designed throughout the United States.
Louise Blanchard Bethune was the first American woman known to have worked as a professional architect.
Rafael Mijares Alcérreca is a Mexican architect and painter.
He also created many war cemeteries in Belgium and northern France for the Imperial War Graves Commission.
How professional is it to turn away someone with $300,000 and say, ‘I can’t work with you unless you have $800,000’.’’
Nikola Hajdin also designed bridge which was built in 2007 in Poland - the Solidarity Bridge in Płock over the Vistula River.
Reuben Broadbent was a pioneer architect in Utah.
Richard Cotsman Wright was a Canadian architect who served as Chief Dominion Architect from 1918-1927.
He developed One 7th Avenue South, and created and co-owns the restaurant Hotel Griffou, and the fashion label Karolina Zmarlak.
He was also the author of two books, Modern Schoolhouses and Schoolhouses and Their Equipment.
During his tenure at SOM from 1995-2013, he created architectural projects in over 20 cities on five continents.
The current ADC Theatre used by the Cambridge University Amateur Dramatic Club in Park Street, central Cambridge, was designed by Harold Tomlinson and W.P.
John Leopold Denman friba was an architect from the English seaside resort of Brighton, now part of the city of Brighton and Hove.
Thomas Penson, or Thomas Penson the younger was the county surveyor of Denbighshire and Montgomeryshire.
The Wissahickon Course at the Philadelphia Cricket Club is dedicated to Tillinghast, who designed the course in 1920.
Vincenzo Brenna was an Italian architect and painter who was the house architect of Paul I of Russia.
In 1906, White was murdered by millionaire Harry Kendall Thaw over White's relationship with Thaw's wife, actress Evelyn Nesbit.
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 2704 Monroe St. Toledo, OH, NRHP-listed
Jones P. Veazie House, 88 Fountain St. Bangor, ME, NRHP-listed
Architect Eliza Newkirk Rogers worked for Howe before starting her own practice in 1913.
D. W. Newcomer's Sons Funeral Home, 1331 Brush Creek Kansas City, MO, NRHP-listed
Miller moved to Burlingame in the 1920s with his wife Florence G. Miller.
Polk and Chatterjee left the firm in 1961, moving their new office to Calcutta named Chatterjee and Polk.
Alexander Parris was a prominent American architect-engineer.
He is buried in Green-Wood Cemetery, Brooklyn.
Elmer F. Jacobs was a Morgantown, West Virginia-based architect.
Simon was educated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
It was demolished in the 1960s to make way for a parking lot.
Storey was inspired to become an architect after visiting the World's Columbian Exposition as a child.
Many of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Edward James Willson, F.S.A.,, was an English architect, antiquary, architectural writer and mayor of Lincoln in 1851-2.
Francis Conroy Sullivan was a Canadian architect.
Valley County Courthouse, 16th St. between L and M Sts.
He set up a practice there, beginning with designing the Perry's department store in Benoni.
His last major commission was the Queen Mary.
Saint Andrew's Chapel on Washington Mountain Rd.
Francisco J. Serrano y Alvarez de la Rosa was a Mexican civil engineer and architect.
He is a graduate of Yokohama National University, and is director of his own firm, Office of Ryue Nishizawa, established in 1997.
John Cresswell Parkin CC OOnt was a Canadian architect.
He was one of the gentleman architects who helped define the architectural style that was fashionable after the Restoration.
George Corson was a Scottish architect active in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
His trademark is an etching or carving of a hare that he included in every building.
Rogier van der Heide is a designer born in the Netherlands who currently lives in Liechtenstein.
From 1901 until 1948 his main residence was on Negro Island, near Boothbay Harbor, Maine.
He established his own practice Owen Luder Partnership in 1957, and left in 1987 to form the consultancy Communication In Construction.
The son was given basic training with his father, and then in 1885 articled with John Burnet & Son in Glasgow, Scotland.
Architectural and Urbanistic Heritage of Hetmanate Period: Creation, Research, Preservation, Kiev, 2001;
His lifetime saw intense and important changes for Turkish history and culture.
He designed the F. Rheinstein and Company Building, the New Hanover County Courthouse, and Brunswick City Hall.
He designed several large Manhattan churches and a number of prominent residences and institutional buildings.
He worked alone and in partnership with John H. Kent and Menno S. Detweiler.
He rebuilt the naves of the churches of St Michael, Kirkham, and St John the Baptist, Broughton, and also added a façade to Thurnham Hall.
The firm also has offices in Calgary, Victoria, BC, London, Berlin, Beijing, and Abu Dhabi, UAE.
Adam designed interiors and fittings as well as houses.
The Zwolestraat Development in Scheveningen, The Hague, with David Porter: 500 apartments, hotel, school hostel, landscape etc.
As well, awards for Yonge-Dundas Square were received from Canadian Architect [2] and Progressive Architecture.
James Kellaway Colling or J. K. Colling was a London architect, watercolour artist and noted book illustrator.
He immigrated to the US in 1886 and designed paper mills in the eastern U.S and Canada.
Radcliffe designed the Isaac Staples House in Stillwater, Minnesota, in 1875.
Born in Exeter, his father was a Town Councillor and Guardian.
Douglas Dobell Ellington was an American architect who is noted for his work in the Art Deco style.
Albert Ross attended grammar school in Westfield and later in Davenport, Iowa, where he went on to high school, finishing in 1884.
He lived in Brooklyn, where he was active in horticulture with a lot of success.
She designed a house in Kent, England, called 'Red Willows' in 1933.
His books include "Kahn at Penn'" and 2 novels, The Ravine and The Architect.
He holds a PhD degree from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Architecture.
She studied architecture in the Barcelona School of Architecture.
Edward Irving Nickerson was an American architect from Providence, Rhode Island.
Restoration and rehabilitation of traditional buildings and houses.
Since 1975 he has been a faculty member of the Universidad de Los Andes teaching at the Department of Architecture and Design.
Arthur Benison Hubback was a British architect and soldier who designed several important buildings in British Malaya.
Often-employed photographers included Robert R. Blanch, Jim Forney, Samuel H. Gottscho, Ernest Graham, Rudi Rada, Ezra Stoller and Earl Struck.
In 1912 he became head partner of the firm Mills, Rhines, Bellman & Nordhoff.
During World War I he served with the London Rifle Brigade.
Ray Hole Architects is an English architectural practice, based in Croydon, specialising in cultural and leisure-based projects.
His bungalow style homes are in the Elizabeth, Dilworth, and Plaza-Midwood sections of Charlotte.
Jacobson was a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Knud Arne Petersen was a Danish architect and director of Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen from 1899 to 1940.
He wrote the chief essay for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's exhibition "Art and the Empire City: New York, 1825-1861" in 2000.
Carl Moritz was a German architect and real-estate entrepreneur.
Ronald William Brunskill OBE was an English academic who was Reader in Architecture at the University of Manchester.
Swan was an architect for the international architectural and engineering firm Skidmore, Owing and Merrill for thirty five years.
While he was the director, he commented on the Treaty of Lausanne by saying, "Treaty was worthless and the Turks untrustworthy".
His work followed trends in Victorian style, evolving from the Greek Revival to Second Empire to Richardsonian Romanesque.
Walker O. Cain NA was a prize-winning American architect.
He studied fine arts at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris, and earned a degree in architecture from University of Tehran.
Saint Joseph 1930 Hospital, 715 Grand, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico, NRHP-listed
In 2006, he was named Artist of the Year by the city of Milwaukee.
McHugh-Andrews House, 202 Remington St. Fort Collins, CO, NRHP-listed
Vogue named Saracino "among the most prolific Italian designers abroad."
Municipal Building, 204 N. West Ave. El Dorado, AR, NRHP-listed
Perhaps his most famous commission was Government House in Toronto, designed in a style reminiscent of French châteaux.
Newark Orphan Asylum, now known as Eberhardt Hall, New Jersey Institute of Technology, High and Bleeker Sts., Newark, New Jersey, NRHP-listed
Bontempi was awarded the 12th Driehaus Architecture Prize at a ceremony in the Murphy Auditorium of Chicago on March 29, 2014.
He was transferred back to the mainland in 1936.
Paul Lester Wiener was an American architect and urban planner.
The Walnut, a National Historic Landmark, is the oldest theater in the United States in continuous operation.
However, the existence of such groups has been debated.
James W. Naughton was an American architect, serving as the Superintendent of Buildings for the Board of Education of the City of Brooklyn.
The Historical and Urbanistic Researches: Sumy, Myrgorod, Korets;
He is based in New York City.
Milena was a Czech refugee of the Kindertransport.
At least two of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
He is Associate Professor of Historic Preservation at Columbia University Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation.
He is the Principal Architect-Urban Planner and Founder of Palafox Associates,
He became noted for his use of iron-frame construction and was one of the first to realize the importance of its use.
He previously worked as a development consultant, assistant chief architect, and project manager at major architectural and real estate services firms.
He was the leading architect behind the innovative design office, Future Systems.
Presently it is 'home' to 10 Masonic orders and 12 masonic side orders and houses a Gentleman's organ, played most days, from the late 17oo's.
Stylistically he was heavily influenced by Robert Adam, but Reid's style is more austere.
His first such work was with his father, in the firm then named S.H.
After moving to Chicago he eventually established a practice in the suburb of Oak Park, Illinois.
He then changed his focus to building design and earned a degree in architecture from George Washington University in 1912.
Stylistically, Street was a leading practitioner of the Victorian Gothic revival.
Today, Whitaker owns a house at Sea Ranch.
He is best remembered for the extant Tretyakovsky Proyezd shopping arcade and the cathedral of Nikolo-Ugresh monastery in present-day town of Dzerzhinsky.
His book of reminiscences has become established as a minor classic of the English Arts and Crafts movement.
Pyotr Dmitrievich Baranovsky was a Russian architect, preservationist and restorator who reconstructed many ancient buildings in the Soviet Union.
Brita Snellman, also Brita Ribbing, was a Swedish architect.
He was a professor at the Ljubljana School of Architecture.
He also designed a few buildings – mainly churches – in the Gothic style.
Luther Lashmit joined the firm in 1927, and was lead architect for Graylyn while an employee of the firm.
After this date until 1980 he designed mostly METU Campus structures located in an area of 500,000 m².
Three other Anhalt buildings are part of the Harvard-Belmont Historic District in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood.
A number of his works and the works of Northup & O'Brien are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Several buildings he designed survived into the 21st century and have been registered as significant heritage properties.
Park Hotel, known as the Plaza Hotel since 1919, 217 S. River St., Seguin, Texas, NRHP-listed, opened 1917
Shelmerdine was the architect of several buildings in Liverpool.
They are known for contextually relevant, bold and graphically strong designs.
In Rio de Janeiro, which became capital of the Portuguese Empire, Costa e Silva designed an opera house in Neoclassical style.
At the time of his death, he had started work on a new Dunes Club to replace the one destroyed a few months earlier.
On returning to the United Kingdom, Thomas Adams became one of the early presidents of the Institute of Landscape Architects which became the Landscape Institute.
Early in her career, she held editorial positions at Random House, Oxford University Press and Chronicle Books.
In 1834 he was one of several prominent architects to form the Institute of British Architects in London.
From 1895 to 1899 he was member of the Parliament of Romania.
Allen had previously worked in the Boston-based partnerships Allen & Kenway and Allen & Vance, which executed Lathrop House and Davison House at Vassar College.
Originally from Canada, McNally designed many buildings with draftsman William C. Knighton in the late 1880s.
Louis Kahn's works are considered as monumental beyond modernism.
Howe studied at the Museum of Fine Arts School from 1882-1886.
Tyurin’s life and work, especially in his later years, was poorly documented.
Clinton Day was a noted architect active on the west coast of the United States.
He was inducted into the Home Builders Association of South Carolina Hall of fame in 2000.
US Post Office-Poughkeepsie, Mansion St., Poughkeepsie, NY, NRHP-listed
Claud W. Beelman, sometimes known as Claude Beelman, was an American architect who designed many examples of Beaux-Arts, Art Deco, and Streamline Moderne style buildings.
Glens Falls High School, 421-433 Glen St. Glens Falls, NY, NRHP-listed
White worked for six months in 1937 for Harwell H. Harris, followed by an eight-month term in Rudolf Schindler’s Los Angeles office during 1937-1938.
Lange Leopold Powell was a noted architect who designed many important buildings in Brisbane and the state of Queensland.
Between 1955 and 1974, Geller produced a series of modest but distinctive vacation homes, many published in popular magazines including Life, Sports Illustrated, and Esquire.
He rebuilt St Mary's Church, Newent in 1675-1679 with Francis Jones of Hasfield.
The dome chapel of the Bethlem Royal Hospital, St George's Fields, Southwark
Patricia W. Swan was an American architect.
Hye, was a Pakistani architect and a pioneer of institutional architectures in Pakistan.
Meyer & Holler was also known as The Milwaukee Building Company.
Kunio Maekawa was a Japanese architect especially known for the Tokyo Bunka Kaikan building, and a key figure of modern Japanese architecture.
The new Foss Bridge, which joins the streets of Fossgate and Walmgate over the River Foss in the city of York, 1811-12.
Ralph Oscar Yeager, AIA, was an American architect who worked in Indiana.
The Barber churches often had crenellated bell-towers.
In 1948, Pei was recruited by New York City real estate magnate William Zeckendorf.
Denman often worked with sculptor Joseph Cribb, whose carved reliefs adorn several of his buildings.
But later Vorhoelzer built many modern and functional buildings in the style of Neue Sachlichkeit.
Edwin E. Lewis was an American architect from Gardiner, Maine.
Born in Hong Kong, he immigrated to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada with his family in 1950.
His work encompassed the styles of the Federation Arts and Crafts and Bungalow through to the Inter-War Stripped Classical and Art Deco.
In total, Wines has designed more than 150 projects for private and municipal clients in eleven countries.
He is a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Other contributions include highways such as: Mexico City-Acapulco, Mexico City-Veracruz, Cuernavaca – Acapulco and the modernization of the highway from Mexico City to Querétaro.
Amberg exhibited at Charlottenborg Spring Exhibition, in Exposition Universelle in Paris, the Nordic Industrial, Agricultural and Art Exhibition in Copenhagen, and Copenhagen's City Hall exhibition.
Grim Building, 113-115 E. Washington St., Kirksville, Missouri
His traditional architectural forms lent a sense of grandeur and permanence to the new country's institutions and communities.
The work of Ushida Findlay was variously described as neo-expressionist, organic modernist and surrealist.
William Frederick Lamb, FAIA, was an American architect, chiefly known as one of the principal designers of the Empire State Building.
Frank M. Howe was an architect in Kansas City, Missouri and Boston, Massachusetts.
Daniels served as the firm’s principal in charge of design and went on to create many of the firm’s signature works.
In his late teens, he started out as a graffiti artist in Brussels, and he never completed a formal art education.
Some of his best-known works are apartment buildings in The Annex neighbourhood of Toronto, featuring outlines that make sweeping curves.
The Fairmount Hotel, 401 S. Alamo San Antonio, Texas, NRHP-listed
He has been featured on a postage stamp of Spain.
He served in World War I, joining as a major and later entering the Army Reserve Corps with the rank of lieutenant-colonel.
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Gilman, D. C.; Peck, H. T.; Colby, F. M., eds.. "article name needed".
Other buildings developed by Casler include the Allied Crafts Building, the Mac Printing Co. Building, the Bendix Building and the Garment Capitol Building.
The Herrerian style was named after him, and was representative of the architecture of the Spanish Empire of Philip II and his Austrian successors.
Wittek died in a lunatic asylum in Graz in 1894 having been diagnosed with a "paralytic mental disorder" the previous year.
