Brown released his fourth studio album F.A.M.E.
In 1989, Kubota released his compilation album, The Baddest.
Do As Infinity's next three studio albums charted in the top 5 of Oricon: True Song at No.
However, it was more popular in Australia staying at number one on the Australian Singles Chart for two weeks.
On 24 February 1970, he recorded five songs for the BBC Radio show Top Gear.
"Fotos y recuerdos", which was also released by Telemundo in July, featured home videos of Selena.
She also wrote material for artists including Jason Aldean and Miranda Lambert during the later half of that decade.
The Human League discography consists of nine studio albums, one remix album, one live album, eight compilations, five extended plays and over thirty singles.
Solo discography of the Blur guitarist and member Graham Coxon.
While together they released four albums, the last two being partly recorded live in concert, and ten singles.
Although selling 133,000 discs in its first week of availability, the album only managed to peak at number nineteen in the US.
This page includes the discography of Greek singer Katy Garbi.
Her discography consists of 13 studio albums and 29 singles released between 1988 and 2012.
He received several awards, including a 1983 Grammy Award for his song "Up Where We Belong", a duet which he performed with Jennifer Warnes.
Richardson left the group in 2006 to pursue other interests, but rejoined in 2012.
5 on Oricon, and her sixth studio album Great Activity, which peaked at No.
Carey parted from Columbia/Sony Music in 2001 and signed a contract with EMI's Virgin Records worth a reported US$100 million, the largest record contract ever signed.
Bublé's ninth and latest studio album Nobody But Me was released on October 16, 2016.
Her next single was released in May 2014 entitled "Love".
The albums are produced under the record label Key Sounds Label, a division of VisualArt's.
However, on 13 April 2015, the band announced that they are to reform for a UK tour.
It was released on Capitol Records on July 22, 2003.
In addition, album sales also increased with many being certified "Gold" or "Platinum" by the RIAA.
In September, the group's first live album Free Live!
On 12 February 2017 "Dystopia" won the "best metal performance" category at the 59th Grammy Awards making this the band's first Grammy win after 11 nominations.
With Dahlqvist on board the band released three more studio albums and a cover album, with many EPs and limited edition releases as well.
The discography of Styles P, an American hip hop recording artist consists of eight studio albums, two extended plays, 13 singles and one promotional single.
The album will include her Eurovision 2013 song, "I Feed You My Love".
They debuted on the major label in 1996 with Losing Streak.
She is the mother of one daughter, Chloe Rose Lattanzi, with her first husband, actor Matt Lattanzi.
Enuff Z'Nuff's latest studio release, Clowns Lounge, hits Japan on November 23rd and America/Europe on December 2nd.
The discography of Japanese singer Kokia consists of fourteen studio albums, five compilations albums, four extended plays and 35 singles.
This article presents the discography of TRU consists of four major label studio albums, two independent studio albums, one compilation and three singles.
In 2010, Smith released a single "Truth", followed by her best-of album Syberselects: A Collection of Sy Smith Favorites.
Her long sojourn on showbiz garnered her as the only ”Mega Star of the Philippines Show Business”.
It is Winehouse's second posthumous compilation album.
's first feature film ATL, was certified platinum in the US, gold in Canada, and silver in the UK.
On 15 September JLS announced that "Take a Chance on Me" would be their second single from their third album.
It also peaked at number two in Australia and Germany.
It became one of the best-selling compilation album of all time in France with approximately 1,582,600 copies sold.
Tha Last Meal debuted at number 9 on the US Billboard 200, selling 397,238 copies in its first week.
X Japan have sold millions of records in Japan, claiming un-certified sales of over 30 million.
All songs released since then have consistently been made available through JapanFiles and, in the U.S. and Canada, the iTunes Store.
It contained hits such as "Munich" and "Blood" and the following year received a Mercury Prize nomination.
All of S.H.E's album covers display an oxalis as a symbol for the group.
Following the Descendents' breakup, SST released the live albums Liveage!
Pendulum were formed in 2002 by Rob Swire, Gareth McGrillen and Paul "El Hornet" Harding in Perth.
Metallica then started writing their tenth studio album, Hardwired... to Self-Destruct, which was released on November 18, 2016.
Flowers or Icehouse have released nine major studio albums, as well as four remix albums, thirty-nine singles and twenty-six music videos.
It stayed in the charts for 52 weeks.
"Fire in the Rain" was released as the lead single from the re-issued version of the album titled Perfectly Re:Damaged.
In Japan, it was certified two-times Million for shipments of two million copies.
followed up with their second full-length album Dealing with It!
AOA's fourth EP titled Good Luck, which was released in May 2016, sold more than 41,000 physical copies as of October 2016.
Coulter's first compilation album Ricki-Lee: The Singles was released in November 2008 but failed to impact the charts.
Additionally the group has been shown to have strong variety skills though their TV variety program I GOT7.
The album debuted at number two on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified double platinum for shipments of 140,000 copies.
This is her first songwriting album as at least 9 of the 12 songs have been co-written by Meyer-Landrut.
The group's debut album, Elle'ments, was released the following month and topped the German albums chart for three weeks, eventually being certified 7× gold.
Their discography comprises seven studio albums, one live album and twenty-five singles.
The album, and its four singles, received widespread critical acclaim and charted in Ireland, the United Kingdom, the US, France, Japan and the Netherlands.
The discography of the Australian rock band Tonight Alive consists of three studio albums, three extended plays, ten singles and thirteen music videos.
This single is mainly remembered for a closely fought contest for UK Christmas Number 1.
Trinidadian-born American rapper and singer Nicki Minaj has released three studio albums, three compilation albums, three mixtapes, eighty-five singles, and twelve promotional singles.
On 13 November 2010 Powderfinger performed for the last time.
"Trust and Believe" entered the Billboard Bubbling Under chart at #2, and also charted at #8 on the U.S. R&B chart.
After her departure from Glashaus, Steen signed a recording contract with Universal Urban and released her second album Darum leben wir in 2009.
Additionally, they have released thirty four singles.
In 2004, the band signed with Atlantic Records, a subsidiary of the Warner Music Group.
Two more albums Torre de Marfil/Wall of Smiles and Cuerpo y Alma/I'm Yours were released by the same label over the next four years.
In the United States, the album reached number 43 on the Billboard Independent Albums chart.
Hailed as pioneers of genres such as rave, techno and big beat, the group have sold over 20 million albums worldwide.
The second single from the album was titled "Do Not Disturb", and featured fellow R&B singer Chris Brown.
He is a founding member of the indie-pop band Tomte and also writes for the magazines Intro, Visions, Spex and Musikexpress.
The single was met with acclaim many ranking Wayne's verse to be one of the best of that year, the single certified platinum by the RIAA.
The following is the discography of Gregg Allman, an American singer-songwriter and musician, also including releases from the Gregg Allman Band.
Turner's overall discography consists of nine studio albums, two live albums, two soundtracks, and five compilation albums.
Their fourth album, Black Butterfly, was released on September 16, 2008.
Aside from championships, he was the 1987 WWF King of the Ring and the 1995 WCW World War 3 winner.
The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and subsequently earned a double platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry.
In the UK, it generated one top 40 single: "Hands," which peaked at number 29.
It helped usher in morphing as an important technology in music videos.
The two then collaborated on rerecording the Badai Pasti Berlalu soundtrack album, releasing their version with orchestral music and new duets.
His album sales continued to decelerate with his 2003 album, Ghetto, Gutter & Gangsta, which was released through Bungalo Records.
The band's initial line-up was the trio of Craig Bloxom on bass guitar/lead vocals, Cliff Grigg on drums/percussion and Mike Weiley on lead guitar/vocals.
It peaked at number four of the same chart and was certified as Gold by the British Phonographic Industry.
Two further singles were released from the album: "Boomerang" and "Ego", the last one becoming Lali's debut single in the United States and Puerto Rico.
Armando, Pitbull's fifth studio album, was released on November 2, 2010.
Between 1989 and 1992, he also founded and was lead singer of Jesus Loves You, which performed house and dance music.
Jones' commercially most successful album to date remains her 1985 compilation Island Life, the only album chart-topper of her career.
The discography for American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan.
magazine's Nevermind Forever Cover CD, in which they were the only unsigned band.
Their debut album, In at the Deep End, was released in June 2005.
The album sold over 1 million units and was certified platinum in France, becoming the singer's second successful studio album.
She released her debut single, "You'll Never Take That Away", on 20 February 2012, which was certified Gold in New Zealand.
In 2000 Lanegan guested on Rated R by Queens of the Stone Age, a band which he had become a full-time member of in 2001.
Internationally, the album reached the top 50 on the Swiss, Canadian, and Australian Charts, and appeared on the UK and Swedish Albums Chart.
The Wombles are fictional pointy-nosed, furry creatures created by author Elisabeth Beresford, originally appearing in a series of children's novels from 1968.
Two: Good Time for a Bad Attitude.
The discography of Winger, an American hard rock band, consists of five studio albums, one live album, two compilation albums and eight singles.
On 20 May 2012, Cardle announced on Twitter that he had parted ways with Columbia Records.
Lead guitarist Trent Hafdahl is the group's sole remaining founding member.
Currently, Jeremy Inkel and Jared Slingerland are official members.
Jay-Z later founded Roc-A-Fella Records with close friends Damon Dash and Kareem "Biggs" Burke and released his debut studio album Reasonable Doubt in June 1996.
It peaked at number two on the Gaon Album Chart and produced two Korean top ten singles, "Bo Peep Bo Peep" and "Like the First Time".
In November 2010 Lewis released a video album of her tour The Labyrinth, entitled The Labyrinth Tour Live from The O2.
With The Police, Sting sold over 200 million records wordwide.
Its lead single was "Stomp", their second number one single.
Over the years, his record companies have continued to issue his music in various formats.
This article chronicles the complete oeuvre of German composer and multi-instrumentalist Peter Frohmader, from his first studio recordings published in 1979 to the present.
English pop singer Shayne Ward has released three studio albums and nine singles.
The single "Pocket" also charted in Australia.
Releases by other groups that also involve Fluke are listed on their individual pages.
Relocating back to his native Wicklow, Regan recorded his second studio album, The Shadow of an Empire, and was signed to Heavenly Records.
All seven of his studio albums have been certified at least platinum in the United States.
The following is the discography for American garage punk musician Jay Reatard and his associated acts.
Salman was later replaced by lead guitarist Rizwan-ul-Haq who played on the second album Vital Signs 2 released in 1991.
The album produced her first number one hit since 1998 and three additional major hits between 2004 and 2005.
The album, produced by fellow rapper Ice Cube, saw considerable commercial success and went Gold in the US.
Additional hits from the album included "Poor Poor Pitiful Me", "Tumbling Dice", and the Top 10 Country hit "I Never Will Marry".
This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by Lovex, a rock band from Tampere, Finland.
Their second album, titled Common Dreads, was released on 15 June 2009 and peaked at number 16.
After various single released from 1994 to 1995, they released their debut self-titled album in 1995.
In November 2005, a new album, entitled Amarantine, was released.
On September 9, 2005, Williams performed the opening single from his first solo album In My Mind, "Can I Have It Like That", featuring Gwen Stefani.
Her 1986 single "Straight Talkin'" became her final Billboard chart appearance, reaching the top-seventy that year.
Skepta released his debut album Greatest Hits on 17 September 2007.
The latter song also charted at number one on the Billboard chart in Japan, making it Chanté's first song ever to chart outside of Canada.
Fit for an Autopsy is an American deathcore band from Jersey City, New Jersey, formed in 2008.
The band independently released their eponymous debut studio album in 1996, two years after their formation.
Mariachi Sol de México were featured in the video, they also were the backup singers in the song.
This is the discography of South Korean three-member boy band JYJ.
Fey experimented new rhythms with electronic and industrial music.
Several of the musician's video albums have also topped the Billboard Music Video Sales chart.
4 respectively on the USA and Canadian iTunes metal charts on its week of release.
Four singles were released from the album, including "Santa Monica", which reached number one on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
The first single from this album was "Sun & Moon," featuring the vocals of Richard Bedford.
The remainder of his 1970s studio albums, starting with Dark Horse, were all certified gold by the RIAA but performed disappointingly on the UK albums chart.
Formed in Los Angeles in 1965, the group consisted of Jim Morrison, Ray Manzarek, John Densmore, and Robby Krieger.
The discography of CSS, a Brazilian electronic rock group formed in São Paulo in 2003, consists of four studio albums, twelve singles and four extended plays.
On July 21, 2017, Tyler released his fourth studio album, Flower Boy, which includes features from Frank Ocean, ASAP Rocky, Lil Wayne and more.
The album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America in 2007, denoting shipments of over 500,000 copies.
Busta Rhymes has sold more than 10 million albums in the U.S. alone.
The Soul Kiss video was released in 1985 and features five music videos for the songs of the album of the same name.
A moderate success, it peaked at number 23 on the German Albums Chart.
This page contains information related to his recordings.
Black Gives Way to Blue, the group's first album with DuVall, was released on September 29, 2009.
Near the end, there were two albums on the Italian Soul Note label, and the final album on A&M Records.
In June, her debut album, Mother Father Brother Sister, opened at number three on the Oricon chart.
As the last promotional only single, "Made for Lovin' You" charted in the UK at number twenty-seven and in France at number seventy-two.
Weather Report's self-titled debut album Weather Report, released in 1971, caused a sensation in the jazz world and is still considered a classic of early fusion.
She has had eight Top Ten singles at radio with songs "Shook", "Unpredictable", "Bad Boy", "Does He Love Me?
Their second single "Everybody in Love", released on 2 November 2009, also topped the UK Singles Chart.
Santi White, better known by her stage name Santigold, is an American songwriter, producer, and singer.
The band then released Seventeen Days in 2005.
Four of these singles peaked at #1, all on the Billboard Pop Chart between 1950 and 1953.
They are the first unsigned Northern Ireland artists to be featured on MTV Rocks.
This album produced three straight Number One hits in "All I Want to Do", "Already Gone", and "It Happens".
Swedish singer and songwriter Zara Larsson has released two studio albums, four extended plays, 14 singles and 15 music videos.
Following the same musical style as Wild Hope, the album's title was taken from Moore's full name.
Scottish synthpop band Chvrches have released two studio albums, three extended plays, 14 singles, one promotional single and 11 music videos.
A third and final single, "Graduation", was released in 2000 and peaked at number 38.
WEA released two further singles compilations in 1995 and 2001, with a further compilation, The Sound of The Smiths, released in November 2008.
Santana released another twelve albums in the 1970s, each earning RIAA certifications, and their success continued in the 1980s.
The first single "Paddling Out" is among the band's most successful singles; its highest peak was at number nine on the Flemish Ultratip chart.
They have released four albums so far, We're Not Grasshoppers, in 1996, with a follow-up, 21st Century Spin, released in 2002.
The Clockwork Angels Tour was a concert tour in support of the 2012 album, Clockwork Angels, by the Canadian rock band Rush.
The discography of Latin-American heavy metal band Ill Niño consists of seven studio albums, one compilation album, one video album, three extended plays and nineteen singles.
Without question, the Everybody Loves Somebody 1964 compilation album was Martin's best-selling album, narrowly missing the top spot at No.
It debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, with first-week sales of 218,000 copies.
The release topped the Music Video charts in the US and the UK.
In 1999 Gackt signed a recording contract with Nippon Crown.
It followed an unreleased second album for Mercury Records, titled On My Way to You, the title track of which carried over to Brave.
In November 2005, Dover published in Japan its first compilation album titled Oh!
Although her previous work belongs to the pop rock genre, she has expressed an interest in making EDM music.
Tæt på, Medina's debut Danish studio album, was released in September 2007.
"Stairway to Heaven", which had never been released as an official single before, was one of these songs released in digital stores.
1 plus six more that entered the top 10.
The Fureys are an Irish folk band from Ireland.
It was succeeded with the launch of his debut studio album Montevallo in October 2014.
The next two albums, Seventeen Seconds and Faith, were Top 20 hits in the UK, reaching number twenty and number fourteen respectively.
Her 1989 release, titled Cry Like a Rainstorm, Howl Like the Wind, was Ronstadt's first pop music album in seven years.
Break Up the Concrete was released in October 2008 and returned the Pretenders to the Top 40 on Billboard 200 when it peaked at 32.
Five singles were released from the album: "Thinkin Bout You", "Pyramids", "Sweet Life", "Lost" and "Super Rich Kids".
They have released six studio albums, five compilations, thirteen singles and five video albums.
Angelspit is an electronic music band originally from Sydney, Australia and currently based in the United States.
This list does not include collaboration on projects by other acts or artists.
Cœur de pirate began her career in 2007 as the keyboardist for the band Bonjour Brumaire.
"Deja Vu" was later given a single release after peaking at number 7 on the Hot 100.
"He Could Be the One" proved to be the most successful in the United States, peaking at number 10.
Despite the long break, the album was just as successful as their previous releases.
Mike Patton is an American singer and songwriter.
Azalea has sold 2 million albums and 45 million singles worldwide.
Invaders Must Die, the group's fifth studio album, was released in February 2009.
She released Daydream in October 2011, This Is Christmas in October 2012 and Home Sweet Home in November 2014
However, original member Raven-Symoné decided not to join the group, in order to pursuit promotion of her own album This Is My Time.
The discography of The Calling, an American alternative rock band, consists of two studio albums, one compilation album and seven singles.
Stan's follow-up single "Get Back" charted in many European countries, while peaking at number 56 on the UK Singles Chart.
His discography comprises sixteen studio albums, four compilation albums, one live album and thirty-four singles.
Below is the complete Electric Light Orchestra discography including imports, videos, and hit singles.
The group's third EP, Russian Roulette, was released on September 7, 2016, along with the title track of the same name.
Music Core aired on MBC the group currently has released seven studio albums, 6 extended plays and various singles.
Single debuted #95 on Billboard Hot 100.
In 2008 The Bronx left Island Def Jam and Brad Magers replaced James Tweedy on bass.
Eddie Dee began his career in 1990 and launched his debut studio album three years later.
which became the band's most successful album ever.
Both projects include the singles Honey Dip and Parade.
Alabama 3 are best known for "Woke Up This Morning" which was chosen as the opening theme to the HBO hit series, The Sopranos.
It was recorded and mixed by J. Aslan and Rainbow with album artwork by Jurgen Elas and Simon Bondar.
In late 2015, Agnes released her second international single, "Boy Magnet", with five remixes by DJ Hector Fonseca, Tommy Love, Xavi Alvaro and John Dish.
The tour included shows in the United States, Canada, and throughout Europe.
The album was certified platinum with 1.5 million copies sold, according to RIAA.
She spent the next decade recording gospel music and performing religious touring shows, until European rock and roll revivalists sought out Jackson.
In 41 years of their career, AC/DC have sold over 200 million albums worldwide, roughly 71 million in the US.
Despite the success of their fifth album, the duo Simon & Garfunkel decided to part company, announcing their break-up later that year.
The album helped Morissette get the Jack Richardson Producer of the Year Award.
In August 2010, she recorded a single inspired by The Twilight Saga: New Moon titled "In My Head".
The album included the hit single "Mysterious Girl", which peaked at number 2 on the UK Singles Chart.
In September 2009, the single "Come On Now" was released on Flash Records.
The Kronos Quartet plays classical, pop, rock, jazz, folk, world and contemporary classical music and was founded in 1973 by violinist David Harrington.
Arise and Conquer was released in 2008.
"I Got the Boy" was issued as Kramer's next single in January 2015 and was co-written by Jamie Lynn Spears.
In 2005, Birdman released his second album Fast Money.
He has been awarded seven platinum and one gold certification for albums and singles by ARIA, which equates to sales of just over half a million.
Despite the constant touring and promotions, the album peaked at 87 on Billboard, without the benefit of a hit-single.
Glee: The Music, Volume 3 Showstoppers was released in May 2010 and managed to debut in the top ten worldwide.
On 27 September 2005, Gojira released their third studio album, From Mars to Sirius through Mon Slip, which was later released worldwide release via Prosthetic Records.
She already has five singles released, and the most famous is Tchubaruba.
Following the success of the EP, Wondergram head Steve Pavlovic signed the group to his new label, Modular Recordings.
The soundtrack peaked at number 19 on the UK Albums Chart.
It debuted and peaked at number 14 on the UK Singles Chart.
American violinist Lindsey Stirling has released three studio albums, one extended play, one video album, six singles, and 47 music videos.
His superstar-status and entertaining showmanship made him a household name and hip hop icon.
Lavigne's debut studio album, Let Go, was released in June 2002 and peaked at number two on the US Billboard 200 in the United States.
which has peaked to number 13 on Norwegian singles chart and "Robot Song".
Besides numerous compilations, albums featuring additional live recordings and various demos and outtakes from 1963–1968 have been released.
The discography of Smash Mouth, an American rock band, consists of seven studio albums, four compilation albums, eighteen singles and thirteen music videos.
This is the discography of Canadian musician, singer, songwriter and pianist, Sarah McLachlan.
This is a discography for American singer-songwriter Kris Kristofferson.
The band first gained attention when they released the single "Losing My Edge" on DFA Records, which became a well-known indie song in 2002.
Charli's debut studio album, True Romance, was released in April 2013, and peaked at number 85 on the UK Albums Chart.
The Big Bang is the seventh studio album.
This article details the discography of Petra.
The tour to promote it was released as The Tokyo Showdown live album, which also charted in Sweden and Finland, breaking the top 40.
The album was preceded by the release of three singles: "Satisfy" in 2014, "The Thrill" in 2015 and "Two Minds" in 2015.
This catalogue is now owned by EMI and is in print.
His debut album, Fairytales, charted in the top 20 in nine European countries, including a No.
In 2012, 2PM released three more singles in Japan: "Beautiful"; "One Day," a collaboration with 2AM; and "Masquerade."
Since winning the title, Leith has released seven albums, four of which peaked in the top two of the ARIA Charts, including two number ones.
Gore Obsessed was released in 2002, followed by the boxed set 15 Year Killing Spree, a four-disc career retrospective, that was released in 2003.
Darude released three studio albums following Before the Storm: Rush, Label This!, and Moments.
My Kinda Party is also his first album to be certified in Canada.
Jotdog is a Mexican pop band formed in Mexico City in 2009.
Her seventh studio album, 100 Miles from Memphis, was released in 2010 and became her last album on A&M Records.
is an Indian television sitcom that aired from 31 July 2006 to 23 January 2015, on SAB TV.
Her second single, "Stripper Friends", failed both critically and commercially, selling less than 1,000 copies in its first week.
The Partridge Family won a NARM award for the best selling single of the year in 1970 for their hit "I Think I Love You".
Her fourth record, Aura, debuted at number ten on the German Albums Chart and was less successful than its predecessors.
The album sold over six million copies in the United States.
That August they recorded twelve new songs intended for an album, but it was never released.
The album spawned two charting Billboard singles, including a cover of Colter's self-penned "Storms Never Last".
Union J first announced that they had signed a record deal with Sony Music Entertainment at a performance in Cardiff, Wales on 15 December 2012.
5 on the Billboard Top Christian chart, No.
Mayhem has released five studio albums, five live albums, two EPs, five demos and singles, three compilation albums and four video albums.
Her debut single "Dreams" topped the UK Singles Chart in June 1993.
The first EP and several singles were released on Gough's own label "Twisted Nerve", which he started with like-minded Manchester musician Andy Votel.
The lead single "It's Alright, It's OK" had moderate commercial performance in some European countries.
Their 2nd live album, "23 Live Sex Acts" was released on September 4, 2015.
The song sold approximately 100,000 copies, making it the 158th "best seller" of 2000.
He has also reached the top ten of the New Zealand charts with an album and six singles, including two number ones.
Music videos for all three singles were played on MTV and MTV Europe, and Scream, Dracula, Scream!
"Do You Wanna Touch Me" off of Bad Reputation reached number 20 on Billboards Hot 100 Chart.
This article is a listing of all official releases by Therion, a Swedish metal group.
Their self-titled debut album was released in 1996 and peaked at number five on the UK Albums Chart.
Their debut album, Garbage, charted in the top 20 in six countries and was certified double platinum in the US, United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia.
For the solo discography of Madness lead singer Suggs, see Suggs§Solo discography.
It became their highest charting album in the US, reaching number one.
In 2005 Brown decided to release a new album by independent label Amber Café.
The duo's third studio album, X, was released in 2000.
The anime television series currently consists of 36 pieces of theme music; eighteen opening themes and eighteen ending themes.
Stansfield released her latest studio album titled Seven on 31 January 2014.
Both Riyu Kosaka and Noria Shiraishi released solo singles on October 11, Yamato Nadeshiko, LOVE②くらっち, respectively, in addition to Red Rocket Rising.
Her mother, Marsha, supplied lyrics for a change.
Below are the lists of his recordings in full-length opera performances, music albums and compilation albums with other singers.
In 2003 she released Amorino, her first album under her own name, which received mixed reviews from critics.
As of 2009, Carey has sold 17.2 million physical singles and 13.8 million digital tracks in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
After a few fallow years, Gabrielle made a stunning comeback with "Rise", which became Gabrielle's second British number one in 2000.
The song has also charted in Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland.
Both it and its followup, 1999's Fly, earned the group several Grammy Awards and chart singles.
A greatest hits compilation album, A Slight Case of Overbombing, was also released in August 1993 and reached number 14 on the UK Albums Chart.
Modestep are a dubstep and electronic rock band from London that formed in 2010.
The English version of the album, Snow on the Sahara, was released by Sony Music Entertainment in 33 countries across Asia, Europe and America.
In 2001, she released her second studio album, Wanderland, which features similar "raw emotion and sophisticated musicianship" of her debut album.
It also peaked at number one in the UK and in the US.
Following the release of Educated Horses, Zombie released his first official greatest hits album, The Best of Rob Zombie.
The band collaborated with Italian DJ Crookers on the single "Remedy" in 2010, and produced their second studio album Happy to You the following year.
The fourth single, "The Feeling", which features RaVaughn, was officially released on 23 September 2012 it debuted and peaked at number 13 in the UK.
The low promotion around the world makes have low sales.
The band's 11th studio album Brand New Days was released in 2015.
Sony Music, a subsidiary in Mexico released her first single "Media naranja" in 1995, becoming an instant success.
The last single from the album, again the double A-side, "Iz Rite" / "Soul Love" was released on 25 November 2013.
They are indicated by "♦" in this discography.
His career was boosted by regular appearances as a performer and guest host on national broadcaster, ABC's 1974–1987 TV series, Countdown.
The album was a comeback for the band, selling well and yielding career-highest singles chart positions.
Initially known as On a Friday, in 1991 they signed with EMI and renamed themselves Radiohead.
The album fared much better than her previous releases, becoming her first album to earn a Gold certification in the United States.
They followed it up with the release of October and War.
This page shows the discography of multi-platinum award winning pop artist and Canadian Idol second season winner Kalan Porter.
Their debut single "Jane Says", became their first chart entry on the Alternative Songs chart, peaking at #6.
Floater is an American rock trio from Eugene, Oregon.
It marked a new urban direction for Andre.
The discography of the Serbian rock band Idoli, consists of two studio albums, one EP, five singles and two compilation albums.
The discography of Reef, an English psychedelic rock band, consists of four studio albums, four compilation albums, one video album and 17 singles.
Their second single, "Fade To Grey", was released soon afterwards and became an international hit.
Albert King was an American blues guitarist and singer who was active from the late 1940s to 1992.
The Hits and Chopped & Screwed, although neither appeared in the top 100 on the Billboard 200.
because of the similar formation of band members and attractive performance personalities.
Over 1000 of her songs are listed below, organised by language and listed in chronological order of recording, performance, and/or release.
Ronstadt's first disc of the 1980s was the New Wave-styled Mad Love.
Universal owns the rights to the band's albums released by Mercury in the United States.
The discography of Japanese–American female duo FEMM includes one studio album, one remix album, two extended plays, four remix singles, and ten singles.
It reached the Top 20 of the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and featured four Top 15 singles on the country singles chart.
In 2012, VH1 ranked Blige ninth among "The 100 Greatest Woman in Music" listing.
Bleu released his second album, Speed of Light, on March 10, 2009 in the U.S.
1 on the Alternative Songs chart, after a record 29 weeks in the chart.
Most of our singers now sing well, yes.
The discography of American rock band Manchester Orchestra consists of four studio albums, one acoustic album, one live album, seven extended plays and twelve singles.
They moved to Good Entertainment in July 2003, upon the expiration of their contract.
He also placed 20 singles in the Top Ten of Billboard's R&B chart, Black Singles chart.
The discography of Australian hard rock band Wolfmother consists of four studio albums, four extended plays, eleven singles, twelve music videos and one video album.
Additionally, the album spawned four consecutive US number-one singles.
In 1999, Live's fourth album, The Distance to Here, was released.
The rapper collaborated with Tha Dogg Pound to record "Nothin' But the Cavi Hit" which was released on the Rhyme & Reason soundtrack.
The album received mixed critical response and was a commercial failure.
By 2001, Harrison had already amassed an impressive nine Top 10 hits and sold more than six million albums worldwide.
The album has since sold over four million copies in the United States, and was certified four times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Their 1996 follow-up Wiseblood was also successful, and became Corrosion of Conformity's highest-charting album in the United States, peaking at number 104 on the Billboard 200.
The band is produced exclusively by Ben Kasica, famed guitarist of the band Skillet.
10 and 11 on the Billboard Hot 100, respectively.
It has been certified triple platinum in the United States.
Don Broco are an English rock band formed in Bedford, England in 2008.
The video for Ghosts is over 38 minutes long and holds the Guinness World Record as the world's longest music video.
Released in 1986, the album is Bon Jovi's best-selling studio album to date, selling over 28 million copies worldwide.
18 and won an Academy Award for Best Original Score.
Her second studio album, Revival, was released on October 9, 2015, and went on to become her second consecutive number one album on the Billboard 200.
The album was produced without Warhol and Nico for the first time.
In 2014, Goulding recorded the song "Beating Heart" for the soundtrack to Divergent, and she also released her second collaboration with Calvin Harris, titled "Outside".
Four singles from the album reached the Mainstream Rock top ten, while the band's cover of "Bad Company" was certified platinum.
Ryan Chavez drummed on the band's fifth studio album, Stay Down, released in 2008 through Curb Appeal Records.
On September 5, 2014, Battle was found dead in her West Hollywood home.
"Te Quiero" was released as the second single from the album, peaking at number 4 in Belgium.
His first commercial record was Brushfire Fairytales, and the highest selling of his albums is In Between Dreams.
Lopez released her first greatest hits album, Dance Again...
Amnesiac, Radiohead's fifth studio album, was released in June 2001, topping the UK charts and producing successful singles including "Pyramid Song" and "Knives Out".
Donaghy has been working with The Sound of Arrows, Saturday Night Gym Club, Magik Johnson, Max Tundra, Metronomy, and Ed Mcfarlane of Friendly Fires.
The singles discography of American country music singer Reba McEntire comprises 95 singles.
Tobias entered the music industry with delivering two compositions for the soundtrack Fontána pre Zuzanu 2, issued via Tommü Records in 1993.
"It's All Coming Back to Me Now" became Dion's third Platinum single in the US, with sales of 1.6 million copies.
5150: Home 4 tha Sick was released on December 28, 1992 and peaked number 70 on the Billboard 200.
She released her first solo album, Seele mit Herz, during the hiatus of the band on band member Moses Pelham's 3–P label.
Wayne's critically acclaimed and commercially successful album Tha Carter III, released in June 2008, produced several hit singles.
The follow-up to the band's self-titled debut, Chasing Yesterday, was released in February 2015.
This is a comprehensive discography of the Transplants, a punk rock/hip-hop supergroup.
The lead single of the album, "Oui mais... non", topped the French singles chart for three weeks.
Furtado's third album Loose became her best selling album of career with 12 million copies sold worldwide.
After releasing his debut album Wide Awake, McElderry was dropped from Syco despite its number three chart placing.
The band also appeared on several various artists compilations and recorded several promotional music videos.
In 1997, Spears signed a recording contract with American record label Jive Records in order to launch her career.
Pruett released six studio albums between 1972 and 1985, including four with MCA Records.
Mystikal's fifth album, Tarantula, featured the singles "Bouncin' Back" and "Tarantula" – the latter a collaboration with rapper Butch Cassidy.
The album was re-released as a deluxe edition on September 30, 2013 under the revised title, Don't Panic: It's Longer Now!.
The album produced four singles, including the number one "Hole in the Head".
He was invited to Sabado Gigante, and Esta Noche Tu Night to perform the hit single "Feel the Rhythm".
Umphrey's McGee's first three albums are currently out of print in physical format.
In May 1994, Sunny Day Real Estate released their first album, Diary.
It debuted at the top of the charts in Germany.
Second single "Lieber so" has since reached number 23 in Germany, becoming Catterfeld's highest-charting single in a decade.
The group signed a record deal with Interscope Records and they sold around 40 million singles worldwide.
In 2002, she won the inaugural season of the television competition American Idol and was immediately signed to a US$1 million recording deal with RCA Records.
In 2001, she released her debut single "Bum" under her stage name Catterfeld; the song failed to chart in any music market.
The discography of the Kronos Quartet includes 43 studio albums, two compilations, five soundtracks, and 29 contributions to other artists' records.
Soundtracks for each animated series, movie, special and OVA have been released, as well as compilation and remix albums.
Another single, "Make You Feel My Love", reached number one in the Netherlands.
After the Burial is an American heavy metal band from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Between 1976 and 1977 she issued four studio albums before the release of her 1978 release TNT, which was marketed towards a rock audience.
In 1983, Ronstadt changed musical directions towards big band jazz and traditional pop music, recording What's New, which was certified Triple Platinum in the United States.
"2 On" was later certified platinum in the US by the RIAA, and gold in Australia by the ARIA.
Additionally, he has released sixteen singles to country radio.
The album reached #12 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart, and was certified Platinum by the RIAA.
As a part of Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, her most successful release is 1981's I Love Rock 'n Roll.
Please look there for information regarding versions and remixes.
The following is the discography of the Stafford Brothers, DJs and producers from Australia known for blending the genres of house.
Both albums include the singles "December" and "Vit som en snö" with Pernilla Andersson.
The discography of Hadouken!, a Leeds-based grindie band, currently consists of three studio albums, six EPs, ten singles, and twenty two music videos.
Lykke Li is a Swedish singer and songwriter.
The discography of Spanish-born Mexican singer-songwriter Belinda Peregrín consists of four studio albums, four EPs, five soundtracks, twenty three singles, two DVDs, and twenty-two music videos.
They then released their fourth studio album, Roulette on 25 January 2013.
Their follow-up album, New Traditionalists, peaked at #23 on the American charts and was their final album to chart in the UK.
The discography of Canadian indie rock band Arcade Fire consists of five studio albums, three extended plays and twenty-four singles.
In the midst of a relentless touring schedule between 2006–2008, new songs were bubbling to the surface in what would become El Fin De La Guerra.
Kravitz has scored hits in virtually every continent: North America, Central America, Europe, South America, Asia, Oceania, and Africa.
Their first major-label release was the triple-platinum debut album Infest.
It will now serve as the lead single from JoJo's yet-to-be-titled third studio album.
Atlas' third album, Gedida, followed in March 1999.
He released 8 studio albums with La Ley, including a greatest hits compilation and a live album.
"One Step at a Time" was released as the third single, and became a top 20 song in multiple countries worldwide.
But neither her second attempt would set charts on fire.
As a solo-artist he released several albums.
As of 2012 Testament has sold more than 4 million records worldwide.
The sitcom was set in a police station.
In 1975, he was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame and was given the Grammy Hall of Fame Award.
Incorporating various musical styles such as electronic, disco and house, the album received positive reviews from music critics.
Beto Cuevas is the former songwriter, lead singer, and sometimes guitarist of the Chilean band La Ley, before they broke up in 2005.
The first single "Greatest Day" from their next album, The Circus, debuted at number one in the UK in November 2008.
The 1978 single "The Real Thing" was her final chart appearance, peaking in the eighty fifth position.
The song reached number fifteen and the duo then issued the studio album Being Together.
An album consisting of previously unreleased tracks recorded at several points throughout Weezer's career, Death to False Metal peaked at number 48 on the Billboard 200.
In 2006, Ne-Yo's debut album, In My Own Words, debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 in the United States.
In 2014, "Adiós" was released as the first single from Martin's 2015 album, A Quien Quiera Escuchar.
"Children at Play", however, was specifically made for this album.
The album was also certified as gold in the US in 2004.
Dark Horse, released in 2008, reached number 1 in Canada and number 2 in the US.
The group's second album, All Work, No Play, was released in August 1998.
The album has a sad undertone due to the fact that she lost her childhood friend in a tragic accident in 2009.
It entered the charts in the top slot, making it the first Alice in Chains release—and the first EP in history—to debut at number one.
2 was met with critical acclaim and peaked at number 26 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
This is the videography of Got7, a K-pop boy group based in South Korea.
The album was accompanied and preceded by single "Ariel" already released on 22 November 2010 and "Assassinations" released on 14 February 2011.
It was hosted by Miyuki Sawashiro and Asami Sanada, the voice of Shinku and Jun respectively.
In 2005, The All-American Rejects released their second album, Move Along, which placed at number six on the Billboard 200.
Soon after, they recorded their second demo, Orgiastic Pleasures Foul with new guitarist Robin Eaglestone and new drummer Was Sarginson.
It's Live!, both from 1998, earned gold certification in Canada.
"Little Fluffy Clouds" and "Perpetual Dawn" were re-issued and became top 20 hits in the UK.
The band released its eponymous debut album in January 1982, after which followed 10 additional studio recordings and numerous official and unofficial compilations.
American singer and songwriter Tyrese has released seven studio albums and twelve singles.
Silverchair's first single, "Tomorrow", was highly successful upon its Australian release in 1994, and provided the band an opportunity to release their music internationally.
Later that year, to commemorate its centenary, the Symphony released its first compilation album, Centennial Collection, which contained material from previously released recordings.
The Wack Album, the group's third studio album, was released on June 11, 2013.
They rejoined Epitaph for Go in 2012 and Panic Stations in 2015, both of which represented large drop-offs in sales and chart performance.
Orton worked extensively with producers Victor Van Vugt and Ben Watt in recording her fourth studio album, Daybreaker, which was released in July 2002.
It also entered the New Zealand Albums Chart at the top position.
In June 1986, Houston released her first video compilation The No.
Home, which featured traditional Irish music taken from their late mother's songbook, was released in 2005.
The album spawned three more singles: "Girls' Generation", "Kissing You", and "Baby Baby".
It became their first top 10 album on the Billboard 200, debuting at number three.
"Signs" featuring Justin Timberlake and Charlie Wilson, was released on April 25, 2005.
The discography of hip hop recording artist Childish Gambino comprises three studio albums, seven mixtapes, and two EPs.
"Every Morning" was released on September 18 before his third studio album Bass Generation, which was released on 25 September 2009.
By 2006, Stripped had sold over 13 million copies worldwide.
The album was also a number one and has sold approximately 1,363,300 copies.
The album's lead single, "No, No, No", reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
In 2017, Sepultura released their fourteenth studio album Machine Messiah.
On the United Kingdom albums chart, it reached number thirty-one and was certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry.
Eazy-Duz-It peaked at number 41 on the Billboard 200 and became Eazy's most successful album, selling 2.5 million albums in the US by 1994.
Window Seats are a three-piece alternative rock band from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
All songs from three EPs were released on the compilation album Trilogija.
peaked at #41 on the UK Albums Chart.
The next single "Why'd You Lie to Me" reached the top thirty in the UK.
Before the album's release the group agreed to change their name to "Dream Theater", inspired by a now-demolished California movie theater.
As with most postwar blues musicians, his recordings were released as two-song singles until the 1960s, when his record company began focusing on long-playing albums.
The album was released on September 25, 2007 on Geffen Records, and debuted and peaked at #2 on the Billboard 200.
Siam Shade was a five-piece Japanese rock band which broke onto the visual kei scene alongside a multitude of other artists in the early 1990s.
Released shortly after, the album Passion similarly received little attention from the public or critics, and stalled at number 41 on the UK Albums Chart.
In 2009 he released the The Unplanned Mixtape.
Misia's tenth studio album, Soul Quest, will be released in July 27, 2011.
With the release of subsequent singles and three more studio albums— Anak Putih Abu Abu, Nocturno and Anggun C. Sasmi...
It also spawned their highest-charting single in "Help Me", which reached #14 on Modern Rock Tracks.
The Beatnuts are known to self-produce all of their songs.
Keys released her debut album Songs in A Minor through J Records, after having had previous recording deals with Columbia and Arista.
The album also includes the single "Hearts in the Air".
The discography of country music singer Marty Robbins consists of 52 studio albums, 13 compilation albums, and 100 singles.
10 on the US Hot 100 and number 1 in Germany.
The band's thirteenth studio album, The Astonishing, was released in January 2016.
This article presents the discography of American Traditional Pop music singer, Patti Page.
In 1974, she recorded and released one single with A&M Records before signing with Lifesong Records in 1978.
In the meantime two compilation albums, The Best of New Order and The Rest of New Order, and several singles were released.
In 1971, Jackson converted to Christianity and recorded a gospel single that year entitled "People Gotta Be Loving".
ABBA consisted of Agnetha Fältskog, Anni-Frid Lyngstad, Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus.
After three years, the band released their fourth album, Guapa and the extended play Más guapa, the last to feature Amaia Montero.
Casting Crowns has also released a holiday album, Peace on Earth, which has been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
it was released on 1 January 2012.
They both joined their school's music and drama club where they began singing, dancing, and miming songs by MC Hammer, Bobby Brown and Michael Jackson.
On 3 December "Teddy Picker" was released, which became the band's lowest-charting single up to that point, reaching number 20 in the United Kingdom.
The first single from the album, "Slam Dunk", peaked at number ten on the UK Singles Chart and within the top thirty across most of Europe.
The album was mixed by Cameron Webb and released through Victory Records on October 23, 2012.
The album entered at number one on the Billboard 200 and became the first independently distributed album to debut atop the chart since 1995.
A reunion was announced on November 29, 2010, and according to drummer John Dolmayan, there may be a new album.
They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.
Chrisye's final collaboration with Gutawa, Dekade, was a cover album which featured a song written exclusively for the album by Pongky of Jikustik.
Her debut album, Who You Are, was released in February 2011 and reached number two on the UK Albums Chart.
Wynonna Judd initially recorded in The Judds with her mother, Naomi Judd.
This discography of American pop rock band Gin Blossoms, consists of five studio albums, one live album, two EPs, two compilation albums and thirteen singles.
South Korea-based girl group Girls' Generation have released eight studio albums, two live albums, four extended plays, and twenty-eight singles.
Upon return to Indonesia, Kekal recorded Acidity, which was released in 2005, and marked the return of Leo to the band.
Following his soundtrack contribution in Pinocchio, Kim released a holiday song called "It's Christmas Day" at the end of the year.
As her popularity began to decline, Vitamin C signed with V2 Records to record a third album.
Swedish singer, songwriter, record producer and DJ Basshunter has released five studio albums, two internet albums, one EP and twenty singles.
The album was succeeded by another EP, their first US release, The Wombats EP, through KIDS in America and Bright Antenna.
Dans ma chair, the next studio album was released on 18 March 1997.
Since then, he has performed in a number of musicals while still actively pursuing his musical career.
The latter disc was released separately in 2002.
It reached number fifty in the UK.
Macdonald's forth studio, Under Stars was released on 17 February 2017.
Pepper's music is a mix of Americana, roots-rock, folk, punk rock, bluegrass and alternative country.
A compilation of B-sides was released in June 2005 entitled Out-of-State Plates.
Walk with Me in Hell was certified gold by RIAA in August the same year.
The following is a complete Cake discography.
Each of these carried the message: Dedicated to our brother Paul Vincent Raven 1961–2007.
Sparks' self-titled debut studio album was released in November 2007.
It debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 chart and spawned the successful singles "Dirrty", "Beautiful", "Fighter", "Can't Hold Us Down" and "The Voice Within".
Christmas with Friends, Zelmerlöw's third studio album, was released in November 2010.
"Tiring Game" was released as the second single from the album on 26 August 2015.
Pixies agreed to a United States distribution deal with Elektra Records before releasing their third album, Doolittle.
This is the discography of rapper Paul Wall.
Fiona's debut album The Bridge was released in 2009; she collaborated with Future Cut, Vada Nobles, Stereotypes, J. Phoenix and Peter Wade Keusch.
A third and final single, "Resolution" was released, however, it only reached number 77 on the Pop 100.
Between then and 1990, Raven had six songs reach No.
The discography of Australian rock group, The Saints consists of thirteen studio albums, seventeen singles, six EPs, two live albums and ten compilation albums.
The album was released in Asia on 23 March 2012, and in Europe and US on 8 October 2012.
He represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany in the second semi-final on 12 May 2011 with the song "Popular".
During that time, she released her debut EP, titled 1991, which received favorable reviews from music critics.
As of December 2016, Pentatonix has sold 4.5 million albums in total in the United States.
The second single "Love Me" was released failed to make impact on the Billboard Hot 100 and therefore failed to chart in the United States.
Powerful images of strong Italian women inspired the look of her first album.
The album, which peaked at number 39 on the UK Albums Chart, produced three singles: "Wardance", "Change" and "Requiem".
The song essentially is just tongue clicks, keyboards and a drum machine beat, which compared to much early 2000s rap, was very minimalist.
The second live album was released in December 2010 containing recordings from one of the May 22, 2010 concerts.
The single "Man in the Box", which reached number 18 on the mainstream rock chart, helped Facelift achieve double Platinum status.
The album debuted at number 152 on the US Billboard 200, selling 119,000 copies.
The discography of Aaliyah, an American singer, dancer, actress & model, contains three studio albums, two compilation albums and 26 singles.
The next two recordings were collections of compositions by Sergei Rachmaninoff and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
The discography of The Bangles, an American all-female band, consists of five studio albums, two compilation albums, one extended play, twenty-two singles and three video albums.
"With Arms Wide Open" also topped the Billboard Hot 100.
The Civil Wars was a group composed of singer-songwriters Joy Williams and John Paul White.
The band reformed in 2014, and after touring for several years, released their first new material in over two decades, Slowdive.
These figures do not account for material released by members' side projects.
1 hits on the Billboard Pop and Country charts.
The band's fourth album, Good Mourning, was released in 2003 on Vagrant, reaching #1 on Billboard's Top Independent Albums chart and #20 on the Billboard 200.
The School of Medicine is part of NYU Langone Medical Center, named after Kenneth Langone, the investment banker and financial backer of the Home Depot.
There was a four-year break before their third album, Clinging to a Scheme was released in 2010.
The third and final single, Thunder, was released on 8 December 2013, and reached 18 in the UK and Ireland.
During Selena's tenth death anniversary her brother's band Kumbia Kings released a remix video of "Baila esta cumbia" in March 2005.
The album's tour resulted in the band's first video album, 2003's Everywhere but Home.
This article documents the singles discography of American country artist Tanya Tucker.
Decca also released two posthumous studio albums in 1964 of previously unreleased material: A Portrait of Patsy Cline and That's How a Heartache Begins.
Their discography consists of eight studio albums, one compilation album, eight extended plays, fifteen singles, three promotional singles, two documentaries, and seventeen music videos.
Forever, Medina's second English studio album, was released in June 2012.
On 2 April 2012, Killing Joke released their 15th studio album, MMXII on Spinefarm Records/Universal.
After setting up their own record label, Whack Records, Sneaky Sound System released their self-titled debut studio album in 2006.
In the United States, the song was certified Platinum and has sold 1.5 million copies.
It won a Japan Record Award for Best Album and a Japan Gold Disc Award for Pop Album of the Year.
T.I.P., in 2007, which went on to become his second consecutive number-one album.
In 1999, Dr. Dre released his second studio album 2001.
Eight months later, Harrison released a North American edition of K.I.S.S.
Pilotpriest is Anthony Scott Burns' DJ name.
*@ Like a Suicide a year before.
"Dakota" was released in 2005 and brought Stereophonics their only UK number one single; its parent album Language.
The compilation album Capricorn One: Singles & Rarities was released in 2010, collecting tracks from the band's split releases and several unreleased demos.
The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, and became the band's highest charting album on the UK Albums Chart with a sixth spot.
He is signed to BMF Records, Universal Music Australia and Island Records Australia.
"One More Time", the album's first single, became a number-one hit in France and on the Billboard dance chart.
"Shut 'Em Down 2002" is an unorthodox remix of Public Enemy's "Shut 'Em Down" a la Pete Rock.
On Loud, The Beatnuts released 2001's Take It or Squeeze It, but they soon left the label to join the indie label Landspeed Records.
Carlisle's first solo album Belinda was released in 1986 on I.R.S.
Rogue Traders were formed in Melbourne, Australia in 2000 by DJs James Ash and Steve Davis.
He released his self-titled debut album in November 2013, which features selected songs he performed as part of the top twelve on The X Factor.
The single "Andalucia" preceded the album in March 2010.
Pallot's fifth studio album, The Sound and the Fury, is released in September 2015; it was preceded by the single "The Road".
The single is one of Snoop Dogg's biggest hits in the UK for peaking at number 13 and number 54on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Her debut single, "Candy", peaked at number forty-one on the US Billboard Hot 100, and was certified Gold by the RIAA.
To see recordings by System of a Down, see System of a Down discography.
The discography of Nick Carter, an American pop singer, consists of two studio album, one compilation album, five singles and four music videos.
He has stated that the work of which he is most proud is Berlin's "Take My Breath Away".
They also released one EP under the name Sons of Kyuss.
His performance in the same musical also earned him the Haruko Sugimura Award and an award nomination for best actor in the 10th Yomiuri Drama Awards.
The discography of American R&B girl group TLC contains five studio albums, five compilation albums and twenty-one singles.
It also became the first album in chart history to chart within the UK Albums Chart top 20 solely based on digital sales.
Winwood released his next album, Junction Seven in 1997, which gained mixed reviews and had less success.
The two singles released followed a similar pattern as her debut—"Kick Back Relax" peaked at number two and "Champion" at number 19.
We Butter the Bread with Butter originally started as a duo, but has since become a quartet.
The third studio album, Fumbling Towards Ecstasy became McLachlan's mainstream breakthrough album in Canada and the United States.
In 2002 the band released their next album, Nothing.
Jok's final remaining comic was published on July 17, 2016, just two days after its 25 anniversary of publication.
In 2008 the Pigeon Detectives released their second album, Emergency and have so far released the single This Is An Emergency which charted at #14.
Two singles were released from the album: "Once" and "The Boy Who Murdered Love", with "Once" peaking at number one in the UK.
The exposure from the MTV show helped the album.
The discography of Imelda May, an Irish rockabilly musician and singer-songwriter, comprises five studio albums, ten singles and several music videos.
A new studio album, Disappear, was released in 2001 and found the band returning to their hardcore punk roots.
The second single, "TTYLXOX", was released on March 6, reaching 97 on the US Billboard Hot 100 charts.
It is one of several Platinum-selling albums for Jackson.
Weiland departed the band in April 2008, before RCA dropped the group later in the year.
The band has also released nine singles.
"Koi ni Ochitara" became Crystal Kay's most successful single, being certified for a million ringtone downloads.
Loona was first featured on numeous of singles by DJ Sammy under the artist name Carisma.
Chocolate Factory contained the hip hop-influenced singles "Thoia Thoing" and "Snake" and the slow jam "Step in the Name of Love".
Gabe's friendship with Pete Wentz earned them an opening slot on the Fall Out Boy tour.
A cover of Sheryl Crow's "First Cut Is The Deepest" was posted on Cosgrove's official YouTube channel on July 21, 2013.
Kära vinter, Zelmerlöw's fourth studio album, was released in December 2011.
His single "Returner", released on June 20, 2007, was his first and only single to reach the number one spot on the Oricon charts to date.
Following Sandé's performance of "Read All About It, Pt.
Burnley, asserting that the two had acted without consulting him, fired Fink and Klepaski.
Their fourth studio album, ¿Dónde Está La Luz?, was released on February 1, 2005, considered by critics "their heaviest album to date".
"Time Is Running Out" was the band's first single to reach the UK Singles Chart top ten, peaking at number 8.
Although it only reached number 38 on the Billboard 200, the album was certified platinum by RIAA.
Cattle Decapitation have released seven albums, the most recent being The Anthropocene Extinction in 2015.
The release of their second studio album, Animal, brought the group to the attention to the Interscope Records subsidiary Cherrytree Records, who signed them.
After releasing three commercially unsuccessful albums between 1980 and 1982, Tucker made a successful comeback in 1986 on Capitol Records with Girls Like Me.
In 2003 they published the album The Flame, recorded entirely in Spain with the American producer Rick Will.
John Lennon was an English singer-songwriter and one of the four principal members of The Beatles.
Hot Snakes disbanded in 2005 but reunited in 2011.
This is the discography documenting albums and singles released by American R&B/soul group The Isley Brothers.
The discography of Fionn Regan, an Irish folk musician and singer-songwriter, consists of five studio albums, five extended plays and seven singles.
Powdered hot chocolate mixes, which can be added to boiling water or hot milk to make the drink at home, are sold at grocery stores.
Van Halen's last release for Warner was the 2004 compilation Best of Both Worlds, which featured three new songs with Hagar.
It was also their first international success, entering the UK Albums Chart at number 56.
Its title track peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100.
The album topped the charts in the United Kingdom, earning a silver certification from the BPI.
His 1965 album, Moods of Marvin Gaye, became his first album to reach the top ten of the R&B album charts and spawned four hit singles.
The band's original members consisted of vocalist Dani Filth, guitarist Paul Ryan, keyboardist Ben Ryan, bassist John Pritchard and drummer Darren Gardner.
"Hollywood" was the highest-peaking single from the album, reaching number 12 on the UK Singles Chart.
It also peaked at number 12 on the Billboard 200.
Stone's debut studio album, The Soul Sessions, was released in September 2003, consisting mostly of cover versions of soul songs from the 1960s and 1970s.
It fared better in the UK, reaching number three.
The discography of American rapper Memphis Bleek consists of four studio albums, twelve mixtapes, seventeen singles and fifteen music videos.
The discography of Clawfinger, a Swedish rap metal band, consists of 8 albums, 20 singles and 19 videos.
As of July 2014, Ultraviolence has sold more than one million copies worldwide.
The discography of Steve Winwood, a British rock artist, consists of nine studio albums, two live albums, six compilation albums, and twenty five singles.
The discography for Collin Raye, an American country music singer, comprises 12 studio albums and 39 singles.
The following are all the albums and singles released by the Danish pop-soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock.
The album spawned three singles, all of which charted on the Billboard Hot 100.
By mid-1985, Kelly had formed Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls and their first single was "Before Too Long" in June 1986, which peaked at No.
In addition, O'Connor also released four video albums, and overall thirty-four singles.
As a lead artist, Sparro has released ten singles and five promotional singles.
English singer Sam Smith has released one studio album, one extended play, and seven singles, and two featured singles.
It consists of entirely the same members using aliases, with the addition of a programmer.
The discography of David Gilmour, the lead guitarist of Pink Floyd, consists of four studio albums and six singles.
20 in the book, 100 Best Australian Albums, in October 2010.
The following year, she released the studio albums This Is Barbara Mandrell and Midnight Angel, which were composed of a more commercial country pop sound.
Currently estimated sales of their products all in more than twenty million copies worldwide.
Harris won a Grammy for it, in the category Best Contemporary Folk Recording.
Vuelve also included "La Bomba", "Perdido Sin Ti" and "Por Arriba, Por Abajo".
By 1996, Travis' chart success was waning, with none of the singles from Full Circle reaching higher than number 24.
Fat Wreck Chords released The Original Cowboy, a collection of demo recordings from the Eternal Cowboy sessions.
She is the first and only artist in history to produce seven top five hits from one album, Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814.
"Cell Mates" has been released as a single and music video from the mariachi album, and a video has also been released for "Holy".
On March 1969 they released the third studio album The Velvet Underground.
Yeah Yeah Yeahs released their third studio album, It's Blitz!, in April 2009.
In 2014, New York University School of Medicine attracted over $304.5 million in external research funding from the National Institutes of Health alone.
Leading single "No One" reached the top thirty of the Swiss Single Chart.
The following is a detailed discography for American rock music singer-songwriter, Lisa Loeb.
The album went on to receive a triple platinum certification from the RIAA.
It topped the charts in countries such as France, Australia and Austria.
It produced one single, "High Noon", which peaked at number 22 in the UK.
The album peaked at number one on the UK Albums Chart and was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry.
The single released on March 22, 2013.
Interpol's first release for the label was the self-titled Interpol EP in June 2002.
Its singles included "Don't Bring Me Down", "Breathe Me", "Where I Belong" and "Numb".
Her second album, Bless This Mess reached No.
The band released their first single "Caught by the Fuzz" on small independent record label, Backbeat records, on a limited run of 500.
Bogguss' breakthrough album, Aces, was released in 1991.
A few mixtapes were released, as well.
The album's fifth single, "Super Bass", peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and reached the top ten in multiple other countries.
Volbeat recorded their self-titled demo in 2002, followed by another demo called Beat the Meat.
Shakira's eighth studio album, She Wolf, deviated from her signature latin pop and pop rock styles, instead exploring the electropop genre.
The discography of Ai Otsuka, a Japanese singer-songwriter, contains five studio albums, two compilation albums, eleven live DVD albums, and twenty-two singles.
The show is set in the fictional town of Springfield, and lampoons American culture, society, and many aspects of the human condition.
The album was commercially successful, earning a three times platinum certification in the United Kingdom, and gold in the United States.
The band was inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association Hall of Fame in September.
The song reached number one in France, stayed at the top position for twelve weeks, and has sold one million copies in this country, alone.
For the film's soundtrack, Matsu performed five piano songs.
She had her final major hit with 1966's "It's All Over But the Crying", which went to #14 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart.
The Strength/The Sound/The Songs was released as Volbeat's debut album in September 2005 and reached number eighteen on the Tracklisten chart in Denmark.
Rybak made a return to Eurovision in 2012 and 2016, playing the violin during both interval acts.
9; and a number one album, Wake Up!.
After the album release, the band members pursued solo careers.
Midnight Oil began under the name Farm in 1972, establishing their own record label 'Powderworks' in 1977.
Sebastian's seventh and eighth albums were mixtures of soul, R&B and pop.
Liza!, It Amazes Me, There Is a Time, Liza Minnelli, Come Saturday Morning, New Feelin', The Singer, Tropical Nights, Results, Gently, and Confessions.
He also played as a sideman on many more.
After receiving many offers, they opted for the Jive Records label, an independent rap label.
This is the discography of American rapper Lil B.
Their first promotional single, "Vacation" was released on June 18, 2013.
In 1994, he relocated to New York in the United States of America and began working on upcoming album.
Don't Sweat the Technique was the duo's fourth studio album.
This is a comprehensive discography of Pitchshifter, an industrial metal band from the United Kingdom.
The album was certified gold by the RIAA.
Sergeant and Pattinson were joined by Noel Burke as lead singer, Damon Reece on drums and Jake Brockman on keyboards.
His debut with this band is considered a "masterpiece", which was followed with a series of top-ten releases.
After several guest appearances, mixtapes and independent releases, he released his major-label debut album Live from the Kitchen, in 2012.
Among the hits was a cover version of Climie Fishers "Love Changes"; it peaked to #2 on the Danish Singles Chart.
The first single from the album "Mighty O" peaked at number 77 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Further reunion concerts occurred in 2008 and 2011, and an Australian tour took place in 2013.
They have not currently announced a permanent drummer since Jon Rice's one-off appearance in 2016.
The album released one single called Why'd You Leave Me on Christmas.
The Wonderful World of Julie London, her twentieth studio release, also reached the Billboard 200 chart.
This is a comprehensive discography of official recordings by Vertical Horizon, an American alternative band originally from Washington, D.C.
A theme song single was also released in 2010.
They released a third album in December 2001 only in Greece, titled Me Logia Ellinika, a compilation of past remixes, videos, and new songs.
Following his tour that resulted in the 1992 Live in Japan album, Harrison again stepped back from full-time musical activity.
Allman released his debut studio album, Laid Back, in 1973; it charted at number 13 on Billboard's Top Pop Albums chart and went gold.
Both the single and album experienced success in Australia and New Zealand in February 2009, with "Gives You Hell" peaking at No.
Manic Street Preachers are an alternative rock band from Blackwood, Wales, formed in 1986.
This is the discography for rapper Warren G.
First single "Walk" was released on same date with brand name SimPati and also peaked at number one in the Rolling Stone Indonesia.
The album yielded one single: a cover of Stevie Wonder's "With a Child's Heart".
The band is known for its make-up and stage antics, which influenced many artists who later used similar effects in their concerts.
Linkin Park Underground, the band's official fan club, annually releases EPs with rare tracks, demos, live recordings and remixes.
"Toxygene" became their first UK top five single and also charted at number 23 in Ireland.
They also perform in a live DVD by Buck-Tick.
The song also became an international success, charting inside the top 10 in several countries.
This is the discography of the alternative rock band Angels & Airwaves.
The band is known for its many members, varied in race and gender.
In November 2010, the band released their second greatest hits album, titled Greatest Hits.
Ghanaian rapper Sarkodie has released three studio albums, one collaborative album and one yet to be released live album.
After this album, he switched to DreamWorks Records, where he charted three straight Top Ten hits from the album You and You Alone.
This is the discography of American rapper Currensy.
"Lean wit It, Rock wit It", the album's second single, became their highest charting single on the Hot 100, where it reached a peak of #7.
She then collaborated with Korn in 2007 on an acoustic rendition of "Freak on a Leash", which reached number 89 on Billboard Hot 100.
In 2005, Nørgaard returned as a solo artist with the single "Popstar", which was written by Swedish singer Robyn.
The discography of Kurupt, an American rapper, spans two decades and consists of six studio albums, three compilation albums, one EP and seven singles.
In 2008, he released his second studio album, iSouljaBoyTellem; the album produced the top ten Billboard Hot 100 single "Kiss Me Thru The Phone".
Johnson's first album was the result of his primary hobbies, film-making and surfing.
Mary Chapin Carpenter has sold about 8.5 million records according to the Recording Industry Association of America.
Thees Uhlmann, born April 16, 1974  in Hemmoor, Lower Saxony, is a German musician and author.
Remarkably, New Order's first eight singles released between 1981 and 1984 were not taken from any album.
The second single "The Perfect Mistake" was released in September and charted at number 39 on Pop Songs.
His first extended play, Zéro, was released in 2010.
The singer's debut single, "Bumpy Ride" is the first release on RedOne's label 2101 Records, a joint venture with Universal.
It peaked at number 12, but only one single from the album charted, and it has not been certified.
In 2011, Park released his first Korean mini-album Take a Deeper Look, consisting of seven songs, mainly written and composed by himself.
Although they had been recording since the mid-1970s, Estefan's breakthrough came when Miami Sound Machine released the single "Dr.
The album's lead single, "Boyfriend", reached the number one spot in Canada and peaked at number two in the US.
Despite debuting on the charts at #2, the album failed to reach the commercial success of her previous releases.
In 2011, Bieber released the remix album Never Say Never: The Remixes, which topped the charts in Canada and the United States.
He has also recorded 12 songs for soundtracks.
It produced the gold and platinum-certified top-twenty singles, "Player's Anthem", "Get Money", and "I Need You Tonight".
The band's third studio album, The Winter of Mixed Drinks, was released in 2010, with the band signing to Atlantic Records later that year.
They have released 6 studio albums which in total have sold about 15 million copies worldwide.
The single peaked atop the Gaon Digital Chart and charted at number three on the Billboard World Digital Songs.
This is a comprehensive discography of Face to Face, a Southern California-based punk rock band.
A collection of demos and rare recordings were released as the Rare Trax album in 2001.
The discography of the rock band L7.
The album saw the release of a further four songs, all of which failed to chart on the Sverigetopplistan.
This article contains the discography of American R&B singer Jaheim.
Crayon Pop is a South Korean girl group formed by Chrome Entertainment in 2012.
Deerhunter was formed in 2001 by vocalist Bradford Cox and drummer Moses Archuleta.
In 2015, Taylor released another live album, Georgia On My Mind: Live in Atlanta, 1981, and another studio album, Before This World.
The album spawned the single "Follow Us", a collaboration with rock group Vonnegutt.
Partially recorded prior to Keenan's death, it was the final Broadcast release to feature her vocals.
Inside Wants Out, as well as continued performances, brought Mayer to the attention of independent record label Aware Records.
In addition, they have also contributed to tribute albums to the manga Nana and the rock bands Luna Sea and Buck-Tick.
Prism became an international success, reaching number one in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, United Kingdom, and the United States.
Over the years they have released 21 studio albums, 2 live albums, 29 compilation albums and 75 singles.
Her sixth studio album Everybody Knows spawned Yearwood's fourth number one single, "Believe Me Baby".
The song also became their first Top 5 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, as well as their third #1 on the Alternative Songs chart.
This was Finland's first ever music album released in USB format.
The Bridge also earned her a NAACP Image Award nomination for Outstanding New Artist.
Featuring the track's producer Labrinth, the single debuted at number one on the UK chart.
Since the late 1970s, the group have cultivated a legacy as innovators within popular music, with sales of more than 40 million records to date.
The ninth Pet Shop Boys studio album, Fundamental, came in May 2006, reaching number five in the UK.
Ishikawa has released recordings from Nippon Columbia, Pony Canyon and Teichiku Records.
Their latest album, IX, was released on July 1, 2014.
The band released its debut album One Day Remains in August 2004 on Wind-up Records, which reached number five on the US Billboard 200.
in 2000, the group signed to TVT Records.
The band's debut studio album, Revolution Girl Style Now!, was released in 1991.
54 on the US Billboard 200 and selling 13,000 copies in its first week of release.
Underwood rose to fame after winning the fourth season of American Idol in 2005.
Bitter Suites to Succubi was released on the band's own Abracadaver label in the UK and Spitfire Records in the US in 2001.
Five of his albums have been awarded a certification by the Recording Industry Association of America.
It was founded in 2001 by Curtis Knapp and Adrian Orange.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
In 2004 their first album Poisoned Goulash became a major hit gathering their previously performed tracks.
In 2001 the band went on indefinite hiatus, with Bixler-Zavala and Rodríguez-López forming The Mars Volta while Ward, Hinojos, and Hajjar formed Sparta.
The discography of American pop singer and actress Mandy Rain consists of one extended play, and six singles
The second season of the anime series titled Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's directed by Keizō Kusakawa was broadcast in 2005 spanning thirteen episodes.
1 on the Christian and Gospel charts.
The track also marked Green's first international certification award, with the Australian Recording Industry Association certifying it as platinum.
A month later, the group returned to the South Korean music scene with Day by Day, followed by a reissue titled Mirage.
In June 2008, Columbia Records released the iCarly soundtrack, which featured four songs performed by Cosgrove, peaked number twenty-eight on Billboard 200.
The album peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 and spawned three singles, including the hit single "Blue Orchid".
The band has released two studio albums through Victory Records as well as an independent EP.
The band's debut album Twisted Wheel, produced by the highly acclaimed Dave Sardy, was recorded in June 2008 and released on 13 April 2009.
The album sold more than 38,000 copies on the first day of release, and shot up to third place on the daily albums charts in Japan.
The following year saw the release of their second album Everything Changes.
The band was signed to independent record label Switchflicker Records in 2006 and released their limited-edition debut single, "Fruit Machine", the following year.
The core of the discography is the original soundtrack album produced by Key Sounds Label in 2015.
This article presents the complete oeuvre of American musician, composer and record producer Kramer, including his work as a band member and collaborating artist.
The campaign to raise £5 million was fronted by Kirsty Howard, a seven-year-old girl with a serious heart defect.
It was his first album not to be produced by the noted production team of Stock Aitken Waterman.
The group consists of five members: Solji, LE, Hani, Hyelin and Jeonghwa.
In 2015, Whitehead began playing the role of Davis, a musician, in the critically acclaimed Showtime series, Shameless.
DeLuna first rose to fame in 2007, when she released her debut single "Whine Up".
The album produced two more singles; "Little Me" and the top 10 hit and title track "Salute".
Let the Truth Be Told was later nominated for the 2009 Choice Music Prize and earned Izibor a BET Award nomination for Best UK/Irish Act.
Their music is distributed by HIM International Music in Taiwan, by WOW Music in Hong Kong and by Pony Canyon in Japan.
His first mainstream success was the 1976 album Oxygène.
This is the discography of American singer Iggy Pop.
In June 2014, RIAA certified his song "Not Afraid" Diamond thus making Eminem the first artist with two digital Diamond awards by RIAA.
With a second decade of sizeable hits, Gloria continued her career as a solo artist.
It inaugurated his own Paisley Park record label, and eschewing Purple Rain 's rock and metal elements, headed off into psychedelic influences and instrumentation.
Her discography includes three studio albums, six singles, four music videos to date.
This article presents the discography of all albums and singles released by the American pop rock group Cartel.
In the 1970s, Wells' chart success began to decline and her albums remained absent from the Billboard lists.
In Flames signed with Century Media after completing their recording contract with Nuclear Blast in 2011.
The single "Soul Meets Body" was the band's first to chart on the Billboard Hot 100.
The discography of the American country music duo The Bellamy Brothers consists of 29 studio albums and 70 singles.
In 1996, Hagar left Van Halen amidst much tension with the rest of the band.
The first and lead single from the album, "Boss", debuted at number 43 on the Billboard Hot 100, earning the group their first top fifty entry.
The band's first video album, 2002's Live at Home, was certified double platinum by Music Canada and gold by the RIAA.
After touring in support of IV for over a year, Godsmack released a greatest hits album called Good Times, Bad Times...
Miller began his career in 2007 as a member of the hip hop group The Ill Spoken before deciding to pursue a solo career.
American singer and songwriter Elle King has released one studio album, one extended play, six singles, four promotional singles, five music videos, and other album appearances.
Gravity was also dubbed the most important album in Christian hip hop history.
Its follow-on live album Indigo Nights, a collection of aftershow performances at the venue, was marketed within an expensive coffee-table book.
Adams followed this with You Want It You Got It, which peaked at number 118 on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold in Canada.
This is a near-complete list of recordings made by the South African vocal group Ladysmith Black Mambazo.
This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by Faith Evans, an American R&B, hip hop and soul singer.
He then collaborated with fellow Atlanta-based rapper Bone Crusher and Killer Mike, for the song "Never Scared".
Katri Marianne Ylander is a Finnish singer who rose to popularity after placing second in Idols Finland 2, the Finnish version of Pop Idol.
In 2011, La Roux won a Grammy Award for Best Electronic/Dance Album.
Springsteen also released one studio and live album with The Sessions Band.
Following the band's breakup, Hatfield went on to fame as a solo artist, and Strohm and Love continued to perform together in the Indiana-based group Antenna.
It has stayed for an entire month in the top ten.
It reached number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming her third consecutive top 15 single.
After the disbandment of Destiny's Child in 2005, Rowland was featured on Trina's top-twenty single, "Here We Go".
Enrique Iglesias has sold over 140 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling Spanish artists of all time.
Refugees of the Heart contained more Soul-inspired elements, debuting at #26 on the UK Albums Chart and #27 on the Billboard 200.
In 2002 she released a self-titled album with the girl group Sha Li Mar, who rose to fame in the TV2 show Venner for livet.
The album contains songs from previous Imagica demos, which would follow a long tradition of the band remixing new versions of old songs.
The discography of Kodaline, a Dublin-based Irish alternative rock quartet, consists of two studio albums, three extended plays, ten singles and seven music videos.
The trio's third single, "Guilt" made its premiere when Zane Lowe selected it as his Hottest Record in the World on 22 February 2011.
The year 2005 saw the release of the band's first compilation album, Greatest Hits.
Atkins produced records for Perry Como, Elvis Presley, Eddy Arnold, Don Gibson, Jim Reeves, Jerry Reed, Skeeter Davis, Connie Smith, Waylon Jennings, and many others.
Since 2008 they worked in the UK under Virgin Records, a sub-label of EMI Records:
As of April 2011, Ricky Martin has sold over 15 million copies worldwide, making it his best selling-album.
", a song that became the singer's first number-one in Canada.
A compilation album containing previously released vocal tracks was released in 2016.
March 2007 saw the release of "Walk This Way", a charity single for Comic Relief, performed in collaboration with Sugababes.
Bat for Lashes worked extensively with producers Dan Carey and David Kosten in recording her third studio album The Haunted Man.
The discography of American rock band Interpol consists of five studio albums, seven extended plays, and fifteen singles.
Usher's success continued in 2001 with his third studio album 8701.
The album debuted at number nine on the US Billboard 200 and in March 2010 the album was certified gold by Recording Industry Association of America.
During the span of her career, she has sold over 5 million albums.
Their fifth single "Oh Cecilia", which previously appeared on the album, was released on 12 October 2014 featuring Shawn Mendes.
See Prince albums discography for his albums.
The discography of Rosenstolz, a German pop duo from Berlin, includes 12 studio albums and at least 40 singles, released between 1992 and 2012.
The discography of the Serbian punk rock–post-punk band Pekinška Patka comprises two studio albums, three singles, and one compilation album.
They recorded and released three studio albums, plus a number of charting singles, before eventually disbanding in 2005.
The title track" reached number 2 in the US and follow-up single "Bootylicious" was their fourth number one song.
The group came to further popularity in 2002 with the release of Cam'ron's third album, Come Home With Me.
His 2000 release Physicist reached number 80 in Japan, and was followed by the 2001 release Terria which charted in France and Japan.
The discography of American hard rock band Black Stone Cherry consists of 5 studio albums, 3 compilation albums, 1 live album, 3 EPs and 11 singles.
BeForU was a J-Pop group from December 31, 2000 to December 12, 2007.
Crystal Kay debuted as a singer at 13 years of age in 1999 under Epic Records Japan.
The second single off the album "En Que Fallamos" peaked at No.
On 17 December, Humes revealed that the group were to release a follow-up album to Evolution in 2013.
Some Gave All was also the best-selling album of 1992 in the US with 4,832,000 copies.
In 2014, Tulisa announced that she would have to have had released at least four hit singles before releasing a second solo album.
In 2006, OMD reformed with Humphreys back in the fold and have been releasing material from 2010 onward, while continuing to regain European chart prominence.
Smith has sold more than 15 million records worldwide.
In September 2009, Heinzmann's second album Roots to Grow was released.
It reached number two in the UK, and produced two singles.
In June 2011, The Foreign Exchange released their live CD/DVD, Dear Friends: An Evening With The Foreign Exchange, which features Smith as one of three vocalists.
To date, Chipmunk has released 13 singles, the second of which was "Beast" which featured Loick Essien.
In 1979 and 1981, Taylor respectively released Flag and Dad Loves His Work, which both certified platinum in the United States and produced Top 40 singles.
As of 2008, she signed to Warner Bros. Records but left and then signed to Rico Love's Division1 label.
RuPaul reached commercial success in the United States with his debut album, Supermodel of the World, which reached number 109 on the US Billboard 200.
The third album, Emotive, was released in November 2004, selling 142,000 copies its debut week.
The band has sold over 85 million records worldwide, including more than 30 million in the United States alone.
The album peaked at number twenty on the Billboard 200, number three on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
Monkey Majik have four certified albums by the RIAJ, including the platinum Sora wa Marude.
As a result, the album was less commercially successful compared to its predecessor.
The album charted in the UK, Canada, the Netherlands, France, Sweden, and Japan.
Allegedly due to their record label's struggles, Sunny Day Real Estate broke up in 2001.
The discography of Australian R&B recording artist Jessica Mauboy consists of three studio albums, one live album, one soundtrack album, one extended play, and thirty-four singles.
The album peaked at number 28 on the Australian Top 100 Albums Chart and received platinum certification by the Australian Recording Industry Association.
The Strokes discography consists of five studio albums, two extended plays, twelve singles, one video album and fifteen music videos.
In March 2011, the group released its first career-retrospective compilation album B-Sides & Rarities, followed by B-Sides & Rarities Volume II later in the year.
This article gives the discography for the British rock band The Pigeon Detectives.
In the UK it stayed at the top of the UK Singles Chart for seven weeks and went on to sell over six million copies worldwide.
His music is considered among the most sung with his music being sung in over 3.12 million churches worldwide.
The album was a massive success, selling 134,000 copies in its first three years of release in the US.
Oasis' fourth studio album Standing on the Shoulder of Giants was released in February 2000, reaching number one in the UK and Ireland.
German DJ and record producer Paul van Dyk has released seven studio albums and 29 singles.
His next three albums – each released eleven years apart – developed and expanded his new direction.
Canadian singer Celine Dion has released twenty-six studio albums, seven live albums, seventeen compilation albums, and twenty-one box sets.
His fifth album Roll with It was released on Virgin Records in 1988, spawning the title track as the lead single.
He has also produced and starred in the feature films Big Money Hustlas and Big Money Rustlas.
Suzy Bogguss is an American country music singer-songwriter.
It was also certified double Platintum in Belgium, Platinum in Australia, and Gold in Germany, Switzerland, Sweden and the Netherlands.
The album also featured a duet with Cleo of girl group Cleopatra on the song "Someone Like You".
The discography of South Korean girl group Ladies' Code consists of three extended plays, two single albums and eight singles.
The latter is also his highest-charting album on Top Country Albums, at number 3.
The album peaked at number three on the Billboard 200, at age 15.
De Facto was a dub reggae band which included Cedric Bixler-Zavala, Omar Rodríguez-López, Isaiah "Ikey" Owens and Jeremy Michael Ward.
Four singles were released from In Rainbows, including "Nude", the band's first top forty hit on the US Billboard Hot 100 since "Creep".
In 1997, he was signed to Atlantic Records.
The album peaked within the top five in the US, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the UK.
Further singles "Move Right Out" and "Never Knew Love" were less successful.
Silverchair reunited after Wave Aid in 2005, and released Young Modern in 2007.
Following the release of her twelfth studio album in 1985, Gayle collaborated with Gary Morris to record What If We Fall in Love?.
This article documents the discography of American country artist Bonnie Guitar.
Her albums Mariah Carey, Music Box, Daydream and The Emancipation of Mimi are among the top 100 certified albums according to the RIAA.
The group released their self-titled debut album All Saints in November 1997.
In 2015, Norwood made guest appearances on numerous singles, including "Magic" with Mystery Skulls and "The Girl Is Mine" with 99 Souls.
In November 1998, Houston came back to pop music full-time with My Love Is Your Love, which returned her to heavy rotation.
Allen's first studio album, Alright, Still, was released shortly after.
Marino spent the vast majority of his career mastering at Sterling Sound from 1973 until his death in 2012.
Cannibal Corpse is a five-piece American death metal band formed in 1988 in Buffalo, New York.
American alternative rock band Lifehouse has released seven studio albums, three extended plays, one DVD, and sixteen singles.
to his SoundCloud account to promote his upcoming extended play, Quantum Physical, Vol.
In this year alone he was involved in the release of over 50 CDs.
Dan Seals was an American country music artist.
In 1989, Hagen signed with Mercury Records, on which label she released three new albums.
In 1999, China's Pop Songs Chart Committee presented Zhao the "Best Potential Award" for her debut album.
Abandon All Ships are a Canadian metalcore band from Toronto, Ontario.
Brokop's most recent album, Beautiful Tragedy, was issued in 2008.
The discography of South Korean singer and actress Lee Jung-hyun consists of nine studio albums, two extended plays, and one remix album.
Epic Rap Battles of History Season 2 was digitally released on May 22, 2013 on iTunes through Maker Studios.
"C'est la Vie" was released as the lead single from the album on 21 January 2008.
The two follow up albums, Eye of the Zombie and Blue Moon Swamp, were both certified Gold in the United States.
American singer Frank Ocean has released two studio albums, one collaboration album, two mixtapes, nine singles and eight music videos.
The album also produced top-ten single "Blowing Kisses in the Wind" and moderate hits "Vibeology" and "Will You Marry Me?".
Womack's self-titled debut album was released in May 1997 on Decca Nashville Records.
Knight has also released twenty-eight solo singles and twenty-six solo music videos.
With Hill's first albums, she was largely marketed as a country artist and her singles found major success on country radio.
In early 2014, Wynter formed a 5-piece band called The Righteous Young, of which she is the lead singer.
The song was also a worldwide number one hit, topping the charts in 24 other countries, including the U.S., Australia, and Germany.
In late 2010, she released an extended play titled Grown-Up Christmas List.
As of December 2014, Jay-Z sold 55 million studio albums worldwide.
"Dancer peaked at #46 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1979.
Under Rug Swept, her following release, debuted at number one in 12 countries, including the United States, and produced the hit single "Hands Clean".
While commercially successful and a fan favorite, the band have vociferously objected to its publication.
Keyshia Cole, who had not garnered a reputation at that time and was therefore left uncredited.
It also peaked at number six on the US Billboard Hot 100, and seventeen on Billboard's R&B/Hip-Hop chart.
Mizuki released two albums in 2007, her first compilation album The Museum, which peaked at No.
This is the discography for the work of rock band Throwing Muses.
Two soundtracks were released for the first anime series in 2002 produced by Movic.
She has sold over 60 million records as a solo artist and as a member of the Pussycat Dolls.
The Colorado Avalanche are a professional ice hockey team based in Denver, Colorado.
The band was formed in February 2011 and consists of writer members Michael Aicken and Ruth Aicken alongside an alternating line-up of musicians.
"Swimming Pools", the album's lead single, peaked at number 17 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and became his first top 20 hit on the chart.
His third studio album, A Medio Vivir, was released in September 1995 by Sony Latin.
She is the top country artist and the fifth highest-certified female artist on the RIAA Top Artists Ranking.
Sonic Syndicate is a Swedish heavy metal band.
His third album, See You Tonight, was released on October 15, 2013.
Their discography includes thirteen studio albums, two live albums, two compilation albums, and an EP.
"Promises" and then "Once You've Tasted Love" followed in 1992.
No Mercy included the lead single "Get Back Up", which features American singer Chris Brown, and "That's All She Wrote", which features American rapper Eminem.
The show was produced by Charles/Burrows/Charles Productions in association with Paramount Network Television.
It peaked at number six in Sweden and number 14 on the US Billboard 200, and received platinum certifications in both countries.
His first solo album, Dragonfly, was released in 2003, followed by Love Is My Religion in 2006.
He sang in Magnetic Man's "Getting Nowhere", Kanye West's "All of the Lights", on Slum Village's "Selfish", and Dilated Peoples' "This Way".
It consists of members Joel Kanitz, Ryan Gose, Sean Silverman, and Alex Silverman.
Mr. Mister followed the release of Pull with their eighth compilation album, Playlist: The Best of Mr. Mister.
In addition to leading bands and playing the trombone, Glenn Miller composed music or lyrics to a number of songs.
In 1965, Drake purchased his first guitar and began experimenting with open tunings and fingerpicking, techniques that later became a signature in his music.
The last US AC chart entries include songs from Dion's 2013 album, Loved Me Back to Life: the title track and "Incredible".
Lyle Lovett is an American singer-songwriter and actor.
The Robert Fripp Discography Summary, compiled by John Relph, also lists 120 compilations and 315 unauthorised releases.
Goldie Hill, born Argolda Voncile Hill, was an American country music singer.
My Bloody Valentine signed to Island Records in October 1992 for a reported £250,000 contract, constructing a home studio in Streatham, South London with their advance.
Dr. Dre began his rap career in the World Class Wreckin' Cru in the mid-1980s and performed with the group N.W.A from 1987 to 1991.
The discography of Kittie, a Canadian heavy metal band, consists of six studio albums, one video album, four extended plays, thirteen singles and thirteen music videos.
The following is a discography listing of Gilbert O'Sullivan's officially released works to date.
It was released on May 19, 2009, the album debuted at #5 on the Billboard 200, selling 56,000 copies.
Her debut single, "Smile", was released in 2006 and topped the UK Singles Chart for two weeks.
It spawned two singles: "Honey" and "Soldier".
The album's sixth and final single, "Cosmic Love", peaked at number 51 in the UK and number three in Ireland.
By 1993, Prince had changed his name to an unpronouncable symbol in order to escape the terms of his contract as the Warner-owned product, 'Prince'.
The fourth single from the album is "Blind Faith", which features soul singer/songwriter Liam Bailey and was released in January 2011.
The band released their first Greatest Hits album on 28 November 2011 after announcing indefinite hiatus so the members could focus on solo projects.
's songs for her film, Marie Antoinette.
He made his debut on DJ Playero's Playero 34 mixtape, released in 1991.
It also reached number one in Canada and charted within the top-ten in France, Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
Lee Min-woo, under the name "M", has been a solo singer since 2003, and a member of Korean boyband Shinhwa since 1998.
The band released their fourth studio album Overexposed in June 2012.
It also reached the top ten in Australia and Sweden, and peaked at number 19 on the US Top Heatseekers chart.
In 1996, she signed to Columbia Records and released her first French-language album, Au nom de la lune.
Isobel Campbell debuted in 1996 as cellist and sometime vocalist of indie pop band Belle & Sebastian.
In 1966, they moved to Polydor Records and took the rights to their Brunswick recordings with them.
The song reached number two on both the Billboard country songs chart and the Hot 100.
Costanza left the band shortly afterwards, being replaced by Chris Kontos.
"Million Dollar Player" is the name of her first English language single and it features Leroy Chambers.
His acclaimed 1959 album Kind of Blue is generally stated to be the best-selling jazz album of all time, although the data are not conclusive.
After signing with Sanctuary Records, the group debuted their new lineup on The World Needs a Hero.
In August 2005, the duo released their third album Supernature.
The album peaked at number 30 on the Billboard 200 and number 18 in Australia.
Takk..., released in 2005, produced three singles, "Glósóli", "Hoppípolla" and "Sæglópur".
The album's lead single "Du hast mein Herz gebrochen" became her second number one hit.
They have released one independent and five studio albums, with their latest being Volume 4: Songs in the Key of Love & Hate in December 2009.
reached number-one on the German Singles Chart.
Major chart hits from later albums were "Ich bin ich", "Gib mir Sonne" and "Wir sind am Leben", which peaked at No.
Her second album, Enjoy Yourself was released in 1989.
Walker's debut studio album Introducing Stan Walker, which contained selected songs he performed on Australian Idol, was released on 11 December 2009.
"RaelSan" was released as the lead single from the album, with five more singles released from the album thereafter.
Lynne produced Orbison's final album Mystery Girl, which was released posthumously in February 1989.
In the following year, they released their second album titled The Flood, which also released two singles; "Still YDG'n" and "The Depths", neither charted.
This is the discography of pop/R&B musician Kat DeLuna.
Tiësto's first studio album, In My Memory, produced five major hits: "Dallas 4PM", "Flight 643", "Obsession", "Lethal Industry", and "Suburban Train".
Four singles were released from the album: "Quicksand", "In for the Kill", "Bulletproof" and "I'm Not Your Toy".
Romanian singer Inna has released four studio albums, 38 singles and 22 promotional singles.
Two of these singles, "Crawling" and "Numb/Encore", earned the band two Grammy Awards.
The same day, they were confirmed to sub-headline the Pepsi Max Third Stage at Download Festival 2012, on 8 June, underneath The Devin Townsend Project.
In May 2003, Nordeman released her first live album, Live at the Door, which was recorded at The Door music venue in Dallas, Texas.
A theme song single was also released in 2015.
The discography of Estelle, a British singer-songwriter and rapper.
BoA has seen commercial success in both South Korea and Japan.
The album reached number five on the UK Albums Chart and was certified gold by both the British Phonographic Industry and the Irish Recorded Music Association.
The band is perhaps best known for "Born Slippy .NUXX", a track made popular in the Danny Boyle 1996 hit film Trainspotting.
The group consists of musicians Avey Tare, Panda Bear, Deakin, and Geologist.
It reached number five on the German and Swedish album charts.
It contributes significantly to the nutritional needs of terrestrial organisms by serving as a precursor to food and fertilizers.
It topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, crossed over to number fourteen on the Billboard Hot 100, and became a minor hit internationally.
The duo released "Black Widow" the first single from their forthcoming second studio album on 3 February 2013 but failed to chart.
in 2006 and the three-disc compilation album The Works in 2008.
In 2015, they released their second studio album, Comment c'est loin, which is also a soundtrack album for their film of the same name.
All three singles reached the top ten in many international markets, with "Goodies" topping charts in the UK.
This is the discography of rapper & Onyx group member Sticky Fingaz.
Dino Cazares rejoined the band in 2009, and they recorded Mechanize, which was released the following year.
Their first number one single was "For The Moment", released on June 4, 1997.
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, America had charted eleven Top 40 singles in the United States.
Their sound is generally classified as Noir Blues, combining pre-rock elements of blues, dark-bluegrass, and jazz with punk, pop, and twang influences.
In April 2013, it was announced he signed a recording contract with T.I.
The lead single of the album is "Oh My", featuring Fabolous, Roscoe Dash and Wiz Khalifa.
American singer Cyndi Lauper has released eleven studio albums, six compilation albums, three video albums and forty-six singles.
Released in late 1993, The Colour of My Love spawned Dion's first US and Australian, and second Canadian number-one single, "The Power of Love".
The video for "In the Closet" was Jackson's most sexually provocative piece.
This is a videography of the South Korean group BTS.
In 2012, The Fray released their third album, named Scars & Stories: the title comes from an unreleased B-side previously recorded by the group.
The following single, "I Can't Hate You Anymore", only reached number 87 on the Hot 100.
The albums The Best of the West, their first compilation album, and The Cotton Eye Joe Show followed in 2002 and 2009 respectively.
The Homemade Sister line-up of the band only recorded a demo tape and the single "Rip the Wreck"/"Merry".
In 2006, she was the artistic coordinator of the show Sexta Feira 13 - O Musical Xutos & Pontapés, after the Portuguese band Xutos & Pontapés.
The lead single from their third studio album Brand New Machine, entitled "Lost & Not Found", features Louis M^ttrs and was released on 26 June.
The album's second single, "Solo Quédate en Silencio", reached a peak of #2 on the US Billboard Latin Pop Songs chart.
The album was more experimental than their first album, featuring a loud and aggressive musical style.
With first-week sales of 810,000, Linkin Park's second album Meteora entered the Billboard 200 at number one, becoming the third-best-selling album of the year.
At the first of March 2008 she won the singing contest with 62% of all the votes from the other finalist Nathalie Makoma .
Of these albums, 27 have received a certification of at least Gold from the Recording Industry Association of America.
The second single from Astoria, "Wildfire," was released October 2, 2015.
The two first singles, "La Niña que Llora en tus Fiestas" and "Cometas por el Cielo", reached the top 20 in Spain and Latin America.
McCoy released his first solo album, Lazarus on June 8, 2010, after being in the works for a year and a half.
"Dream On" was released as the lead single from the album on 6 January 2017.
The first was the 1975 double album Physical Graffiti, which has received a 16 times platinum certification from RIAA.
Fukuyama acted in the TV drama Galileo in 2007 and formed a band Koh+ with his co-actor in the series Kō Shibasaki.
White Pony was subsequently re-released with "Back to School" as the album's opening track.
The band has sold over 7 million albums.
Clay Walker is an American country music artist.
The EP charted at 22 on the US Billboard Heatseekers Albums Chart.
The EP charted at number nine on the Finnish Singles Chart, and in 1997, the band, sans Oki, released their debut album Greatest Lovesongs Vol.
She had a second Top 10 hit, "Good Rockin' Daddy", in 1955.
The discography of UK-based pop-rock project Shakespears Sister consists of five studio albums, two compilation albums, 3 video albums, and 18 singles.
Contemporary worship duo Shane & Shane have released eleven studio albums and one live album, beginning with their first release, Psalms, in 2002.
Since their debut on May 10, 1995, the group has amassed sales of over 10 million albums and singles in Japan.
The year 2009 saw the release of the compilation album Rêves, comprising all singles released by Lemarchal, including additional tracks.
The album produced four singles including the top-10 Country Airplay hit "Merry Go 'Round", which was released in the fall of 2012 as the lead single.
The EP was produced by John Fields, who previously worked with Rooney, Jimmy Eat World, Selena Gomez, the Jonas Brothers, and Bleu.
It became Tokio Hotel's fourth single to have reached Number 1 on the German and Austrian charts.
The EP saw a departure from her jazz roots into a more Indie rock-inspired sound.
It was released in mid-2002, on Roadrunner Records.
A new incarnation of the Vandals coalesced with the addition of guitarist Warren Fitzgerald and drummer Josh Freese.
This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by Boomkat, an American electronic/pop band.
The Fray's second album, The Fray, was inspired by a series of trips they took to Rwanda, and featured production from Brendan O'Brien.
It was re-issued in 1987, and has sold approximately 367,500 copies in France.
"Eternal Blaze", one of three singles from Hybrid Universe, was her first single to peak at No.
His final album before his death, Hit n Run Phase Two, was released on December 11, 2015, also through Tidal.
Despite these associations, the group has claimed not to be an explicitly Christian band, but rather a rock band with Christian members.
Master P released his fifth album, Ice Cream Man, in 1996.
This page shows the discography of pop singer Theo Tams.
Vader's second album, entitled De Profundis, was released in 1995, followed by the 1997 release Black to the Blind.
Their third album Wilder Mind debuted at number one in the UK, the US, Australia, Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands and Norway.
Billboard Hot Country Songs chart between 1985 and 1992.
Other than mainstay, Freedman, the line-up has changed numerous times.
As a result they became associated with the synthpop and electronic dance movements of the 1980s.
Released in November 2011, the album is a hybrid of genres, combining pop, cabaret, tango and country music.
His next album, Patience, was released in March 2004 and peaked at number one in the UK.
For a while, there was not even a name for it.
The release of the EP and extensive touring brought the group to the attention of Dualtone Records, which signed them in 2012.
Iron Maiden broadened their sound with the use of guitar synthesisers in Somewhere in Time.
American singer William DeVaughn has released three studio albums, including a record selling nearly two million copies on its release in spring 1974.
He has released a number of albums and EPs, as well as multiple singles and remixes.
Flex released his debut album Te Quiero: Romantic Style In Da World in 2007, with the U.S.
The singer released two more studio albums, Zankyō and Human, both of which topped the Oricon Albums Chart.
It marks Spears' first major activity under RCA Records since the dissolution of her long-time record label, Jive Records, in 2011.
"Uptown Funk" topped the Billboard Hot 100 on 7 January 2015, knocking Taylor Swift from the top spot.
Hebe Tien is a Taiwanese singer and actress.
"Bloqué" was released as the lead single from the album.
The discography of Mexican recording artist Thalía, consists of twelve studio albums, five compilation albums, two live albums and sixty-nine singles.
Annihilator's first two studio albums—Alice in Hell and Never, Neverland—are considered to be influential Canadian heavy metal records.
The album won critical praise and Britain's acclaimed Mercury Prize for Best Album.
is also a noted record producer, having produced several song recordings, a few under the pseudonym T.I.P..
The discography of South Korean girl group S.E.S.
On April 5, 2002, Kidman released, through Interscope, her third single, a cover of Randy Crawford's "One Day I'll Fly Away".
The album has been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan after selling more than 100,000 units to retailers.
Her twelfth studio album, In Black and White was released in 1982 and spawned the number one single, "Till You're Gone".
The EP spawned a second single, "You Are the Only One", but it failed to impact any charts.
Their eleventh album Legacy was instead released by Wacken Records in 2008 and distributed by SPV/Steamhammer.
In 2000, Kubota released the albums Nothing But Your Love and As One, which both albums charted in the top ten.
She has won four Grammy Awards and placed five consecutive albums at top ten on the US Billboard 200.
3 on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold in the United States.
The discography of British rapper Wretch 32 consists of two studio albums, six mixtapes, fourteen singles and nineteen music videos.
The Miracles were the Motown Record Corporation's first group and its first million-selling recording artists.
"Rain" and "Blame It on the Girls" were released as the second and third UK singles with both peaking at number seventy-two.
In 2000, Madonna scored her 12th US number-one single, "Music", from the album of the same name.
The album's second single, "You Know I'm No Good", reached number 18 in the UK.
Skepta's second major label album was intended to be released in the fourth quarter of 2011, entitled The Honeymoon but was delayed till 2012.
Emperor has released four studio albums, two live albums, six EPs, two DVDs and three compilation albums.
The album became another R&B chart topper for Braxton and cracked the top ten of the Billboard 200 chart.
Raditude, the band's seventh studio album, was released in November 2009 and peaked at number 7 on the Billboard 200.
Lambert released her fifth studio album Platinum on June 3, 2014.
Her album Itsuka, Sakura no Ame ni... was also certified gold.
During her short career, Aaliyah earned 13 top 40 singles in the U.S. as well as 18 top 40 singles in the UK.
In 2009, Latifah released her seventh album, Persona through Flavor Unit/Universal Records.
To date the album has sold 1.5 million copies in the US.
Hank Snow was a Canadian country music artist.
Disclosure's second collaboration with Smith, "Omen", was released as the second single from the album in July 2015, reaching number 13 on the UK Singles Chart.
In 2008, the band were unsure as to whether they would work on a new studio album.
Zelmerlöw took part in the second semi-final on 14 February 2009 and once again progressed to the final on 14 March at Globen.
The band released their fourth studio album, Astoria, on October 23, 2015.
The late 1990s saw Minogue reinvent herself as a dance artist with "All I Wanna Do", her first number-one UK dance hit.
featuring Juelz Santana, peaked at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100, spending a month atop the chart.
The band's second album reached number five on the Billboard 200, and was certified gold in Canada and silver in the UK.
The project began as a solo effort but morphed to incorporate several other musicians, including violinist Donna Croughn of Tiny Lights.
The band announced that their third single from the album would be "Do You Feel What I Feel?"
The band have since continued to tour and release live and compilation albums.
To date, eleven studio albums have been released under the Divine Comedy name.
11 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart.
As of January 2015, Dreaming of You has sold five million copies worldwide, and remains the best-selling Latin album of all-time in the United States.
Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel first formed a duo in 1957 as Tom & Jerry, before separating and later reforming as Simon & Garfunkel.
The discography of Yung L.A., an American hip hop recording artist, consists of eight mixtapes, three singles and four music videos.
After two independent releases, the band signed with Polydor.
The first single is "Day Dreaming", featuring Akon, Snoop Dogg and T.I..
It peaked at #15 on the Billboard 200 chart.
In 1996, Ramses Bringer of War was released, a three-track demo with the title inspired by Gustav Holst's classical work "Mars, Bringer of War".
The Byrds' discography was originally released on the vinyl format, as full-length LPs, shorter EPs, and singles.
Two years later, they were given the opportunity to release a compilation of rarities.
The discography of Aunty Disco Project, a Pakistani indie rock band, consists of one studio album, as well as numerous live albums, singles and music videos.
The album sold over ten million copies worldwide.
Its first two singles rose to number one, "Tomorrow" and "You", earning Young a five-song streak of chart-toppers.
The album spawned three more singles: "Eh, Eh", "LoveGame" and "Paparazzi", the latter, reached the top ten in many countries worldwide, including number one in Germany.
In September 2009, Ne-Yo released his first greatest hits album, Ne-Yo: The Collection, in Japan.
Billboard Hot Country Songs number one hit "Moments".
Cancer Bats are a Canadian hardcore punk band from Toronto, Ontario.
In November 2005 the Smoking Popes, with drummer Rob Kellenberger, reunited to play Chicago's Flower 15 festival.
Weather Report then recorded Domino Theory and Live in Japan in 1984, Sportin' Life in 1985, and the finale album This Is This!
It peaked at number 23 on the UK Albums Chart, and reached number 87 on the Billboard 200.
The discography of Pavement, a Stockton, California-based indie rock group, consists of five studio albums, four double-length reissues, one compilation, ten extended plays, and five singles.
Since 2012, Shinhwa have released three full-length albums and four promotional singles, distributed through CJ E&M Music.
The first single released was "Paid My Dues".
1 on the R&R Christian CHR chart.
Williams' third album and pop debut Unexpected debuted at number forty-two and eleven on the Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts respectively.
11 "The Year 1905", Sibelius: Symphony No.
The discography of Italian singer-songwriter Sabrina Salerno consists of 6 studio albums, 7 compilation albums and 28 singles.
American musician DJ Khaled has released ten studio albums, twenty six singles and nine featured singles.
Für alle Zeiten, his fifth album, was released in 2011.
The lead single "My Band" became D12's first song to enter the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100.
For the album, the band worked with several producers, including Martin Terefe and Gregg Wattenberg.
In 1993, they decided to end their five-year relationship with Relativity and signed with East West Records.
In May 2009, Ciara returned with her third album, Fantasy Ride.
The discography of Danish rock band Mew consists of six studio albums, three extended plays and one compilation album.
Eiza González's career as a recording artist began in 2007 with the release of the soundtrack for Lola, érase una vez.
It charted at number one in New Zealand and Australia, and achieved certifications in several countries.
The album went on to sell over seven million copies in the United States and became a foundation for alternative rock in the 1990s.
The album has also been certified platinum by the BPI.
Her first studio album with Universal, Bitter & Sweet, was certified gold by the RIAJ.
Their final album, Gravitoni, was released by Blast First Petite in May 2010.
Drudy left the band in 2000, and was replaced with Sam Fogarino.
It charted within the top ten of Romania, Norway, and Europe and entered the charts of Denmark, Germany, and Switzerland.
The album not only peaked at #9 on the Billboard 200, but also received a Grammy Award for Best Pop Album the following year.
The English hard rock band Def Leppard have released eleven original studio albums, two live albums, four compilation albums, one cover album, and three extended plays.
Despite the enormous commercial success of Middle of Nowhere, the band suffered from the merger that eliminated their label, Mercury Records.
This is the full discography of Portuguese band Blasted Mechanism.
Sumner formed Bad Lieutenant with Cunningham, and Hook formed Freebass.
White's discography under the name Santogold consists of her self-titled debut album, Santogold, and four promotional singles, a mixtape, and four music videos.
Winehouse's debut album, Frank, was released in October 2003 and peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart.
The next three-and-a-half years followed with Bocelli holding permanent residency at the No.
All singles charted inside top ten in Canada, including number one for "Building a Mystery".
Money Is Still a Major Issue, a remix album of content from M.I.A.M.I., was released on November 15, 2005.
Amused to Death is Waters' most critically acclaimed solo recording to date, garnering some comparison to his previous work with Pink Floyd.
The discography of Zhao Wei, a Chinese singer, contains seven studio albums, forty-five music videos and a number of other appearances.
Other projects with Atlantic include a downloadable digital album, two DVDs, and five singles.
On October 31, 2011, Jones released a mixtape titled Vampire Life: We Own the Night.
Welch plays with her music partner David Rawlings, whom she met while they were both students at The Berklee School of Music.
In 2004, the band released a singles compilation entitled Supergrass Is 10 to celebrate ten years since the band's formation.
It became their highest-charting album, reaching no.
Three years later, Hamasaki debuted again as a singer under Avex Trax with the single "Poker Face".
Scott's debut studio album Rodeo, was released on September 4, 2015.
Morris' first success came with New Zealand band The Crocodiles, who had a top 20 hit single with "Tears".
The discography of Joe Jonas, an American singer-songwriter, consists of one studio album, two singles, three promotional singles, three music videos and five album appearances.
This is a detailed discography for American musician Charlie Daniels.
Taemin released his first extended play, entitled Ace on August 18, 2014, along with its title track "Danger".
The parent album, On and On topped the album chart and was certified two-times platinum by the RIAJ.
2 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and No.
David Choi has released few songs for sale on iTunes and has distributed his 2 studio albums, titled Only You and By My Side, physically.
Speak has sold over 4.5 million copies worldwide.
Due to musical differences, the Skunkworks line-up split up, and Dickinson once again was joined by Roy Z, along with then ex-Iron Maiden guitarist, Adrian Smith.
The second single from the album, "Sing for Me," was certified gold by the GLF.
Before started his 2 years military service, JungMin has pre-recorded the following: 'Run Away', 'In The Forest' and 'Faith'.
Japanese musician Ryuichi Sakamoto released 19 solo studio albums, six live albums, several compilation albums, two extended plays, singles, and soundtracks.
The discography of Victoria Beckham, an English pop music singer, consists of one studio album, two cancelled albums, five singles, five music videos and one DVD.
Their last album Dahlia was released in 1996, and the following year the band decided to break up.
On October 15, Thorne revealed her debut album was canceled and she released an EP, Jersey, on November 17,2014.
Members Choa and Way have also released an extended play, The 1st Mini Album, as Crayon Pop – Strawberry Milk.
"You Got Me" won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group in 2000.
Since debuting in 2012, the Exo's discography as group includes more than 26.8 million records in South Korea alone.
Only two of his prior released albums, his debut album Love Devotion Surrender, and the live album Carlos Santana & Buddy Miles!
Horsepower in 2003 was his last studio album before his death in 2005.
The album's second single, "Mozart's House", charted at number seventeen on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Clean Bandit's first top twenty single on the chart.
Over the course of 2014 and 2015, he continued to independently release new music for his fans.
It was a commercial success, topping the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Swedish albums charts and reaching the top ten in Australia and France.
Signed to RCA Nashville in 2006, he made his chart debut that same year with "Yee Haw".
Elsewhere, although none of them appeared on the Billboard Hot 100.
In March 2010, Flex released his third album Romantic Style Parte 3: Desde La Esencia.
Former Flotsam and Jetsam bassist Troy Gregory replaced Kirkland for 1991's Prove You Wrong.
The most recent release of Closed upholds the same musical styles characteristic of the band.
Within Swiss territory, the commuter area named "Métropole lémanique" contains a population of 1.25 million.
The collaborative record Dogg Food brought further into the limelight and Brown made his solo debut on the double-album Kuruption!
The Carbonfools is the most popular pop band of the 2000s in Hungary.
He and Twain collaborated on her second release, The Woman in Me, which was released in 1995.
The band was founded in 1986 by bassist J and rhythm guitarist Inoran, when they were in high school.
Lang Lang has recorded two soundtracks, including the score by Alexandre Desplat for the 2007 movie The Painted Veil.
In 2008, the group officially disbanded with all members resuming their solo music careers.
Following a longer hiatus, Evans signed a deal with E1 Entertainment in 2010.
The album, which was composed with Gahan's close friend Knox Chandler, reached number thirty-six on the UK albums chart.
Melanie C released her fifth solo album, The Sea, on 2 September 2011, and her first EP The Night on 13 May 2012.
Peaking at number four on the Billboard 200, the album was certified platinum by the RIAA.
In 2009 she released the album Mi Delirio.
This is the discography of Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori.
The album yielded three singles: "Taken for Granted", "Little Man" and "Drink to Get Drunk".
A Medio Vivir also included two other successful singles: "Te Extraño, Te Olvido, Te Amo" and "Volverás".
The second single, "My Heart Is Broken", was released in October.
In 2014, he released Save Us Tonight in Japan under his real name, Park JungMin.
By 2003, Sasha started performing as his alter ego Dick Brave, the lead singer of a rockabilly band called Dick Brave & The Backbeats.
It also peaked at number one on the Canadian Albums Chart and number two on the Billboard 200 in the United States.
They released Blood Mountain through Reprise Records, peaking at number 32 on the Billboard 200 chart.
The song failed to significantly impact the Billboard Hot 100, only charting to number 61.
Active since year 1978, she has been receiving different awards and was considered as box office queen at her very young age.
Buffett is known his unique style of music called "Gulf and Western", which combines elements of country, folk rock, pop, and Caribbean, with tropical lyrical themes.
They then released their first full-length Korean studio album, Moving in Secret, in October 2011.
In 2002 her first live album was released entitled Live at Billy Bob's Texas.
Her next release, The Wheel was Cash's final release for Columbia and did not spawn any major hits.
The full version was released at the end of October.
Talk That Talk, Rihanna's sixth studio album, included "We Found Love"; it became a worldwide success, peaking at number one in 29 countries.
After one unreleased EP, Mabbitt was replaced by current vocalist, Telle Smith, the same year.
The band toured almost every year to sold out stadiums and arenas.
The discography of God Lives Underwater, a Pennsylvanian band, consists of three studio albums, two Extended plays, and seven singles.
The single "Wrong Idea" was also included in Bad Azz's second album Personal Business released on Doggystyle.
All of which are available for download on their official website.
The album itself reached number 2 on the UK Albums Chart, and number 9 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart.
Singer and bass player Roger Waters gradually became the dominant and driving force in the mid-1970s, until his departure from the group in 1985.
After serving as a member of the bands the Jonas Brothers and Nick Jonas & the Administration, Jonas returned to his solo career in 2012.
In 2006, Lanegan released Ballad of the Broken Seas with Isobel Campbell, which was nominated for a Mercury Music Prize.
"Perfect Night" was released as the second single from the album in July 2011, peaking to number 48 on the UK Singles Chart.
Furthermore, it was certified platinum by Music Canada.
Over the years they have released 21 studio albums, 14 live albums, 32 compilation albums, 34 singles and 19 videos.
Stefan Elmgren played some of the guitars on the Glory to the Brave album but only as a guest performer, not a member of the band.
In 2010, Electro Pioneers, the second extended play, was released on January 12, 2010.
Since their inception in 1997, numerous line up changes have left the band with no original members.
The discography of Finnish DJ and music producer Darude consists of four studio albums, eleven singles, and a multitude of remixes and other productions.
This is a list of official releases by Chao as a solo artist with his backing band Radio Bemba Sound System.
The band's 2004 compilation album Greatest Hits '93-'03 also peaked in the top 10.
The studio albums A um bum, released in 1999, and Harmonajzer, released in 2002, did not repeat the success of the previous releases.
That same year, her album Halcyon was reissued as Halcyon Days, containing ten additional tracks.
On March 31, 1995 Selena was shot dead by Yolanda Saldívar, her friend and a former employee of her Selena Etc.
This is the discography of American R&B singer-songwriter Keyshia Cole.
The same year, they released their debut single "Animal".
After five years of absence from new material, Henley's third studio album was released in 1989.
It peaked at numbers 17 and 75 in the UK and the Netherlands respectively, later being certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry.
She released her first Spanish language album Mi Plan in 2009 which became a success in Europe and on the Latin charts.
The discography of The Waifs, an Australian folk rock band, consists of six studio albums, three singles, one EP, and two live albums.
The EP spawned two Gaon top five singles, "What's Wrong" and "Yayaya".
This is the discography of American R&B/soul singer Chaka Khan.
Florence and the Machine released their first extended play, A Lot of Love.
Her debut single, "I Love U", received mixed reviews from music critics and failed to enter the Billboard Hot 100.
Her third extended play Night Time, My Time: B-Sides Part 1 was released roughly one month later, and featured additional writing contributions from Rechitshaid.
Several of these have also placed on charts in more than 18 countries around the world.
It peaked at number six on the US Billboard 200, selling 77,000 copies in its first week of release.
Throughout their career, 3LW sold over 2.5 million records.
Bad Company discography consists of twelve studio albums, and six live albums.
She debuted in 1993, performing and touring with trip hop group Faithless.
38 Special discography consists of twelve studio albums, four compilation albums, and four live albums.
Her third studio album Tiger Suit was released in 2010, followed by an EP "The Scarlet Tulip EP", released on 8 April 2011.
This is a comprehensive discography of Chevelle, a Chicago, Illinois-based rock band.
Their first EP/DVD combo, Big & Rich's Super Galactic Fan Pak, is also certified platinum.
Parton also holds the record for most Top 10 country albums on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
He or his labels have also released six live albums and eight compilation albums.
Five singles were released from the album.
[1] Srikanto Acharya is now a household name across the world among audiences who listen to Bengali music.
As of 2013, Unexpected has sold over 34,000 copies in the US.
It was not until his second album released in 1997, Devil Came to Me, when the band became famous.
The Chris August discography is about the works of Christian Contemporary-R&B musician Chris August.
Winehouse collaborated with other artists, as a vocalist on the song "Valerie" on Mark Ronson's solo album, Version.
System of a Down is the first band since The Beatles to release two chart-topping albums in the US in the same year.
In the late 1970s the band had massive success in Germany, where the "Lady in Black" single was a big hit.
He has also worked with Michael Cashmore, and has contributed to numerous one-off releases with a variety of artists.
Royalties from the album were planned to be donated to unidentified charitable and humanitarian causes.
By the Way peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 and spawned commercially successful singles such as "By the Way" and "Can't Stop".
The band's first compilation, 2009's Greatest Hits, became their sixth album to surpass 1 million copies sold in the United States.
His second album, Can't Slow Down, is his most successful, being certified 10× Platinum in the US.
"So Much for Pretending" is the longest-lasting of these four, with a two-week stay at Number One.
D'espairsRay was a Japanese visual kei industrial rock/nu metal band active from 1999 to 2011.
The band has since released four more studio albums, with the last released in 2016.
Moreover, Radio Hong Kong presented Zhao an "Outstanding Mandarin Song Bronze Award" for her single "There is a Girl".
It was followed by Dion chante Plamondon in 1991 and Celine Dion in 1992.
Anggun's second international album, Chrysalis for English version and Desirs contraires for French version, was released in 2000 and was certified Platinum Export award.
In 2008, Die Toten Hosen released their latest album In aller Stille.
Sebastian, John Farnham and Jimmy Barnes have all achieved more top ten singles, but they were nonconsecutive.
The first one, released worldwide, peaked at number 23 on the UK chart.
Following The Red, they released their second EP, The Velvet, on March 17, 2016, which showed a more mature, R&B-influenced musical style.
Gwar is an American thrash metal band formed in 1984.
It was supported by the singles; "Peaches N Cream" featuring Charlie Wilson, "So Many Pros", and "California Roll" featuring Stevie Wonder.
This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by Chip, a British rapper.
In 2004, the new label released re-mastered editions full of bonus tracks of Girlschool's first four studio albums.
Milli Vanilli's first album, All or Nothing, was released in Europe in mid-1988.
The compilation reached number 148 on the Billboard 200 and has sold about 104,000 copies in the US.
Five tracks were released from the album as singles: "Sonne", "Links 2-3-4", "Ich will", "Mutter" and "Feuer frei!
The album did not contain any of the singles intended to be on Eluetheromaniac, but included a promomotional single she released in 2015, "Freedom".
It also charted at number two on the Hot Rap Tracks and number 21 on the Hot Dance Singles Sales.
Afterwards, he returned to Korea to continue his music career as 'Park JungMin' and released his first self-produced single album entitled Beautiful.
1995 Michael Feinstein Sings the Hugh Martin Songbook
Lieber so, her sixth album, was released in 2013 and reached number 21 in Germany.
Theory of a Deadman is a Canadian rock band from Delta, British Columbia signed to Roadrunner Records.
The follow-up album Runaway Horses was released in 1989 and hit the Top 5 in both Australia and UK.
Atlas released her fourth studio album Ayeshteni in May 2001.
The album included two US number-one singles with four top-five singles overall: "Whatever You Like", Swagga Like Us", "Live Your Life", and "Dead and Gone".
With sales of more than 140 million albums worldwide, she is the highest-selling Colombian artist of all time.
He liked it, so he gave the band a record deal under his label, 604 Records and Roadrunner Records.
American singer LeAnn Rimes has released eleven studio albums and placed thirty-two singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart since 1996.
Their seventh album, At the Gate of Sethu, was released in 2012.
", "The Future" and "The Arms of Orion".
Do As Infinity's next two studio albums released in 2001, New World and Deep Forest, both peaked at No.
Records before signing to major label Reprise Records.
In March 1996 Dury was diagnosed with cancer and, after recovering from an operation, was determined to write another album.
Alles kann besser werden, his fifth studio album, was released in 2009.
Forming a friendship with Lambert, the pair helped found a supergroup titled the Pistol Annies, alongside Angaleena Presley in 2011.
Dolly Parton made her album debut in 1967, with her album Hello, Im Dolly.
Shepard's solo career became successful in 1955 with the release several singles, including the top-five hits "A Satisfied Mind" and "Beautiful Lies".
"12 dage", "Lyser i mørke" and "Har du glemt" also entered the Top 10 in Denmark.
The album was certified platinum in the United States and six-times platinum in the United Kingdom.
She recorded for Modern until the end of the decade, without much further success.
This article presents the discography of country artist, Margo Smith.
He is the only person to have ever become both three-time consecutive undefeated National Champion, and the five-time consecutive undefeated Illinois State snare champion.
The discography of Silversun Pickups, an American alternative rock band, consists of four studio albums and fourteen singles.
Their official discography consists of five studio albums, one compilation album, one extended play, sixteen singles, and twenty music videos.
The discography of the American rock band Lit.
The band released their second studio album Drops of Jupiter in March 2001; it was preceded by the release of its lead single, "Drops of Jupiter".
The band has also released twelve official singles, two featurings and three promotional singles.
Bassist Robert Trujillo joined Metallica in 2003.
1 on the Canadian charts and No.
This was also the first album to feature lead singer Cody Collins, who replaced McDonald in 2007.
The first volume in a six-part episodic visual novel adaptation produced by Key was released in 2015.
Eight singles were released between 2007 and 2013: a theme song single for Little Busters!
English musician, DJ, singer, songwriter and record producer Mark Ronson has released four studio albums and twelve singles.
The album remains her biggest selling effort to date.
Also in 2005, the band released Enjoyment, a video album composed of music videos, live performances and interviews.
He has sold over 40 million albums in the US as of October 2011.
Fear Factory formed in 1989, signing to Roadrunner Records three years later.
Formed in 1999 in Liverpool, Merseyside, the band consists of Helen Marnie, Mira Aroyo, Daniel Hunt and Reuben Wu.
An instant success, it debuted atop the charts in both Austria and Germany and was certified double platinum by the Bundesverband Musikindustrie.
His discography consists of 14 studio albums and 37 singles.
A Kiss Before You Go, the band's second studio album, was released in September 2011.
The fourth single from the album, "My Man Music", was released on 28 July 2013.
Bon Jovi achieved widespread global recognition with the release of their third album Slippery When Wet.
McDermott then left and was replaced by Sean Sellers for 1996's A Comprehensive Guide to Moderne Rebellion.
Shallow Bay was released in 2011, despite Burnley publicly opposing it, who said content had been altered without his consent and did not meet his standards.
In October 1979, shortly after they began the Malicious Damage record label, Killing Joke released their debut EP, Turn to Red.
This article contains the discography of Japanese pop singer Nana Kitade and includes information relating to album and single releases.
Founded in 2004, it has signed, managed, and/or promoted artists including Reel Big Fish, Sister Hazel, Rachel Platten, Attack!
"Bootie Call", the fourth single, sixth overall, also went to number-one, and the silver-certified "War of Nerves" peaked at number seven, selling 200,000 copies.
The Dean Martin Christmas Album, released in 1966, became a perennial best-seller throughout the late '60s and early '70s, hitting No.
For the latter as of 2015 are reported sales of over 8 million copies worldwide.
Placebo continued their chart success with the album Sleeping with Ghosts in 2003.
Five more singles were released from the album, including the hit singles "One Love", "Memories", "Gettin' Over You" and "Who's That Chick?".
The discography of Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota consists of eighteen studio albums, ten compilation albums, two tribute albums, and over seventy singles.
Jerry Reed was an American country music singer.
As a result, although he recorded prolifically, he had relatively few albums until compilations began appearing after his death in 1975.
The compilation features two new tracks, including "Shot at the Night", produced by Anthony Gonzalez of M83.
This is the general discography of the band Seether.
This is the discography for Canadian hard rock group The Tea Party.
It was performed at the Grand Final, as it qualified from the first semi-final.
Three singles were released from the album, including the UK top 40 hit "Molly's Chambers".
The group debuted in 1996 under S.M.
EXID released their second EP Ah Yeah in April 2015, to commercial success.
It peaked at number thirty-four in Australia, number sixty in the UK, number seventy-eight in Ireland and number ninety-five in the US.
Her third album Rhythm of Love was released in 1990 and it marked a defining turning point in her music career.
The album cost a reputed £5 million to produce and it sold a modest 100,000 copies.
In 1983, Camilleri and other members of the Falcons formed The Black Sorrows.
In 2008, Polygon met DJ Green Lantern, who eventually offered him a record deal with his label imprint, Invasion Music Group.
She released her second EP, Bennetts Lane, with pianist Paul Grabowsky in 2007.
This is a comprehensive list of the discography of Kardinal Offishall, a Canadian rapper and record producer.
It sold 2.1 million copies in the UK and achieved platinum status in the United States.
After that, the two Swedes started hanging out in the studio together, playing each other songs and scraps of ideas.
The discography of the German electronic musician ATB consists of 10 studio albums, 2 compilation album, 36 singles, six video albums and 28 music videos.
1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums in 1995.
It is Franks' twelfth album, and his first of four compilation releases with the label.
His longest-lasting Number Ones are "Nobody's Home" and "Like the Rain" at three weeks each.
Their music is often classified as modern, progressive and experimental metal.
Further singles were released from the album which saw success in Europe.
During the same year, with the new drummer Kokan Popović, the band released the highly successful EP VIS Idoli.
In 2007, McFadden released "Like Only a Woman Can", which became his third consecutive Ireland number one single.
The discography of the Vengaboys, a Dutch Eurodance pop group, consists of three studio albums, eighteen singles and fifteen music videos.
The band's longest-lasting Number One was "Jukebox in My Mind", which spent four weeks at that position in 1990.
Growth in stature necessitated relocation to Los Angeles in 2003.
The discography of Little Birdy, an Australian indie rock band, consists of three studio albums, two EPs, and twelve singles.
Following a successful feature with female rapper Young Deenay, he release his debut album Dedicated to... on Warner Music in fall 1998.
The single reached number five on the UK Singles Chart and number one on the UK Indie Chart.
The album also spawned the single "Remember December".
Bikini Kill's final studio album, Reject All American, was released in April 1996.
New Order followed Get Ready with Waiting for the Sirens' Call in 2005.
The Coming was the debut album by former Leaders of the New School member, Busta Rhymes, released in 1996 by Elektra Records.
In 2015, Lana Del Rey was featured on Emile Haynie's album We Fall for the song "Wait For Life".
Brewer was fired from Unwritten Law in 2005 and the band continued as a quartet.
The discography of American rock band Cage the Elephant consists of four studio albums, one live album, one extended play, 15 singles and 10 music videos.
As of 2010, Midler has sold over 30 million records worldwide.
Before the Rain, their third album, was released in March 1997.
Colombian group ChocQuibTown has released four studio albums, two extended plays, one remix album and thirteen singles, and three promotional singles.
Their next album, Made in the A.M., was preceded by its lead single "Drag Me Down".
American singer Lady Gaga has released five studio albums, three compilation albums, three video albums, four EPs, twenty-six singles, and seven promotional singles.
Over its initial eight-year run the band experienced several lineup changes, resulting in a different lead vocalist performing on each of their first three studio albums.
The group has also recorded songs by other writers, such as the hit single "Woodstock" written by Joni Mitchell.
The album topped Korean music charts on its release.
Swiss pop recording artist Patrick Nuo began his career in 2003, when he signed with Warner Music and released his debut album Welcome.
The discography of Wheatus, an American rock band, consists of five studio albums, two EPs and eight singles.
In May 2009, Moore's sixth studio album, Amanda Leigh, was released through Storefront Recordings.
The band's studio releases became more infrequent at this point, with the biggest gap in albums being between 1993's Wide River and 2010's Bingo!.
In 1994, her self-penned song, "Stay" was featured in the soundtrack of Reality Bites, where it gained widespread airplay on radio.
The album was a commercial success, topping the charts in France and numerous other countries.
Lena Meyer-Landrut began her recording career after winning Unser Star für Oslo, a television programme to select the German entry for the Eurovision Song Contest.
Razorlight's debut album, Up All Night, was released in the United Kingdom in June 2004 and reached number three on the UK Album Chart.
In 2012, Mendler released her debut album Hello My Name Is..., which featured a pop sound.
The following year, the group released their lead single from their sophomore studio album, 7/27, titled "Work from Home".
Goodrem's third album Delta, was released in October 2007.
The band has released 2 LPs to date with a third in the process of recording.
Tear Out The Heart is a five-piece metalcore band from St. Louis, Missouri, founded in 2011.
In 2011, the music video for "Magic" featured the biggest cast ever for an Australian music video, with over 300 people.
Mark Foster founded the band in 2009 after spending several years in Los Angeles as a struggling musician and working as a commercial jingle writer.
Mi Plan has been certified Platinum in the US.
A Different Me is Cole's third album, released on December 16, 2008 in the United States.
Speaking on the album Zendaya told MTV News that the music, is a "new wave of R&B.
Other released singles include; "Wake Up", "Last Summer" and "Goodbye Tonight".
Their second album, A Year Without Rain was released on September 17, 2010.
In 2010, he released his sixth mixtape, More About Nothing under his own independent label, The Board Administration.
"Collide" and "Care" charted on the AC and Country charts as well in 2011.
"Demons" has since sold 4.1 million copies in the USA and peaked at number six on the Billboard Hot 100.
The journalist, author and founder of Mojo, Paul Du Noyer credits them alongside Deaf School with restoring "Liverpool's musical reputation in the 1970s" with their success.
The album's third single, "Meet Me Halfway", has peaked at number one in Australia, Germany and the UK and reached the top ten in the US.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Saxon, an English heavy metal band.
This includes four full-length albums, two compilation albums, seven EPs, and three split albums.
This is the complete discography of the York based Rock band Elliot Minor.
Guitarist Adrian Smith replaced Stratton, and a "consistent highlight", Killers, was released in 1981.
His second album became popular in Puerto Rico and was titled Tagwut in 1997.
A month later, Got7 returned to Korea to release their first full-length album Identify, and topped album charts.
Fantasia's self-titled, second studio album, was released in 2006.
Azalea achieved three top ten hits simultaneously on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2014.
Children of Bodom's first release under their new name was the split single Children of Bodom, released in January 1997.
Weller's album chart performance has been especially strong, with four number one and five number two albums.
This is the discography for the work of rock band 50 Foot Wave.
Picture Show, their second studio album, was released in April 2012; it peaked at number 17 on the Billboard 200.
Sellers left Good Riddance in late 1999, and Dave Raun of Lagwagon played drums on their 2000 EP The Phenomenon of Craving.
The album peaked at number 16 and received gold certification.
The album includes three songs co-written with Amy Winehouse, who also features on the track "Best for Me".
Influenced by Björk, Daft Punk and The Knife, the album was a departure from her previous effort, and featured a mixture of electronic and dance-pop music.
The group released their fourth studio album Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned in August 2004.
The discography of Darren Hayes, an Australian pop singer, consists of four studio albums, one compilation album, fifteen singles and four video albums.
The track "I-95" from the album was named in Rolling Stone's Top 50 Songs of 2007.
Musical influences include gospel, children's and family, stage musical, pop, rock, blues and jazz.
To date, Ciara has sold over 23 million records worldwide.
Despite two produced music videos, "So Changes Go" and "Mayday", the constant negative publicity hurt the album's sales.
The group consists of Toby McKeehan, Kevin Max, and Michael Tait.
This discography lists their original Australian releases, along with significant overseas compilations and singles.
Four singles were released from the album: "Heat Up", "The Avenue", "When I'm 'Ere" and "Shake a Leg".
After a two-year hiatus, Atlas released her sixth studio album Something Dangerous in May 2003.
In 2008, he released his first solo album since 1997, Cosmic Universal Fashion.He put the Waboritas on leave; he keeps his band paid year round.
Labor of Love spawned her final-charting Billboard single called "Give 'em My Number", which peaked at number forty-three.
Both singles reached the highest record in a day for any overseas artist in Japan.
The album produced five singles, three of which topped the US R&B/Hip-Hop Songs: "Forever My Lady", "Stay", and "Come and Talk to Me".
His second studio album, Must B 21, was released on September 23, 2003.
Her debut album One Love was released on May 4, 2004 and entered the Billboard 200 chart at number sixteen.
Her most recent studio album, Day Breaks, was released on October 7, 2016, through Blue Note Records.
As far back as 1959, Martin had expressed his love of country music.
He released the Icon compilation album that same year, though it failed to chart on any chart worldwide.
Third album Kingsize came in August 2001 and contained "Let's Dance", which became Five's third UK number-one single.
Numan then decided to release further recordings under his own name, beginning with the single "Cars" later in 1979.
Since 2001, the band's line-up has included vocalist and rhythm guitarist Duff McKagan, lead guitarist Mike Squires and bassist Jeff Rouse.
American bachata band Aventura has released five studio albums, two live albums, two video albums, 15 music videos and 18 singles.
In June 2011, she released her second Mandarin-language album Love Addict consisting of mandopop ballads originally sung by male artists.
Their first studio album, Killing Joke, was released in 1980.
Even so, it was able to sell over three million units worldwide, spawning commercially acclaimed recordings "Gimme More" and "Piece of Me".
In 2007 My Bloody Valentine reunited and announced plans to release a third album.
Not satisfied with Sterling, and upon learning of the creation of MGM Records by the Loews Corporation, Fred Rose negotiated a deal for Williams.
Her single "Last Drag" was released in 2011 and peaked at number four on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart.
In 2012, she signed a record deal with Interscope and Polydor to record her debut studio album.
The band was formed by Oregon native Kat Bjelland, with Lori Barbero and Michelle Leon, who was later replaced by Maureen Herman in 1992.
When they disbanded in 2000, they left a big mark on the Japanese rock scene.
Subsequent albums were released between 1978 and 2007, however, none of those albums had the sales success of Eddie Money.
The song was the first by a Swedish artist to be certified by the RIAA since Ace of Base's "Cruel Summer" in 1998.
She was the first Canadian female winner.
The discography of Juli, a German alternative pop band, contains four studio albums, one live album and fourteen singles.
The album features EME acts as well as guest appearances from XO Senavoe, Rotimi and Basketmouth.
"Throw That", the album's fourth single, peaked at number 98 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and peaked at number 69 on Canadian Hot 100.
Axle Whitehead is a former Australian Video Hits TV host and current singer, musician, and actor.
He then began producing music under the pseudonym Skrillex, released a second extended play, My Name Is Skrillex, as a free download from his MySpace page.
His second studio album Under the Mistletoe was released in November 2011, topping the charts in Canada and the United States.
Uniquely, most of the releases are on cassettes, and artists include both smaller regional bands and larger well-known acts such as Dave Grohl and The Go.
Weezer released Hurley, their eighth studio album, in September 2010.
The following year, the band released their sophomore effort, Our Earthly Pleasures, which was produced by Gil Norton.
Its final single, "Walk Away", became a top-twenty hit in many countries.
This is a discography for Charles Aznavour.
In 1952, The Weavers went on hiatus due to the Red Scare; Seeger and Hays both had Communist ties.
While active from 1975 to 1996, the band released a number of LPs and CDs, although more discs were released after their demise.
Dean and Alison Krauss both received chart credit for their guest vocals on Kenny Rogers' 2000 Number One hit "Buy Me a Rose".
The island's year-round population increased about a third each decade from 1970 to 2000, for a total of 145% or about 3 to 4% per year.
The band has released eight studio albums, two live albums, two DVDs, seventeen singles, and fifteen music videos.
The band is composed of Perry Farrell, Dave Navarro, Eric Avery and Stephen Perkins.
It spawned the top five country hits "Wrong Side of Memphis" and "Walkaway Joe".
The duo's fifth album, Very, followed and is the only Pet Shop Boys album, so far, to reach number one in the UK.
In 2008, she released her tenth studio album, Lunada, which is considered to be her lowest-selling album to date, with sales less than 300,000 copies worldwide.
The discography of American rock band Falling in Reverse consists of 4 studio albums, 11 singles and 10 music videos.
The album, however, sold far fewer copies in the UK than his record label EMI had predicted.
In 2003, the first season of Disney Channel Original Series That's So Raven premiered, and the series' soundtrack was released on May 18, 2004.
Beck released his breakthrough album Odelay on June 18, 1996, which included the successful singles "Where It's At" and "The New Pollution".
3 on the ARIA Singles Chart and When the World Comes Down peaking at No.
Along with releasing albums as the lead singer for Matchbox Twenty, Thomas has released three solo studio albums, two extended plays, and sixteen singles.
It produced four top 20 hits, including "Boondocks" and "Bring It on Home," both of which reached the top 10.
Carnes' follow-up album Voyeur saw moderate success, with the title track reaching the top thirty on the Billboard Hot 100 and in Australia.
In 2013, Metallica released the movie, Metallica: Through the Never, together with its soundtrack.
The music video for "This Momentary" was nominated for three UK Music Video Awards, including Best Cinematography, Best Editing and Best Telecine.
In the U.S., 17 albums reached the Billboard Top 40, four of those the Top 10, and one album topping the chart.
The fifth studio album, Le mot de passe was released on 14 May 1999.
She is also ranked as the best-selling female artist of the US Nielsen SoundScan era with album sales of 54 million.
She signed a recording contract with Chart Records in 1966, after her mother Liz Anderson gained success as a country songwriter and singer.
Galantis released their debut album Pharmacy on 8 June 2015.
The album's second single, Blessings was a certified double platinum.
Anderson has charted five number 1 singles on the Hot Country Songs charts, and has had 15 other singles reach Top 10.
On June 28, 2011, Sean released his debut studio album, Finally Famous, debuting at number 3 on the US Billboard 200.
In 2016, Kim contributed the song "Maybe I" to the soundtrack to Another Oh Hae-young.
This page contains a comprehensive collection of information related to recordings by American funk musician Isaac Hayes.
The album's subsequent singles "Knock U Out", "Funk U Up" and "Respect" peaked at numbers 14, 13 and 29, respectively.
The first live album, Best of Both Worlds Concert, peaked at number one on the Top Kid Audio chart.
In September 2008, the band returned with "Love You Anyway", which peaked at number five in the UK, making it their seventeenth consecutive top five single.
"Small Bump" was released in May 2012, peaking at No.
Her fourth studio album Dancing Madly Sideways was released in the same fashion, and thus did not chart in any territories.
In the video, Olivia travels through Australia, celebrates the country bicentenary and shows more of the Australian culture.
It peaked at number one on the US Dance/Electronic Albums and number four in the UK.
At the end of 1998, the band dissolved for what would become a nine-year hiatus.
Tender Buttons, the final studio album to feature Keenan, was released in 2005, alongside Microtronics, Volume 02.
In late 2009, the band released their first covers album, titled Panty Raid, featuring songs by female musicians from the 1990s and 2000s.
In November 2010, YG Entertainment announced a collaboration album from G-Dragon and bandmate T.O.P.
She released a self-titled EP in 2008 on the independent record label Underground Operations.
Released in April 2006, Atlas' seventh studio album Mish Maoul reached number 12 on the US World Music Albums chart.
In 2009, all band members left Kekal, but it was decided to keep the band simply as a legal institution.
The latter contains the track The Sound of Africa , a duet in honor of Angola with the participation of Angolan singer Anselmo Ralph.
The album was released in 1988 and has sold over 6 million copies.
As of July 2013, the band sales stood at 600,000 albums and 3,000,000 songs sold.
The discography of Mark Schultz, an American Christian music performer, consists of nine studio albums, seventeen singles, and five music videos.
The album spawned one single, "I Am".
The ClanDestine is a superhero comic book series created by writer/artist Alan Davis and published by Marvel Comics.
A single, "Little White Lies", followed in August 2014.
With Lemonade, Beyoncé became the first act in history to have six consecutive number one albums in the US.
Lohan's combined sales of her two albums sums up to 6.5 million copies sold worldwide.
Founded in 1996, the label mostly releases rock, pop, and metal, as well as occasional comedy and performance art CD and DVDs.
This is a detailed list of releases by the European band The Legendary Pink Dots.
This article gives the discography for the British indie rock band Grammatics.
War was a commercial success, becoming the band's first number-one album in the UK while reaching number 12 in the US.
Their debut album, The Brave Don't Run, was released in 2009 in New Zealand and Australia.
As of 2009, Children of Bodom have sold over two million records worldwide, including over 200,000 in Finland and over 500,000 in the U.S.
The first two singles peaked inside the top 5 in Sweden.
The album spawned two singles, "That Summer, at Home I Had Become the Invisible Boy" in April, and "And She Would Darken the Memory" in July.
Ladytron took their name from the 1972 song of the same name by Roxy Music.
The compilation contains two new compositions, plus songs from all five of Kern's previous studio albums.
The album spawned five commercially successful singles: "American Idiot", "Boulevard of Broken Dreams", "Holiday", "Wake Me Up When September Ends", and "Jesus of Suburbia".
He first announced his intentions to leave Made Man Music Group in July 2016.
The newly titled album, Ciara was released on July 5, 2013 and reached No.2 on the US Billboard 200.
He was the lead singer of Adam & the Ants until their split in early 1982, by which time they had recorded three studio albums.
Colter signed with Capitol Records in 1975 and released her debut single off the label "I'm Not Lisa".
The band currently consists of James Graham, Andy MacFarlane, and Mark Devine.
The song peaked to number 19 on the Norwegian Singles Chart.
In the period following the release of Train, producer Brendan O'Brien started working with the band in a partnership that would last for three albums.
The discography of Cold, an American rock band, consists of five studio albums, four extended play, fourteen singles, fifteen Promotional singles and fourteen music videos.
Eli Young Band is an American country music band.
"Bad As You Are" was released as the lead single from the album on 22 October 2012.
This article presents the discography of American jazz/R&B/soul/funk/disco group Kool & the Gang.
It peaked at number twenty in Canada and was certified double platinum there.
Scuba Dice were a four-piece pop punk band from Kilkenny.
Most famous from these freestyles was the adaptation of Macklemore and Ryan Lewis's track "Same Love", which discusses childhood, prejudice, homophobia and sexuality.
Group member Paul Cattermole departed the group in 2002 citing "creative differences", and the group changed its name from S Club 7 to simply S Club.
Cradlesong, Thomas' second album, was released in June 2009.
It was also awarded with Platinum certification by the IFPI for selling over one million copies in Europe.
To see Summer's albums performance please go to Donna Summer albums discography.
The band was formed in 1983 by vocalist and bassist Fat Mike, and guitarist Eric Melvin, drummer Erik Sandin joined them shortly afterwards.
Much of his music has been bootlegged; for an examination of this phenomenon, see Bob Dylan bootleg recordings.
It is estimated that by retirement at the end of 1993 Rick Astley had sold approximately 40 million records.
In 2008 she finished as the runner-up of the first series of Italian talent show X Factor.
However, sales improved for their second Japanese album Five in the Black, which peaked at number ten on the Oricon.
Her debut album also produced four singles, including the commercially successful hits "Show das Poderosas" and "Zen".
Meanwhile, advanced CD copies were briefly distributed.
To promote the mixtape, Banks released three music videos for tracks on the project, "Luxury", "Atlantis", and "Fierce", the latter being shot with clothing company ASOS.
Billboard 200, making it his third number one album on the chart.
Placebo's next studio album, 1998's Without You I'm Nothing, peaked at number seven in both the UK and France.
It peaked at number 22 in the United Kingdom, receiving platinum certifications from the British Phonographic Industry and the Recording Industry Association of America.
The single was released on 21 October and debuted at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart.
The music video for the album's second single "G Bedtime Stories" which was a success, the song was produced by Meech Wells.
The band is known for its left-wing sociopolitical lyrics, dealing with issues of feminism and the LGBT community.
The discography of Lil Jon, an American rapper, consists of 7 studio albums and 15 singles.
Zoax are a rock band formed in London, signed to Century Media Records
This list does not include material performed by members or former members of GNR that was recorded with associated acts.
In Australia it peaked at number 6 on the ARIA Charts and was certified Platinum.
These were released on Labsoul Records and Avex Group independent label Rhythm Republic in 1998, and from 1999 onwards released through Rhythm Zone.
Consisting of rappers and singers Redfoo and SkyBlu, the duo was formed in 2006 in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Pacific Palisades.
In May 2011 it was confirmed that the first single will feature American singer-songwriter Dev, and is titled "She Makes Me Wanna".
From 2009, Koda increasingly worked with directors Ryuji Seki and Hiroaki Higashi.
In 2009 they self-released their debut EP 33, then released their debut single "Lucia, at the Precipice" on Too Pure in February 2010.
Their first single, She's A Weapon, was released in April 2008 to high acclaim by Radio 1's Zane Lowe, NME and Q.
The album, Ghosts, was also released in June 2007 and peaked at No.92.
As with his preceding and succeeding albums, it is an album of instrumental songs.
and then as a solo artist, Larry Norman is noted for his extensive career as well his attention to Christian subject matter.
In 1999 Sangalo began her solo career and release her self-titled album, with the smash hits "Se Eu Não Te Amasse Tanto Assim" and, "Canibal".
The song also reached number thirteen in Australia and was certified Gold by the ARIA.
"Rhythm Nation" has been thought to portray the most influential choreography and setting in a music video by multiple critics, achieving legendary status.
It peaked at number 185 on the US Billboard 200.
Carey signed a new deal in 2002 with Island Records and released her seventh studio album Charmbracelet, which also fell short of Carey's earlier success.
The discography of Lee Hyori consists of five studio albums and twenty-two singles.
The two EPs were compiled together as 13 Songs.
Gang Gajang are an Australian pop rock band which formed in 1984.
Aiko later left the aforementioned labels in order to continue her education.
In 2012, Dion began recording songs for her new French and English-language albums.
"Definition", the single from Black Star's self-titled debut album, reached #60 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #3 on the Hot Rap Singles chart.
Two years later, Little Lights became Rusby's first release to enter the Top 100 of the UK Albums Chart, peaking at number 75.
Shawty Lo embarked on his career with the Southern hip hop group D4L.
Paid in Full produced five singles, four of which appeared on Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.
debuted with the single "Ich bin Du", released in 1991.
One single was released from the album, "Caravan of Love".
In 2007, in collaboration with jazz pianist Sean Foran, released her debut EP Nightlight.
This is a comprehensive discography of Emperor, a Notodden, Norway-based black metal band.
The discography of Argentine pop rock band Erreway consists of three studio albums, two compilation albums, one live albums and thirteen official singles.
"2 in the Morning" was released as the group's third single and peaked at number thirty-five.
Lonerism was voted number one on several publications' year-end album lists, including NME, Loud and Quiet and FILTER.
It is the largest city and county seat of Monroe County.
The first part, titled Framing Armageddon, reached the top 30 on the German and Swedish Sverigetopplistan charts.
As of 2014, the band have released 15 studio albums.
The results are heavy beats, atmospheric mood and sound clips from the psychedelic era of the late 1960s.
It debuted at number thirty-five on the Billboard 200, and was later certified Gold by the RIAA.
The band's second album, Don't Look Back, was released in 1978.
The label's catalog numbering system began with no.
announced he drew a close to his 10-year contract with Atlantic Records and was searching for a new label to sign himself and Grand Hustle.
As of July 2013, they had released three studio albums, seven singles, three EPs and one live album.
Their second studio album Time to Destination released that year sold more than 3.5 million copies in Japan, their best-selling album to date.
It was debuted at number 43 in the France and Belgium.
The single contains vocal and instrumental songs of the opening theme, "Popotan"; the closing theme "Answer"; and "Magical Girl Mii"'s theme, "Magical Girl Mii's Pong".
It also peaked at number 16 in France, their biggest hit there since "Just a Little".
His debut single, 1985's "California Girls", reached number 3 on Hot 100, and 1988's "Just Like Paradise" reached number 6 on the same chart.
2010's This Addiction was released through the band's newly formed label Heart & Skull, in partnership with Epitaph Records.
With the addition of drummer Kevin Mahon, a second demo, Vivida Vis!, was released in limited numbers by Misanthrope Records.
The band's latest album, Incorruptible, was released on June 16, 2017.
It debuted at number one in Denmark, Finland and Sweden, and became their first appearance on the Billboard 200 in the United States.
This is a discography of the German electro house duo Digitalism.
"Mmm Yeah" was released as the lead single from Mahone's second EP, titled The Secret, released on January 26, 2014.
She has achieved worldwide record sales of more than 80 million.
The discography of Vanessa Hudgens consists of two studio albums, one extended play, four singles, two tours and four music videos.
This was the only single from his first album, Across the Sky that was released on November 3, 2003 though Southern Fried Records and Epic Japan.
Alkaline Trio's fifth album, Crimson, was released in 2005 through Vagrant.
Freedom, Ferguson's second studio album, was released in December 2013.
This is the discography of American rapper Webbie.
On July 29, 2008, they released their second extended play, The Yippee through Loveway Records.
This is the discography of Japanese female group Kalafina.
The band released the first single from their third album Contact, titled "Winner" on 9 July 2012.
Disney character Hannah Montana has released one live album, 26 singles, twenty-three music videos, five soundtracks, and two remix albums.
Jackson's follow-ups, Bad, Dangerous, and HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book 1, also became international successes.
release was an eponymously titled 1997 cassette demo.
On March 11, 2009 their third album Redeemer was released.
The title track reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Singles and Tracks chart.
It won the Down Beat best album award for 1975.
Their fourth international single "Somebody to You", featuring Demi Lovato", debuted at number four in the UK.
The album's third single "Weed Instead of Roses" became a top-forty hit on the Hot Country Songs survey.
The fourth Spice Girls single, the double A-side "Mama"/"Who Do You Think You Are", also went to number one in the UK.
Shortly afterwards the rest of the band fired the vocalist, Chuck Mosley, and replaced him with Mike Patton.
The discography of Mayday Parade, an American rock band, consists of five studio albums, two extended plays, and 14 singles.
Beginning with the Cute's major debut back in 2007, all its singles* reached the Top 10 in the Oricon Weekly Chart.
The following year, de Freitas was killed in a motorcycle accident, and the band re-emerged with a new line-up.
This is the discography of Hong Kong singer Prudence Liew.
Starting with the ninth volume, the series was retitled Live from the Mountain Music Lounge.
The band has a record of 240 weeks in the UK Album Chart, 145 of those were spent in the Top 40 in the UK.
Her debut album, Baduizm, was released on February 11, 1997.
Early recordings by the quartet contain contemporary classical music and adaptations of more popular music, such as jazz and rock and roll.
Ego Trippin' was the tenth best selling hip hop album of the year, selling 401,000 copies in the US.
London Festival '08 was first released on January 1, 2008 with Island Records.
They featured on "Heart Skips a Beat" by Olly Murs, which was released on 21 August 2011, entering the chart at #1 on 28 August 2011.
After leaving Island Records, a greatest hits compilation, The Best of Christina Milian, was released in 2006 solely in Japan.
The discography of Grinderman, a former London-based alternative rock group, consists of two studio albums, one remix album, eight singles, and six music videos.
The singles from Grease had excerpts from the film as music videos, with heavy rotation in television.
American hip hop recording artist will.i.am brought the duo to the attention of industry executive Jimmy Iovine, who signed them to his label Interscope Records.
The discography of the Irish pop rock quartet Director, from their debut single "Reconnect" to their most recent single "Sing It Without a Tune".
Their second album Strictly Physical was released in September 2007 and reached number two in Germany.
The album has been certified Platinum in the UK where it has sold 391,447 copies there as of April 2016.
The song was produced by Warryn Campbell.
On October 10, 2012, Roberts released a preview of a cover version of Bobby Newberry's "All In A Day", produced By The Invaders.
The album peaked at #1 on iTunes charts in Japan, Vietnam, Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, Finland, and Hong Kong.
It peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified platinum, denoting sales of 70,000 copies.
After a tour promoting the album Remission, Mastodon released their second studio album, Leviathan, in August 2004.
He has also won four Golden Globe Awards, seven British Academy Film Awards, 23 Grammy Awards and received several gold and Platinum records.
The album is certified 5× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
Its follow-up, "Nobody's Wife", was released the following year.
His discography comprises fourteen studio albums, four compilation albums, and forty-six singles.
Roche then quit, leaving the band with no remaining original members.
The Oak Ridge Boys is an American musical group.
By 2009, 34 of their 45 singles and EPs had made the UK Top 40, with 17 climbing into the Top 10.
On 17 July 2015, the band released "She's Kinda Hot", the first single off their second studio album, Sounds Good Feels Good.
On Gangsta Grillz: The Album there were again two singles.
Palmer released her debut album So Uncool on September 18, 2007.
", the band's first international number-one single, "Shut Up", "Hey Mama", and "Let's Get It Started".
Jet-CD is their most successful album , Kore ga watashi no ikiru michi is their most successful single.
The song was chosen for the DreamWorks animated movie Mr. Peabody & Sherman and was also used in the Autumn Iceland TV commercials.
It peaked at number 6 in the UK and was certified Gold.
This album included the popular hits "One Tiny Part"and "Shangguan Yan and I".
Simon Curtis is an American actor, singer-songwriter, and record producer.
On this page you will find the complete discography of the rock band Faces.
His fourth album, 2005's gold-certified III, produced the Number One single "Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off".
Rowland's second studio album, Ms. Kelly, was released in 2007 and debuted at number six on the US Billboard 200.
The song became a hit for the summer of 2003, peaking at number 26 in the US, marking T.I.
On this page you will find the complete discography of John Miles.
They released their self-titled début EP, Broods, on 30 January 2014, which was followed by a full-length album, Evergreen, on 22 August 2014.
After disbanding in 2002 there had been released seven compilation albums.
The album charted at numbers 10 and four in the UK and Ireland, respectively.
1 on the pop charts – "Memories Are Made of This" in 1956 and "Everybody Loves Somebody" nearly a decade later.
In 2014, Tamia entered a joint venture with Def Jam Recordings to release her sixth album Love Life.
This is the discography of Lil' Flip, an American rapper.
Immediately after tour from her previous album, she returned to the studio to record her fourth album, Breathe.
The compilation Mary Ann Meets the Gravediggers and Other Short Stories, containing songs from Spektor's first three albums, was assembled for the UK market.
She is, after seven years, still working on her third studio album.
The discography of Jamie T includes four studio albums, two live albums, five extended plays, thirteen singles and sixteen music videos.
Using the pseudonym Late!, Grohl released the album Pocketwatch, on which he performed all instruments and vocals.
It featured the singles "Uh Huh", "Gots Ta Be" and "Why I Love You".
The band's 1981 Greatest Hits album is the biggest selling album in UK history with 6.0 million copies sold by 2014.
"Scale It Back", the album's third single, charted in the Belgian region of Flanders.
His discography consists of six studio albums, one extended play, one compilation album, and twenty singles.
This is the discography of Macedonian-Romani and former Yugoslav singer-songwriter Esma Redžepova.
The album was promoted by the single "Glory" and received positive reviews.
She has received a number of awards and accolades from different organizations.
In June 16, 2014, Tiësto released his fifth studio album, A Town Called Paradise.
He often plays bass using a pick but is also known to play fingerstyle.
The discography of Clannad, an Irish musical group, consists of sixteen studio albums, seventeen compilation albums, thirty-one singles and a number of other appearances.
The album was certified gold by the RIAA.
Welcome Interstate Managers, the third album, was released in 2003 on S-Curve Records.
The complete discography of the Argentine rock band Babasónicos.
Her debut studio album, Lana Del Ray, was shelved initially and was released in January 2010 under the name Lana Del Ray.
"(Bem) Na Minha Mão" was the first single.
Twenty-three of her singles for Arista, plus a cut for the soundtrack to Happy, Texas, all made the Hot Country Songs in that timespan.
The following year, the band released Here, It Never Snowed.
The set contains music videos for all eight singles, previously unreleased videos, and nine remixes.
Townsend also released a special edition of Accelerated Evolution which included an EP called Project EKO.
Allen's range of musical genres incorporates styles such as pop, ska, electropop and reggae fusion.
Budgeted at $25 million, the film became a financial success, resulting in a worldwide box office total of $114.3 million.
It was released on August 14, 2007 by Warner Music Latina.
However, the duo reformed in 2000 for a new studio album, Everybody Loves a Happy Ending, which was released in 2004/05.
After a greatest-hits package on Mercury Records, Lawrence founded his own label, Rocky Comfort Records.
Jonghyun released his first extended play, Base, on January 12, 2015.
It yielded a single titled "Fine", which was a number one on the Gaon Digital Chart and peaked at number seven on the World Digital Songs.
In 2008, Wilson released the lead-off single to her fourth studio album, "Don't Do Me No Good".
In March 2013, Bella Thorne announced she'd been signed to Hollywood Records, and began working on her debut material.
The label initially marketed Kuraki in the United States under the name Mai K, and released the single "Baby I Like".
The discography of Jhené Aiko, an American singer-songwriter, consists of one studio album, one extended play, one mixtape, 13 singles and 15 music videos.
Billboard Hot 100 and Number 1 in Canada.
Wonderlustre spawned the singles "My Ugly Boy", "Over the Love" and "You Saved Me".
With the stage name of Alanis, she signed a record deal with the Canadian division of MCA Records for two dance-pop albums.
He released his debut EP Lost & Found on December 22, 2010.
In 2010, Kerli's "Tea Party" was a single from the Alice in Wonderland film inspired soundtrack Almost Alice.
An unofficial live album, the bootleg Live at Circo Voador, is in circulation among fans.
The group's line-up is Susan Ottaviano, Ted Ottaviano, Jade Lee and Lauren Roselli.
Killing Joke's eighth album, Extremities, Dirt & Various Repressed Emotions, was released in 1990.
This list contains all studio and live albums of original materials of Spanish singer Julio Iglesias.
Their early recordings – recorded for Gallo's 'black music' division Mavuthela Music Company – sold very well.
Their debut album, Twelve Stops and Home was released in 2006, and reached number 2 in the UK Albums Chart.
The following is a list of releases by American punk rock band Anti-Flag.
In 2007, R. Kelly released Double Up, which included the duet with Usher "Same Girl" and a single that featured Ludacris and Kid Rock, "Rock Star".
In 1966, he began an association with Stax Records, where he enjoyed his greatest commercial success with both singles and albums.
He has since released eleven Mandarin studio, one Japanese studio, three compilation, one remix and three concert DVD albums.
The record entered the UK Albums Chart at number two and debuted in the United States at number 12.
's "Swagga like Us" and Jay Sean's "Down", the latter of which gave Wayne his second number-one single on the Hot 100.
Hook Me Up also produced the top-ten hits "This Love" and "Take Me on the Floor", both of which were certified Gold in Australia.
Four years later 2006's Under a Billion Suns was released followed in 2008 by The Lucky Ones, which garnered little attention.
The band's next studio album No Fixed Address followed the next year on Republic Records.
The band has released two studio albums, Always and Never and Keep Me On Your Side.
The discography of Boosie Badazz, an American rapper.
A year prior, Gardner had performed backing vocals on the Black Flag song "Slip It In".
Crucially, the club lay between two art colleges and became a testbed for student fashion designers who set London ablaze during the 1980s.
The single is the first Serbian punk rock release.
It was certified platinum by the RIAA.
This album won a Grammy for "Best Musical Album for Children".
Almost all of Bennett's albums have been released by Columbia Records.
The discography of SOiL, an American heavy metal band, consists of six studio albums, one live album, three extended plays and eleven singles.
Fatherfucker was released in 2003 and became Peaches' first charting album.
Following his death in 1984, three albums were released posthumously while some of Gaye's landmark works were re-issued.
The greatest hits compilation served as a prelude to their fourth studio album, 2010's Tonic.
Noah23 is a Canadian-American underground hip hop artist from Guelph, Ontario.
His albums have been successful in many countries, especially New Zealand, Australia and some European countries.
Cline's label would continually release singles between 1965 and 1973, including a cover version of "Anytime," which was her only charting single from those releases.
featured the last material recorded with original bassist Andy Nicholson, whose departure from the band was announced in June.
This article presents the discography of country music singer-songwriter, Jeannie Seely.
Her second studio album, Drastic Fantastic, was released in September 2007.
The soundtrack was certified 3x Platinum by the RIAA and became the biggest selling gospel album of all time.
Barrio Fino is cited as the album that introduced reggaeton into the mainstream market and became the best selling Latin album of the 2000s decade.
The Dirty 9s are a band from Dublin, Ireland who have been writing & recording music together since 2008.
"I Don't Care" served as the lead promotional single during this period, and also reached number one.
It went platinum 17 times in the United States and was the best-selling pop debut album in history.
It was followed by a third live album, Spyboy, in 1998, and a collaborative album with Linda Ronstadt, Western Wall: The Tucson Sessions, in 1999.
Following his signing to Jive Records in 1995, the album was re-released under the title Mind of Mystikal as his debut studio album.
After signing a recording contract in 1995, the band released its first album in 1996, titled Lemon Parade.
Rehab, his fourth solo album, was released in 2010 and reached No.
The band's first release to feature the new member was The $5.98 E.P.
The next singles that follow were "Celos", "Corazón Perdido" and "Mar de Amor".
The album features its lead single, "Beautiful Girls".
Throughout the 1980s, Travis reached Number One with all but two of his single releases.
Renowned artist Tone formed this band after releasing his first album titled "我的6:57am", and recruited two other members to form Cool Silly.
The second single, "Groupie Luv", peaked at number twenty-six on the Hot 100 Airplay.
Their 1997 album, Azadi, which has sold more than half million copies, and hit platinum sales status in a record of four weeks.
Since 2000, the band has released six studio albums and eight singles.
The second single from the album, "Ænema", won the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1998.
Chris LeDoux was a Rodeo Cowboy who sang and recorded songs in his spare time and sold his albums from the back of his truck.
The song reached number 17 in the UK Singles Chart.
Olga Scheps has achieved considerable critical success for her works.
In March 2012, a new single was released, the non-album single "R U Mine?
The following is a discography for country music artist Bill Anderson.
Also known as EWF or the Elements of the Universe, the band has won six Grammy Awards and four American Music Awards.
The series "C", which was introduced in 1949, had a 998 cc 50 degree OHV V-twin engine running a 7.3:1 compression ratio.
The group, formed in 1981, consisted of rappers Adam "MCA" Yauch, Michael "Mike D" Diamond and Adam "Ad-Rock" Horovitz, accompanied by turntablist Mix Master Mike.
"Love Love Love" and "I Need You Now" were also released in Sweden, peaking at numbers four and 10, respectively.
The album debuted at number thirty-six on the U.S.
1994's What a Way to Live, the first of four albums that he released on Decca Records, is certified gold.
The discography of Zapp, an American funk band, consists of six studio albums, twenty-two singles and two official compilation albums.
The same year in Hong Kong, Radio Hong Kong awarded Zhao the "Best Progress Award."
He released a compilation album No Turning Back: The Story So Far in September 2008 which peaked at number seven.
The band's fifth studio album, Not Your Kind of People, was released on 14 May 2012 through the band's own label, Stunvolume.
He explained, "But maybe there's something like that [a Deathly Hallows-related full length] in the future.
The extensive supporting Sam's Town Tour saw the band graduate to sold-out arena dates worldwide and obtain a headline slot at Glastonbury Festival.
Carpenter released her fourth studio album in June 1992 titled Come On Come On, which became her best-selling record.
On August 14, 2015, B.o.B unexpectedly released a commercial mixtape, Psycadelik Thoughtz, with little-to-no promotion.
According to some sources, Kiss have sold more than 100 million albums worldwide.
Pentagram Chile is an extreme metal band from Chile, formed in 1985.
This is a discography for the American rock band Primus.
He released the album under the name Mark Lanegan Band.
Davies recorded the 1982 album Primitive Man virtually as a solo artist, co-producing with Keith Forsey, but it was released under the name Icehouse.
The albums included hit singles such as "Big Pimpin'" and "I Just Wanna Love U" and featured several guest appearances from artists signed to Roc-A-Fella Records.
Nim is currently managed by Jonny Zazula.
The debut single from the album, "You", was released on March 27, 2007 and reached the Top 10 on Hot Christian Songs.
American singer Steve Earle has released sixteen studio albums, including a collaboration with bluegrass artist Del McCoury.
"Your Woman" reached number 60, whilst his album The Unlikely Lad was released as a digital download in August 2005.
Music videos and collaborations are also included.
The 20/20 Experience was the top-selling album in the United States of 2013, selling 2,427,000 copies by the end of the year.
Idlewild was met with lukewarm reviews from music critics and from fans.
Warner countered with requests for him to slow down on delivery of new projects and extend their term of promotion, a request denied by Prince.
The album spawned two singles, "Cotopaxi" and "Since We've Been Wrong".
"Blow" also managed to peak within the top ten of multiple countries.
The Weakerthans formed in Winnipeg in 1997 with the lineup of John K. Samson, John P. Sutton, and Jason Tait.
This article presents the discography of Shirley Bassey.
As of July 2014, Duff has sold over 15 million records worldwide.
Kiyoko's debut EP, A Belle to Remember, was released in March 2013.
It was later certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
In 1985, Madonna released her second US number-one single, "Crazy for You", and her first UK number-one single, "Into the Groove", both from feature film soundtracks.
Ty Herndon is an American country music artist.
Chameleon, Zelmerlöw's seventh studio album, was released in December 2016.
The next single released was "Powerless", featuring Becky Hill.
In 2008, Ryan released two singles: "L.I.L.Y."
She collaborated with Pitbull once more for the song "Superstar", which served as the theme song for the Copa América Centenario.
While touring in support of Fallen, the band recorded their performance in Paris.
On 28 November the same year, McElderry released his third studio album Classic Christmas, which debuted and peaked at number 15.
Their latest album is Sonic Highways, recorded in eight different American cities and released in 2014.
Paul Weller's first solo release was "Into Tomorrow", released under the banner of The Paul Weller Movement.
The group eventually went into hiatus in 2008, after being dropped from E1 Music,
The sonic experimentation of Brian Wilson was also evident in some tracks.
In Indonesia, it sold over 550.000 copies album and certificated Double Platinum by ASIRI.
Of his 89 singles, seven reached number 1 on the U.S.
As of April 2006 the band has released five studio albums, three extended plays, one compilation, and one DVD.
After a musical hiatus, Kim released La Bella Mafia in 2003.
Due to creative differences, Emery and Rue left the band prior to the deal and were replaced by Kristen Pfaff and Patty Schemel, respectively.
Lead single "Supermassive Black Hole" is the band's most successful on the UK Singles Chart to date, peaking at number 4.
REO Speedwagon released their debut album, R.E.O.
The discography of the Emery, an American post-hardcore band, consists of five studio albums, four extended plays and one box set.
In 2002, the grime group Roll Deep was formed, and included Danquah and Dizzee Rascal.
It peaked at number 38 on the US Billboard 200 and number one on the US Latin Albums chart.
Born and raised in Hsinchu, Taiwan, she rose to fame in the early 2000s as a member of Taiwanese girl-group S.H.E.
The five-person band's debut and only album, Wicked Man's Rest, was released in 2007.
In 1984, Midnight Oil's Red Sails in the Sunset became their first number one album in Australia.
The band now records under its own label, 3CG Records.
In September 2007, they released Nil Recurring, an EP of four leftover tracks from the recording sessions for Fear of a Blank Planet.
In 2004, the group made their musical debut by releasing a cover of "Sway", for the soundtrack to the film, Shall We Dance?.
During the earlier part of his career, he recorded several singles for smaller record labels.
Following the success of her telenovela, Eiza recorded and released her debut album, Contracorriente in Mexico in November 2009.
97 on Rolling Stone's 100 greatest singers list.
Rocket from the Crypt signed with Interscope Records, who re-released Circa: Now!
Five singles were released from the album, with "Walls Fall Down" charting at number six on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100.
15 in Ireland and became her second chart-topper on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart in April.
The band has released two demos, four studio albums, three EPs, one DVD, seven music videos, and twelve singles.
As of October 2011, Noll has achieved eighteen platinum and four gold certifications for albums and singles.
The album was subsequently certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, without having charted a number one single.
1 in three weeks and "Don't Get Comfortable" placed at No.
Included are four studio albums, three compilation albums, fifteen singles and three soundtracks.
The band also has three singles that spent at least ten weeks at #1, one of which was the aforementioned "Second Chance".
Rae Sremmurd collaborated with American rapper Ty Dolla Sign and Future on platinum single "Blasé", which peaked at number 66 in the US.
Carey is one of the best-selling music artists of all-time, having sold over 200 million records globally.
In January 2010, her song "L'amoureuse" was featured in an episode of NBC's Chuck, "Chuck vs. First Class".
Set in a multiverse, its storyline follows a group of five travelers as they journey across the dimensions in search of Sakura's memories.
The global industrial production of ammonia in 2014 was 176 million tonnes, a 16% increase over the 2006 global industrial production of 152 million tonnes.
The End of the Innocence became his first solo Top 10 album on the Billboard 200.
Three more albums were released after that and at least seven compilations, almost all were very well received by the public.
The band's next single, "Gentleman" did not manage to repeat the band's success, peaking at No.
Platinum Pixie: Hits, Lott's greatest hits album, was released in November 2014, reaching number 107 on the UK Albums Chart.
", "Been Gone", "2U", "Fallen" & "Table Dancer".
She recorded a total of five studio albums for Decca.
Abnormally Attracted to Sin is Amos's seventh album to debut on the US Top 10 on the Billboard 200.
Longtime members Joel Ekman, Shawn Economaki and Jim Root left the band in 2006, 2011 and 2014, respectively.
The discography of The Ting Tings, an English indie pop duo, consists of three studio albums, three extended plays, ten singles and fourteen music videos.
They also released a joint live CD and DVD with MC5 titled Black to Comm, recorded at the 2008 Meltdown festival.
Goldfrapp's sixth studio album, Tales of Us, was released in September 2013, peaking at number four on the UK Albums Chart.
In 2009, this was followed by Logos, which leaked onto the Internet two months before its release.
Formed in 1998 under SM Entertainment, it consists of Eric Mun, Lee Min-woo, Kim Dong-wan, Shin Hye-sung, Jun Jin and Andy Lee.
On April 14, 2017, his fourth studio album, Damn, was released and reached number 1 on the Billboard 200.
Isadar; March 7, 1968) is an American pianist, singer-songwriter, musician, recording artist, music video director, and record producer.
The discography of Guttermouth consists of nine studio albums, one live album, four EPs, two singles, two video albums, and five music videos.
The British rock musician also collaborated with friends along his extensive solo career.
The title track reached the top 10 in multiple countries and received gold and platinum certifications in Australia and New Zealand.
It featured the top-ten hits "Can't Remember to Forget You" and "Dare".
Numan released his first record in 1978 as part of the outfit Tubeway Army.
Yazoo were a British synthpop duo from Basildon, Essex, England, consisting of former Depeche Mode member Vince Clarke and Alison Moyet.
Released after a long hiatus, The Strokes' fourth album Angles became their third consecutive LP to chart at number four on the Billboard 200.
It has become one of the best-selling singles of all-time, with sales of over 9.3 million copies.
"Whiskey" and "I Hope It Rains" were the next singles respectfully spawned from the album, both reaching minor positions on the Billboard country songs chart.
The trilogy produced one single: the re-released "Rapture", which charted in several countries in Europe and reached number three in Romania.
In 2001 they released her first EP album, and between 2003 and 2010 released seven studio albums.
Breathe Out., which debuted in the top five in the U.S, Canada and Australia.
2009 saw the band re-unite, with the single releases of "Because of You" and "Squander", from the compilation Smashes and Trashes.
American singer and songwriter Jake Owen has released five studio albums, one extended play, and 17 singles.
This is the discography of Turkish R&B/pop singer-songwriter of Murat Boz.
Although it was not as successful as their previous albums, it was still certified Platinum.
His most commercially successful period occurred between 1975's Born to Run and 1987's Tunnel of Love.
This is the discography of the South Korean girl group f(x).
Three singles, "This Mystery," "Fool For You" and "Every Season", were released from This Mystery.
The discography of Kathy Mattea, an American country music singer, comprises seventeen studio albums, four compilation albums, and forty-one singles.
The band released their debut album, Mr Borndeads Feast in 2004, after the release of the compact cassette Abnormal Waltz, recorded in 1998.
This is the discography of American rock singer Phillip Phillips.
Doolittle was the most successful album for Pixies, earning them a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America in 1995.
The song peaked to number 31 on the Swedish Singles Chart.
It included the singles "I Want Your Sex", "Faith", "Father Figure", "One More Try" and "Monkey".
In June 2013, Newman released his debut single "Love Me Again" as the lead single from his debut studio album.
She signed with EMI Latin nine years later as a solo artist though her band continued to tour with her.
This page lists albums, singles, and compilations by the band Cheap Trick, alongside chart positions, release date, and sales achievements.
Coolaid was released July 1, 2016 on eOne.
The discography of German dance band R.I.O.
1999 saw the release of two Children of Bodom albums: their second studio album, Hatebreeder, and their first live album, titled Tokyo Warhearts.
Fanny Lu has sold more than 3 millions albums worldwide.
MercyMe, formed in 1994, released six independent albums from 1995–2000 before signing with INO Records and releasing their major label debut album, Almost There.
One single from the album, "Lakini's Juice", peaked at number one on the Alternative Songs chart.
The band was formed by vocalist Craig Mabbitt in 2008.
In 1988, Xuxa would reach impressive sales figures like no other Brazilian artist.
The following year Gold was re-released as a mainstream album.
She rose to national fame in 2008 with the release of "Kun for mig".
It was anchored by promotional singles "Clap Your Hands", "Go Away", "Can't Nobody", and "It Hurts".
Akinori Nakagawa is a Japanese singer, songwriter and actor.
He released his next studio album entitled Game Face it charted on the Billboard 200 at number fifty-three with substantially lower sales than his previous albums.
The discography of Corbin Bleu consists of two studio albums, five singles, five music videos.
The discography for Ice Cube, an American rapper, consists of ten studio albums, six compilation albums, as well as seven movie soundtracks.
The Roots founded the company Okayplayer, and released The Tipping Point in 2004.
As of episode 279, ending themes were omitted and, starting from episode 326 onwards, opening themes were extended from 110 seconds long to 150 seconds long.
The song represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015.
The album peaked at number one and was certified million.
Manson presented some of her work to Geffen Records in 2008, who found it "too noir", prompting Manson and Geffen to mutually terminate her contract.
All of her big band recordings and nearly all of her other early works have been re-issued on CDs over the years.
The title track reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in 1999 and was followed by the top 20 hit "It Was".
In 2010 he began to record with EMI, with whom he signed an exclusive recording contract to record Chopin’s complete solo piano works.
Four singles from the album topped the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, bringing the band's overall total to six.
's single "Gifted" in 2009, and penned and recorded the song "Possibility" for the soundtrack of The Twilight Saga: New Moon later that year.
American post-grunge band Creed has released four studio albums, two compilation albums, one extended play, 18 singles, one video album and 15 music videos.
BeForU was produced by Naoki Maeda, one of the lead Konami musical producers.
In over a decade's span, Oh, Sleeper released three full-length albums and two EPs through Solid State Records, and toured worldwide as an opening act.
Since first becoming active in 1989, Seefried has released six studio albums and one soundtrack as an artist.
Los Angeles County Coroner's Lieutenant Fred Corral ruled the death a suicide, following an autopsy.
Each year, KMTT selects a single retailer to exclusively offer the CDs.
In 2008, the group was inducted into the All Time Hot 100 Artist Hall of Fame by Billboard magazine at 56th place.
With his good friend Simon, they began to perform together.
Andriana Babali born in 1976 is a Greek singer and songwriter.
No Angel, Dido's debut album, was released in June 1999.
The album was also certified gold by ARIA.
With the release of the band's second studio album, Godina sirotinjske zabave, the band abolished the early hard rock concept, and turned towards grunge.
It was the first of four in a row between 1984 and 1993.
That December, the group released their sixth and last concert DVD, Tournée do Adeus.
The album itself debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200.
Good Riddance reunited in 2012 and released their eighth studio album, Peace in Our Time, in 2015.
Scott Walker is the stage name of the American singer-songwriter Noel Scott Engel, former lead singer with The Walker Brothers.
This article presents the discography of Procol Harum.
His discography comprises forty-nine albums and fifty-nine singles.
"Dead in Hollywood" peaked at 54 on the UK charts.
The song peaked at number 9 on the UK Singles Chart and also charted in Belgium and Ireland.
In Australia and the United Kingdom, Minogue achieved early success with singles such as "Love and Kisses" and "Success".
Several of these songs have charted on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks and Hot 100 charts.
On June 16, 2015, Duff released her fifth studio album Breathe In.
American singer and songwriter Marc Anthony has released 12 studio albums, 15 music videos and 48 singles.
!—Anggun became one of the most successful Indonesian rock singers in the early 1990s.
The following is the discography of the American rock band Blue Öyster Cult.
The album peaked at number one on the UK Album Chart and has been certified two times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry.
Paulini's third studio album Come Alive was released in May 2015, and debuted at number 25 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
Third album A New Flame was released in 1989, containing "If You Don't Know Me by Now", which became their second US number one hit.
The album was certified 6 times platinum and sold over eleven million worldwide.
Five singles were released that includes: "CheaterCheaterBestFriendEater," "Lousy Truth," "Lovesick," "Trampoline," and "Harmony."
The single also topped American chart provider Billboard's 2012 year-end Hot 100 chart.
A digital album and second collective effort with the Conglomerate were both released in 2012, previewing the direction of Conglomerate records.
It is also the place where the Geneva Conventions were signed, which chiefly concern the treatment of wartime non-combatants and prisoners of war.
On September 14, 2015, Haze released a project titled Back to the Woods which was described as "something to share before [the] sophomore".
This is the discography of American rapper Busta Rhymes.
All three songs were sung by Under17.
The following year saw the release of Faith No More's next album, Angel Dust, the first Patton had musical influence on.
Gray is famed for her distinctive raspy voice, and a singing style heavily influenced by Billie Holiday and Betty Davis.
The album gained critical and chart success, selling more than three million copies within one year of release.
2PM debuted with the single "10 Out of 10" in 2008, but it was their single "Again & Again" that propelled them into super-stardom in mid-2009.
Elvis Crespo has released eight studio albums, 19 singles, and many music videos in the record label Sony BMG.
La Roux was originally formed as a duo in 2006, consisting of Elly Jackson and Ben Langmaid.
George Jones was an American country music singer-songwriter who released many successful albums from the 1960s through the 80's.
His fifth studio album Electric Circus was met with acclaim from music critics.
Throughout his career, Arjona has sold approximately 20 million albums worldwide, making him one of the most successful Latin artists in music history.
The Libertines released their first single "What a Waster" in June 2002 through Rough Trade Records.
Xuxa became phenomenon also abroad, recording albums in Spanish for the Latin American market.
Im began her music career as a gospel singer in Korea and independently released her debut studio album, Dream, in 2010.
The following is the discography of Deborah Cox.
Drummer Ryan Jenkinson is currently a member of Reverend and the Makers.
The discography of Del Amitri, a Scottish pop rock band formed in 1983, includes six studio albums, one live album, two compilation and 19 singles.
Eleven of his singles reached Number One on the U.S.
The single reached number 35 in the UK singles chart, making Mesh-29 the second unsigned band ever to achieve such a result.
While still with the band, McCulloch released a further solo album, Slideling, in 2002.
After hearing demos of Howerdel's music, Maynard James Keenan, the lead singer of Tool, offered his services as vocalist.
Treeless Plain, their first studio LP album, was released in November 1983.
It and was followed by 60s 70s 80s, which reached number one on the Oricon weekly and the monthly chart.
Lorna Shore is an American deathcore band from Warren County, New Jersey.
The Ting Tings were formed in 2004 in Salford, England by Jules De Martino and Katie White.
The duo uploaded each song to their YouTube channel with alternate artworks for each track.
1999–2009 became the best-selling album of 2009 in Japan by selling over 1.43 million copies, making it the first time Arashi has topped annual album charts.
The group released their third studio album, Quicken the Heart on 11 May 2009.
On September 27, 2005, Bell released his debut album Telegraph.
In 2007 appeared the live album ElOrgNewWave, recorded during the Breskve u teškom sirupu tour, in the Belgrade Dom Omladine.
It became the band's sixth and fifth consecutive number one album in Australia and the United Kingdom, respectively, and reached double platinum in the US.
Red Velvet was formed by the Korean entertainment company S.M.
This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by Ed Bruce, an American country music songwriter and singer.
All of Hill's studio albums, including her 2008 Christmas compilation, have been certified Gold, Platinum, or Multi-Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
"Dust Clears" was released as the third single from the album, reaching number forty-three on the UK chart.
began recording songs for their debut album.
On 9 July 2010, Boyle announced that her second album would be a Christmas album entitled The Gift.
The single was eventually certified gold by the RIAA.
R. Kelly also became a producer and songwriter for other artists, including Aaliyah and Michael Jackson.
The album was certified 11-times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and was the best-selling album of 2007 in the UK.
The Dread Crew of Oddwood is an acoustic pirate band from San Diego, California.
"Right Above It", featuring Young Money Entertainment signee Drake, became a top ten hit.
Moon Safari, AIR's debut studio album, was released in January 1998.
entered Dutch charts, other singles failed to enter musical charts.
That year R. Kelly featured on the smash hit singles with Lady Gaga called "Do What U Want" and on "PYD" with Justin Bieber.
The discography of Swedish singer Nanne Grönvall consists of 11 albums.
The 2004 Crossroads Guitar Festival DVD was certified 10-times Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
The discography for the American singer Etta James consists of 28 studio albums, 3 live albums, and 6 compilations.
The single was set to be released 7 December 2014, before getting pushed back to 15 December 2014.
His most critically well-regarded projects were released on Capitol Records in the late 1950s – e.g.
Their discography comprises six studio albums, two extended plays, one live album, and twelve singles.
In 2016, Flo Rida's 2015 single "My House" peaked at number 4 on the Hot 100 making it his eleventh top 10 single.
The resulting tune, “Light Up Your Dreams”, was later distributed as an EP single in Apple Weekly Magazine and promoted on various internet channels.
Following this, Fukuyama reduced the amount of recording he did and decided to concentrate on his acting career.
A further two singles were released from the album: "What If" and "The Sky's the Limit".
Their 2008 EP Infinite Death, reached position no.
Discography of the American surf rock, pop, and rock and roll singer, songwriter, and occasional actor Chris Isaak.
While the band was inspirational to some performers in the riot grrrl movement in the Pacific Northwest, Babes in Toyland never associated themselves with the movement.
Only nine days after its release, Amuro released "Body Feels Exit", her first single under her new label Avex Trax.
This article presents the discography of American singing duo The Everly Brothers.
DVD and CD recordings from these concerts were released in the fall of 2005 as XXV Gathering: The Band that Preys Together Stays Together.
The album was preceded by the lead single, "Acapella", and spawned three singles that achieved moderate success in the charts; "4th of July", "Scream" and "Brave".
In 2002, Takahiro quit the band in 2002 and Toshiba EMI also dropped the group.
Shelby Lynne is an American country pop singer-songwriter.
After the album was released, the band had announced a line-up change and replaced Lizorkina with new and current member Anastasia Karpova.
Her first album, Way to Your Heart, produced her most successful single to date, "Hanggang Ngayon".
Simply Red released "Fairground" in 1995, which became the band's first UK number one single.
Paul's fifth album, Tomahawk Technique, was released through Atlantic Records on 27 January 2012.
Within the first three days of the album's release, it sold over 302,000 copies.
The discography of Carla Bruni, an Italian/French singer-songwriter, consists of four studio albums, five singles, six promotional singles and five music videos.
In 1983, the band released its eleventh studio album Procession, which showed the band returns to the "world music".
The record charted higher, reaching number 10 on the Billboard 200, and with certifications of Platinum in Australia and Canada and double platinum in the US.
released "Raindrops", a collaboration with Stunt, and it reached number nine in the UK.
After two years, during which their songs appeared on several compilations, the band members released A Weekend in the City in 2007.
The same year, Secret released their first studio album in two years entitled Moving in Secret.
The band's third studio album Be Here Now was released to great anticipation in August 1997.
She debuted in 1995 after signing with Atlantic Records.
American singer and songwriter Kelis has released six studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, 38 singles, and 29 music videos.
The album had four singles: "Los Maté", "Chillin'", "Cuando Baila Reggaeton" and "Llora, Llora".
Her 2006 album, Discotheque, peaked at number 6 on the Australian Recording Industry Association albums chart.
In response to pressures from TVT Records for a follow-up to Nine Inch Nails' commercially successful debut, Reznor began recording the Broken extended play in secret.
The DVD Live at the Key Club followed later that year.
El Regreso de los Reyes is the debut studio album by Mexican-American cumbia group Cruz Martínez y Los Super Reyes.
The discography of Danish singer Jon Nørgaard comprises two studio albums and eight singles.
Cave In was subsequently dropped from the label, but granted the rights to their new material.
in 1983, then with the #96 of "Somebody's Gonna Love You" later that same year.
The discography of Incognito, a British music band.
One single was released from, "untitled #1".
The band commenced two international tours between 2008–09, during which time remastered versions of Isn't Anything and Loveless and a box set were announced.
A further single, "Doctor Jeep", was released from Vision Thing in December 1990 and reached number 37 in the UK.
It peaked at number seven in the UK, ending the group's streak of number-one albums in the country.
Since then, all of his singles have reached top 40 on the country chart, with only nine missing top 10.
In 2016, Shelton released his tenth studio album If I'm Honest.
Part of the post-punk revival movement, The Killers are influenced by music styles of the 1980s and 1990s.
The discography of Brazilian pop singer-songwriter Kelly Key consists of six studio album, two compilations, one live album and twenty-two singles.
They are best known for their 2014 single "Runaway".
U3 released their debut album Star in 1993, with the hope to debut in America.
The discography of Disciple, which consists of eleven studio albums and nine music videos.
She said that the album would be "R&B, most definitely.....with an alternative base for the lyrics".
It consists of an extended play, nine singles, two promotional singles and eighteen music videos.
It was followed by the single "Twist of Fate", which was released in September 2003 and charted at No.52.
Her sales stand at 230 000 copies at Bulgaria only.
Other singles from this album include "Amerika", "Ohne dich" and "Keine Lust".
The American rock band Paramore has released five studio albums, three extended plays, two live albums, eighteen singles, one video album, and nineteen music videos.
He is a drum set specialist in many styles including rock, Latin, jazz, gospel, and contemporary Christian praise and worship music.
Chiodos is an American post-hardcore band, formed in Davison, Michigan in 2001.
Several of their singles have crossed over to the Billboard Hot 100, with their highest-peaking there being the number 4, "Not Ready to Make Nice".
This is the discography of Malaysian singer-songwriter Mizz Nina.
Continuing on the success of Appeal to Reason, it charted within the top ten in several countries, and remains their most successful album chart-wise.
The Trinity is Paul's third album and was released in the United States by Atlantic Records on 27 September 2005.
Norah Jones has sold over 50 million albums worldwide, over 19 million of the albums were sold in the US.
To replace Roth, Eddie picked Sammy Hagar, formerly of Montrose and at that time a successful solo artist.
Three singles were released from the album: "Something More Beautiful", "Magpie" and "Call Me the Breeze".
Little Boots debuted in 2005 as the lead singer of the electronic band Dead Disco.
Of his studio albums, all but George Strait, Twang, Here for a Good Time, Love Is Everything, and Cold Beer Conversation are certified platinum or higher.
In 2012, Howard launched his music in the United States, with Every Kingdom being released on 3 April 2012.
Their fourth and first original Japanese single, "Give Me the Love," featuring vocals of Takanori Nishikawa was released in April 2016.
LMFAO released their second studio album Sorry for Party Rocking in June 2011; "Party Rock Anthem" was released as the album's lead single.
His major label debut album, would chart all over Europe and launch him into the forefront of dance music.
The song was released as a single in mainland Europe, and reached number 1 in Italy.
They are known principally for their hip hop and instrumental music, made with a mixture of live instrumentation and sampling.
Deadly Happy was released in February 2002 and peaked at number 45 on the Sverigetopplistan chart.
The first season anime television series titled Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha directed by Akiyuki Shinbo was broadcast in 2004 spanning thirteen episodes.
Trainor's fourth single, "Like I'm Gonna Lose You", which featured John Legend, was certified triple platinum by the RIAA.
Two further albums, This Is Hardcore and We Love Life, achieved moderate commercial success.
She secured a deal with a record company through which she released her first solo album, Björk, in 1977 when she was twelve years old.
The album reached number four in the US and number fifty-seven in the UK.
Following Hudson's success on Dreamgirls, her self-titled debut album, Jennifer Hudson was released in 2008, to commercial success, debuting at number two on the Billboard 200.
The album topped the UK Music Video Chart.
In 2014, Pixies released EP2 and EP3, and Indie Cindy—a full-length album combining the songs from EP1, EP2 and EP3.
This was followed by their second album Ein neuer Tag which peaked at number one on the German Albums Chart in October 2006.
According to the duo's manager and reported by Billboard, the two studio albums released by the duo have sold 23 million copies worldwide.
The first music video from the EP was for her cover of Van Halen's "Hot for Teacher".
They have also released ten video albums and forty-three music videos.
Murphy debuted in 1995 as lead singer of the electronic music duo Moloko.
Tragedy struck on February 29, 2000 when their longtime guitarist Dennis Danell died from an apparent brain anyuerism.
They have released a total of six studio albums, one compilation album, and nineteen singles.
The fire burst out of control and destroyed 65 houses in the neighborhood, prompting widespread news coverage.
The single cover was released on January 13, with the music video following two days later, on January 15.
After the release of Red Book and a tour to support the album's release, Texas entered a self-imposed hiatus.
It was their second album that saw mainstream success.
Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards produced for a series of artists in the years 1978 to 1982.
Despite initial weak sales, the album went on to achieve multi-platinum status with 11 million units sold worldwide, being certified 4× Platinum in the United States.
This article presents the complete discography of the British art rock band 10cc.
Further singles, "Only" and "Truffle Butter", peaked within the top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Golden Skin" was used in the soundtrack of the British romantic comedy film Shooting Fish which was released the same year as the album.
Nesian Mystik was a New Zealand Hip-Hop/R&B group which formed in 1999.
English synthpop duo Hurts have released three studio albums, one extended play, 16 singles and 19 music videos.
The discography of Acceptance, an American alternative rock band, consists of two studio albums, four extended plays, and five singles.
2006's Saturday Night Wrist, completed after a protracted and tumultuous recording process, reached number ten in the US.
This list is a discography of Los Prisioneros.
However, its year-round population has considerably increased since the 1960s.
Jordan rose to fame when she finished as a semi-finalalist on the first season of America's Got Talent in 2006.
As of 2008, the band consists of vocalist Jens Kidman, guitarists Fredrik Thordendal and Mårten Hagström, bassist Dick Lövgren and drummer Tomas Haake.
The discography of English singer-songwriter Patrick Wolf contains six studio albums, twelve singles and four extended plays.
After signing to new label Volcano Records, Yankovic released his tenth studio album Running with Scissors in June 1999.
Dangerously in Love has sold 11 million copies worldwide.
Fergie's debut album, The Dutchess, was released in September 2006 and debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 chart.
It reached number three and was certified double platinum in the UK.
The discography of the American pop group the Carpenters consists of twelve studio albums, two Christmas albums, two live albums, forty-six singles, and numerous compilation albums.
Following an appearance at the Glastonbury Festival in 2007, The Ting Tings were signed to Columbia Records.
A second single, "If I Could Do It All Again," became the first single of her career to not chart at all.
The Verve recorded their third studio album, Urban Hymns, in early 1997.
Hines was voted "Queen of Pop" by TV Week's readers for three consecutive years from 1976.
The discography of Death, a metal band, consists of seven studio albums and four live albums.
In 2013, they released two more single albums, Moya and Red Motion, in July and October respectively.
In 2008 Sire released the digital EP New Wave B-Sides.
The compilation Hell and Back Together: 1984–1990 was released in 1992.
Flipper's Guitar were a Tokyo-based rock band led by Keigo Oyamada and Kenji Ozawa.
It peaked at number 113 on the US Billboard 200 chart.
Goblin debuted at number 5 on the Billboard 200 and received positive reviews praising its horrorcore style.
After releasing two more albums in the next two years, both of which performed well on North American college radio, the band parted ways with Taang!
It was released in May 1997 on Polydor Records and was produced by Nigel Godrich.
After the singles "Army of Love" and "Zero Gravity" — which peaked at number one and six on the U.S.
He issued two albums under the label: Buck 'Em and Our Old Mansion.
The discography of American girl group Girlicious consists of two studio albums and seven singles.
The song was produced by The Neptunes.
The work sold around 1 million copies.
This was later followed by a second EP entitled A History of Bad Decisions, which was self-released by the band on 19 February 2013.
", and "New Wave" were also released as singles from the album.
The album was preceded by the lead single "Running Back", which features American rapper Flo Rida.
1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and spawned the major country hit, "Stronger Woman".
Sheeran also surpassed Calvin Harris' record of top 10 hits from one album.
Italian musical group Eiffel 65 has released three studio albums, two extended plays and sixteen singles.
The album spawned six singles, including the Billboard Hot 100 top ten hit "Scar Tissue".
The album spawned two successful singles, "Go Get It" and "Ball".
Though they experienced several lineup changes over the years, founding members Jason Navarro and Dan Lukacinsky remained regular fixtures.
Their second album The Young and the Hopeless was released in 2002.
"Two Tribes" and "The Power of Love" both reached number one on the UK Singles Chart, while "Welcome to the Pleasuredome" peaked at number 2.
Although the album was less successful than its predecessors, it was still certified gold.
After a 3-year hiatus, Cash issued Rhythm & Romance in 1985, which reached #1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums list.
The discography of The Rocket Summer, the rock solo project of Stephen Bryce Avary, consists of six studio albums, five EPs, and sixteen singles.
Sung Hi Lee is a South Korean model and actress based in North America.
36 on the Billboard 200 albums chart in the US, and No.
Following the success of their debut album, Matchbox Twenty released their second studio album, Mad Season, in May 2000.
Since 2012, DeLuna has been reportedly working on her third album under the title ViVa Out Loud.
Their second album, Post Mortem, was released on August 23, 2011.
The video helped exceeded the song to become a hit on the Billboard's charts.
The band currently consists of 5 members: Raina, Nana, Lizzy, E-Young and Kaeun.
Maxïmo Park released their debut album, A Certain Trigger in May 2005 on Warp Records.
This article presents the discography of the groups that American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell has played in.
On September 12, 2014 INgrooves announced that Twiztid's new label is called Majik Ninja Entertainment.
The track is taken from her debut album, Telling Tales, which was produced by Peter-John Vettese and released for download on 29 November 2009.
The duo were coaches in the first three seasons of The Voice of Holland.
It is his first album following his departure from Death Row Records.
They were eventually signed to Midnight Oil's label Powderworks and managed by Oils manager, Gary Morris.
The album has since been certified 4x Platinum.
In September 2011 Morrison released his third album The Awakening, which debuted at number one in the UK.
The songs "Answer" and "Popotan" were also sung during their live tour.
The album was certified seven-times platinum by Recording Industry Association of America.
Their first proper recording, Local Band Does OK, was released in 2002, and the companion live album, Local Band Does OKlahoma, in 2003.
Schiller has received two Gold awards and one Platinum award for their albums.
It was released on October 9, 2007, with the audiobook edition released several days earlier.
During the 1980s they also had more Billboard Hot 100 hits than any other hard rock or heavy metal band.
All singles and albums from 1974 are from a completely different line-up to the earlier releases.
In 2009 Chicane released a cover version of "Hoppípolla" by Icelandic band Sigur Rós, titled "Poppiholla", which became his fourth top 10 hit in the UK.
As of January 2016, the album has sold 1 million copies worldwide.
", was released in July 2003 on Tarantulas Records.
American Country music recording artist Scotty McCreery's discography consists of two studio albums, two compilation albums, one extended play, four singles, and four music videos.
Their second studio album, What's THIS For...!, was released in 1981 and reached number 42 in the UK.
Talent manager, Darryl Sambell, saw Strings Unlimited perform on 29 April 1967 and encouraged Farnham to go solo.
It album reached number seven in the UK.
It peaked at number 25 on the US Billboard 200.
An accompanying music video for the single, shot in black-and-white, was directed by Rich Murray and released in June 1995.
The album peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 and topped the charts in countries such as Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the UK.
In 2010, Janelle Monáe released her debut studio album, The ArchAndroid, a concept album sequel to her first EP; it was released by Bad Boy Records.
It features the number-one single "Black Beatles", which peaked in the top ten of many charts worldwide.
Grace Jones' discography consists of 10 studio albums, eight compilation albums and 53 singles.
The band split and reformed a number of times but still developed a strong following in Brazil.
The song topped the Australian charts, and reached the top five in New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the band's native United States.
Two more albums, Home and Taking the Long Way, followed in 2002 and 2006, respectively, on Columbia Records.
Isis was formed in Boston, Massachusetts, in late 1997 by Aaron Turner, Jeff Caxide, Chris Mereschuk and Aaron Harris.
They have released seven studio albums, eight compilation albums, and 26 singles.
On 22 June 2008, Dizzee Rascal released "Dance wiv Me", a collaboration with singer Chrome and songwriter/producer Calvin Harris.
On November 18, 2016, Lambert released her sixth studio album titled The Weight of These Wings.
They were intended on being the lead singles for an upcoming third studio album, however, the album has been pushed back several times.
It became his fifth number-one album in Germany, and reached the three in Austria and Switzerland.
This happened in may - 1997, when bassist Magnus Rosén joined the band.
Mizuki released one album a year for the next three years, starting with Magic Attraction, followed by Dream Skipper, and Alive & Kicking.
The extended play Gospel Oak and live album Live at the Sugar Club were issued as well.
The discography of Wire, an English rock band, consists of fifteen studio albums, seventeen live albums, seven compilation albums, thirteen EPs, and eighteen singles.
The discography of Crystal Fighters, an English electronic band, consists of two studio albums, nine singles and ten music videos.
The album had three consecutive number two hits, with two additional Top 30 singles.
After the success of his debut single, "Let Me Take You Dancing", Adams signed a recording contract with A&M Records.
The album later produced three more singles: the more successful "Yalan", and Herşeye Rağmen" and "Üç Kalp".
Australian releases still used Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls.
The album's lead single, "I Will Dance", was a minor hit in Germany, peaking at number 32.
Wainwright's self-titled debut album was released through Zoë Records and Drowned in Sound in April 2005.
The discography for the Japanese boy band W-inds consists of 27 singles and 9 studio albums since their major label debut in 2001.
2006 saw the release of Ballad of the Broken Seas, a critically acclaimed collaboration with Mark Lanegan which was later nominated for the Mercury Music Prize.
"No Better" and "Glory and Gore" were released as the fourth and fifth singles from Pure Heroine, respectively.
In the decade they spent together, Sonny and Cher sold over 40 million records worldwide.
Brand New is an American rock band.
The band's discography consists of twelve studio albums, two live albums, two compilation albums, and 56 singles.
From 2009 through 2011, Wizkid worked on materials for his debut album Superstar, the most highly anticipated Nigerian album of 2011.
The band is now one of the most important alternative rock acts in Hungary.
The song appeared on Gnarls Barkley's debut studio album, St.
Milian's third studio album, So Amazin', produced only one single, "Say I".
It also reached the top forty in Canada, France, Ireland, and Switzerland and the top ten in Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.
The band's debut EP and first three albums were later released as a limited edition vinyl box set in November 2014.
The album spawned two more singles: "Baby I" and "Right There", the former reached the peak of number six in Japan.
The discography of Japanese reggae band Shōnan no Kaze consists of four studio albums, two compilation albums, two live DVDs, and 11 singles.
He set a Billboard record, which he still holds, for spending 220 consecutive weeks on the charts with one or more songs each week.
The release was limited to 500 copies and on 7-inch vinyl only.
It is also the most downloaded song in the United Kingdom, with over 1.65 million copies sold.
Feeder's music has been inspired by a wide variety of artists and styles, including The Police, Nirvana and Smashing Pumpkins.
Damien Leo Leith is an Irish-Australian singer–songwriter.
The Shingo Japanese Remix Album was released in 2005, made up of remixes of Vandals songs by Japanese DJ Shingo Asari.
It has also gained recognition for its significant amount of usage in sporting events and popularity within internet meme culture.
Kravitz has earned three gold albums, two platinum albums, two double platinum albums, and one triple platinum album.
Upon release, the album debuted atop the American record charts.
Permanent bassist Steve George also joined the group, and after two years of touring and recording, they released their third album, Ejector Seat Reservation, in 1995.
The first singles from the album have broken into radio charts and MTV played the video for "Falling For You".
When Smith left the band, she was replaced by vocalist Hope Sandoval.
The other singles from the album were "Judas", "The Edge of Glory", "You and I", and "Marry the Night".
John Norum, is an exceptional Swedish rock guitarist and one of the founders of the Swedish rock band, Europe.
She has also recorded several live albums in solo, small combo and big band settings, including three big band concert videos.
Their first release was the live album Folk the World Tour, which the duo self-released in 2002.
; the song was a worldwide success, reaching number one in 17 countries including in Australia.
Her first entry on the US Billboard Hot 100 was "Holiday", which peaked at number 16.
Nightmare is a Japanese visual kei rock band formed in January 2000.
His first single, a cover of English singer George Michael's "Freedom", reached number two on the UK Singles Chart in 1996.
All singles from the album peaked within the top twenty in the United Kingdom and Australia.
The album peaked at number one on the US Billboard 200, eventually being certified four-times platinum in the United States.
Follow-up rock singles between 1957 and 1959 failed gaining enough attention to become hits including, "Hot Dog!
On 5 February 2014, 5 Seconds of Summer listed their worldwide debut single "She Looks So Perfect" for pre-order on the iTunes Store.
In 1988, the band signed with legendary punk record label SST Records and released its debut full-length album, Ultramega OK.
Mayer has sold 16 million albums in the United States to date.
In 2012, MSN.com named Polygon one of their "Top 5 Up-And-Comers You Should Know."
Carnets de scène peaked at number eight in France and was certified 2× Gold.
It is the most recognizable and successful line-up, which lasted until Criss' departure in 1980.
In November 1999, Five released their second album, Invincible, which reached number four in the UK and was certified two times platinum by the BPI.
South Korean singer-songwriter Roy Kim has released three studio albums, 10 singles, and 19 music videos.
This is a discography for Joe Dassin.
She was then asked to sing on the song "Little Baby Nothing" from Manic Street Preachers' debut album Generation Terrorists.
It's On 187um Killa, Eazy's second EP, was released on November 5, 1993.
Laswell's music is influenced by a plethora of musical genres, such as funk, world music, jazz, drum and bass, dub and ambient music.
French singer Patricia Kaas has released ten studio albums, seven live albums, three compilation albums, and fifty-three singles.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
"Bring Me to Life" and "My Immortal" peaked in the top ten in several countries, and respectively were certified Platinum and Gold by the RIAA.
It debuted in the top ten of the country albums chart and featured six new songs.
Triumph was nominated for multiple Juno Awards, including Group of the Year Award in 1979, 1985, 1986 and 1987.
They have also played at the Glasgowbury Festival and Belsonic.
This is the discography of the American death metal band Deicide.
In 2013, she and Ted Leo began performing as a duo called The Both.
Electroshock was delayed by almost a year, hampered mainly by production issues between the artist and her record company.
Neon Trees released their debut studio album Habits in March 2010.
In 1982 Led Zeppelin released the album Coda, a compilation of outtakes from the band's previous recordings, but still considered to be a studio album.
This is the discography of Canadian rock band Billy Talent.
In September 2016, "Joint" was released as a part of the Honey 3: Dare to Dance soundtrack after Ventura was cast in the film's leading role.
It became the highest-charting album of their career, reaching #11 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Rock, Independent, and Alternative Albums charts.
The discography of American guitarist and singer-songwriter Kina Grannis consists of six studio albums, one live album, and seven singles.
Kid Ink released his first independent album, Up & Away on June 12, 2012 to moderate success.
Papa Roach is an American rock band from Vacaville, California.
Stamatatos left the band and was replaced by Aaron Rubin, and when Rough Trade went out of business the band moved to Lookout!
The discography of English boy band Five consists of three studio albums, one compilation album, thirteen singles, fourteen music videos and three video albums.
Simon & Garfunkel's debut album, Wednesday Morning, 3 A.M., was released on October 19, 1964.
Following the success of Of June and Maybe I'm Dreaming, Young signed to Universal Republic Records in late 2008.
on the first Stiff Records tour of the UK, Chaz Jankel, Norman Watt-Roy, Charlie Charles, John Turnbull and Mick Gallagher became known as 'The Blockheads'.
Their debut album was released in 2005, titled United Paper People.
This version reached number 39 on the UK Singles Chart and entered the Top 10 on the German Singles Chart.
Do As Infinity released their 21st single "∞1" in June 2009 which peaked at No.
This is the discography of Andreas Johnson, a Swedish pop rock singer-songwriter, consists of five studio albums, a compilation album, nineteen singles, and eight music videos.
That year she also recorded a Southwestern-inspired release with Harris, Western Wall: The Tucson Sessions.
In 2008, Kid Rock had his biggest hit to date with "All Summer Long".
In 1991, she made her solo debut with the number-one single "She Is His Only Need".
This reissue series includes eight albums and the Garden of the Arcane Delights EP.
5, an instrumental album marketed by Hydra Entertainment instead of The Beatnuts' label Relativity.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Jefferson Starship, an American rock band which formed in San Francisco in 1974.
English singer Gary Barlow has released four studio albums, fourteen singles, seventeen music videos, and four featured songs.
The latter song was given a wider release in April 2007 and peaked at No.45 in the UK.
Three of their singles have topped this chart: "Step That Step", "Some Girls Do" and "Thank God for You", from 1985, 1992 and 1993 respectively.
Les Rita Mitsouko was a French pop rock group formed by the guitarist Fred Chichin and the singer Catherine Ringer.
It is also his first and only album so far to have a Parental Advisory sticker.
Releases are in the pop and rock genres, with bands primarily from the United States and UK.
The band formed in the autumn of 1967 by Neal Doughty.
His debut studio album, Sur la terre, was released in June 2002.
Later seasons follow Frankel dealing with motherhood, the trials and tribulations of marriage and managing her businesses.
They intended to release the entire album online through the band's official website, to show support for downloading music on the Internet.
Their next studio album, World Gone Mad, was released on September 30, 2016.
After a year of hiatus, TVXQ returned as a duo act with members Yunho and Changmin in January 2011.
A video album, The Dehumanizing Process, arrived later that year, documenting the writing and recording process behind The Impossibility of Reason.
She was discovered by American rapper Lil Wayne and signed to Young Money Entertainment—a subdivision of Cash Money Records with distribution through Republic Records—in 2009.
In July 2012, he released his second mini album entitled Escape with its single "Sorry, I'm Sorry".
Jyrki Tuovisen, a fellow singer and sound engineer, said the album will be released on 20 February 2015.
As of 2010, the Backstreet Boys have sold over 130 million records worldwide.
This is the discography of Reef the Lost Cauze, an American rapper from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
It sold very well and reached number 2 in the UK album chart going Platinum.
2009 saw the release of the concept album French Connection.
The project is most notable for being the first European dance music group to achieve mainstream success with blending female singing choruses with traditional male raps.
Titled Together Alone, it topped the Dutch Albums Chart and also achieved commercial success across Europe.
3 Vulgar Videos from Hell combines the band's previous home videos into a DVD.
After returning to touring in 2011 with former guitarist Donnie Steele on bass, Slipknot also parted ways with Joey Jordison in 2013 in controversial circumstances.
It remains Grant's most commercially successful album to date, having been certified five-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
She debuted on the Macedonian music scene with her first album Den i Nok in 2003.
Farruko released his first song "Sexo Fuera Del Planeta" in 2009 through the Internet and gained fame in Puerto Rico.
From 1995 to 1996 Tiësto released four extended plays on Bonzai Jumps and XTC, sub-labels of Lightning Records.
The discography of English recording artist Jake Bugg consists of twenty singles, three studio albums and three EPs.
Velkommen til Medina, Medina's second Danish studio album, was released in August 2009.
Seeger's musical career started in 1940 when he joined The Almanac Singers.
"Red Stars" was released as the album's lead single on August 21, 2007.
Fat Joe is an American rapper known for his solo work and membership in the rap groups D.I.T.C.
At the present time, they were primarily producing songs in the whole BEMANI series.
left Interscope the following year and subsequently signed to the re-launched Okayplayer Records in 2012.
Eufonius released their independent albums Noesis in 2015 and Sorafuruhate in 2016.
In July 2012, she released a free EP entitled Glory, and in October of that year, Azalea released her second mixtape, TrapGold.
The band also released a number of live albums, six compilation albums and video albums.
As with most blues artists in the 1950s and early 1960s, James' recordings were originally issued on two-song record singles.
They have also issued two greatest hits packages, of which the first was certified platinum.
John Paul Young, OAM, is a Scottish-born Australian pop singer who had a 1978 worldwide hit with "Love Is in the Air".
Suicidal Tendencies released their fifth album Lights...Camera...Revolution!
His final studio album released during his lifetime, Low Country Blues, represented his biggest chart positions, including at number five in the US.
The discography of Swervedriver, an English alternative rock band, consists of four studio albums, one compilation album, one video album, seven extended plays, and eighteen singles.
One greatest hits compilation, My Choice, was released by SM Entertainment in 2002 in South Korea.
They have released nine albums which reached the Top 10 of the UK Albums Chart.
Two other singles from the album, "True Blue" and "La Isla Bonita", were top-five hits.
It was awarded gold by the RIAA on November 1, 1998.
In April 2003, Braxton left LaFace/Arista and signed a record deal with Blackground Records.
This is the discography for Herbert Grönemeyer, a German musician.
Jackson's first Capitol single exemplified this format and became a national top-twenty country hit.
In 2017, Dev announced her second studio album I Only See You When I'm Dreamin' due out September 8.
During this period, she changed her stage name to the mononym Beni, and signed with Universal Music Japan sublabel Nayutawave Records.
Money's self-titled debut album was released in 1977.
Four singles were released from the album: "Lose My Breath", "Soldier", "Girl", and "Cater 2 U".
He has also appeared as a guest musician on the albums of a number of other artists.
The single became the group's first number-one single when it topped the UK Singles Chart.
In 2011, the series had been renamed to its current title upon renewal.
The band has sold an estimated 22 million albums worldwide.
Three singles were released from the album: "Cinderella", "Girl Power" and "Cheetah Sisters".
In the same year, she left Columbia and started her own independent record label Little Lady Entertainment.
"Young, Wild & Free", the soundtrack's lead single which features Bruno Mars, and produced by The Smeezingtons, was released on October 11, 2011.
Little Big Town was quickly re-signed by Capitol Nashville, who re-released A Place to Land and promoted two more singles from it.
They released five full-length albums, five extended plays, five live albums, two singles and have collaborated with other artists on numerous other projects.
Of his 37 singles, 16 charted on the U.S.
In 1976, Colter released two more studio albums: Jessi and Diamond in the Rough.
In 2007, he released a tribute album to Spanish singer Julio Iglesias.
Art Blakey was an American Grammy Award-winning jazz drummer and bandleader.
This is a list of music released by Minnesota musician Mark Mallman.
Shinhwa went on to release a total of eight albums and EPs under Good EMG, plus thirteen promotional singles.
This is the discography of rap group Slaughterhouse composed of rappers Royce da 5'9", Joe Budden, Joell Ortiz, and Crooked I.
Nevertheless, as Twain's third diamond album, it made her the only artist to have three consecutive diamond RIAA certified albums.
The single also reached the top ten on the charts of Australia, Germany and the United Kingdom.
It was his first album not to be released in the Gangsta Grillz series.
In March 2006, Love sold a significant share of the rights to Nirvana's publishing catalog to Larry Mestel of Primary Wave Music Publishing.
He released his debut album I Told You, in 2016.
She has sold over 10 million records worldwide to date.
His discography comprises six studio albums, five compilation albums, one live album, and twenty-four singles.
The album's other singles, however, failed to match the success of the lead-off single.
The discography of American singer Whitney Houston consists of seven studio albums, six compilations, two soundtrack albums, five box sets, six extended plays, and fifty-seven singles.
In 2008, DeLuna began work on her second studio album.
The same year, Nuo joined Zeichen der Zeit, a Christian music project whose first single "Du bist nicht allein" became a top ten success in Germany.
The title track of the latter album is also his longest-lasting Number One, at three weeks.
They created and moved to Track Records the following year with distribution by Polydor.
In September 2013 she released her debut single "Youth" as the lead single from her debut studio album.
This album was widely viewed as a welcomed return to the sound and musical style heard on their early records.
Lead single "Shake It Out" became the band's fifth top-40 hit in the UK, peaking at number 12 upon release in September 2011.
Daft Punk released their second studio album Discovery in February 2001.
Their first major release was This Business of Art, released in 2000 on Vapor Records.
The band's fourth studio album is titled Collider.
Also, it reached the top ten in many worldwide markets, selling 10 million copies globally.
It was named after President James Monroe.
Turunen started her solo career in 2006 when she released a Christmas album called Henkäys ikuisuudesta and toured Finland and Russia.
As feature artist she has three songs.
A music video was created for "Death".
The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
The singles discography of Dottie West, an American country artist, consists of seventy one singles, one charting B-side, and one other charted song.
2 position in both the United States and Canada.
Since the group's breakup a number of compilation albums have been released, including 1996's Greatest Hits which reached the top 50 of the Billboard 200.
On December 17, 2013 Lohan visited a New York City recording studio and experimented with various tracks.
Jonghyun released a collaboration single with Herritage titled "Your Voice" on March 18, 2016, for the project Station.
Their second single of 2008, "Better", peaked at number 22 in the UK.
Following the group's dissolution, Gotye turned his interest to creating sample-based electronic music; he sent out demo tapes of his music to several Australian radio stations.
In 2007, Nordeman released her first greatest hits album, Recollection: The Best of Nichole Nordeman before taking hiatus in her music career.
"I Promise" and "I Could Be the One" were later released as the following singles, and both failed to chart in the US.
They released their first single "Boogie 2nite", a cover of the Tweet single in November 2006 which entered the UK charts at number two.
It produced the single "Big City Dreams."
Eric Burdon was a lead vocalist with The Animals, War, and other bands.
With their new line-up, My Bloody Valentine released a second mini album, Ecstasy, and the standalone single "Strawberry Wine" in November 1987 on Lazy Records.
Klaxons' debut EP Xan Valleys, a compilation of both previous singles alongside various remixes, was released on 17 October 2006.
Black is mostly known for their music style, composition and lyrics.
The duo have performed in Sweden, the US, Germany, Italy, and London and have also been interviewed by Swedish and foreign press.
American pop punk band All Time Low has released seven studio albums, six EPs, two live albums, sixteen singles and twenty-six music videos.
In on the Kill Taker was their first album to chart on the Billboard 200, reaching no.
The discography of Giorgio Moroder includes thirteen studio albums and ten soundtracks, as well as numerous production credits.
It's a spin-off to The Real Housewives of New York.
The album was received positively, placing first on the Billboard World Albums chart and entering the Billboard 200 chart at 161 for the week.
The discography of an indie rock band from London, England.
To date, the band has sold over 45 million records worldwide and has sold more than 15 million records in the United States alone.
The following is a comprehensive discography of The Specials, an English ska revival band.
The first episode premiered on January 8, 1996.
This is the discography of Tom Petty, an American singer, songwriter and guitarist.
Kim Wilde is an English pop music singer-songwriter.
In 1999, they released Bloodthirst, followed by the group's first live album, Live Cannibalism.
In 2001, the band was joined by vocalist Mark Lanegan, and released their third album, Songs for the Deaf in 2002.
Due to overwhelming response to her rendition, the performance was released as a video single, which was certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA in April 1991.
Dr. Dre left N.W.A the same year, at which point the group had essentially disbanded.
The album spawned five singles—"Stay Away", "Nuclear Seasons", "You're the One", "You" and "What I Like".
was the album's best-selling single, receiving a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of Japan after only one week of release.
The Beatnuts' debut release was Intoxicated Demons, a 1993 EP released by Relativity Records.
This is the discography of OPM music band Cueshé.
Bolton has sold over 75 million albums and singles worldwide.
Slipknot's labels Warner Music Group and Roadrunner Records asked for a soundscan recount, a historic first.
Save Me, San Francisco, the band's fifth studio album, was released in October 2009.
Swain released her second album Hard Machine in February 1988.
U2's follow up albums Zooropa and Pop continued the band's experimentation with alternative rock and electronic dance music, reaching number one worldwide but with reduced sales.
The third single, "Closer to the Edge", topped the UK Rock Chart for eight consecutive weeks.
The discography of American indie rock band Vampire Weekend consists of three studio albums, two extended plays, fifteen singles and ten music videos.
It also became only the fourth song ever to top the Mainstream Rock, Alternative Songs and Adult Alternative charts at the same time.
They specialise in revivals of hit songs from the 1950s and early 1960s as well as original material and dress as Teddy Boys.
The group formed in 1994 and disbanded in 2001; they re-united in 2009.
Mitchell returned to Australia to live in Melbourne.
Ivy Queen's fourth album followed quickly and was also released in 2004.
Albertine was certified four-times platinum in New Zealand, and gold in Australia, and sold over 60,000 copies in North America.
released their first official single "Ugly Heart", which served as the first single from their EP G.R.L., released on July 29, 2014.
The orchestra released 17 albums conducted by DePreist.
This article presents the discography of American country music singer, Jeanne Pruett.
However, the group mostly found fame as pioneers of electronic music, showcasing their styles on a series of concept albums.
Aerosmith was formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1970 by vocalist Steven Tyler, guitarists Joe Perry and Ray Tabano, bassist Tom Hamilton, and drummer Joey Kramer.
The Wombles pop group was the idea of British singer and composer Mike Batt.
The trio's self-titled debut album was released in 2008 via Capitol Records Nashville.
In 2016 Royalty was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
DeMarco was joined by Alex Calder and Jen Clement, and Makeout Videotape was signed to Unfamiliar Records.
Of his singles, "No Doubt About It" and "Wink" both reached number one on the Billboard country charts, and seven more reached top ten.
First single St. Petersburg reached number 22 in the UK singles chart and featured a distinctive video directed by Borkur Sigthorsson.
In 1999, the group released their tenth and final studio album, The Spirit of Music, which peaked at #1 on the Top Reggae Albums chart.
The latter peaked at number one posthumously following the shooting death of Selena on March 31, 1995.
The visual novel's soundtrack, which was also used for both anime series, was produced by Key Sounds Label and released in 2004.
Lambert's second studio album, Trespassing, was released on May 15, 2012 and topped the Billboard 200 chart.
"She's So High" is a pop rock song written and performed by Canadian singer-songwriter Tal Bachman.
Amber Smith are a Hungarian indie rock band based in Budapest, Hungary formed in 2000 by Imre Poniklo.
Many of her songs have been released bilingually in both territories, such as "Valenti", "Double", "Everlasting" and "Only One".
The discography of American heavy metal band Trivium, consists of seven studio albums, one extended plays, fourteen singles, two promotional singles and eighteen music videos.
She became well-known through her Myspace account, on which she started posting demo songs in 2005.
His third studio album titled, Wall of Soundz was released in April 2010 and produced his fourth No.
Their sound became more R&B and pop rock.
The following month they won the program by claiming the coveted Christmas Number One, ahead of the male group One True Voice.
The band reformed sans Dino and signed to the independent record label Liquid 8 for Archetype, released in 2004.
They have also participated in the OSTs of various Korean dramas.
2 in the German charts and sold over half a million copies.
Like "Arashi", it also peaked at number one on the Oricon charts.
American singer Jennifer Lopez has released eight studio albums, two compilation albums, one extended play, three box sets, and 63 singles.
The album produced three singles, one of which charted at number ten in the UK, and one peak at number one in different European charts.
Earle's work reflects a wide range of styles, including bluegrass, roots rock, folk, blues and country.
Gomez is also featured on the Lil Jon single "Take It Off", alongside Yandel on guest vocals.
Third single "Rabbit Heart" reached number 12 in the UK and number 41 in Ireland.
Heap's first album, iMegaphone, was released in 1998.
Their third album, Uncaged, was released on July 10, 2012.
Their album Black Ice, released in 2008, sold over 8 million copies worldwide.
The album sold over 1 million copies in its first week in the US, and almost 2 million copies worldwide in its first week.
This page contains information related to his recordings and his work as a producer and engineer.
German folk duo with reggae and electronic music influences Milky Chance have released two studio albums, four singles and one extended play.
This is a discography of the English progressive rock band Yes.
This new line-up reached number seven in the UK with their first single, "This Corrosion", which was released in September 1987.
The album was released in 1982 for Sugarhill Records and was once again produced by Sylvia Robinson and James Cullimore.
8 in the Billboard 200, the highest position he would attain in his career.
American singer Jenni Rivera has released eleven studio albums, eight live albums, three compilation albums, 33 singles.
In 2009, Xuxa broke her contract with Som Livre label and signed with Sony Music.
The album produced the hits "Te Conozco" and "Señora De Las Cuatro Decadas".
The Church are an Australian psychedelic rock band formed in Sydney in 1980.
Follow-up singles "Shakermaker" and "Live Forever" became UK top 15 hits, with the latter also attaining success in the United States.
The following year, Duff released 4ever Hilary Duff, an Italy-exclusive compilation.
It peaked at number six on the UK Albums Chart and was certified double platinum by the British Phonographic Industry.
The videography of American R&B singer R. Kelly, consists of 90 music videos, 7 cameo appearances, 1 commercial.
After Shorter departed for Miles Davis' Second Great Quintet, the band signed with Quincy Jones' Mercury sub-label Limelight Records for three more releases starting in 1965.
Random Hero is known for their energy charged live shows and widely appealing music.
The discography of Hurricane Chris, an American rapper, consists of two studio albums, one independent album, nine mixtapes, six music videos, and ten singles.
In 2016, Anitta began expanding her success to Latin America.
In October 2011 he released his fourth studio album A Million Suns which reached number eight.
The American rapper Lil' Kim has released four studio albums, one compilation album, four mixtapes, and thirty-six singles.
"Please Don't Go" was released as the second single from the album on June 9, 2010, peaking at number 16 in the US.
The majority of the singer's recordings were released on Capitol Records and later on Frank Sinatra's Reprise Records.
His first solo album, Sylvester, was a moderate success.
It was followed up with another release "In Your Arms" which also charted in Norway, Denmark and Sweden.
The group released a second single from the album, "Maniac", which peaked at number seventy-four.
The discography for American jazz singer Michael Feinstein.
The discography of South Korean singer Park Hyo-shin consists of seven studio albums, one live album, three compilation albums, one cover album, and twenty singles.
The band's debut single was the limited edition double A-side single, "I'm Gonna Get Stabbed"/"Ina Lvs Rab", which was released in May 2004.
Her albums with Los Dinos on indie labels failed to achieve any chart success.
Superstar was supported by the singles "Love My Baby", "Pakurumo", "Tease Me/Bad Guys", "Don't Dull" and "Holla at Your Boy".
Despite their growing popularity at the time, no further single managed to make the Top 40, or even chart on the Hot 100.
He has worked in music publishing and as a producer and composer.
He got formal training in Rabindrasangeet from Dakshinee.
In October 2012 she released her first Christmas album, Christmas in the Sand.
Blue Sky Black Death is a production duo based in Seattle, Washington.
They subsequently began work on their third studio album, Studio 1.
Duffy also contributed three songs in total to the film soundtracks of The Boat That Rocked and Welsh film Patagonia, the latter in which she starred.
A single, "Scream", was released in January 2014.
Two more singles followed, "Will You Remember Me Tomorrow?"
It peaked at number 32 on the Billboard 200, number 10 on R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and was certified gold by the RIAA.
After releasing several mixtapes for free online, Jones chose to release his eighth mixtape, titled Harlem's American Gangster, for retail.
The discography of Swedish recording artist Amy Deasismont, consists of five studio albums, one compilation album, eighteen official singles and counting.
The song peaked to number one on the UK Singles Chart.
In mid-2008, she was a part of Stand Up to Cancer's charity campaign and appeared on the single "Just Stand Up!"
47 on the Independent Albums chart, and the band slipped into a period of inactivity during which Rankin started Only Crime.
It also topped the Billboard's Latin Airplay chart and reached number nine in Spain.
Their cover of the Barry Manilow disco hit "Could It Be Magic" was their biggest hit to date, peaking at number three in the UK.
On April 28, 1995, the album was certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
The discography of The Lumineers, an American folk rock band, consists of two studio albums, two extended plays, eleven singles and eight music videos.
Miller died from lung cancer in 1992 and was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame three years later.
The lead singles were "(You Want to) Make a Memory" and "We Weren't Born to Follow", respectively.
The album's subsequent singles "Depend on Me" and "The Best Days" reached numbers 16 and 21, respectively.
King 810 is an American alternative metal band from Flint, Michigan formed in 2007.
The album's fourth single, "Sorry for Party Rocking", peaked at number 49 on the Billboard Hot 100.
To date, Aguilera has sold over 50 million albums.
Following the success of their debut album, Weezer took a break from touring for the Christmas holidays.
On February 24, 2009, they released their second studio album, Masterpiece Theatre.
Malice n Wonderland debuted at number 23 on the US Billboard 200, selling 61,000 copies in its opening week.
The band released their self-titled debut album Aunty Disco Project in December 2007, independently, produced and written by the band themselves.
Their discography consists of seven studio albums, ten official live albums, two extended play, and four video albums.
She has released albums on independent labels since 2000, including albums on her own label, Dolly Records.
"My Heart Would Take You Back" will be released as the lead single from the album on 12 April 2015.
She was also featured on Tocadisco's single "Better Run", which peaked at number 15 in Belgium.
The discography of South Korean girl group Spica consists of two extended plays, six digital singles, three promotional singles and nine music videos.
A relentless performer, he continued to record as a sideman on dozens of albums, throughout his career—frequently for Messengers alumni.
It also became the second best-selling album by a female artist in the United Kingdom and her second certified diamond album in the United States.
This is the discography of British rock band Athlete.
His reputation went very quickly to high levels, arriving to collaborate with several music icons, like Joe Cocker, Elton John, Eros Ramazzotti and Richard Marx.
Other singles released were "I'd Wait for Life" and hit single "Rule the World", a UK number two over the Christmas period of 2007.
9 and on the Australian Albums Chart at No.
Washington announced in November 2013 that her second studio album would be titled There There; the album was released on 12 September 2014.
Twenty-six Miracles songs reached the Top Ten of the Billboard R&B singles chart, including four R&B number ones.
The album's full title currently holds the record for the third longest album title.
By then the line-up was the McComb brothers and MacDonald with Jill Birt and Martyn P. Casey.
The album has sold approximately 1,500,000 units to date in France.
Focusing more on a solo career, Montgomery's 1973 single "Wrap Your Love Around Me" reached the top forty.
In the United States, her albums have collectively sold over 1.5 million copies as of 2007, according to Nielsen Soundscan.
The album spawned four singles, three of which charted in the top 100 of the UK Singles Chart.
However, a new single, "Watch Us Work It," was released as a digital download in 2007 and as part of a 12" EP in 2008.
disbanded in 2009, Smith became a solo artist.
It contained two singles setting a minimum for the next two Beatnuts albums, 1994's The Beatnuts: Street Level and 1997's Stone Crazy.
The discography of Puddle of Mudd, an American alternative rock band from Kansas City, Missouri, formed in 1992 by Wes Scantlin.
Taiwanese singer Jolin Tsai has released thirteen studio albums, seven greatest hits albums, six live albums, four remix albums, and one cover album.
It reached number seventeen in the UK and number thirty-five in New Zealand.
In 2005, Cyrystal Kay sung the eponymous theme song for the Tsuyoshi Kusanagi drama Koi ni Ochitara: Boku no Seikō no Himitsu.
On December 9, 2014, he released his third studio album 2014 Forest Hills Drive.
PAX AM Days, a punk and hardcore-influenced EP, followed later in the year on October 15.
This is a comprehensive discography of Dirty Pretty Things, an English band fronted by Carl Barât, a member of The Libertines.
By 2008 Mitchell had relocated to the UK where she recorded her debut studio album, Wonder, which peaked at No.
Welsh singer and songwriter Duffy has released two studio albums, six extended plays and one extended play, six singles and seven music videos.
Favourite Worst Nightmare was released on 18 April and reached number 1 in the UK and reached number 7 on the Billboard 200 in the US.
The song also appeared on the soundtrack to the film Mortal Kombat, which was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Cash returned to recording 2003 with her tenth studio release, Rules of Travel, which was produced by her husband, John Leventhal on Capitol.
After releasing 1980's Love Is Fair, Mandrell recorded her first live album, Barbara Mandrell Live.
Bachelor Girl were an Australian pop duo, formed in 1992 by Tania Doko as vocalist and James Roche as musician, producer and arranger.
Beckham spent much of that year recording two pop/urban-influenced albums called Open Your Eyes and Come Together.
"Try Again" earned Aaliyah a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female R&B Vocalist.
They had released nine full-length albums, seven extended plays, and twenty-eight singles.
Hudson went on to perform as "Effie White" in the 2006 film adaptation of the original production of Broadway musical, Dreamgirls.
On Wagoner's television series, Parton gained a national audience of millions of viewers, and her own singles began to move up the country chart.
The music on the soundtracks was composed and arranged by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, Maiko Iuchi, Sōshi Hosoi, and Ryō Mizutsuki.
The discography of English boy band Union J consists of two studio albums, five singles and six music videos.
Machine Head is an American heavy metal band formed in 1991 by vocalist/guitarist Robert Flynn and bassist Adam Duce.
However, due to a serious helipcopter accident in Vietnam, Lane suffered emotionally and physically for a number of years.
Its lead single, "Blue" reached the number one position on all major domestic charts.
It was the 31st best selling single of 2008.
The discography of Tinie Tempah, a British rapper, contains three studio albums, two extended plays, twenty-three singles and thirty-two music videos.
L.A. Woman was certified gold and platinum in several different countries.
This is evident with her 2003 album Style.
On 27 November 2015 they released Wake Up, their second album.
His album in 2013 titled Burning Lights debuted at No.
Two singles, "Teenage Dream" and "Loser Like Me", charted in the top ten in the US and Canada, and both were certified gold in the US.
In 2000, they released the compilation album Greatest Hits 1990–1999: A Tribute to a Work in Progress... and the live album Live at the Greek.
The albums also featured Kevin McKendree on piano on the song “Stars of Us”.
American rock duo Best Coast has released three studio albums, two live albums, six extended plays, 19 singles, and 14 music videos.
This is a listing of releases by Schiller, a German music project.
In 2007, "No One", the lead single from Keys's third studio album, As I Am, was released.
He has also scored five top ten and nineteen top twenty singles.
This is the discography of the band Ambrosia.
After coming together at Billy's nightclub in 1978, the Blitz Kids had found themselves bored with the whole punk genre.
In 2007, Kisschasy released their second studio album, titled Hymns for the Nonbeliever.
Records, where they would remain for the rest of their career.
They are under Sharam Q vocalist Tsunku, who serves as their lyricist, composer, and producer.
South Korean singer, rapper and record producer G-Dragon began his career as the leader of the Korean hip hop group Big Bang.
The single peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his third top 15 there, and also receiving a platinum certification.
On 24 August 2009, the band had released their fifth single Sladko.
followed in August 2007 and spawned three singles.
Kaas' first hit, "Mademoiselle chante le blues" was released in November 1987.
The track "Be Thankful for What You Got" first peaked at #31 in the UK Singles Chart and later at #44.
Morricone's music for The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Le Professionnel each sold over 3 million copies worldwide.
As of February 2017, Tyga has sold 600,000 albums and 12.2 million digital singles as a solo artist.
The discography of Bratz, consisting of five studio albums, one compilation album and eight singles.
Outside of his solo work, Bonamassa has also collaborated with a wide range of artists.
The event series was entitled 'Our Worldly Collections'.
Nevertheless, its ballad repertoire with jazz, folk and ska-inspired music brought Tobias favorable feedback from music critics.
The album's lead single, "Reach for the Sky", became another one of Social Distortion's biggest hits in the fall of 2004.
In 2009, he released his debut EP, Heat Wave, under the name Makeout Videotape.
91 in 1984, while the 1985 reissued version of "Ignore the Machine" reached No.
In its second week the album fell to number 7 on the Billboard 200 chart, selling 57,000 copies, for a two-week total of 194,000 units.
Throughout his career he worked for Jim Crockett Promotions, the World Wrestling Federation, World Championship Wrestling, and several regional promotions in the 1980s and 1990s.
"Young Bloods" was released as a single, with music videos also filmed for "Knifeman", "Past Lives", and "Inveigh".
To date, the band has released one full-length Japanese album, one Korean mini-album, two Korean singles, eight Japanese singles, and one sub-unit single.
The album reached number three in the UK and was certified platinum.
Loretta Lynn is an American country music singer-songwriter with multiple gold albums over a career of almost 60 years.
On 24 October 2011 "Big in Japan" was released as the third single from the album.
Their debut studio album, Settle, was released in June 2013, peaking at number one on the UK Albums Chart.
The single became Kubota's first number one hit.
This was followed by Sunday at Devil Dirt, released in 2008, and Hawk, released on August 17, 2010.
and a cover of the Violent Femmes song "Gone Daddy Gone" – were released from St.
As of January 2010, Turner is working on his third studio album and second video album.
Koda has also worked multiple times with directors Tomoo Noda, Tetsuo Inoue and Ippei Morita.
They performed poorly and had low sales, with the former selling fewer than 1000 copies.
His second album, What's Left of Me, was released on May 9, 2006.
Webster released her third studio album, Let's Dance, in 2004.
It peaked at number 21 in France and was certified gold by the Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique.
It topped the Greek International Albums Chart and became their highest-charting album in Sweden, at 13, while also charting in Finland.
Cargo issued the band's debut album, Cheshire Cat, in 1995.
peaked at number 8 on the Billboard' Hot 100 and was certified double platinum by the RIAA.
In the UK, the album debuted atop the chart and went on to be certified five-times platinum by the BPI.
Michael's fourth solo album, Songs from the Last Century, was released in December 1999 and included cover versions of popular songs.
This is the discography of rap group Outlawz.
Her music videos has accumulated more than 500 million views on YouTube, and she is currently the Chinese-language female singer with most views on YouTube.
The song interpolates The Bee Gees' 1979 hit "Love You Inside Out".
"Smack My Bitch Up", the album's final single, peaked at number 8 in the UK.
The discography of English synthpop band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark includes 13 studio albums and 39 singles, among other releases.
Married from 1969 to 1975, Jones and Wynette released nine studio albums together between 1971 and 1995.
Carnifex is an American deathcore band from San Diego County, California.
They would be his final singles released.
The band released their third album Malocchio, on February 11, 2014.
Club, Pop Matters, Stereogum, and reached #22 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
Included in this discography are three items that are from back when the band was known as Pezz.
"Viviras Selena", which is a tribute song, was released in March 1997.
The duo has also charted fifty singles on the Billboard country charts, including twenty Number One hits.
The first of these remains her highest-charting single in the UK at number 11, while charting at number three in Ireland and Austria.
The discography of Mary Ann Acevedo, a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter, actress and musician, contains three studio albums, five singles, three promotional singles, and six music videos.
The band's latest studio album, The Dance, was released on 14 May 2010 as a digital download, and as a physical release on disc shortly after.
Cave In's signing with RCA Records proved to be the band's most commercially successful.
On April 4, 2006, RBD released their second live album, Live in Hollywood, which was recorded in the United States in Los Angeles, California.
"When you're an independent you really do get full control.
After Rock Steady, the band released several compilations and went on hiatus.
Supposed produced four singles: "Thank U", "Joining You", "Unsent" and "So Pure".
The discography of The Feeling, a British band, consists of four studio albums and twelve singles.
The soundtrack of the film was again a huge success, reaching number one on the Billboard 200.
It went to number one on the Australia and Canada charts and was certified platinum in the US and Canada.
It debuted at number four and was certified gold.
The discography of American recording artist Hopsin consists of four studio albums, two mixtapes and twenty three singles.
Jewel's debut album, Pieces of You was issued in February 1995.
Her single "Perfect Day" will also be released in the rest of Europe as her European debut single.
McCready's first four studio albums yielded twelve singles on the Billboard country singles charts.
It charted no higher than #28 in the UK, although two of its three singles managed to reach the Top 10.
He released his, debut album Tomorrow, Alone in 2000.
peaked at number 8 in the US and number 5 in the UK.
It was certified gold in Germany and Austria.
Bury Tomorrow is a British metalcore band from Southampton, Hampshire, England.
She had three Country singles that topped the Hot Country Songs chart during the course of her career, with 10 more songs hitting the Top Ten.
The group have certified shipping of 23 million albums and 6.5 million singles in the United States.
As of 2013, Boyle had sold over 25 million records worldwide.
Also in 2003, she appeared in American Dreams as Martha Reeves of Martha & The Vandellas, singing a version of the group's single "Nowhere to Run".
The band is currently based in Chicago.
Kersey, Key, and Dontre are the band's only constant members, being in the band since its conception.
His longest-lasting Number One is "Hard Rock Bottom of Your Heart", which spent four weeks at the top of the country charts in 1990.
It debuted at number atop the charts in Germany and Switzerland and was certified platinum by the BVMI.
Following the release of her tenth studio record, Yearwood did not release new music until 2014's PrizeFighter: Hit After Hit.
The album was certified silver by the BPI.
19 on the Billboard 200 and selling in excess of 100,000 copies.
He has sold more than 20 million albums worldwide.
MercyMe's seventh studio album, The Hurt & The Healer, sold 33,000 copies in its first week, debuting at number seven on the Billboard 200.
The discography of Brian McKnight, an R&B singer, consists of twelve studio albums, six compilation albums, two Christmas albums, forty singles, and nineteen music videos.
It topped Top Country Albums and peaked at number five on the main-genre Billboard 200.
The album peaked at number 10 on the Billboard 200, with first-week sales of one million copies.
While ATB is mostly known in the world for his hit singles "9pm" and "Don't Stop!
Lead single "Voices" initially peaked at 37 on the country chart, but was successfully re-released in 2010 after Young experienced a commercial breakthrough with subsequent singles.
The latter disc included the single "See You Again", which became Cyrus' first track to impact the top-ten of the US Billboard Hot 100.
Wolfmother returned in early 2010 with a new lineup featuring bassist and keyboardist Ian Peres, rhythm guitarist Aidan Nemeth and drummer Dave Atkins.
The Long Road Back, Andre's fourth studio album, was released on 7 June 2004, peaking to number 44 on the UK Albums Chart.
The discography of Miranda Lambert, an American country artist, consists of seven studio albums, one extended play, seven other appearances, 27 singles, and 12 music videos.
When the recordings were finished, Gottschalk was forced to leave the band.
Set in ancient Egypt, it featured groundbreaking visual effects and appearances by Eddie Murphy, Iman, and Magic Johnson, along with a distinct complex dance routine.
They have released six full-length albums and toured extensively.
After signing with Open Road Recordings, Brody released five albums: Trail in Life, Dirt, Crop Circles, Gypsy Road, and Beautiful Freakshow.
Yours Truly, Angry Mob produced four singles, two of which reached the top twenty on the UK Singles Chart.
The Bluetones are an English indie rock band, formed in Hounslow, Greater London, in 1993.
Volume 8: The Threat Is Real was released by the independent label Ignition Records, whose imminent bankruptcy hurt album sales.
It was released in the UK and Ireland on 20 December 2009 went on to become Fernandez-Versini's second consecutive UK top-five and Irish-top ten hit.
It later reached Number 80 in Canada and Number 19 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart in the United States.
One extended play and one soundtrack have also been released.
In 2009, Osment released her first official music video for the first single "All The Way Up" from her EP All the Right Wrongs.
The following article describes in detail the discography of Plumb, which includes all of her studio albums, compilation albums, singles, and rare releases.
It earned a platinum certification in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America.
All of their first six studio albums debuted on the United States Billboard 200, with a peak position at number 32 for their second album, Primitive.
Due to positive reception, it was continued through additional CD releases.
The discography of American hip hop recording artist DJ Paul, consists of five studio albums, eight singles and 12 mixtapes.
The following is the discography of rock group The Lightning Seeds.
Lopez's fourth studio album Rebirth charted moderately in the United States, eventually earning a platinum certification for shipments of over one million units.
The album features four singles, including two double A-sides.
The following is the discography of American musical group KC and the Sunshine Band.
The discography of Japanese singer-songwriter Kazumasa Oda consists of nine studio albums, four compilation albums, two cover albums, three video albums, and thirty solo singles.
Third video album Voliminal: Inside the Nine was released in December 2006.
On 24 February 2003, the sisters released their debut album "Everything's Eventual", which charted at No.
Usher's success increased in 2004, with the release of his fourth studio album Confessions.
The song "From Your Mouth," which peaked 17 on the Alternative Songs chart, appeared in the 2000 movie Gossip.
The following year the band released "Holding Back the Years", which reached number one in Ireland and the US and number two in the UK.
It was certified gold by the RIAA.
Hamilton's debut studio album The Pink Lavalamp, was released on December 8, 2008 and issued on independent record label Demevolist Music Group for free download.
His first album, Barry Manilow, was released in 1973.
In 2004, Twain released a Greatest Hits package that was certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA and spawned the hit single "Party for Two".
The remix albums contains tracks from the games remixed by various artists and were released between 2011 and 2016.
The band's fourth studio album The Betrayed was delayed many times.
At the time of his death, Hendrix was recording songs for a fourth studio album.
They had relative success in the charts with two number #1s and eight top 10 hits.
Kaiser Chiefs were formed in 1997 in Leeds, England by classmates Nick Hodgson, Nick Baines and Simon Rix.
Her second album Digital Distortion is set to be released in the second half of 2017.
Featured singles with artists like Elton John, Sting, Cher, Chrissie Hynde, Neneh Cherry and Zucchero Fornaciari helped to uplift Clapton's single performances.
This is the discography of New Zealand rock band The Feelers.
"Little Fluffy Clouds" and "Perpetual Dawn" were released as singles from the album.
Farm soundtrack album in 2011, which was on the Billboard 200 at number 29, with songs such as Taio Cruz's "Dynamite" and "Calling All the Monsters".
The discography of Imogen Heap consists of four studio albums, five extended plays, nine singles and twelve music videos.
Released to a limited number of festivals only, the film went straight to DVD in 2006.
Four singles were released from the album, Strom, Alles was war, Auflösen and Ertrinken, all of which charted heavily in Germany.
The discography of Rick Ross, an American rapper, consists of nine studio albums, one compilation album, eighty-five singles, one soundtrack, and forty music videos.
Nine Inch Nails has also contributed to numerous film soundtracks as well as the soundtrack to the video game Quake.
It peaked at twenty-one on the Billboard charts and at thirty in the UK Album Charts, and later received a three-times multi-platinum certification by the RIAA.
The population was 20,733 at the 2010 census.
The album charted at number thirty-seven on the UK Albums Chart and number nine on the UK Indie Chart on 22 September 2013.
Despite their standing as one of the premier CCM bands, White Heart never won a Dove Award.
The third album, Line in the Sand was released on October 29, 2013.
American singer Ashlee Simpson has released three studio albums, nine singles, and nine music videos.
Free Spirit became her first UK and US release since the 1980s.
The latest addition to Tha Carter series, Tha Carter IV, was released on August 29, 2011.
"Pour que tu m'aimes encore" topped the charts in Francophone countries and also peaked inside top ten in the UK, Ireland, Netherlands and Sweden.
The discography of The Gaslight Anthem, an American rock band formed in 2005, consists of five studio albums, two extended plays, and eight singles.
He is often likened to as the "King of Love Song".
The album includes the UK number-one singles "Under Control", "Summer" and "Blame", as well as the top-10 single "Outside".
He has done numerous collaborations, appearances and tribute albums.
Their ninth studio album entitled Saints of Los Angeles was released on June 24, 2008.
In March 2013, Bonamassa left Black Country Communion due to internal tensions with Hughes, with the bassist later confirming that the band had ended.
The band released their sixth album, Bad Vibrations, in 2016.
Sonic Youth was an alternative rock band formed in New York City in 1981.
It has been certified double platinum by the BPI and the ARIA.
His discography comprises sixteen studio albums, four live albums, two greatest hits albums and twenty-nine singles.
1 1953 hit, "I Let the Stars Get In My Eyes".
Following her departure from Wagoner's show, Parton branched out into Pop music with the 1977 single, "Here You Come Again", which hit No.
Between then and the July 25, 2006 release of "In My Mind", he released "Angel", and later "Number One" with Kanye West.
Looking Glass was released as an EP on May 6, 2008, containing a music video of the Dan Ouellette-directed video for the title track.
2001 An Intimate Holiday with Michael Feinstein
His debut single, "Sandstorm", was an international breakout hit, peaking within the top ten in several countries.
This is the discography of the British rock band Status Quo.
The first four albums were released in mono only, while the remaining albums were issued in only stereo.
The artist in all recordings is listed as "Gillian Welch" except where noted.
His next two albums, Mutations and Midnite Vultures maintained the eclectic sound Beck had become known for and saw favorable reviews with continued chart success.
British rock band Mumford & Sons has released three studio albums, two live albums, eleven extended plays, sixteen singles and eleven music videos.
This article presents the Swedish discography of Cornelis Vreeswijk, influential Dutch-Swedish folk/jazz composer, singer and guitar player.
In recent years, their record company have also released original material that was never released at the time.
Joe Diffie is an American country music artist.
The discography of YG, an American rapper, consists of two studio albums, seventeen singles and seven mixtapes.
Two further singles from Floodland – "Dominion" and "Lucretia My Reflection" – reached numbers 13 and 20 in the UK in early 1988.
"Work" reached the top ten in several countries including Australia, Italy, New Zealand, Switzerland and the UK.
In September 2011, Banks self-released her debut single "212", which charted on the record charts of several countries including Australia, Ireland, and the United Kingdom.
The band released two more albums, Out of This World in 1988 and Prisoners in Paradise in 1991, before going on hiatus in 1992.
Robyn released the first of a trilogy of albums to be released over the course of 2010 titled Body Talk Pt.
On 29 February 2012, Aplin announced that she had signed to Parlophone.
There are lots of big stories and big ideas.
Her first live album, Live in Person at Mr. Lucky's, was released the following year.
Their label, Telstar Records, decided not to renew their recording contract in 1997, and their career in music ended there.
The album peaked at number twenty-five on the Oricon Albums Chart, selling less than 10,000 copies.
The follow-up album, Accident of Birth, marked a return to a heavier sound for Dickinson.
The album, composed of pop and dance songs, reached number one and went platinum in the UK.
The discography of A-ha, a Norwegian synthpop/rock band, consists of ten studio albums, ten compilation albums, five extended plays, and thirty-nine singles.
In 2011, Arjona released his thirteenth studio album, Independiente, the first under his own record label Metamorfosis.
In 2012, Secret released the ballad "So Much For Goodbye" in Japan, which portrayed the vocal side of Secret.
Igor Cavalera left the band in 2006 and was replaced by Jean Dolabella.
The following year, their debut studio album of the same name was released; it peaked at number 33 on the US Billboard 200.
The group was founded in 2001 by Jay Malinowski, Eon Sinclair and Pat Pengelly while studying at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario.
The following year Megadeth released Hidden Treasures, an EP that featured previously released non-album tracks, including soundtrack and compilation songs.
It yielded the international top-ten hits "Ain't No Other Man", "Hurt" and "Candyman".
"Let It Go" is the name of the second official single, and was released 1 July 2016.
The group released their first Japanese album entitled "1" on October 24 that same year.
Since 2009, the band has occasionally played reunion shows.
It reached number 1 on the Icelandic album chart, number 17 in Norway, and number 52 on the United Kingdom Albums Chart.
The discography of American nerdcore hip hop artist MC Chris consists of ten studio albums, three compilation albums, and five extended plays.
The discography of Mizraab, a Pakistani progressive rock band, consists of two studio albums, as well as numerous live albums, singles and music videos.
Wainwright's first EP, Waiting for a Want, was released through DreamWorks in June 2004, previewing songs that later appear on Want Two.
Lead single "Photograph" reached number 2 on the US Hot 100, while an additional five singles reached the Mainstream Rock top 40.
In 2003, the single "Slow", from Body Language, became another number-one single in the UK.
Limp Bizkit formed in 1995 in Jacksonville, Florida.
The discography of Shawty Lo, an American hip hop recording artist from Atlanta, Georgia.
The album's fourth single, "Yes", peaked at number 68 in Canada.
Its lead single, "Kansas City", peaked at number fourteen on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified gold.
The original lineup had a brief comeback in 1977 and 1983.
However, the single obtained a Gold certification.
Four subsequent singles, "I Do Not Hook Up", "Already Gone", "All I Ever Wanted" and "Cry", were released, with the foremost two becoming top-twenty hits worldwide.
The title being a play on words relating to Public Enemy's Fear of a Black Planet album.
Follow-up singles "Ecuador" and "Stay", both also reached number two in the UK.
He did, though, have success on the singles charts.
The record spawned three singles and two promotional singles, including Nash's second highest charting song "Do Wah Doo", and "Kiss That Grrrl".
In 1972, Queen signed a production deal with Trident Studios.
Most of his compact discs were remastered/reissued in 2000, and again in 2007 and 2014 via GhostTunes, Brooks' online music store.
Jotdog has received nominations for the MTV Video Music Awards Latinoamérica, Premios Oye!
Her follow-up album, Prinsessor, was released a year later and peaked at number three in the charts.
Queensberry received Gold certification in Germany by the IFPI for 100,000+ copies sold.
In 2014, she became part of the German Band Aid 30 project; their rendition of which "Do They Know It's Christmas?"
American singer Kesha has released two studio albums, one compilation album, two extended plays, 15 singles, four promotional singles, and has made six other guest appearances.
B.o.B's debut studio album, which was preceded by two EPs and several mixtapes, was eventually Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Her next album All in One Voice failed to chart worldwide.
Followed by singles and music videos, the 2010s were very successful for the artist.
Two singles were released from the album: "Adieu" and "Golden Baby", both of which reached the top ten in Belgium.
Kate's records were released in the USA under Robbins Entertainment label.
Even after his death, his popularity continued and a demand for unreleased material caused a live album to be released, Jim Croce Live: The Final Tour.
Tory Lanez collaborated with the WeDidIt collective on the Cruel Intentions EP in 2015.
This is a discography of the Mongolian heavy metal band Hurd.
By 2008, Xuxa is the best-selling female singer in Brazil.
The Miracles also scored 11 U.S. R&B Top 10 Albums, including 2-#1's .
The preceding and succeeding singles, "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend" and "Through the Fire", topped the charts as well.
The band first charted in 1996 and released its self-titled debut album in 1998.
American country music singer and songwriter Luke Bryan has released five studio albums and 22 singles.
The discography of Xe-NONE, a Russian Neue Deutsche Härte band, consists of two studio album, two extended plays, and three singles.
Born and raised in Texas, Orbison got his start in a rockabilly band in high school.
The discography of Little Man Tate, an English-based Indie Rock band, consists of 2 studio albums and 10 singles along with several accompanying music videos.
In 1982, the band relocated to West Berlin, Germany and Calvert departed.
The Libertines followed up with their debut full-length album Up the Bracket in October 2002.
Set in a fictional universe, its storyline follows several different users of magic as they become involved with incidents related to powerful ancient artifacts.
Instead of continuing as Les Rita Mitsouko, Ringer completed a final tour, "Catherine Ringer chante Les Rita Mitsouko and more", and started a solo career.
The discography of Dr. Dre, an American record producer and rapper, consists of three studio albums, 14 singles, and 6 compilation albums.
The group has sold about 31 million records in Japan.
The original version, released as a single in 1999, was remixed many times over the years to a great success on the charts.
However, it was not until 2000 with the release of the single "Amo Vitam" that the band received frequent airplay on German music television stations.
She recorded her debut album, Thinking Room, in New York City, which was released in 2001.
The following is a comprehensive discography of The Stranglers, an English rock band.
She signed with Capitol Records in 1956, and her self-titled debut studio album was released three years later.
Volbeat's long-awaited fourth album, Beyond Hell/Above Heaven, was released in September 2010.
I Believe You Liar in July 2010.
Today it is one of highest-selling country music box sets.
Their second work, the EP V Empire or Dark Faerytales in Phallustein, issued in 1996, saw further changes in the line-up.
Her 2003 bilingual duet "Si demain..." with Kareen Antonn became a number one hit in France.
Linkin Park was formed in Agoura Hills, California in 1996 by Mike Shinoda, Brad Delson, and Rob Bourdon.
On 31 March 2014, it reached number 1 on the UK Albums Chart, marking their first number 1 since Yours Truly, Angry Mob.
In 2000, Xuxa só para Baixinhos series becomes an icon in the Brazilian children's market.
The song launched her second studio album, L'amore è femmina.
In 1993, the group released their final album on Virgin called, Joy and Blues.
The siblings started their musical career together in the latter half of the 1960s.
Her first single "Crazy" was released in international market, French version of "Si tu l'avoues" and Indonesian version of "Jadi Milikmu".
Hisaishi has also released five video albums.
The album peaked at number 1 on the Swedish Albums Chart, the album includes the singles "Coming Home", "Boomerang" and "Flashy".
The discography of Spice 1 consists of 12 studio albums, one EP, 11 compilation albums and six charting singles.
Víctor García stated that "this album will express much duality in human beings — good and evil."
In March 26, 2012 she released her third album, Gold.
Born and raised in Vancouver, Grimes began recording experimental music while attending McGill University in Montréal, where she became involved with the underground music scene.
"Stronger" also became Clarkson's most commercially successful single in her career by selling over five million copies worldwide.
After a leave of absence, Namie returned to the music scene with the 2000 album "Genius 2000", but from then on she faced decreasing sales.
The press, including NME, The Guardian, Rolling Stone and Pitchfork Media, have praised the duo.
The lead single, "Last Nite", was only released in the United Kingdom.
In 1973 she released two records: Bittersweet White Light and Half-Breed her second gold album in the United States.
Mesh-29 was formed in 2005 in Whittlesey, near Peterborough, by Adam Mezzatesta and Anthony Shiels.
This is the discography of American hip-hop artist DJ Drama.
In March 2011, Lavigne released her fourth studio album, Goodbye Lullaby.
Later that year, the Rapture released their debut full-length studio album Echoes under DFA Records.
This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by J Alvarez, a Puerto Rican reggaetón artist.
Birdy released her self-titled début studio album in November 2011.
In October 2014 Crystal Kay re-focused on Japan by switching her management to LDH.
Later that year, Grohl was put in contact with Kurt Cobain and Krist Novoselic who were in search of a new drummer for their band Nirvana.
Two singles, "Empire Song" and "Chop-Chop", were released from the album, but only "Empire Song" charted in the UK.
In 2008 they performed at the Taste of Chaos tour in the USA.
This discography does not include material by Tinker, Hole, The Smashing Pumpkins, Hand Of Doom or The Chelsea.
Gill is also a member of supergroup Heads of State, but the group has yet to release an album.
They released one album and saw three singles enter the UK Singles Chart.
An extended play version of the album was released to counter Internet piracy, and the full album was released exclusively in Japan in 2004.
Included on the track listing is a cover of The All-American Rejects' "Gives You Hell", which reached number one in Ireland, a first for the group.
JLS promoted the single on Britain's Got Talent and GMTV.
Knowles released a music video and single for "Losing You" on October 2, 2012.
The soundtracks were produced by Key Sounds Label and released in 2007 and 2008.
She has sold over 26.5 million albums in the United States alone according to Nielsen Soundscan, making her one of the best-selling artists in the country.
The discography of Canadian country music group Family Brown consists of 11 studio albums and 42 singles.
15 and was followed by a double LP Gossip in September, which peaked at No.
He also recorded the song "Separate Lives", a duet with Marilyn Martin that reached number one in the US.
The rapper's second studio album, At Your Inconvenience was released in October 2011; where it debuted at number three on the UK chart.
She released her fifth studio album, The Vehicle, in April 2013 through Right Recordings, her first solo album in 12 years.
The discography of Deftones, an American alternative metal band, consists of eight studio albums, three extended plays, three compilation albums, one demo album and twenty singles.
This article presents the complete discography of American singer/songwriter Jarboe.
On the same date it was announced that the release date was pushed back from October 21 to November 4, 2016.
This is a discography of the rock guitarist Gary Moore.
In 2015, they released their fifth studio album, Sirens.
"Baby Don't Lie" received moderate success on commercial charts, while "Spark the Fire" only charted on the Dance Club Songs chart.
Parkway Drive is an Australian metalcore band from Byron Bay, New South Wales, formed in 2003.
The title track of the same name peaked atop the Gaon Digital Chart and has sold over 1.8 million digital units.
In 1991, Arjona signed a record deal with Sony Music and released his third studio album, Del Otro Lado del Sol.
The band went through numerous line-up changes before breaking up in 2013.
Five singles were released from the album.
The lead single "Desire" was the band's first number-one single in the UK.
Their highest chart peak is the number 8 "Oh Lonesome Me", which was originally a Number One single for Don Gibson.
The band is affiliated with England's Candlelight Records.
The discography of Adelitas Way, an American hard rock band, consists of four studio albums, seven music videos and thirteen singles.
His third studio album 24K Magic was released in November 2016.
Borrowed Heaven was a return to their Celtic roots, after the more pop-oriented In Blue.
Grande released her second studio album My Everything in August 2014.
The discography of Pulp, an English Britpop band, consists of seven studio albums, 9 compilation albums, 2 live albums and 26 singles.
"Last Request" was the most successful, reaching number five on the UK Singles Chart and number eight on the Irish Singles Chart.
Following that success, the duo released the mixtape Dreamworks: Why Not Me under the name Envy.
On April 29, executive producer Carter Covington announced on his Twitter account that the series had been canceled by ABC Family due to low ratings.
He broke into professional music under Sam Phillips at Sun Records, but found only marginal success there.
He made his debut on the Hot Country Songs and the Billboard Hot 100 with "How 'Bout You", which respectively peaked at #14 and #85.
Fridkin left and was replaced by Andrew Seward, and this lineup released the single "The Disco Before the Breakdown".
She was also a semifinalist of Idol 2004, where she placed fourth in her group but didn't make it to the finals.
Since its inception, its contestants have released various albums under MCA Music and Star Records, ABS-CBN's record label arm.
The discography of N.O.R.E., consists of six studio albums, two compilation albums, four mixtapes and 28 singles.
The Japanese version of the title track reached number two on the Oricon charts.
Forever also produced two more UK number-one singles, "Goodbye" and the double A-side "Holler"/"Let Love Lead the Way".
Mahone independently released his debut single, "11:11" to iTunes on February 14, 2011.
Shihad received music video funding grants from broadcast funding agency NZ On Air for 31 music videos, the most any New Zealand artist has had funded.
Velvet Revolver returned in 2007 with Libertad.
In 2001, the group earned the Record of the Year award.
The first single from the album, "Wherever I Go", reached number 55 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Following this success, Thrill Kill Kult was signed by the major label Interscope Records, which re-released the Sexplosion!
The Cardigans are a band from Sweden.
Monáe debuted with an EP, Metropolis: Suite I.
The first single taken from Cartel was called "Lose It", however it did not chart as expected.
Aki's second and third albums, Today and Answer both debuted at number one on the Oricon albums chart.
The group is multinational with members coming from four countries and aiming to become a part of the new generation of hallyu groups.
In addition to their seven studio albums, also released are two compilation albums, one soundtrack, one live album and three DVD albums.
Though the band currently has no active members, it continues to exist as an institution, and still releases new material.
It peaked at number 47 on R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and 62 on the UK Singles Chart.
The record has since gone platinum in Canada.
Hopes Die Last was an Italian post-hardcore band from Rome, formed in 2004.
Several of the band's songs have been featured in adverts and TV shows.
The record peaked at number 101 on the UK Albums Chart, and number 158 on the Billboard 200.
There was also an extended play sequel entitled Other Covers in 2009.
The album debuted and peaked at number four on the UK Albums Chart.
Dream Theater has sold over two million records and DVDs in the United States and over 8 million records and DVDs throughout the world.
52 on the Billboard Hot 100, respectively.
They also contributed to a number of soundtracks and compilations.
Their first extended play, Reverie appeared in November 1982.
The song became Crow's fifth top-20 hit in the UK and received nominations for a Golden Globe and a Grammy.
Following Jackson's death in 2009, sales of his previous work skyrocketed, with his compilation album, Number Ones, becoming one of the best-selling albums internationally.
Since 1997, he has released over 35 singles.
She is expected to release her debut single "Speak to Me" - the title song to the upcoming film Voice from the Stone - in 2017.
The group's first Japanese language album Jewelry Box was released in 2012.
In November 2001, London Records released a greatest hits compilation entitled All Hits.
Her third studio album, Ultraviolence, was released in the summer of 2014 and debuted at number one in 12 countries.
The following year, she released the biggest hit of her career, "Evil on Your Mind," which peaked in the Top 5.
The Nekromantix is a Danish-American psychobilly band founded in 1989 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The album spawned the singles; "Praying for Time", "Waiting for That Day", "Freedom!
Balance & Options, which was his first album not to chart and not to receive a RIAA certification in 2000.
The discography of the British rock band The Sisters of Mercy consists of three studio albums, two compilation albums, two extended plays, and sixteen singles.
In his native United Kingdom, he has accumulated 69 top 40 singles, including 32 top tens and 7 number-ones.
However, it did stay in the charts for a number of weeks.
2 on the Billboard 200 and had the band's sole No.
This article presents the discography of Canadian country music artist Carroll Baker.
In 2008, the album was shortlisted for the Choice Music Prize in Ireland.
Her discography also features seventeen greatest hits compilations, twenty-eight singles, two video albums, five music videos and twelve other appearances.
On 8 December 2014, Bastille released their third mixtape, VS., which included collaborations with Haim, Angel Haze, MNEK, GRADES, and Rag'n'Bone Man and Skunk Anansie.
Magazine that the debut album would be entitled Vultures.
In 2006 the label began publishing "experimental literature" under the imprint Marriage Publishing House, including Veneer Magazine.
This is the discography of Celldweller, an American electronic rock project created by multi-instrumentalist artist, Klayton.
It also debuted at number 134 on the US Billboard 200.
This is a discography about Gloria Estefan's singles chart performance.
Discography of Funkadelic, influential George Clinton-led Funk music group.
Prior to its release, many labels were reluctant to release albums by female country artists until Wells became the first female vocalist to sell records.
Three of Kokia's albums and have sold over 10,000 copies, with her most successful album, 2003's Remember Me, selling 45,000 copies in Japan.
In July 2012, All Time Low returned to Hopeless Records and released their fifth studio album on October 9, Don't Panic.
Three remix albums were released between 2010 and 2013.
With the production by The Neptunes, the song gained some critical attention for its very sparse production.
During the first weeks of sales, the album did not sell too well, only reaching the lower half of the Billboard 200.
Noisettes, a British band based in London, have released three studio albums, ten singles, three extended plays and eleven music videos.
"Payphone" was particularly successful on the UK Singles Chart, where it became Khalifa's first single to top the chart.
The first releases were the debut studio album Nonstop in 1994, preceded by the chart hits "Groove Me" and "Close to You", both released in 1993.
While preparing for their second album, Lenchantin and Van Leeuwen left the band to pursue other projects.
His discography includes twenty-two studio albums, seven compilation albums and thirty-eight singles.
This is the discography of Japanese electronic music band Yellow Magic Orchestra.
During this time, Owens also collaborated with upcoming country artist Susan Raye on the albums We're Gonna Get Together and The Great White Horse.
In 2015, Silvas released her third full-length studio album, Letters to Ghosts.
It peaked at number two in the Wallonia region of Belgium and at number five in Canada and France.
Their third album, Siempre, was released in 2006; it went to number one in ten countries.
Evancho's seventh studio album, Two Hearts, was her seventh consecutive No.
As of August 2015, the group has sold 50 million records worldwide.
The following is the discography of Dutch music producer and DJ Afrojack.
After finishing third on the second season of the American televised singing competition The X Factor the group was signed to Epic Records though Syco Music.
Wizkid took the Nigerian music industry by storm when he collaborated with Naeto C, Ikechukwu, M.I and Kel.
It also topped the album charts of several European countries.
The album contained Master P's most successful single to date "Make 'Em Say Uhh!"
English musician Birdy has released three studio albums, four extended plays, seven singles and six music videos.
The Guardian described the debut single "Manners" as "effortlessly cool".
The album peaked at number six on the UK Albums Chart, earning Stone her first top-10 album since Mind Body & Soul.
Selena's live recording entitled Live contained three studio tracks and produced two, top five U.S. singles "No Debes Jugar" and "La Llamada".
Heathen Chemistry followed in July 2002, becoming Oasis' fifth consecutive number-one album in the UK and being certified triple platinum by the BPI.
Wiley has released 11 studio albums, including 22 singles.
21, Adele's second studio album, was released on 19 January 2011.
Its first commercial release was the single "Runaway" in 1983.
Martin earned fifteen number-one singles on the US Latin Airplay chart and is the second artist with most number-ones on this chart.
The discography of Arctic Monkeys, a British indie rock band, currently consists of five studio albums, three extended plays and nineteen singles.
Three topped Hot Country Singles & Tracks.
On October 2, 2012, Star released a four-track single called "Mr. Diva" to tide fans over and play new music on tour.
2001 With a Song in My Heart
Martens was then replaced by Mike Felumlee and the band released the EPs Break Up and 2 themselves.
The album was met with mixed reviews.
One more studio album, Echo & the Bunnymen, was released before McCulloch left the band to pursue a solo career in 1988.
Keenan died in January 2011, following complications with pneumonia, which she suffered from after earlier contracting H1N1.
The band's first studio album De-Loused in the Comatorium was released in 2003 after a European tour supporting the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
The theme song for La Strada sold more than two million copies in Italy alone.
The single also reached the top-twenty in the United Kingdom, Davis' first entry there.
They performed at the Wacken Open Air festival in 2006, to several thousand people, and a second album, titled Mirror was released on April 11, 2007.
Carter recorded a duet with pop singer Jennifer Paige called "Beautiful Lie" in 2009.
The following year, the group traveled back to Germany to appear on a televised quiz show, bringing about requests for live appearances.
Fat Joe participated in both Terror Squad albums: Terror Squad and True Story.
The album peaked at number 27 on the Swedish Albums Chart and spawned a further single, the title track.
The record sold 540,000 copies in its first week in the US and went to number-one in thirty-five countries.
Four singles, "The Wizard", "Trophy", "Prescilla" and "What's a Girl to Do?
Paul Reid, formerly Paul Gary James Ridge,, better known by the stage name Drapht, is an Australian hip hop artist from Perth.
The first composition they agreed upon was "Smile".
Larsson's second album, So Good, was released worldwide on 17 March 2017.
"We Got the Power" marked Loreen's third worldwide single and appears in the reissue of Loreen's debut album Heal.
The band released their Swedish Grammis-winning debut album in 1996.
Between 1967 and 2015, Oslin released five studio albums and 26 singles.
In the fall of 1997, both Bink and Tiësto decided to leave Basic Beat and create their own parent label, now known as Black Hole Recordings.
On 6 May 2012 they released "All I Know" featuring British singer Luke Bingham.
Note: Release reissues and compilation tracks taken from albums are not listed.
The album's fourth single, "Rather Be", features Jess Glynne and topped the UK Singles Chart, the group's first number one on the chart.
Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds was supported by five singles, two of which reached the top 20 of the UK Singles Chart.
The discography of Pop Evil, an American hard rock band, consists of four studio albums, one extended play, sixteen singles and two promotional singles.
Also in 2009, Nina was named as the best-selling female recording artist by the Guillermo Mendoza Memorial Scholarship Foundation.
He was named Cosmogirl magazine's "sexiest man in the world" in 2002, beating out rival pop star Justin Timberlake for the title.
3 on the Oricon Chart, and "Gara Gara Go!!".
Of the supporting singles – "Honeydrip", "Lover Lover Lover" and "Dug for Love" – only "Lover Lover Lover" reached the British charts at number forty-six.
This is a discography of English singer/songwriter Tiff Lacey.
The group has released nine studio albums, six CD singles, and six live albums.
In December 2002, Houston released her fifth studio album, Just Whitney.
These items are Demoluca, Dudebox, and Watoosh!.
"Drop It Like It's Hot" featuring Pharrell, was released as the album's lead single on September 14, 2004.
The band then went on hiatus whilst all the members pursued solo projects.
The Autumn label was sold in early 1966 to Warner Bros. Records, which then persuaded the band to record a covers album titled Beau Brummels '66.
Kaiser Chiefs released their third album, Off with Their Heads, in October 2008.
Strays was their first full-length studio album in 13 years.
The album's lead single, "Too Little Too Late", became a top five hit on the Billboard Hot 100.
It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and was certified three times platinum by the RIAA.
BeForU's third album, BeForU III: Breaking Into the Probability Changes was released on March 14, 2007 BeForU performed live at Zepp Tokyo for BeForU LIVE 2007.
Her third single "Not That Kinda Girl" was not commercially released in the United States and therefore failed to chart there.
and 116 Clique, twenty-three singles, including eight as a featured artist and three with R.M.G.
This article documents the discography for American guitarist Leo Kottke.
B1A4 debuted on April 23, 2011 on the weekly music show Show!
Random Access Memories, Daft Punk's first studio album in eight years, was released in May 2013 and topped several charts worldwide.
He has continued to focus on producing and promoting world music through his Real World Records label.
Their fourth album Bonamana is listed as the best-selling album of 2010 with 200,193 copies sold, and the repackaged version at ninth at 99,355 copies.
The earlier releases were credited to The Brotherhood of Man.
The group then had a hiatus to allow its members to pursue various side projects.
The album promoted by only video, "Neverland", received favorable feedback from journalists who acknowledged especially its progressive sound; only few reprised bias.
Both of these songs reached the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100.
On his earlier works he was billed as simply "Michael Murphey", adding his middle name with the 1982 album Michael Martin Murphey.
28 on Billboard's R&B Singles chart and No.
11 in Canada and No.59 in the United Kingdom, being certified Gold and Silver respectively.
Wainwright's second EP, Alright, Already: Live in Montréal, was released by Geffen via iTunes in the United States and Canada on March 15, 2005.
His debut album, Montunos cubanos, was recorded for SMC in 1950.
In 2001, Lambert released a self-titled and self-financed independent album.
"Real Muthaphuckkin G's" became Eazy's highest charting single on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 42.
Zucchero has sold over 50 million records around the world.
Halliwell released a special French edition of the single, entitled "Au Nom de L'amour".
The double live album Once in a Livetime was released in 1998.
All of Johnson's albums have been released through his personal record label, Brushfire Records.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Kyuss, a Southern California-based stoner/desert rock band, active between 1988 and 1995, and again since their reunion in 2010.
Girls Aloud was formed in 2002 on the ITV1 talent show Popstars: The Rivals.
The two albums released during these years, Technique and Republic; each charted at number 1 in the UK.
Ernest Tubb was an American singer and songwriter and one of the pioneers of country music.
The album sold 1.9 million copies in the US and produced three singles.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
Orange Caramel is the first subgroup of South Korean girl group After School.
The discography of British trip hop group Portishead consists of three studio albums, one live album, one compilation, ten singles and one video album.
1 singles: "Born 2 Groove" and "Religify."
After singles "Old Pine" and "The Wolves" were released in 2011, Howard recorded his debut album entitled Every Kingdom, which was released on 3 October 2011.
Sumner was not fond of touring, and wanted to take time off from the group and produce a solo album.
In 1996, she began composing songs and signed a recording contract with RCA Records in the United Kingdom.
It managed to peak 98 on the UK Singles Chart and 11 on the UK Dance Chart.
American pop rock band Hot Chelle Rae have released two studio albums, one extended play, seven singles and seven music videos.
Tame Impala's third studio album, Currents, was released on 17 July 2015.
This is the discography of German rapper Bushido, who has sold more than 1.5 million records in Germany alone, as of 2009.
One single, Reisefieber, was released to promote the album.
Norwood has sold over 8.62 million albums in the United States, and more than 30 million records worldwide.
The discography of Japanese pop duo Dreams Come True consists of 20 studio albums, 6 compilation albums, 17 video albums, and numerous singles.
The band has released seven studio albums, two EPs, one compilation album and two live albums.
It peaked at number 14 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart and attained a gold certification from the RIAA.
Miller's discography includes thirteen studio albums, four EPs, one live album, three compilations, seven singles, six music videos, and one concert documentary video.
In early 1991, the band signed with American label A&M Records and put forth its third EP, Sandblasted.
On 19 December 2006, Depeche Mode's back catalogue was released on the iTunes Store as The Complete Depeche Mode.
The discography of DJ Fresh, an English drum and bass and dubstep producer and DJ, consists of three studio albums and nine singles.
Anjulie began her career as a songwriter, penning tracks for several artists in the mid-2000s with Jon Levine.
The opening theme song "Popotan Kiss" was later re-released as part of Under17's second Best complication and performed during their live tour.
The mixtape was later re-packaged and re-released for purchase, as an EP, titled Fear of God II: Let Us Pray.
Shinee's fourth EP, Sherlock was released in 2012.
London's 1961 studio album Whatever Julie Wants featured her naked, wearing a fur coat over her body.
In 2011, Crystal Kay signed to Delicious Deli Records, after 11 years with Epic Records, and released the album Vivid.
She was also a member of the bands Fairport Convention, The Strawbs, Fotheringay and The Bunch.
October 1996 saw the release of Ænima which eventually beat Tool's debut in sales, and was certified triple platinum by the RIAA in 2003.
Their discography consists of nine studio albums, 36 singles, four compilation albums, and 20 music videos.
Since the group's debut in 1993, they have also released twenty singles, of which three made the Billboard Hot 100.
The second single, "Any Last Werdz", failed to chart.
Genesis is the fifth studio album by Busta Rhymes.
Amerie performed "Heard 'Em All" and "Higher" in November 2009 on Jimmy Kimmel Live!.
The band announced that they would be releasing a new studio album in the fall of 2009, though this date was pushed back to 2010.
Four was produced by Alex Newport, and the album was recorded and mixed in New York City.
The album also topped the Canadian Albums Chart, as well as spawning four Mainstream Rock top-five singles, two of which reached number one.
After the massive success of "I Got You Babe" the record label encouraged her to record the second album, The Sonny Side of Chér.
The album became his best charting album on the Billboard 200, peaking at number three.
The live album Scabdates, was released later the same year.
The album was preceded by the release of the singles "Gossip", "She Said OK" and "Mama Told Me".
The American rapper Future has released six studio albums, twelve mixtapes, sixty-one singles and thirty-three music videos.
It was a Top 20 album on the Billboard 200, and was her second Platinum certified album in the United States.
By November 2000, the album had sold 700,000 and was certified Gold by the RIAA.
Lauper was a founding member of Blue Angel, who released their debut album in 1980 on Polydor Records.
The discography for the Canadian country group Emerson Drive consists of seven studio albums, one compilation, one EP, 33 singles, and 25 music videos.
After debuting in January 2009 he began releasing a string of mini albums in Korea and Japan while working on a full-length album.
All formed in Los Angeles in 1987 following the departure of singer Milo Aukerman from the Descendents.
After signing to Roadrunner Records, the band's debut studio album, Pass Out of Existence, was released in August 2001.
It was certified platinum by the RIAA.
It has been certified Gold by RIAA.
– The Misconceptions of Me, which were later re-released as The Misconceptions of Us.
Followed by two studio albums, 1991's Butchered at Birth, and 1992's Tomb of the Mutilated.
Next, Santana released Abraxas, on September 1970, which topped the Billboard charts and earned five-times platinum.
In a similar way Paul Kelly and the Boon Companions released Ways & Means in 2004 and became Stardust Five to release Stardust Five in 2006.
The single "Snoop Dogg" was nominated for Music Video of the Year at The Source Hip-Hop Music Awards 2001.
The band was formed by Zoltán Hegyi, Viktor László, Tamás Kocsis, and Tibor Vangel in 1984.
Kelly's second EP Foreword came out in October 2013 as her first major label release.
This is a comprehensive listing of all releases by Public Announcement, a R&B dance group from Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Believe, Bieber's third studio album, followed in June 2012.
Her first single, "Poison Prince", was released on 7 May 2007.
He has remixed songs for Kimbra, OK Go, Livvi Franc, Sky Ferreira, Miami Horror, Penguin Prison, Lolene, Saint Motel, O'Spada, and Love Grenades.
The song appeared on the soundtrack to the 2008 film Slumdog Millionaire along with "O... Saya", a song written specifically for the film by M.I.A.
Hagar is known as a solo artist and a former member of several notable bands.
The band has released ten studio albums, four compilations and two live albums.
The following is the discography of South Korean girl group Apink, debuting in 2011.
By 1981, the group was well known throughout South Africa, and was allowed to travel to Cologne, Germany.
This is the discography of the British new wave band Ultravox.
"Swagger Jagger" entered at number one on the UK Singles Chart and number two on the Irish Singles Chart.
During this time, Ciara took part as a featured artist in two songs, "Promise Ring" by Tiffany Evans and "Stepped on My J'z" by Nelly.
In December 2009, they released an EP of covers, remixes, and new material, entitled Christmas.
The discography of Eazy-E, an American rapper from Compton, California, consists of two studio albums, three extended plays, two compilation albums, and ten singles.
The related album, Waiting for the Day appeared in the top 20 on the ARIA Albums Chart and achieved platinum certification from ARIA.
The band's third studio album, Metropolis, became their breakthrough album, receiving much acclaim while pushing the band to the forefront of international EDM community.
The second single from BE, the double A-side "Shine a Light" / "The World's Not Set in Stone", was released on 18 August 2013.
For information about Robinson's recorded output as a member of The Miracles, see The Miracles discography.
It spawned the singles "Moro Mou" and "Alli Mia Fora".
The discography of American rapper Too Short.
She currently holds the record for most 5-million-selling singles in the United States, with six of her singles selling over 5 million.
In November 1997 the group released their second album, Spiceworld, which has been certified five times platinum by the BPI.
In October of that year, a compilation of the two California Sweetheart EPs was released.
On August 26, 2011, JPM released Moonwalk album.
The album's lead single, "Fallen", reached the top twenty in Denmark, Finland and Sweden.
Music, Sean's breakthrough career continued through his mixtapes such as Finally Famous Vol.
The album was released in 2012, seven years after the release of Extraordinary Machine.
Stone's third studio album, Introducing Joss Stone, was released in March 2007.
Recording for their next and final album, Noctourniquet, began shortly after, though the album wasn't completed and released until March, 2012.
Additionally, the album also included Henderson's debut single "Borrow My Heart", which topped the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified double platinum.
The band's InVogue Records debut, "I'm Almost Happy Here, But I Never Feel at Home" was released July 1, 2014 via InVogue Records.
Three Days Grace is a Canadian rock band that formed in 1997.
On the Billboard Top Rock albums it reached number 5.
In 2009, Kisschasy released their third studio album, Seizures.
Lopez's third studio album This Is Me... Then peaked at number two on the Billboard 200, and earned double-platinum status in the United States.
On June 22, 1993, Mercyful Fate released the album In the Shadows through Metal Blade Records.
Kieran Hebden and Steve Reid have released four studio albums on Domino Records.
In 2014 to celebrate the 10th year since her debut with Sony, she released a follow-up album to this, Request II.
He is widely regarded as the most popular Italian and classical singer in the world.
Steen's third album Mir so nah debuted at number five on the German Albums Chart and produced the singles "Gebt alles" and "Tanz".
The discography of English singer-songwriter Ben Howard consists of two studio albums, five extended plays, six singles and six music videos.
The album became the most successful in her career, and spawned two sequels, Covers 2 and Covers 3.
Detroit released a Christmas EP, Happy Holiday in 2011, followed by a second Holiday EP Holiday 2012 a year after.
In February 2006, the band's debut full-length studio album Age of Winters was released.
This article presents the discography of American pop and country music singer, Brenda Lee.
On July 20, 2010, Ross released his fourth studio album, Teflon Don, which includes the hit single, "Aston Martin Music", which features Drake and Chrisette Michele.
This is a discography of the singles and albums of British pop group Brotherhood of Man.
Vitamin C was then dropped from the label and no new album surfaced.
As a solo artist he released twelve studio albums, one compilation album and four singles.
According to Nielsen SoundScan, So Real had sold about 950,000 copies in the United States, by June 2009.
The band released two gold-certified singles "Kiss Shite" and "Saiai" in 2007 and 2008 respectively.
The album only spawned one chart single with its title track.
D12, an American hip-hop group, has released two studio albums and five singles.
Later that year, Mustaine fired Young and Behler and replaced them with guitarist Marty Friedman and drummer Nick Menza.
1 on the Gospel chart, the first Christian hip hop album to do so.
It also peaked within the top ten in Ireland.
After signing with Hollywood Records, Lovato released her debut solo single, "Get Back", which peaked at number forty-three in the United States.
A greatest hits album, This Is Music: The Singles 92–98, was released in 2004, and the group reformed again in 2007.
The original line-up were Tim Freedman on keyboards and lead vocals, Andy Lewis on double bass and Stevie Plunder on guitar.
This is the discography for singer-songwriter The-Dream.
The discography of Diana Vickers, a British singer-songwriter, consists of two studio albums, one extended play, and seven singles.
In 1998, Tiësto released the Magik series through Black Hole and created two major sub-labels, In Trance We Trust and SongBird.
Arjona released his debut album, Déjame Decir Que Te Amo, in 1985.
Grinderman and Grinderman 2 were moderate commercial successes, charting in a number of countries within the first week of their releases.
Joe Hahn and Dave Farrell were later recruited, and in 1999, Chester Bennington became a member, staying with the band until his death in 2017.
As of August 2010, the Rouge have sold approximately 6 million records.
Bum Rush the Show, in February 1987; it peaked at number 125 on the United States Billboard 200.
In 2006, Massive Attack released Collected, a compilation of the group's singles and music videos.
The pair first collaborated on the track "Pass Out" which having been released in February 2010 topped the UK chart; also reaching number six in Ireland.
In 2002, Latifah released her first greatest hits compilation titled, She's the Queen: A Collection of Hits through Motown Records.
The song charted in several countries, but didn't match the success from his previous singles on the album.
It also peaked at number one in Canada, in addition to reaching numbers four and twenty in Australia and New Zealand, respectively.
Currently signed with independent label Carved Records, the band has put out four major label albums.
The song also peaked at number one in Ireland, number two in Australia, New Zealand and Switzerland.
The project amounted to the albums 25 O'Clock and Psonic Psunspot.
One single was released, "When in Rome," but it failed to chart.
Bikini Kill later signed with the independent record label Kill Rock Stars and released its eponymous debut EP in October 1992.
In 2009, Taylor released her first mixtape, From a Planet Called Harlem, which included her debut single "Google Me".
In 2008, Sinclair collaborated with French recording artist M. Pokora in the song "They Talk Shit About Me", as Verse.
The discography of Children of Bodom, a five-piece melodic death metal band from Espoo, Finland.
It peaked at number one on the US Billboard 200, as well as charting to number on the Australian albums chart.
On 23 July 2007 Chicane released his third studio album, Somersault on his own record label, Modena.
He was inducted into the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Hall of Fame in 1990 and received a Kennedy Center Honor in 1987.
The discography of the Serbian new wave/post-punk band Šarlo Akrobata, consists of one studio albums, one single and one featured compilation album.
HIM is internationally one of the most commercially successful Finnish bands of all time, with sales of over 6 million records.
The band went through frequent personnel changes.
45 on the US Billboard Dance Chart.
Minogue released three additional albums with PWL.
Libra, the first album release through them, debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified gold by the RIAA.
The band was formed in 1999, by Chris Jericho and Rich Ward.
The band's second album, Born to Quit, was released in 1994 through Johann's Face.
He has been living in England since the 1960s, and continues to release new solo material.
Their lyrics focus on personal themes such as unrequited love.
It was common practice in the music industry prior to 1967 for British releases to be reconfigured for the American market.
The last music video collection released by Newton-John, to date, is the musical-style Olivia Down Under.
Chatmonchy has been active in the music industry since their local debut in 2004.
He has also released one music video album and over 60 music videos, the details of which are included in his videography.
Gillian Gilbert, who was Morris' girlfriend at the time, soon joined the group and played guitar and keyboards.
Espósito's debut album, A Bailar, was released on March 21, 2014.
The latter has released three full CDs, a DVD, and a recent track on a Hypnos compilation CD.
McCreery released his first single "I Love You This Big" after his win on May 25, 2011.
The discography of Japanese musician Angela Aki consists of seven studio albums, two compilation albums, one extended play, thirteen singles and five video albums.
Jason Newsted was hired as a replacement.
His first solo album, Measure of a Man, debuted at number one on the Billboard 200.
Kingston's second album, Tomorrow; was released on September 22, 2009.
As the "Second Messengers" lineup stabilized they spent a stint on RCA sub-label Vik, interspersed with one-off recordings release on Cadet Records, Jubilee Records and Atlantic.
For the next few years, Lumidee was not in the mainstream music industry in the US, instead veering more towards reggaeton and dancehall music.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Napalm Death, an influential English grindcore/death metal band.
The following is the discography for the South Korean dance-pop girl group 4Minute.
"Habataku Mirai" was the first release by Eufonius to chart on the Japanese Oricon charts, peaking at No.
2, with a remix single following on September 25.
The song has brought total sales of 15 million copies worldwide, therefore making it one of the best-selling digital singles of all time.
Then another single was released, "Just Put Your Hand In Mine", on July 21, 2003.
Despite a huge promotional campaign, Beckham was outsold eight to one, and her single debuted at number 6.
The discography of South Korean boy band VIXX, formed by Jellyfish Entertainment consists of three studio albums, four extended plays, ten single albums and twenty-three singles.
Originally a backing vocalist, Sasha started his career as the chorus voice for cirtual eurodance projects and rap acts such as Sir Prize and Der Wolf.
Latter became the band's lowest-charting effort; it reached number ten on the German Albums Chart.
Gaye recorded more than thirty hit singles for Motown throughout the 1960s, becoming established as "the Prince of Motown".
Kevin Fowler is an American Texas Country artist.
Kid Rock has released ten studio albums, one compilation album, two extended plays and one live album.
The single was first released in the UK in late 1989, where it peaked at #65.
The discography of American singer-songwriter Kimberley Locke consists of three studio albums, one extended play, sixteen singles and six music videos.
71 on the UK Singles Chart in July 2009 following download sales resulting from the song's use in a cellphone commercial.
Since late 2010, Velasquez has co-hosted a morning radio show with Doug Griffin.
The greatest hits album was estimated sales figures for 1.000.000 copies and certified multi-platinum album, same like her 2009 studio album.
Chris Moore replaced Johnson in the period of 2009–2010; however, Johnson was later reunited with the band in 2010.
Opeth was formed in 1990 by vocalist David Isberg.
See Trans-Siberian Orchestra, Jon Oliva's Pain, Circle II Circle, Chris Caffery and Doctor Butcher for other related works.
The song became a million-certified single by the Recording Industry Association of Japan.
This is a detailed discography of Doug Sahm.
This is the discography of American R&B/soul vocal group The O'Jays.
It also includes his work under his Nekropolis moniker as well as his collaborative efforts with other musicians.
The following album, Enema of the State, was met with more commercial success, reaching top ten positions in several countries, including the United States.
They released their self-titled debut album in 1989; which had the single hit "Dil Dil Pakistan".
She released her first solo album Heart to Yours, during the hiatus of Destiny's Child, making her the first member of the band to do so.
This material, along with reissues of his career catalogue, has been released over the years in several formats by various producers and record companies.
The lead single, "In My Pocket", peaked at number eleven in Australia and in turn was certified Gold by the ARIA.
He has contributed to several albums of other musicians, including Andrea Bocelli's greatest hits album, The Best of Andrea Bocelli: Vivere.
The first single from the album, "Only the Horses", charted highly in several countries.
Left and Leaving was released in July 2000, through G7 Welcoming Committee in Canada and Sub City in the United States.
At the age of nineteen, she won the third season of American Idol, earning a record deal with 19 Entertainment and J Records.
One year later, her sixth album Sexy as Hell was released, and subsequently charted within the top ten on the Austrian, German and Swiss album charts.
In its first week, + debuted at No.
Over a career spanning forty years, Santana has been seen as exemplifying latin rock, whilst diversifying into other genres.
Antics was certified Gold in the United Kingdom, Australia and the United States.
Spending 13 weeks on the country albums chart, it peaked at number 32 and also charted within the Billboard 200.
The discography of T-Pain, an American R&B singer, songwriter record producer and rapper, consists of four studio albums, forty-two singles, five mixtapes, and thirty-six music videos.
The song was considerably less successfully and charted in a handful of countries only.
Two years later, the group released Experimental Jet Set, Trash and No Star, and Washing Machine the following year.
The band's current line-up is Imre Poniklo, Oleg ''Tooff'' Zubkov, Tamás Faragó and Bence Bátor.
During the end of the Final Straw Tour of 2003–2005, founding bassist Mark McClelland was fired.
In July 2008, LMFAO released the EP Party Rock.
The release of her debut album, To Hebe, established her as a solo artist.
En Éxtasis became a huge commercial success in over 25 countries around the world.
Johnson has also released seventeen solo singles and eight solo music videos.
It spawned three singles "Cuéntale", "Libertad", and "Te He Querido, Te He Llorado".
"Without Me" debuted at number 74 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Japanese composer Joe Hisaishi has released 25 studio albums, 13 compilation albums, and 83 soundtrack albums.
The discography of American rapper Mac Miller consists of four studio albums, two extended plays, eleven mixtapes, sixteen singles, one promotional single and twenty-nine music videos.
It was certified seven-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, denoting shipments of over seven million copies in the United States.
This is the discography of Serbian and Yugoslav rock band YU Grupa.
Battle Studies followed in November 2009, topping the Billboard 200 and being certified platinum by the RIAA.
The band was formed in 2005 after Jon McClure,, created the band after fronting two in the past, '1984' and 'Judan Suki'.
These songs included "Schlampenfieber", "Nur einmal noch", "Lachen", "Der Moment", "Die Schlampen sind müde" and "Königin".
Calvin Goldspink and Frankie Sandford, two members of the group, released a further single entitled "Dreaming".
The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 chart and topped the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Their creative output includes several albums, singles, music videos, compilations as well as having albums pay tribute by other artists.
and "Jealous Girls", were released from the album: "Standing in the Way of Control" peaked at number seven in the UK and number 25 in Ireland.
1 in the UK, Ireland, the US, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Germany, Finland, Denmark, Switzerland and Norway.
The band's big break came in 2009 with the release of the award winning album Among the Vultures.
American singer and songwriter Kacey Musgraves has released two major-label studio albums and six singles.
The discography of Eternal, a British pop music group, consists of four studio albums, five compilation album, one remix album and nineteen singles on EMI Records.
The Heartbreaks are a British alternative rock band formed in Morecambe, Lancashire in 2009.
Absolution Tour, a live video filmed on the Absolution promotional cycle, reached number 9 on the UK Music Video Chart.
1 singles in the United States on Billboard Hot 100 were "Who Can It Be Now?"
On the R&B singles chart, the group scored a record 71 Top 40 singles, with 14 of those reaching #1.
The discography of Jeru the Damaja, an American hip hop musician, consists of five studio albums, one extended play and nineteen singles.
The band released Holy War in 2015, and is planning to release Dear Desolation in August 2017.
American singer and songwriter Mary J. Blige began her career as a backing vocalist for Father MC in the early 1990s.
Their fourth album, Take Off Your Pants and Jacket, reached the number-one spot in the United States, Canada, and Germany.
Formed in 2004, their members currently consist of David Sanchez, Mike Leon, Pete Webber, and Reece Scruggs.
The discography of South Korean artist Wheesung consists of six studio albums and seven EP singles.
Their discography comprises twelve studio albums, two greatest hits albums and thirty-eight singles.
In 2006 Matsu released "Minna Hitori", another top-10 hit.
It was certified Diamond in France and Poland.
The Paul Kelly Band was formed in 1983, however by late 1984, Kelly had disbanded this group.
He has sold over 40 million albums in the US since 1991 when Nielsen SoundScan began tracking sales for Billboard.
Their second studio album, Donde Quiera Que Estes reached the top 20 on Billboard's Latin charts.
It did not appear on any national charts.
After 25 years, the band is still recording music and performing.
One studio album, Blue, was recorded, but remains officially unreleased.
Owens continued to record under Capitol until his contract expired in 1975 with the release of 41st Street Lonely Heart's Club.
The Mickey Gilley discography sets out albums and singles from 1964 to 2010.
Her first Decca release was 1961's "I Fall to Pieces," which was recorded during her first session for the label.
The album marked a change of direction towards a more industrial sound, being regarded as Prong's "most varied record."
It was followed by the second promotional single "Dance Bailalo", which became a major hit on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart.
On 22 March 2010, it was announced that the third single would be "Love Dealer" featuring Justin Timberlake.
Heaven also made her the only female artist in OPM history to have five Top 5 singles from an album.
This article catalogues the releases of the American band Electric Six.
To this day, his Pink Floyd songs are used frequently on the band's various compilations.
She is known for her high and raspy voice.
The band officially disbanded in 1986 after the Hit n Run – Parade Tour, which supported Parade, the soundtrack for Under the Cherry Moon.
The Make-Up released records through many independent record labels, most notable among them were Dischord Records, K Records, Southern Records, and their own Black Gemini Records.
Five different singles were released from the album, with the most successful being "Graffiti", which peaked at #15 in the UK Singles Chart in May 2005.
Two young and talented photographers based in Switzerland Shpend Salihu and Basil Stücheli translated her vision into art.
On 28 April 2015, the band unveiled a new song called "Never Let You Go", which was the lead single from the album.
Born to Fly reached number six on the Top Country Albums chart and the top-sixty of the Billboard 200.
Night of Hunters was released in September 2011, through the Deutsche Grammophon label, the classical music division of Universal Music Group.
The group's albums were produced by Conny Plank, who has been regarded as the group's "hidden member".
Later singles "Vermilion" and "Before I Forget" also registered on both charts.
The show was produced by Edit 2 Productions .
Much of LiSA's music has been used for theme songs of anime in Japan.
The final two singles from Revolution were "Only Prettier" and "Heart Like Mine", the latter has become Miranda's second number one hit.
Secret's first music video to receive attention in South Korea was "Magic" and became one of their popular songs because of its choreography.
Backbone is the fifth studio album by Australian pop singer Anthony Callea.
On March 25, 2016, Jonas released the lead single from his third studio album, "Close", featuring vocals by Tove Lo.
Its accompanying studio album T spawned six top-five singles on the Oricon.
In 1994 they issued their debut album Parables for Wooden Ears, which did not reach the ARIA Albums Chart.
Natasha Bedingfield's debut album, Unwritten, was released in the United Kingdom in September 2004.
American singer Romeo Santos has released three studio albums and one live album.
They returned in 2005 with The Road to Here, which was released on Equity Music Group.
Both peaked in the top five of the Billboard 200 and were later certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
It includes 6 studio albums, 10 singles and 20 music videos.
The album spawned two top-ten singles, "This Time I Know It's for Real" and "Happenin' All Over Again".
In 2013, Rui En was appointed the spokesperson for L'Oréal Paris Youth Code, making her the first Singaporean spokesperson for the international cosmetics brand.
The band next moved to Vagrant Records, releasing From Here to Infirmary in 2001.
Meshuggah is a Swedish experimental metal and death metal quintet formed in 1987 in Umeå.
'90", "Heal the Pain" and "Cowboys and Angels".
The demo caught the attention of Johny Zazula, who signed Metallica to Megaforce Records.
The band subsequently toured and played festivals across Australasia, the United States and Asia.
Pantera formed in the early 1980s and released four studio albums in their early years through its own record label, Metal Magic Records.
The following is a discography of Japanese noise group Hijōkaidan.
Thanks to these singles, his albums Sunlight and Feets, Don't Fail Me Now earned good popular success, especially in Europe.
Prince's first compilation album, The Hits/The B-Sides included the top-40 hits "Pink Cashmere" and "Peach", while his 1994 album Come scored the hits "Letitgo" and "Space".
To date, The Offspring has sold over 36 million albums worldwide.
"Enough of No Love" peaked at #84 on the Billboard Hot 100, and #7 on the R&B chart.
In 1984 Collins participated in Bob Geldof's Band Aid charity project, and played drums in the Band Aid single "Do They Know It's Christmas?".
The album did well on the charts, reaching number two and going platinum in the UK, while peaking at the fourth spot in the US.
His debut album's lead single "3500", featuring Future and 2 Chainz, peaked at number 82 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
This is the discography of the Christian contemporary group Jump5.
Work began in 2011 on a second studio album, titled Heartbreak on Hold - was released on the 4 June 2012.
Kuraki debuted in 1999, while she was still in high school, through Giza Studio.
However, it was with the albums of collection Xou da Xuxa, who have had significant sales that she achieved success.
"A Million Lights" was certified Gold in the United Kingdom for shipments of 100,000 copies.
"Galaxy", the final single from Get 'Em Girls, features Australian recording artist Stan Walker.
The discography of Japanese singer Masayuki Suzuki includes 14 studio, 6 compilation, 4 cover albums, a live album, 10 video albums, and 36 singles.
However, the single was most successful in Japan where it peaked at number forty-nine on the Japan Hot 100.
They have released five studio albums, ten singles, two DVD videos and one BD.
The album debuted and peaked at #9 on the Billboard 200, with first week sales of 129,000.
Maguire's first release came on 18 October 2010, when "Ain't Nobody" was released in the United Kingdom through Polydor Records.
He released two albums, named Give Me Your Heart and Tonight's The Night in September and October respectively.
In the 2000s, with the original line up back together, the band found new popularity after a successful greatest hits reunion tour in 1999.
It was released on 2 December 2012 along with music videos to support the release prior to the release.
In 2015, Silence in the Snow was released.
Her increased popularity led to a contract with Mylène Farmer and Laurent Boutonnat, her ex-mentors signing a contract with Polydor Records a division of Universal Records.
This is the discography of Blitzen Trapper, an American rock band, centered in Portland, Oregon.
"Harder Than You Think", the album's third single, peaked at number four in the UK; it became the group's first top ten single in the country.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Underoath, an American Christian metalcore band.
Straight No Chaser went on to debut at number 25 on the UK Album Charts.
She released a live album, Last Date in 1982.
On 25 January 2000, Ségara released her second album, Au Nom d'une Femme, which achieved more success and remained her most successful album.
In 2008 a single that had been recorded secretly, "Lirih", was released.
She also had six chart-topping hits on the now-defunct Billboard Korea K-Pop Hot 100, becoming the artist with the most number-one songs on the chart.
Seven of his albums have achieved Diamond status in the US and his worldwide sales are estimated at 150 million records.
Xuxa entered four times in the list of the best selling of all time Brazil albums, occupying the positions number 2, 5, 6 and 8 ranking.
in 2000 and it became a commercial success selling 9 million copies worldwide.
All this led to the band being voted at number nine in the "Most Promising for 2007" category in the Hot Press Readers Poll.
They've been signed with EMI and then later Dolores Recordings.
Despite backlash from the media, the album debuted at number 88 on the Billboard 200.
Their first full-length album, Noble released in 2008, was also released in North America in 2009.
Following the album's success, the band announced they had signed with major record label Universal Republic.
The band's debut album Superfly was released three months later and debuted at the top of the Japanese Oricon albums chart.
In September 2005, Jonas released his eponymous debut studio album Nicholas Jonas.
In 2009, she collaborated with Enrique Iglesias on the top-ten hit "Takin' Back My Love".
The follow-up singles "I Can Only Imagine", "She Wolf" and "Just One Last Time" also experienced commercial success.
B.o.B released his second studio album, Strange Clouds, on May 1, 2012.
The album included several tracks produced by Marshall Altman, and was recorded in Los Angeles and Nashville.
The album was preceded by the lead single, "Bossy".
The album reached number two on the UK Albums Chart and was certified double platinum by the British Phonographic Industry.
The discography of Japanese rock band The Brilliant Green consists of five studio albums, compilation album and 20 singles.
This was followed in 1999 by her first EP, released under Querbes Service in 1999; two of its songs would later appear on her debut album.
Though signed to Definitive Jux in early 2007, the self-proclaimed "prolific producer/MC" never released an album with the label.
She has 10 Australian number-one hits, 7 UK number-ones and 11 UK number-twos.
At least one found promo album; "RIP AND TEAR" PRO 740-1.
named it the second best album of 2009.
"Bad, Bad Leroy Brown" achieved great success, reaching the No.
His next album, Percik Pesona, was a critical and commercial failure, leading Chrisye to stop his work with Jockie.
It was certified Gold in the US by the RIAA on November 17, 2011.
The music videos are from Two of a Kind soundtrack, starring Newton-John.
Isis remained with this lineup until their dissolution.
In 2012, Skepta released two singles from his fourth forthcoming album.
This page includes the videography of Reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel.
All singles managed to reach the top ten of the domestic charts.
In 2008, Ito released her second album Wish, followed by Dream in 2009.
Thorne's first single, "Watch Me", was released on June 21 featuring Zendaya and reaching 86 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 charts.
In 2003, The Wind in the Willows was listed at number 16 in the BBC's survey The Big Read.
Kelly's next album was to be a fourth album in the 12 Play series, 12 Play: Fourth Quarter, but it was shelved.
2 on the Billboard 200, her highest album entry to date.
Their debut EP Somebody to You entered the top 10 of the US Billboard 200.
It produced the single "Undone", which served as the theme song for American comedy film Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed in German-speaking Europe.
The album spawned three top ten hits: "Believe," "Wasurenai Hibi" and "Sweetness."
SHeDAISY is an American country music group composed of sisters Kassidy, Kelsi and Kristyn Osborn.
This is the discography of the Canadian rock band Theory of a Deadman.
AKA Jim Kerr which spawned three singles "Shadowland", "Refugee" and "She Fell In Love With Silence".
The rapper released single "Flying High" on 12 November 2010 which acts as a promotional/warm up single for the second studio album supposedly named Transition.
The third single released was "Angel in the Night" followed by fourth single "I Miss You".
In May 2011, Omaji independently released his debut album, Welcome, which included the promotional single "Save the Dancefloor".
An additional twenty-eight of the band's songs have reached the Top 40 on various charts worldwide.
In late 2004, TVXQ signed with Japan's Avex Group to launch their Japanese music career.
The 2004 album 12 Discípulos is regarded as "the greatest reggaetón various artist album of all time".
Steve Winwood has sold over 7 million records in the United States alone, according to the Recording Industry Association of America.
The Script released their debut self-titled studio album, The Script, in 2008.
The group is composed of eight members: Taeyeon, Sunny, Tiffany, Hyoyeon, Yuri, Sooyoung, Yoona and Seohyun.
They have approximately sold over 2.5 million records worldwide.
Two years later in 2006, Ciara returned with her second album, Ciara: The Evolution.
Lennon also released one live album and three singles under his own name prior to the announcement of the break-up of the Beatles.
MBLAQ have been in the music business ever since making their live debut on Mnet's M!
The city is located approximately 14 mi north of Toledo, Ohio and 25 mi south of Detroit.
The discography of German girl group No Angels consists of five studio albums, three compilation albums, two live albums, four video albums and seventeen singles.
When You're Strange, is a documentary about The Doors written and directed by Tom DiCillo and narrated by Johnny Depp.
In July 2009, three of the members – later known as JYJ – left the group's Korean agency S.M.
The discography of Norwegian band Katzenjammer consists of three studio albums, one live album, one extended play, nine singles, one video album and six music videos.
A Public Affair has sold just over 500,000 copies in the US and spawned three singles.
Bush was the sixth Snoop's solo album to debut at number one on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
The album received Gold certificate for selling more than one million copies on June.
Likewise it had a number 1 song, "The Baby", and featured two other Top 40 singles.
This was the first major professional sports championship a Denver-based team would bring to the city.
The Michael Martin Murphey discography consists of 33 albums and 46 singles.
Felumlee then left and Derek Grant became the band's new permanent drummer.
In the United Kingdom, they are ranked as the seventh top-selling albums artist on the official record chart of the 1970s.
68 on the Billboard 200 albums chart in the US, No.
The discography of Australian indie pop band Sheppard consists of one studio album, one extended play, ten singles and eight music videos.
For Series 5 - the final series on BBC - Boy George and Paloma Faith joined the panel, replacing Ora and Sir Tom Jones.
In 1979 they directed their first music video for their own single "An Englishman in New York".
Don't Forget has sold over 520,000 copies in the United States and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
They initially released a demo EP in 1991 called 72826.
In 1998 His Next studio album MP Da Last Don also topped the US Billboard 200 at number one, making it Master P's second number one.
The band had their first recordings released in 1981, on the Paket aranžman omnibus showcase album which also featured songs from Idoli and Šarlo Akrobata.
Three singles were released from Train; the album's second single, "Meet Virginia", peaked at number 20 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Native, the band's third album, was released in March 2013.
Buckcherry is a Grammy-nominated hard rock band from Anaheim, California, formed in 1995.
The Austrian band Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung released sixteen studio albums, one live album, one extended play and forty-one singles since their foundation in 1978.
Steve uses the guitar frequently, both live and in the studio.
Her twelfth studio album and first with Garth Brooks debuted at number one on the Top Country Albums list, Christmas Together.
The last such separation of the islands was in 2007 and the two islands are again connected as of April 2, 2015.
The album was preceded by the lead single "Can't Touch It", which peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified platinum.
The editors of About.com ranked him No.
Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, "Cowboy Man".
On 20 September 2013, Icona Pop released their second studio album, a revised edition of Icona Pop, This Is... Icona Pop.
He got a call from them within a week and they offered him a contract to sing for them.
In addition to their three-full-length albums, the Nation of Ulysses released two vinyl EPs.
In March, 2010, Broadrick announced that he felt Jesu had strayed further away from the guitar driven music that he had intended, and more into electronica.
This article includes the discography of American duo Daryl Hall & John Oates.
His single "Home" became the highest selling coronation single from the Idol winners in the show's history.
Jay-Z's sixth studio album The Blueprint, released in September 2001, became controversial for including lyrics attacking other New York City rappers.
In addition, Smith released her third Gospel album in 1971 entitled Come Along and Walk with Me.
Its title track was a #1 country hit, and the other singles released including "Let's Go to Vegas" and "Someone Else's Dream" were Top 10 hits.
The album peaked at number 16 on the Billboard 200 and produced a minor Australian chart hit, "Pretty Fly for a Rabbi".
Following a short break, the group released "Being Nobody", a mashup of Chaka Khan's "Ain't Nobody" and The Human League's "Being Boiled".
In 1996, the band released its fifth studio album, Down on the Upside; while successful, the album could not emulate the precedent set by Superunknown.
Never Shout Never released their first studio album What Is Love?
Space Cowboy is known to be the DJ for Lady Gaga.
A limited edition EP, entitled Òran Mór Session, was self-released by the band in late October 2014 and made available only at the band's tour dates.
The discography for country singer Randy Houser consists of four studio albums, eleven singles, and nine music videos.
The album reached number two in the UK and number three on the US Dance/Electronic Albums chart.
After a brief spell recording as Electrafixion with former Echo & the Bunnymen guitarist Will Sergeant, the pair reformed Echo & the Bunnymen in 1997.
It peaked at number twenty-eight on the Billboard 200 and featured three Top 40 singles on the Billboard Hot 100, including "All You Wanted".
As of May 2015, the album has sold 104,000 copies in the United States.
The band's first two albums, were released by Brassland Records.
Due to illness, Miharu Arisawa has retired.
The album peaked at number six on the country albums chart and certified gold in the United States.
This is the discography of German techno band, Scooter.
As with her previous release, the record was distributed via Sony BMG and supervised by Kocáb.
It produced Top 10 singles with "How Do I Make You" and the scorching "Hurt So Bad".
The discography of VNV Nation, a British electronic music project, consists of nine studio albums, two compilation album, three extended plays, and twelve singles.
In the 19-minute music video for "Bad"—directed by Martin Scorsese—Jackson began using sexual imagery and choreography not previously seen in his work.
Two years later, they followed up with Festivals of Atonement, an EP released through their own Anubis Records label.
Norwegian singing and songwriting duo Nico & Vinz has released one studio album, thirteen singles and one mixtape.
The band has sold over 1.3 million albums in the United States and over 5 million albums worldwide and are the most-successful act in the Kerrang!
In 1971 he signed with Epic Records and stayed with the label for over 10 years.
Their first EP Hippity Hop was released in August 2012 to limited success.
He performed in guest spots for other artists in Ice Cube's "Natural Born Killaz" and 2Pac's "California Love".
In 2010, it was believed that she might still be recording an album after the long wait.
In 2001, Simpson released her second studio effort, titled Irresistible, which failed to match the success of Sweet Kisses.
This was followed by a solo album, Milkwhite Sheets, which spawned the single "O Love Is Teasin'".
"The Other Two" can also refer to an Edith Wharton short story.
Lead single "Nightmare" topped the Billboard Heatseekers Songs chart, while third single "So Far Away" became the band's first to top the Mainstream Rock chart.
It ranked 43 weeks in the top 10, a total topped by only one country album in history, Ropin' the Wind by Garth Brooks.
Her second album, Emotions, was released a year later and sold eight million copies worldwide.
In February 2013 he released "Worry About You" as the second single from A Place I Go, the song features vocals from Kano.
She has released a total of 41 solo singles throughout her career.
Following Abbruzzese's exit in 1994, original Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Jack Irons joined the band.
However, they reformed for yet another new album, Cast in Steel, which was released in 2015.
The core of the discography is the first two original soundtrack albums, one for Little Busters!
The album peaked at number 14 in Germany, and it charted at No.
Another single from this album, "Dumb Things" was released in 1988 in Australia, and the US.
This is the discography of Xzibit, an American rapper.
After several personnel changes, the group disbanded in 1985, but a new line-up emerged in the 2000s, again led by vocalist Steve Strange.
This event did much to raise the band's profile.
The group earned another double million seller, in 1993 through "Yah Yah Yah".
Ladysmith Black Mambazo's first release Amabutho sold over 25,000 copies and became the first release in South Africa by black musicians to receive gold status.
Eufonius released three albums in 2011: their independent album Bezel, Aletheia released on Team Entertainment, and Phonon released on GloryHeaven.
One single from the album "Minuet", made the Radio & Records CHR/Pop Tracks chart at number 48 in October 1998.
Later that year, her debut single, "What're You Doing Tonight", reached the top-forty on the country songs chart.
In 1994, she also released The Freedom Sessions with alternative versions of her songs from Fumbling Towards Ecstasy.
In 2015, Harrison released a second Valentine's Day EP Love Elevation Suite to commemorate her 17th Anniversary in the entertainment industry via iTunes.
Since 2015, Marriage Records has been based primarily in Los Angeles, CA under the management of Jimmy Leslie of White Fang, a longtime Marriage collaborator.
The band currently consists of singer Rob Halford, bassist Ian Hill, guitarists Glenn Tipton and Richie Faulkner, and drummer Scott Travis.
They were widely known as Pakistan's first and most successful pop band and were given the title "pioneers of pop music".
In January 2009, they started producing their third album, released in August, Hot Mess.
It was recorded over two nights at the Wuhlheide Venue, and issued on both CD and DVD formats.
Steve Vai is an American guitar player, songwriter and producer.
Their next studio album, 2008's 3 Doors Down, also reached number one on the Billboard 200.
The single was released as a double A-side with the track "Electron".
Rolo Tomassi is a British mathcore band.
By 1995, Carey released her fourth studio album, Daydream, which became her second Diamond certified album by the RIAA, with worldwide sales of 20 million copies.
Beginning with AkustiChrisye in 1996, Chrisye's next several albums were arranged by Erwin Gutawa.
The discography of British-Australian singer-songwriter Reece Mastin consists of three studio albums, one extended play, one DVD, nine singles and nine music videos.
The band returned to the number-one position on the Australian Albums Chart in 2006 with their fourth album, State of Emergency.
Richard's sales of singles within the UK itself make him the highest selling British male solo artist of singles, of all time.
"Daughters" later won the award for Song of the Year at the 47th Grammy Awards.
In 1978, a standoff resulted in the death of one police officer, injuries to several other people, and life sentences for nine members.
The album's last single, "Smoke a Little Smoke", peaked at #16.
Currently, Brown is recording tracks for a new album and one of the producers behind the album was Darkchild.
and went to number two on the UK Albums Chart with their debut album, The Smiths.
The song was included on the Revisited reissue of Handwritten.
He is most known as the creator of progressive metal/rock opera Ayreon.
In 2002, Telstar Records signed Beckham in a deal made with 19 Management worth £1.5 million.
In his career, Bow Wow has had three top ten hits on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Her debut single, "Replay" was released on July 16, 2013, produced by Mick Schultz and written by Tiffany Fred and Paul "Phamous" Shelton.
The album, produced by Daniel Lanois, debuted at number 96 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Rudess's first work was Scenes from a Memory, a concept album that followed the story of a murder mystery.
It peaked at number 1 on the Swedish Albums Chart.
This is a listing of official releases by Lady Saw, a Jamaican Reggae and Dancehall singer.
The discography of American singer-songwriter Kevin Rudolf, consists of three studio albums, seven singles and eight music videos.
This is a listing of discography from the group ZOEgirl.
1, was released on December 10, 2013 and features the single "All Alright", which was released on April 28, 2014.
The following is a list of releases by Finger Eleven.
This page presents the albums and singles discography of Filipino Multi-Awarded Singer, Recording Artist, Composer, and Arranger, Gary Valenciano.
This is also Snoop's final album on Death Row Records, under the name of Snoop Doggy Dogg.
This is a listing of official releases by Yahzarah, an American R&B singer.
Waits has also released one video album and 11 music videos.
It spawned an extended mix of the number two pop hit, "How Do I Live", which brought Rimes to crossover pop stardom.
It debuted at number one in Canada's Top 200 all-genre albums chart and Top 100 Country albums chart, being immediately certified Gold.
Piper's debut studio album, Honey to the B, was released in May 1999.
Following is the discography of the New Orleans, Louisiana-based rock band Cowboy Mouth.
The Come Up, his debut mixtape, was released on May 4, 2007 to positive reception.
Lohner performed only one track on the album before he was replaced by James Iha, formerly of The Smashing Pumpkins.
In 2003, Rowland made her big screen debut in the slasher film Freddy vs. Jason, a crossover film directed by Ronny Yu.
That year she also began to record solo material and placed several demos on the social networking service Myspace.
Receiving mixed reviews from music critics, it experienced minor commercial success, and thus became the lowest-selling record of her career.
Their fifth album, Vulture Street, was released in 2003, and became their third number-one album; it was six times platinum for 420,000 copies.
English singer and songwriter Lily Allen has released three studio albums, two extended plays, 20 singles, two promotional singles and 21 music videos.
After a three year hiatus working on solo projects, the group reunited to record their fourth and final studio album, Destiny Fulfilled, released in November 2004.
They won the Pop Corn Music Award for Best Group in 2002.
The Mint Chicks were a New Zealand experimental noise rock/power pop band, active from 2001 to 2010, originally based in Auckland and later in Portland, USA.
His discography comprises eight studio albums, one compilation album, one live album and sixteen singles.
See also the Loggins and Messina discography.
Five years later, the band reunited for a new album and tour.
The album charted in Canada and the United States and was certified platinum in Canada and gold in the US.
Overseas, the song "Headphones" was promoted as her second single in the United Kingdom.
The album's title track was their fourth Number One single on the pop charts, as well as their highest certified single, being certified Platinum.
The first project, Emancipation was a 3-LP set licensed to EMI later in 1996.
Her most personal and experimental album to date Impossible Princess was released in 1997.
Ballads from the Revolution followed in 1998, and Operation Phoenix in 1999.
He was the founder and frontman for Temple of the Dog, the one-off tribute band dedicated to his former roommate, Andrew Wood.
She has sold more than 7 million units in the country and 1.5 million albums in other Asian countries.
That year, he also appeared on a number of collaborative singles.
This article presents the discography of all albums and singles released by the American pop rock group The Partridge Family.
American recording artist Alicia Keys has appeared in numerous music videos.
In 2006, she appeared as guest on Horáček's follow-up project, Strážce plamene.
Four years later, Def Leppard released the studio/cover album, Yeah!, which included covers by Thin Lizzy and The Kinks.
In May 2014, Eminem was announced as the most streamed artist of all time on Spotify.
The album sold 1.2 million copies in Australia, and over 4 million worldwide.
During the Cockettes' critically panned tour of New York City, Sylvester left them to pursue his career elsewhere.
Also In 2006, Miller released the soundtrack to his movie God's Gift, it was his first album released under his name changed to Romeo.
Despite not being an immediate success, Queen gained popularity in Britain with their second self-titled album in 1974.
His replacement, Blaze Bayley, debuted in 1995 with The X Factor, "a lackluster" album that marked a decline in the band's career.
She debuted as a musician in 2004 under the label Columbia Music Entertainment, releasing ten albums with the company.
In September 2013, Timberlake released the second half of the project, The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2.
Martin recorded his first single, "Which Way Did My Heart Go" / "All of Me", for the small Diamond Records in July 1946.
On July 30, 2008, Amuro released her first greatest hits album, Best Fiction, since transitioning to R&B music.
El Dorado is Shakira's eleventh studio album, which featured the international hits "Chantaje" and "La Bicicleta", was released in May 2017.
World Youth Day was initiated by Pope John Paul II in 1985.
He departed after two years to become Iron Maiden's lead vocalist.
The second and final single from the album, "Stranded", did not fare as well, peaking at number 27.
Stage One is the debut album by Paul, released on 28 March 2000.
She was the winner on the fifth season of The X Factor Australia in 2013, and subsequently received a contract with Sony Music Australia.
* Not counting two special singles that were intended for limited distribution only.
The single "Everyday" became a top twenty hit in Canada.
This is a discography for Japanese pop group, Speed.
Influenced by the new wave and punk rock of the late 1970s, the record enjoyed success in the United Kingdom with sales of over 2 million.
The album spawned three other top ten hits, "Regrets", "Je t'aime mélancolie", and "Beyond My Control".
The album reached number 17 on the Billboard Top New Artist Albums, and number 25 on the Hard Rock Albums.
This is a discography of electronic musician Bryn Jones as E.g Oblique Graph and Muslimgauze.
The discography of James Bourne, an English singer-songwriter.
He helped give androgyny an international stage with the success of Culture Club during the 1980s.
Little Green Cars are an Indie rock band from Dublin, Ireland.
2011 saw the release of a new single, the band's first new music for eleven years, before Butler retired in 2012.
Additionally, they announced that a limited edition 7" of the album's first single "The House That Heaven Built" would be released on May 15, 2012.
His first album was released in 2000 under Telarc International Corporation.
The young artist would later sign to Interscope Records to little fanfare in the wake of Where Is Danny?
Later in his life, he wrote the music and lyrics for the 1985 Tony-award winning Broadway musical Big River, in which he acted.
Faith released her second album, Fall to Grace, on 28 May 2012.
The core of the discography is the original soundtrack album produced by Key Sounds Label in 2010.
It peaked at number three in Ireland, number seven in the UK and number sixteen in the US.
In 2001, the group changed their name to Emerson Drive, signed to DreamWorks Nashville and released the third album, Emerson Drive, and issued three singles.
The band released their fourth studio album Victorious in February 2016, which reached number 17 on the Australian Albums Chart.
On September 4, 2012, Lecrae released his sixth studio album, Gravity, which debuted at No.
The Orb's third studio album Orbus Terrarum was released in April 1995, charting at number twenty in the UK and producing the single "Oxbow Lakes".
The discography, of Raymond Cilliers a South-African gospel and contemporary Christian recording artist
The band then released a double album entitled The Afterman, set before the events of Year of the Black Rainbow.
American singer Omarion has released four studio albums, three collaborative albums, two extended plays, one mixtape and thirty singles.
His discography consists of six albums, including five for Warner Bros. Records.
Coverage, Moore's fourth studio album and her first cover album, was released in October 2003.
In countries with German-speaking populations, it was called Room 483; both names are translations of the group's German language albums.
Their style had changed from rave and breakbeat to more of an electronic rock style.
Zhao recorded this album in hopes of coping with the rumours about her.
The band's resulting debut studio album Game was a great success, becoming certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan.
Both songs received platinum certifications in the United States.
He has recorded as a solo artist and with several other groups, these include Soft Cell, Marc & the Mambas, The Willing Sinners and Flesh Volcano.
Their fifth studio album, The Golden Age of Grotesque, was a modest commercial success in their native US, debuting at No.
13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, No.
Four albums reached number one in the Billboard charts along with two number one singles.
Two further singles followed - "Kids in the Street" and "Heartbeat Slowing Down" - but both failed to chart.
The album contained the hit, "When I See U", which is Fantasia's biggest hit to date other than her Idol coronation single.
Her albums with Los Dinos on the indie labels failed to gain any chart success.
As of 2009, Cradle of Filth had sold about 800,000 albums in the United States and 4 million records worldwide.
Another single from the album, "Here Without You", reached number one on the Adult Pop Songs chart and was certified two times platinum by the RIAA.
Her fourth studio album, Year of the Wolf, followed in June 2011.
The discography consists of two studio albums, four extended plays, twelve singles and twelve music videos.
This song also managed to chart at number eleven in Denmark, her only song to chart outside of Sweden.
The band released its third album, Forever Now, in 1982.
In July 2012, after releasing two prior mixtapes, Haze released a mixtape Reservation online for free.
The discography of Veronica Maggio, a Swedish singer, consists of four studio albums and ten singles.
The second single, entitled "Bring Me Down", was a second Top 40 hit.
All three have also received Diamond song certifications from the RIAA, making her the first artist to accomplish such a feat.
It was followed by another two singles, "Decided to Break It" and "Shake Tramp".
She first began her career with videos posted onto popular video sharing website YouTube prior to being signed to Kemosabe Records.
Released in February 2009, Homesick charted at number 21 on the Billboard 200 chart and at number 1 on the Independent Albums chart.
The discography of Anjulie, a Canadian pop music singer-songwriter, consists of one studio album, nine singles and eight music videos.
Thirty-seven of their singles reached the Billboard Top 40 in the US, with four of them reaching #1.
O'Neal released his fourth album, Respect, in 1996.
In 1994, Apple signed a record deal with The Work Group and Columbia Records, and began recording material for her debut album Tidal.
Released on 15 April 2002, Piano Bar reached top ten in the European Francophone countries, and top forty elsewhere, including New Zealand.
His popularity continued long after his death with the release of numerous compilation albums and "new" material being portioned out sporadically over the years.
Her cover of "Never Ending Song of Love" became her final chart appearance on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart.
The second single, "Not Just You" was released on 16 September 2011, "Angel" was released on 16 December 2011.
His second album, Return to Paradise was released with EMI.
Later that year, vocalist Bruce Dickinson replaced Paul Di'Anno, marking the beginning of a series of top-ten high-impact releases.
The following is the discography of the Japanese experimental band Boris.
At the 12th East Music Awards, Zhao won the Best Stage Performance Award.
In 1995, the singer released her fifth studio effort, Daydream.
In that concert, she performed one of the original tunes from the album, "December Prayer".
In May 2006, her sixth album entitled Goodbye Alice in Wonderland was released, reaching No.
Her first two studio albums, Magia and Peligro, were released in Colombia in 1991 and 1993 respectively.
He is currently living with his wife and his newborn child in Solna, Sweden.
In addition to having two number one singles in the United States, Yoakam also has thirteen Top 10 singles on the country chart.
Later that year, the group released ninth album Fallen Is Babylon.
Throughout 2009 and 2010, Perry was featured on two singles.
To see Estefan's albums chart performance, see Gloria Estefan albums discography.
The album was preceded by the release of its lead single, "Promise This".
In September 2002, Emilio Estefan, Jr. signed Lohan to a five-album contract.
Filipina singer Nina has released seven studio albums, one live album, three compilation albums, one remix album and forty-three singles.
A promotional music video was filmed for the song "Braineaters".
On April 28th, 2017, the band announced via social media that they had broken up.
Their debut studio album Root Fire was released independently that year.
Untrue later received nominations for the Mercury Prize and the Shortlist Music Prize.
Howling Bells' third album The Loudest Engine, was released to mostly positive reviews, but did not perform well on the charts.
Her debut album, Divý mak, saw its eventual release on BMG Ariola in 2001.
For a discography as a member of The Highwaymen, see The Highwaymen discography.
", reached the top 40 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
The discography of Athens, Georgia-based indie pop group of Montreal includes fourteen full-length albums, ten extended plays, six compilation albums, and twenty-eight singles.
The band's members include Skin, Cass, Ace and Mark Richardson.
In late 2007, Jive dropped Kelis, and she was signed to Interscope Records and will.i.am Music Group in 2009.
It consists of 16 studio albums, 3 live albums, 7 compilation albums, 24 singles and 2 soundtracks.
Their first studio album, World of Noise, was released in 1993 and did not chart.
The discography also lists remixes that the group as produced for other artists and music released by the group under the alias The Lucky Monkeys.
Nightlife, the duo's seventh album came in 1999, followed by the modestly successful album Release in 2002.
Girl Who Got Away, Dido's fourth album, was released in March 2013 and reached number five in the UK.
This is a videography of the South Korean group BTS.
Holiday, an American singer, consists of three studio albums, four mixtapes, five singles and five music videos.
Ivi secured a recording contract with Sony Music Greece and released her debut extended play, Kalokairi Stin Kardia, which was certified gold.
The album experienced exceptionally strong sales in comparison to its predecessor, topping the charts in the UK and in many other countries, including Australia and Canada.
The discography of Scottish pop/rock band Texas contains nine studio albums, one live album, three compilation albums and 35 singles.
"I'm Yours" stayed on the Hot 100 for 76 weeks, setting the record for the most total weeks on the chart.
A detailed list of all official video & DVD releases by Lebanese artist Nancy Ajram, including official music videos, commercials, other video works, and their sources.
In following years, Kubota released three non-album singles "Cymbals", "Ahhhhh!
Following that, her second BMG album was issued on December 8, 2003.
In 2000, Pearl Jam released its sixth studio album, Binaural, and initiated a series of "official bootlegs" of live albums.
Having clashed with Warner Bros. over the content of that album, Harrison refused to participate in promotion for Gone Troppo, resulting in lacklustre sales.
7, Walton: Suite from Henry V; Cello Concerto; Violin and Piano Sonata; Bernard Rands: Tre Canzoni Senza Parole and Tragic Lovers.
Productions and showcased their irreverent approach to industrial rock.
In 2014 she was featured on Blake Shelton's song "Lonely Tonight", since becoming Monroe's first major top-ten Billboard single.
Lindsay Lohan has released two studio albums, five singles, and six music videos.
Their follow-up album was The Sufferer & the Witness in 2006.
The band currently consists of vocalist Jonathan Vigil, guitarists Zach Johnson and Chris Davis, bassist Jim Riley and drummer Andrew Tkaczyk.
The singles discography of Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue consists of 71 singles and twelve promotional recordings.
Orton's solo debut studio album, Superpinkymandy, was released in November 1993.
It produced three singles, two of which reached the top 75 of the United Kingdom singles chart.
Five of his greatest hits albums also accomplished this, and of these 16 Gold albums, six eventually went Platinum by reaching sales of one million copies.
Without any major label backing him, El Cangri.com managed to peak at number forty-three in the US Top Latin Albums chart.
The band moved to London shortly after its formation and recorded its debut album with regular Coldplay producer, Ken Nelson.
The album spawned two further singles, "Move That Body" and "Gone".
According to Billboard, Streisand holds the record for the female with the most number one albums.
The group debuted in 1965 with "Flowers on the Wall", a number 2 country and number 4 pop hit.
After the band broke up, they released a greatest hits album, Recollection, in 2013.
This single reached the top 40 of the UK Singles Chart for three weeks and charted on the Billboard Top 40 Mainstream at number 38.
The show was created by the team of James Burrows, Glen Charles, and Les Charles.
The discography of American singer August Alsina consists of two studio albums, one extended play, five mixtapes and seventeen singles.
The first single, released in March, was "Left Outside Alone", which saw a change in direction for Anastacia.
Her fourth studio album, The Naked Truth, released in 2005 reach No.
However, Baptism would prove to be somewhat of a commercial disappointment for the multi-platinum selling artist when compared to its predecessors.
In 1998, The Work Group was absorbed by Epic Records, which then released Apple's second album simply known as When the Pawn... in 1999.
The band's discography consists of eight studio albums, two live albums, two compilation album, twenty-one singles and ten music videos.
It spawning the top three singles "L'amour est un soleil" and a duet with Laura Pausini, "On n'oublie jamais rien, on vit avec".
Halim, her second studio album, was released in May 1997.
The Jepettos are an alternative folk band from Belfast and Derry, Northern Ireland.
Mastin's self-titled debut album, which features "Good Night" and selected songs he performed on The X Factor, was released on 9 December 2011.
It also reached number one in fellow Australia and New Zealand.
In 2001, Halliwell followed up with her second album, Scream If You Wanna Go Faster.
Rage Against the Machine singles "Killing in the Name", "Bullet in the Head" and "Bombtrack" charted in the United Kingdom and several other regions.
Art Garfunkel is an American singer, typically best known for participating in the folk duo Simon & Garfunkel together with Paul Simon.
The album was also certified gold in the United States.
A compilation album, Big Boi and Dre Present... OutKast, was released in 2001, with "The Whole World" as the album's only single.
On November 21, 2012 Kid Ink released his fifth mixtape, Rocketshipshawty.
In late 1978 Jankel returned to the fold and composed "Hit Me with Your Rhythm Stick" with Dury.
The album sold three million copies in the US and produced three singles.
Two months later, Harrison released her second EP entitled Sweet XVI to commemorate the release of her self-titled debut album Mýa.
The discography of Mexican Latin pop singer—songwriter Cristian Castro.
"No More Love" was also released on the band's first album Empty.
It remains one of Lauper's signature songs and was a widely popular song during the era of its release, the 1980s.
The group came to an end after Bolan's death in a car crash in September 1977.
CKY returned in 2016 to record a fifth studio album, with Ginsburg taking over the vacated role of lead vocals following Davies' departure.
In March 2011, Evans issued Stronger, her first studio album in six years.
The singer's first mixtape, Can't Take That Away from Me, was released in 2010.
De Burgh's first album to chart in the UK Albums Chart was The Getaway, released in 1982, charting at number 30.
The Chronic expanded gangsta rap with profanity, anti-authoritarian lyrics and multi-layered samples taken from 1970's P-Funk records.
His performing range has included pop, rock, R&B, show tunes, country, dance, soul and gospel.
A series of differences between band members arose, and there were also problems between the band and the label.
In 2002, he formed the indie pop band The Basics with fellow singer-songwriter Kris Schroeder.
The release was succeeded by second single, "I Need", which was released on 4 November 2011.
Red has released five studio albums, four extended plays, a compilation album, twenty-five singles, and eleven music videos.
The band's discography consists of eight studio albums, one live album, ten singles, and six music videos.
The group's single, "No Aphrodisiac" was listed at number one on the Triple J Hottest 100, 1997 by listeners of national radio station, Triple J.
Tamia released her long-delayed third album, More, following her diagnosis with multiple sclerosis in mid-2004.
In 2012, The Evolution of Man was released on 19 November.
These statistics did not begin to be collected until ten years after his death.
With bassist Devin Quinn and drummer Rich McDermott the band released its debut EP, Gidget, in 1993 through Austin, Texas record label Little Deputy Records.
After releasing a handful of singles between 1980 and 1982, Social Distortion released their first studio album in 1983, titled Mommy's Little Monster.
After a two-year hiatus, Dion appeared on Garou's single, "Sous le vent".
In 1979, Wells and her husband formed the label Rubocca Records, and Wells issued her final studio albums in 1979 and 1981 on Rubocca respectively.
The discography of Lydia, a Gilbert, AZ based indie rock band, consists of five studio albums, three EPs, three singles, and five music videos.
The title track peaked at number 37 on the UK Singles Chart and also reached the charts in Ireland and France.
Following a highly publicised battle with EMI, Stone released her fourth studio album, Colour Me Free!, in October 2009.
His second single, "Feel the Beat", was also a commercial success, peaking in the top twenty in multiple countries.
Before the album's release, he released the singles "Slide", "Heatstroke", "Rollin" and "Feels".
Carey's holiday album Merry Christmas produced the singer's perennial yule-tide classic "All I Want for Christmas Is You".
The discography of American comedy music troupe The Lonely Island consists of three studio albums, twenty singles and thirty-four music videos.
Nelly's second studio album, Nellyville, was released in the same year.
American group New Kids on the Block has released eight studio albums, one extended play, seven compilation albums, twenty-six singles, and five video albums.
Since February 2014 they're released by his independent record label G&Lovers, which is supported by Crown Tokuma.
98 Degrees has released five studio albums, twelve singles, and ten+ music videos under Motown Records and Universal Records.
In March 2017, "No More Sad Songs" was released as the album's third official single.
In 2016, they released their second studio album, SremmLife 2.
However, on June 15, 2011 D'espairsRay announced that they had no choice but to disband, due to Hizumi's health having no recovery in sight.
It also denotes her early four albums and seven singles that were released under her former stage name Yumi Arai.
Barbara Mandrell has had two gold selling albums according to the Recording Industry Association of America.
These were released on independent label Leaflet Records in 2004, followed by Sony Music Entertainment Japan sub-label Gr8!
David Lee Roth has not released any new solo material since Diamond Dave in 2003.
In 2013, they released their seventh album, Kveikur.
As of February 2005, their label, EMI, made expanded and remastered editions of all of their earlier studio albums available for purchase.
Kabaret reached top ten in Switzerland, Belgium Wallonia, Finland and Greece, and Kaas chante Piaf peaked inside top ten in France and Switzerland.
The double-album package peaked at 35 in the UK, returning them to the UK Top 40 for the first time since 2000's Greatest Hits.
Singles of the album featured "Big Scary Animal" and "Lay Down Your Arms", a remake from the Graces.
In 2017, a new single, titled "Sleepover", was released.
It was followed a year later by a duet with Jim Reeves titled "Love Is No Excuse", her first Top 10 single.
They were making music that was a derivative of garage.
The band's second album, the self-titled Cartel, was released August 21, 2007 on their new label Epic Records.
Destiny's Child released their self-titled debut album in the United States in February 1998 and it peaked at number 67n on the Billboard 200.
Canadian singer and songwriter Carly Rae Jepsen has released three studio albums, three EPs, 17 singles and eleven music videos.
Dig Me Out, Sleater-Kinney's third album, was released the following year on Kill Rock Stars.
Lady Sings the Blues, Ferguson's third studio album was released in March 2015.
The following is the discography of Italian rapper Emis Killa.
went on hiatus in 2006, and Nitro reissued Dance with Me the following year.
Goodies was certified triple-Platinum in the United States, Platinum in Canada, and sold over five million copies worldwide.
Kim Tae-yeon, better known by the mononym Taeyeon, is a South Korean singer.
"Luxurious" was released as the album's fifth single, but did not perform as well as its predecessors.
In 2006 and at age nineteen, she signed a contract with Columbia Records.
Their next album, The Low End Theory, helped shape alternative hip-hop in the 1990s.
Absolutely Live was very well received, it charted in the Top 10 in the US and Canada and was certified gold in both countries.
Three promotional singles have been issued from the album, along with the official lead single "Who Am I", featuring Craig David.
Her second singles, "Walk On The Water", peaked number seventeen on the Hot Christian Songs.
A DVD titled Halloween at the Metro was released later that year as an installment of Kung Fu Films' The Show Must Go Off!
The discography of Martha Wainwright, a Canadian-American singer-songwriter, consists of three studio albums, one live album, four extended plays, five singles, and two music videos.
As of November 2010, Ali is working on her second studio album.
The discography of rap rock artist Deuce includes one studio album, five extended plays, eleven singles, and ten music videos.
The discography of Emerson, Lake & Palmer, an English progressive rock band, includes 9 studio albums, 17 live albums, 13 compilation albums, and 16 singles.
The album spawned four more singles: "Rock n Roll", "Let Me Go", "Hello Kitty" and "Give You What You Like".
"The Roller" was their first UK top forty hit, peaking at number 31 – it also became a top ten hit in Japan.
His debut album All American Boy was released on March 23, 2015.
King also included "Why You Wanna", "Live in the Sky" and "Top Back".
The discography of Verbal consists of 1 studio album released under Rhythm Zone, plus many featured singles and album tracks.
The song became a worldwide number-one hit.
On 1 February 2011, The Pigeon Detectives announced their third album "Up, Guards And At 'Em", which was released on 4 April 2011.
This is the discography by American rapper, Big Daddy Kane
Two remix albums were released for the visual novel in 2000 and 2003, and a remix album was released for the film in 2005.
Live from Camp X-Ray followed in 2002 and reached #45.
Thus, the HammerFall's line-up soon underwent changes.
The John Butler Trio's second studio album, Three, reached the top 30 on the Australian album charts and achieved platinum sales status.
In 1999 they released a live album, and the following year The Rising Tide was released.
Also during that time, a new drummer, Charlie Quintana, was hired.
Both "Down Under" and Business as Usual were also No.
The band completed their first UK headline tour in June 2011 and ended the summer with slots at Sonisphere and Heavy Festival.
The album charted poorly, only reaching No.
Their second album, Black & White was released on July 13, 2010, peaking No.19 on Billboard 200.
The album debuted at number four in America and was certified gold by the RIAA.
Kravitz has scored hits in virtually every continent: North America, Central America, Europe, South America, Asia, Oceania, and Africa.
The discography of Joell Ortiz, an American rapper, consists of four studio albums, five singles and eight mixtapes.
To date, it has produced two Number One hits in "Sunny and 75" and "Yeah".
Pausini's second album, Laura, was released in 1994 and sold more than four million copies worldwide.
Triumph is a Canadian hard rock band that was popular in the late 1970s through the 1980s.
It peaked at number one in Canada and number seven in the US, and was certified 3× platinum in Canada and platinum in the US.
The discography of Wynonna Judd, an American country music singer, consists of nine studio albums and 43 singles.
In November 2009, 2PM made their comeback as a six-member group with the promotional single "Heartbeat" and their first full-length album 01:59PM.
He has released one solo album, and two albums with his quintet, Ingebrigt Håker Flaten Quintet.
The album was eventually certified double platinum by the RIAA for shipments of over 2,000,000 copies.
Public Enemy released their second studio album, It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back, in April 1988.
17 in the UK and also No.
He has released numerous mixtapes including The Marathon, The Marathon Continues and Crenshaw.
Jennifer Lopez is featured in the video as "Selena", though her entire body was covered with charoma key.
The following live album from January 2005, Toute la musique... reached top ten in France.
Her 1961 releases, "Right or Wrong" and "In the Middle of a Heartache", became top-ten hits on the Billboard country chart respectively.
The Japanese versions of these songs were used for her debut in Japan, and were released in December 2000 and May 2001.
Dude Ranch also featured their first radio hit, "Dammit", which helped the album reach Platinum status in the United States.
The album is among the top 100 certified albums according to the RIAA.
This is the discography of Japanese rock artist, Joe Inoue.
The first single from the album, "The Time", reached number 1 on the UK Singles Chart on December 12.
After a 25-year career, Lefty Frizzell had charted a little over 30 singles, and released 13 studio albums.
Metallica followed with the release of Load and Reload, respectively.
Some of the singles are considered annual "election singles", that is, they contain ballots for a popularity contest to determine the line-up for the next single.
Many of his studio albums were selected for Special Merit and Spotlight awards by Billboard magazine.
Of the trio's albums, 1999's The Whole SHeBANG is certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, and 2004's Sweet Right Here is certified gold.
While sticking to her R&B and hip-hop sound, the album had a new pop and dance sound, as well as soul influences.
It peaked at number ten on the Billboard 200, and was the band's first album to chart in other countries.
Gotye later signed to Creative Vibes as a solo artist and released his debut studio album Boardface in June 2003.
Their most successful album is 1999's 14:59, which was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
As of September 2014, he has sold over 1.4 million albums.
British heavy metal band Judas Priest have released 17 studio albums, 6 live albums, 6 compilation albums, 33 singles, 10 video albums, and 17 music videos.
Eazy was also featured on the single "Game Wreck-Oniz-Iz Game" by Above the Law and "Foe tha Love of $" by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.
The following is a discography of albums and singles released by the British pop rock band Liverpool Express.
3 and had only a top 10 hit.
This is a discography of Gang Green, an American hardcore punk band from Boston.
BWO was a Swedish electropop group, formed in 2003.
The discography of Eisley, an American rock band from Tyler, Texas.
The third and final single from the album, "Anything", contains a sample from Toto's 1982 song "Africa".
She released the single for her international debut album, "Pyramid", which featured rapper, Iyaz.
Their fourth album, Unconditional, debuted at No.
Their second self-titled album was released in 2003.
The band's fourth studio album, Magic Hour, was followed in May 2012.
2.0, was released in May 2002 and featured only her singing and playing an acoustic guitar.
It became one of Stereophonics' best charting singles in the UK, peaking at number three.
She then signed with Atlantic Records to distribute her releases worldwide.
It spawned a version of "Always," which reached #18 on the Billboard Country Chart.
Her first album as a solo artist, Thalía, was released in 1990 by Fonovisa Records.
The discography of Eddy Lover, a Panamanian reggaeton and Reggae en Español artist, consists of two studio albums and four singles.
The first single, "Rush Rush", featured a Rebel Without a Cause-inspired music video starring Keanu Reeves and topped Billboard Hot 100.
Other singles from the album were "Tutto quello che ho" and "Se cadrai".
have sold over 15 million albums in the US alone and had hit singles across the globe from Australia and New Zealand to Belgium and Ireland.
1 spot on the Country Albums chart.
9 on the Rap Albums, and No.
The band first released their mini-album Mirror in 1999 under Gravity Records.
In 2015, Inna released her eponymous fourth studio album and its Japanese counterpart, Body and the Sun.
The album reached number six on the German album chart.
It was written by Ferreira, Bloodshy & Avant, Magnus Lidehäll, and Marit Bergman, and peaked at number 64 on the UK Singles Chart.
This is the discography released by Amon Tobin under his own name, under the name Cujo, and in collaboration with other artists.
Only's brother Doyle then became the band's guitarist and would remain so until 2000.
While the album itself became a moderate commercial success, it spawned her top ten single "Go Back," which was certified gold in Germany.
His discography comprises seven studio albums—his self-titled debut, Relentless, Wide Open, My Kinda Party, Night Train, Old Boots, New Dirt, and They Don't Know.
The group's biggest hit to date is "You're a Woman" released in 1985, which peaked at No.
Confessions received a diamond certification from the Recording Industry Association of America, and has sold over 20 million copies worldwide.
Naidoo's second studio album Nicht von dieser Welt, produced unter the guidance of Moses Pelham and Martin Haas, was released in May 1998.
Many compilations have been issued since her death, including comprehensive box sets and live recordings.
She has released six studio albums, three video albums and twenty five singles, in addition to two compilation albums on record labels WEA, EastWest, rooART, Yep!
Osment released her debut album, Fight or Flight, on October 5, 2010 under Wind-up Records, to mixed reviews.
The follow-up We Are Born was made available in 2010.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
After South of Heaven, Slayer signed to Rubin's new label, Def American, and released Seasons in the Abyss.
The album peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart and was certified Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry.
Overall, Coe's discography consists of 42 studio albums, 4 live albums, 1 collaboration album and 1 audiobook, in addition to many compilation albums.
Envy released their debut studio album The Magic Soup and the Bittersweet Faces on April 27, 2012, peaking to number 37 on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
The single was later certified two times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Albarn has also composed the score for several theatre productions including Journey to the West recorded under the name Monkey and Dr Dee.
In late 2012, Del Rey released an EP called Paradise, and a reissue of Born to Die titled Born to Die: The Paradise Edition.
2 was released in 3 chapters and the latest releases Soundtrack for the Voices in My Head Vol.
The song originally featured on her Never Fade EP and it was released on 5 May 2013, charting at number 19 on the UK Singles Chart.
Family of the Year has released 3 full length albums, 4 EPs, and 4 singles.
It was disbanded in 1989, soon after their fifth studio album Rhythm & Romance came out.
1 hit on the Billboard Hot 100, "Jump".
Robyn became known in the late 1990s for her worldwide dance-pop hit "Do You Know" from her debut album Robyn Is Here.
They have also participated in the OSTs of various Korean dramas.
In 2003, they released their third studio album, Antenna, which became their only album to chart on the Billboard 200, which peaked at number 169.
Between their formation in 2001 and 2008 they released three studio albums and 14 singles, nine of which entered the top 40 UK singles chart.
American rock band Aerosmith has released seven video albums and thirty-six music videos.
The album was eventually certified platinum in New Zealand.
He released his first single, "I Know", on October 17, 2006.
This brought them recognition in Greece, where they were mostly unknown, now signed to V2 Records.
The trio added keyboard player Kevin Moore and vocalist Chris Collins in order to complete their lineup.
Her mother, an opera vocalist, encouraged Braxton and her four sisters to sing in church at a young age.
American singer Teyana Taylor has released one studio album, one compilation album, one extended play, two mixtapes, and eight singles.
The discography of Colombian pop singer Fanny Lu consists of three studio albums, one compilation album and eleven singles.
It included two singles, "The Beautiful Dead" and "Money Is Not Our God".
On August 29, three days after its release, the album sales reached more than 50,000 copies.
Pixies formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1985.
charted at number two on the Billboard 200 and topped both the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and Top Rap Albums charts.
It has since peaked at number 90 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 27 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
The album eventually sold over eight million copies in the United States, gaining eight-times platinum certification by the RIAA.
Her last work in label, was with the twelfth edition of XSPB, É Pra Dançar, released in June 2013.
The singer announced that French Connection was the end of an era, and from now on she will only release material written by her.
North, the band's fourth studio album, was released in September 2012 and became their first album to top the Billboard 200.
Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer left The Wailers in 1974.
It featured three singles: "The Path of Thorns", "Into the Fire" and "Drawn to the Rhythm".
Most recently, he returned to the drums and along with Josh Homme and John Paul Jones, released Them Crooked Vultures, the bands' self-titled debut.
English electronic music band Hot Chip have released six studio albums, eight extended plays, two mix albums, 19 singles, five promotional singles and 17 music videos.
This full-length album is receiving multiple accolades and reviews
He then released his third mini album Life on March 13.
Her fourth studio album, Make a Scene was released in 2011, charting at number 33 on the UK Albums Chart.
