The small and undated oil-on-canvas painting featuring a skeleton and cigarette is part of the permanent collection of the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam.
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in the collection of the Nationalmuseum.
Malevich took the work to Berlin in 1927, where it was displayed at the Große Berliner Austellung.
Saint Jerome is shown sitting behind his desk, engrossed in work.
The identity of the woman on portrait is unknown.
It is located in the Virginia Highland neighborhood of Atlanta, along Barnett Street north of Drewry Street.
This painting is fully finished, and had been in progress for several years.
Martyrdom of Saint Lawrence is an early sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
It currently hangs in the Musée du Louvre, Paris.
Sunrise with Sea Monsters is an oil painting by English artist J. M. W. Turner.
A woman with a child goes down to the water ; a man pushes a barrow upwards.
The painting was part of the Australia exhibition at the Royal Academy in 2013.
The Portrait of Elisabetta Gonzaga is a painting from around 1504, attributed to the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael and housed in the Uffizi Gallery, Florence.
The statue is of a sunbonneted woman leading a child by the hand.
It is part of a series that extended late into de Chirico’s career.
Finally, the man becomes old and the angel guides him to heaven across the waters of eternity.
Ecce Homo is the title of a series of paintings by the Italian Renaissance master Antonello da Messina.
Created in 1850 and installed in Central Park in 1863, it is the oldest known sculpture in any New York City park.
Theodore Wint Grave is a public artwork by an unknown artist, located at the Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia, United States.
"There's nobody to keep the history straight," she told the New York Times in an interview published in early November 2005.
It is housed in the National Museum of Capodimonte, Naples, Italy.
Various other concepts were explored for this later commission as attested by preparatory drawings.
The sculpture is now held in the Uffizi in Florence as part of the Contini Bonacossi Collection.
The picture's elegance of execution is consistent with the attitude of the subject.
São Paulo is a painting by Portuguese Renaissance artist Nuno Gonçalves.
The heavily treed landscape behind them is almost black, its outline forming a diagonal across the sky and completely containing the foreground figures.
Pietro Perugino, who by 1493 had settled mainly in Florence started to paint there.
The Maria Skłodowska-Curie Medallion is one panel from a set of four created by Jozef C. Mazur.
Bartolomeo Panciatichi was a Florentine humanist and politician.
It was his first major Futurist work.
The atmosphere is achieved through the succession of columns and sections of flooring that serve to demonstrate the perspective.
Face and hands more carefully drawn than usual: is Manet making concessions to the public?
I was standing outside the pub under that veranda looking down the street.
It was gifted to the museum by Guggenheim in 1938.
The caption included the inscription Collection Joseph Dalmau.
The painting dates from c. 1420 and is housed in the Pinacoteca Nazionale of Siena, Italy.
Since 2015, the painting is currently on a five-year loan to National Gallery Singapore as part of its Southeast Asian art galleries.
The statue was a gift to the Smithsonian Institution on loan to the National Park Service.
The Haywain Triptych is a panel painting by Hieronymus Bosch, currently housed in the Museo del Prado, Madrid, Spain.
On the right is Fanny Claus, a violinist.
It is housed in the Museo Correr in Venice.
At about the same time Rossetti was painting Astarte Syriaca, a larger painting completed in 1877, with Morris in a very similar pose.
The painting is 153 x 210 centimetres and is currently housed in the Museum of Modern Art, Toyama.
It was painted for the Ufficio della Gabella of the commune of Siena, as specified by two-line signature at the bottom.
Six Persimmons is a 13th-century Chinese painting by the monk, Muqi Fachang or Mu Ch'i Fa-Ch'ang.
Even thirty, fifty years after my death, he will still be something people discuss, and so will live, and me with it
It is dedicated to the people of Moslavina during World War II.
The picture described by Sm., measuring 24 inches by 20 inches, was in the sale of M. de Sereville, Paris, January 21, 1812.
Six Number Two is a stainless steel sculpture by Kenneth Snelson.
The bust is cast in bronze and depicts President Benjamin Harrison.
It is now housed in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in Venice.
While he was painting The Dream, Rousseau was romantically involved with a shop assistant, Leonie.
Known as "Untitled Head I", the piece measures 65.1 cm in height.
The Ideal City is the title given to three strikingly similar Italian Renaissance paintings with unresolved attribution.
"I always liked that mural, and when they were remodeling and took it down, they were just going to throw it in the dumpster.
A genuine and very fine picture, but almost all the green has faded from the foliage.
The woman uses the chair to support herself, to emphasize her social status in the Court, where she had the right to sit.
The Ecumenical Council is a surrealist painting by Spanish artist Salvador Dalí completed in 1960.
In August 2002, the sculpture was badly damaged, and partially collapsed into the water during a storm; vandalism was blamed for contributing to the statue's destruction.
It was cast in Milan at the Fonderia Battaglia.
Executed in oil on canvas, it depicts six men swimming naked in a lake, and is considered a masterpiece of American painting.
The design of the painting resembles that of the Madonna della seggiola from the same period.
Gather Ye Rosebuds While Ye May is an oil painting on canvas created in 1908 by British Pre-Raphaelite artist, John William Waterhouse.
It is located at 1640 West Bruce Street.
Holocaust Memorial is a public artwork by American artist Claire Lieberman located on the Jewish Museum Milwaukee lawn, which is near downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.
The painting was acquired by Carlos IV of Spain in Rome, while the latter was still a prince.
The second sculpture is still in storage at Canterbury Museum, to be installed in the north quadrangle of the Arts Centre in early 2016.
Portrait of Doña Isabel de Porcel is an oil-on-canvas painting made by the Spanish painter Francisco Goya around 1805.
It is considered a pendant portrait to the Portrait of a Man Standing, now identified as Cunera's husband Michiel de Wael.
One of these was Arthur William Devis who painted The Death of Nelson, 21 October 1805, now also in the National Maritime Museum.
The fountain was created in 1918 by Indianapolis-based Blakley Granite, Marble and Tile Company in collaboration with the artist Myra Reynolds Richards.
The sculpture is sponsored by the Riverwalk Business Improvement District.
Spirit Keeper, a public sculpture by American artist Steve Wooldridge, is located on the Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis campus, which is near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.
His room overlooked the Seine, and it is from this vantage point that it is painted.
It is thought to be a portrait of Wolfgang Lazius, a humanist and historian who served Holy Roman Emperors of the House of Habsburg.
The museum, designed to replicate an ocean liner, includes special exhibits, films and cultural events.
Along with St. George, it represents the first of Raphael's works on martial subjects.
At first glance, we see a double portrait of a fashionable and attractive couple of some social rank.
In 1639 Rembrandt drew a sketch of the painting while it was being auctioned in Amsterdam, and subsequently referenced the composition in several self-portraits.
Davis met his wife Ruth Lambert in Ventnor on the Isle of Wight, where he spent some time in a sanatorium after college, suffering from tuberculosis.
The waterfall fills the whole foreground, rushing down over rocks from a broad basin.
The sculpture cost as much as $50,000 and was funded by the Portland Streetcar Project.
A depiction of the artist's brother-in-law Louis N. Kenton, it has been called "one of Eakins's most memorable portraits".
Marczell von Nemes of Budapest, Paris, June 17, 1913, No.
The woman holds an infant in her arms, and two other miners appear in the doorway, carrying the body of the husband on a stretcher.
A more usual subject would be their meeting; this is one of many harbour scenes painted by Claude.
St. Jerome in His Study is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Antonello da Messina, thought to have been completed around 1460–1475.
They wed on 3 October 1609, in St. Michael's Abbey, Antwerp, shortly after he had returned to the city after eight years in Italy.
Albert Gallatin is a bronze statue by James Earle Fraser.
The Madonna of Palazzo Medici-Riccardi is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Filippo Lippi.
The couple has been identified as Isaac Massa and his bride Beatrix van der Laen.
The bust of Matthew E. Welsh is a public artwork by American artist Daniel Edwards.
It is 10 feet by 8 feet and 5 feet in diameter.
Dog Bowl is an outdoor 2002 sculpture by dog photographer William Wegman, located in the North Park Blocks in Portland, Oregon, United States.
The Lunch is nearly identical to another painting by Velázquez, The Farmers' Lunch.
Three Studies for George Dyer is a small-format triptych painted by Francis Bacon in 1964.
The judge in the case, one Baron Huddleston, caused laughter in the court when he asked Whistler "Which part of the picture is the bridge?"
The prosperity which had created the vast bourgeoisie with its gradations from lower to upper middle class had also created a code.
The painting is of Naegeumgang, the Inner Mt.
Staab's ephemeral sculptures are constructed from natural materials such as reeds, willow shoots and bamboo.
Originally discovered in 1874 in the underground chambers of Horti Lamiani, it has become one of the most famous examples of Roman portraiture to date.
The originals are in the Louvre and in the Museum of Tours.
The painting does not bear a date but was first exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts, London, in 1884.
This sculpture was surveyed in 1993 as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
The resulting explosion caused significant damage to Alma Mater's throne.
Bacchus and Ariadne is an oil painting by Titian.
In short, in Naples he had found professional success, the esteem of fellow-artists, and the support of important patrons.
Several pen-and-ink studies for the elder in front were in the collection of J. P. Heseltine.
He also eschewed the richly-decorated throne typical of sacra conversazione altarpieces, and de-emphasised the angels' wings.
They have been installed in a variety of ways, each being slightly different.
Created by the British sculptor Angela Conner, the work consists of twelve bronze busts atop a stone base.
This sculpture is one of an edition of six.
The Hunt in the Forest is a painting by the Italian artist Paolo Uccello, made around 1470.
It is considered a vanitas or memento mori, at a time when Van Gogh himself was in poor health.
On 15 November 2016, Rome authorities announced they were searching for vandals who broke the left tusk the previous Sunday night and left the piece nearby.
Seurat kept his relationship with artist's model Knobloch secret.
It was commissioned by Lorenzo Onofrio Colonna, a Roman aristocrat.
A Procession of Flagellants is an oil-on-panel painting produced by Francisco de Goya between 1812 and 1819.
Monet attended the birth in Paris and returned to the coast a few days later.
(A plaque with the insignia of the Fairmount Park Art Association appears on the base.)
The Portrait of a Gentleman with a Lion Paw is a painting by the Italian High Renaissance painter Lorenzo Lotto, dating to c. 1527.
The Badia Polyptych is a painting by the Italian artist Giotto, painted around 1300 and housed in the Uffizi Gallery of Florence.
In the left centre are two water-mills on either side of a stream flowing to the right front.
The painting is influenced by Jan van Eyck's Ghent altarpiece, which the younger artist probably saw after he moved to Ghent around 1432.
Apple Tree in Flower, also from 1912, is a similarly sized composition.
The Pope is depicted with the weight of late middle age, while his sight appears to be strained.
The Hezilo chandelier is an 11th-century Romanesque wheel chandelier.
These images of men aren't men, just pictures of them, so they don't have to follow any rules.
Though the painting is called "The Wounded Cuirassier", there are no visible wounds on the soldier.
Work is a painting by Ford Madox Brown that is generally considered to be his most important achievement.
In The new house, Brack boldly tackled the question of what Australian art could be in the 1950s.
Utamaro was the leading ukiyo-e artist in the 1790s in the bijin-ga genre of pictures of female beauties.
It was completed in 1599–1600 for the Contarelli Chapel in the church of the French congregation, San Luigi dei Francesi in Rome, where it remains today.
The nature of the office is unclear—it could just as easily be the office of a lawyer, an accountant or of a small business.
Untitled is an outdoor 1977 steel and porcelain enamel sculpture by American artist John Killmaster, located in downtown Portland, Oregon.
Stevenson Memorial is a 1903 oil painting by the American artist Abbott Handerson Thayer, intended to commemorate the writer Robert Louis Stevenson.
They decorated the area next to the choir, which was demolished in the 18th century.
The Captive Slave is a portrait painted by the artist John Simpson, which was first exhibited in London in 1827.
The Adoration of the Magi is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Andrea Mantegna, from 1462.
The Santa Lucia de' Magnoli Altarpiece is a painting by the Italian painter Domenico Veneziano, dated to around 1445–1447.
The granite and concrete fountain was designed by Stuart O. Dawson of Sasaki, Dawson, DeMay Associates, Inc. in 1972.
Very little praise was forthcoming, and Eugène Delacroix was one of the few painters who supported the work.
His reign was within the later stages of the period known in Norwegian history as the age of civil wars.
Monet composed the painting in February 1883 from the window of the hotel he lived then.
The Last Judgment is a triptych by Hieronymus Bosch, created after 1482.
The subject is seen from above - from the viewpoint of a father.
The statue remains the focal point of May Day celebrations in the city.
In their mouths and eyes are more identical faces in a process implied to be infinite.
Pedestrian Drama is her first art commission in Milwaukee.
These holy pieces of clothing are worn when praying in a synagogue.
Lorenzo il Magnifico and his brother Giuliano have been considered.
The work was installed in April 2012 and is scheduled to remain in place through October 2012.
Saying Grace is a 1951 painting by American illustrator Norman Rockwell, painted for the cover of The Saturday Evening Post's November 24, 1951, Thanksgiving issue.
Bacchanal: A Faun Teased by Children is a marble sculpture by Italian artists Gian Lorenzo Bernini and his father Pietro Bernini.
This is why he switched to painting canvases that were at least potentially saleable".
La Femme au Cheval is a large oil painting created toward the end of 1911 by the French artist Jean Metzinger.
The sculpture was surveyed in 1992 as a part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
The Altarpiece of Saint Barbara is a painting by Gonçal Peris conserved at the National Art Museum of Catalonia.
The fourth figure, partially obscured in the interior's background, is possibly Léon Leenhoff, Manet's son.
He conceived the idea of telling the story, to honour his wife, with the theme being love prevailing over conflict.
Grattage was invented by Ernst and the Spanish surrealist Joan Miró.
The exact date of the paintings creation is not known, but it is signed and dated to 1820 by Luny, four years after the events depicted.
They could be listening to the rabbi’s sermon at the podium or reflecting upon their actions in the past year.
The centre of the composition is the face of the Madonna, who sits of a precious throne holding the Child.
St. Quentin is a painting attributed to the Italian Renaissance master Jacopo Pontormo.
God, whose hand can be seen at the lunette's top is blessing Mary through the dove symbolizing the Holy Ghost.
Funding goals to begin the restoration fell short, and efforts to restore the work did not begin at that time.
The painting is based on a panel from the romance comic Girls' Romances #105 published by DC National Comics in 1964.
It was designated a Chicago Landmark on June 4, 2003.
The sperm whale is the largest toothed predator on earth.
Fez is a 1964 painting by the modern artist Frank Stella.
Andrea del Verrocchio's bronze statue of David was most likely made between 1473 and 1475.
It includes a sac containing 26 marble eggs and its abdomen and thorax are made of ribbed bronze.
These eyes are mirrored by the green circular glass detail above the subject which gives the illusion of many eyes watching the sorceress at work.
It depicts the Virgin Mary, surrounded by angels and crowned with the circle of stars.
Pangaea is a public art work by artist Michaela Mahady, located on the east side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin on the campus of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee.
It depicts Gala Dalí, Salvador Dalí's wife and muse, as pieced together through a series of spheres arranged in a continuous array.
A ransom was paid the following year for the safe recovery of the painting from a park in Sydney.
De Smeth van Alphen, in Amsterdam, August I, 1810, No.
When Blue Nude was publicly exhibited soon after it was painted, it became the source of controversy that involved issues of race, race relations, and colonialism.
The canvas remains stationary but as the observer stares at the areas of color, they seem to move and vibrate.
The stations serve the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry, the Brooklyn neighborhood, and Milwaukie, Oregon through the McLoughlin Boulevard corridor.
Escogedoras de café is a painting by the Ecuadorian social realist artist Alba Calderón.
The eye in the storm gathering on the right of Saint George is lined up with his spear showing there has been divine intervention.
The parapet is original, though the raised section appears to be a revision by Titian himself.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. is a public art work designed by American artist Erik Blome, located in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The painting represents the artist’s conception of the life cycle.
2: Bridge Prop is a sculpture by Henry Moore, created in 1963, and produced in an edition of six copies.
Miss Amelia Van Buren or Portrait of Amelia C. Van Buren is a ca.
I hoped they would notice but it was part of their environment and unexpected.
Before the World War II was part of Contini Bonacossi Collection.In National Museum of Serbia is from 1949.
It was sculpted by Richard Henry Park and was erected in 1885 with philanthropic financial support from Elizabeth Plankinton.
The highest peak, Birobong, lies in the background and water flows from it toward a valley called Manpokdong which is divided from the left and right.
This is the second painting by de Chirico by this title after his 1914 work Gare Montparnasse.
Members of North Devon Council referred to the controversial nature of the statue as a potential boost to tourism.
The passage illustrated is from the Gospel of Luke, 2:41, which states:
In addition to the completed painting of Dante and Beatrice, the Walker Art Gallery owns three sketches he made for it.
This exhibition also featured Édouard Manet's famous Déjeuner sur l'herbe, and together the two works gained a lot of attention.
The metal structure with vanes is 14 metres high, weighs 50 short tons, and was designed to rotate in the wind.
Instead, it appears in its own right.
A YOUNG WOMAN AT A PANTRY-DOOR WITH A CHILD.
Sir John Luttrell is an allegorical oil painting of a Tudor soldier.
The cables were supported by 2,050 steel poles stuck into the ground and braced by steel guy wires anchored to the earth.
The ROM attributes the print to Gochōtei Sadamasu II, more usually referred to as Utagawa Sadamasu II.
The abstract piece is made of bronze and an LED light board which displays poems programmed in a loop.
Sarah Siddons as the Tragic Muse is a 1784 oil painting by Joshua Reynolds.
The painting went to auction in 1989 and in 1996, where it failed to sell.
The second London panel shows Three Miracles of Saint Zenobius.
The memorial lampposts were commercially produced by the Gorham Manufacturing Company.
I had in my possession just such a piece from Monet.
The statue was kept in a private collection in Germany until it is said to have been auctioned in 2007.
The painting depicts the moment just before the consumption of forbidden fruit and the fall of man.
The Fall of New Amsterdam is a historical painting by the American artist Jean Leon Gerome Ferris.
Antea is a painting by the Italian Mannerist artist Parmigianino, executed around 1524-1527.
Style-wise, Pont Boieldieu in Rouen, Rainy Weather is a return to Impressionism after a decade of experimenting with Post-Impressionism and Pointalism.
The Family is an outdoor bronze sculpture by American artist and educator Chaim Gross, installed at the Bleecker Playground in Manhattan, New York City.
The painting is loosely based on fictional events taken from canto eight of Dante’s Inferno.
The Disquieting Muses was painted during World War I, when De Chirico was in Ferrara.
This was discovered by Eadweard Muybridge in 1878.
Deux Nus is an early Cubist painting by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger.
The painting now hangs in the museum building named for Beck.
The work is part of the Thannhauser Collection currently on display in the Thannhauser Gallery of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York.
They were then colored and textured with a combination of watercolor, gouache and pencil and ink frottage.
De Hooch made several paintings with scenes of the interior of the City Hall:
Mohandas Gandhi is an outdoor bronze sculpture depicting Mahatma Gandhi by Kantilal B. Patel, located at Union Square in Manhattan, New York.
It was painted with tempera on canvas, 1895-1898.
The painting is in the collection of the Wallace Collection, in London, England.
A scroll on a rock contains a verse by the 3rd century AD stoic writer Epictetus: Sustine et abstine, a hint to Bernard's teachings.
Painted in 1875, this work illustrates Caillebotte's continued interest in perspective and everyday life.
In the background is a gray-green wall, upon which hangs a palette in the upper left corner.
The bronze figure depicts the Jesuit missionary standing with cross in hand.
The painting depicts a young couple at a moment of emotional crisis.
All of a sudden there was a dazzling light.
The first marble version of the sculpture was completed by Powers' studio in 1844 and is now in Raby Castle, England.
The painting is housed in the São Paulo Museum of Art.
It consists of a large wooden plaque intricately carved and dyed with pigment to depict an important Yoruba ceremony.
There were two petticoats, one being an attached foundation.
Signed in full, "J. Ruysdael" ; canvas, 40 1/2 inches by 34 inches.
The Cahill Expressway is like a kind of allegorical self portrait.
Van Gogh worked on a group of paintings "The Wheat Field" that he could see from his cell at Saint-Paul Hospital.
The Dance of Time: Three Nymphs Supporting a Clock is a work by the French sculptor Claude Michel, also known as Clodion.
The Camaldolese monk and theologian, Saint Ambrose Traversari, who had been Prior General of the Camaladolese congregation, had been a strong supporter of the union.
The work is part of the City of Portland and Multnomah County Public Art Collection courtesy of the Regional Arts & Culture Council.
The Tree of Life, Stoclet Frieze is a painting by an Austrian symbolist painter Gustav Klimt.
The bust was dedicated in a ceremony at the Indiana Statehouse on December 20, 1996.
The Martyrdom of the Ten Thousand is an oil painting by Albrecht Dürer, dating to 1508 and now at the Kunsthistorisches Museum of Vienna, Austria.
Nonetheless, Geffroy continued to write favorably of Cézanne, believing, "He is a great teller of truth.
It is 18 feet tall and weighs 8 tons.
Maria Spartali Stillman modelled for the painting.
Conversations with Magic Stones is a public art work by English artist Barbara Hepworth located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The Millinery Shop is a painting by French artist Edgar Degas.
Fortitude, a woman holding an oak branch, with the branch shaken by the cupid Charity
"Rabboni" was surveyed as part of the Smithsonian Save Outdoor Sculpture!
Puberty has also been done as a lithograph and an etching by Munch.
It was one of the works Gauguin exhibited at his 1893 Durand-Ruel exhibition in Paris.
Les Femmes d'Alger is a series of 15 paintings and numerous drawings by the Spanish cubist artist Pablo Picasso.
The work had been in Sheldon Solow's private collection for 45 years.
The work presents the view from Manhattan of the rest of the world showing Manhattan as the center of the world.
Her dark hair is combed back into a small golden-yellow cap.
This image is notable for its combination of heavily textured surfaces and sharp, hand-drawn outlines.
Jumbo, also known as Jumbo the Elephant and Jumbo the Circus Elephant, was a 19th-century male African bush elephant born in Sudan.
Known as "Annie", the dragon served as a landmark for both locals and boaters, and also as a playhouse for children.
The piece was commissioned by the Migros Museum in Zurich, and was one of the museum's inaugural exhibits.
Unlike the other talking statues, which are all dated to Ancient Rome, Il Facchino is relatively modern.
This is shown by the hinges remaining in the original frame.
It is a monument to a small boy who died in what was then an area of country homes near New York City.
Bench-Stone is a public art work by modernist Japanese artist Masayuki Nagare located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
It is in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
The landscape mimics the curves of the woman's body and this, in turn, relates the human body back to being a natural, organic object.
The Resurrection of Christ, also called The Kinnaird Resurrection, is an oil painting on wood by the Italian High Renaissance master Raphael.
and, on John's death in 1893, his son John Wingfield Malcolm gave it to the British Museum.
Willow Man is a large outdoor sculpture by Serena de la Hey.
ERECTED SEPT. 12, 1914BY THE CITY OF BALTIMORE
It is now in the Wallraf-Richartz Museum in Cologne.
The Manunggul Jar is widely acknowledged to be one of the finest Philippine pre-colonial artworks ever produced and is considered a masterpiece.
Frank O'Bannon is a public artwork by American artist Kenneth G. Ryden, located in the Indiana Statehouse rotunda in Indianapolis, Indiana.
It combines chance procedures, plotted perspective studies, and laborious craftsmanship.
This was the first avant-garde art exhibition in Spain.
A beggar-woman in red, with a boy, addresses the man from the right.
Between 1989 and 2010, a copy appeared on the 10 Jersey pound note, and before that on the 1 pound note.
Portrait of a Large Dog is an oil painting by George Stubbs.
Pod is part of the City of Portland and Multnomah County Public Art Collection courtesy of the Regional Arts & Culture Council.
It is a copy of the Discobolus of Myron, located in Edward J. Kelly Park, at 21st Street and Virginia Avenue, N.W.
Evidence found in a letter by Metzinger addressed to Léonce Rosenberg suggests the work was painted before his March 1915 mobilization, and possibly late 1914.
Although whales are widespread, most species prefer the colder waters of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres, and migrate to the equator to give birth.
The Eternal Light Flagstaff is part of the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation's "Art in the Parks" collection.
In spite of the brokenness of her internal body, her external sensuality is unmarred.
Unique Forms of Continuity in Space is a bronze Futurist sculpture by Umberto Boccioni.
The Fifer or Young Flautist is a painting by French painter Édouard Manet, made in 1866.
The George Washington University Class of 2000
It is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
The Gonzaga family court sculptor based this group on a classical marble of Hercules and Antaeus which is now in the Pitti Palace in Florence.
Acquired by the National Gallery in 1856, the painting is currently on display in room 34.
Draper's conflation of Sirens with mermaids and his sexualization of these figures are consistent with other artwork of the Victorian and Edwardian eras.
On the Threshold of Liberty refers to two oil on canvas paintings by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte.
Snow at Argenteuil is an oil-on-canvas landscape painting from the Impressionist artist Claude Monet.
David's works also show Napoleon's journey through the Great St. Bernard Pass, but there are significant stylistic differences between the two conceptions.
Vooght is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals, painted in 1639 and now in a private collection.
Allegory is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Filippino Lippi, executed around 1498.
Bourke Street is a 1886 painting by Australian artist Tom Roberts.
It is housed in the Museo Correr in Venice.
Goethe is on the left in the photograph, his left hand resting lightly on Schiller's shoulder.
Scenes that include Muhammad are shown from his perspective, with his words paraphrased by the narrator.
The painting is now in the collection of the Curtius Museum in Liège.
Black on Maroon is a 1958 painting by Mark Rothko.
He wrote to his close friend and Pre-Raphaelite colleague Holman Hunt that he had painted a "ridiculously elaborate" landscape.
Mould pointed out that the pose of the MacLeod portrait matched that of the rightmost individual in the grisaille sketch.
The Miracle of the Slave is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Jacopo Tintoretto.
Across the river is the Gare d'Orléans train station and the Place Carnot square.
Every figure in the synagogue has a serious look on their face.
It depicts the moment in Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet when Juliet, kneeling beside Romeo's body, hears a footstep and draws a dagger to kill herself.
The painting depicts a man wearing armor in a small room with two mirrors.
It depicts the French nobleman Guy de Lusignan held prisoner by Saladin.
The Hungry Lion features a jungle scene of thick green foliage lit by a deep red setting sun.
Wisconsin is the 23rd largest state by total area and the 20th most populous.
It is located in front of the Miller Park stadium west of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The painting shows a group of elegantly dressed men and women during a picnic at the pond in the painter's garden.
He is also a rescuer of beings in hell and is considered a guardian of souls for children that have died before their parents.
Rêve de printemps is a painting by William-Adolphe Bouguereau in the year 1901.
Painted for the sitter, and since preserved in his family.
The relief was previously dated to the early 2nd century AD.
Tracey Emin, CBE, RA is an English contemporary artist known for her autobiographical and confessional artwork.
Comte de Morny, Paris, May 24, 1852, No.
The autumnal colors of the landscape connect this particular painting to October/November.
A Gentleman taking Wine in the Back Court of a House.
The position of the nails in St. Quentin's body is directly inspired to Jacopo da Varagine's Legenda Aurea.
The exhibition is the subject matter of Interior of the Mechanics' Institute, a hand coloured lithograph print from a drawing by Samuel Rayner.
The Bull's popularity has been a problem for local authorities.
The fierce head was sculpted by Jay Hall Carpenter and the stonecarver was Patrick J. Plunkett.
It is one of the more well-known examples of the Russian Suprematism movement, painted the year after the October Revolution.
A tempera on panel work, it is located in the Uffizi, Florence, Italy.
At the foot of the panel, God creates Eve from the rib of Adam.
The main subject in the etching is Jesus Christ on the cross, flanked by the two thieves who were crucified with him.
It is among the best-known Slovenian monuments.
In 2011 it was purchased by Isabel and Alfred Bader.
This painting by Hooch was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1910, who wrote; "78.
The Vallombrosa Altarpiece is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Pietro Perugino, dating to 1500–01.
It is also the only painting of Hidalgo that was featured on the cover of La Illustraccion Española y Americano, a popular weekly magazine in Spain.
At the bottom of the painting is a trompe-l'œil label that reads: "Shirley!.
This picture is represented in two pictures by Jan Steen, Nos.
The sculpture is an abstract, modified cube form made of bronze; it is installed on the lawn.
The painting is in the Philadelphia Museum of Art, in Philadelphia.
The date is not precisely known but is thought to be around the turn of 1618 before his definitive move to Madrid in 1623.
control(human, data, sound) is a technology performance created by Bob van Luijt and performed in December 2014.
The untitled neon sculpture located in Friendship Way is an outdoor sculpture by American artist Cork Marcheschi.
The painting became the property of Goya's son, Javier Goya, in 1812.
The blood that spouted from the host and fell onto the tablecloth in the shape of a cross and he was reconverted.
It is widely recognised as the album cover for the record Radio City by the Memphis band Big Star.
Compared to the tearful sadness of a vanitas scene, the diamond skull is glory itself.'
Winter Landscape near Haarlem is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael.
The portrait statue measures 13' x 5'6" x 5' and sits on a Quincy granite pedestal.
The statue was unveiled in Victoria Square on St George's Day, 23 April 1913 by Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll.
The Kiss is an 1889 marble sculpture by the French sculptor Auguste Rodin.
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is part of the collection of the Rijksmuseum.
It was unveiled in 1933, at a time when the Old Main Building was still in use.
Agricola I is an abstract sculpture by American artist David Smith.
In his right ear is a pearl.
In the 1760 inventory of the Gallery, the subject of the painting was identified as Saint Catherine of Alexandria and attributed to Perugino.
He is offering her coins in her right hand, but she is apparently ignoring the offer and concentrating intently upon her sewing.
The Fountain of Life stands on top of the hill.
Two motifs in this work would recur in later Madonnas by Raphael.
Hope proved popular with the Aesthetic Movement, who considered beauty the primary purpose of art and were unconcerned by the ambiguity of its message.
The work was purchased in 1957 by curator Robert Beverly Hale for the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art , where it remains on display.
(Plaque inscription at south end of wall/bench:)
Like most of Staab's ephemeral sculptures, the work is no longer extant.
Samson and Delilah is a painting by the Flemish Baroque painter Peter Paul Rubens which is currently on display in the National Gallery.
"Heurich Mausoleum" was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
In the distance can be seen the ocean, and Cape Arkona's chalk cliffs, a favorite subject of Friedrich's.
This painting, however, demonstrates an artistic discovery that culminated in his unique, creative style not quite on the brink of being understood and revered.
S. J. Stinstra, in Amsterdam, May 22, 1822, No.
It shows a mounted figure of General Casimir Pulaski.
It is now in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC.
Artists who participated in its creation included David Malangi and George Milpurrurru.
In the right foreground is a rocky bank with a birch stem bent to the right.
ERECTED BY THE MOSES VAN CAMPEN CHAPTER DAR 1923.
It is currently held by the Museo del Prado, Madrid.
In the centre foreground the waves dash on two jetties.
Two jovial officers are resting in a stable.
It is now exhibited at the Musée du Louvre in Paris, France.
All is darkness but for the two large figures.
Figure Study was destroyed; "Figure Study I2 and "Figure Study II" are from 1945 or 1946.
Three Heads Six Arms is a sculpture by Chinese artist Zhang Huan.
YOUNG LADY IN A VESTIBULE RECEIVING A LETTER.
Executed in a highly Cubist idiom, the work nevertheless retains recognizable elements relative to its subject matter.
The Côte des Bœufs at L’Hermitage is an oil-on-canvas landscape painting by the French Impressionist artist Camille Pissarro.
It was described by Sotheby's as "one of the last known masterworks from the dawn of civilization remaining in private hands."
Cleopatra's Wedge is an 18-foot-tall carbon steel sculpture currently on display at the Burns Commons in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The critic Edmund Gosse considered the statue to be "as good as anything of the kind we possess in England".
The sculpture was commissioned by a group of Italian-Americans and was dedicated in 1878.
Postal Service issued a postage stamp depicting three contemporary letter carriers, to commemorate the centennial day.
(Anna is usually said to have conceived three Marys,
It is located at the Frances Perkins Building, in downtown, Washington, D.C..
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria.
Its size is 292 x 386 cm.
It depicts the 81-year-old artist posed in Peale's Museum, then occupying the second floor of Independence Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The convent of Fuligno originally had housed Clarissan nuns since 1419.
And this same flower that smiles today
Woman with Basket of Beans in the Kitchen Garden is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch painter Pieter de Hooch.
He sits behind a table with a book open before him, and gazes thoughtfully into the distance.
The work is executed in glass reinforced plastic with a bronze powder coat.
Instead, the Sabines crushed her to death with their shields, and she was thrown from the rock which since bore her name.
St. John is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals, painted in 1625 and now in the Getty Museum, Los Angeles.
It is also likely his last painting, for he died a year later.
This series is unique in many ways.
The work is part of the Jules Bache Collection housed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.
WITH MALICE TOWARD NONEWITH CHARITY TOWARD ALL
It is administered by the University of Oregon.
Neukom Vivarium is a 2006 mixed media installation by American artist Mark Dion, located at Olympic Sculpture Park in Seattle, Washington, United States.
"Mr. Remling, do you remember what happened to the Buck Winn mural that was on the wall?"
EN 1777 LA FAYETTE TRAVERSANT LES MERSAVEC DES VOLONTIERS FRANCAIS
The work was commissioned by Miller Compressing to demonstrate the value of recycling.
Their one-year terms in office began on Good Friday and they were expected to conduct their inspections thrice weekly.
St. Matthew is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals, painted in 1625 and now in the collection of Colnaghi, London.
It currently hangs in Washington D.C. in the National Gallery of Art.
Hiroshima Nagasaki One-Minute is the subject of two mural-scale paintings made by Nabil Kanso in 1978-79.
St. George and the Dragon is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Vittore Carpaccio.
It is a reproduction of a Horace Vernet painting and actually depicts the Battle of Wagram.
In the distance is a giraffe with its back on fire.
It measures 48 by 55 cm and is signed Michel A F, "Michel Angelo made [this]", Michelangelo being Caravaggio's first name.
The portrait was brought to Parma by Bernardo de' Rossi when he fled there in 1524.
It was originally sited in the church of Santa Maria degli Angeli and now is in the museum of San Marco, Florence.
Hanging in the sky is a clock that reflects on the water as a moon.
The association later proposed a mural for the nearby Red Fox Vintage building.
He heard the Lord say "I am Jesus, whom you persecute, arise and go into the city".
The owner of the Saxenburg estate at that time was Christoffel Thijs, the man who sold Rembrandt his house in Amsterdam.
Sulkowicz said she strongly believed in the video's importance, but that making it had been a "traumatizing" experience.
It shows Saint Roch interceding to the Virgin Mary and Christ Child for the plague sufferers shown around him.
The iron chairs in the foreground had just replaced the wooden chairs in the garden in 1862.
Some restoration and preservation work on the fountain was done as part of the project.
Two laughing boys with mug of beer is a painting by Frans Hals showing a Kannekijker.
The names of the states and ocean areas are stencilled.
She holds up a glass of wine in her right hand, as if she were about to give it to the cavalier with the pipes.
The reliefs were designed by artist Leon Hermant and carved by German sculptor Adolph Wolter in 1934.
It was impossible to continue the work, he needed a new canvas, which finally was brought.
He died in 1888 in Baltimore, Maryland.
The works of Krøyer often emphasise the special effects of the Skagen light, with several memorable works depicting beach scenes.
Jovanović also studied the facial features of locals and sketched them, and so some of their faces appear in the painting.
The Drop was commissioned as part of the 2009 Vancouver Convention Centre Art Project and is owned by BC Pavco.
Rossetti sold the painting to one of his best clients, shipping magnate Frederick Richards Leyland.
This photograph is considered to be one of Strand's most famous works and an example of his change from pictorialism to straight photography.
151 ; Professor Jan Six, Oud Holland, xi., p. 156; Moes, No.
Violent subjects are characteristic of Titian's last years, mostly drawn from mythology or religion, but the directness of this composition stands out among them.
This work is one of the best ones that are part of the historical heritage of the Canary Islands.
The Dessert: Harmony in Red is a painting by French artist Henri Matisse, from 1908.
The Adoration of the Magi is a 1619 Baroque painting by the Spanish artist Diego Velázquez now held in the Museo del Prado.
Paul Emsley was commissioned to paint the Duchess after being selected from a shortlist by Catherine herself.
The other versions have a more open landscape, leading to distant mountains.
The Marilyn Diptych is a silkscreen painting by American pop artist Andy Warhol.
It is a genuine, though not a very well preserved, picture of the later years of his best period.
The painting has also been titled as Hille Bobbe or the Witch of Haarlem.
The dimensions of the painting are 100.5 cm × 81 cm.
The work was commissioned by Duke Vincenzo I Gonzaga for the Jesuit church in Mantua.
The Baptism of the Eunuch is a 1626 painting by the Dutch artist Rembrandt van Rijn, owned by the Museum Catharijneconvent in Utrecht since 1976.
More recent research suggests that the total number of fatalities was considerably greater, about 12,000.
The Virgin and Child Reading is an oil painting attributed to a follower of the Early Netherlandish master Jan van Eyck, from 1433.
It is in the Uffizi gallery in Florence, Italy.
The work is the earliest American painting extant celebrating emancipation.
A 10-inch-high bronze man — also wearing a suit and tie — is struggling to escape his powerful jaws.
The largest example of Le Corbusier's many Open Hand sculptures, it stands 26 metres high.
It is unlikely that the sitter posed with the animals, which were likely to have been separate sittings by Holbein.
The colouring, the textural execution, are marvellous.
The plaque's inscription quotes a speech that Lincoln delivered on 11 February 1861 in Indianapolis.
Bingham brought the painting to St. Louis, Missouri on June 4, 1845, along with several other pieces of artwork.
It was surveyed and deemed "treatment needed" by the Smithsonian Institution's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!"
It is unique in terms of art and ethnography, but also from a technical point of view.
The painting was initially owned by Alexandre Berthier and later by Marcell Nemes.
For example, the silver bowl is not only shown mid-air, but also twisted in an unnatural way for silver to bend.
Bords de la Marne measures 54 × 65 cm, and is currently in the permanent collection of the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Lyon.
However, after giving birth, Fanny died from fever in December 1866.
It is signed, and considered to have been finished entirely by Titian himself.
Les Baigneuses, is a large oil painting created at the outset of 1912 by the French artist, theorist and writer Albert Gleizes.
The painting was completed in 1892 as an informal commission for the Musée du Luxembourg.
Vanity is an oil painting by Italian late Renaissance painter Titian, dated to around 1515 and now held at the Alte Pinakothek in Munich, Germany.
(Six Persimmons is) passion... congealed into a stupendous calm.
The piece was created around 1619 during the early stage of Velázquez's artistic career before he moved to Madrid.
A ray of sunlight, breaking through thick clouds, falls on a field in the left middle distance.
Made probably in 1602/1604 or possibly around 1607, it is now located in the Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna.
Other figures in the panels are probably portraits of figures from the town, now unidentifiable.
In the left foreground is a table with a jug ; behind it is a chair.
It currently resides in the Polish Room at the University at Buffalo Libraries.
There is no consensus on the attribution of the authorship of the painting.
It was executed in 1904 by Enrique Simonet, a Spanish painter, and is one of the many works depicting the scene.
Each panel is painted a different color and has shapes cut out to represent the four seasons.
There Van Gogh had access to an adjacent cell he used as his studio.
The painting depicts a red colored wall of the artist's studio at night, upon which are hung a series of plaster casts illuminated from below.
It is based on the swimming excursions that were enjoyed by the artist and his students.
Strand moved from the posed to portraying the purity of the subjects.
It was dedicated on December 7, 1910.
It refers to the traveling peddlers statue in Münster, Germany.
Eakins was the first American artist to portray one of the few occasions in 19th-century life when nudity was on display.
Cubi XXVI is an abstract sculpture by David Smith, in the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C., USA.
A ray of light illumines the town.
The Lincoln Monument of Wabash, Indiana or The Great Emancipator is a public sculpture by Charles Keck, a sculptor who was born in New York City.
Grande tête mince is a bronze sculpture by Alberto Giacometti.
It is located at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.
PRESENTED TO THE CITY OF PHILADELPHIA BY JUSTUS C STRAWBRIDGE 1899
Campbell's Soup Cans, which is sometimes referred to as 32 Campbell's Soup Cans, is a work of art produced in 1962 by Andy Warhol.
The sculpture is a full-length bronze portrait figure of Hendricks in formal attire with a long dress overcoat.
The central figures are reminiscent of the classic black-clad Grim Reaper, but paradoxically are tending to gardens; traditionally symbols of birth or renewal.
Other editions of the sculpture are on display at:
This sculpture is made from a double wall of fiberglass encasing a sheet of metal meshing.
Cannon Rock is an 1895 oil painting by Winslow Homer.
To her right is a maple tree.
Interior with Portraits is an 1865 genre scene painted by American artist Thomas Le Clear, commissioned by Franklin Sidway.
Other historians have dated the sculpture between 1615 and 1618.
It is housed in the Uffizi Gallery of Florence, Italy.
It is installed above the west entrance of Jerome Greene Hall on Revson Plaza, on the Columbia University campus in Manhattan, New York.
It is now in the permanent collection at the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
It is held at the National Museum of Ancient Art, in Lisbon.
Self-Portrait with Palette is an 1878–79 oil-on-canvas painting by the French artist Édouard Manet.
These paintings were sometimes made as pairs with one showing the view by day and the other by moonlight.
Alfonso d'Avalos, Marquise del Vasto, was a noble Neapolitan, descended from a family of Castilian origin.
Joachim Murat acquired the first or prime version in 1800.
It was commissioned for the bell tower of the Florence Cathedral of Florence, Italy and completed between 1423 and 1425.
The Tempi Madonna is an oil painting by the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael.
The statue of Winston Churchill in Parliament Square, London, is a bronze sculpture of the former British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill, created by Ivor Roberts-Jones.
Painted in Nuremberg soon after his return from Venice, the panels were influenced by Italian art.
Manet later painted an account of the battle itself, The Battle of the Kearsarge and the Alabama.
Judith and Holofernes was likely painted on the first floor, beside Saturn Devouring His Son.
The Surrender of General Burgoyne is an oil painting by John Trumbull.
The print was originally engraved in 1761, with the title Enthusiasm Delineated, but never published.
It depicts the presentation of Jesus Christ by Pontius Pilate to the throngs of Jerusalem.
Susanna and the Elders is a 1647 painting by Rembrandt, now in the Gemaldegalerie in Berlin.
The Reaper is a public art work by artist Gustav Bohland, located on the south side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
In 2011 it underwent a major conservation project.
Dalí describes his work on the painting "to make the abnormal look normal and the normal look abnormal."
It was completed around 1494 or 1495, and is probably the last secular painting of his to survive.
In 2012, Derby Museum commissioned another Captive painting from Emma Tooth.
The painting is owned by Yale University and is currently held at the Yale University Art Gallery in New Haven, Connecticut.
It formerly held the record for the highest auction price for a Lichtenstein work.
Its subject was the royal most frequently portrayed by Velázquez, also appearing in his Las Meninas and Infanta Margarita Teresa in a Blue Dress.
Many art historians think that it is an allegory of painting, hence the alternative title of the painting.
The ballet has since influenced modern interpretations of Odette in Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake and has inspired non-traditional interpretations and various adaptations.
The Magpie on the Gallows is a 1568 oil-on-wood panel painting by Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder.
The painting featured in the final 10 of the Greatest Painting in Britain Vote in 2005, the only work by a living artist to do so.
The door features a full-length female figure, seen from behind.
It also has a label affixed to the back which reads:
The sculpture was purchased in 1975 by the Indianapolis Sesquicentennial Commission and first installed in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana in 1977.
A fifth man is going away through the adjacent garden, upon which a wooden door opens in the middle distance.
Humanists, such as Biondo, Vegio, and Albertini, refer to the ancient-sun god of the Vatican.
The Actor is a 1904 painting by Spanish painter Pablo Picasso, one of the most recognized figures in 20th-century art.
Tiger in a Tropical Storm or Surprised!
Annie Miller, who is thought to have been one of Rossetti's mistresses, posed as a grieving hand maiden.
She opened the city gates for the Sabines in return for 'what they bore on their arms.'
There are definite relationships between the relative directions, however.
It portrays an enigmatic head of a maiden on a brown table, flanked by a green panel with a triangle and a compasses.
The work was commissioned in 1539 by the Marquis himself, during a trip to Venice.
Dali also infused religious elements of Nuclear Mysticism into this painting.
This involved the demolition of post-war extensions on the eastern side of the building, replaced by a new wing completed in 2005.
Orange Curves, a public sculpture by American artist Brent Gann, is located on the Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis campus, which is near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.
The scene on the left shows a statue of a man in a frock-coat from behind.
Larry La Trobe is the name given to a popular, cast bronze statue of a dog situated on the northern end of Melbourne’s City Square.
Martin Luther had recently challenged papal authority, listing among other grievances, Leo X's method of selling indulgences to fund work on St Peter's.
The painting was one of many done for surrealist patron and Magritte supporter Edward James.
The installation is made of acrylic resin tile.
The painting depicts Mahler in a peaceful sleep beside Kokoschka, who is awake and stares into space.
The bronze was initially installed in Palazzo Vecchio in 1476.
The Receiver statue is a 22-foot tall public statue in Green Bay, Wisconsin associated with the Green Bay Packers football team.
Tampuhan, meaning "sulking", is an 1895 classic oil on canvas impressionist painting by Filipino painter and hero Juan Luna.
The "Borghese Hermaphroditus" was later sold to the occupying French and was moved to The Louvre, where it is on display today.
The Beauty of Durrës is a polychromatic mosaic of the 4th century BC and is the most ancient and important mosaic discovered in Albania.
The flagstaff is set on an ornamental pedestal made of Milford pink granite, with a cap made of bronze which includes garlands and rams heads.
In the right foreground there are bottles and glasses on a little table, and a silver dish on the floor.
Saint Bibiana is a sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
The work was donated to the Metropolitan Museum by the Rogers Fund in 1950.
Both Panini and Panini's patron the Count de Stainville make an appearance in the work.
It belonged to M. Maurice Cottier and now is on display at Room 77 of Louvre in Paris.
The alternative title is The Artist and The Connoisseur.
From 9 June to 16 September 2012 the painting was the subject of an exhibition in Venice entitled Cycling, Cubo‐Futurism and the 4th Dimension.
The Bernward Doors are the two leaves of a pair of Ottonian or Romanesque bronze doors, made c. 1015 for Hildesheim Cathedral in Germany.
There is an early copy in the Royal Collection.
The dimensions of the painting are 55.2 by 39 centimeters.
It measures 200.7 by 175.3 centimetres and was completed in 1955.
The Miró Wall is a ceramic tiled wall designed by Spanish artist Joan Miró for the Wilhelm Hack Museum in Ludwigshafen, Germany.
Although Corbet surrendered, Peirson, the 24-year-old commander of around 2,000 troops of the British garrison, refused to surrender.
The Crucifixion is one of the surviving panels connected with the Pisa Altarpiece.
While the painting largely represented—and was one of the pioneers of—an emerging style, the work was criticised by several authorities on the subject.
A Beam of Sun to Shake the Sky is a public art work by American artist Richard Taylor, located in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The dragon was created from 20 short tons of concrete and steel, and stood 35 feet high and 65 feet long.
As of 2014 it stands at the entry to the National Gallery's new wing that opened in September 2010.
Howard agreed to cancellation and never requested his downpayment back.
The Crystal Ball is a painting by John William Waterhouse completed in 1902.
It is a still life of a crab lying on its back with a green background.
Twist for Max is a public art work by artist Bernard Kirschenbaum located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Its authenticity was questioned several times before it was confirmed as a genuine van Gogh work in 2013.
It was commissioned by Bernward, thirteenth bishop of Hildesheim.
The Bride Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors, Even, most often called The Large Glass, is an artwork by Marcel Duchamp over 9 feet tall, and freestanding.
It is the eldest public monument in Oulu.
It is now on display in Robert Adam's stairwell at the Duke's London residence, Apsley House.
Judith and her Maidservant, is displayed in the Palazzo Pitti, in Florence.
Additionally, 2,400 bronze pieces were added to the exterior to outline land masses on the earth.
Painted 1896-97, Lacombe used egg tempera and the inspiration of Japanese prints to depict the cliffs of Vorhor in Brittany.
Dates for the abstract piece range from the 1960s to 1973.
The bronze sculpture was cast in 1896.
Though best known for his illustrations, Lindegger also produced sculptures, and erotic drawings of high artistic value, frequently as illustrations to self-written books.
The Melody Haunts My Reverie is a 1965 screen printing by Roy Lichtenstein, referring to the 1927 song "Stardust" by Hoagy Carmichael.
Though the painting was originally called The Little White Girl, Whistler later started calling it Symphony in White, No.
Since the 1980s, the UCSD Associated Students organization has sponsored an annual event, the Sun God Festival, with the statue as its official mascot.
It also includes a lunette with a Pietà and several predella panels.
The current statue stands in the area between the exposition's Electricity and Administration Buildings, now an intersection, where Richards Drive joins Hayes Drive.
Edward Solly, London, 1837 G535 : ids.).
Where the water spills upon the ground below, grass and a more rudimentary civilization spring up.
The Bosham Head is a large, 375-pound sculpted piece of stone that was discovered in Bosham, near Chichester, around 1800.
It is owned by the Austrian Republic and is on display in the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
It illustrates the poem Echo and Narcissus from Ovid's Metamorphoses.
The Portrait of a Man is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Luca Signorelli, dated to c. 1492 and housed in the Gemäldegalerie, Berlin.
It is one of a series of great works from Titian's last years, but unlike some of these, is fully finished.
Here, both witchcraft and curse, associated with Hecate, are factors to human perdition.
The Donation of Constantine is located in the Sala di Costantino.
The painting shows clearly Cézanne's project of rendering order and clarity to natural scenes, without giving up the optical realism of Impressionism.
Aspire is a work of art, constructed on the Jubilee Campus of the University of Nottingham, in Nottingham, England.
Justice is 11 ft tall, 8.8 ft wide, 9 ft long, and made of cast concrete.
The statue depicts Ellen-Jane and Marianne Robinson asleep in each other's arms on a bed.
As of 2014, the painting is still in their collection.
The painting illustrates a scene from Ariosto's epic Orlando Furioso, in which the Muslim knight Roger saves the pagan princess Angelica from a sea monster.
Constructed just after 1960, it was on display at Alverna Retreat House in Indianapolis.
It is housed in the Galleria Doria Pamphilj in Rome.
The Grant Memorial is a contributor to the Civil War Monuments in Washington, D.C., of the National Register of Historic Places.
A sleeping elder woman is depicted sitting on a bench to the left.
The long arm of the sculpture extends toward Kahlo and, near her shoulder, merges with hers.
Some of the builders are white and others black.
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in the collection of the Hermitage.
It was Baca's first mural and SPARC's first public art project.
His father was becoming increasingly disappointed with his son's choice of profession and unorthodox behavior.
The 1822 Bibliotheca Spenceriana, a catalogue of the Spencer collection, describes it as hanging in one of the bedrooms of the estate.
Cossio had doubts about the title and suggested the Opening of the Fifth Seal.
It is now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
The Mengshan Giant Buddha is a stone statue located in Taiyuan, built during the Northern Qi dynasty.
De Hooch made at least two more paintings with scenes of the interior of the City Hall:
It entered the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 1929, where it is still held.
Save Dragon Point changed its name to Annie and Kids Arts and Education Foundation.
Her Secret Is Patience is a public art sculpture commission designed by artist Janet Echelman for the city of Phoenix.
The Submission of Prince Dipo Negoro to General De Kock is an oil painting on canvas painted by Nicolaas Pieneman between 1830 and 1835.
John Russell Pope served as the sculpture's architect and Edward H. Ratti served as its carver.
Over the course of the two-year period Van Gogh lived in several places.
Mentioned by Waagen in the collection of Sir Robert Peel ; and by Ch.
It was attributed for centuries to Frans Hals and was only properly attributed to Judith Leyster upon acquisition by the museum in 1949.
Its authenticity has been attested by several experts including Maurizio Marini, Maria Ranacher and Sir Denis Mahon and confirmed by a court in Trieste.
In the 1958 version, this is replaced by a gray brick room with an arched open-air window.
The sculpture is an abstract form; it is installed on the lawn.
The Face Engrav'd by Wm Hogarth and Publish'd as the Act directs".
It has been described as "one of the iconic images of the First World War", and is held by the Imperial War Museum.
The Portrait of Daniele Barbaro is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Paolo Veronese in the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam.
It was dedicated on November 3, 1938, and authorized by.
The Separation of Light from Darkness is based on verses 3–5 from the first chapter of the Book of Genesis:
The Bernardo de Gálvez sculpture is located with the Statues of the Liberators, at Virginia Avenue and 22nd Street, N.W.
Rosenberg in their memory at the time of construction of the Performing Arts Center.
He drew at night under lamplight and posed us as he liked.
Brushstroke is a sculpture by Roy Lichtenstein.
There is no truer or heartier work in the exhibition."
Bosch's painting differs from other paintings of John the Baptist in the fantastical objects he carefully depicts.
Banality is a series of sculptures by American artist Jeff Koons.
In the late 17th century, between the years 1683 and 1693, it was overpainted and altered to serve as Bacchus.
The second was completed in 1867 and is now in a private collection.
Hubert Damisch who has written at length about the paintings refers to them as the "Urbino perspectives" or "panels".
The Vision of St. John the Evangelist at Patmos is a series of frescoes by the Italian late Renaissance artist Antonio Allegri da Correggio.
She sports outfits by Calvin Klein Collection, Yves Saint Laurent and Stéphane Rolland.
Robert Emmet is a bronze statue of Robert Emmet by Jerome Connor.
The Medicine Man is a bronze equestrian statue by Cyrus E. Dallin.
This was among several works acquired directly from Matisse in Paris by the Russian collector Sergei Shchukin.
It is one of three known paintings of Delft by Vermeer, along with The Little Street and the lost painting House Standing in Delft.
It is in the church of San Giacomo alla Lungara in Rome.
The idea for this work began as a sculpture made from wooden hat molds.
65,000 people attended the dedication of the Cleveland monument.
The painting depicts Esther, the Jewish wife of the Persian king Ahasuerus, as she prepares to enter the presence of her husband.
It was originally executed for the Franciscan hermitage of Valle Romita near Gentile's birthplace, Fabriano.
The painting was done during Dalí's stay in the United States during 1940 to 1948.
A figure on the right, with a red hat, is showing the cross' nails and the horns crown, symbols of passion and sacrifice.
The bridge is painted taller than it actually was for added effect.
Roberts based the painting on sketches he had made when returning to Australia aboard the SS Lusitania in 1885 after four years abroad in Europe.
In the collection of Sir E. Lechmere, Bart., The Rhydd, till 1883.
The Physicist Hans Christian Ørsted is a monument to Hans Christian Ørsted located in Ørsted Park in central Copenhagen, Denmark.
It formerly held the record for highest auction price for a Lichtenstein painting.
Salome with the Head of John the Baptist, c. 1609, is a painting by the Italian master Caravaggio in the Palacio Real, Madrid.
Equestrian Portrait of Charles V is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Titian.
It is one of El Greco's most famous works.
The Stele of Avile Tite is a monumental Etruscan limestone stele, 1.7 m high, which is kept in the Museo Guarnacci in Volterra.
The harlequin is a self-portrait of the artist.
The first, Portrait of an English Woman, is generally believed to show Roper but may depict another unknown lady of the English court.
The Conversion of Mary Magdalene is an oil painting, an early work by the Italian Renaissance artist based in Venice, Paolo Veronese.
It was believed to be donated by Bishop Azelin, however his predecessor Thietmar is more likely to be the patron.
Owned by the Instituut Collectie Nederland, it is on permanent loan to the Stedelijk Museum De Lakenhal in Leiden.
It later became part of the collection of American steel magnate Elbert Henry Gary.
It is considered a pendant to the portrait of Feyntje's husband Lucas de Clercq.
After the sale, the 7th Duke said, "To all intents and purposes nothing has changed, except the painting will now belong to the nation."
J. J. de J. J. de Faesch, in Amsterdam, July 3, 1833, No.
The drawing is now in the Staatliche Kunstsammlungen of Dresden, Germany.
The Procession in St. Mark's Square is a painting by Italian Renaissance artist Gentile Bellini, dating from 1496.
The canvas seems to portray simultaneously a dreaming woman and the content of her nightmare.
On the right, two green-and-pink Brazilian Amethysts hover about a nest while a red-tailed Sappho Comet perches nearby.
He portrays this thought throughout his painting.
The sculpture is Echelman's first permanent public art installation.
The figure holds a distinctive blue book to his side, perhaps a depiction of the biblical Book of Isaiah.
Now in the Rijksmuseum at Amsterdam, No.
Dr. Laurie Green, unveiled and blessed the work on May 5, 1996, at the 09.30am Eucharist.
The bust is actually a copy of the original which is part of the Smithsonian's collection.
The Portrait of Ippolito de' Medici is a 1532-33 portrait of Ippolito de' Medici by Titian, now in the Palazzo Pitti.
It is part of the City of Portland and Multnomah County Public Art Collection courtesy of the Regional Arts & Culture Council, which administers the work.
How many years does it take for people to realize we're all brothers and sisters in the human race?
He enjoyed them aesthetically and found joy in painting flowering trees.
The position of the figure is said to have been inspired by the Venus de' Medici in the Uffizi Gallery in Florence.
While at Saint-Paul asylum in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence, France, where Van Gogh admitted himself, he strived to have subjects during the cold winter months.
In an allegorical abode where existence hath never come:
The 700 pound bronze bust was commissioned by the state to honor the memory of Indiana's 47th Governor, Frank O'Bannon.
Bacchus is a painting by Italian Baroque master Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio.
Castiglione is seen as vulnerable, possessing a humane sensitivity characteristic of Raphael's later portraits.
This illusion is caused because Rothko would invert his painting toward the final stages of his work, this can be seen in No.61.
The painting is part of the large van Gogh collection of the Kröller-Müller Museum, located in the Hoge Veluwe National Park at Otterlo in the Netherlands.
The foliage painted in these works was likened by Friedländer to the repeated pattern of stitches in embroidery, thus the unusual name for the artist.
It is administered by Pier 39 Limited Partnership Beach Street and the Embarcadero Center.
Hara is a public art work by American artist Deborah Butterfield located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
He was an Official War Artist for Australia.
House in Provence is an oil painting by French artist Paul Cézanne.
The Sacrament of the Last Supper is a painting by Salvador Dalí.
The display requires about nine months and 1,500 hours to complete.
Some inaccuracies in the drawing can be seen.
The Snail is a collage by Henri Matisse.
The piece has two large separate concrete forms that appear to be growing from the ground and separate halfway into an abstract v-shaped form.
In 2006, Randy Shelton reconstructed the artworks on the columns using the photographs for reference.
The Madonna Colonna is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael.
The painting was probably connected to the Venus with Mercury and Cupid, now in the National Gallery of London.
Adam and Eve's first home was the Prague Castle, the property of collector Rudolf II.
Created in 1830, it is currently part of the permanent collection in the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
A Ferrarese assistant collaborated with Giorgione in the realization of the figures.
Erika Wexler, daughter of Norman Wexler, claims to be the "muse" behind several of Lichtenstein's nudes, including this one.
Portrayals of scientists were a favourite topic in 17th-century Dutch painting and Vermeer's oeuvre includes both this astronomer and the slightly later The Geographer.
Long the subject of uncertainty regarding its authorship, Portrait of a Man has recently been re-attributed to Diego Velázquez.
By requiring the viewer to combine the colors optically instead of physically mixing pigments, Divisionists believed they were achieving the maximum luminosity scientifically possible.
Unusually, the painting also includes an image of an elderly couple unrelated to either of the two stories and a middle-aged nymph.
In addition to a commissioned mural in 1932 Dance II, 1932 Barnes acquired many paintings and drawings by Matisse.
Wilhelm von Bode attributed the painting to Domenico Veneziano, while others think of Alessio Baldovinetti.
Development of a Bottle in Space is a bronze futurist sculpture by Umberto Boccioni.
Edge Elements is a public sculpture by Richard Hansen located at South Shore Park on the south side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
He also sees more influence of Rubens on Gainsborough's style and technique, particularly of Rubens's The Descent from the Cross.
I felt like I have this function to do it."
The Pearl and the Wave was the subject of contemporary curiosity.
The painting depicts the main street of the New South Wales town of West Wyalong, with its characteristic bend.
Andromache Mourning Hector is a 1783 oil painting by Jacques-Louis David.
On the right is a bed, resembling that of the Rijksmuseum picture from the Van der Hoop collection, and having similar green curtains.
John Russell Pope served as the sculpture's architect and Edward H. Ratti served as its carver.
In 1968 it was taken briefly again, this time by students at the University of Massachu­setts Boston.
The Italian name derives from the rich baldachin over the scene.
The painting depicts sheep shearers plying their trade in a timber shearing shed.
is an oil-on-canvas painting from 1888 by Norwegian-Danish painter Peder Severin Krøyer.
The mural was part of the renovation of the apartment complex, which opened on 11 December 1972.
A Visit from the Old Mistress is an 1876 painting by American artist Winslow Homer.
It is not strictly finished and was still in Hogarth's estate after his death.
Vivant Denon cut down the canvas to preserve only the painted part of the face and bust.
"This capital production of art is painted in a broad free manner, and possesses great force and effect ".
The painting is set in the area around Gainsborough's adopted city of Bath, where he lived for 14 years of his life.
This painting by Hooch was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1910, who wrote; "192.
It is housed in the Galleria nazionale di Parma, northern Italy.
Formerly in the private collection of Juliette Roche-Gleizes, Woman with Black Glove is located at the National Gallery of Australia.
Darth Vader Grotesque is a limestone grotesque by Jay Hall Carpenter.
The Vortices of Wrath is a triptych painted by Nabil Kanso in 1977.
Herseemed she scarce had been a day
Gash also points out that Paul's narrowed eyes, far from conveying suspicion and malevolence as many writers assert, are the result of chronic myopia.
It seems likely, however, that Bellori was referring to a different painting of the same subject).
The "Never war" monument is an antiwar statue located in Luboń, Poland, on the site of a former German internment camp known as Żabikowo.
Seventy years after its deposit, the painting was restored between 2009 and 2010.
Unusually for a van der Weyden', she does not bow her head or gaze into the middle distance.
A seventeenth-century print of the statue exists in the Teylers Museum, Harlem, the Netherlands.
Dedicated on September 27, 1876, it believed to be the city's first monument depicting a New York resident.
It is located at the Washington National Cathedral, Northwest, Washington, D.C., United States.
Gardner Held by His Mother is a drypoint print dated circa 1889 by the American painter, printmaker, pastelist, and connoisseur Mary Cassatt.
Spirit of the Firefighter is a public art work by American artist Mark Jeffries, located on the north side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Antony Sijdervelt, Amsterdam, April 23, 1766, No.
The Allegory of Prudence is an oil painting attributed to the Italian artist Titian and his assistants.
Gertrude and Leo Stein, c. 1907-c. 1913
The work of Juan Gris from the summer of 1916 to late 1918 bares much in common with that of Metzinger's late 1915, early 1916 paintings.
Donated by the Dan Duncan family, it is part of Dubuffet's "Hourloupe" series, which has companion sculptures in Chicago, New York and Europe.
Lambert composed the painting in a shed at its mother's house in Hornsby, a suburb of Sydney.
The steward looks out of the painting at the viewer with a smile, while obliviously tipping gravy down the chaplain's back.
A Negress is an 1884 realistic portrait study oil painting on canvas by the Polish artist Anna Bilińska-Bohdanowicz.
The sculpture depicts the Greek goddess Persephone.
Corpus is said to be worth $50 million in the current art market.
Many of the shapes in the machine can be seen as letters.
The Swami Vivekananda statue is a bronze statue of the Hindu Indian monk Swami Vivekananda, located in Golpark neighbourhood in the Indian city of Kolkata.
The Doni Tondo or Doni Madonna, sometimes called The Holy Family, is the only finished panel painting by the mature Michelangelo to survive.
The work is part of the Seattle One Percent for Art Collection and administered by the Seattle Arts Commission.
Les Chimères or The Chimaeras is an unfinished painting by the French Symbolist painter Gustave Moreau executed in 1884.
In the foreground below the tower are two small shadowy figures resembling those in future works by Salvador Dalí.
The painting is signed top left: "TITIANVS F".
It was donated in memory of alumnus Robert Goelet of the Class of 1860 by his wife, Harriette W. Goelet.
It is made from clay with some sand soil.
The meaning of the two other male figures on the left side is, like the overall iconography of the image, not entirely clear.
The artwork is jointly owned by the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Whitney Museum of American Art.
The painting is sometimes incorrectly described as the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
A Slice of Reality is a work of modern art by Richard Wilson sitting by the Millennium Dome on the north-western bank of the Greenwich Peninsula.
The altarpiece was commissioned in 1512 by Pope Julius II for the church of San Sisto, Piacenza.
Signed " P. D. H. " ; canvas, 29 inches by 25 inches.
Buck Winn’s lost mural, “The History of Ranching,” had been found.
The memorial is maintained by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency as a state historic site.
The pine dominates the composition without obscuring the view into the distance, and is successful as both specific representation and abstract design.
At the first level, the different ages of the three human heads represent the "Three Ages of Man".
Some art historians discern the hands of other members of Verrocchio's workshop in the painting as well.
A. J. Aved, Paris, November 24, 1766.
The Assumption of the Virgin is a fresco by the Italian Late Renaissance artist Antonio da Correggio decorating the dome of the Cathedral of Parma, Italy.
Lapidarium, also known as Skeletal Horses, is a traveling public sculpture exhibition by Mexican artist Gustavo Aceves.
The artist had to manage not only the altitude of the panel but also the simultaneous molding and painting of fresh stucco.
The Allegory and The Art of Painting differ markedly in style and purpose from Vermeer's other works.
Before the painting was publicly shown, it is believed that the frame on the wall depicted a mirror or a self-portrait, showing Seurat himself.
He is surrounded by other people, who push him or pour a liquid from the barrel.
The work was painted for Philip IV, who paid Velázquez 100 ducats for it.
It depicts a life-sized man dressed in a business suit, hailing a cab and holding an umbrella.
The carriage is pulled by Hera's favourite animals, peacocks.
The frame was paid for by the Joslyn Art Museum Association.
The painting was acquired by the National Museum Wales in 1952 and is on display at the National Museum Cardiff.
The painting commemorates the Battle of Cherbourg of 1864, a naval engagement between the Union cruiser USS Kearsarge and the rebel privateer CSS Alabama.
This was since, though Roman in date, it echoed the 5th century BC Greek style which Winckelmann preferred over Roman art.
In the right foreground is a tree-trunk in the water, with plants on the bank.
The sculpture was designed to move, closing its petals in the evening and opening them in the morning.
The painting is part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
Primavera, is a large panel painting in tempera paint by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli made in the late 1470s or early 1480s.
Soldier at a Game of Chess was painted either before or during his mobilization.
It is also known as The Little Deer.
A judge commented, "Too many young people think of nothing but continuing in this abominable direction.
The painting depicts a curate and his fiancée in a woodland setting.
Canvas, 28 1/2 inches by 25 1/2 inches."
Unlike the other two triptychs with the same name, in Vienna and in Bruges, only a fragment of this one exists today.
"They told me you were the manager of the Corral Room, is that right?"
His companion Camille posed for the figures.
It is currently in the Palazzo Ducale, in Venice, Italy.
The painting was researched by Isa van Eeghen in the 20th-century who discovered that it was a portrait of Maria Trip, the wife of Balthasar Coymans.
It is housed in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, in New York City.
It is 14’ high x 12’ wide x 12’ deep, and made from black painted steel.
Acquired for a time by Picasso, the painting is now in the permanent collection of the Folkwang Museum in Essen.
In the second state, the inscription read: "Wm Hogarth Sergeant Painter to His Majesty.
It was restored and replaced in its original location in 2012.
It consists of five forms, with the largest form measuring approximately 89 x 58 x 27 inches.
Maria and Tommaso's portraits are hung alongside each other at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
The painting is currently on display at the Musée du Louvre in Paris.
The rectangular pilastered plinth carries tablets recording the names of the dead, together with inscription above.
Canvas, 36 1/2 inches by 40 inches.
The painting illustrates the story of an ancestral being called Lungkata, together with eight other dreamings associated with localities about which Clifford Possum had traditional knowledge.
The World War I Memorial is a bronze sculpture, in Berwick, Pennsylvania.
The Seamstress is an 1893 oil painting by French artist Édouard Vuillard, located in the Indianapolis Museum of Art, which is in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Four scenes surround the central figures: the Annunciation and Visitation, Nativity, the Epiphany and the Presentation of Jesus in the temple.
At the back are a high window and an open door, at which stands a child playing with a stick and a ball.
It is an early work by Leyster, who was only 22 years old in 1631.
Maggi Hambling's "witty and amusing" work was chosen for the memorial.
J. J. de Bruyn, in Amsterdam, September 12, 1798, No.
The Tortoise Trainer is a painting by Osman Hamdi Bey which was crafted in 1906 and 1907.
The work shows the clear influence of Italian Renaissance and Baroque artists such as Caravaggio, Tintoretto and Michelangelo.
From this the second faze was created but with a much smaller yield.
White intended for the sculpture to become a place for Milwaukee locals to gather and forge new community ties.
Baron Schonborn, Amsterdam, April 16, 1738, No.
The oil painting depicts Picasso's friend and fellow painter, Angel Fernandez de Soto, in a bar with a glass of absinthe.
It measures 151 by 121 centimeters and is currently housed in a private collection.
Le Défenseur du Temps is a large mechanical work of art in the form of a clock created by the French artist Jacques Monestier.
Michelangelo repeatedly changed the composition and its forms, as is apparent in the cartoon's alterations.
Bellerophon Taming Pegasus is an outdoor sculpture by Jacques Lipchitz, depicting Bellerophon and Pegasus.
The statue of Robert Peel in Parliament Square, London, is a bronze sculpture of Sir Robert Peel, a former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
Corot, whose reputation was made as a landscape painter, painted many images of solitary, pensive women in his later years.
It is believed to have been quite popular, and the triangular positioning became a vogue in the 1790s.
The Phrasikleia Kore is an Archaic Greek statue by the artist Aristion of Paros created between 550 and 540 B.C.
It was originally commissioned in 1921 in plaster and was called American Doughboy Bringing Home the Bacon.
If the 's-Hertogenbosch hypothesis is correct, the date would be around 1489, although later dates have been proposed based on other criteria.
It was previously housed in Galerie Vincent Lecuyer, near Musée d’Orsay and was exhibited in Brussels at BRAFA Art Fair and PAD fair in Paris.
The All-Pervading is an allegorical painting produced between 1887 and 1890 by the English artist George Frederic Watts.
The painting, considered one of Titian's greatest works, now hangs in the National Gallery in London.
It represents the god Cupid in the height of love and tenderness, immediately after awakening the lifeless Psyche with a kiss.
In 2007 the «Portrait of Yevgeny Mravinsky» had been commented on and reproduced in the book «Unknown Socialist Realism.
Aquis Submersus is a painting by the German dadaist and surrealist Max Ernst created in 1919.
Sir Henry Meysey Thompson and others, in London, March 16, 1901, No.
The title is taken from the Southern French dialect.
Friendship Way is the name of the brick-lined alley in the 400-block between Washington and Jackson Streets in Columbus, Indiana, United States.
It highlights Plensa's themes of dualism, light, and water, extending the use of video technology from his prior works.
The same shed is depicted in another of Roberts' works, Shearing Shed, Newstead.
Painting) is a 1927 painting by the Catalan artist Joan Miró.
It is the largest painting by Vermeer and one of the very few with an overt religious motive.
Freedom Bell, American Legion, is a public artwork located at Union Station in Washington, D.C., United States.
Mother's Helper is a public sculpture by American artist Derek Chalfant located on the Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis campus near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.
Honus Wagner is a bronze statue by Frank Vittor, created to honor former Pittsburgh Pirates shortstop Honus Wagner.
The name of the piece refers to "truth" and Hirst describes his work as a "modern allegory of truth and justice".
Friberg included the man with the umbrella in the painting as a tribute.
Such a concession to 'classical' sensibilities did not, however, convince Percy Bysshe Shelley of the work's fidelity to "the spirit and meaning of Bacchus".
Warhol had planned to cover 20 models in 80 pieces.
It is displayed in the Louvre Museum of Paris, France.
It was painted in 1943 and is on display at Musée National d'Art Moderne in Paris, France.
The subject is conventionally identified as Venus, though it may equally be a portrait of a mortal woman.
The statue was designed by Hamo Thornycroft and erected in 1899.
In 1932, funds for a permanent memorial led to the dedication of a bronze cast with "certain changes in appearance from the original".
The neighboring church of Montgeard also houses four pannels of a dismembered Nottingham alabaster altarpiece.
It is housed in the Badia Fiorentina, a church in Florence.
Skull of a Skeleton with Burning Cigarette is an early work by Vincent van Gogh.
The gallery purchased the painting from Draper in 1910 for £600.
Blake's character is described as "the Moon of love to Los's Sun", hence its relationship with Hecate, one of the Moon Goddesses alongside Diana/Artemis and Selene.
Of uncertain attribution, it has been assigned to one between Domenico Ghirlandaio, Biagio d'Antonio or Cosimo Rosselli.
It was returned from the Tate Gallery to the National Gallery in 1950.
After repairs it was reinstalled in June 2001.
It depicts Theotokos with young Jesus in the hodegetria position, and is covered with a riza.
Appreciating the symbolism of rebirth, Van Gogh worked with optimism and zeal on about fourteen paintings of flowering trees in the early spring.
The workers are all shown with nude torsos and tilted heads, suggesting a conversation.
Old Vineyard with Peasant Woman is a drawing by Vincent van Gogh that he made in May 1890 when he lived in Auvers-sur-Oise, France.
The ensemble consists of 8 granite slabs in the form of clay tablets.
MEMBER, ROYAL ARCH MASONIC LODGE, PHILADELPHIA 1779
Dantsig subsequently kept the painting in his workshop before exhibiting it again in the Central House of Artists in Moscow.
It has also been suggested that this is Rembrandt's commentary on the power of portraiture.
The painting was produced during an important time in Swedish history.
The Gothic altarpiece of Santes Creus is an altarpiece painted by Guerau Gener and Lluís Borrassà between 1407 and 1411.
Balaenids have heads that can make up 40% of their body mass to take in water.
Memorial to Maria Raggi is a sculptural monument designed and executed by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini, in 1647.
Mrs. Sheridan was a talented musician who enjoyed professional success in Bath and London before marrying Richard Brinsley Sheridan in 1773 and abandoning her career.
Abiding in the midst of ignorance, thinking themselves wise and learned, fools go aimlessly hither and thither, like blind led by the blind.
A smaller version is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, and a study is on display at Apsley House in London.
Jones' bust of Lincoln is also in the permanent collection of the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.
Portrait of the Artist Holding a Thistle is an oil painting on parchment pasted on canvas by German artist Albrecht Dürer.
Sketches of landscapes the artist wrote in 1899 in the vicinity of the Trinity Sergius Lavra, settling in the village Komyakovo near Abramtsevo.
He intended the painting to be a satire in the manner of William Hogarth.
The work was created as part of a revitalization effort.
Table of Contents is a sculpture designed by the American artist Dale Enochs.
The moon museum is considered the first Space Art object.
As a result, Matisse was forced to spend much of his time during the next year dealing with lawyers and journalists.
Art historian Ellis Waterhouse wrote of it as "a touchstone by which we can interpret the whole of Ribera's art".
The Deposition is a marble sculpture by the Italian High Renaissance master Michelangelo.
In contrast, the woman is lit fully in the face by the candlelight, and wears a white blouse.
The Portrait of a Young Man is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Sandro Botticelli, dated between 1470 and 1475.
This work was photographed and reproduced as a black and white postcard published for the occasion of the Salon of 1906 in Paris.
On arrival in Melbourne, Conder initially based himself at Roberts' Grosvenor Chambers studio and A Holiday at Mentone was Conder's first Melbourne painting.
It is one of the tallest public art sculptures in Britain.
Enclosed Field with Peasant is an oil painting by Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh, painted in October 1889.
Portrait of Baldassare Castiglione is a c. 1514–1515 oil painting attributed to the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael.
Therefore, the stairs themselves tend to become incorporated into that mysterious appearance.
THE BURGOMASTER'S ROOM IN THE AMSTERDAM TOWN HALL WITH A LARGE PARTY.
Directed by W. J. Lincoln and shot near Melbourne, it depicts the flooding of an underground mine and daring attempts to rescue the miners.
It was published in 1857 as part of the series One Hundred Famous Views of Edo and is one of the best known of Hiroshige's prints.
It is one of the most outstanding surrealist paintings of the artist, and it is preserved in the Albright–Knox Art Gallery, Buffalo.
St. Mary Magdalene, with cusp, 200 x 60 cm, Uffizi, Florence
The painting is one of a number by Nolan to use enamel paint, usually Ripolin, a commercial paint not intended for art.
Rhein II is a photograph made by German visual artist Andreas Gursky in 1999.
The statues were located in the city of Melbourne, Florida, north of the Eau Gallie Causeway.
Four Prometheus maquettes exist: one at the Smithsonian Institution, one at the Minnesota Museum of Art, and two in private collections.
Goethe's book on his travels to Italy from 1786–88, called Italian Journey, was published in 1816–17; the book is based on his diaries.
Along with his other works of this period, it was influenced by the Bible, Milton, and Shakespeare.
In Redon's version, Polyphemus is shown as a non-threatening passive creature.
The title is posthumous, referring to the culminating event of a three-day carnival in Madrid ending on Ash Wednesday.
However, recent studies by experts suggest it may be entirely by Mazo.
To their right, seated, is sculptor and critic Zacharie Astruc.
The cube framework by itself is perfectly possible but the interlocking of the "magical" bands within it is impossible.
The painting was Trumbull’s first depiction of an American victory.
The statue commemorates the life of Sir Robert Peel, twice UK Prime Minister and founder of the British Conservative Party, who was born in Bury.
The British were successful in their engagement, capturing all of the prizes, and all but one of the privateers.
P. J. de Marneffe, Brussels, May 22, 1830, No.
The work is mentioned in a 1666 inventory of the Royal Alcázar of Madrid, coming from the collection of Marquess de Leganés.
It shows a distinctly Pre-Raphelite style in which a soft approach to nature and femininity is found.
We Have Always Been Here is a 2015 public art installation by Greg A. Robinson, installed at Tilikum Crossing in Portland, Oregon, in the United States.
I DO ORDER AND DECLARETHAT ALL PERSONS HELD
It was commissioned in 1615 to decorate Schleißheim Palace, along with three other works depicting lion, wolf, and boar hunts.
The two parvorders of whales, baleen whales and toothed whales, are thought to have split apart around 34 million years ago.
One of the earliest landscape paintings of the Renaissance, it combines real animals as well as made up animals.
It is located at Alewife, in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
It is housed at Museo del Novecento, Milan, Italy.
Corten Steel Sculpture is an outdoor 1966–1967 sculpture designed by Timothy Malone, located on the Andrews University campus in Berrien Springs, Michigan, United States.
Trumbull used the General's son, Hugh Jr., as a model for the painting.
Female Ghost is an ukiyo-e woodblock print dating to 1852 by celebrated Edo period artist Utagawa Kunisada, also known as Toyokuni III.
Piero di Cosimo lived in Palazzo Medici from 1456.
Jupiter and Antiope is a series of two similar oil-on-canvas paintings by the late Baroque Flemish painter Anthony van Dyck.
The painting exhibits Wright's famed skill with nocturnal and candlelit scenes.
The voluptuousness of the Venus presented, and her sideways glance, also owes much to the Crouching Venus and Cnidian Venus types of antique sculpture.
The 1895 oil on canvas painting, perhaps the most famous version, is now housed at Rasmus Meyer Collection, Bergen and it measures 67 by 100 centimeters.
Together with his friend Eric James Mellon he then started a pottery workshop in Hillesden, Buckinghamshire.
Gertie's story unfolded as a daily serial in the local newspaper for 37 days, captivating the residents of Milwaukee, the state and eventually the country.
Art historian Christopher White has called it "one of the most magisterial and sombre of these pictures".
It is pigmented with gouache on paper, cut and pasted onto a base layer of white paper measuring 9'4 3⁄4" × 9' 5".
Venus sits beside the pond with doves, the goddess symbol.
Baigneuses: Deux nus dans un paysage exotique is an oil painting created circa 1905-06 by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger.
The sculpture was commissioned for $100,000 to replace a fountain that was removed during construction of Pioneer Place.
Dante and Beatrice is a painting dated 1883 by the artist Henry Holiday that is on display in the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, England.
A chalk study for the Susanna is also in the Berlin Print-room, reproduced by Lippmann, 197.
Manet is depicted on the far left; next to him is another painter Albert de Balleroy.
Its seriousness and formality is added to by the two watches she carries, whilst the handkerchief in her left hand is one of the painting's highlights.
Portrait of Countess Karoly is an 1865 painting by French realist painter Gustave Courbet.
This painting currently resides in the Musée d'Orsay in Paris.
Old copies of the work show the Nativity and Circumcision of Jesus on the wing panels.
The painting has been an object of artistic admiration from Hals's lifetime, as there are several copies and variants painted by his followers.
The painting was extremely controversial when first exhibited, prompting many negative reviews, most notably one written by Charles Dickens.
They are warm-blooded, and have a layer of fat, or blubber, under the skin.
It is now in the British Royal Collection.
The work, dating to Carracci's early career, is a manifest homage to Andrea Mantegna's Dead Christ, which he had perhaps seen in the Aldobrandini collection.
Cole incorporated pieces of architecture from Egyptian, Greek, Roman, and Gothic styles in various different parts of the painting, having dabbled in architecture previously.
It is dedicated to freedom fighters worldwide.
The painted steel sculpture consists of four panels radiating out from a center point.
The Fiesole Altarpiece is a painting by the Italian early Renaissance master Fra Angelico, executed around 1424–1425.
(On book in figure's proper left hand:)
Hundreds of individual donors and foundations contributed funds for the project.
A catalogue was published for the occasion by the American Art Association.
He was an Official War Artist for Australia.
Longstaff oversaw the making of 2,000 prints and 400 of these were given to the nascent Australian War Memorial to sell to raise funds.
He participated in the Battle of Pavia and the conquest of Tunis in 1535.
Thus its exclusively female audience should be considered in analyzing the work.
The exterior vantage point although present only aids in putting the interior activity in perspective.
Delta Solar is meant to pay homage to modern technology and the Inca sun cult.
The Assumption of the Virgin between St. Miniato and St. Julian is a painting by the Italian early Renaissance master Andrea del Castagno, executed around 1449-1450.
For the Biblical event itself, see Crossing the Red Sea.
It is housed in the Galleria degli Uffizi, in Florence.
In summing up his dedication The Bishop stated: "This was truth seen through the believing eye of the artist […]We should embrace the vision".
Paysage coloré aux oiseaux aquatiques is located at the Musée d’Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris.
Caspar David Friedrich in his Studio refers to two paintings by the German romantic artist Georg Friedrich Kersting of 1811 and 1819.
Hogarth uses the story as a parallel to what he considered his own discoveries in art.
Already the heterosexual group, in the renowned poses of preliminary expectation, conscientiously ponders over the threatening libidinous cataclysm, the carnivorous blooming of its latent morphological atavisms.
61 is a 1953 painting by the Russian-American Abstract expressionist artist Mark Rothko.
The Burnside Nest was a temporary outdoor sculpture by Swedish artist Hannes Wingate, installed in Portland, Oregon, United States, in 2014.
It was like one continuous accident mounting on top of another."
"Two Men Reading" was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
Skokloster Castle dates the painting to 1562, though the painting is more often dated circa 1566.
The Titan's Goblet is an oil painting by the English-born American landscape artist Thomas Cole.
Longstaff painted the work after attending the unveiling of the Menin Gate memorial, at Ypres in Belgium, on 24 July 1927.
The painting was first exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1844, though it may have been painted earlier.
The slip-cast white stoneware sculpture measures 4 feet x 23 feet x 5 inches.
It consists of a number of colored shapes arranged in a spiral pattern, as suggested by the title.
The sculpture, constructed from stainless steel, was commissioned as part of the G.R.
The theme of the work can evoke the escape of women by reading.
The monument represents the Washington Grays who served in the 17th, 21st and 49th Pennsylvania Militia during the American Civil War.
The sculpture was commissioned by the Habush, Habush and Rottier Charitable Foundation for $250,000.
As of 2007, the art work was seen by an estimated 12,518 riders on an average weekday, and originally cost $90,000 to construct.
The artwork depicts the two aristocrats Colonel John Dyke Acland and Lord Sydney, a diplomat.
The model was his friend and companion, the Sicilian painter Mario Minniti, at about 16 years old.
The surrounding bush is painted in subdued tones, reflecting his somber and contemplative mood.
It is located in the "Parc du Pescatore" in Luxembourg City and was set up over the old casemate-network of the city.
Three Creeks, One Will is an outdoor 2013 sculpture by Devin Laurence Field, installed in Beaverton, Oregon, United States.
The work sits on the grounds of the Indianapolis Art Center located in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
In 2015 it was put on display in the Cumberland Gallery in Hampton Court Palace.
It is one of two companion works at the theater sculpted by Hebald, the other being The Tempest.
Portrait of Lavinia Vecellio is a c.1545 portrait by Tiziano Vecellio of his daughter Lavinia.
The School of Athens is one of the most famous frescoes by the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael.
It was sold at auction by Christie's in 1971 and "disappeared from view", becoming part of various private collections.
Solar Wreath is a 1997 sculpture by American artist Larry Kirkland, located on the third floor of the Central Library in Portland, Oregon.
This print shows the Lecture Hall, which was the main hall of the Institute.
Ex-Voto de 1662 is a painting by the French artist Philippe de Champaigne held in Paris's Louvre.
Executed in 1443-1445, it was originally placed in the Cathédrale Saint-Sauveur, Aix-en-Provence, southern France.
It stood next to a statue of Queen Victoria.
Eye miniatures or Lovers' eyes were Georgian miniatures, normally watercolour on ivory, depicting the eye or eyes of a spouse, loved one or child.
It has been seen as a visual representation of the mechanics of sound.
A marble David of the family's collection appears in the background.
The one at the National Gallery in Washington is called Christ Cleansing the Temple.
It was discovered in 1916 in Durrës, and since 1982 has been on display at the National Historical Museum of Albania in Tirana.
The Annunciation is an oil painting by the Italian master Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio, finished around 1608.
Her right arm runs down the side of her body while her left hand rests on the shoulder of an African page boy.
One of the prints in the fourth stage is located at the Kemper Art Museum.
Giulia holds a livelier pose than that of her sister Giovanna, whose restraint appears to underscore the familial tensions.
Kelly said that the design of the building was inspired by Romanesque and Byzantine art he studied while in Paris on the G.I.
The Madonna of Foligno is a painting by the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael.
The composition shows the Virgin Mary seated in a landscape with the Christ child, who gazes at a yarnwinder used to collect spun yarn.
It is housed in the Prado Museum in Madrid.
Cox believed these features make this painting what he calls "a pure masterpiece".
This causes the effect of illuminating the sculpture's text onto the outside of the library's walls.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York has a panel with another three miracles, also called by them Three Miracles of Saint Zenobius.
Still Life with Mirror is a lithograph by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher which was created in 1934.
The sculpture is part of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's collection.
In the 1845 sale it was called La Danse des Saisons, ou l'Image de la vie humaine.
Deyan Sudjic, director of the Design Museum, has called it one of London's "design icons".
The colours are darker in the near subjects, while the figures in the background are white, nearly transparent.
It was designed by William A. Johnson Associates of Seattle, Washington, landscaped by Storrow Kinsella Associates of Indianapolis, Indiana and completed in 1998.
Christ in the Desert, or Christ in the Wilderness is a painting by Russian artist Ivan Kramskoi, reflecting the Fasting of Christ.
The Adam Mickiewicz monument in Gorzów Wielkopolski is a notable Gorzów Wielkopolski statue, located near a cross of Lwów Eaglets Street and Władysław Sikorski Street.
Gear 23 is a public art work by artist Steven Feren.
It is a tempera or egg-based painting on a circular wooden panel, with a diameter of 30.5 cm.
The theme of the sculpture reflects the subject of nuclear disarmament.
The Langlois Bridge at Arles is the subject of four oil paintings, one watercolor and four drawings by Vincent van Gogh.
In November 2013 it sold for $105m at auction, setting a new highest price for a work by Warhol.
It is housed in the Uffizi Gallery in Florence.
Through the use of alternate strong lights and deep shadows the chiaroscuro highlights the vividness of the dramatic scene.
By the window is a bird-cage ; behind the parrot there is another picture on the wall.
This statue serves as a memorial to Saint Mother Théodore Guérin and was a gift from the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods.
The painting is now in the Pinacoteca di Brera of Milan, Italy.
It is a 10-storey, 2,174 ft2 public artwork on Juta Street in Braamfontein, Johannesburg, completed in September 2014.
Dalí painted Burning Giraffe before his exile in the United States which was from 1940 to 1948.
Diana sculpted the original statue with a monumental look.
The monument is located at Klang Royal Gardens, opposite the Church of Our Lady of Lourdes Klang.
The double-portrait with the pageboy was an unusual combination for the time.
He was an important prelate, humanist and architectural theorist, who commissioned a number of works from Veronese.
The Creation of the Sun, Moon and Vegetation, is one of the frescoes from Michelangelo's nine Book of Genesis scenes on the Sistine Chapel ceiling.
Painted in 1652, it is one of over 40 painted self-portraits by Rembrandt, and was the first he had painted since 1645.
It is considered to be one of the most brilliant and significant pictures of William Blake.
It features a 54-foot by 15-foot gray granite wall, with 2,312 names permanently etched into the stone.
L'Enseigne de Gersaint, or "The Shop Sign of Gersaint", is a painting by Jean-Antoine Watteau, which is considered to be his last masterpiece.
The inspiration for the painting was an unhappy romantic affair that Munch's friend, Jappe Nilssen, was involved in.
An advance payment was given to Raphael, who originally held the commission for the subject of a Triumph of Bacchus.
The statue was moved to its present location in 1951 and a celebratory unveiling was held on September 15 of that year.
It was tremendously popular and much reprinted.
The 14-foot painted steel sculpture was donated to the museum in 2014.
The coil operates at power levels up to 130,000 watts, 3 million volts and stands 11.5 meters in height.
The Challenge Sculpture is a monument of 8 meters located in a park called The Artist in Itagüi-Colombia.
He used his family as models—his wife Annie for the woman and his young son John for the baby.
It was recovered in Serbia in April 2012.
The painting is a full-length double portrait of the couple seated in a bower of honeysuckle.
Christ cuts across the central panel in a diagonal, stylistically akin to Caravaggio's Entombment where both descent and ascent are in play at a key moment.
The original plan was to have a statue of George II.
The theme continued to develop, being transposed to other locations and settings in a process which the Japanese called mitate.
Expressionist Head by pop artist Roy Lichtenstein is the name associated with several 1980s works of art.
Standing at about 9 feet 8 inches tall, the statue was unveiled on 7 July 2008 during the administration of Governor Babatunde Fashola.
Aggravation de l'Espace is a public artwork by French sculptor Jean Boutellis, located on a median on Central Parkway in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
Following a five-year refurbishment underwritten by the Class of 1965, the statue was returned to Gate 1.
It is also sometimes called Letitia, after the daughter of William Penn, the assumed inspiration for the statue.
Some other scholars such as William Feaver see the painting as "the collapse of Edinburgh in Scotland".
Mentioned by Waagen in the Peel Collection.
Mary Magdalene is a Pre-Raphaelite 1858-1860 painting by Frederick Sandys.
It portrays the condottiero and lord of Rimini and Fano Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta, and is housed in the Musée du Louvre of Paris.
It is currently held by the Indianapolis Museum of Art in Indianapolis, Indiana.
The earlier painting is also far more intimate to the artist as the women in the wagon are portraits of Gainsborough's own daughters, Mary and Margaret.
Saint Jerome was thus a very important painting for the artist.
The work was featured on an Australia Post stamp in 1991 commemorating 150 years of photography.
The sphere is approximately 50 inches high with a circumference of 157 inches.
Its title is inscribed lower right beneath the signature.
Hercules and Antaeus is an early 16th-century bronze sculpture by Pier Jacopo di Antonio Alari-Bonacolsi.
The sculpture was cast in stainless steel and bronze in 40 separate sections by Pangolin Editions.
The work was completed in late 1621, and sits in the church of San Michele in Isola.
In the left middle distance is a wooden bridge, with firs and leafy trees to the left of it.
On the left of a courtyard is a porch built of red brick and stone, with an inscription let into the wall above.
The work was commissioned by First Stage to commemorate its 25th anniversary.
Vue de toits) is an oil painting by French impressionist Gustave Caillebotte executed in the winter of 1878 and 1879.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle based his character Doctor Watson on the regiment's Medical officer, Surgeon Major A F Preston who was injured in battle.
Choosing a position from below, Eckersberg created a composition of firm vertical and diagonal lines in this painting of a medieval church in Rome.
It is one of the last works of French artist Niki de Saint Phalle.
Christ at the Column is a small painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Antonello da Messina, finished around 1475, showing the Flagellation of Christ.
At the first stage, the underdrawing was done and figures painted; at the second stage the landscape and the background were painted around the figures.
It depicts a young woman wearing a headscarf pinned to her hair and has been variously dated as c. 1430s and c. 1440 - 1445.
Kappazuri, also known as kappa-zuri, kappazuri-e, and as katagamizuri-e, are Japanese prints printed in a single color from woodblocks and then colored by stenciling.
Although the painting is dated 1911, this date is generally held in question.
(On plaque, west side of granite boulder: names of commissioners)
St. John the Baptist is a High Renaissance oil painting on walnut wood by Leonardo da Vinci.
Critics agree that the work should be dated to 1630, the same year as his companion painting Joseph's Tunic.
It was completed in 1910, and is in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago.
A second version was commissioned in 1937 by Magritte patron Edward James.
It was created in 1950 and again in 1953 in Brussels, Belgium.
In the collection of the late A. Thieme at Leipzig, No.
A playground might exclude children below a certain age.
The wedding dress was designed by Norman Hartnell, the favoured couturier of the royals, and was made from silk organza.
“He’s facing out – he had everything in front of him.
In this panel it shows the punishment of the wicked with diverse kinds of torture laid out by demons.
Boating on the River Epte is an 1890 oil painting by French impressionist artist Claude Monet.
This particular mountain, that stood out in the surrounding landscape, he could see from his house, and he painted it in on numerous occasions.
William Earl Dodge, Jr. was the original owner of the work and passed it to his descendants.
This was commissioned by the Warren family and passed down through the family before being acquired by the museum.
Life Electric is a contemporary sculpture, dedicated to the physicist Alessandro Volta.
The 50¢ stamps are perforated 13 X 13.5 and were printed by Ashton-Potter Limited.
It serves as the final resting place for the Blundon family.
It was originally entitled Master Lambton and depicts Charles William Lambton, the eldest son of John Lambton.
(To one, it is ten years of years.
It depicts a nude Trajan holding in his arms the Capitoline Wolf, which is doubled as the Dacian Draco, the war standard of the Dacians.
The statues depict three dikgosi: Khama III of the Bangwato, Sebele I of the Bakwena, and Bathoen I of the Bangwaketse.
Some special talk shop themes have included ringtones as "art."
The Canadian Club of Toronto donated The West Wind to the recently opened Art Gallery of Toronto.
The subject of the painting is unknown, but she may be an inmate of the Saint-Lazare hospital-prison in Paris.
Behind the mill on the right is a tree.
In the possession of C. Sedelmeyer, Paris, "Catalogue of 300 Paintings," 1898, No.
"Restful Place" was installed as part of the Center's ARTSPARK initiative.
The sculpture is an abstract form made of four steel bars arranged in a trapezoid; it is rust-colored and installed on the lawn.
The painting features a young man displaying in triangled hands a medal stamped with the likeness of Cosimo de' Medici.
At the corner of the house to the right a servant-girl, standing on a tub, is scouring a brass pot.
The Stufetta del cardinal Bibbiena is a small room in the Vatican, adorned with erotic frescoes painted by Raphael in 1516 and commissioned by Cardinal Bibbiena.
Another young man clutches the thigh of the old man.
It is also a recurring theme in Caravaggio's paintings to find the sublime interrupting the daily routine.
Through their efforts, another section was restored and is displayed in the main entry hall of Wimberley High School.
Vesuvius from Posillipo by Moonlight was painted by Joseph Wright of Derby in 1774.
It is kept in the Museum of Fine Arts of Lyon.
It changed hands several times before settling in 1806 at the Pinacoteca di Brera.
The sculpture was the result of a design competition.
In the left foreground a stream, on whose rocky banks grow firs, forms a waterfall and flows along the foot of the hill.
However, the Arrotino is now recognised simply as a first-century BC copy from a Hellenistic original.
He painted this painting for the English horse dealer Adam Elmore.
Portrait of George Dyer Talking is an oil painting by Francis Bacon executed in 1966.
The bronze sculpture was designed during 1947–1953/1981 and cast in 1984.
Above the woman's head is a window, between two cross-beams.
The fee was a thousand scudi, more than double any Caravaggio had received previously.
It is said that his wife wrote the epitaph.
The second version, contrary to what one might think, is not an oil sketch but a completed version which develops many elements of the London work.
It serves as the final resting place for the young Teresina Vasco.
The painting shows a male figure with garlanded head and leopard skin, seated in an idyllic landscape.
It is one of several examples of military art that Lichtenstein created between 1962 and 1964, including several with aeronautical themes like this one.
The Paradiesgärtlein is one of the earliest paintings to naturalistically depict plants; they are all clearly recognisable.
During the early-to-mid-1940s Matisse was in poor health.
In the background is a Giorgionesque landscape with the river Jordan, in which Christ was baptised.
There are over 160 examples of this traditional clothing in museums around the world.
Both the light and the colours of the painting give the impression of a pattern that is not imposed on nature, but is there naturally.
The sculptures represent deities related to rail transport in the United States.
It consisted of a 50-foot spike with eight cars impaled on it.
The standing groom, forehead smooth and face in darkness, appears oblivious to the event.
1891 painting by the American artist Thomas Eakins, now in The Phillips Collection.
Tirth Pat is not indicative of distances, elevation, topography and direction and is solely used for evocation of Jain pilgrimages.
Albert Lindegger died at the hospital San Giovanni in Bellinzona in 1991.
The work was commissioned to mark the grave in Forest Hills Cemetery in Jamaica Plain, Boston, Massachusetts, of the brothers Joseph, James and Martin Milmore.
It depicts Dyer sitting on a revolving office stool in a luridly coloured room.
The NGA describes the work as a "majestic group portrait".
Grande Odalisque attracted wide criticism when it was first shown.
Although of historical interest, it is generally considered to be of poor artistic quality.
It is housed in the Uffizi, Florence.
Dalí completed this painting in 1937 on his long awaited return to Paris after having had great success in the United States.
Christmastide Divination is a painting by Russian artist Konstantin Makovsky from around 1905.
Daybreak is regarded as the most popular art print of the 20th century, based on number of prints made: one for every four American homes.
The work features a 60-foot Western hemlock that fell outside of Seattle in 1996, acting as a nurse log within an 80-foot greenhouse.
In Vladimir Nabokov's novel Pale Fire, Professor Kinbote says he placed in his lodging-house "the reproduction of a beloved early Picasso: earth boy leading raincloud horse".
It depicts the Cleansing of the Temple, an event in the Life of Christ.
Rhea Carmi, is an Israeli American abstract expressionist and mixed-media artist.
Ramon Casas and Pere Romeu in an Automobile is a painting by Ramon Casas that is exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
It is currently on display at Playland-Not-At-The-Beach.
The Visitation is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Domenico Ghirlandaio, dating 1491.
Whoever makes a DESIGN without the Knowledge of PERSPECTIVE will be liable to such Absurdities as are shewn in this Frontiſpiece
During the excavations, the statue was discovered upright on its pedestal, next to the wall of a brick chamber, alongside the holy Temple.
This painting was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1908, who wrote; "126.
A subject that fascinated Van Gogh was the working class or peasant, inspired by the works of Jean-François Millet and others.
Woman Ironing is an oil painting by Pablo Picasso completed during the artist's Blue Period.
Painterly Realism of a Peasant Woman in Two Dimensions,  more commonly known as Red Square, is a 1915 painting by Kazimir Malevich.
When Simberg was asked to paint frescoes for the Tampere Cathedral in 1905–06, one was a larger version of The Wounded Angel, his favorite painting.
A Rosenberg label on the reverse bears the information "No.25112 J.Metzinger, 1913."
Queen of Sheba is a public art work by artist Alexander Archipenko located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
It is now in the Louvre in Paris.
The very term Fauvism may have been influenced directly by Rousseau's The Hungry Lion, although Rousseau was not himself counted as a Fauve.
Chassériau frequently used his siblings, especially his sisters, as models for drawing and painting.
Conversations with Magic Stones, Figure Three is a public art work by English artist Barbara Hepworth located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
In his monograph of Renaissance art, Sydney Freedberg writes:
As a very popular artist of the 17th century, the Dutch Golden Age, Vermeer depicted many women in similar circumstances within interior, domestic scenes.
Gabrielle Cot was the daughter of the French painter Pierre Auguste Cot, the most notable pupil of Bouguereau.
The painting Gabrielle d'Estrées et une de ses soeurs is by an unknown artist circa 1594.
Van Gogh leverages a perspective frame that he built and used in The Hague to create precise lines and angles when portraying perspective.
The whole painting was a Republican symbol, and obviously had immense meaning during these times in France.
His daughter Margaret is fourth from top, holding a trumpet.
On the lower part there is a note that indicates that it came from the Florentine Church of Saint Barnabas.
Spring Scattering Stars is a 1927 Neoclassical painting by American artist Edwin Blashfield.
Jeune Fille Endormie is a 1935 work by Spanish painter Pablo Picasso.
Engraved in mezzotint by J. G. Prestel.
The Arch 1979–1980 is a large stone sculpture by Henry Moore located in Kensington Gardens in Hyde Park, London.
Babe Ruth is a legend in the world of baseball.
It's currently housed in Munch Museum in Oslo, Norway.
Fabrication of the mural began in September 1973 and finished by the end of the year.
The statue of friendship between Leningrad and Turku is a statue located in Puolalanpuisto park in Turku, Finland.
When the artist saw her sculpture she was "shocked to see the wear and tear".
It features reliefs representing Horner during his years as probate judge and as governor.
Past is a 1935 outdoor sculpture by Robert Ingersoll Aitken, located in front of the National Archives Building in Washington, D.C., in the United States.
The Burnside Fountain's popularity is derived mostly from viewers' incorrect interpretation of the statue.
The one closest to the lower edge of the canvas is a slightly blackened crimson.
The Choice of Hercules is a painting by the Italian Baroque painter Annibale Carracci.
Birds of Knowledge of Good and Evil is a public artwork by Polish sculptor Magdalena Abakanowicz.
Dark background ; the figure is lighted from above to the left.
Peel is depicted in contemporary dress, "addressing the House of Commons on the memorable subject of Free Trade"
The year 1985 was marked by many events that left an imprint on the history of Soviet and Russian Fine Arts.
Fragment of a Crucifixion is a 1950 canvas by the Irish-born, English figurative painter Francis Bacon.
The child's figure is illumined from a high window on the left and from a door in the background.
Depicting the bustling urban life of Suzhou, it combines Western perspective with traditional Chinese style.
The 1958 reproduction of the painting was used for the album cover of Beck-Ola by The Jeff Beck Group.
The sale was conducted by Otto Bernet and Hiram H. Parke at the American Art Galleries.
It depicts a scene in the Folies Bergère nightclub in Paris.
The Destroyer is a 1971 painting by American artist Frank Frazetta.
Young Municipal Center on Woodward Avenue in Detroit, Michigan, in the United States.
The Stoning of Saint Stephen is the first signed painting by Dutch artist Rembrandt, painted in 1625 at the age of 19.
It depicts a pair of young lovers in an embrace.
The colouring is cool and clear in tone.
Picasso was intrigued with the subject, and revisited the theme numerous times that year.
Lost on the Grand Banks is one of several paintings by the American painter Winslow Homer on marine subjects.
In the 18th century, the painting belonged to the Spanish House of Alba, whose name it bears.
The trapezoidal abstract sculpture is made of Cor-Ten steel; it is installed on the lawn.
The guild commissioned this portrait and it hung in their guildhall, the Staalhof, until 1771.
The Siege of Asola is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance master Tintoretto, executed in 1544-1545.
He is dressed in a three-piece suit and is seated behind a desk.
The official version states 1411 or 1425-27.
This sculpture sits at the site of the Morgan Family Plot.
This painting shows the typical courtship during the 17th century in Europe.
Actor Arashi Rikan II as Osome is an ukiyo-e woodblock print by Osaka print artist Ryūsai Shigeharu.
It was discovered upon closer investigation that Caravaggio included a miniature self portrait of himself painting the subject in the reflection of the offered glass.
In the right foreground lie two millstones.
The style is somewhat similar to his Death of the Miser.
The Madonna with St. Catherine of Alexandria and St. Martin of Tours is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Filippino Lippi.
In 1906 he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member and became a full Academician in 1909.
Behind this panel is a picture in an irregularly shaped frame.
A replica is in the Stockholm Museum.
It is a kind of inventory of the masia owned by his family since 1911 in the town of Mont-roig del Camp.
AS BRIGADIER GENERAL IN THE VIRGINIA CONTINENTAL LINE"
Signed to the left on the window-frame "P de hooch" ; canvas, 26 1/2 inches by 24 inches.
The painting illustrates an episode from "The Life of St. Sergius" by Epiphanius the Wise:
It is a contributing monument to the Civil War Monuments in Washington, D.C., listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Marforio maintained a friendly rivalry with his most prominent rival, Pasquin.
Of This Men Shall Know Nothing is oil on canvas painting by a German painter, sculptor, graphic artist, and poet Max Ernst.
Francois Delessert, Paris, May 15, 1869, No.
In those paintings the trees appear to stand in resignation, whereas that of The Tree of Crows seems animated by desperation.
Crabs are decapod crustaceans of the infraorder Brachyura, which typically have a very short projecting "tail", usually entirely hidden under the thorax.
The 9 foot laminated marble sculpture depicts an abstracted referee with legs spread apart and arms raised.
The figure is portrayed wearing a draping dress, with the proper left shoulder bare.
Esther is a painting by John Everett Millais depicting the central character from the Biblical Book of Esther.
The 3.5-metre high statue is a replica of an original by Anatoly Novikov in Lyubertsy, where Gagarin was trained as a foundry worker.
It is the first full-sized painting by Van Gogh to be newly confirmed since 1928.
A division ran right across the image, from one edge to the other like a horizon line.
The Palace of Memories is a painting in oil on canvas, 46.2 × 38.2 cm, created in 1939 by Belgian surrealist artist René Magritte.
The painting was a silver medalist during the 1884 Exposicion General de Bellas Artes in Madrid, Spain, also known as the Madrid Exposition.
This program has commissioned more than 170 permanent works of art for public transportation facilities the MTA owns and operates.
After being "lost" for over one hundred years, Corpus surfaced in Venice in 1908.
It depicts gladiatorial contests, animal hunts, and scenes from everyday life.
St. Jerome with the white beard and red garments;
The Jester Named Don John of Austria is a portrait by Velázquez, now in the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
Captain Nathan Hale is a bronze statue of Nathan Hale, by Bela Lyon Pratt.
In addition, the discarded shoes in Netscher's painting are unlikely to be the girl's own, hinting again at a sexual overtone.
Il bacio is an 1859 painting by the Italian artist Francesco Hayez.
The sculpture is an abstract form created from over two tons of steel sheets welded together.
Seven impressions of the lithograph are known, of which one is annotated At Eternity's Gate.
He retired from sculpting in 1903 and worked in the family business eventually becoming its chairman in 1910.
In 2009, the statue was relocated to AT&T's current corporate headquarters in downtown Dallas, Texas, USA.
In the background, a raised platform displays the finished tapestries.
It is currently housed in the Museo dell'Opera del Duomo in Florence.
Yard with Lunatics was painted around the time when Goya’s deafness and fear of mental illness were developing and he was increasingly complaining of his health.
The Peacemakers is an 1868 painting by George P.A.
The Three Crosses does not allow for dramatic contrasts of light and shade, known as chiaroscuro.
It was renovated in 1994 and a protective glass canopy was installed.
It is housed in the Galleria Borghese in Rome, Italy.
The work portrays the Madonna enthroned surrounded by several saints.
The incorruptible statesman whose walk was upon the mountain ranges of the law.
In the right foreground, Juno practices her lines, while Night, identifiable by her star-spangled headdress, darns a hole in her stocking.
The painting shows a young woman who is sitting in the nature, surrounded with flowers and butterflies.
Workers' Memorial is a sculpture in Indiana, United States by artist Daniel Edwards made to commemorate workers who have died on the job.
In 2014 it was put on display in the "Cumberland Gallery" in Hampton Court Palace.
It is considered a pendant to the portrait of Hylck's husband Johannes Saeckma.
Untitled is an outdoor sculpture by American artist John Spaulding.
The picture might well be taken as a typical Janssens, but it is unquestionably a genuine de Hooch, dating from the commencement of the Amsterdam period.
On either side are beeches and oaks, reflected in the water.
Hals was not the only painter to be influenced by Baburen.
In 1937 Femme à l'Éventail was exhibited at Musée du Petit Palais, Les Maitres de l'art indépendant, 1895-1937, no.
Caravaggio painted an adolescent page wearing an elegant brocade doublet, leaning with both hands over the water, as he gazes at this own distorted reflection.
Tornabuoni, a scion to a banking family, would have probably had an education focused on numbers.
It takes several years to publish an average sentence.
It is housed in the Bellomo Palace Regional Gallery, in the historical center of Syracuse, Sicily.
According to Droste, "The illustration indicated the wholesome effect of chocolate milk and became inextricably bound with the name Droste."
The statue was placed in October 1904 but was not officially unveiled until June 18, 1905 with a speech by Archbishop F. Symon from Rome.
It is a tronie, a study of facial expression and unusual costume, rather than a commissioned portrait.
Scipio Africanus Freeing Massiva is a painting depicting a scene from ancient Roman history by the Venetian artist Giovanni Battista Tiepolo, painted between 1719 and 1721.
The Adoration of the Magi is a Gothic painting by Stefano da Verona.
In the Bible, Adam and Eve use fig leaves to cover themselves after their deception in the Garden of Eden.
Now in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam, Van der Hoop bequest, No.
Delta Solar is a public artwork by Venezuelan sculptor Alejandro Otero located outside of the National Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC, United States.
“Gottlieb, in other words, had done for Judaism what the great Italian artists of the Renaissance had done for Christianity.
The edge of the canvas is rather damaged, but the central panel is in good condition.
Harvey committed suicide before finishing the sculpture, and Sherry Fry completed the bronze.
The painting was Géricault's first exhibited work.
It is in the collection of Derby Museum and Art Gallery.
It is on display at the Smithsonian American Art Museum in Washington, D.C..
It formerly held the record for highest auction price for a Lichtenstein painting.
Over time, the original gilding wore off and the few remaining flakes were removed in 1950.
It was surveyed by the Smithsonian's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!"
It is currently in the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
Graft is a sculpture by Roxy Paine.
Sadly, just as Van Gogh's work was gaining interest in the artistic community, he was not well enough to fully enjoy it.
523, 594 ; by Dutuit, p. 35 ; by Michel, pp.
It was surveyed and deemed "treatment needed" by the Smithsonian Institution's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!"
If he travelled eastwards by boat, then this could explain why he made so many sketches of water mills and sluices.
The painting was commissioned by Sergei Shchukin, who hung it with Dance on the staircase of his Moscow mansion.
A smaller study of the same painting is at the Hidalgo Hall of the Lopez Museum in the Philippines.
The piece is in the Tate Modern collection in London.
Caravaggio painted another version of the Supper at Emmaus in 1606.
The San Giobbe Altarpiece is a c. 1487 oil painting by the Italian Renaissance master Giovanni Bellini, now in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in Venice.
Otterness became so obsessed with this project, that he delivered more than four times the amount of artwork he was originally commissioned to produce.
This early plaster sculpture is one of six casts that Brancusi made of the 1907–08 The Kiss.
This work also displays Ernst’s interest in typography.
The Duchess, contrary to considerable criticism in the art world, highly praised the portrait after viewing it initially in a private family gathering.
I mean, I’d known it but I hadn't gone back to it for years, not since I’ve become a painter anyway ...
Etched by N. Mossoloff in Les Rembrandts de l'Ermitage ; and in the Zeitschrift für bildende Kunst, viii.
The image may also allude to the Three Fates — the Moirai of Greek mythology and the Parcae of Roman.
Peter Paul Rubens painted The Elevation of the Cross after returning to Flanders from Italy.
The painting expresses Dalí's renewed hope in religious leadership following the devastation of World War II.
In 1886, it was sold to the Diputación Provincial de Barcelona for 20,000 pesetas.
The original location of the statue was chosen to be where Gagarin first met the then Prime Minister Harold MacMillan.
However, the current Ringling museum website states the work to be the design of Bernini and executed by Giuliano Finelli.
This painting is part of a series of paintings Monet undertook during 1908.
The sculpture is made of frosted stainless steel aluminum.
Bates became famous for spending most of her later years living among Aboriginal tribes in the outback, including sixteen years at Ooldea.
The portrait is thought to have been painted in about 1637–38, only a few years before the English Civil War broke out in 1642.
His head is seen in full face ; he looks up to the left.
Nocturne: Blue and Gold – Old Battersea Bridge is a painting by the American artist James McNeill Whistler, now held in the collections of Tate Britain.
Measuring 121.9 cm × 121.9 cm, Oh, Jeff...I Love You, Too...But...
It is one of the most famous images of the French Revolution.
"Victor S. Blundon Monument" was surveyed as part of the Smithsonian Save Outdoor Sculpture!
His house is now the Freud Museum.
The Negress is a bronze sculpture by French artist Jean-Baptiste Carpeaux.
Tulip to Life is a public artwork located on the grounds of the Indiana Government Center South in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
The grandeur and solemnity of the scene is strikingly enhanced by rolling stormy clouds, in which may be perceived the evanescent colours of a rainbow.
He continued work for two more years, completing the work in 1890.
Toward the left is a figure seated in a chair with his back turned to the entire scene.
It is usually regarded as a late work by the artist, dating from around 1657.
The antibody is placed into a ring referencing Leonardo da Vinci's Vitruvian Man highlighting the similar proportions of the antibody and the human body.
The Seattle Monolith was a guerrilla art installation by a group of Seattle artists calling themselves “Some People”.
Some also suggest that the elongated figures are reminiscent of the style used in Mannerism.
Highly sophisticated, both in theory and in practice, this aspect of simultaneity would soon become identified with the practices of the Section d'Or group.
He is also an important prophet in Christianity, Islam, the Bahá'í Faith, and a number of other Abrahamic religions.
Causid-Brück of Cassel, Frankfort-on-Main, February 10, 1914, No.
It ridicules secular and religious credulity, and lampoons the exaggerated religious "enthusiasm" of the Methodist movement.
The tuning of a lute was recognized by contemporary viewers as a symbol of the virtue of temperance.
General Douglas MacArthur is a public artwork by American artist Robert L. Dean, a 1953 graduate of the United States Military Academy.
In a sense, the perspective is reversed, with the smaller paintings projecting out towards the viewer.
Calvin Fletcher is a public artwork by an unknown artist, located inside the Indiana Statehouse in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
Residents and critics have praised the fountain for its artistic and entertainment features.
In a corner on the Macintyre is a 1895 painting by the Australian artist Tom Roberts.
The Fall of the Damned, conversely known as The Fall of the Rebel Angels is a monumental religious painting by Peter Paul Rubens.
The painting is in oil on canvas and measures 104.2 centimetres by 75.8 centimetres.
The painting depicts the extraction, by a man wearing a funnel hat, of the stone of madness, a "keye" from a patient's head, using trepanation.
Another suicide proposed to be connected with the painting was that of an artist whom Émile Zola had written about in 1866.
Like many of Lichtenstein's works its title comes from the speech balloon in the painting.
Elliot Offner was commissioned through the Franz Bader Gallery in New York to create the monument.
A replica of the latter of the two, with variations, is in the Liria Palace in Madrid, though this is attributed to another painter.
It has been described as "the most beautiful and powerful of Goya's Osuna witch paintings."
The Prado Museum currently assigns the work to Mazo.
A similar portrait, titled Portrait of a Woman, was painted by Pollaiuolo's brother Piero del Pollaiuolo.
The work is on public display at the Musée d'Orsay in Paris, Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, and the Musée de l'Orangerie in Paris.
The monument is a bronze full length portrait dedicated to theologian Martin Luther.
There is this nostalgic aspect about waiting rooms where people pass by briefly before leaving...
The Woman with Gambling Mania is an 1822 painting by Théodore Géricault.
Conrad first expressed interest in building the sculpture in either Beverly Hills or Santa Monica in 1988.
It was originally kept in the Musée du Louvre, then was transferred to the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Lyon.
Still Life with Beer Mug and Fruit is an oil painting created in September 1881.
It is in the National Gallery, London, United Kingdom.
It is housed in the Capitoline Museums in Rome, Italy.
The painting depicts a legend from Norse mythology in which the Swedish king Domalde was sacrificed in order to avert a famine.
Venus and Amor was painted after Holbein's return to Basel following a short stay in France.
The Vrihat Samrat yantra is a sundial that can give the local time to an accuracy of 2 seconds.
Bedi-Rassy Art Foundry served as the sculpture's founder.
The sculpture, which depicts Mary, is located at St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church in Decatur, Indiana in the United States.
Such symbolism is also suggested by the presence, behind the neophyte on the right, of figures dressed in an oriental fashion.
The Portrait of Ugolino Martelli is a painting by the Italian artist Agnolo di Cosimo, known as Bronzino, executed in 1536 or 1537.
The grouping was one of the most celebrated American sculptural works of the late 19th century.
Etched by L. Flameng in the Gazette des Beaux-Arts, and in Dutuit, iii.
During World War II the Germans transported it to Königstein Fortress.
Ascending and Descending is a lithograph print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher first printed in March 1960.
Its face featured on the medal given to the 15,000 finishers at the Reading Half Marathon race in 2016.
The bridge was designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel and completed in 1838.
This particular example is one of several that are cropped so closely that the hair flows beyond the edges of the canvas.
It is currently held and exhibited at the Musée d'Orsay in Paris.
It opened in 2008 by Carnegie Mellon University art professor Jon Rubin as a 2-semester student art project.
The column heights are 4–6 meters, and the dimensions of the birds are: height 100–160 cm, width 190–260 cm, length 120–135 cm.
Upon the sightless couriers of the air.
Paysage Bords de Seine  is an 1879 oil painting by Pierre-Auguste Renoir.
The drawing also once contained a sketch of the apostle's head, but the sheet with the head has been separated from it.
The pose is a usual one for the episode, showing David striding in triumph with the head in his hand.
Four versions were painted, two of which are among the last surviving cycloramas in the United States.
It was lost and later rediscovered, and restored and exhibited in 2011.
The house is not represented, and there is no vista.
It depicts an outdoor architectural setting similar to other works by de Chirico at this time.
To the right side of the Yellow House, the Avenue Montmajour runs down to the two railway bridges.
The basic story took on many extra details during the centuries.
Tirth Pat is a religious map and topographical rendering used in Śvētāmbara Jainism religion for representing places of pilgrimage.
It consists of six people and a dog standing under a shelter and waiting for public transportation — specifically, the Seattle-Everett Interurban.
It is currently in the permanent collection at the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
It has since been surpassed by Rhein II.
The abstract patterns of drapery emphasize the motion of both figures of God.
41; and Der Sturm, Berlin, July – August 1914.
The mural includes highlights of Lichtenstein's earlier works.
In 1993, Frog Baby was restored and placed in a fountain where it resides today.
Dickens and Little Nell is a bronze sculpture by Francis Edwin Elwell that stands in Clark Park in the Spruce Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia.
The Portrait of Charles V is an oil on canvas portrait of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor by Titian, painted in 1548.
H. A. Bauer and others, Amsterdam, September 11, 1820, No.
38 ; bought for the Institute by the Frankfort Art Union.
The statue is 5 feet wide by 15 feet high.
According to myth, the infant Heracles was brought to Hera by his half-sister Athena, who later played an important role as a goddess of protection.
The bronze relief depicts the life and work of Samuel Wilson in Troy, New York and Mason, New Hampshire, and in Menotomy, Massachusetts.
In the painting Pope Leo IV, with the features of Pope Leo X, is giving thanks after the Arab ships were destroyed by a storm.
Elective Affinities is a 1933 painting by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte.
If there is one slavery monument whose origins are highly political, the Freedman’s memorial is it.
The vanishing point is at the child's foot.
The sculpture is located in front of IUPUI's HITS building near the Creation Café at 337 West 11th Street.
Lander's Peak immediately became a critical and popular success and sold in 1865 for $25,000.
The oil-on-canvas work was commissioned in 1817, purchased in 1819, and placed in the rotunda in 1826.
Other similar Botticelli paintings are to be found in the National Gallery, London, the Gemäldegalerie, Berlin, and in the Marubeni Collection, Tokyo.
Romulus and Remus is a painting by the Flemish artist Peter Paul Rubens.
Ronald Doyle "Lonnie" Mayne was an American professional wrestler in the 1960s and 1970s who frequently went by the name Moondog Mayne.
The bronze sculpture from 1908 depicts two men, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich von Schiller, one holding a laurel wreath and the other a scroll.
The subject is a model employed by Bouguereau for this and other paintings, including The Bohemian.
Figures depicting an artilleryman, a cavalryman, a marine, and an infantryman stand at the four corners of the pedestal's central section.
The Blue Room is a 1901 painting by Pablo Picasso painted during his Blue Period.
Based on the description of an ancient lost painting by Apelles, the work was completed in about 1494–95, and is now in the Uffizi, Florence.
The baby Jesus is less of a small man and more childlike.
Renoir began work on the painting in April 1881 and on July 7, 1881, it was bought by the art dealer, Paul Durand-Ruel, for 1,500 francs.
The Hay Harvest, is an oil on wood painting created by Pieter Bruegel, in 1565.
Some animals, like the bear, have been entirely repainted.
As an art historian, Schmidt wanted to find out what had happened to the mural at the brewery.
San Domenico still contains a Lotto fresco depicting St Vincent Ferrer.
The technique of Portraits at the Stock Exchange can be more closely related to Impressionism than many of Degas's earlier works.
Various authors suggest different dates, such as 1408-1425, 1422-1423 or 1420-1427.
A pink Chanel suit was worn by Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy on November 22, 1963, when her husband, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas.
The work commemorates William Starke, a local business man involved with the C.H.
The painting depicts a Romantic panorama of the Connecticut River Valley just after a thunderstorm.
It is one of the most iconic images of Henry and is one of the most famous portraits of any British monarch.
A fête or fete is an elaborate festival, party or celebration.
The painting is characterized by the attention to detail and vivid colours.
The prints were first published in serialized form in 1856–59, with Hiroshige II completing the series after Hiroshige's death.
In the foreground is a bunch of bananas, another recurring image in de Chirico's work.
Over his career Van Gogh did not make many paintings of children, but those he completed were special to him.
Danaë is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Correggio, executed around 1531 and housed in the Galleria Borghese in Rome.
The work depicts six saltimbanques, a kind of itinerant circus performer, in a desolate landscape.
It is unclear if the when or if the artist cast the final sculpture.
Van Gogh was unsatisfied with the painting, he described it as "ugly and unsuccessful", but thought the challenge might expand his artistic range.
The frieze becomes more convex at its centre with the figures of Virgin and Child, as in the later Pitti Tondo.
The three parts of the interactive work are called Pythagoras, Kepler, and Galileo, and are all controlled by levers located on the subway platforms.
The Lafayette Monument is a bronze equestrian statue of Gilbert du Motier, marquis de Lafayette, by Andrew O'Connor, Jr.
Using the WinnKit, she told the story of Buck Winn’s artistic and architectural genius to local civic organizations and hundreds of Wimberley schoolchildren.
The Four Seasons is a cycle of four frescoes by Francesco Sozzi in the Palazzo Isnello, Palermo, Italy.
On the right a servant-girl, with skirt tucked up, is bringing a child in leading-strings.
As part of American Revolution Statuary in Washington, D.C. the statue is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
There are inscriptions in ink that read "seed-covered stacked-up man seedless waterformer well fitting nervous system also tightly fitting nerves!."
The military subject of this painting is possibly a self-portrait.
On the extreme right is a young male figure, perhaps again Maurycy, reading from the prayer book alongside a man who might well be his father.
Though the gift appears but small, the taste thereof is very sweet."
Max Jakob Friedländer called it 'an old copy', without specifying another work it was copied from.
Breaking the News is an 1887 painting by Australian artist John Longstaff.
One is held by the Museo Lázaro Galdiano, Madrid, and the other by the Prado.
The statue, carved from Portland stone, stands on a plinth of the same material with the inscription ANNA REGINA.
In 2015, during the conversion of the building into apartments, the sculpture disappeared and its whereabouts are unknown.
The life-size figures are from classical mythology and probably form an allegory.
It is 5 m tall and made from bronze.
It is an example of the style that Matisse employed during his early period of Fauvism.
It depicts the lily, the flower of the Turku coat of arms.
Rogers is a Portland native and graduate of Portland State University.
A similar painting by Daumier with the same title is in the National Gallery of Canada.
Titian features the General in an elevated position, addressing his men, and emphasizing his words, as advised classical oratory manuals, with elevation of the right arm.
It is located at the Museum für Moderne Kunst in Frankfurt, Germany.
This specific painting is centered on a harlequin at a carnival.
Tip is a public art work by American artist David Middlebrook, located in the Riverwest neighborhood north of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The next fresco he completed was The Crucifixion of St. Peter.
It is signed "Ticianus F.[ecit]", painted on the trim of the Pharisee's collar.
The artist selected a viewpoint from the bishop's garden and included figures of Dr. Fisher and his wife at the bottom left.
The painting resides at the Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.
The statue was created in around 1580, to a design by Jacopo del Conte for the Corporazione degli Aquaroli .
Campbell who worked for the Houlihan Shop in Rutland, Vermont.
A monumental, comforting figure, clothed in robes that look as if woven from a piece of fallen sky, she seems like a world unto herself.
Matisse began with a naturalistic drawing, but he eliminated detail as he worked, scraping down areas and rebuilding them broad fields of color.
Goethe and Schiller had a remarkable friendship and collaboration that was "like no other known to literature or art."
This is a list of the 25 highest prices paid for photographs.
The large versions of 1636 and 1638 are among the best known.
He lies diagonally on a shelf, one hand pointing at his reflected image.
Masaccio's work shows the influence of Donatello in its soft, rounded forms and realistic texture.
It was acquired in 1952 by the Art Gallery of New South Wales in Sydney.
The presence of Saint Joseph is explained by the fact that the Gospel of James deals with Christ's childhood and praises Joseph's paternal cares.
Once the shapes are on the canvas, the artist is able to create images out of the forms based on his imagination.
The lithographic edition was created and printed twelve years after Zapata's assassination.
Only the merest halo sanctifies her and the baby.
Walk Like a River is a public sculpture by Peter Flanary located at Riverside Park on the east side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The oil painting was probably based on this watercolour.
Present is a companion piece to Past, also located in front of the National Archives Building.
He would comment in French during the performance.
It is located at 2155 North Prospect Avenue.
It reappeared on public display again in 2008, when it was sold at auction, selling for over twice its initial estimate to private hands in Scotland.
The Threatened Swan is an oil painting of a mute swan made around 1650 by Dutch Golden Age painter Jan Asselijn.
The San Francesco al Prato Resurrection is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Pietro Perugino, dating to c. 1499.
Gabriele Fonseca was the doctor to Pope Innocent X.
Willem de Kooning is a pioneer of abstract expressionism in America.
The Tribute Money is a c. 1516 oil painting by Titian, now held at the Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister in Dresden.
Et Joseph justum peperit cum Simone Judam,
The work's title refers to lapidariums, or sites where archeological findings are exhibited, creating "an association between the fragmented artworks and our shared history and past".
The background of the painting is based closely on a ruined medieval bridge which stood in Bridge of Earn, Perthshire.
Jewess with Oranges is an 1880-1881 oil painting on canvas by the Polish artist Aleksander Gierymski.
The group of angels which hovers over the scene may resemble the missing section of The Opening of the Fifth Seal.
The Madonna with Child by Renaissance artist Carlo Crivelli is a Madonna painting dating to 1470.
In order to create a culturally unspecific effect, he turned it inside out, producing the abstract patterns visible in the painting.
It is designed and painted by art collective the toyists.
The sculpture was unveiled on 8 October 2009 by Randal Keynes, a great-great-grandson of Darwin.
Van Gogh had a particular attachment and sympathy for peasants and other working class people that was fueled in several ways.
Christ in the House of His Parents is a painting by John Everett Millais depicting the Holy Family in Saint Joseph's carpentry workshop.
These were begun in 1908 when the 68-year-old artist made his only visit to Venice.
And he said to them, "Follow me, and I will make you fish for people."
The same photograph was reproduced in The Literary Digest, 30 November 1912.
The gown was the creation of African-American fashion designer Ann Lowe.
It was originally part of the Habsburg art collection at Castle Ambras, but was transferred to the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna during the 19th century.
Magritte had the following to say about this work:
As cheap reproductions of Hope, and from 1908 high-quality prints, began to circulate in large quantities, it became a widely popular image.
Fruit and a Jug on a Table is a Cubist painting created in 1916 by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger.
In antiquity, the liberal arts denoted the education worthy of a free person and the painting therefore testifies to the young man's broad education.
Designed by Tom Tsuchiya, Lux Mundi replaced the statue King of Kings which was struck by lightning and destroyed in 2010.
The work has been called "one of the high points of European painting in the late 15th century."
In front of them is the discus which caused Hyacinth's death, which was thrown by Apollo himself.
The Exhibition took place in the new exhibition space - The Central Exhibition Hall Maneze, which has become the largest exhibition area of the city.
In this painting, Tizian uses the mature style characterized by the use of broad brushwork and brilliant colours.
Raphael used an extensive palette of paints to depict this colourful scene, pigments such as lead-tin yellow, ultramarine, verdigris and ochres were identified.
It is located on the east side of the Milwaukee River on Kilbourn Avenue.
It is said to have almost “a sculptural surface with a translucent glaze over paint”.
The thread wrapped around a needle also "paraphrased" the city emblem of a snake coiled around a sword.
Big Bambú is a work of installation art by identical twin artists Doug and Mike Starn.
The work includes large steel cylinders cut at different angles and lengths, painted red.
There is a buildup of thin, translucent layers of differently shaded blacks, which are luminous and warm.
Duchamp's ideas for the Glass began in 1913, and he made numerous notes and studies, as well as preliminary works for the piece.
It was gifted by the Charles Engelhard Foundation.
The artwork, a bus shelter of painted metal and glass, was commissioned by the Spirit of Milwaukee Neighborhood Millennium Art Initiative.
Later, it was acquired by a private collector.,
It is held in a private collection.
Some of the goddesses portrayed by the inhabitants of the scenes in Four Times of the Day are reproduced here as characters in the forthcoming play.
The Chartist Mural was a mosaic mural designed by Kenneth Budd and created in 1978 in a pedestrian underpass in Newport, Wales.
It is listed as a national treasure and designated as item 64-MO-74 by the National Museum of the Philippines.
It may have been among the 'autumn studies' mentioned in Vincent's letter to his brother Theo of 7 December 1889.
These paintings show her in different stages of her childhood; they were sent to Vienna to inform Leopold of what his young fiancée looked like.
Pope Paul commissioned this fresco by Michelangelo in 1541 and unveiled it in his Cappella Paolina.
The work plays on the background-foreground relationship and the theme of vision that appears in many of Lichtenstein's works.
Meticulous brushstrokes give the audience a three-dimensional character, revealing Rapahel’s interest in sculpture during those years.
"Benjamin C. Grenup Monument" serves as the final resting place for firefighter Benjamin Grenup.
It was surveyed by the Smithsonian Institution's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!"
The Gift of St. Nicholas, 36.5 x 36.5 cm, Pinacoteca Vaticana, Rome
Michelangelo's imagining bursts with movement, as Isaiah's cloak swirls around him.
Baselitz said he used the erect organ "as an aggressive act or shock", and it was with attitude the genitals represent that was offensive.
The man in the lower right corner has a cartouche on his beret, a custom of the Pharisees.
The carving, however, is about to be covered by rambling ivy growing up the trunk; ethereal youthful passion is becoming lost to worldly capitalist demands.
In 1952, on Churchill's recommendation, Nemon made a bust of him at the request of Elizabeth II for Windsor Castle.
The picture hung in Bembo's home for years before it disappeared.
Both paintings feature identical green apples, but place them in different rooms.
This painting was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1911, who wrote; "148.
Rembrandt never made a journey to Italy, as many of his contemporaries did.
The couple's break-up in 1914 had a profound effect on Kokoschka, whose expressive brushwork grew more turbulent.
Peggy Guggenheim purchased the painting from Neumann in 1945 and forms part of the permanent collection of her museum in Venice; Peggy Guggenheim Collection.
A Young Man in a Fur Cap and a Cuirass is a 1654 portrait painting by Carel Fabritius.
RETURNED FROM MILITARY SERVICE TO WOODSTOCK VIRGINIA 1783
Constellation: Neighborhood Gardiner or simply Constellation, a female figure carrying gardening shears.
A maker's mark embossed on the front side of the base states it was made in Boston, Massachusetts.
In 1882 Van Gogh had an offer for a commission of paintings of The Hague however the paintings, now considered masterpieces, were not acceptable.
The sculpture can be found in the courtyard of the University Place Hotel.
Mantegna probably made this painting for his personal funerary chapel.
Rembrandt produced the work in four stages, increasing the effects of the light and shade contrasts at each stage.
In May 2014, it was announced that the work would be auctioned at Christie's on 8 July.
Salon Pedal is a color lithograph on paper designed in 1897 by the Catalan artist Alexandre de Riquer.
It is located in Fairmount Park, Kelly Drive at Sedgely Drive, Philadelphia.
It was probably traced from a lost Elizabethan original.
The depicted dragons are associated with nine sons of the Dragon King, while the number nine itself is considered auspicious in Chinese astrology and folk beliefs.
She is also supposed to have expressed a wish in her old age that Gilbert might execute her memorial, should he outlive her.
Painted by Luna in 1887, the masterpiece is about the Battle of Lepanto of October 7, 1571.
Arthur became increasingly autobiographical for the artist as he withdrew into himself; "above all the picture is about silence."
From right to left, the people at the table are: Édouard Dujardin, dancer La Macarona, photographer Paul Secau, and photographer Maurice Guibert.
She says that taken as a pair, Waterhouse's Circes prompt the question: "is she goddess or woman?"
At the time, the work was part of the Abrams family collection.
Although officially described as a Christmas tree, it was widely criticised for its similarity in appearance to a huge green butt plug.
Loran's view was that Lichtenstein had plagiarized his work, and at one point filed suit.
The sketch, also in red and black chalk is presumed to be a self-portrait of Rubens and his second wife Hélène Fourment with Rubens' child.
The Immaculate Conception is a painting by Zurbarán conserved at the National Art Museum of Catalonia.
The large sculpture is fabricated in steel, painted black, and signifies the fourth Zodiac sign, which is Cancer.
It was destroyed on March 11, 1944, when the Ovetari Chapel in Padua was bombed by the Allies during World War II.
The picture is one of a number of candlelit studies made by Wright that demonstrate his skill in the use of chiaroscuro in which he specialised.
It has become one of the most characteristic and established Slovene creations in visual arts.
Christopher Columbus is a public artwork by Italian artist Enrico Vittori and located on the grounds of the Indiana Statehouse in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Considered one of the great portraits of the Renaissance, it has an enduring influence.
It came to me as an accident.
In 2011, the painting achieved the highest auction price ever for one of Titian's works, at $16.9 million.
Superlambanana is a bright yellow sculpture located in Liverpool, England.
SCENE IN A COURTYARD BEFORE A SMALL HOUSE.
The dress is perhaps Versace's best-known creation, and is considered by some to be largely responsible for launching Hurley onto the global media stage.
It stayed there for the next 50 years.
The Madhouse or Asylum is an oil-on-panel painting by Francisco de Goya.
Approximately 1,000 French soldiers, commanded by de Rullecourt and an Indian, Mir Sayyad, landed at La Rocque, Grouville, overnight on 5–6 January.
An example of Symbolism, the canvas measures 77 x 83 cm, and is in the Galerie Würthle in Vienna.
The two scenes are separated in the middle by a wooden beam, perhaps part of an easel.
The Sisters is an 1884 oil on canvas painting by Abbott Handerson Thayer.
The Last Sleep of Arthur in Avalon is owned by the Ponce Museum of Art in Puerto Rico.
It is believed that the whole series was selected by Rudolph II at the division of his younger brother's estate in 1595.
The panels were commissioned by Tommaso, a member of a prominent Florentine family.
It is currently in the Musée d'Aquitaine in Bordeaux, France.
The work has an element of three-dimensionality due to its overlapping planes and reflection, although this still life series was meant to look flat.
It has become a popular tourist attraction, and often has flowers and other devotions at its base.
In 1990 Elise S. Haas bequeathed thirty-seven paintings, sculptures and works on paper to the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, among them Femme au chapeau.
is a 1963 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein that uses his Ben-Day dots style and a text balloon.
The Farmers' Lunch is nearly identical to another painting by Velázquez, The Lunch.
A bronze bust of Altoviti by Benvenuto Cellini is exhibited in Boston at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.
A copy of this painting, at the moment, is located at the Italian Trade Commission office, 33 East 67th Street, New York City.
Site considerations for the monument were overlooked and it stands on the small crowded triangle with annoying awkwardness."
They are desolate, empty images, but they also afford a richly ambiguous visual experience.
War and Peace are two paintings made by Brazilian painter Candido Portinari between 1952 and 1956.
The Great God Pan is an outdoor bronze sculpture of Pan by American artist George Grey Barnard currently installed on the grounds of Columbia University.
This scene is very similar to other paintings Ruisdael made in this period and these often served as inspiration for later painters of winter landscape.
Flora or Saskia as Flora is a 1634 painting by Rembrandt, showing his wife Saskia van Uylenburgh as the goddess Flora.
It was first exhibited by the Society of Artists in London in 1773 together with his painting of a kangaroo, The Kongouro from New Holland.
The suit was dismissed in March 2016.
An adult male figure to the right, probably St Joseph, is pushed away by Mary.
La Gare de Perpignan is a 1965 large-scale oil on canvas painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí, on display in the Museum Ludwig in Cologne.
Finally, it was acquired by the Prado in 1999, where it remains to this day.
The Paintings from El Burgal is group of paintings exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
It was on loan to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City from 2007 to 2010.
It is housed in the church of Santi Bartolomeo e Stefano in Bergamo in northern Italy.
Van Gogh made at least four paintings of butterflies and one of a moth.
The Garden at Sainte-Adresse is a painting by the French impressionist painter, Claude Monet..
Sydney J. Freedberg assigns the drawing to Leonardo's second Milan period.
Roberts, influenced by the Barbizon school and Jules Bastien-Lepage, would later return to the theme of rural men working in his works A break away!
The Mocking of Christ is an early oil on wood painting by Matthias Grünewald.
Both Fahrenheit 9/11 and Sicko, which examines health care in the United States, are among the top ten highest-grossing documentaries.
The more famous of Pearl's artistic advertisements were of Judge Roy Bean's Jersey Lilly and a collage called The Last Fight of Manolete.
Whether Caravaggio met his deadline is uncertain, as by July he was arrested for attacking the house of Laura della Vecchia and her daughter, Isabella.
The Three Philosophers was finished one year before the painter died.
In the possession of Julius Böhler, Munich.
Danaë was a popular subject in the early 1900s for many artists; she was used as the quintessential symbol of divine love, and transcendence.
The seven-ton work depicts a little girl, a businesswoman, a young man, and several others scaling a soaring 100-foot-tall stainless steel pole.
Socrates is an outdoor sculpture by artist W. V. Casey created c. 1950.
The Palestrina Pietà is a marble sculpture by the Italian High Renaissance, dating from c. 1555 and housed in the Galleria dell'Accademia, Florence.
It was created as part of a campaign by Ceracchi to build a larger monument to Washington.
The exhibits to a variety of categories: paintings by Joseph Wright, scientific instruments, fossils, a coconut...
In 1998, the statue was relocated to Evergreen Washelli Memorial Park.
Johnson Memorial is a public artwork from the foundry of Jno.
In the background, an angel leads a donkey to take a drink from the water hole formed by the spring created by Jesus.
Some homes don't have any smoke alarms, some don't have working batteries; sometimes the alarm fails to detect the fire.
The work, dated "A.D. M. MCCCCXXXVII" on the cartouche, was commissioned by Giovanni Vitelleschi, Papal military commander and archbishop of Florence.
It is part of series of ten portraits made for the psychiatrist Étienne-Jean Georget and is currently kept in the Museum of Fine Arts, Ghent, Belgium.
It was sold at Sotheby's, London, on 12 February 2014 for £17,442,500.
Dedicated to the Passion of Jesus Christ, it is conserved in a chapel of St. Martin Church of Nailloux, in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
It was painted in 1899 and features ex-street Doshan Tappeh in Tehran.
The Bacchanal of the Andrians is an oil painting by Titian.
The Beheading of Saint John the Baptist is an oil painting by the Italian artist Caravaggio.
There is debate as to whether this sale was done out of duress.
Rivera created a similar sister sculpture that was installed at Rochester Institute of Technology one year later.
Josh Gibson is a public artwork by sculptor Omri Amrany, located at the Nationals Park in Washington, D.C., United States.
La danse is an oil painting created circa 1906 by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger.
The play was produced by Henry Irving at the Lyceum Theatre, London, with Irving also playing Macbeth opposite Terry.
The picture is generally considered Titian's last: an inscription in the lower part of the picture notes that it was finished by Palma the Younger.
Two Male Heads is a painting formerly attributed to Hieronymus Bosch.
Interior with a Child Feeding a Parrot is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch painter Pieter de Hooch.
It depicts a lone, sleeping woman shackled by the wrists to a column while butterflies fly past.
It was part of the Spanish royal collection and is now in the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
The park also includes an elevated viewing point overlooking the river.
On 5 February 2014 it was auctioned at Sotheby's, London, for £19,682,500, double its pre-sale estimate.
Completed in 1514, it was his last major work.
For the young Caravaggio, John was invariably a boy or youth alone in the wilderness.
They were, and are, dark and narrow.
The painting is deemed a collaborative effort between the artists Jan Brueghel the Elder and Hieronymus Francken II.
Samuel Gross is a bronze statue by Alexander Stirling Calder as a tribute to Samuel D. Gross, an American surgeon.
It is located on the Hank Aaron State Trail in the Menomonee Valley south of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
A curator for the J. Paul Getty Museum suggested Gauguin likely painted the canvas "to shock Parisians" upon his expected return to the city.
It is known for its inviting jungle gym-like characteristics.
It is 78 inches tall and sits on a metal base 40 inches square, which is bolted to a cement slab.
The rose and the lower portion were added at a later date by an unknown artist.
On return to Sydney, both Friend and Drysdale worked on a painting of the main street.
Before the opening of the Salon, the French Revolution had begun.
In the painting, emperor Constantine I is seen just before the Battle of the Milvian Bridge on October 28, 312.
Heritage is a companion piece to Guardianship.
Another copy of the bust was cast into bronze and is part of the Southern Allghenies Museum of Art's permanent sculpture collection in Altoona, Pennsylvania.
Baptsm of Christ is a painting by Italian Renaissance painter Cima da Conegliano, dating from 1492.
The strange red sky is roiling with ominous clouds, riven with a thunderbolt, affording the painting a heavy, dynamic atmosphere.
It is located next to the Tidal Basin, and the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial.
The work was surveyed and deemed "treatment need" by Smithsonian Institution's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!"
It was his attention to detail that made him popular in the nineteenth century.
A third version dates from 1875; it is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.
Jennings's painting shows a blond, white Goddess of Liberty presenting books to three grateful, supplicant blacks.
The work was originally commissioned by the French courtesan La Païva but she was unhappy with the finished painting and returned it to Gérôme.
The right section also featured plaques with lists of games Paterno had coached at Penn State from 1966 to 2011.
The Government of Spain bought the work of art through a royal decree for the amount of 7,500 pesetas on March 7, 1893.
In the work, Goya sought to commemorate Spanish resistance to Napoleon's armies during the occupation of 1808 in the Peninsular War.
This work is both a portrait of the Marquis del Vasto and a picture of history narrating an incident that occurred in 1537.
When Atlas was unveiled in 1937, some people protested, claiming that it looked like Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
Shortly after it appeared, the video was taken offline by a denial-of-service attack.
Ukiyo-e is a genre of woodblock prints and paintings that was produced in Japan from the 17th century to the 19th century.
The signature is in the upper left corner, and reads HIERONIMOS HOLTZSHVER ANNO DO[MI]NI 1526 ETATIS SVE 57.
Her solitary presence on a cracked and barren landscape symbolize both her isolation and the external forces which have impacted her life.
The Hat Makes the Man is a collage by the German dadaist/surrealist Max Ernst.
Lindka was a genius; I knew she could make the most flattering gown ever, and she had.
The painting became part of the collection of the Museo del Prado, in Madrid, in 1819.
The Three Dikgosi Monument is a bronze sculpture located in the Central Business District of Gaborone, Botswana.
Painted when Longstaff was still an art student, it won him the National Gallery of Victoria Art School's first travelling scholarship in 1887.
The performance was videotaped and uploaded to YouTube, where it went viral after being posted on 4chan, then got over 2 million views.
So the generosity of an East Coast art foundation actually provided the funds for restoring this first section of the Buck Winn “History of Ranching” mural.
Several scholars have dated it to 1494 due to an alleged reference to the presence of Charles VIII of France in the city.
The presence of a fan on the floor shows the influence of Japonisme, which was a popular artistic trend in European art at the time.
Around the top of the room is a frieze similar to work by John Henning.
The work was acquired by the Nationalgalerie in 1936, where it was placed on display in Room 5.
In January 2011, it was announced that La Lecture would be going to auction on 8 February.
It is about 40 feet high and is constructed out of precast concrete square tubes.
Luxe, Calme et Volupté is an oil painting by the French artist Henri Matisse.
This painting by Hooch was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1908, who wrote; "321.
Swarming around the large face are biting serpents.
The base of the sculpture is red granite and stands 1.7m high.
It was installed in 1992 and dedicated in September of that year.
The painting was unfinished at the time of his death.
The drawing shows two girls by a window; these girls are probably the daughters of the artist.
Saint Jerome Writing, also called Saint Jerome in His Study or simply Saint Jerome, is an oil painting by Italian painter Caravaggio.
In short, it seems to abolish the boundary between truth and lies, reality and fiction.
In the collection of the Duc de Berri ; brought to England in 1840 by Hume.
The artist says the sculpture is "a celebration of the human potential for discovering who we are and where we need to go."
Unfolding Rhythms is an outdoor 1987 sculpture by Manuel Izquierdo, located in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Tigers on the prowl had been the subject of an exhibition at the 1885 École des Beaux-Arts.
Prints produced entirely by stenciling, without woodblocks, are also called kappazuri.
Above the women in this corner, a face peers down through the opening in the barn roof.
In that occasion the two frescoes were removed and placed in the nave.
The painting was exhibited in the Royal Academy of Arts in 1900.
The work is based on a Pablo Picasso portrait of Dora Maar.
Saint George and the Dragon is a painting by Paolo Uccello dating from around 1470.
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in the collection of the Detroit Institute of Arts.
La velata, or La donna velata, is one of the most famous portraits by the Italian Renaissance painter Raphael.
Curator of the Art Gallery of New South Wales, Barry Pearce, stated that it was one of Australia's ten greatest paintings.
Signed on the left with the monogram ; panel, 12 inches by 14 inches.
(Base, rear: list of names of the commission)
Now in the collection of Dr. J. P. Six, Amsterdam, No.
The architectural framework may be the work of an assistant.
By 1918 Rosenberg was buying Metzinger's paintings and may have acquired the picture around this time or soon afterwards.
"A Tehuana-clad Kahlo shares a long table with the cord- and dynamite-wrapped male figure and the skeleton of Four Inhabitants.
He stands on clouds and thorns, and it is mounted to a base of brick and limestone.
The subject of a woman giving a coin to a servant was copied by Michiel van Musscher:
The work was exhibited in Paris at the Salon des Indépendants in 1912 and the Salon de la Section d'Or, 1912.
It was restituted to his family in 2000 and placed on loan with the Israel Museum until 2013.
Written in Paris over a period of seventeen years and published in 1939, two years before the author's death, Finnegans Wake was Joyce's final work.
It was painted during the reign of Joseon Dynasty King Yeongjo in 1751, at his birthplace in Cheongun-dong at Jongno District, modern-day Seoul.
This part of the image was correctly depicted on the two-dollar bill version.
The pieces were made by four carvers from Fang Shan County, Zhejiang Province, China, as a gift from Indiana's sister province, Zhejiang.
The Annunciation of Ustyug is currently held in the Tretyakov Gallery.
It was later reproduced in his 1973 painting, Artist's Studio—Look Mickey, which shows the painting hanging prominently on a facing wall of Lichtenstein's studio.
Breaking the News was acquired by the Art Gallery of Western Australia in 1933.
Stylistically, the painting displays characteristics of Caravaggio's mature Roman-period style.
The artist has not given us a time, a place, or a protagonist.
It is housed in the Mauritshuis, Netherlands.
A couple are walking amid the bushes.
The outside shutters feature a version of Bosch's The Wayfarer.
The memorial statue to the aviation pioneer Charles Rolls stands in front of the Shire Hall in Agincourt Square, Monmouth, Wales.
The painting was acquired by the National Gallery of Victoria in 1967.
Michelangelo originally accepted the commission from Pope Clement VII, but it was completed under Pope Paul III, whose stronger reforming views probably affected the final treatment.
Water Art is a sculpture by Danish artist Anders Tinsbo that is on permanent display near Rundetårn in Copenhagen.
The painting was originally attributed to Vincent van Gogh, but subsequently was found to be the work of an unknown artist.
The Bolinao Skull is an archaeological artifact excavated at the Balingasay Archaeological Site in Bolinao, Pangasinan in the Philippines.
It is thought that van Gogh painted White House at Night around 8:00 PM due to the position of the "star" in the painting.
Located at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden, it reflects the artist's move to the countryside, and landscape.
According to the museum, the piece "offers a exuberant collage of forms which bursts out into space".
It was dedicated on June 18, 1926, at the Second Bank of the United States on Chestnut Street, but was relocated in 1961.
Another is at the Alte Nationalgalerie in Berlin.
It had been broken into several pieces by the time it was found in 1951.
Jan Morris has called it "one of the most Spanish of all pictures".
The painting was illustrated in Gelett Burgess, "The Wild Men of Paris", The Architectural Record, May 1910, New York.
In the collection of Howard Galton, Hadzor House, Droitwich, 1850-1857.
Hogarth Painting the Comic Muse is a painting in the National Portrait Gallery, London by the British artist William Hogarth.
The Museum of Modern Art and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation then sued the heir, Julius Schoeps.
Adam and Eve are depicted beneath the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, where various fruits grow.
He has also written and starred in the TV shows TV Nation, a satirical newsmagazine television series, and The Awful Truth, a satirical show.
It was sculpted by Theodore Cotillo Barbarossa.
The sculpture is housed in the Museo dell'Opera del Duomo in Florence and is therefore also known as the Florentine Pietà.
So Joshua did as Moses had said to him, and fought with Amalek: and Moses, Aaron, and Hur went up to the top of the hill.
It was dedicated on June 17, 1905, at Belmont and Lansdowne Avenues.
The battle below is indicated by the arrow at the bottom right.
Designed by Ken Shuttleworth and MAKE Architects, it comprises an 8m high concrete foundation and 52m high red and orange steel tower.
It was rediscovered in 1965 and purchased by a group of North Carolina investors in 2007 for an undisclosed amount.
The monument is the grave of Helen L. Houser and her daughter Anna Victoria Houser
It is housed in the Museo del Prado of Madrid, Spain.
It depicts the crucifixion of Jesus in tempera and gold.
In November 2008 they sold it at auction.
Eggers died in August 1872, and the painting is dated from October of that year.
The iconic photograph has been described as "quintessentially Australian", a "sort of icon of the Australian way of life".
The work consists of a series of photographic murals, printed texts and sound recordings.
It is perhaps Cappiello's most famous poster.
The ten fishing-themed prints comprise one of Hokusai's rarest sets.
The Bust of Camilla Barbadoni is a marble sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
Built in 1973 by local artist and fisherman, Andy Lomnici, the Big Trout is part of the more than 150 Big Things located throughout Australia.
In 1620, Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini sculpted the mattress upon which the statue now lies.
It is part of the Wabash Valley Art Spaces Outdoor Sculpture Collection.
The flowers strewn around Aurora and the pale glow of her naked body are set in opposition to the shadowy drapery of Night.
It may have been partly inspired by Ter Borch's painting Woman Sealing a Letter.
The painting is in the collection of the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
WHO FOUGHT AND DIED; TO THOSE WHO GAVE
It was originally located in the Scarani Chapel of the church of San Giovanni in Monte.
It was dedicated on May 3, 1982.
Benito Juarez is one of two sculptures of the Mexican president of the same name, created by Julian Martinez.
Sulkowicz wanted to know "what the public does with [the video], which begins with the way they deal with it from the moment it's disseminated."
It was presented to the Walker Art Gallery by Bristow H. Hughes.
Butcher's Shop is the title of two paintings by the Italian Baroque painter Annibale Carracci, both dating from the early 1580s.
The painting depicts the Greek and Roman mythological story of the deaths of Laocoön, a Trojan priest of Poseidon, and his two sons Antiphantes and Thymbraeus.
The Elephant Celebes is a 1921 painting by the German Dadaist and surrealist Max Ernst.
Altogether it measures 8 feet in height.
It was unveiled in February 1667 in the Piazza della Minerva in Rome, adjacent to the church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva, where it stands today.
The picture over the chimney-piece is the story of Fabricius and Pyrrhus, by F. Bol ; below it are the four well-known verses by Vondel.
Blood pours from the animal's mouth onto the head and body of its prey, a chimera rendered as owl-like with human facial characteristics.
It is also known as either Los Dedos, or Hombre emergiendo a la vida.
To the right is a wooden fence with an open garden-door, above which rise some trees.
He is seated, quietly smoking a pipe, which he holds in his right hand ; he wears red breeches, white gaiters, and light brown shoes.
Others however found the work to be ‘savage’.
The painting depicts a host of ghostly soldiers marching across a field in front of the Menin Gate war memorial.
It was brought to France after the Napoleonic conquest of the city in 1797.
Mater Dolorosa is a painting of the Mater Dolorosa produced around 1550 or 1555 by the Italian artist Titian and his studio.
Her oeuvre comprises short stories, novels theatrical works and film scripts.
Monet finished the work indoors, and used magazine illustrations to render fashionable clothing.
It was contained in the 2012 Munich artworks discovery and was returned to the heirs of Friedmann by German authorities.
Their home arena is Attack Athletics on Chicago's West Side.
Sarah Siddons was a well-known actress of the 18th century who became famous for her role as Shakespeare's Lady Macbeth.
Botticelli was commissioned to paint at least seven versions of The Adoration of the Magi.
The granite pedestal was designed by architect Frank Miles Day.
The Mill is a painting by Dutch baroque artist Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn.
Mother of Pearl and Silver: The Andalusian is a painting by James McNeill Whistler.
The painting is oil on canvas and measures 36 inches high by 58 inches wide.
Blue turbans were often worn by Renaissance sculptors to keep the dust out of their hair.
The series grew out of Williams' enduring interest in pre-Columbian cultures of the indigenous peoples of the Americas.
Aertsen made a name for himself during the 1550s painting scenes from everyday life in a naturalistic manner.
The statue is of bronze, and stands 3.5m high.
It was finally moved to New York in 1992.
Alternative terms are the "three-dog" and "two-dog" types.
Whistlestop for an Organ Teacher is an outdoor 2009 stainless steel sculpture by American artist Cris Bruch, located in Portland, Oregon.
The painting is part of the National Gallery of Victoria's Australian art collection and exhibited in the Ian Potter Centre in Federation Square in Melbourne.
The woman becomes the focus of the portrait, however, being more prominently placed and colourfully dressed.
The nymphs display a variety of reactions, and a variety of nude poses.
Old Man with a Gold Chain is a portrait by Rembrandt, painted around 1631 and now in the Art Institute of Chicago.
The painting is an oil on canvas created sometime around 1610-1614.
The painter included the title of the painting, some comments, and his pen name, Gyeomjae, in the upper right hand corner.
The opening line of the book is a sentence fragment which continues from the book's unfinished closing line, making the work a never-ending cycle.
In Ovid it is Venus who leaves first, and Adonis pulling himself away seems to be Titian's invention, for which some criticized him.
The Deposition from the Cross is an altarpiece, completed in 1521, depicting the Deposition of Christ by the Italian Renaissance painter Rosso Fiorentino.
Other boys painted by Hals in round tondos:
They adopt the poses of "see, hear, speak no evil."
It was in the collection of Charles I and was returned to the Royal Collection at the Restoration and remains there.
The canvas measures 155 by 117 centimetres.
It is a welded steel work of art created in between 2002 and 2003.
According to the NGA, the work is a "fanciful pastiche" of the many sketches and drawings Church made while traveling in South America in 1857.
Our English Coasts, also known as Strayed Sheep, is an oil-on-canvas painting by William Holman Hunt, completed in 1852.
The first painting was executed in 1895, and the last was made during the 1930s.
It is believed to have been completed around 1665.
In an unknown year the picture became part of the collection of August III of Poland.
The Paintings from Sant Joan in Boí is a group of Catalan Romanesque paintings exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
Smith said that he was willing to forgo the standard honorarium for the sculpture.
Hundreds were there who had never visited Schiller park.
Eventually by 1950 he stopped painting in favor of gouaches découpées, paper cutouts.
See Van Gogh, Artistic breakthrough and final years, Auves-sur-Oise
Metzger claims he knew that sea lions would be the subjects of his work upon learning the statue had been commissioned by the pier's owner.
The sculpture can be found in the flower bed of Taylor Hall on the north side of the building.
The first, preliminary version is Matisse's study for the second version.
It was originally carved from marble using Baroness Renée Irana Franchon as the model.
The model is likely a member of the middle class, given her relatively plain dress, matronly features and accentuated breasts.
Autumn Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1962 opened in State Russian Museum become one of the largest Art Exhibition of 1962 in the USSR.
The memorial commemorated those men of the British Empire, including Australia, who died in the battles of the First World War around the town.
settlement which lasted for 3 years and
This theme is repeated in the animal heads which, according to some traditions, are associated with those categories of time.
A later version of the painting was made in 1958 and is held in a private collection.
Jacques Nayral was a young modernist poet, dramatist, publisher and occasional sports writer, who shared with Gleizes a passion for the theories of Henri Bergson.
It was sold for $1,650,500 on June 4, 2009, to benefit future acquisitions.
Major General Comte Jean de Rochambeau is a bronze statue by Fernand Hamar.
It measures 55 1/8 x 114 3/16 x 41 5/16 inches.
The memorial was commissioned by department store magnate Rodman Wanamaker and cost $25,000 to construct.
Completed in 2015 it is located in Como, Italy.
Saint Apollonia is a 1636 oil-on-canvas painted by the Spanish artist Francisco de Zurbarán.
It is a model of a head, without a body, with markings to show features such as hair, nose, lips, and closed eyes.
Jerome is shown here contemplating one of his symbols, the skull, a reminder of the inevitability of death and the vanity of worldly things.
Frith later painted several versions of the same subject, updating the fashions.
It held the record for the highest auction price for a Lichtenstein painting from May 2012 until May 2013.
One commission was to create a sculpture for the Minnesota Building at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago.
Portrait of a Musician is an oil on wood painting attributed to Leonardo da Vinci by some scholars.
Madonna and Child with St. John the Baptist and St. Mary Magdalene is a painting by Neroccio di Bartolomeo de' Landi.
Mistress and servant, a power relationship, maybe some deeper emotional bondage.
As they died, the artist experienced mounting isolation and painful awareness of his own mortality.
He sometimes believed his artistic vision to be premonitions of war.
The 9-foot-tall cedar wood sculpture is best known for its exposed male genitals.
This photograph was included in Paul Strand, circa 1916, an exhibition of photographs that exemplify his push toward modernism.
The piece is located in a small alcove near the ramp to the west entrance of the Joseph T. Taylor Hall at 815 W. Michigan Street.
Apollinaire described L'Oiseau bleu as a 'very brilliant painting' and 'his most important work to date'.
There are also decorative chains around the park spelling out popular labor slogans, as well as graphic panels explaining significant moments in Wisconsin's labor history.
Despite the detail, it is unlikely that Napoleon posed for the portrait.
Joy Garnett is a painter and writer in Brooklyn, New York, United States.
This technique involves scraping the paint across the canvas so that the paint takes on the imprints of objects placed beneath the canvas.
It is currently owned by the Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen in Rotterdam.
Through utilizing this technique, Joseph Wright exhibits the sublimity of nature in Vesuvius from Posillipo by Moonlight as well as his other paintings of Mt.
Ecce Homo is a painting by the Netherlandish painter Hieronymus Bosch or a follower, made in the 1490s.
The painting would eventually be exhibited at Galerie Philippe Reichenbach, Houston, where it was acquired in 1960.
Angelico intervened to complete this altarpiece when it had been already begun by Lorenzo Monaco for the Strozzi Chapel in the Florentine church of Santa Trinita.
This controversy led to a great deal of debate about the merits and ethics of such work.
The demands included increases to funding for the arts; threats were made that the painting would be destroyed.
Currently housed in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in Venice, northern Italy, it was originally commissioned for the Scuola Grande di San Marco, a confraternity in the city.
It currently hangs in the National Gallery in London.
The background is an influence from the Flemish school but also from the ancient architecture.
Merlin is shown trapped, helpless in a hawthorn bush as Nimue reads from a book of spells.
In 2008, the painting was sold for AUD1,500,000.
The older headwear can be seen clearly in William Barnes Wollen's painting: 28th Gloucester Regiment at Waterloo.
It appears again in 1937 in the painting The Invention of Monsters.
The Birth of Venus is one of the most famous paintings by 19th-century painter William-Adolphe Bouguereau.
By the 1970s the Pearl Brewing Company name had remained, but Southdown Corporation out of Houston, Texas, was now in charge of Pearl.
It is housed in the Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister, Dresden, Germany.
It was her second most costly purchase of the paintings of that time.
The painting was acquired by the Art Gallery of New South Wales in 1960.
It was originally owned by the Parisian art collector Moyse Dreyfus.
The firing squad is rigidly poised as in Goya.
The Beacon Light is a painting by J. M. W. Turner.
Pedestrian Drama is a site-specific public art work by American artist Janet Zweig, located on the east end of Wisconsin Avenue in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
It is painted with singular mastery of hand, and exhibits throughout a consummate knowledge of the principles of art ".
Sedaris is said to have been "fascinated with the image" after seeing it on a postcard during a trip to Amsterdam.
The features of Christ bear some resemblance to Raphael's.
to A. van der Hoop, Amsterdam, 1837.
She is considered the epitome of the Classical Greek and Roman ideal of the female form and beauty, on par with Venus de Milo.
Zweig collaborated with 200 local actors, film makers, and fabricators throughout the process of creating the work.
Over £5,000 was quickly raised and an area was allocated within Birmingham Children's Hospital for its location.
This work was painted between the end of the Spanish Civil War and beginning of the Second World War.
The portrait bust depicts Albert Einstein in high relief with a fluttering necktie, and was inspired by a photograph of the scientist on his birthday.
In the collection of Lionel de Rothschild, London.
The painting is a centerpiece art at the Luna Hall of the Lopez Memorial Museum.
This led to much critical comment at the time.
The painting was restituted to the Netherlands after the war.
It sits at the base of Capitol Hill, below the west front of the United States Capitol.
Lady Caroline Howard is an oil on canvas portrait by Joshua Reynolds.
The date given for the sculpture varies.
The Third-Class Carriage evidences Daumier's interest, as also seen in his graphic works, in the lives of working-class Parisians.
The Dauntless Guardian is a public art work by American artist Jeune Nowak Wussow, located on the northwest side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
She is known as the "Melbourne Icon" and is the mascot of HMAS Melbourne.
St. Jerome at Prayer is a painting of St. Jerome by Hieronymus Bosch, thought to have been completed c. 1482.
However, upon closer examination of the painting, it can be seen that their feet are merely close together.
Holcomb Mausoleum Door is bronze and glass and is approximately 78 x 39 x 4 inches.
During the 19th century, it was moved to a courtyard and later to Hildesheim Cathedral.
Since 1982 it has been in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. after John Hay Whitney, the owner of the piece, died in 1982.
The Jantar Mantar is an equinoctial sundial, consisting a gigantic triangular gnomon with the hypotenuse parallel to the Earth's axis.
It is currently held and exhibited at the Louvre in Paris.
Torso Fragment is 20" long by 17" wide by 37" high.
database, which is the inspiration for this project.
In 1868, the saved figurehead, officially titled Tamanend, Chief of Delaware Indians, was transferred to the United States Naval Academy.
It has been described as the most important marble sculpture of the fifteenth century.
A reduced example is in the Walters Art Museum.
The piece stands at 20 feet high and features three shapes that appear to be swirling that are balanced on top of a curled shaft.
9 is a bronze sculpture of 1967 by the English artist Henry Moore, which exists in several versions and is catalogued as LH 576.
Duc de Lavalliere, Paris, February 21, 1781 ; see C. Blanc, ii.
The painting shows how Charlemagne was crowned Imperator Romanorum by Pope Leo III on Christmas Evening, 800.
Hubbard Bell Grossman Pillot Memorial is a public artwork by Lee Lawrie, located at Rock Creek Cemetery in Washington, D.C., United States.
This sculpture is documented in the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
In 1873, when Courbet's political views had changed, he repudiated the work saying that it was "worth nothing".
The house is the same one depicted in Blossoming Chestnut Tree.
The complex consists of memorial Urns and the common graves of fallen soldiers.
It is in the Pinacoteca Vaticana, Rome.
The sculpture is a contributing structure to the Washington Park United States Registered Historic District, which is a National Register of Historic Places listing.
He has, at last got rid for the Spanish garrisons that had hamstrung his rule for such a long time.
The Lament for Icarus is a painting by Herbert James Draper, showing dead Icarus, surrounded by lamenting nymphs.
Its size suggests that it was intended as a portrait, rather than a sketch for a larger work.
Another author called it "a study in simplicity".
It is also an example of how individuals, through interaction with nature, can connect with the divine.
Viktor Lazarev states that its size is suitable for that purpose.
Said statue was then part of a beneficent auction, being purchased by the owner of McDonald's Best, Peter Van Gelder.
In 2009 and 2010 the statue traveled to the United States where it was displayed at the Getty Villa in Malibu, California.
As a result Millais went on to produce a number of other paintings on similar subjects.
In the course of working, Sargent cut down the rectangular canvas, removing approximately 2 feet from the left side, to leave an approximately square shape.
The picture is authentic, but not a masterpiece.
Eskenazi Hall houses Indiana University’s Herron School of Art and is located at 735 W. New York Street in Indianapolis.
Melpoméne is a character from Greek and Roman mythology, one of nine muses of the arts.
It is 6.6m wide at the base.
Jupiter is reaching out to move the celestial sphere in which the Sun revolves around the Earth.
To his side is a young girl holding the front of her dress up with her proper left hand.
It was painted in the spring of 1912, at the height of the development of analytic Cubism.
A statue of William Shakespeare, sculpted by Giovanni Fontana after an original by Peter Scheemakers, has formed the centrepiece of Leicester Square Gardens, London, since 1874.
This ritual dance rattle in the form of a raven is part of the Native American collection of the Indianapolis Museum of Art in Indianapolis, Indiana.
The artwork consists of fifteen individually designed yellow interactive bench installations strategically placed throughout the park location.
The three figures demonstrate the most dramatic foreshortening imaginable.
It was erected by the German-American organizations of Syracuse and Onondaga County, and was unveiled on October 15, 1911.
The monument, given its size and location, has now become an integral part of the landscape of São Paulo.
It was originally commissioned for the chapel of Eleonora of Toledo in Palazzo Vecchio, Florence.
It was acquired by the Museo del Prado in 1827.
It is 20' high x 14' wide x 6' deep and was constructed in 1989.
It is the most important icon of the Serbian Orthodox Church.
The Meeting of Leo I and Attila is a fresco by the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael and his assistant Giulio Romano.
Returning the paper back to its source evokes an offering.
The same year Poussin painted a companion piece to Landscape with the Ashes of Phocion, The Funeral of Phocion, in three versions.
Engraved by Laurent in the Musée Français.
In 2007 it was displayed in the main hall of the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium in Brussels, close to the entrance.
Frink was born nearby, in Little Thurlow.
Edwin B. Hay is a public artwork by American artist Vinnie Ream, located at Rock Creek Cemetery in Washington, D.C., United States.
The diagonal pleats on the woman's dress provide some relief from the linearity of the composition.
The Alchemist Discovering Phosphorus is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby originally completed in 1771 then reworked in 1795.
She is shown wearing an exquisite brocade dress, while the posture suggests she is sitting in the marble embrasure of a window or balcony.
These three angles are countered by the angles of the boy's thighs and arms, creating a tightly articulated structure of intersecting diagonals.
It depicts General George Washington, and the two principal financers of the American Revolution, Robert Morris and Haym Salomon.
Three Flags is a 1958 painting by American artist Jasper Johns.
These bathers are "melted in the nature and the forms merge with the trees, flowers and the shares of red water".
While the figures in Bottle, Glass, Fork can be difficult to discern, the objects do emerge after careful study of the painting.
It was sold through Knoedler Galleries in New York to clothing manufacturer and art collector Sidney Janis in January 1934.
When the renovations occurred, Buck Winn's mural was taken down and disappeared from the public eye for almost 30 years.
Above the landscape, a moonbow forms in the waning light.
Rose and Silver: The Princess from the Land of Porcelain is a painting by American-born artist James Abbott McNeill Whistler.
The image is ostensibly a portrait of Venetian Cardinal Pietro Bembo, Raphael's long-time friend.
It remains uncertain which depicted by Vittore Carpaccio, Gentile Bellini and other artists in a series of paintings for the Scuola Grande di San Giovanni Evangelista.
Henry Bacon, the architect of the Lincoln Memorial, designed the festooned pedestal for the replica statue.
The Wine of Saint Martin's Day is the largest painting by Pieter Bruegel the Elder.
The Statue of Antinous at Delphi is an ancient statue that was found in Delphi during excavation.
Stylistically Gleizes' painting exemplifies the principle of mobile perspective laid out in Du "Cubisme", written by himself and French painter Jean Metzinger.
It depicts Russian schoolchildren in a classroom with a bust of Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin.
Delaware was burned in 1861 at the Gosport Navy Yard to prevent Confederate capture at the start of the Civil War.
Originally this painting was commissioned and paid for by Ciriaco Mattei, brother of cardinal Girolamo Mattei.
Chloé is a 260 by 139 cm oil canvas painting of a young Parisian girl by French figure painter Jules Joseph Lefebvre, made in 1875.
Sources are unclear about the reason the artist would travel to Bentheim to paint it.
The Boy Scout Memorial is a public artwork by American sculptor Donald De Lue, located at The Ellipse in Washington, D.C., United States.
We constructed a fantastical palace in the night—a very fragile palace of matches.
In the left foreground is a waterfall divided in the middle by a rock ; to the left is a tree-trunk lying half in the stream.
It depicts a nude female allegory of spring on a wet moon scattering stars throughout the sky.
The original size of the painting was 69 x 57 cm.
The theft entered popular culture, as it was referenced in the 1962 James Bond film Dr. No.
No painting by Leonardo exists that is based directly on this cartoon.
Allegory to the Element Earth is a painting by the Venetian Renaissance artist Leandro Bassano of about 1580, now in The Walters Art Museum, Baltimore.
It is located today in the Parish Church of the Coronation of the Virgin in Stuppach.
The portrait statue is set on a red Levante marble pedestal.
It is now held at the Museo del Prado.
The work is now in the collection of the Kunsthalle Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.
Konti died in Yonkers, New York on January 11, 1938.
The Fountain of Neptune is a monumental fountain, located in Municipio square, in Naples, Italy.
The colors in the portrayal – especially after the restoration – strike us as cool and luminous.
The painting depicts an injured soldier of the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War waiving an improvised flag of surrender.
In all these works, a single, strong light source is a central element, surrounded by cast shadows.
Relative directions are also known as egocentric coordinates.
The red painted aluminum sculpture was installed in 2007 in memory of Jeffry A. Posner.
It was the first of two paintings inspired by the 17th century poem "To the Virgins, to Make Much of Time" by Robert Herrick which begins:
In May 1889 Van Gogh voluntarily entered the asylum of St. Paul near Saint-Rémy in Provence.
The cat also resembles the cat seen in the foreground of Edouard Manet's painting Olympia, in which the cat is a symbol of prostitution.
Two of Ingres' students, painters Paul Balze and Alexandre Desgoffe, helped to create the background and water jar.
The work is regarded as one of the greatest magazine covers of recent generations and is studied by art students around the world.
Portrait of a Man is a painting attributed to the Italian Renaissance artist Andrea Mantegna.
Another Holbein portrait of More, part of a large group portrait of his family, is now lost, but several drawings and copies survive.
To the right is the fireplace ; beside it is a four- post bed, at which a servant-maid is busy.
It is one of the many self-portraits painted by Kahlo for friends and patrons during her career.
but it failed to sell on that occasion.
The Death of Sardanapalus is an oil painting on canvas by Eugène Delacroix, dated 1827.
The fountain is composed of a number of tiered bowls with a marble statue of the Marquis de LaFayette on top.
In November 2014 it sold for $81.9m at auction in New York.
Hell Scroll is a scroll depicting seven out of the sixteen lesser hells presented in Kisekyō.
The installation was surveyed and deemed "well maintained" by the Smithsonian Institution's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!"
The Portrait of Hieronymus Holzschuher is a painting by German Renaissance master Albrecht Dürer, dated from 1526, now housed in the Gemäldegalerie of Berlin, Germany.
A second and smaller version from ca.
The Lovers is a public art work by artist Mark di Suvero located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
This largest artistic wall painting of Iceland was officially opened by mayor Árni Sigfússon of Reykjanesbær on 6 September 2013.
The painting was presented for the first time to the public at the 7th Impressionist exhibition in the spring of 1882.
It has been in the collection of the Tate in London since 1987, and is on exhibition at the Tate Modern, London.
It may be Vermeer's earliest surviving work, dating from 1655.
Artists including Manet, Degas and Monet, followed by Van Gogh, began to collect the cheap colour wood-block prints called ukiyo-e prints.
It is cherry in flavor with a background of quinine.
The Fall of the Titans is an oil painting of the Titanomachy made by the Dutch painter Cornelis van Haarlem in 1588–1590.
The Penitent Magdalene is a 1565 oil painting by Titian of saint Mary Magdalene, now in the Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg.
Her prayers were heard by the goddess Nemesis who caused Narcissus to fall in love with his own reflection.
Renoir also admired Rubens and Titian's works, and he tried to find a compromise between the styles of these old masters and the new impressionist style.
The form is partly derived from ancient portrayals of Venus and other female nudes, and partly from contemporaneous feminised Hellenistic portrayals of Dionysus/Bacchus.
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in the collection of the Louvre.
It is now held in the Pinacoteca di Brera in Milan.
The Holy Family enjoys a picnic of fruit.
The long, oval face of Mary is also reminiscent of the Pietà.
He used themes in this work that relate to those expressed in several of his other works.
The painting's luminosity and use of colour owes much to Delacroix's study of the Old Masters, such as Paolo Veronese.
(if such she has), and bottom out.
It was ultimately determined to be beyond repair and was removed in June 2017.
Its equestrian format is owed to influences from Rubens.
The statue was removed for restoration in the 1980s and resited on its return in February 1985.
This painting is from Dalí's Paranoiac-critical period.
For this scene, Bouguereau's daughter Henriette and son Paul served as models.
Purchased by Dr. W. Bode for the Strassburg Gallery.
The tree is subtly oval in form, following another Cubist practice seen in works by Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque.
The author of the work, which is dated around 1446, is unknown.
The look of the young woman seems to contain a hint of seriousness.
The Wrestlers was displayed at the 1908 Ashcan School exhibition.
Memoria Urbana Berlin is a public sculpture by Spanish artist Juan Garaizabal that stands in the middle of the Bethlehemkirchplatz, Mitte district, Berlin, Germany.
In 2004, following new scholarly studies of the work, Corpus was attributed to Bernini, who cast the sculpture for his personal collection.
The Northern Renaissance work is one of a series of works, five of which still survive, that depict different times of the year.
St. George, with cusp, 200 x 60 cm, Uffizi, Florence
Each figure in the work is adorned with an identifying family crest.
The Benjamin C. Grenup Monument is a public artwork by American artist Charles Rousseau, located at Glenwood Cemetery in Washington, D.C., United States.
It was commissioned by Marcello Pallavicino, vestryman of the Casa Professa of Jesuits in Genoa.
The Captive King is a sketch by Joseph Wright of Derby completed in 1772 or 1773.
The Aero Memorial is a gilded bronze sculpture by Paul Manship, commissioned by the Association for Public Art.
Gambrinus is sometimes erroneously called a patron saint, but he is neither a saint nor a tutelary deity.
It was first exhibited at the 1888 Salon de la Société des Artistes Indépendants in Paris, where it became one of Seurat's least admired works.
Madonna with Child is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Filippo Lippi.
Seven Easy Pieces was a series of performances given by artist Marina Abramović in New York City at the Guggenheim Museum in November 2005.
Rossetti chose to represent the situation in reverse.
They are watching and spying on her, trying to find an opportunity to catch her alone in the garden.
Initially installed in Czechoslovakia in 1988, the sculpture was removed after the Velvet Revolution and brought to the United States in the 1990s.
Raphael studied the works of Leonardo da Vinci while in Florence and applied some of Leonardo's techniques to his own painting.
There are two female figures in the foreground, one with drawers opening from her side like a chest.
The group consists of three women frontally oriented, standing in a row upon a base.
Lubbert Das was a comical character in Dutch literature.
It was Bierstadt’s first large-scale Yosemite picture, a subject for which he would become well known.
The sculpture depicts death, in the form of a winged skeleton, planting a kiss on the forehead of a handsome young man.
She turns her face, which has Saskia's features, with a slight inclination towards the spectator.
The style of the painting was characteristic of the French Rococo period and was favoured by the wealthy art patrons of his time.
All were executed at the Saint-Paul-de-Mausole mental asylum at Saint-Rémy near Arles, France, where Van Gogh was voluntarily a patient from May 1889 to May 1890.
The Virgin is standing on a pedestal which includes harpies sculpted in relief, from which the painting takes its name.
The belt-plate shows the typical southern Illyrian shield used in southern Illyria and the Illyrian helmet.
The portrait, which represents Hogarth’s highest achievement in direct portraiture, was not created as a commission and was instead donated to Coram's Foundling Hospital.
The Trinity is currently held in the Tretyakov Gallery in Moscow.
It is located at Fort McHenry, Baltimore.
The Conversion of Saint Paul, by the Italian painter Caravaggio, is housed in the Odescalchi Balbi Collection of Rome.
Open End is an abstract public art sculpture by Clement Meadmore.
Brack has radically reinterpreted Boucher’s artistic convention.
It was returned to the heirs of Alphonse Kann in July 1997 and placed at public auctions in New York and London respectively.
For the next five years, attempts to restore the columns were unsuccessful and they remained in storage beneath the Fremont Bridge.
A Girl with a Watering Can is an Impressionist painting by Pierre-Auguste Renoir from 1876.
Dante Alighieri was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian Institution's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
The American musicologist Glenn Watkins believes the painting to be the only authentic portrait of Gesualdo.
It was the first of the three to be installed in the chapel, in July 1600.
The sculpture faces the historic Madame Walker Theatre Center, which is located across the street.
Eve holds the traditional apple, with the snake coming to her from above from the tree of life.
They are housed in the Brukenthal National Museum; the Royal Museum of Fine Arts of Antwerp and in the National Gallery, respectively.
The Self-Portrait with a friend is a painting by Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael.
It was first installed in the Transit Mall of Portland, Oregon, and was later sited as Soaring Stones #4 at Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington.
It is often celebrated as the first painting of the Renaissance due to its newfound naturalism and escape from the constraints of Gothic art.
It is a near contemporary with Caravaggio's Madonna with Saint Anne now at the Musée du Louvre.
A "perfect demonstration" of his carving technique, the work delivers a "powerful emotional and narrative punch".
The painting shows a table laid for tea drinking on a spring day in a Leningrad apartment in the mid-1960s.
The artist has been identified as South Carolina slaveholder John Rose, and the painting may depict his plantation in what is now Beaufort County.
The composition of the picture is focused on the image formed by the rider and horses in the central plane.
The Saint Barbara Altarpiece is a medieval altarpiece attributed to Master Francke.
Danaë is Rembrandt's painting from the collection of Pierre Crozat which since the 18th century has resided in the Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg, Russia.
Broadcasting House is the headquarters of the BBC, in Portland Place and Langham Place, London.
It has been called Symbolist, as it has no recognisable narrative, but rather sets a mood.
The case ended with Whistler awarded token damages of one farthing.
Laughing Fisherboy is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals, painted in 1628 and now in Westphalia.
It dates from the second half of the 16th century.
A lady, wearing a light blue jacket and a red skirt, sits in the farther right-hand corner of a vestibule paved with tiles.
The sculpture is a life-sized male bison constructed of barbed wire, densely coiled and woven.
; canvas, 27 inches by 23 inches.
Radiant Fountains is a sculpture by Dennis Oppenheim, installed outside George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston, Texas, in the United States.
This is one of the finest pictures by De Hooch in Holland.
The woman is shown in profile but with her bust turned in three-quarter view to reveal a cameo medallion she is wearing round her neck.
Andy Warhol’s painting “Green Coca-Cola Bottles” attempted to take a mainstream item and converted it into a piece of art.
The Zephyrometer is a public sculpture by Evans Bay, Wellington.
Following the English Civil War the statue was sold to a metalsmith to be broken down, but he hid it until the Restoration.
Erected at the northern end of the beach at the Anna Square opposite University of Madras, it is an important landmark of Chennai.
The Spoliarium is a painting by Filipino artist Juan Luna.
The Laundress is a 1761 genre painting by French artist Jean-Baptiste Greuze.
And it had to have equal representation of men and women."
the carnation is covered by a shadow.
It is the only painting by Leyster with a provenance that reaches back to the 18th-century.
The equestrian statue depicts Theodore Roosevelt on horseback.
Though it is believed that Raphael did make the designs for the composition, the fresco was probably painted by Gianfrancesco Penni.
The inclusion of leopards and the loom offer further evidence that the painting is of Circe.
The study was donated to the National Gallery of Canada by Dennis T. Lanigan Collection in 2007.
Like in Dance, the aim was to show man's attainment of a state of completeness by immersion in creativity.
The painting depicts a husband and wife with their three children walking to church through a city street.
The center is 3×3 meters and each side 2.75×2.30 meters.
The bronze equestrian sculpture depicts Baron Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben in his Revolutionary War uniform.
Four Seasons is a mosaic by Marc Chagall that is located in Chase Tower Plaza in the Loop district of Chicago, Illinois.
At its first showing Hughes accompanied the painting with an extract from Tennyson's poem "The Miller's Daughter":
Gross, is an 1875 painting by American artist Thomas Eakins.
Mega-Gem is an outdoor sculpture by American artist John Francis Torreano.
Le Bateau is a paper-cut from 1953 by Henri Matisse.
Whales produce a great variety of vocalizations, notably the extended songs of the humpback whale.
The tomb as a whole was a joint work commissioned of Bernini and his father Pietro.
Jacob’s Dream is a 1639 oil-on-canvas painting by the Spanish Tenebrist painter José de Ribera.
The lone figure's total isolation from the outside world is a dramatic and desperate moment.
The dog in the foreground was first placed to the left instead of to the right of the centre.
She was originally the Muse of Song but then became the Muse of Tragedy.
Doctor John Witherspoon is a bronze sculpture by William Couper of John Witherspoon, Presbyterian minister and a signatory of the United States Declaration of Independence.
The Servant Christ was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
There are two sculptures, the original in Gothenburg and its duplicate at Aninkaistenkatu 12 in Turku.
Duchamp prepared a "Manual of Instructions" in a 4-ring binder explaining and illustrating how to assemble and disassemble the piece.
Local contributions made up the rest, and the work on the mural restoration began.
Unfortunately, the first, rejected, version of this theme was destroyed in World War II, and we only have black and white and enhanced color reproductions.
Evidently until this time, van Gogh's relations to M. and Mme.
The posture of the two figures is typical of Byzantine painting of the subject.
Luna spent six years in Rome from 1878 to 1884.
Morning Yawn is a painting by the Norwegian artist Edvard Munch.
It is administered by the City and County of San Francisco and the San Francisco Arts Commission.
It is popularly known as Los borrachos or The Drinkers.
Equipoise 14 sits in front of an office building on the northside of the city.
Inversion: Plus Minus is a pair of outdoor sculptures designed by artists and architects Annie Han and Daniel Mihalyo, located in southeast Portland, Oregon.
It is situated on New York Street in front of the Herron School of Art and Design.
The image depicts an opening through a subterranean cavern at Antelope Canyon, Arizona.
Self-portrait with Dr Arrieta is the name given to a painting by Spanish artist Francisco Goya.
Frederik V on Horseback is a sculpture in Amalienborg Square, Copenhagen, framed by the four symmetrical wings of the Amalienborg palace.
At the same time as these works were being produced, Caravaggio was busy with Amor Victorious for the Cardinal's brother, the banker Vincenzo.
The painting is better seen from il "coreto" in the first floor.
The birds take on an increasing three-dimensionality in the upward direction, and the fish, in the downward direction.
It is located in the room that takes its name from it, the Stanza di Eliodoro.
Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1951 became one of the notable event in Art live of Leningrad of the beginning of 1950s.
Michelangelo contributed many "characters to Blake's gallery of mythic persons and heroes".
It was made in Spring of 2009 as an assignment for a studio art class at the Herron School of Art and Design.
Alien is a 2012 sculpture by the British artist David Breuer-Weil.
A drover on horseback is attempting to turn the mob before they drown or crush each other in their desire to drink.
He stares out at the viewer, while she reads from a log-book.
The painting was jointly purchased by the National Gallery and the National Galleries of Scotland for £45 million in March 2012.
It is in fact most likely that the latter are portraits of Medici members.
Temperance, holding reins in her hand, guarding a cupid Faith, who points at the sky with his right hand
Once popular as a trysting site, today it serves as a billboard for campus groups and events.
It is now in the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich.
Kneeling near the Virgin's left shoulder is Saint Joseph.
The composition of this painting was highly influential, despite very public display of such images often being restricted for some centuries.
The statue of Nelson Mandela in Parliament Square, London, is a bronze sculpture of former President of South Africa and anti-apartheid activist Nelson Mandela.
X-ray analysis has shown the presence of an early Raphael drawing under the painting, of a female, young face with soft features, with later modifications.
Narcissus is a painting by the Italian Baroque master Caravaggio, painted circa 1597–1599.
Benjamin Franklin was the first United States Postmaster General.
The kinetic sculpture, which is made from aluminum, steel, painted metal, wire, English ivy, concrete, and mylar sheets, depicts Chief Seattle and George Washington.
According to The National Museum of American Illustration, it has outsold Andy Warhol's Campbell's Soup Cans and Da Vinci's Last Supper.
The painting, originally attributed to Raphael, came to the Hermitage in 1772 from Paris.
Many of the individual paintings in the series are now in prominent public and private collections.
It is housed in the Victoria and Albert Museum of London and was executed c. 1622–1623.
The statue is 7 feet high and weighs 900 pounds.
Amber was a plastic that Illyrians were very fond of and many of their jewellery and decorative objects were made of amber.
The name of the drawing was taken from a post on Artcat publisher James Wagner's blog.
It neither manifests psychological tension nor projects a morbid vision."
One critic appreciated how its flowing lines contrasted with the "stark" pillars of the adjacent building, and called the marble "impressive".
This is not the crucifixion in the mosaic of the dormition
Roberts painted the picture while staying at Newstead, a station near Inverell, New South Wales, where he also painted his other significant bushranging work Bailed up.
It depicts Beatrice Portinari from Dante Alighieri's poem La Vita Nuova at the moment of her death.
It is housed in the church of San Giovanni in Bragora in Venice.
Due to Renoir's strong dislike of cold temperatures and snow, the piece is one of his few winter landscapes.
The Golden Fleece, originally known as Shearing at Newstead, is an 1894 painting by the Australian artist Tom Roberts.
Roper is depicted in three-quarters view with a narrow face and wearing extravagant clothes that reflect her social position.
In the collection of the Marquess of Lansdowne, Bowood, before 1836 ; sold to P. A.
Heliodorus is ordered by Seleucus IV Philopator, the king of Syria, to seize the treasure preserved in the Temple in Jerusalem.
Cézanne was famous for painting still lifes which expressed complex emotions while still being based upon carefully observed reality.
The Monk by the Sea is an oil painting by the German Romantic artist Caspar David Friedrich.
In 2011, a print was auctioned for $3.89 million, making it the most expensive photograph ever sold at that time.
At the time, this room was known as the Stanza della Segnatura, and was the private papal library where the supreme papal tribunal met.
The Temple Pyx is a mid 12th century medieval bronze gilt plaque, suggested as German in origin.
This painting by Hooch was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1908, who wrote; "25.
The overwhelming impression is of some action intensely personal and private - no triumph, no armies, no victory.
In May 1990, Kiss II, sold for $6.0 million.
The first version of the painting, completed in 1883 and originally exhibited in Chicago, was lost for some time.
The figures--two male and two female--balance along the top edge of a winding brick wall surrounded by a garden.
The decisive gesture of her arms in the akimbo position and her confidence stand out.
The painting is located at the Cathedral of Our Lady in Antwerp, Belgium, along with other Rubens works.
The Self-portrait of Giorgione is a 1510 self-portrait by the Italian painter Giorgione.
The canvas dates to 1878 and is one of the most heroic representations of the history of Poland.
Young Woman in Blue is a drawing by French artist Edgar Degas, created in 1884.
Prince Balthasar Charles as a Hunter is a 1635 portrait of Balthasar Charles, Prince of Asturias by Velázquez.
The Open Window depicts the view out the window of his apartment in Collioure, on the Southern coast of France.
Vasari noted that Michelangelo began to work on the sculpture around the age of 72.
It is in the Detroit Institute of Arts.
The two subjects of the painting are the daughters of the illustrator Frederick Barnard – a friend of Sargent's.
Judas holds his right hand to his mouth with his eyes avoiding direct contact with the other figures in the painting creating a nervous expression.
John the Baptist is holding up a cross to Jesus, which the baby Jesus is grasping.
It is located at West Windlake Avenue and West Lincoln Avenue west of Kosciuszko Park in the Lincoln Village neighborhood.
In 1899, the portrait was sold to Boston businessman Frederick Sears.
This location is now home to WFYI.
The painting was completed in 1821, and hangs in the rotunda of the United States Capitol in Washington, D. C.
Completed in 1987, the statue was named in honor of a chief of the local Tualatin Indians.
It consists of a large, partly enamelled, stainless steel arrow, and a hoop that glows in the dark.
The third, James the Greater and the winged John.)
The bronze bust rests on a granite pedestal and was acquired by the City of Houston in 1986.
Together with The Yellow Christ, it is considered to be one of the key-works of Symbolism in painting.
The Deposition from the Cross is an altarpiece, completed in 1528, depicting the Deposition of Christ by the Italian Renaissance painter Jacopo Pontormo.
Rockwell's idyllic and nostalgic approach to regionalism made him a popular illustrator but a lightly regarded fine artist during his lifetime, a view still prevalent today.
In the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam, Van der Hoop bequest, 1910 catalogue, No.
The sitter then holds the background together.
The Governor of Gibraltar, General George Augustus Eliott, is on horseback pointing to the rescue of the defeated Spanish sailors by the British.
It is famous for its unequal battle with two Turkish ships, which took place on May 14, 1829.
Until the death of Albert in 1621, the area of Flanders enjoyed peace and prosperity.
Cabaret Scene is a painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí.
Her left hand lies on a book of magic; her left foot is extended.
1st Regiment Infantry National Guard of Philadelphia, also known as the Spirit of '61, is a bronze statue by Henry Kirke Bush-Brown.
The accusations of religious tribunals are thus reflected back on themselves, whose actions are implicitly equated with superstition and ritualized sacrifice.
This work is held in the collection of the Museum Ludwig.
It is located in Miami Beach at the Fillmore Miami Beach at Jackie Gleason Theater.
The Sentry is a 1654 painting of a resting sentry and a dog by Carel Fabritius.
At the end of the account, Helen Sloan asked, "Is your organization a non-profit group?"
WIC made plans for restoration, but it was going to be very expensive for the more than 2,000 square feet of canvas.
Young Virgin Auto-Sodomized by the Horns of Her Own Chastity is a 1954 painting by Salvador Dalí.
The sculpture was probably commissioned for the Baptistery of Florence.
Its form was inspired by the shape of a bone fragment.
He looks at a girl, with her back to the spectator, who stands close to the window.
The original city of Gibellina was completely destroyed in the 1968 Belice earthquake.
The painting was executed during the artist's trip to the Low Countries.
Portrait of Laura Dianti is a c. 1520–25 painting by Titian, now held in the H. Kisters Collection at Kreuzlingen.
Jeanne d'Arc is a gilded bronze equestrian sculpture of Joan of Arc by Emmanuel Frémiet inaugurated in 1874.
Having been handed down many generations, via the direct descendants of the portrait's subject, Jan Six, the work remains in the Six Collection in Amsterdam.
In 1941 the painting was moved, together with other large paintings from the gallery, to Ellesmere College in Shropshire.
The Deposition from the Cross is a painting of the Deposition of Christ by the Italian Renaissance master Fra Angelico, executed between 1432 and 1434.
Constructed in 1999, it is located at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.
Dynamism of a speeding Horse + Houses is a sculpture from Umberto Boccioni realized in 1914-1915.
Madame Walker Theatre Center is located across the street.
The Portrait of Lucrezia Panciatichi is a painting by the Italian artist Agnolo di Cosimo, known as Bronzino, finished around 1545.
In 2010 video game Epic Mickey, the statue with Oswald the Lucky Rabbit holding Walt's hand instead of Mickey appears.
Lucretia is a painting by Paolo Veronese from c. 1585.
The work is signed BRONZO FIORENTINO on the edge of the table top.
The Convention of Kanagawa put an end to the 200-year-old Japanese foreign policy of Seclusion and opened up trade between Japan and the West.
Courbet painted The Painter's Studio in Ornans, France in 1855.
The use of pointillism in the work suggests that it postdates The Little Street.
Whistler's depiction of the industrial city park in The Falling Rocket includes a fireworks display in the foggy night sky.
LET US HERE HIGHLY RESOLVETHAT THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE
Moses is in the middle while Aaron and Hur hold up his arms to ensure victory.
Portrait of Pope Paul V is a painting by the Italian artist Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio, now in the Palazzo Borghese, Rome.
Van Gogh could also see an enclosed wheat field, subject of many paintings at Saint-Rémy.
The statue was commissioned by the Illustrious Penitential Brotherhood of Our Lady of Anguish.
Chardin made several versions of the painting, one of which was given as a gift to Louis XV.
A woman next to them is shocked by their behaviour but she has her hands full assisting the "ghost" to bleed a cat from its tail.
It depicts a nocturnal scene of a forest of bizarre, abstract trees.
The work is dated and signed Laurent[ius] Lotus MDVIII.
Captain Lord George Graham in his Cabin is a 1745 oil-on-canvas painting by the English artist William Hogarth.
Paley gifted the work to the Museum of Modern Art.
Significantly, neither Holofernes nor the blood streaming from his neck is shown, as is typical of most artistic renderings.
Professor James Cahill of University of California Berkeley devoted an entire lecture to it, available online.
Nolan had left the painting among many others at Heide.
Interchange, also known as Interchanged, is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch-American abstract expressionist painter Willem de Kooning.
The Dot is a work of art in Emmen.
Metamorphosis of Narcissus is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí.
FONDU PARLE PAL D'OSNE 58 RUE VOLTAIRE
A woman is putting away linen in a great oak press, inlaid with ebony, which stands to the right in a room.
The woman is traditionally identified with the fornarina Margherita Luti, Raphael's Roman lover, though this has been questioned.
It is one of many portraits of Charles by Van Dyck, including several equestrian portraits.
Magritte himself is often seen wearing a bowler hat in photographs.
Benno Geiger called it a "triumph of abstract art in the 16th century".
Continuation is an outdoor 2009 granite series of sculptures by Japanese artist Michihiro Kosuge, installed along Portland, Oregon's Transit Mall, in the United States.
This would accord with the comment by Caravaggio's early biographer, the artist Giovanni Baglione, that Caravaggio did some early paintings using a mirror.
This include a drawing of the figure of Time holding a scythe and simultaneously the obelisk.
General Winfield Scott Hancock is an equestrian statue of Winfield Scott Hancock, by Henry Jackson Ellicott together with architect Paul J. Pelz.
At its base, the sculpture is approximately two feet wide.
The foliage of trees covers part of the picture.
However, George II was insulted by the apparent jab at his best troops, and rejected it when it was offered to him.
He was a friend of Gleizes and married his sister Mireille in 1912.
Merahi metua no Tehamana is an 1893 painting by the French artist Paul Gauguin, currently in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago.
These figures of the New Testament maintain eye contact.
His son Gifford MacGregor Proctor completed the sculpture between 1950 and 1953.
The Salon was also troubled by Monet's heavy brushstrokes, a style which would, of course, become one of the hallmarks of Impressionism.
On the top are the hands of God, emerging from the clouds and releasing the dove of the Holy Ghost.
It depicts a light-hearted scene of two men and one woman travelling on foot through the country-side.
Reproduced as an etching and engraving, it was published in 1741 from a third state plate produced in 1740.
The artist's nightmare reflected his view of Spanish society, which he portrayed in the Caprichos as demented, corrupt, and ripe for ridicule.
The Potato Harvest is a painting by the French artist Jean-François Millet.
Completed in 1652, the work depicts Francesco I d'Este, Duke of Modena.
The painting resides at the Museo Nazionale di Capodimonte in Naples.
The painting measures 211 × 256.3 cm, and is exhibited at the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, England.
Finally, a donkey emerges on the right, seemingly oblivious to the rest of the scene.
One night her spirit came to him in a dream, and unable to get her image out of his head he painted this portrait.
It depicts a legend in the life of Christian saint Martin of Tours: the saint cut off half his cloak and gave it to a beggar.
The "Essential Vermeer" website gives a broader range of 1658–1661.
The painting is in the permanent collection of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City.
It measures 25 x 15 x 31 metres in height and weighs 44 short tons.
Today, it is housed in the Salvador Dalí Museum in St. Petersburg, Florida.
The Polyptych of Perugia is a complex of paintings by the Italian Renaissance master Piero della Francesca, finished around 1470.
Sueño de una tarde dominical en la Alameda Central or Dream of a Sunday Afternoon in the Alameda Central is a mural created by Diego Rivera.
The one containing Traffic Light Tree was the clear favourite.
At the time the work was painted Van Gogh was readying himself to leave the Saint-Rémy asylum for the quiet town of Auvers-sur-Oise outside of Paris.
One of Raphael's distinctions is his attention to the clothing of the subjects of his portraits, this one depicting opulence.
The development of Cubist and abstract art in the work of Gleizes was necessarily a transformation from the synthetic preoccupation with his subject matter.
It was commissioned by former-First Lady Mary Lord Harrison as a memorial to her husband, President Benjamin Harrison.
Del Monte kept it till the end of his life, and several copies went into circulation and were greatly valued.
It dates to about 1100 BCE in the Shang dynasty period.
It is housed in the Pitti Palace in Florence.
Its salvage was documented in several photographs which show soldiers from the U.S. Army posing with Manet’s painting in the mine in Merkers.
Waterhouse painted it in 1884; according to Anthony Hobson, "The Illustrated London News described it as one of the principal works of the year".
It resides at Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya in Barcelona, Spain.
Mother & Child is an abstract sculpture by Sorel Etrog.
After the painting competition, Luna sold it for 5,000 Spanish pesetas, the highest price for a painting at the time.
The painting was originally kept in Santa Maria Maggiore, Florence.
Ancient Rome is an oil on canvas painting by Giovanni Paolo Panini.
The statue stands by one of the city's main dikes, the Weserdeich, on the site of one of the original docks from which early emigrants departed.
It is a black and white painting inspired by the life of Elizabeth Taylor, a seven foot tall creation of the artist.
Marphurius or Marforio is one of the talking statues of Rome.
TriMet is an outdoor 1977 aluminum sculpture by American artist Robert Maki, installed on the Mount Hood Community College campus in Gresham, Oregon, United States.
The regiment lost approximately 258 men out of 500 at the battle of Maiwand, having faced an Afghan army ten times larger than the British contingent.
Saint Praxedis is an oil painting attributed to Johannes Vermeer.
The painting is in the Albright–Knox Art Gallery, Buffalo, New York.
It is still in its original place, the Cathedral of Our Lady, Antwerp, Belgium, along with another great altarpiece The Elevation of the Cross.
It is housed in the Museo Correr in Venice.
The result of the group show is a succès de scandale.
As I Opened Fire is a 1964 oil and magna on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein.
The painting depicts a swimming pool surrounded by buildings.
Venus Anadyomene, is a c. 1520 oil painting by Titian, depicting Venus rising from the sea and wringing her hair, after her birth fully-grown.
Rather poorly-done floral ornament, in-painted around the figures of John and Jesus, dates back to the same late time.
In 1855, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow published a book-length poem entitled The Song of Hiawatha.
Manufacturing, especially paper products, information technology, and tourism are also major contributors to the state's economy.
The Solly Madonna by the Italian renaissance artist Raphael was painted somewhere between 1500 and 1504.
The Marriage of the Virgin is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Perugino, although it is now sometimes attributed to his pupil Lo Spagna.
On the basis of its place in Velázquez's stylistic development, the portrait is thought to have been painted between 1638 and 1639.
The thing about Mickey is that even though he’s gone through so many shifts in form and association, he’s timeless.
Sold at auction in 1998 as an early 19th-century German work, some experts have since attributed it to Leonardo da Vinci.
There were other variations by Rubens on the theme of Three Graces.
Forty-four additional figures pay homage to the poet in a kind of classical confession of faith.
It is a part of the Cubi series.
Rock Drill has been heralded as embodying the spirit of "radical Modernism more dramatically than any other sculpture, English or continental, then or since".
In January 2015, Kelly gifted to the Blanton Museum the design concept for a 2,715 square feet stone building that he subsequently named Austin.
Beneath this inscription is a memorial bronze plaque that lists all UT students and alumni killed in The Great War.
The Blessed Mother is a work of public art by Gregory Mendez and Neil Wiffill.
Stylistically it shares attributes of Pop art and Minimalism.
It lasted from Friday, 5 December to Tuesday, 9 December 1952 and then dispersed quickly when the weather changed.
Niagara Falls, from the American Side is a painting by the American artist Frederic Edwin Church.
Gabrielle Cot is a portrait oil on canvas painting by William-Adolphe Bouguereau from 1890.
Its loose brushwork and "unfinished" quality shocking viewers as much as its vivid, non-naturalistic colors.
It is in the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden, Washington, USA.
Pissarro was proud of the painting, and it remained in his family’s possession until 1913.
By having the large sleeve project slightly beyond the parapet, Titian "subverts" the usual barrier effect, bringing the picture space into "our space" as viewers.
The Inspection is the third canvas in the series of six satirical paintings known as Marriage à-la-mode painted by William Hogarth.
The signature is false ; canvas, 28 1/2 inches by 34 inches.
It currently resides at National Gallery in London.
Abraham Lincoln: The Head of State is a 9-foot tall bronze statue of Abraham Lincoln in Grant Park, in Chicago.
The harmonic and singing qualities of the tree were produced by tuning the pipes according to their length by adding holes to the underside of each.
It was published in 1857 as the thirtieth print in the One Hundred Famous Views of Edo series and depicts Prunus mume trees in bloom.
The portrait face in high relief measures approximately 3 feet x 1.5 feet x 1.5 feet and cost $2,500.
A plaque is placed on the base:
The painting was acquired by the Toledo Museum of Art in 1949.
Vir Heroicus Sublimis is a painting by Barnett Newman, an American painter who was a key part of the abstract expressionist movement.
The equestrian statue of Charles I in Charing Cross, London, is a work by the French sculptor Hubert Le Sueur, probably cast in 1633.
Like his earlier painting Réunion de famille, Scène d'été captured friends and family members in the outdoors and was exhibited at the Paris Salon in 1870.
It is located on the north side of the lecture hall which is located at 325 University Blvd.
The work, created two years after Van Gogh had decided to become an artist, depicts 32-year-old pregnant woman Clasina Maria Hoornik, familiarly known as Sien.
Casey Stengel a public sculpture by American artist, Rhoda Sherbell, is located on the Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis campus, which is near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.
Look Mickey is a 1961 oil on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein.
Dora Maar, Picasso's lover at the time, was the subject of the work which was originally conceived in 1941.
The painting shows the radical journalist lying dead in his bath on 13 July 1793 after his murder by Charlotte Corday.
A number of other interpretations are possible.
It is oil on canvas, and was painted in 1910.
The Statue of Urban VIII is a large statue from the late 1630s, of the then pope Urban VIII.
The functional sculpture is located at the Indianapolis Museum of Art's 100 Acres: Virginia B. Fairbanks Art & Nature Park.
The use of swans is a pun on Dr. Swann's name.
The Avukana statue is a standing statue of the Buddha near Kekirawa in North Central Sri Lanka.
He was born in Blåkrog in the Duchy of Schleswig, to Henrik Vilhelm Eckersberg, painter and carpenter, and Ingeborg Nielsdatter.
While some of the videos displayed are of scenery, most attention has focused on its video clips of local residents.
During the Baroque period a bronze floating loincloth was added.
It was one of the works exhibited at Lichtenstein's first solo exhibition in Los Angeles.
Some of the figures are clearly inspired by Michelangelo or Pontormo, as well as by the ancient statue sculpture.
Dante Alighieri, is a public artwork by Italian artist Ettore Ximenes, located at Meridian Hill Park in Washington, D.C., United States.
The second replica was installed outside of City Hall soon after the blast with funds from private donations.
The city-approved sculpture was revealed in April 2014 near Adrian City Hall.
The King Edward VII Memorial is a sculpture in memory of King Edward VII, located in Centenary Square, Birmingham, England.
A Polish Nobleman is a 1637 painting by Rembrandt depicting a man in a costume of either Polish szlachta or boyar nobility.
The painting was made with high technical skill.
With over 300,000 pieces in the collection, the miniature circus main tent stands 25 inches tall and is 5 feet wide and 11 feet long.
She died young and Okyo mourned her death.
Asnières, now named Asnières-sur-Seine, is the subject and location of paintings that Vincent van Gogh made in 1887.
The work was created as part of a revitalization effort.
At the time Wignacourt was about sixty years old.
The Goethe–Schiller Monument in Syracuse, New York incorporates a copper double-statue of the German poets Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller.
There is a group of central upright figures, and a rational arrangement of subsidiary figures, all in horizontal planes, and observing studied poses.
David exhibited the work at the Salon of 1781 after returning from Italy and it proved a great success.
In such works the artist depicted a variety of poses and expressions, in this case showing the mild curiosity of the girl.
It was around about half past six in the evening when everybody’s having tea.
The World Trade Center Tapestry was a large tapestry by Joan Miró and Josep Royo.
The Rotterdam painting is about half the size of the Vienna one.
The Madonna of the Rosary is a painting finished in 1607 by the Italian Baroque painter Caravaggio, now in the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
Millais had originally painted the colours in the same order in both rainbows.
It is a landscape painted in a Luminist style.
Before the Race is a painting by Impressionist painter, Edgar Degas, who began painting scenes with horses in the 1860s.
It was designed by Swedish sculptor Claes Oldenburg, who specializes in creating oversize sculptures of everyday objects.
The state capital is Madison, and its largest city is Milwaukee, which is located on the western shore of Lake Michigan.
In a well-furnished room sits a lady with an embroidery-pillow on her lap; she gives money from her purse to a servant-girl, who carries a market-pail.
The faint moon is on the right side, touched by the God's left hand.
It was inspired by a passage in the Histories by Herodotus, and the artist painstakingly copied some of the images from Assyrian artifacts.
The second, measuring 125.5 by 190 centimetres, was composed specifically for King Alexander, who had also commissioned the first version.
Dated 1510, this is the earliest full-length portrait in Western painting - on the assumption that it is a portrait, as seems likely.
They were discovered by accident, when trenches were being dug just outside the Porta San Laurentino in the city walls.
Bathsheba at Her Bath is an oil painting by the Dutch artist Rembrandt finished in 1654.
The Portrait of Prince Philip Prospero is a 1659 portrait of Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias by Diego Velázquez.
Captain George K. H. Coussmaker is an oil on canvas portrait by Joshua Reynolds.
Some use a broader definition of the title to refer to other paintings by Monet with this same theme.
Harlequin is the name of a well-known Italian comic theater character that is generally identified by his checkered costume.
It was purchased from the Dalmau family between 1953 and 1955 by Stephen Hahn and; sold in 1955 to Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller, New York.
A wound on Goliath's forehead shows where he has been felled by the stone from David's sling.
The portrait was painted in Leningrad in 1957.
He wrote of the exhibition that Whistler was "asking two hundred guineas for flinging a pot of paint in the public's face".
The fountain contains statues based on Greek mythology.
In July 2010, the Leopold Museum agreed to pay $19 million to Bondi's heirs under an agreement that would address all outstanding claims on the painting.
Portrait of Giacomo Doria is a portrait of Giacomo Doria by Titian, painted in 1533-35 and now in the Ashmolean Museum.
It is currently housed in the Palazzo Grimani di Santa Maria Formosa in Venice, Italy.
However, it has also been suggested as the statue of a sage.
The Pearl Brewing Company had always preferred to use Texas artists whenever possible.
The painting was created from the numerous drawings that Rossetti had made of Siddal during their time together.
It is part of the permanent collection of the Fundació Joan Miró in Barcelona.
Below the feet of Jesus, the uncorrupt Virgin in red and blue robes is lofted upward by a vortex of singing or otherwise musical angels.
It is currently in the Palazzo Ducale, in Venice, Italy.
In November 2006, the painting was sold by Geffen to billionaire Steven A. Cohen for $137.5 million, making it the fourth most expensive painting ever sold.
It was commissioned by Pope Leo X as a gift to Claude, wife of Francis I of France, hence its name.
Here, the shape of the original block of material is maintained.
He is relaxed and engaged in his own affairs.
In the left foreground is a marshy pool surrounded with trees.
General Johnson Saving a Wounded French Officer from the Tomahawk of a North American Indian is a painting by Benjamin West, completed between 1764 and 1768.
He had read Freud in his teens, initially approached Freud as a young sculptor and was rejected by him.
Completed in 1955, after nine months of work, it remains one of his most popular compositions.
The painting was displayed in Lwów until 1920, when it was moved to Kraków.
It has been suggested that the portrait represents the goddess Flora.
Brown's principal influence was Jan van Eyck's painting the Arnolfini Marriage Portrait, recently acquired by the National Gallery.
The dimensions of the painting are 87 by 59 centimeters.
It is located in the campus of Dhaka University, just in front to the Faculty of Arts Building.
Landscape with Charon Crossing the Styx is a painting by the Flemish Northern Renaissance artist Joachim Patinier.
Circe Invidiosa is part of the collection of the Art Gallery of South Australia, which also owns Waterhouse's The Favourites of the Emperor Honorius.
Eustathius of Antioch is visible in the right foreground.
The painting depicts British explorer John Henry Lefroy on his successful expedition to map the Magnetic North Pole.
The young boy in straw hat, meanwhile, is explicitly inspired by Antoine Watteau's Pierrot.
She was also instrumental in developing the Eastbank Esplanade, which is named after her.
No riots took place in Indianapolis, a fact many attribute to the effect of Kennedy's speech.
A far-reaching view across an open plain varied with woods, meadows, and cornfields, villages and churches amid trees, cottages and windmills.
In 1880 to 1881, shortly before working on Two Sisters, Renoir worked in this particular location on another well-known painting, Luncheon of the Boating Party.
The Stonemason's Yard is an early oil painting by Giovanni Antonio Canal, better known as Canaletto.
The Portrait of Cardinal Ludovico Trevisan is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Andrea Mantegna, dated to c. 1459-1460.
It is currently part of the permanent collection at the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
It is currently displayed at the Musee Rodin in Paris, France.
The determination that the painting was a true Rembrandt was made during the conservation process.
Created in the academic-style, it was in an exhibition hors concours or not for the purpose of competing for a prize.
H. Reydon, Amsterdam, April 5, 1827, No.
However, the shako she depicts the regiment wearing is incorrect.
Abstract Head is an oil painting by Russian expressionist Alexej von Jawlensky.
The side panels, executed by Bosch's workshop basing from his drawings, are at the Staatliche Kunsthalle of Karlsruhe.
The assemblage of bodies form a diagonal oval in the center, separating dark and light sides of the canvas.
At this time, Vermeer began using shadows and soft contours to further evoke an atmosphere of intimacy.
A sculpture group of gilded bronze figures atop the pylon represent Columbia Triumphant, her seashell chariot being drawn by three hippocampi.
In the collection of the late Rodolphe Kann in Paris purchased as a whole by Duveen Brothers of London, August 1907."
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in the collection of the Amsterdam Museum, on loan to the Rijksmuseum.
The painting was originally exhibited with the plural title The Black Brunswickers, but is most commonly known by the singular form of the title.
Gloves symbolize the wedding vows where the husband and wife each hold one of a pair of gloves.
This painting conveys a sense of serenity that van Gogh seeks for himself.
The landscape represents Asgardstrand's beach where Munch spent his summers from 1889.
Using the photographs, Rivera repainted the composition in Mexico under the variant title Man, Controller of the Universe.
It is an allegorical depiction of two women together, one a representation of Spain and the other of the Philippines.
Calder began improvising performances of this circus during his time in Paris.
The statue, cast in 1892 and dedicated on May 30, 1894, sits atop a Quincy granite pedestal.
It is assumed these figures represent part of the Holy Sepulchre, these soldiers stood guard asleep and backs turned to the resurrection.
French painters who preceded him in this include Claude Lorrain, Poussin, and Watteau.
This could be an allusion to the contemporary Council of Florence, whose goal was the unification of the Western and Eastern Churches.
It is now in the Yale Center for British Art, as part of the Paul Mellon collection, where it has the accession number B2001.2.66.
Two earlier Escher pictures that feature stairs are House of Stairs and Relativity.
Constructed from bronze, aluminum and stainless steel, the sculpture stands six feet, ten inches tall and weighs 460 pounds.
Giovanni Battista Tiepolo was an Italian painter and etcher most famous for his decorative fresco cycles.
The painting shows a girl sitting on a rock and holding a sleeping baby on her lap, with a quiet rural landscape behind them.
Reunion was created in 1992 as a model for a larger Reunion sculpture located in Japan.
The core sphere of the sculpture is surrounded by concrete supports pieces designed in a wave-like pattern.
The painting has been interpreted as an allegory of the senses, contrasting the experiences of the blind and sighted sisters.
Later it fell into private hands in the United States, but by that time it was misidentified as a work from the school of Giambologna.
In common with many of Bosch's works, the triptych contains much fantastic imagery.
Above the archway is the same inscription as in the London National Gallery picture, to which this forms a pendant.
Moving vertically upwards, the next is more violet.
Upon France's defeat Mercié changed the hero's head from lifted to fallen.
"The Blessed Damozel" is perhaps the best known poem by Dante Gabriel Rossetti.
If the figure is intended to be Tarquin, the setting must be the night before, with Lucretia perhaps making her plan.
As with another subject, Portrait of Sebastián de Morra, Velázquez pictured de Acedo's whole body seated on the ground.
The Bartholdi Fountain is a monumental public fountain, designed by Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi, who later created the Statue of Liberty.
All of these men are dressed the same, have the same bodily features and are all floating/falling.
Some think this is a reference to the limits of technology.
The piece took Kelly three years to create and was unveiled in front of the County Hall in Cork in 1969.
The Bust of Alessandro Peretti di Montalto is a portrait sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
The subject of the work is the biblical David, about to throw the stone that will bring down Goliath, which will allow David to behead him.
It leans to right instead of the left like Charging Bull and has a more menacing tail.
Teaching a Child to Walk is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch painter Pieter de Hooch.
The boiling pan is particularly well-captured, with its spitting oil and the whites of the eggs.
Now in Tokyo National Museum, it has been designated a National Treasure.
The Babe's Dream is a bronze statue of Babe Ruth, by Susan Luery.
It is now housed at Kunsthaus Zürich, Zürich.
He has red-orange hair, rendered in the same colouring and tone of the rich cloth sleeves covering his mother's upper arms.
It has been described as "one of the museum's most beloved works".
It is housed in the Norton Simon Museum in Pasadena, California.
Two flaming wings rose straight upward, two others opened out horizontally, and two more covered the figure.
It was indicated that Warhol spent only a total of 23 minutes painting the entire car.
A derivative sculpture was created by recycling the cut away elements; this work is installed nearby at Ben's Cycle and Fitness, maker of Milwaukee Bicycles.
It was unveiled on October 18, 2012, two days before Eugene's 150th birthday.
It stands in the eastern side of Prešeren Square, in front of the Central Pharmacy Building in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.
Portrait of Clarissa Strozzi is a portrait by the Italian painter Titian from 1542 belonging to the Gemäldegalerie in Berlin.
The painting became famous for the tremendous skill of the brushstrokes.
The Impressionist painting depicts a horse racing at Longchamp and is currently conserved at the Art Institute of Chicago.
It is located at the south entrance of the National Museum of American History, at Madison Drive and 12th Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C.
At the beginning of Dalí's career, his primary influence was from the Impressionist movement.
The watermill is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael.
In 1986, it was transferred again to the Musée d'Orsay in Paris, where it is currently displayed.
The image eventually led to spin-offs of varying merchandise, novels, statues, and a comic book, published by Image Comics.
It was written by The Veronicas' twin sisters, Jessica Origliasso and Lisa Origliasso, together with Shelly Peiken and Wells.
Houses at l'Estaque is a 1908 oil painting by Georges Braque.
Woman with a Hat is a painting by Henri Matisse.
The bridge, which displays images of the "changing sky discovered in nature and art", was approved in 2004 and completed in 2006.
Brown's own wife was pregnant whilst he was painting this picture and she gave birth to a son which they named Arthur.
Study after Velázquez's Portrait of Pope Innocent X is a 1953 painting by the artist Francis Bacon.
The Love Potion pushed the boundaries of society's expectations of women by “exploring the nature of female authority through the practice of sorcery."
O Pobre Rabequista is an oil painting, 1855, by José Rodrigues.
St. Jerome translated the Book of Tobit into Latin, which explains his presence on the right of Mary.
It is an edition of ten; number three is at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.
This painting should not be confused with the Colonna Altarpiece by the same artist which is at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NYC.
He was contracted in 1962 for the amount of $105,000 with a deadline for completion of under six months.
The bronze abstract has textured surfaces and several round openings with patina; it is installed on the lawn.
It received attention for its provocative depiction of women being sold and its attention to historical detail.
It was designated by the South Korean government as the 216th National Treasure of Korea on August 6, 1984.
Probably an evening effect, but very much darkened by time.
It is unlined, and was never varnished or waxed.
This painting by Hooch was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1908, who wrote; "80.
Apocalyptic Rider is a painting created by Nabil Kanso in 1980.
It is located outside of the Adams Public Library in Decatur, Indiana, in the United States.
Other than Jesus, the most prominent figure is Judas.
The relief was commissioned by George Howard, 9th Earl of Carlisle as part of a monument to his parents for Lanercost Priory, Cumbria.
Influenced by the Sibyls of the Sistine Chapel ceiling, it symbolises the spirit Watts saw as governing "the immeasurable expanse".
Another version from 1851 measuring 24.7 by 33.2 centimetres hangs at the Cleveland Museum of Art, Ohio.
Even if it is not, Goya was always attracted to representing madness, deformity or perversion.
Somewhat incongruously, water spouts from the centre of the barrel, creating a fountain.
There is an imprint of the artist's thumbprint in the clay.
The painting is now in the Frick Collection and it is considered as one of its finest assets.
The painting is now part of the collection and is on display at the Scottish National Gallery in Room 12.
Having deliberately avoided it for years, he only saw it in person much later in his life.
In a note on one sketch he described the garden as "the place where the dead end up before going to Heaven".
The courtyard is paved partly with yellow bricks, partly with grey stone.
Its a mosaic of opus tessellatum decorated with tesselles of marble of 6 millimeters.
Resisting any interpretation or meaning behind the bald man's presence, Smart insisted that he was there to provide a sense of scale.
It illustrates Ferdinand's lines "Where should this music be?
On Jesus' left kneels Mary Magdalene, with John the Evangelist standing behind her.
He had worked on the sculpture all day, just six days before his death.
It was dedicated on June 2, 1969.
Double Up is a public art work by Australian-American artist Clement Meadmore located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
However, it was carefully preserved through the centuries as an art object.
The statue of Edward VII was eventually moved to Highgate Park when Victoria Square was remodelled in 1951.
Aurora is a public artwork by American artist Mark di Suvero.
The work has been interpreted as both a celebration and a satirical mocking of librarians and scholarship.
Charles Baudelaire described the model as having a "deep voluptuousness", yet in many ways she is presented as essentially chaste.
Nightmare of 1934 was the name of a mural painting by mystery artist Jere Miah II that was destroyed by John Smiukse on August 31, 1934.
Bathers at Asnières is an oil-on-canvas painting by the French artist Georges Pierre Seurat, the first of his two masterpieces on the monumental scale.
In 2002, the painting was acquired by the National Gallery of Victoria, and has become one of the gallery's most popular works.
As in several paintings from this period of Caravaggio's career, the scene is set against blank walls that overwhelm the frieze of human actors.
In a curious footnote to this story, it has recently been pointed out that there is in fact no Alisma Plantago in the picture.
The scene is a faithful rendering of John's Book of Revelation.
The Telescope is a 1963 oil on canvas painting by René Magritte.
The influence of the works of Leonardo, which Raphael studied astutely during this period of his career, is strikingly evident in this particular piece.
It is now on show in the Alte Pinakothek in Munich.
Women in the Garden is an oil painting begun in 1866 by French artist Claude Monet when he was 26.
It is housed in the Museo del Prado of Madrid, Spain.
In a vestibule decorated after the pseudo-antique style of the late Renaissance a couple are walking to the right.
The Wheat Sifters is an 1854 painting by Gustave Courbet.
Massa is a 1626 painting by Frans Hals that is in the collection of the Art Gallery of Ontario.
It is in the permanent collection of the Musée d'Orsay in Paris.
The group of sculptures was commissioned by the Milwaukee County Percent for Art Program.
The painting inspired a poem of the same title by Ruth Moon Kempher.
In this painting Munch shows the view from the hotel window, where he fell in love for the first time.
It is located at 32nd Street and Market Street, Philadelphia.
The series, created in 1954-1955, was inspired by Eugène Delacroix's 1834 painting The Women of Algiers in their Apartment.
It shows French Emperor Napoleon I in uniform in his study at the Tuileries Palace.
Parrish referred to Daybreak as his "great painting", the epitome of his work.
It was part of the Darebin City Council's Public Art Program, and is located beside the Fairfield railway station.
The Burning Giraffe is a painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí.
Proportions among the soldiers appear confused, with some dwarfed by more distant figures.
Subsequently, the painting was bought by the Parisian dealer Paul Durand-Ruel, then became the property of the Museum of Fine Arts in Lyon in 1902.
Pilate, in keeping with tradition, is shown as a rather neutral and perhaps almost sympathetic figure.
The original idea had been to erect the statue as a memorial to the Great Exhibition.
The San Zaccaria Altarpiece is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Giovanni Bellini, executed in 1505 and located in the church of San Zaccaria, Venice.
The Exhibition took place in Nikolai Nekrasov Memorial Museum, located in the historical apartment on Liteyny Prospekt, 36.
According to Miró, the ladder is a symbol of flight, evasion, and elevation.
Gleizes began work on his portrait in 1910.
The print is part of the permanent collection of the Prince Takamado Gallery of Japan at the Royal Ontario Museum, Canada.
Picasso completed a maquette of the sculpture in 1965, and approved a final model of the sculpture in 1966.
The regiment held off attacks from French cavalry at Quatre Bras.
Faust, an alumnus of Herron, created the 20-foot-tall, vividly colored aluminum sculpture for Herron's eighteen-month-long Public Sculpture Invitational.
The Babylonian Marriage Market is an 1875 painting by the British painter Edwin Long of young women being auctioned into marriage.
The iconography corresponds to the common since 10th-century Byzantium depiction of Saint George not as a warrior, but as a young martyr.
David Garrick as Richard III is a painting dating from 1745 by the English artist William Hogarth.
She is a part of her surroundings and the viewer is privy to behold upon the scene.
Known by the artist as repetitions, they were executed to fulfill commissions from dealers and collectors.
It is a bronze bust of former Indiana governor Henry F. Schricker.
Lodgepole is a public art work by artist Lyman Kipp located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
There is some evidence that the portrait may have taken a number of years to complete, accounting for the uncertainty.
A photograph of Le Fumeur was published in Le Petit Comtois, 13 March 1914, for the occasion of the exhibition.
As she is uninvited, she risks death, but does so to inform him of a plot against the Jews.
In the foreground is a glowing tree held in the man's dark hand.
The white marble figurative sculpture depicts a fallen soldier.
The painting was exhibited in the Macquarie Galleries in December 1947.
The sculpture is in the form of horse; it is installed on the lawn.
The eagle is currently owned by and displayed at the Mariners' Museum in Newport News, Virginia.
Le pigeon aux petit pois is a 1911 painting by Pablo Picasso.
Millais sought to create the correct effects of light and smoke by using a sheet of coloured glass and by burning planks of wood.
The Barcelona Series is a series of fifty black and white lithographs made by Joan Miró and published in 1944.
This painting has been held in particularly high regard by critics.
In 2006 it was finally restored to the Goudstikker heirs and since 2007 it has been part of the collection of the National Gallery of Art.
The ass or donkey is a frequent symbol of the Messiah in Christian iconography.
The Four Continents, also known as The Four Rivers of Paradise, is a painting by Flemish artist Peter Paul Rubens, made in the 1610s.
It is located at Franklin Square, 14th Street and K Street N.W.
The Spirit of Haida Gwaii is a sculpture by British Columbia Haida artist Bill Reid.
His drawings are characteristically black-and-white line-drawings, often with humorous, anthropomorphic motifs.
The Human Condition generally refers to two similar oil on canvas paintings by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte.
The painting depicts the seven corporal works of mercy in traditional Catholic belief, which are a set of compassionate acts concerning the material needs of others.
The fountain is situated beside the Chiesa di S. Atanasio dei Greci, in via del Babuino.
This acrylic on canvas was painted between 15 and 16 January 2010, the same week the 2010 earthquake hit Port-au-Prince, Haiti's capital city.
The Joe Paterno statue is a bronze sculpture of Joe Paterno, former head coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions football team.
It was a scene long to be remembered.
Gross's right shoulder is the clinic clerk, Dr. Franklin West, taking notes on the operation.
It was painted in the early 16th century, presumably between 1500 and 1535.
Mr. Bellamy is a 1961 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein in his comic book style of using Ben-Day dots and a text balloon.
Using Audrey Munson as a model, French designed the statue in 1901 and installed it in September, 1903.
The magazine L'Illustration printed a copy of the work in its edition of 4 November 1905, with works by Matisse, Derain, Cézanne and Vuillard.
Melancholy is a painting by the Norwegian artist, Edvard Munch.
Don Diego de Acedo is pictured looking at the observer.
Saint Joseph, on the left, is holding Jesus.
She was treacherously advised by the goddess Juno, Jupiter’s wife, to ask him to appear to her in all his divine splendor.
There were exhibited 83 art works from private collections of 43 importrant masters of the Leningrad School of Painting.
The Holy Allegory is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Giovanni Bellini, dating from c. 1490 to 1500.
The painting was sold by Gerlinda Kisters, who had inherited it from her husband, Heinz Kisters, who died in 1977.
Jacob Blessing the Sons of Joseph is a 1656 oil painting by Dutch artist Rembrandt van Rijn.
It is part of the treasures of the Hildesheim Cathedral in Hildesheim, Germany, which has been a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage site since 1985.
The seed of your head has just fallen into the water.
Cleopas wears the scallop shell of a pilgrim.
According to Bernini's biographer, Filippo Baldinucci, the sculpture was completed when Bernini was 15 years old, implying it was finished in the year 1614.
The prominence in his paintings of these collarless free range dogs has been the subject of much speculation as to their symbolic or metaphorical meaning.
The picture is strongly influenced by Rembrandt's landscapes, especially in composition.
This painting, much more than just a portrait, shows the subject at a key time in history, and also in theatrical pose.
However, the money was not paid, and Cahill lacked contacts or knowledge to otherwise pass it on to international art thieves.
Since the sale of 1808 the picture has passed under the name of " The Burgomaster of Delft and his Daughter."
A Wind-Beaten Tree is an oil painting created in 1883 by Vincent van Gogh.
The work was created during the period from 1526 when Holbein lived in London.
The one closest to the station is inscribed with extracts from Henrik Norbrandt's poem Junker Kristoffer, a local hero buried in Roskilde Cathedral in 1363.
El Jaleo is a large painting by John Singer Sargent, depicting a Spanish Gypsy dancer performing to the accompaniment of musicians.
The same theme is taken up again in two later 1883 studies of a seated woman.
Smith and Tower Automotive that is now under redevelopment.
The The Virgin and Child with Two Angels is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Andrea del Verrocchio, dating from circa 1467–1469.
Fjelde's Hiawatha and Minnehaha sculpture soon became a visitor attraction in the park, and postcards depicting it were widely available.
The Altar frontal from La Seu d'Urgell or of The Apostles is a Romanesque altar frontal currently exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia.
The maid's gaze towards the half-visible window indicates an inner restlessness and boredom, as she waits impatiently for the messenger to carry her lady's letter away.
It is currently located at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
Mermaid is a 1979 outdoor sculpture by Roy Lichtenstein, composed of concrete, steel, polyurethane, enamel, palm tree, and water.
The fire brigade had only recently been transformed from private businesses dedicated to the protection of property to a public institution charged to protect life first.
Wright described his impression of Vesuvius as, "the most wonderful sight in nature."
The painting was bought by art collector Christian Tetzen-Lund in 1913.
In 2012 The Baltimore and Urbino panels were shown at a joint exhibition, with the Berlin painting being presented in a copy as the
Washington, D.C.; St Stephen's Green, Dublin; Golden Gate Park, San Francisco; Emmetsburg, Iowa.
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in the collection of the Hermitage Museum.
Host Analog is an outdoor 1991 sculpture by Buster Simpson located outside the Oregon Convention Center in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Its artist, and who was depicted, had been forgotten, leading to many decades of debate.
Justin K. Thannhauser, 1935–1936; he sold it through Siegfried Rosengart.
Ma Jolie is an oil painting by Spanish artist Pablo Picasso, located in the Indianapolis Museum of Art, in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA.
Lamentation is an oil-on-panel painting of the common subject of the Lamentation of Christ by the Early Netherlandish painter Petrus Christus, painted in c. 1444.
Gustav Vasas intåg i Stockholm 1523 is a painting painted for the Nationalmuseum in Stockholm by the Swedish painter Carl Larsson.
Hughes had finished an earlier painting, April Love, of a similar theme.
In the O'Niel collection in 1832, and in the Van der Hoop collection, Amsterdam, in 1842.
They are in an outdoor setting at twilight.
Following the dedication of this work of art, Momen donated the sculpture to the State of Utah and returned to Sweden.
A pink-bellied snake slithers through the undergrowth, its sinuous form reflecting the curves of the woman's hips and leg.
Jacques Marquette is a public art work by artist Ronald Knepper.
Lincoln was traveling to Washington D.C. for his inauguration and first term as president of the United States.
The statuette is otherwise known as the Affe, einen Schädel betrachtend.
He gave them poetic titles like Moonlight or Inner Look.
It is currently kept in the Musée d'Orsay, Paris.
The painting has Alexander Roslin's signature in French: Roslin à Paris 1771.
The painting measures 92 x 73 centimetres and is in the Musée d’Orsay.
The work was cast during 1960–1965 and gifted to the museum by Isaac Arnold, Jr. in honor of his wife, Antonette Tilly Arnold.
Additional details include the Trojan Horse, a scene from Virgil's Aeneid, on one of the flags and the horses of Apollo rising above the horizon.
Aristotle, world-weary, looks at the bust of blind, humble Homer, on which he rests one of his hands.
It is now in the collection of The Hermitage, St. Petersburg, Russia.
A copy of the painting is now in the chapel, and the original is in the Vatican Pinacoteca.
Today it stands as part of a three-part sculptural group including the James A. Garfield Monument and the Ulysses S. Grant Memorial.
The painting was acquired by the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City for $1 million in 1980, to celebrate its 50th anniversary.
Arearea is a 1892 work by French painter Paul Gauguin.
It is the most recent statue in the park, and the first to depict a Mexican.
It was first revealed to the general public at the Salon de la Section d'Or, Galerie La Boétie in Paris, October 1912.
There were exhibited 143 art works from private collections of 61 importrant masters of the Leningrad School of Painting.
This was one of the earliest of many lamplight or candlelight paintings and portraits for which Wright is famed.
Matejko depicted over thirty important figures of the Polish Renaissance period, taking the liberty of including several who were not actually present at the event.
The mosaic is located between the cafeteria's entrance and an automated teller machine.
Leaning against the right leg of the easel is Hogarth's The Analysis of Beauty, a text which was written to complement this particular piece.
A long series of prominent collectors have owned this painting.
It is apparent from the subject's face that she is aroused by the golden stream.
This sculpture is the final resting place of members of the Heurich family.
The standard-bearer holds an aquila standard, where the eagle grasps a thunderbolt in its talons.
In 1594 all six panels were given by the city of Antwerp to Archduke Ernst, Governor of the Netherlands.
Two versions and that other on loan from Madrid are titled Purification of the Temple.
It is held by the Imperial War Museum in London, which describes it as "one of Nevinson's most famous paintings".
In the darkened foreground are a hacked trunk and the upright stump of another oak.
I had no intention to do this picture; I never thought of it in that way.
It is part of the Brushstrokes series of artworks that includes several paintings and sculptures whose subject is the actions made with a house-painter's brush.
It is in the permanent collection of the Worcester Art Museum, Worcester, Massachusetts, U.S.
The works were carried out by the ceramicist Josep Llorens Artigas in 1955.
The picture depicts the farmland and cattle of Pennsylvanian James Cornell.
The landscape in the background may have not been painted by Hals, perhaps being the work of noted landscape artist Pieter de Molijn.
The work was later reproduced as an engraving under the direction of Dijon painter and etcher Alphonse Legros who collaborated in the work.
The painting was commissioned by the War Artists' Advisory Committee, and is now part of the Imperial War Museum's art collection.
It is now in the Royal Collection of Paintings and Sculpture at the museum.
The painting was privately held until the Musée d'Orsay acquired it in 1984; it is considered one of the most popular paintings in their permanent collection.
The painting depicts two nude men wrestling.
It was considered a work by Frans Hals until 1903, when it was noticed that it is signed 'JL*' on the tankard.
A five-month-long relationship between the artists ended in early December, 1978 after she miscarried their child at eleven weeks.
In 2011, a print was auctioned for $4.3 million, making it the most expensive photograph ever sold.
It portrays Maria Maddalena Baroncelli, about whom very little is known.
He has left us work that expresses our national life – the forces of the great natural surroundings of this young land."
The painting is in the collection of the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
No one else has been able to paint these two very opposing things.”
Landscape with Cornfields, and Sheep and Figures.
The statue was installed on June 21, 2000.
The Martyrdom of Saint Sebastian is a work by Piero del Pollaiuolo, commissioned by the Florentine Pucci family and now in the National Gallery, London.
Returning to London, Longstaff was reported to have painted the work in a single session, while "still under psychic influence".
Triptych, 1976 is a large triptych painted by the British artist Francis Bacon in 1976.
Epicenter is a public art work by artist Ernest Carl Shaw located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The Last Judgment is a fresco by the Italian Renaissance painter Michelangelo covering the whole altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Vatican City.
The sculpture was commissioned by the architects of the Richard J. Daley Center in 1963.
It was produced around 1504 and is now in the Uffizi gallery, Florence.
This was among several works acquired directly from Matisse in Paris by the Russian collector Ivan Morozov.
504, 606 ; by Dutuit, p. 40 ; by Michel, pp.
In the background are seen some gables and the tower of the Nieuwe Kerk in Delft.
It's one of only two Raphael's paintings on canvas.
Bijin-ga is a generic term for pictures of beautiful women in Japanese art, especially in woodblock printing of the ukiyo-e genre, which predate photography.
The bell is listed as a state veterans memorial by the Oregon Department of Veterans' Affairs.
The statue was reconstructed and raised again in 1980 under the direction of the then president Ranasinghe Premadasa.
It so impressed Philip II of Spain that he commissioned a second version in 1567 for the basilica at El Escorial.
It is instructive to compare the two versions of the latter painting to see how provocative and controversial Caravaggio was in his time.
It is housed in the Uffizi Gallery of Florence, Italy.
American banker Chester Dale acquired the painting in 1928, gifting it upon his death in 1962 to the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
It is a classic example of an ambitious work of the Haarlem Mannerists.
It is a fine and early work, dating from about 1660-65.
Now in the Rijksmuseum at Amsterdam, No.
As such they must breathe air regularly, though they can remain submerged for long periods.
Their married status is conveyed by their rings, and the proximity of their hands is the nearest hint of intimacy.
It was acquired by the National Gallery of Art in 1964.
Over My Dead Body, 1893, is a painting by Ramon Casas, in the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
In June 2015 it was on loan to Tate Britain.
The precious golden belt, decorated with jewels and beads with a tassel, may have been made by the goldsmith Benvenuto Cellini.
It was subsequently exhibited at the 1913 Erster Deutscher Herbstsalon in Berlin.
It is housed at the Gallerie dell'Accademia, Venice.
The Young Bull or The Bull is an oil painting of a bull by Paulus Potter.
the river shallows from the porch of their beloved Mount Vernon on summer evenings.
The title is written on the unfinished dress, underneath the child at the right.
Behind the workers are two wealthy figures on horseback, whose progress along the road has been halted by the excavations.
This Magbo helmet mask for an Oro society member was created by Yoruba artist Onabanjo of Itu Meko.
The Musicians or Concert of Youths is a painting by the Italian Baroque master Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio.
The work is one of two by Eckland on the campus; New Horizons is also installed in the Education Courtyard.
According to the Galleria dell'Accademia, the sculpture's "attribution to the master is still somehow controversial".
He wrote a detailed catalogue explaining the significance of the picture.
The Chess Players is an outdoor 1983 sculpture by Lloyd Lillie, installed in John Marshall Park in Washington, D.C., United States.
It is on display at the Städel Museum in Frankfurt, Germany.
Giacometti made six casts of the work plus one artist's proof.
The statue depicts Kukučín seated with his legs crossed, wearing a suit and boots.
The work has been described as "among the best known and most popularly admired of Australian paintings".
The Son of a Migrant from Syria is a 2015 mural by graffiti artist Banksy.
Designed by Tullio of Antonio Lombardo, it was completed in 1519 and frescoed by Il Pordenone until 1520.
The painting has created an image of Stańczyk that has become iconic, and widely recognized in Poland.
For some time it was regarded as a fake, but is now accepted as authentic.
São Francisco is a painting by Portuguese Renaissance artist Nuno Gonçalves.
It is located at the intersection of West Lisbon Avenue, Lloyd Street, and North Sherman Boulevard.
The record was surpassed the following year when Woman with Flowered Hat sold for $56.1 million, including fees, on May 15, 2013.
It consists of a brass bar over a series of five steel boxes in Judd's signature cadmium red.
It is in the permanent collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
This is one of the finest of the master's works. "
Calves are typically born in the spring and summer months and females bear all the responsibility for raising them.
The painting is Rembrandt's attempt to establish himself as a painter of large, baroque history paintings.
The Cloak of Conscience is a sculpture by Anna Chromý carved from a single block of white marble excavated from the Michelangelo Quarry in Carrara, Italy.
On either side of the gnomon is a quadrant of a circle, parallel to the plane of the equator.
This hypothesis has been contested by Elsheimer scholar Keith Andrews.
The sitter is identified as Rembrandt's brother Adriaen.
It is on Wisconsin Avenue, between N. 8th and N. 11th Streets.
Bache died in Newport, Rhode Island in 1867 and was transported to Washington, DC's Congressional Cemetery for burial.
This painting is of Mademoiselle Leclere in her blue dress holding a watering can.
The Millennium Dial Armillary is one of six pieces of public art located in the town centre of Sutton in Greater London, England.
During his stay at Saint-Paul asylum, Van Gogh experienced periods of illness when he could not paint.
Play is an abstract sculpture by Lars Jonker.
The Swing is an oil on canvas painting by the French artist Pierre-Auguste Renoir who was a leading exponent of the Impressionist style.
Joseph drills a piece of wood with an auger.
The painting is a triptych; the three panels tell a story of a free selector and his family making a life in the Australian bush.
Art historians consider The Wounded Montenegrin one of Jovanović's best Orientalist works.
It is housed in the Galleria degli Uffizi of Florence.
It was completed for the opening of the Salon of 1822 and currently hangs in the Musée du Louvre, Paris.
This memorial serves as the burial site of Thomas Trueman Goff.
This is owed to a technique called grattage.
One of these cloaks was included in a painting of Cook's death by Johann Zoffany.
Constructed in 1974 of painted sheet steel, it is at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.
He designed what he called Gastrotypographicalassemblage for the building's cafeteria, using varied typefaces to list all of the foods offered to patrons in hand-milled wood type.
Happy Tears is a 1964 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein.
It is one of three surviving panel paintings attributed to the artist and is dated to his first period in Rome.
The subject balances a large basket on her head, bearing shrimps and mussels, together with a half-pint pewter pot as a measure.
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in the collection of the Rijksmuseum.
I’m here and I’m in charge it says.
The sculpture, which depicts a spider, is among the world's largest, measuring over 30 ft high and over 33 ft wide.
The dimensions of the painting is 178.4 by 245.7 centimeters and is housed at Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York City.
Etched by L. Lowenstam and R. Norstedt.
Edmund Burke is a bronze full length statue of Irish statesman, author, orator, political theorist and philosopher Edmund Burke by British artist James Havard Thomas.
The canvas is one of the last works executed by Lotto in Venice, before moving to the Marche.
To represent a man he truly admired was important to him.
This scene is set in the depths of winter during December/January.
It forms part of the series of "unfinished" Prigioni intended for the Tomb of Pope Julius II.
It is currently in the permanent collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
The Gospel of John tells how he fell sick, died, was buried and then miraculously raised from the dead by Christ.
Dantsig was inspired by the salvage of the Sistine Madonna from the bombing of Dresden during World War II.
The altarpiece was commissioned by the guild of tanners to be placed on the altar of the Augustinian friary of Sant Agustí Vell in Barcelona, Spain.
The painting was located in the funerary chapel of marquis Ludovico III Gonzaga, dedicated to St. Bernardino and situated in church of San Francesco in Mantua.
The observation of nature in his travels allowed Friedrich to compose a universal, idyllic landscape that is visionary rather than literal.
The painting was met with praise from art critics for its technique and distinguishing quality.
At the 2009 Venice Biennale, sculptor Rachel Harrison recreated Table with Pink Tablecloth in tribute.
The Cristo yacente of El Pardo is the most famous of the fourteen "Cristos" produced by Fernández and his workshop.
Neptune and Triton is an early sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
It depicts a head-on representation of an angry dog growling with the onomatopoeic expression "Grrrrrrrrrrr!!".
Cathedra is Latin for "chair" or "throne", and denominates the chair or seat of a bishop, hence "cathedral" denominates the Bishop's church in an episcopal see.
The panel is in the collection of Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen in Rotterdam, Netherlands.
According to tradition, the saint was killed on the orders of the king of Ethiopia while celebrating Mass at the altar.
It describes a Roman rite of worship conducted in honour of the goddess Venus each 1 April.
I was rather fascinated with the town itself.
It is located at Connecticut Avenue and N Street, N.W.
The mural occupies the east wall of a five-story commercial building.
Note that the green-faced man wears a necklace with St. Andrew's cross, indicating that the man is a Christian.
One day Adonis hunts alone, and is gored by a wounded wild boar.
The painting was first exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1850.
Each sign has a distinctive shape and word cut out in a unique typeface intended to reflect the history and character of the neighborhood.
It has become well known, as its likeness is used on a popular Hallmark Christmas card.
Singing was often utilized in Greek tragedies, which is how the transition from Melpoméne's identification with song shifted to tragedy.
An engraving from the painting was published in The Graphic, 1894.
Of the painting, Courbet stated that The Painter's Studio "represents society at its best, its worst, and its average."
However, according to Boris Rankov, "the Attic-style helmets are almost certainly an artistic convention".
They sway with the rolling boat, and relax or grow rigid as the light keel rises or sinks upon the waves.
The video shows Sulkowicz having sex with an anonymous actor in a dorm room at Columbia University in New York City.
Aurora's frontal, open pose reverses the anonymity of Night, who is turned away from the viewer.
Through the Pharaoh's daughter, the child was adopted as a foundling from the Nile river and grew up with the Egyptian royal family.
A vine-tendril creeps in at the window.
His widow described Arthur as a "task of love to which [the artist] put no limit of time or labor."
Jacqueline Kennedy was a fashion icon, and this outfit is arguably the most referenced and revisited of all of her items of clothing and her trademark.
It is therefore thought that his treatment of themes such as the Denial derived substantially from prints based on foreign works.
Stewart, an Indianapolis high school student, submitted the winning entry in a citywide design contest to commemorate Lincoln's visit to Indianapolis on 11 February 1861.
The Cardsharps is a painting by the Italian Baroque artist Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio.
The Eastman Monument is a public artwork by an unknown artist, located at Crown Hill National Cemetery, which is in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States of America.
Together the paintings were sold for 160 million Euro.
After 40 years of wandering in the desert, Moses died within sight of the Promised Land on Mount Nebo.
The same analysis also states that the dove represents Ernst himself.
Geffroy noted that Cézanne painted the entire canvas at once, leaving the face and hands for last; they were ultimately unfinished.
The painting was one of many art pieces stolen by the Nazis in France and Belgium between 1940 and 1944.
The Christ Child, with the cruciform nimbus, is looking towards the observer and raising his hand in blessing.
The artwork is in the collection of Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya, in Barcelona.
Arcimboldo was employed as court painter to Maximilian II and was already well established as an artist by the time he created The Jurist.
Tête is a limestone sculpture by Amedeo Modigliani and is amongst the most expensive works of art ever sold.
Schongauer's late-Gothic style is also in strong contrast with the rest of Michelangelo's oeuvre, even in his youth.
The canvas was one of the last Madonnas painted by the artist.
The Crucifixion of St. Peter is a fresco painting by the Italian Renaissance master Michelangelo Buonarroti.
It was destroyed in 2005 due to weathering but was however re-designed in 2014 by an unsigned artist.
The picture is dark in tone, but still very good.
The Elder Sister is a painting by nineteenth century French artist William-Adolphe Bouguereau in 1869.
Bacchante was exhibited in Paris during the spring of 1907 at the Salon des Indépendants, along with Coucher de soleil and four other works by Metzinger.
In that picture, in place of the flowers in The Palace of Memories floats a solitary leaf.
Long ascribed in error to J. Vermeer by Erasm.
This adds drama to the serene exit of Peter at the right.
The Exhibition took place in the Manezh Central Exhibition Hall, which was handed over to Leningrad artists three years before.
The painting was acquired by the National Gallery of Australia in 1971.
The monument is surmounted by Alfred Gilbert's winged nude statue generally, though mistakenly, known as Eros.
Holon, also known as Hōlon, is an outdoor stone sculpture by Donald Wilson, located in the South Park Blocks in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Kennington completed the painting having been invalided out of the British Army due to wounds suffered on the Western Front in early 1915.
The underdrawings of both paintings show similar experimental changes made to the composition, suggesting that both evolved concurrently in Leonardo’s workshop.
The prints were first published in serialized form by Koshimuraya Heisuke in 1853–56.
The title quotes from a line from Thomas Gray's poem Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard: "The paths of glory lead but to the grave".
The work was once associated to a single predella panel portraying the Last Supper, now at the Gemäldegalerie of Berlin.
The picture is composed from pieces of paper cut out of sheets painted with gouache, and was created during the last years of Matisse's life.
It was commissioned by Giovanni II Bentivoglio, lord of Bologna, as a thanksgiving for the family’s escape from an attempted massacre by the Malvezzi family [1].
It was the first work of pop art to achieve iconic status.
and that "the painting transcends literal description of a particular place to become an expression of the quintessential qualities of an inland Australian country town".
It was first published in 1850 in the Pre-Raphaelite journal The Germ.
The cast of this sculpture was ordered by municipalities of Turek and it is located in the city since 1990.
Full of small details of everyday life, this landscape contributes to the intimate and familiar tone of the two figures.
As in some other cases, Perugino reused the details of the delicate figures here in other works, drawing later complaints from Giorgio Vasari.
Race Riot is an acrylic and silkscreen painting by the American artist Andy Warhol that he executed in 1964.
The panel was moved to England by William Young Ottley in 1800.
He is also considered one of the best European crucified in terms of artistic quality.
It was produced between 1802 and 1806 and stands 3.45 metres to the raised left hand.
There are many characteristics that create a somber tone within this painting.
The bronze bust is located on the second floor of the Indiana Statehouse  in a waist-high limestone niche, and faces West towards North Senate Avenue.
Degas finally sold the painting in 1878 to the newly founded Musee des Beaux-Arts in Pau, France.
The memorial, which features King and Kennedy reaching out to each other, was designed and executed by Indiana artist Greg Perry.
It is signed IOANNES BELLINVS on a small, creased tag visible in the lower left corner.
It is an icon of the post-World War I movement, Neue Sachlichkeit, or New Objectivity.
Beyond the sluice on the right bank is another house.
The Monument was destroyed by the Croatian Army in February 1992, after five days of dynamite mining attempts.
Around the saint are persons showing varied emotions, as required by Contarelli: terror, awe, and consternation, while an angel holds out the palm of martyrdom.
The artist portrayed St. Peter in the moment in which he was raised by the Roman soldiers to the cross.
The Maiwand Lion features on the front page of one of the local newspapers, the Reading Post, and also on the Reading Football Club crest.
Engraved by J. Suyderhoef as "Monsieur Peeckelhaering."
The piece is composed of three separate netted structures, each connected to a skylight, hanging from the ceiling of the terminal.
They both have undefined phallic shapes protruding from their backs which are supported by crutch-like objects.
This was not an accurate representation of the event, but rather an idealisation, and it included people who were not present at the event.
The statue of Queen Victoria by Joseph Edgar Boehm stands on College Green, Bristol, England.
Produced in Paris in 1881, the painting depicts the sisters Alice and Elisabeth, daughters of the Jewish banker Louis Raphaël Cahen d'Anvers.
Since 1988 it has been displayed in the National Gallery, London, on long-term loan from the Royal Collection.
Painted in 1882, it currently hangs in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston.
The ship is probably a collier brig, as this serene scene had commercial purpose.
Near the centre is a castle on a rocky hill.
TRAVERSE LES MERS POUR AIDER LA FRANCE
In Three Girls, the girls' surrounding is not shown.
The painting portrays a repentant Mary Magdalene, bowed over in penitent sorrow as she leaves behind her dissolute life, its trappings abandoned beside her.
Convent Thoughts is a painting by the Pre-Raphaelite painter Charles Allston Collins which was created between 1850 and 1851.
Upon Wood's death in 1955 his collection was given to the Art Gallery of Ontario, which is where the portrait still resides.
It is located downtown in the Civic Space Park across from the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism at Arizona State University.
The painting is now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.
Combining architecture and sculpture, it examines the tension between chaos and order in nature.
The Family is a public art work by artist Joseph Puccetti that depicts an abstract man, woman and child encircled by a ring.
It is a good work of the first period.
The painting is based on the story of Susanna, found in a deuterocanonical chapter of the biblical Book of Daniel.
In 1983, it was relocated from the west front fountain plaza, to a corner location.
The work was fabricated in mild steel, painted an orange-red matte finish, and measured 36-inch tall by 8-foot long by 24-inch wide.
The City of Turku commissioned Aaltonen to make the sculpture for Göteborg as a thank you for aiding Turku during wartime.
The woman wears a red skirt, the girl a yellow skirt.
The lights inside it are connected in such a way that if one circuit fails, another one would take over.
his hand and looks up with a smile at the woman.
The focal point of the painting is the youngest daughter of the family, a golden-child, painted, in fact, in a golden smock and showing golden locks.
Luna was charged with murder but was acquitted shortly thereafter, his deed judged as a crime of passion.
Map is a 1961 oil-on-canvas painting by Jasper Johns.
The painting was first owned by Ambroise Vollard.
This work was produced in the context of the defeat of the French Republic to the German Empire after the Franco-Prussian War.
Madonna of the Harpies is an altarpiece in oils by Andrea del Sarto, a major painter of the High Renaissance.
It was one of three paintings commissioned from Orpen to commemorate the Peace Conference at Versailles in 1919.
It was dedicated on March 15, 1991.
Generally dated to 1605-1606, the painting is located in the Galleria Borghese in Rome.
Possibly the doorway on the right is meant to be the registry office itself.
In the background one of his companions walks towards a native woman's tipi.
This phenomenon can be traced back to Sigmund Freud's psychoanalytical method, much admired by Dalí.
The Orphan Girl at the cemetery is a painting by the French artist Eugène Delacroix.
Measuring 6 ft×8.5 ft, the canvas weighs 227 pounds.
The edges were secured using a gummed tape that left a white margin of bare paper at the edge when it was removed.
It is currently part of the permanent collection at the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
May is coolly scrutinizing the viewer, her other hand on her hip, with her trousers unbuttoned such that her pubic hair is visible.
The Last Sleep of Arthur in Avalon is a painting by Edward Burne-Jones, started in 1881.
It hangs in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum of Boston, Massachusetts.
It was commissioned by the Sienese patrician Fabrizio Sergardi and shows Mary, Christ and the young John the Baptist.
Both humanures that double as a chest of drawers as well as the crutch like shapes are common archetypes in Dalí’s work.
"The Kingfisher" shows a River Kingfisher in a marsh.
Jules-Antoine Castagnary wrote, with tongue in cheek, "But what is this?
It is among the earliest of over 40 self-portraits by Rembrandt, which he produced over the course of four decades.
In the collection of Gustavus III., King of Sweden.
Exhibition took place in Manezh Exhibition Hall from November 5, 1957 to May, 1958.
Around the time of the group’s formation Miró started to paint in the surrealist style.
It has sometimes been claimed that the artist produced Modern Head as an edition of four sculptures; however, this is incorrect.
Ex Stasis is a public art work created by American artist Richard Lippold and located on the campus of Marquette University in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Guardianship is an outdoor 1935 sculpture by American artist James Earle Fraser, installed in front of the National Archives Building in Washington, D.C., United States.
In 1887–88,van Gogh painted two more paintings with skulls, the only other works of his to use skulls as a motif.
Appeal to the Great Spirit is a 1909 equestrian statue by Cyrus Dallin, at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
Federico Zuccari, one of the most eminent painters in Rome and a champion of Mannerism, came to see, and sniffed that it was nothing.
It has two figures effectively in the round, linked to a background relief behind them.
It was executed in 1616 and 1617, when Gian Lorenzo was not yet twenty years old.
Its brilliant colours may have been influenced by atmospheric ash from the eruption of Mount Tambora in Indonesia.
In The Palace of Memories, the fact that the curtain implies some infinite theatre hints at a new way of looking at life itself.
An early work influenced by Perugino, it was originally an altarpiece in the church of San Domenico, Città di Castello, near Raphael's hometown of Urbino.
The silvery steel "spring" part the two textured work resembles the numerals "76", apt for the United States Bicentennial year.
The Denial of Peter is a 1660 painting by Rembrandt, now in the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
The year 1935 was marked by many events that left an imprint on the history of Soviet and Russian Fine Arts.
Engraved in mezzotint by R. Earlom, 1769.
It is currently on display at the Barnes Foundation in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The three figures in a calm green meadow are linked by looks and touching hands.
It is located in the Church of St Helens, Ranworth, Norfolk, UK.
On the right was a quote from Paterno, "They ask me what I'd like written about me when I'm gone.
Guardians of the Gate, which depicts a "nuzzling" male and female with a pup, was created in 1990 and cast in 1991.
It is now in the Museo Nazionale di Capodimonte, in Naples.
The painted area was framed with a band of white just over a centimetre wide.
Shortly before the fatal flight, the tail plane was modified in an attempt to improve control.
In September 2005, the Tate Gallery purchased the painting for more than £2.5 million, equivalent to US$4.4 million.
The Perugia Altarpiece is a painting by the Italian early Renaissance painter Fra Angelico, housed in the Galleria Nazionale dell'Umbria of Perugia, Italy.
In the painting, María Cayetana de Silva, 13th Duchess of Alba is thirty-five years old.
Executed around 1619, it is a pendant piece to the Damned Soul.
It was painted during the time when Joan, Princess of Portugal was regent for her father, Afonso V of Portugal.
The sculpture was dedicated on April 5, 2001.
The piece is said to have been partly inspired by fences demarcating the Continental Divide in Colorado.
Before the completion of Millennium Park in 2004, it was considered the most important installation in the Chicago Park District.
The work was part of cardinal Leopoldo de' Medici's collection, after he had bought it from the Cornaro family.
It is not known when Wright painted the picture, but it was first exhibited in 1769 in London with the Society of Artists.
Clothespin is a weathering steel sculpture, by Claes Oldenburg.
The Foundation of Perth 1829 has become an "enduring and influential image" in the history of Western Australia.
Hogarth produced the painting directly after his return from France, where he had been arrested as a spy while sketching in Calais.
He had strengthened the fortifications of the island, built an aqueduct to guarantee water to the city, and launched several attacks on the Turks.
The Syracuse monument was the last of 13 monuments to Schiller that were erected in US cities.
This work is on loan from the collection of Mr. and Mrs. A Reynolds Morse.
Large Interior Form, 1953–54 is a sculpture by Henry Moore.
Esther is depicted adjusting pearls in her hair, as she prepares to place her crown on her head.
It is currently the second largest public art sculpture in Belfast, after Rise on Broadway Roundabout.
In 2007, the Zoo and Smithsonian exhibits staff began work to restore the dinosaur.
The medium used is tempera paints on canvas and its size is 207 x 148 cm.
The Annunciation is a painting created by Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli.
The 2.03 m by 3.58 m canvas was started in 1880 and finished in 1891.
The Holocaust Memorial was created in 1983.
One possibility is that it was created by Kane's wife, Harriet Clench, herself a skilled painter.
The base of the statue bears this inscription:
Beata Beatrix is an oil on canvas painting by Pre-Raphaelite artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti, completed in 1870.
Once owned by the artist's brother Frédéric, it was given to the Musée du Louvre by Baron Arthur Chassériau and his wife in 1918.
On the park side of the monument is fixed a memorial plaque that was cast in metal salvaged from the ship.
It portrays Christ being baptised by John, his head surmounted by a dove representing the Holy Spirit.
The painting depicts the young, wide-eyed Sir Walter Raleigh and his brother sitting on the beach by the Devonshire coast.
Blue Human Condition, also known as The Orgy Statue, is an outdoor sculpture by Mark Chatterley, located in Adrian, Michigan, in the United States.
Gather Ye Rosebuds While Ye May is an oil painting on canvas created in 1909 by British Pre-Raphaelite artist, John William Waterhouse.
45 in the 1900 catalogue ; see the introduction by Dr. W. Bode, p.
The Woolloomooloo extension of the Cahill Expressway was opened in March 1962, the same year as Smart's painting.
The character at the left of Jesus is a true caricature, perhaps inspired by one of Leonardo da Vinci's drawings seen by Dürer.
These columns were a gift from Constantine who supposedly took them from the ruined Jewish temple.
That same year Cabanel was made a professor of the Ecole des Beaux-Arts.
Rubens painted The Fall of Phaeton in Rome and the painting was probably reworked later around 1606/1608.
Over one thousand objects were displayed there including many that belonged to the philanthropist Joseph Strutt.
Following successful lobbying by the Victorian Society, Birmingham City Council agreed to restore the statue and resite it back in the city centre.
Sulkowicz filed a police complaint in May 2014; the district attorney's office did not pursue criminal charges, citing a lack of reasonable suspicion.
He was known for his ōkubi-e, which focus on the heads.
Many were produced in his early 1960s silkscreen period.
In the National Museum, Stockholm, 1900 catalogue, No.
It was the first of the jungle paintings for which the artist is chiefly known.
The painting is executed in tempera on panel.
King Fahd's Fountain, also known as the Jeddah Fountain, is a fountain in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, the tallest of its type in the world.
It features a bronze statue on a marble pedestal and granite base.
Portrait of Lorenzo Cybo is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance artist Parmigianino.
It was in Richter's private collection for over 15 years before he sold it to the Wako Works of Art gallery in Tokyo in 2010.
The earliest reference to the sculpture is in the private records of Luigi d'Ugolino Martelli, in an inventory of his possessions begun in 1488.
Here it became part of the Farnese collection, which was transferred to Naples in 1760.
The statue was unveiled 15 December 1957 to commemorate an anniversary of poet's death.
The painting depicts a young woman wearing an ermine-trimmed jacket and enormous pearl earrings as she eagerly looks out a window, presumably expecting a male visitor.
A counterpart to the statue, Storytellers, was introduced in 2012 at Disney California Adventure.
Crucifixion is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Giovanni Bellini, created around 1455–1460.
Woman In A Purple Coat or The Purple Coat is a painting by Henri Matisse from 1937.
Longstaff went on to win the Archibald five times.
The work was commissioned in 1635 and took five years to complete.
It was first exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts in 1856.
The sculpture was made by the artist for the church of San Juan de la Palma, during his Seville period.
As many of Botticelli's late works, it is inspired by the preaching of Savonarola.
Two versions and that other on loan from Madrid are titled Purification of the Temple.
The wedding attire included a headdress, veil, shoes and the lace- and pearl-encrusted prayer book which she carried down the aisle.
A notable landmark, it can be described as a somehow permanent Wicker man sculpture.
I recognized it as defense of the youth and protection of the family."
The colourful glazed jars are reminiscent of Ancient Greek amphoras.
In this series he further develops the language started in works such as Catalan Landscape.
It is housed in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
Lo Zuccone is a marble statue by Donatello.
It is a bronze plaque, given by the Women's Christian Temperance Union, commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of Frances Elizabeth Willard's election as President of the WCTU.
Another is on display outside the MGIC building in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
It is one of the seven monumental representations of the Genius of Palermo.
The room is Gallery III, the largest and most imposing room at Burlington House.
The painting hangs in the Museu Nacional de Arte Antiga in Lisbon.
The Exhibition took place in State Russian Museum.
Alejo Valera, a Spanish painting teacher, took Luna as an apprentice and brought him to Rome where Luna created Las Damas Romanas in 1882.
One statue named Le Grand Double is on display in the sculpture garden of the Dutch Kröller-Müller Museum.
Eventually the public grew more interested in the new Realist approach, and the lavish, decadent fantasy of Romanticism lost popularity.
The parts finished later are the "right hand, parts of the face and the back".
Self-Portrait with Thorn Necklace and Hummingbird is a 1940 painting by Mexican painter Frida Kahlo.
Francophone art historians most often refer to the figure as an ange déchu, a "fallen angel."
In Bengali, the phrase means "Unvanquished Bengal".
Auctioned in 2010, Grande tête mince became one of the most valuable sculptures ever sold when it fetched $53.3 million.
The Blessed Soul is a bust by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
Originally in the Salón de Reinos for which it was painted, it is now in the Prado Museum.
Hopper's repeated decision to pose a young woman against her sewing is said to be his commentary on solitude.
It was located in front of the new Blue Cross Blue Shield building in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Though the outline of the "apple tree" recalls that of Gray Tree, the work is significantly more faceted and abstract.
Venus has a small companion on her pillows, sometimes a Cupid and in other versions a dog, or in Berlin both.
This painting is shown with a bird extending its neck in front of a sun-like object.
It is a mixed-media installation, consisting of a derelict ship on the lake and a guardhouse and its equipment on the shore.
The Anatomy Lesson of Dr. Nicolaes Tulp is a 1632 oil painting on canvas by Rembrandt housed in the Mauritshuis museum in The Hague, the Netherlands.
It is installed in Washington Park in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Portrait of Gustave Geffroy is a c. 1895 painting by the French Post-Impressionist artist Paul Cézanne.
The first was painted in 1621 by Rubens' pupil, Anthony van Dyck as a gift to his mentor.
Terry created the work in collaboration with a team of local artists.
It is in the collection of the Mauritshuis.
Miró's Chicago is a sculpture by Joan Miró.
It is situated in the church of the San Lorenzo in Damaso in Rome.
Rideau, Cruchon et Compotier is a painting created circa 1893 to 1894 by French artist Paul Cézanne.
It is located at Muhlenberg Park, at Connecticut Avenue and Ellicott Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C.
It was at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition.
Venus Consoling Love is a painting by François Boucher, from 1751.
Of the midnight sun and the dreamy mists,
T. F. MCGANN & SONS CO FOUNDRY
Both the armour and harness survive, and are kept at the Royal Armoury in Madrid.
The title Two Sisters was given to the painting by Renoir, and the title On the Terrace by its first owner Paul Durand-Ruel.
The central figure looks out of the picture as if inviting the viewer's participation in the outcome.
The figures are beautifully dressed in rustic but improbably clean and fashionable clothes; the woman's shoes even have elegant bows on them."
The work is often compared to more mature but equally bleak Madhouse of 1812-19.
He was often employed to produce illustrations from international events such as the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.
It is part of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's collection.
Blondel de Gagny, Paris, December 10, 1776, No.
Its exhibition in 1859 was a sensation, and the painting established Church as the foremost landscape painter in the United States.
It was painted around 1740–45, and is held by the National Gallery, London.
The sculpture is an abstract form made of Corten steel; it is installed on the lawn.
Théodore Duret, a passionate supporter of the nascent Impressionists, bought the painting from Renoir, who was unable to sell it.
It is not open to extension: no universal style is discovered.
The works were inspired by the view from the window at the asylum towards the Alpilles mountains.
The Accordionist is a 1911 painting by Pablo Picasso.
Robert's Dictionnaire says joie is sentiment exaltant ressenti par toute la conscience, that is, involves one's whole being."
He also depicted several participants in the debate who did not sign the document, including John Dickinson, who declined to sign.
It is thought to have been painted after 1625, and thus in the last three years of Ter Brugghen's life; he died in 1629.
The village lies in the middle distance, with the sea beyond.
WHICH BECAME THE "GERMAN REGIMENT" OF THE CONTINENTAL ARMY
It is housed in the Galleria degli Uffizi, in Florence.
The other was completed in 1935 and is part of the Simon Spierer Collection in Geneva, Switzerland.
The painter is thought to be a self-portrait of Pieter Bruegel the Elder.
Jeune garçon au cheval is an early painting by Pablo Picasso.
One of the largest examples of wall art in Britain, it was commissioned by the London Borough of Sutton to celebrate the borough's heritage.
Peter Paul Rubens' foreshortening is evident in the contortions of the struggling, strapping men.
Originally painted for the church of Santa Trinita, Florence, where it remained until 1471, it is now housed in the Uffizi Gallery of Florence, Italy.
It is located on the Riverwalk in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The characters 千絵の海 read as "A Thousand Pictures of the Ocean", but when read aloud the title sounds like "Oceans of Wisdom".
Voltaire was a french writer and philosopher.
is a 1964 oil and magna on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein.
According to Robert Haven Schauffler, the German painter Fritz von Uhde once considered it to be "the greatest picture ever painted."
The Nativity or as Adoration of the Shepherds) is a painting finished around 1529–1530 by the Italian painter Antonio da Correggio.
Mayor Virginia Raggi said that they will assess the damage to determine how to best reattach the fragment.
It was to be auctioned at Christie's, London, on 13 February 2014, when it was expected to fetch between £350,000 and £450,000, but was withdrawn.
The connection with natural camouflage is implied by the presence of the green lizards hiding in front of the clump in the right foreground.
It is the largest easel painting in the history of Catalan art.
The original at the Exposition had instead a Phrygian cap on top of the staff.
Parade de cirque is a 1887-88 Neo-Impressionist painting by Georges Seurat.
Matejko created his painting to remind others about the history of the no-longer-independent country he loved, and about the changing fates of history.
The Castello Estense, near which de Chirico lived, is in the background, rust-red and among industrial buildings.
Although these organisations were called Mechanic's Institutes they were funded and organised by dignitaries and not by mechanics.
When first exhibited the painting was extremely controversial, and was attacked by many critics.
Relocated to Dresden from 1754, the well-known painting was particularly influential in Germany.
The sculpture—sited outside the Tattersalls Hotel in West Wyalong—was unveiled in February 2014.
In The Wounded Table, "Kahlo is no longer a bewildered child but an adult-sized Kahlo sitting at the table."
As part of a major consolidation of the BBC's property portfolio in London, Broadcasting House has been extensively renovated and extended.
The display has 16 audio channels and four of these are intereactive.
The Magpie was completed in 1869 and is Monet's largest winter painting.
In July, 2016, it was moved to Illinois for restoration work to be undertaken; it is expected to be returned to Milwaukee in mid-2017.
His paintings are now considered among the most popular and valuable in British art.
It is an oil painting on canvas, located at the Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen, Düsseldorf.
Published by Moriya Jihei, it seems to have been issued around 1832–34 and publication of the prints ceased abruptly.
Pounder, Kevin Spacey, Richard Schiff, Carrie-Anne Moss, William H. Macy, Stephen Root, Christian Slater, and Lucy Liu.
The original is in Bristol, England, with a second cast on Massachusetts Avenue at 11th and "L" Streets, NW, in Washington, D.C., United States.
The Sydney Morning Herald said the work is "possibly the most famous Australian painting of the 20th century."
It sits in the high altar of the church of Santa Bibiana in Rome.
After seeing it, he said “It is perfect!
The Annunciation is a painting by the Italian late medieval painter Ambrogio Lorenzetti, signed and dated 1344, now housed in the Pinacoteca Nazionale of Siena, Italy.
Notwithstanding shifts in the critical appraisal of Raphael's work, the painting has enjoyed consistent admiration from other artists.
The workers are in the centre of the painting.
The installation features a series of eighteen multi-colored fish sculptures made of aluminum, acrylic and enamel, each measuring 4 feet x 12 feet.
The sculpture was commissioned in 1937, modeled from 1939 to 1941, cast in 1947, and dedicated on May 31, 1948.
Picasso's work is drawn from Francisco Goya's painting The Third of May 1808, which shows Napoleon's soldiers executing Spanish civilians under the orders of Joachim Murat.
The Madonna of Bruges is a marble sculpture by Michelangelo of Mary with the Child Jesus.
The work was commissioned by the Venetian noble Taddeo Contarini, a Venetian merchant with an interest in the occult and alchemy.
It is one of his several versions of the canonical image of the Madonna and Child.
The paintings are collectively listed as a National Treasure of Japan and held at the Nara National Museum.
Michael Martin MP on 21 February 2007.
Occasionally, the statue is a target of vandalism in an ongoing historical rivalry between students of Rutgers and Princeton University.
In Minoan chronology, their polychrome hues – white, pale red, dark red, blue, black – exclude them from the Early Minoan and early Middle Minoan Periods.
Roman soldiers on horseback, along with grieving citizens, surround the crosses.
It was included in Quintessence Editions Ltd.'s 2007 book 1001 Paintings You Must See Before You Die.
The installation supplies magnifying glasses to visitors wanting a closer inspection; they are provided field guides in the form of tiles.
The photograph was produced as an Elite Edition 1 of 1.
The pedestal consists of a fat "engaged" cylinder with a flat volute on either side, each with scrolls adorned with carved flowers and leaves.
Drawbridge in Nieuw-Amsterdam is a watercolor created in November, 1883 by Vincent van Gogh in Drente, The Netherlands.
It is located in Pere Marquette Park near the Milwaukee County Historical Society and Riverwalk.
The Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna has two other outstanding paintings by Velázquez: Infanta Maria Teresa and Prince Philip Prospero.
The piece is based on the design for the ten-dollar bill and has influenced several of Lichtenstein's later works.
The date of its creation is unknown, but 1130 was agreed upon as this date is on the back of the icon.
In this painting, Heffernan wears a ring on her ring finger, even though the two were not married.
Cigarette use by pregnant women has also been shown to cause birth defects, including low birth weight, fetal abnormalities, and premature birth.
Nevertheless, Burne-Jones returned to the original grand painting, and worked on it for the remaining thirteen years of his life.
Arcimboldo became official portraitist to Emperor Ferdinand I in 1562 and later to Maximilian II and Rudolf II.
It was cast in bronze at Pietrasanta in Italy, shipped in pieces to be constructed in New York City, and dedicated on November 28, 1977.
Portrait of Don Luis de Góngora is a 1622 painting in oils of the poet Luis de Góngora by Diego Velázquez.
It is a tempera on panel and measures 86 cm tall and 165 cm wide.
The painting is one of the first known example on the subject of St. Jerome doing penance.
Tommaso eventually lost his position due to a series of large and risky unsecured loans given to Charles.
Wallis gave no outright statement that the man depicted was dead, but there are many suggestions to this effect.
At the Moulin Rouge, the Dance is an oil-on-canvas painted by French artist Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec.
Reverend Jason Lee is an outdoor bronze sculpture of Jason Lee, located in Salem, Oregon, United States.
Saint John the Evangelist is a painting by the Italian Baroque painter Domenichino.
Unable to tear himself away, he dies of his passion, and even when crossing the Styx, keeps looking at his own reflection.
The whales comprise of eight extant families: Balaenopteridae, Balaenidae, Cetotheriidae, Eschrichtiidae, Monodontidae, Physeteridae, Kogiidae, and Ziphiidae.
It is currently held and exhibited at the Musée d'Orsay in Paris.
Mercury and Argus is a painting by Jacob Jordaens, painted around the year 1620.
It was previously owned by Leo Stein.
A pair is often called a wheelset, especially in the context of ready built "off the shelf" performance-oriented wheels.
The Alba Madonna is a painting by the Italian High Renaissance artist Raphael, depicting Mary, Jesus and John the Baptist, in a typical Italian countryside.
The painting depicts a family in a car on a drive in a rural area.
The statue measures 84 by 129 by 32 inches.
Ancestor is a public art work by artist Masayuki Nagare located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
It is painted in blue-black ink on paper.
Other docents continued those presentations for a number of years.
70 ; it was then rounded at top and measured only 32 inches in height.
The landscape and sky were later finished by Titian, who later painted the similar Venus of Urbino.
The lyrics are a tribute to Gaga's love of the nightlife and partying, while serving as a homage to her hometown.
Self-portrait in a circle of friends from Mantua is an oil on canvas by Peter Paul Rubens, produced between 1602 and 1605.
A winged female allegorical image of Fame carries to glory a dying French hero, his broken sword a sign of defeat.
Dream is a sculpture and a piece of public art by Jaume Plensa in Sutton, St Helens, Merseyside.
It is now in the Prado Museum.
But a white rose of Mary's gift,
It features six persimmons floating on an undefined, but skillfully mottled background.
The public artwork depicts an 8.5-foot crouching man, whose open form is made up of steel letters.
Along with a number of other art-works, Cahill held the painting for a ransom of £20 million.
According to art historian Robert Hughes, the painting draws inspiration from the Mole Antonelliana in Turin.
Above him is a naked hanging lightbulb, a favourite motif of Bacon's.
He also used the same title for some of his best known paintings.
Landscape with Charon Crossing Styx fits into common Northern Renaissance and early Mannerist trends of art.
Warlugulong is an acrylic on canvas painting by Indigenous Australian artist Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri.
Kahlo painted the self-portrait after her divorce from Diego Rivera and the end of her affair with photographer Nickolas Muray.
In 2012, the painting was used as the basis of a restoration project for the Buyongjeong pavilion in the rear garden of the Changdeokgung.
The statue was designed by Lloyd Ostendorf for a city contest and modeled by sculptor Avard Fairbanks, and erected on October 16, 1956.
The Penitent Magdalene is a wooden sculpture of Mary Magdalene by the Italian Renaissance sculptor Donatello, created around 1453-1455.
Long considered controversial because of its stark, modernist appearance, there have been several unsuccessful proposals to demolish the fountain over the years.
It is located at the American Museum of Natural History, New York City.
The portrait has been noted as the continuation of a recurring Cézanne theme: people in their natural environment, reserved and unimposing, immersed in their everyday tasks.
The artist created a plan and Four-Sided Pyramid was constructed by others, in 1999.
In 2017 the National Galleries of Scotland in Edinburgh launched a successful campaign to buy the painting for £4 million finally achieving the acquisition.
The statue was designed by Gautam Pal, a sculptor in Kolkata.
An appraisal by GLS GEMLAB Ltd, Abbotsford, BC puts the replacement value at $4,110,450.
A Meadow in the Mountains: Le Mas de Saint-Paul was painted by Vincent van Gogh in December 1889.
The exact subject being portrayed in this portrait has been challenged in the book by Simon Schama titled Rembrandt's Eyes, applying the scholarship of Paul Crenshaw.
The foreground of the work portrays two women in conversation at a restaurant.
Vädersolstavlan  is an oil-on-panel painting depicting a halo display, an atmospheric optical phenomenon, observed over Stockholm on April 20, 1535.
Cars has been exhibited just twice in its entirety in public: in Tübingen in 1988, and at the Albertina, Vienna from 22 January–16 May 2010.
Portrait of Catherine Balebina is a painting by Russian portrait artist Lev Russov, which depicts his wife Catherine Balebina.
This is one of seven paintings first properly attributed to Leyster by Hofstede de Groot ten years later in 1893.
Australian Seal is an outdoor 1968–1969 sculpture by Thomas Bass, installed outside the Embassy of Australia, Washington, D.C., in the United States.
The youngest child had died by the time the painting was completed.
Several studies for the final work survive.
In the right foreground is another gentleman, also looking upward ; he is dressed in brown and yellow, with slashed sleeves, and carries a stick.
The Madonna with Child and Saints, also known as Pala Pucci, is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance painter Jacopo Pontormo, executed in 1516.
The Bambuco Bridge was a temporary outdoor sculpture in the form of a simple suspension bridge spanning the River Tyne, England, made entirely from bamboo wood.
Bulb Fields also known as Flower Beds in Holland is an oil painting created in 1883 by Vincent van Gogh.
It is located on the grounds of Pickwick Farms, an apartment complex in Indianapolis, Indiana.
He looks down to the putti, and all three have a "mischiefness" that contrasts with the serious, abstracted, air of the adults.
Art historians are divided as to whether this painting or Self-portrait is Van Gogh's final self-portrait.
The painting depicts the Annunciation in a church with a chessboard pavement.
"Bridge Tender's House" was commissioned through DC Commission on the Arts and Humanities.
This artifact is now housed in the Museum of Christmas Cribs in Třebechovice pod Orebem in the Czech Republic.
It is 1.14 m high by 1.9 m wide, and is made of terracotta which was once brightly painted.
Soft Construction with Boiled Beans is a painting by Spanish Surrealist Salvador Dalí.
The painting depicts Ulysses tied to the mast and forcibly attendant to the Sirens' seductions.
Christ Carrying the Cross is a painting attributed to a follower of Hieronymus Bosch.
Untitled was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
It is made of stainless steel, aluminum, water and bronze.
The memorial was first suggested during the 1980s and early 1990s by fans of his work, including Derek Jarman.
Forever Marilyn is a giant statue of Marilyn Monroe designed by Seward Johnson.
The Portrait of Philip IV or Philip IV in Brown and Silver is a portrait of Philip IV of Spain painted by Diego Velázquez.
Others suggest that the compositional conception of the figures, colors, symbols and textures give a sense of imminent threat underlining the depicted theme.
Twenty years later in 1995, Folley was commissioned to paint a large altar painting depicting Christ's Descent from the Cross.
In 1807 it was bought with a large part of the Borghese collections for Napoleon.
In the collection of W. H. Beers, New York.
It now resides in the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam.
In the centre a road leads to the distance ; away to the right is a cottage.
Still there is hope for the sobbing boy.
DEDICATED TO ALL MEN OF BERWICK ANDVICINITY WHO FOUGHT IN THE WORLD WAR
Rain, Steam and Speed – The Great Western Railway is an oil painting by the 19th-century British painter J. M. W. Turner.
The composition's subject also served Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand of Austria, for whom he played Barbarroja in comic plays.
A Meat Stall with the Holy Family Giving Alms is a painting by the Netherlandish artist Pieter Aertsen.
It serves as the gravesite for the Hay family.
X-ray analysis shows that the painting originally had a small dog relieving himself on a pile of old master paintings.
His early works were earth-toned and dull.
The statue was to be over six feet tall, making it difficult to find a large enough piece of Carrara marble for its construction.
The original was destroyed in a fire at the University of Valladolid in Spain.
The top portion of the panel, called Hunting on the Lagoon is in the Getty Museum, and another matching panel is missing.
The sculpture is just north of the Herron School of Art on New York Street.
Sun Voyager is a dreamboat, an ode to the sun.
Abraham Lincoln is an 1869 oil-on-canvas painting by George Peter Alexander Healy of Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States.
The Portrait of Fra Antonio Martelli is a painting by the Italian master Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio, in the Palazzo Pitti, Florence.
It was dedicated on October 26, 1980.
The Abandoned Soldier is a sculpture created in 2007 by sculptor James Napier that was modelled after British ex-soldier Lance Corporal Daniel Twiddy.
It is located in the Pinacoteca civica Francesco Podesti in Ancona, central Italy.
Circus Sideshow influenced the Fauves, Cubists, Futurists and Orphists.
The sculpture was removed from its base on August 20, 2008, for repairs, and was returned on October 31 of that year.
The painting was presented to the Tate Gallery by the National Art Collections Fund in 1905.
The painting is now exhibited at the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford.
The bronze statues are covered in white lacquer, cast in 1980 from plaster moulds of human models.
It belonged to Vincenzo Giustiniani before entering the Prussian royal collection, surviving the Second World War intact.
It likely depicts a literary friend of the artist holding open a collection of poetry.
Canvas, 45 1/2 inches by 38 1/2 inches.
One day in the early 1990s, Dorey Schmidt visited Four Winns Ranch during a Wimberley Civic Club Home Tour.
It might also be said to be the burial of the hierarchy of genres which had dominated French art since the 17th century.
The cycle of paintings were looted from the palace during the Napoleonic Wars.
A scientific study published in 2011 concluded that The Librarian was a later copy of Arcimbolodo's original painting, whose whereabouts are unknown.
In the Shadow of the Elm is an outdoor 1984 sculpture by Paul Sutinen, located at the South Park Blocks in Portland, Oregon.
Some species, such as sperm whales, are well adapted for diving to great depths to catch squid and other favoured prey.
The sculpture depicts Hank Aaron, a member of the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team, in a batting stance.
As other wartime works by Gleizes, Portrait of an Army Doctor represents a break from the first phase of Cubism.
Both lunettes were acquired in 1855 from the Metzger brothers by Sir Charles Eastlake and donated to the National Gallery in 1861.
The painting shows a youthful Bacchus reclining in classical fashion with grapes and vine leaves in his hair, fingering the drawstring of his loosely draped robe.
Union of Lublin is an oil painting by the Polish artist Jan Matejko, finished in 1869, depicting the Union of Lublin.
A lark takes flight toward the upper left of the canvas.
Completed in approximately 1657–59, the well-preserved painting is on display at the Gemäldegalerie in Dresden.
Anne d'Harnoncourt, a young curator at the time and future director of the museum, orchestrated the acquisition and transfer of the piece to Philadelphia.
It is displayed in the Bentivoglio Chapel of the church of San Giacomo Maggiore, Bologna, Italy.
3 is a public art work by artist Marta Pan located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
In the lower part, with a chronological step, is the episode of the saint with the lion having a thorn in the paw.
The Uecker Monument is a public art work by artist Brian Maughan.
In response to the removal of the work, McCall started a Twitter campaign with the hashtag #eroticcensorship.
Painting 1946, also known as Painting or Painting, is an oil-on-linen painting by the Irish-born artist Francis Bacon.
It is held in a private collection in New York City, United States.
The painting was donated by Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. Scull to the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
The paintings were made in Auvers between May and July 1890, during the last few months of his life.
It remained there until 2002 when it was moved to a position outside the Australian Centre for Contemporary Art in Southbank.
Tau particles are denoted by τ− and the antitau by τ+.
The monument is expressly intended for the benefit of future people.
His son, Pieter Brueghel the Younger, specialised in making copies of his father's work and painted at least 16 copies of Netherlandish Proverbs.
250 sets of this print were made, and edition #17 is in the collection at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago.
In 2008, as part of Liverpool's year-long position as European Capital of Culture, 125 individually designed miniature replicas were created.
The painting is a product of one of Corot's youthful sojourns in Italy, and, in Kenneth Clark's words, "as free as the most vigorous Constable".
The painting is a portrait of Paul Gauguin's native wife Teha'amana during his first visit to Tahiti in 1891-1893.
It is now a popular tourist attraction.
The Boy Scout Memorial serves as a tribute to the Boy Scouts of America.
Working for a while at the imperial stables, he had the opportunity to study in detail and made numerous portraits of horses.
It was first exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1849, and is now in the collection of the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool.
Martin Luther is a public artwork by German artist Ernst Friedrich August Rietschel, located at Luther Place Memorial Church in Washington, D.C., United States.
The statue was originally located in "an alcove behind Swiss Cottage Library, where it was virtually hidden away from the public."
Insane Woman is an 1822 oil on canvas painting by Théodore Géricault in a series of work Géricault did on the mentally ill.
Stylistically, it can be compared with Entrance to a Quarry".
She engages contemporary consumption of media and the delineation between documentary, technical, and artistic/expressive images.
A single dominant oak was also the subject of two later vertical compositions painted by Friedrich.
Flying above the pool there is a golden oriole depicted.
Drosophila Fly Head is an outdoor 1988 sculpture by Wayne Chabre, installed on the University of Oregon campus in Eugene, Oregon, in the United States.
De Elorriaga is credited as the artist of a 1889 painting of the inauguration of George Washington as the first President of the United States.
C. Sedelmeyer, Vienna, December 20, 1872, No.
Gibellina has since been rebuilt, about 20 km from the city's original location.
Her costume shows that she is a novice, presumably meditating on her final vows.
General Casimir Pulaski is a bronze equestrian statue, by Kazimierz Chodziński.
The Face of War is a painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí.
The Last Judgment is a triptych created by a follower of Hieronymus Bosch.
The gallery is possibly the one in the southeast corner near the registry office for weddings, as there are three couples represented.
Daniel Webster was presented by Gordon W. Burnham in 1876.
As an earthquake might fissure the landscape, Kahlo's accident broke her body.
In those depths a few mountains can be glimpsed.
The Altarpiece of the Saints John is a painting by Bernat Martorell conserved at the National Art Museum of Catalonia.
This painting was chosen by a man who Kehinde had approached in the streets.
In this process the artist paints whatever comes to mind, thereby painting his subconscious thoughts.
Out of the twelve editions, only one is currently placed publicly within SkySuite, the highest residential tower in Singapore.
Several objects - the white kerchief, the pearls and the animals are symbols of chastity.
Ramon Casas and Pere Romeu on a Tandem is a painting by Ramon Casas in exhibition at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
The sculpture is a part of the dialog project The children of Abraham, which is created by the artist Jens Galschiot.
Some people say the sculpture exhibits an aggressive posture but Dashi said: "I've never seen any threat in its open mouth.
The radio stations BBC Radio 3, BBC Radio 4, BBC Radio 4 Extra and the BBC World Service transferred to refurbished studios within the building.
A minority of scholars attribute the portrait to another Italian artist, Piero della Francesca.
Painted around 1738, it may have been commissioned by the English merchant and art collector Joseph Smith.
The theory, as well as the term, “Nuclear Mysticism” was coined by Dali himself.
Nobody knows how the painting ended up in the Canadian farmhouse
The Heller Altarpiece was an oil on panel triptych by German Renaissance artists Albrecht Dürer and Matthias Grünewald, executed between 1507 and 1509.
They are shown by a window facing Kongens Nytorv in Copenhagen but they are not watching anything on the square; they are reading a book.
It was unveiled in 2001 amid some controversy.
This painting by Hooch was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1908, who wrote; "41.
Measuring 28 centimetres in diameter, it is at the Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna, Austria.
It is located in the centre of Bury, Greater Manchester.
Among the congregation for the latter was the young Barack Obama, who was deeply moved.
The Mahatma Gandhi Memorial is a public monument of Mahatma Gandhi, installed in front of the Embassy of India, Washington, D.C., in the United States.
By 1685 the pair had passed to the Chevalier de Lorraine and in 1710 they were bought by Benigne de Ragois de Bretonvillers.
Yet the atmosphere remains genuinely spiritual, the two figures lit by an unearthly effulgence in the dark night-time landscape where strange glimmerings flicker on the horizon.
She wears an orange-coloured dress and has a basket of apples on her lap, and a dish of peeled apples on a chair beside her.
Two Girls Dressing a Kitten by Candlelight is a "fancy painting" by Joseph Wright of Derby.
Capitalism is a 1991 outdoor marble and concrete sculpture and fountain by Larry Kirkland, located in northeast Portland, Oregon, United States.
The New House is a 1953 painting by Australian artist John Brack.
It is housed in the Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister of Dresden, Germany.
Masterpiece is a 1962 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein that uses his classic Ben-Day dots and a speech balloon.
In the middle of the background a gentleman with long curls, a slouch hat, and a cloak, enters at the stable-door.
With this piece she reflected on her life.
It was first exhibited in 1893 at the Große Berliner Kunstaustellung.
According to J. Richard Judson the dog near Judas perhaps represents greed or evil, as the companion of Judas, as in John 13:27.
People can interact with the sculpture through physical movement, using their body and hand gestures to remix sound loops and mapped projections.
Half of the series was shown in Milton Keynes in September 2001.
From Monte Carlo, Bacon wrote to Graham Sutherland and Erica Brausen.
The lovers in the painting are Chagall and his second wife Valentina Brodsky.
Studies of the Fetus in the Womb are two colored annotated sketches by Leonardo da Vinci made in 1510–1512/13.
In 1894, Klimt was commissioned to paint the ceiling.
Another example, equally genuine, was in the possession of the London dealers Agnew.
The Old Guitarist is an oil painting by Pablo Picasso created late 1903 – early 1904.
The work is one of the earliest known paintings by the artist, executed between 1499 and 1502.
The Sorrows of the King, is an example of Matisse's final body of works known as the cutouts.
It was completed on June 6, 2006 and destroyed by a storm on September 8, 2006.
Several international collectors attempted to buy the painting.
Rosa was known for his landscape paintings, but also worked in the sphere of mythology, witchcraft, portraits, and satire.
It is currently in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art, New York.
The painting was created at Dürer's workshop in Nuremberg in 1503.
The exhibition took place in Manezh Exhibition Hall.
It is in the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica in Palazzo Barberini, Rome.
At the same time it represents death as something infinitely more relentless.
Another theory is these are King Herod's soldiers, who didn't realize St Peter escaping prison.
It depicts an Australian rules footballer standing before a crowd of spectators at a football match.
In 2010, a wish tree was installed at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
The memorial in the nation's capital complemented an earlier monument, constructed in 1907–08 and dedicated in 1911, on the site of Buchanan's birthplace in Mercersburg, Pennsylvania.
The central motif is sadness and sorrow of Husayn ibn Ali’s family while crying around his horse coming back without its rider.
This was one of Van Gogh's last paintings before his death.
The model for the principal figure was Tryphena Ford, whom Hughes married in 1855.
Saint George and the Dragon is a painting by Peter Paul Rubens, based upon the motif with the same name.
It is located at 26th Street and the Benjamin Franklin Parkway.
The figures are elongated, with Byzantine-style costumes and frontal poses.
Like English Wikipedia, the embroidery was created through the collaboration of many individuals.
and is in the Musée du Louvre, Paris, France.
"The achievement of Vermeer's maturity is complete.
The other hand grasps a staff with a plaque that reads "liberty", partly obscured by an encircling laurel wreath.
Placement of Goliath's head has been a source of some debate for art historians.
Manuel Osorio Manrique de Zúñiga is a portrait painting by Francisco Goya.
NBC's telecast of The Enormous Egg also featured five smaller triceratops models that Louis Paul Jonas had created to represent the dinosaur during its youth.
The painting is the example of Pahari painting used in Gardner's Art Through the Ages:
Part of the Andrew W. Mellon Collection, it has been in the National Gallery of Art since 1937.
The illustrations all have Canadian subjects, and no two pieces are the same.
It is part of a "Dendroids" series begun in 1998.
Tuna Fishing was painted by Salvador Dalí in 1966-1967 and is seen by many as one of Dalí's last masterpieces.
It cost $59,000 and was funded through the Convention Center's One Percent for Art program and by private donors.
With a length of 2,754 feet it is credited as one of the longest murals in the world.
The work was exhibited in April 1905 at the Galerie Legrip in Rouen, and again at the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Rouen; inauguration 13 November 1909.
The 60-foot sculpture, commissioned by GAP founders Donald and Doris F. Fisher, depicts a partial bow and piece of an arrow.
It seems to get ignored or walked past or spray-painted.
The painting was discovered in a private collection in 1959.
Others attribute authorship to Jacopo da Sellaio.
It is made of steel plated with chrome; it is installed on the lawn.
Picture for Women is a photographic work by Canadian artist Jeff Wall.
The Big Lobster is a tourist attraction located in the town of Rosetown, South Australia.
The elephant was probably executed by his assistant Ercole Ferrata; the Egyptian obelisk was uncovered during nearby excavations.
It is housed in the Uffizi Gallery of Florence.
Wind Leaves is a public artwork by American artist Ned Kahn located on the downtown lakefront Pier Wisconsin in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.
Accordingly, the work exemplifies Dalí's early interest in impressionism.
The painting is displayed at the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C..
367, 555 [282 -3, 433]; Waagen, iii.
Unveiled in 2003, it depicts American novelist, essayist, and countercultural figure Ken Kesey reading to his three grandchildren, Kate Smith, Caleb Kesey and Jordan Smith.
The Self-portrait is commonly dated between 1504 and 1506.
The painting became part of the collections of the Lyon Museum in 1913.
VIEW INTO THE COURTYARD OF THE FORMER CLOISTER OF HIERONYMUSDALE, IN DELFT.
The diorama was commissioned by the AWM in 1986, and was placed on display in 1989.
It was designed by architect William Gorden Beecher, and sculpted by Maryland artist Hans Schuler.
She was admired by all of Florence for her beauty, which later became a legend after her premature death in 1476 at the age of 23.
Four smaller fountains around the Geyser represent the four rivers which converge near the two cities: The Mississippi, Missouri, Illinois, and Meramec.
One painting is in the collection of the Museum of Fine Arts, Ghent; the other in the Wallraf-Richartz Museum, Cologne.
It is considered an iconic image of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.
2, also known as The Little White Girl is a painting by James Abbott McNeill Whistler.
It was built over a decade, from 1957 to 1968.
The painting is amongst the very first paintings by van Gogh.
It is now on display in the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica of Rome.
"New Leaf" was created through DC Commission on the Arts and Humanities.
It was produced for display in the Torre de la Parada.
15 Queen Anne's Gate in Westminster, London.
His twenty-nine engravings and three very large woodcuts were also highly influential.
Mrs. Bethune is supporting herself by a cane given to her by President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Portrait of Seymour H. Knox is a 1985 portrait by Andy Warhol of Seymour H. Knox II.
In 2013, the painting was acquired by the Musée d'Orsay where it is presently kept.
Upon Gary's death in 1927 his collection was auctioned off, and The Harvest Wagon was one of the most sought-after works.
Brooklyn Bridge is a 1915 painting by the French artist, theorist and writer Albert Gleizes.
The sculpture is located on the east corner of the north side of the lecture hall under the overhang.
Thompson shows the regiment formed in a square in a field of rye, withstanding attacks, at approximately 17:00, from lancers and cuirassiers led by Marshal Ney.
He was born in Wandsworth, South London, where he was educated at Emanuel School.
Powhida later responded to criticism in an article published on the Art:21 blog.
Lieutenant General George Washington is an equestrian statue of George Washington, at Washington Circle, Washington, D.C.
The Entombment is a 1559 painting by Titian, commissioned by Philip II of Spain.
It was displayed from September 26 to November 18, 2014, at 40 Southwark Street, SE1 9HP.
The picture is a portrait of an equestrian of the artist's wife Catherine Anisimovna Stulovskaya.
The architect was Rodolfo Siviero, and the founder was Bruno Bearzi.
This is an example of one of the final group of oil paintings in Matisse's career.
According to the MET's museum website, the provenance of the painting is as follows:
Sea of the Ear is a kinetic work made of galvanized steel and painted bright red.
A version attributed to Breuegel's son Pieter Brueghel the Younger of c. 1600 is in the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Its architectural setting was created by French's longtime collaborator Henry Bacon.
This painting depicts Ned Kelly's trial, where Kelly is depicted in handcuffs.
The Madonna of the Red Cherubims is an oil on panel painting by Italian Renaissance artist Giovanni Bellini, executed around 1485.
The statue was commissioned through the General Services Administration's Art in Architecture program in 1991.
It is called "Guennol" after the Welsh name for "Martin", the name of the collector.
The Garden of Death is a painting by Finnish symbolist painter Hugo Simberg.
La barca de Aqueronte became Hidalgo's most awarded work of art.
The Farmers' Lunch is one of the earliest paintings by the Spanish artist Diego Velázquez.
The sculpture is a tribute to the National Association of Letter Carriers, commissioned to celebrate the centennial of its founding.
It was originally located in front of the West Allis City Hall in downtown West Allis, Wisconsin.
Most notable is the distinct color contrast between the dark and somber skies above and the glowing green hills below.
The work is unusual, as it is a literal illustration of a double simile from Macbeth, found in the lines:
The delicate pastel managed to survive the cold and dampness in Königstein Fortress and brought back to Dresden after the Germans retreated from advancing Soviet troops.
It was painted in oil on canvas, typical of most Dutch artists of the time, and is 50.5 by 46 cm.
Another was The Death of Nelson by Daniel Maclise, a large wall painting in the Royal Gallery of the Palace of Westminster.
It was included in several exhibitions, including the Paris Exposition of 1900, Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo, New York and the Louisiana Purchase Exposition.
Raphael, Perugino's pupil, painted a version of his own of the picture in 1504.
He painted the picture while being outside and carefully recorded the mid-morning sunlight and shadows.
Asher Brown Durand was an American engraver, portraitist, and landscape artist.
David hesitated between representing either this subject or that of Homer reciting his verses to his fellow Greeks.
Second National Art Exhibition "Soviet Russia" was one of the largest Soviet art exhibitions of the 1960s.
The work is administered by the City of Houston's Municipal Arts Commission.
He sold the Hals, along with other works to art merchant Joseph Duveen.
(On relief plaque, back of granite boulder:)Solon Borglum
-TO THOSE WHO FOUGHT AND LIVED, AND THOSE
The painting features a pyramidal composition, symmetry and the balance of forms.
View of Egmond aan Zee is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael.
The sculpture is positioned adjacent to John Wilson's sculpture Washington Grays Monument.
This painting was created on the days of atonement but the setting of the piece is on the actual day of Yom Kippur.
When it was last sold in 1989, The New York Times described the work as "a comic-strip image of sea warfare".
La Laguna Estigia, also known simply as Laguna Estigia, is an 1887 Greco-Roman painting by Filipino painter Félix Resurrección Hidalgo.
It is part of a collection at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C..
Inwangjesaekdo is a landscape painting by the famous Jeong Seon.
The artwork consists of three red rectalinear shapes intersecting each other and resting on concrete pads.
Greenery is everywhere and numerous trees can be seen in the background.
Furthermore, the subject is seated in a position making her profile visible which creates a sense of intensity and authority.
The painting hung in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum of Boston, Massachusetts, prior to being stolen in 1990.
The present bronze tail is an 18th-century restoration.
About that time, Dr. Schmidt was invited to give a lecture at the Delaware Art Museum in Wilmington.
Saint Catherine of Alexandria is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael.
It dates to around 490 BC, making it one of the latest examples of the kouros type of statue, and is made of Parian marble.
It was cast in 1919 and measures 72 inches x 32.5 inches x 54 inches.
Monet painted this subject as part of a series of views of the monastery-island of San Giorgio Maggiore.
The bust and its base are 49 inches high, 29 inches wide, and 22 inches long.
43 reads; "Fantasy abandoned by reason produces impossible monsters: united with her, she is the mother of the arts and the origin of their marvels."
From 2005 to 2016, Garnett was Arts Editor at Cultural Politics, a contemporary culture, politics and media journal published by Duke University Press.
It is considered a pendant portrait, but the sitter is unknown and therefore the pendant is not certain.
Now in the Rijksmuseum at Amsterdam, Van der Hoop bequest ; No.
The kinetic sculpture consists of three tapering spear-like forms thrusting vertically; it is installed on the lawn.
In 1924 poet André Breton formed the Surrealist movement.
Draper also painted a reduced replica that is housed at the Leeds Art Gallery.
The sculpture depicts Freud with his head turn to one side as if in thought, with his hands in his waistcoat pockets.
Like Claude Monet who worked in series', he ended up concentrating on a single theme.
The artwork consists of three creatures made of painted steel.
However Andrea was apparently only three years older than Gabriele, which one would not think from the two figures here.
In 1913 it was published in The Cubist Painters, Aesthetic Meditations by Guillaume Apollinaire.
The original statue for the Exposition, constructed in 1893, stood in front of the Court of Honor, inside the Great Basin.
It was surveyed and deemed "treatment needed" by the Smithsonian Institution's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!"
Although the subject matter differs slightly from the majority of her works, it is a display of her style and her impeccable attention to detail.
It is currently in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
Painted during a summer drought when Streeton was twenty-one years old, it is an idyllic depiction of sunlit, undulating plains in rural Heidelberg on Melbourne's outskirts.
Storm at Sea is an oil-on-panel by Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder, painted in c. 1569.
Houses now stand where the low trees are seen round the mill.
It is housed in the Uffizi Gallery of Florence, Italy.
One could speculate that the parallel diagonals of Jesus’ phallus and leg suggest that both battle the snake, with one its metaphorical equal.
It was thus completed by that year, having been likely begun in 1319.
The Esterhazy Madonna is a 1508 painting by Raphael, held at the Museum of Fine Arts in Budapest, in Hungary.
Ritual II is a public art work by Russian-American artist Alexander Liberman located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The painting has been retouched in many places, and these retouchings have faded.
Still Life: Vase with Pink Roses was painted in 1890 by Vincent van Gogh in Saint-Rémy.
Spring Day is a painting by the well-known Russian artist Nikolai Matveevich Pozdneev.
Michelangelo concentrated the attention on the depiction of pain and suffering.
It attempts to convey the mood of Soviet society of the late 1950s to the early 1960s.
It was dedicated on June 3, 1976.
The sculpture is made out of two bronze hemispheres; it is 3 meters high and has a diameter of 6 meters.
A poem written by Mark Strand, the 1991 Poet Laureate of the United States is carved around the base of the statue.
The story from early Roman history of the rape of Lucretia by Sextus Tarquinius, and her subsequent suicide, was a popular subject in Renaissance art.
It is considered a pendant portrait to the Portrait of a Man Standing, in the same museum.
The abstract sculpture is located outside on the Jefferson Drive entrance of and in the collection of the National Air and Space Museum.
It is not to be confused with another Fra Angelico Last Judgement in the Gemäldegalerie, Berlin.
Edge Elements is a series of five sculptures.
Kauffmann Memorial is a public artwork by American artist William Ordway Partridge, located at Rock Creek Cemetery in Washington, D.C., United States.
Burger regarded it as a Vermeer ; see Gazette des Beaux Arts for 1866, p. 551, No.
The Seven Sorrows Polyptych is an oil on panel painting by Albrecht Dürer.
The Misses Vickers is an oil painting by John Singer Sargent.
The Mystical Marriage of Saint Catherine is a painting by the medieval Italian painter Michelino da Besozzo.
Aero Memorial is located in Philadelphia's Aviator Park, across from The Franklin Institute at 20th Street and the Benjamin Franklin Parkway.
I believe nobody will laugh this year."
This is one of Dubuffet's three monumental sculpture commissions in the United States.
Vooght is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals, painted in 1631 and now in the Frans Hals Museum.
The work is now at the Kunsthalle Hamburg art museum in Germany.
Warhol obtained a photograph of the empty execution chamber, which became the basis for this series.
A Street in Brittany is a painting dated 1881 by the artist Stanhope Forbes.
She was of noble origins, and dedicated herself as a Christian after having a vision.
Although the paintings are noticeably different the Madonna is more or less in the same position in both works.
The painting was bought by the National Gallery in 1895, catalogued as NG 1436, and is today on display in room 55.
The Three Crosses is an etching and drypoint by the Dutch artist Rembrandt van Rijn, which depicts the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
Described as "the most puzzling of Degas's major works", it depicts a tense confrontation by lamplight between a man and a partially undressed woman.
The viewer seems to be on a level with the children but also looking down on them.
It depicts a rainbow arcing across the sky after a storm.
On the left panel are baptism, confirmation and confession and on the right hand panel the ordination of a priest, marriage and the last rites.
He enjoyed them aesthetically and found joy in painting flowering trees.
Color remains primordial but is moderate and sharply delineated by boundary conditions.
The grandeur of the work makes it the most important painting of the fifteenth century in Catalonia.
In a 1908 diary entry, painter John French Sloan writes that The Wrestlers is among the best paintings he ever encountered.
Every September, the Consulate General of Brazil commemorates Andrada and Brazilian Independence Day by hosting a small ceremony at the monument.
The cityscape depicts the life of the main street of Leningrad in summer day of the mid-1980s.
Fire and Water is a public art work by American artist John Luttropp, located on the southwest side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The work was created by multiple Balinese sculptors and installed in 2013.
The natural setting displayed in the painting was the large garden of the house owned by the painter in Cagnes-sur-Mer.
The date of this painting is 1505–07.
The memorial complex was revitalized from 2007 until 2008.
Young Man with a Skull is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals, painted in 1626 and now in the National Gallery, London.
It formed part of a colossal acrolithic cult statue for the worship of Antinous as a god.
It hangs in the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna, Austria.
Running Horses is an outdoor 1986 bronze sculpture by Tom Hardy, located on the Transit Mall in downtown Portland, Oregon.
Some authors have used the painting as the front cover for their books, examples include Mass of the Apocalypse and Studies in the Book of Revelation.
Rhythm in Space is a public art work by artist Max Bill located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Other institutions, however, identify Utagawa Kunimasu—also known as Sadamasu I—as its author.
The identity of the woman has not been established, nor her social class.
It was a gift in memory of Francis, Baron Mount-Temple by his wife, Georgiana in 1889.
It was acquired in 1893 by the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Lyon where it has been conserved.
It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is now in a private collection.
There are four examples: Massachusetts Avenue and 24th Street, N.W.
The Portrait of Princess Saint Joana is a painting by Portuguese Renaissance artist Nuno Gonçalves.
The Skater is a 1782 oil on canvas portrait of William Grant by the American artist Gilbert Stuart.
Around 1908, the art dealer Ambroise Vollard purchased Surprised!
It appears to be of Egyptian origin.
The statue was dedicated in June 1915.
It was completed in 1885 and is painted in an Impressionistic style.
Aristotle with a Bust of Homer, also known as Aristotle Contemplating a Bust of Homer, is an oil-on-canvas painting by Rembrandt.
The statue is a late Roman sculpture of a standing man in a toga, probably a senior magistrate.
The angular handles reminded me of arms akimbo, and that led to the idea of making a photograph to express a dance theme.
The Strangford Apollo is an Ancient Greek sculpture of a nude boy, with the arms and lower legs missing.
The Vision of Saint Jerome is a painting by the Italian Mannerist artist Parmigianino, executed in 1526–1527.
It was perhaps ordered by cardinal Alemanno Adimari, archbishop of Pisa, who had his sepulchre in the Roman church of Santa Maria Nova decorated by Gentile.
The title comes from the onomatopoeic graphics that depict the sound that comes from a machine gun.
Today it is best known as a jester by the same name who was the subject of a painting by Frans Hals.
The altarpiece was painted for the Church of SS.
The boy answered, "My soul desires above all things to understand the Holy Scriptures.
The Portrait of Philip IV in Armour is a portrait of Philip IV of Spain by Velázquez now in the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
Although the title has religious connotations, Bacon's personal outlook was bleak; as an atheist he did not believe in either divine intervention nor an afterlife.
The installation includes three bronze or steel figures, created during 1991–1992, each measuring between 8 feet and 10 feet tall.
The series was installed in 1986 as part of the renovations associated with construction of the MAX Light Rail.
It was the first of Degas's "ballet pictures".
The work, painted in oil on canvas, measures 249 × 170 cm and is owned by the Museo del Prado.
The Madonna del Granduca is a Madonna painting by the Italian renaissance artist Raphael.
The sculpture is popularly known as Withy Man, or Angel of the South in reference to Antony Gormley's sculpture Angel of the North.
Reynolds began the work in 1769, and completed it the next year.
The bronze sculpture is an abstract, androgynous reclining form; it rests on a base installed on the lawn.
The canvas is of a suburban, but placed Parisian riverside scene.
Carry the Rainbow on Your Shoulders is a public artwork by American artist Jerome Meadows, located in the Adams Morgan neighborhood in Washington, D.C., United States.
Notre-Dame, une fin d'après-midi is a painting by Henri Matisse from 1902.
The Society had been planning a memorial fountain in honor of its late president and founder.
The Night is a 20th-century painting by German artist Max Beckmann, created between the years of 1918 and 1919.
The old earl has died, so the son is now the new earl, and his wife is the countess.
Archibald greatly admired the portrait, prompting him to set up a bequest for the Archibald Prize, now Australia's most prestigious prize for portraiture.
The $1.49 billion project is the second part of a two-phase transportation plan known as the South Corridor Project, bringing light rail service to Clackamas County.
A few of the paintings were made in Paris and the rest in the northwestern suburbs of Paris in Clichy and Asnières.
According to one poll, the painting is the second most popular in Russia behind Bogatyrs by Viktor Vasnetsov.
Boucher painted the artwork with soft pastel tones using a dim silvery light.
Quartet is a public art work by artist Celine Farrell located on the south side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Correggio was noted for creating some of the most sumptuous religious paintings of the period.
In 1958 it was designated a Grade II-listed building.
A horizontal gold inscription reads "Ao ÆTATIS XXX".
These include the Beacon of Hope, Lula with the Hula, the Belle on the Ball and the Thing with the Ring.
Though they appear to be sharing the same space each one also seems to exist in a separate reality.
Soon after his return to Pont-Aven he painted The Yellow Christ:
It is in the Louvre in Paris.
The sculpture is administered by the University of Oregon.
The oil-on-wood painting measures 54.5 by 71 centimetres.
It is his only signed work, and has an unusual iconography for a Nativity.
It also featured a realism aspect, and was drawn with similar media.
Many of the people depicted show the characteristic blank features that Bruegel used to portray fools.
The main female figure may depict Esther Short, one of the first U.S. citizens to arrive in Fort Vancouver.
It is considered an icon of Scottish culture, painted during one of the most remarkable periods in the country's history, the Scottish Enlightenment.
An inspection of the picture's craquelure determined that the painting was indeed the original and not Hatvany's copy.
It shows the head of a small dog gazing upwards.
It is in the National Gallery, London.
Then Jesus said, "Because you have seen me, you have believed; blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed."
Frith worked on the painting through much of 1881 and 1882.
While the whole car cannot be seen, the car itself is identifiable as a Triumph Mayflower.
Philosophers influence Irwin’s work, such as Maurice Merleau-Ponty’s ideas of engagement and interaction between the physical world and people.
It caused major disruption by reducing visibility and even penetrating indoor areas, far more severe than previous smog events experienced in the past, called "pea-soupers".
The sculpture is sited near a Colonial-era African-American burial ground, and its support structure alludes to the slave trade's Middle Passage.
(On plaque on front of granite base:)
The artwork, primarily made from fiberglass, consists of twenty white and black bone-shaped benches.
It is one of the few still-lifes she executed.
Inge II was King of Norway from 1204 to 1217.
The baldachin is at the centre of the crossing and directly under the dome of the basilica.
In it, he is seen at work, holding his palette, brushes, and maulstick.
The Menin Road is a large oil painting by Paul Nash completed in 1919 that depicts a First World War battlefield.
Diana and Callisto is a painting completed between 1556 and 1559 by the Venetian artist Titian.
"A Family" is a 1951 oil on canvas painting by Irish artist Louis le Brocquy.
Actor Nakamura Shikan II as Satake Shinjūrō is an ukiyo-e woodblock print by Osaka-based late Edo period print designer Shungyōsai Hokusei.
I thought this would be a nice scale for kids.
The 72.5-by-64.7-centimetre picture depicts a man and two women playing music.
The interfusion and interrelation between the sitter and the background of the painting reflect Bergson’s concepts about the simultaneity of experience.
The image of St. Sergius of Radonezh, near and dear to the artist since childhood, was embodiment of the moral ideal for Nesterov.
Judith and Holofernes' palette consists of blacks, ochres and red applied with very free, broad and energetic brushstrokes.
It is considered to be one of the masterpieces of the rococo era, and is Fragonard's best known work.
The almost life-size portrait and unusual contrast in Lise led several critics to ridicule the work.
The Love Song is an oil painting by American artist Norman Rockwell, located in the Indianapolis Museum of Art, which is in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
And the flowers floating in the foreground add a garnish, a flash of flair, that both emphasises and finalises this process of revelation.
Almost all of the scenes are linked with the cult of the dead.
The required environmental impact report for the piece was 450 pages long.
The Selig Monument is a public art work by artist Brian Maughan.
Major General Nathanael Greene is a bronze equestrian statue, by Henry Kirke Brown.
Ecce Homo is a painting of the episode in the Passion of Jesus by the Early Netherlandish painter Hieronymus Bosch, painted between 1475 - 85.
This "Survey of Modern Art" was one of the last prewar exhibitions in Prague.
Both young women are probably the two sisters of Courbet: Zoe and Juliet.
As of 2011, the sculpture remains in its location along Minnehaha Creek and is one of Fjelde's best-known works.
David and Goliath is a painting by the Italian Baroque master Caravaggio.
The North-South axis of the armillary sphere on his shoulders points towards the North Star as seen from New York City.
The US National Fire Protection Association reports 0.53 deaths per 100 fires in homes with working smoke alarms compared to 1.18 deaths in homes without.
It is now held in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in Venice.
The figurative sculpture is a 14-foot multicolored bird-like creature, perched atop a 15-foot tall arch-shaped, vine-covered concrete pedestal.
There are other Etruscan sarcophagus covers showing couples, but these are the best known.
It is considered the most expensive still life ever sold at an auction.
Blood spills onto the European Frida's white dress from a broken blood vessel that has been cut by the forceps.
It depicts the saint at the moment of his martyrdom, being burnt alive on a gridiron.
The works in the series provide examples of his work during that period of time and the progression he made as an artist.
The memorial depicts a mother and three children, and commemorates pioneer mothers who settled in the Pacific Northwest.
It depicts Isaac Massa, a prosperous merchant and a close friend of Hals.
It is one of the most best-known examples of Art Deco portrait painting.
It was painted in the years 1962–1963 and hangs today in the Museum Ludwig in Cologne, Germany.
It is installed in Riverside Park on the east side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The work formed part of her MAFA submission and was first exhibited at the Market Theatre Gallery in Johannesburg in 1986.
Two years later, Manet presented his now renowned painting Olympia at the Salon as well.
It is situated in the Lincoln Memorial, on the National Mall, Washington, D.C., USA, and was unveiled in 1922.
In the left foreground a fallen tree hangs over the water.
This painting by Hooch was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1908, who wrote; "173.
Its known provenance starts at the medieval church in Kalanti in Southwest Finland where it stood until 1883.
It was found on a tomb in the ancient city of Myrrhinus in Attica.
The family at the time had assets worth 170,000 Reichsmark, equivalent to $5 to 10 million 2009 dollars.
The Bellelli Family, also known as Family Portrait, is an oil painting on canvas by Edgar Degas, painted ca.
It was traditionally interpreted as a tronie, or genre painting in a portrait format, depicting a mythic witch-figure.
The depiction of Sylvester is modeled after Pope Clement VII who became pope in 1523.
The stations serve the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry, the Brooklyn neighborhood, and Milwaukie, Oregon through the McLoughlin Boulevard corridor.
A recent cleaning has revealed the original colours and the arousal of the central figure.
2 is a public art work by artist Aldo Calo located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Woman with a Pearl Necklace by Johannes Vermeer is a seventeenth-century Northern European painting.
It is now in the National Gallery, London, United Kingdom.
Artwork placed on the exterior of the cab was printed in vinyl the same as per usual advertising procedures.
Lecture Hall, nicknamed LE on campus maps, is located at 325 University Boulevard in Indianapolis, Indiana in the United States.
A common greeting is "Eaha te parau api", or what's new?
The painting was completed in 1923 in Paris, France.
Daubigny's Garden, painted three times by Vincent van Gogh, depicts the enclosed garden of Charles-François Daubigny, a painter whom Van Gogh admired throughout his life.
It is located on a spot referred to in the 1950s by Churchill as "where my statue will go".
Monet at this time was early in his career, experimenting with method and subject matter.
It was excavated at 6.2 metres deep at Vinča, Serbia on the day of Vidovdan in 1930.
The Morning in a Pine Forest turned very popular, being reproduced on various items, including the "Clumsy Bear" chocolates by Krasny Oktyabr.
According to the William Waterhouse's website, this picture was painted in 1900 and is now part of a private collection.
He had the Yellow House in Arles furnished to settle there.
In Bellini's version, the treatment of dawn light has a more important role in giving the scene a quasi-unearthly atmosphere.
Farther to the left in the distance is a lofty conical hill, the top of which is hidden in cloud.
Morgan Monument is a public artwork by American artist Tom Ellinger, located at Decatur Cemetery in Decatur, Indiana, United States.
The print is part of the permanent collection of the Prince Takamado Gallery of Japan at the Royal Ontario Museum, Canada.
The statue sits on a marble slab 2.7 metres high at the head of Samora Machel Avenue, and is illuminated at night.
Portraits of subjects with one glove on and one glove off are common in Dutch 17th-century marriage pendant portraits.
It is one of many paintings by Chase that depicted his wife and children at ease.
In the sky above each figure is a separate crescent moon.
During the renovation of the Rembrandt wing of the Metropolitan Museum, the painting was retitled in November 2013 as Aristotle with a Bust of Homer.
View on the Amstel from Amsteldijk is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael.
Since 1898 its authenticity has been questioned several times.
They are now in the Musée du Louvre, Paris.
The Hippopotamus and Crocodile Hunt is an oil painting on canvas by Peter Paul Rubens.
The work was commissioned in 1937, by Amon G. Carter, a friend of Rogers, following Rogers death in 1935.
The work was once attributed to Filippino Lippi, master of Botticelli.
The sculpture is an abstract form; it is installed on the lawn.
The Crucifixion of Saint Peter is a work by Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio, painted for the Cerasi Chapel of Santa Maria del Popolo in Rome.
It is in the collection of the Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art.
In the right foreground lies his slouch hat.
Both the main painting, "Ansidei Madonna", and the predella "Saint John the Baptist Preaching", are located at the National Gallery in London.
The National Gallery of Australia had expressed a strong desire to purchase the portraits.
Catherine was the painter's only surviving child, and had been suffering from a paralyzing illness.
This sculpture was surveyed in 1994 as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
Subsequent exhibitions were held at the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool in 1951 and the Whitechapel Art Gallery in 1957.
The reliefs originally depicted events from the life and reign of Domitian, but were partially recarved following the accession of emperor Nerva.
Like many of Lichtenstein's works its title comes from the speech balloon in the painting.
Henri Fantin-Latour is further left, with beard, looking at the viewer.
Measuring 90x179 cm and 177x162 cm, it is signed "Laurentius / Lotus / P.[inxit]" at the base of the throne.
The cross is formed by two pieces of cedar wood with, at the center, a round disc.
Crown Fountain has been one of the most controversial of all the Millennium Park features.
The Madonna of the Quail is an International Gothic painting generally attributed to Pisanello.
The artist well understood the importance of this painting; Courbet said: "The Burial at Ornans was in reality the burial of Romanticism."
Aparajeyo Bangla is one of the most well known sculptures dedicated to the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971.
Susanna and the Elders depicts a scene from the biblical episode of Susanna, from the Book of Daniel.
485, 591 ; by Dutuit, p. 25 ; by Michel, pp.
The recording was well received by critics who praised the song for its "dance-floor friendly" sound.
The crowned and enthroned figure of Jesus Christ is pictured in the centre of the painting, to emphasize his spiritual headship of the Council.
George Washington is an outdoor sculpture by Henry Kirke Brown, located in Union Square, Manhattan, in the United States.
There is a quote/inscription on the wall that talks about the triumph of the Torah.
On his right Mary stands, and St. Jerome, to whom the altar was dedicated, is kneeling.
The Japanese Pagoda is a stone statue in West Potomac Park, Washington, D.C.
Saint Francis is connected to name of the committant and the devotion of his order towards Jesus.
Completed in 1638, the marble sculpture sits in the north-eastern niche in the crossing of St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City.
A Landscape with a Ruined Castle and a Church is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael.
Dead Christ Supported by Two Angels is a painting by Italian Renaissance painter Giovanni Bellini, created around 1460.
The Battle of Ostia is a painting by the workshop of the Italian renaissance artist Raphael.
A smaller copy of the painting made in the Rubens' workshop was owned by the Russian businessman Vladimir Logvinenko.
A large painting, it depicts a peasant market scene, with an abundance of meats and other foods.
All of them were first exhibited at the steps of the Palma Hall at the University of the Philippines Diliman.
The painting served as the cover artwork for the 1987 album I Am a Wallet by the British rock band Mccarthy.
It was given by van Gogh to his mother as a birthday gift.
The centerpiece of the clock is a relief of "Father Time Carrying Off Truth."
Within this period, he also designed the stage set for the play King Arthur by J. Comyns Carr that premiered in London in January 1895.
Le Boulevard de Montmartre, Matinée de Printemps is an oil on canvas painting by the French artist Camille Pissarro that he executed in 1897.
The Chicago Throwbacks were a team of the Premier Basketball League that begin play in fall 2007.
The work invites associations with sculptors like Henry Moore, Max Bill, Jean Arp, Brancusi and Alberto Viani.
It was commissioned by Alfonso Maria Visconti di Saliceto, who donated to the Pinacoteca di Brera after his death.
The Aaron Monument is a public art work by artist Brian Maughan.
Giorgio Vasari describes the two portraits as: "so natural that they seem truly living".
The sixth state, which is depicted on the right, has nothing inscribed on it but "William Hogarth, 1764" on the bottom.
The statue was unveiled on 20 March 1954 by Oba Akenzua II and is placed opposite the Oba's market in Benin City.
It was inspired by Lord Byron's play Sardanapalus, and in turn inspired a cantata by Hector Berlioz, Sardanapale, and also Franz Liszt's opera, Sardanapale.
The open door at the back shows a view of a canal with a stone bridge and a sunlit house.
A matter of weeks after painting this canvas, van Gogh cut off part of his own ear.
Maria is dressed in the height of late fifteenth-century fashion, with a long black hennin with a transparent veil and an elaborate jewel studded necklace.
It is housed in the Cappella Paolina, Vatican Palace, in the Vatican City.
This work illustrates the Madonna with a young Jesus accompanied by five angels.
The Battle of Lepanto is a famous painting by Filipino painter and hero Juan Luna.
The sum of the capitals, M, D, L, X, V, I, gives the date 1654.
The wildness and the misunderstood genius were key concepts in Romanticism and are very well portrayed in these two paintings by Delacroix.
The composition pivots around the Virgin, who occupies the centre of the scene.
At the same time, the theatrical posturing of the various nations may have helped to inspire the theatrical theme.
It is located on the Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis campus, which is near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana, and is owned by the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
C. van Heemskerck, The Hague, November 18, 1783, No.
The sculpture was installed in 1938 as one of four public artworks based on the theme of leisure activity.
Today four of the five original compartments are known, as well as some parts of the predella:
A copy is installed on the campus of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
The Landmark for Peace is a memorial sculpture in Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Park on the northside of Indianapolis.
The design of the unfinished creative work, which featured a 30-foot deer with a child's face, was met with a mixed reception.
This painting by Hooch was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1910, who wrote:
It is housed in the Galleria Sabauda of Turin.
The chapel is located in the Tower of Innocent III, in the most ancient part of the Apostolic Palace.
The statue is dated by archaeologists to between 500 and 700 AD.
The mosaic was the subject of a 1974 documentary film, The Gift: Four Seasons Mosaic of Marc Chagall, directed by Chuck Olin.
A Dawn In The West is a bronze statue in Arcadia, California, that depicts Elias J.
Patinier's religious subjects, therefore, incorporate precise observation and naturalism with fantastic landscapes inspired by the northern traditions of Bosch.
May Morris, daughter of William Morris, is ninth from top, holding a violin.
It portrays two people who had been identified as Rembrandt himself and his wife Saskia.
The stainless steel sculpture is an open circle that creates an orbit for two triangles; it is installed on the lawn.
A gift of Stilson Hutchins, a founder of the Washington Post, it was dedicated on January 17, 1889, at 10th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue.
Family of Saltimbanques is a 1905 painting by Pablo Picasso.
It was cast in Munich and the replica in Caracas was cast by the same foundry after the sculptor's death.
This may well be what is known today as the Palazzo Monaldeschi.
The portrait is in a camouflage-patterned foreground with a black background.
One of Giorgione’s last paintings, it is now displayed at the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
The delicate luminous colours combined with the barely visible brush strokes are typical of the artists work.
The Eight Views of Ōmi then became a popular subject for artists such as Suzuki Harunobu and Utagawa Hiroshige.
It is usually housed at the Menil Collection in Houston, Texas.
The original now hangs in the Sculpture Gallery at Chatsworth House.
Rick Amor is an Australian artist and figurative painter.
When Kokoschka painted the picture, poet Georg Trakl visited him almost daily and extolled the painting in his poem Die Nacht.
Flora is an oil painting by Italian late Renaissance painter Titian, dated to around 1515 and now held at the Uffizi Gallery in Florence.
Two Working Men are a pair of statues made by the Irish sculptor Oisín Kelly.
The scene contains elements of satire and symbolism, in common with Hogarth's other works.
Illusion is a photograph made by Australian-born landscape photographer, Peter Lik in 2013.
Merenda was from Cesena in Emilia Romagna.
GingerBread Lane is a non-profit seasonal display of a handmade gingerbread village prepared by chef Jon Lovitch.
The picture depicts four girls in the twilight collecting and raking together fallen leaves in a garden.
It was dedicated on August 24, 2010.
The memorial has been used as a reference point for gatherings.
The Storm is a painting by French artist Pierre Auguste Cot, completed in 1880.
The painting was bought in 1998 by Bill Gates, the then chairman of Microsoft.
They depict a scene of crowds visiting Mount Tempō in springtime to admire its natural beauty.
Orizzontale is a public art work by artist Aldo Calo located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
He fills the role of Actaeon, who accidentally saw Diana naked and was changed into a stag and torn apart by his own hounds as punishment.
Une fleur is a female nude painted in 1887 by the Croatian artist Vlaho Bukovac.
The sculpture depicts the Greek Athenian philosopher Socrates.
It depicts a Filipino man and a Filipino woman having a lovers' quarrel.
It is housed in the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica in Rome.
The painting is in the permanent collection of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City.
The finished study for this work is owned by the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, Merseyside, England, having been bought by the gallery in 1892.
It should not be confused with Young Woman Seated at a Virginal in the National Gallery, London, also by Vermeer.
Not to be confused with Louise Bourgeois' similar sculptures: Spider or Crouching Spider
The Angelus is an oil painting by French painter Jean-François Millet, completed between 1857 and 1859.
It was first presented as the backdrop to his live performance of Somebody That I Used to Know with Kimbra at the 2011 ARIA Awards.
Christ Crucified is a 1632 painting by Diego Velázquez depicting the Crucifixion of Jesus.
The Hunters in the Snow, also known as The Return of the Hunters, is a 1565 oil-on-wood painting by Flemish artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder.
“Tomorrow!” No need to give him time to change his mind!
The original painting shows the arrangement of paintings originally commissioned by Count de Stainville, later the Duke de Choiseul.
Those colours are "near stained glass or jewels", according to Gleeson White.
As such, Brueghel elevates their hard and mundane lives to something that is heroic, yet idyllic.
In chess, a double check is a check delivered by two pieces simultaneously.
Erwin Panofsky was mesmerized by the "strange lure emanating from the picture", and other commentators have admired its "hazy atmosphere of a waking dream".
The Madonna with the Christ Child and Saint John the Baptist is a 1506 painting by Raphael, now held in the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
Some wear velvet jackets and feather headdresses.
A Lady Writing a Letter is an oil painting attributed to 17th century Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer.
Derby's exhibition had a profound impact and was one of the factors leading to the foundation of the Museum and Library in 1878.
It was purchased by Steve Wynn at Christie's in December 2009 for £20 million, the highest price ever paid for a painting by Rembrandt.
On the right, the Mother holds her two daughters, and the servant is seen on the far right, in anguish.
It was bought by the Walker Art Gallery for £73.50.
In 1913, a USS Maine Monument designed by Harold Van Buren Magonigle was completed and dedicated in New York City.
This sculpture was created in 1978, and installed at IUPUI in 1980.
It came to epitomise the culture of heroic imperialism in late Victorian Britain and in British popular culture up to the mid-twentieth century.
The second London panel shows Three Miracles of Saint Zenobius.
Woman III is one of a series of six paintings by de Kooning done between 1951 and 1953 in which the central theme was a woman.
Bridge is a public art work by artist Peter Flanary.
Munch returned to this image throughout his whole life - he completed no less than 11 painted versions of Jealousy.
The Races at Longchamp is an 1866 painting by the French artist Édouard Manet.
Saint George is a Russian Saint George icon created in Veliky Novgorod before the Mongol invasion of Rus' in the 12th century.
As is usual of van der Weyden's female portraits, her hands are clasped tightly in prayer, while her expression is generally humble.
The original sculpture was installed at Regis College, University of Toronto, Toronto in early 2013.
Fortunately, this problem was overcome and the project was well underway through 1912.
The painting measure 81 by 64 centimeters and is now housed at Tate Gallery, London.
It is an example of the Metaphysical art style.
This location has been determined to be Singraven, part of Dinkelland near Ootmarsum, subject of meer paintings by Ruisdael.
The Wood Fountain is commissioned by IUPUI and completed in 1995.
She supported Nolan while he painted the Kelly series.
On the horizon is a steam train with a plume of white smoke billowing away from it.
b) Picture Gallery of Collegio Alberoni, Piacenza, dated 1472.
In the background, there is a high console table with a round mirror behind it.
It hangs in a corridor of the Descartes University in Paris.
He holds a sword next to his heart in his right hand and has a cape draped over his left arm.
The painting is derived from the Madonna of the Peace, a simplification for a less acculturated commissioner, perhaps a private family.
Denis Farr suggested that while the second version's larger scale gave it "a majestic quality which is highly effective", its svelte presentation lessened its shock value.
A centerpiece of Columbus Circle, Columbus Fountain serves as a tribute to the explorer Christopher Columbus.
ELECTED TO THE UNITED STATES SENATE 1801
The Gypsy Madonna is an oil painting, c. 1510, by Titian.
This example was cast around 1930, and dedicated on April 18, 1948.
In the left distance is a mountain.
The two ukiyo-e woodblock prints making up View of Tempōzan Park in Naniwa are half of a tetraptych by Osaka artist Gochōtei Sadamasu.
Since 1927 the piece had been in the collection of Gaston Lévy, an artist and acquaintance of Modigliani.
In a room floored with yellow tiles stands, to the left, a young woman, wearing a red jacket and a blue skirt.
Almost nothing is staged, which gives the created image special force of impact on the viewer.
It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
On the horizon is the outline of a locomotive, an image that recurs several times during this period of de Chirico's career.
It originally appeared in the Ladies Home Journal in December 1926.
Portrait of Jan Six is a 1654 painting by the Dutch painter Rembrandt van Rijn.
It has been part of the permanent collection of the Indianapolis Museum of Art since 1992.
The Funeral) is a painting by the German Expressionist artist George Grosz, completed between 1917 and 1918.
Ensueños de Amor, literally "Daydreams of Love", is a "dreamy" oil on wood painting by Filipino painter and hero Juan Luna.
St Jerome in the Wilderness is an unfinished painting by Leonardo da Vinci, now in the Vatican Museums, Rome.
It was designed by Helen Rose of MGM.
The Crucifixion of St Julia is a triptych by the Dutch painter Hieronymus Bosch.
The Portrait of Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Piero della Francesca.
The marble bust is on permanent display at the Art Gallery of Ontario.
Executed in a highly dynamic Cubist style, with multiple faceted views, the work nevertheless retains recognizable elements relative to its subject matter.
The whereabouts of the work remain unknown to this day.
The Sistine Chapel is in Vatican Palace, in the Vatican City.
A dark valley containing a crowd of people and herds of cattle fleeing in all directions occupies the lower third of the painting.
Heald Square is located in the Michigan–Wacker Historic District of Chicago's Loop community area.
Memory is an 1886–1887 marble sculpture by American artist Daniel Chester French.
