The Lance Todd Trophy is awarded to the annual Challenge Cup Final's man of the match.
Awardees may be nominated only by their graduate advisors.
The laureate must have shown outstanding capabilities in analysing and handling complex situations and in finding ways, even unconventional and creative ones, to defend Human Rights.
The winning novels will be translated into five languages.
Founded in 1994 by campaigner Tuppy Owens, the awards were first called the "Erotic Oscars", until the name had to be changed for legal reasons.
The awards ceremony was broadcast live through myx website.
Most of the times, the winner is announced out of nominations but sometimes the award is given without nominations.
This structure would still depend on the organizing committees and to Department of Education to ensure a higher standard for the campus journalists.
The category was reinstated in the 2010 ceremony.
In 1979, the Academy joined with Dick Clark Productions to produce the show.
This journalism contest is separately organized compared to Regional Schools Press Conference wherein the winners will advance to the National Schools Press Conference.
The The Frank H. Buck Scholarship was a scholarship offered by the Frank H. and Eva B. Buck Foundation.
See list of George Polk Award winners for award recipients.
It is given in honor of "the best performance featured in a game; from voice artistry through to motion capture".
Since its inception, the award category has had one name change.
The submissions are assessed in terms of the work's relationship to and impact on contemporary life.
Three conference members have never had a winner—Central Arkansas, Houston Baptist, and Incarnate Word.
Lewis Black, an American comedian, hosted the last three presentation ceremonies.
The accolade was established to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
In 2008, though, the award returned to its original name.
They are presented by theatreWashington, which is the unified voice of Washington theatre since the 1980s.
The nominees were announced on May 1, and the winners were voted by fans and a panel of MTV executives.
The first awards were presented in January 1979 with CSK Company winning the award.
The awards are decided by independent juries formed by the Department of Culture.
The Bobby Bowden National Collegiate Coach of the Year Award was a college football award given annually to the nation's best head coach.
Armenian Music Awards is an annual music awards ceremony first held at the Alex Theatre in Glendale, California on October 7, 1998.
In 1969 it was awarded as Best Contemporary-Pop Vocal Performance, Male
The show had an audience of 7.7 million.
The Australian Football League celebrated the best goal of the season through the annual Goal of the Year competition.
The awards were judged by 26 industry experts from New Zealand, Australia and Asia.
The ALA solicits book suggestions each to be accompanied by a brief statement in favor of the book.
He won the Lady Byng Trophy for sportsmanship and performance five times, and often spoke out against fighting in hockey.
Prior to the award ceremony, Professor Sir Paul Nurse performed a public lecture titled "Controlling the Cell Cycle".
It is presented annually in October by the Government Information Office, Republic of China.
The Nitro Nobel Gold Medal is an explosives industry award given by the Nitro Nobel Company of Sweden.
It has been given since 1956 and is granted by the Herb Good Basketball Club.
2010 Prize - Gregory Raddick, The Simian Tongue: The Long Debate about Animal Language ISBN 978-0-226-70224-7.
Namibia is trying to recover the money.
The formula used to calculate the final scores is a weighted sum of the votes.
Paul Couch of the Geelong Football Club won the medal by polling twenty-two votes during the 1989 VFL season.
After three awards ceremonies were held, the Awit Awards were discontinued in 1972.
The 2nd Society of Texas Film Critics Awards were given by the Society of Texas Film Critics on December 28, 1995.
Gigi was the biggest winner of the night, taking home two awards for Outstanding Legend and Outstanding Video Clip for "Bye Bye".
Official prizes often involve monetary rewards as well as the fame that comes with them.
The West Wing led all shows in major nominations and wins with sixteen and four.
Following its inception in 2004, no one was awarded in 2005 and 2007.
In addition to the winning poem, the Montreal Prize publishes, with Véhicule Press, the top 50 poems in a printed "Global Poetry Anthology".
Hemric, Len Chappell, Larry Miller, John Roche, Len Bias, Danny Ferry, Tim Duncan and J. J. Redick have won the award twice.
Additionally, second place prizes which go to the nine other acts on the Short List will increase from $2,000 to $3,000.
The Webb Ellis Cup is the trophy awarded to the winner of the Rugby World Cup, the premier competition in men's international rugby union.
In 2007 the event was broadcast live on BBC Radio Scotland for the first time.
Three winners—Walker, Terry Puhl, and Rob Ducey—are members of the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame.
As a junior officer in the Northern Light Infantry, Lalak Jan fought against India in the Kargil War of 1999.
The awards show was broadcast on the Trinity Broadcasting Network on October 18, 2015.
He also holds a record of taking most wickets and most player-of-the match awards in Twenty20 International cricket.
The ceremony was hosted by Aga Muhlach, Kris Aquino and Toni Gonzaga and directed by Al Quinn.
The ceremony was instituted in 2016, after the 2015 South Indian floods had delayed the event from December 2015.
These awards, sponsored by New Zealand Post, were established in 1997, though they have had three incarnations since they were first created in 1982.
The accolade was first presented at the eleventh Billboard Latin Music awards in 2005 to Puerto Rican singer Daddy Yankee for his album Barrio Fino.
The host was Chris Evans and the venue for the event was Earls Court.
Quincy Jones was the major recipient of awards with a total of five Grammys.
The only managers with more than one award are Andy Green and John Shoemaker, each with two wins.
Also, some winners devoted themselves to work with major disasters and tragedies.
Riky Rick lead with 8 nominations, followed by AKA with 7 nominations.
Beginning with the 18th Primetime Emmy Awards, leading actors in drama have competed alone.
From then on, recordings in this category fall under the Album of the Year category.
There is no limit on word count.
People who voted for the winners of the award included NCAA head coaches, members of the Maxwell Club, and sportswriters from all over the country.
Lenny Kravitz holds the record for the most wins in this category, with a total of four consecutive wins from 1999 to 2002.
Recipients receive a bronze medal, certificate and honorarium.
The 1997 Brit Awards were the 17th edition of the biggest annual pop music awards in the United Kingdom.
The Kalapi Award is an annual award given to Gujarati ghazal poets.
The Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal is an annual award "for the most significant Swedish sports achievement of the year".
Established in 2007, the award recognizes and promotes young Gujarati authors.
It is one of the Magritte Awards, which were established to recognize excellence in Belgian cinematic achievements.
The character B.D., in the Doonesbury comic strip, was originally based on and named after Dowling, a Yale classmate of cartoonist Garry Trudeau.
Actresses are eligible for the award whether they appear in leading or supporting roles in their respective programs.
Regina King, Jane Alexander, Judy Davis, Colleen Dewhurst and Mare Winningham won two awards, the most in the category.
The Royal Award provides further impetus to deepen the body of knowledge and cross-border application of Islamic finance.
The show was held in Nashville, Tennessee.
The first race was an 810-mile contest from Croydon Aerodrome, south of London, to Glasgow, Scotland and back again after an overnight stop.
The Pacific Music Awards are an annual New Zealand music award ceremony that honours excellence in Pacific music in New Zealand.
Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
Programs that have aired at least 15 original episodes for the calendar year are eligible to enter.
Two networks, A&E and AMC, received their first major nominations this year.
The nominees itself were announced on May 12, 2010, and the winners were voted by the public.
Recipients of this award receive a bronze medal, certificate, and honorarium
The Game Awards is an annual awards ceremony honoring achievements in the video game industry.
The Big Ten Conference Baseball Coach of the Year is a baseball award given to the most outstanding baseball head coach in the Big Ten Conference.
The Awards are presented each year at a prestigious awards ceremony held at the European Parliament in Brussels.
Thompson Products decided to sponsor a trophy to be awarded for the next ten years for unlimited class racing.
Starting with the 4th Annual Emmy Awards, nominations were considered on a national television network basis.
The 2000 Laurence Olivier Awards were held in 2000 in London celebrating excellence in West End theatre by the Society of London Theatre.
Born in New Southgate, London, England he emigrated to Sydney in 1918 and became the first Dean of Architecture at the University of Sydney.
Seventeen teams have won the Vanier Cup, while three others have played for the championship but never won.
The 2003 MTV Movie Awards was held on May 31, 2003 in Los Angeles.
Beyoncé had six nominations, including Best R&B/Soul Female Artist, and Pharrell Williams has five nominations, including Best R&B/Soul Male Artist of the Year.
‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Filmfare Award
The Magritte Award for Best Sound is an award presented annually by the Académie André Delvaux.
A Distinguished Student Award for graduate and undergraduate students was awarded from 1997 to 2007, and resumed in 2012.
David Suchet won the Emmy in 2008 for his performance as Robert Maxwell in Maxwell, a telefilm directed by Colin Barr.
The show was hosted by Brad Paisley & Carrie Underwood.
Since 1975, the awards have been given annually, usually in June.
Named for Henry Malherbe, who received the Prix Goncourt in 1917, it is awarded every year for an essay.
It is the novel counterpart of the Theodore Sturgeon Award for best short story, awarded by the same organization.
He has also worked in Radio Pakistan and on stage.
The 2005 medal was won by Richmond player Brett Deledio.
Other actress with multiple nominations are Elena Lyadova, Kseniya Rappoport and Oksana Fandera.
The ceremony was held on Monday, August 25, 2014, at the Nokia Theatre in Downtown Los Angeles, California, and was broadcast in the U.S. by NBC.
John Oliver hosted the ceremony on July 21 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
The award is handed out at the annual AACTA Awards, which rewards achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films.
Originally sponsored by Cooper Tire, ESPN went several years without a sponsor for the Bowl Challenge Cup.
A total of 61 actors have been nominated for a Citra Award for Best Leading Actor, 26 of whom have won at least one.
in 18 minutes or better, using any combination of strokes of the candidate's choice.
Days of Comedy is an international theater comedy festival in Kumanovo, Macedonia.
The World Food Prize Foundation is currently run by Kenneth M. Quinn, former U.S.
There have been two ties for player of the year in the award's history.
The award is a nickel and wooden tray depicting the path of Fox's 1980 Marathon of Hope run across Canada to raise funds for cancer research.
The winners are invited to deliver the Om Prakash Bhasin Memorial Lecture at a venue decided by the award committee.
The award is named after Alan Turing, a British mathematician and reader in mathematics at the University of Manchester.
The spacecraft represents continued growth of the aerospace industry.
Such contributions may consist either of a single outstanding publication or a series of publications that have had great influence in the field.
The first award for Best Rap Performance was presented to DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince for "Parents Just Don't Understand".
The 27th Daytime Emmy Awards were held in 2000 to commemorate excellence in daytime programming from the previous year.
In 2017, Pretty Boy / Dirty Boy by Colombian artist Maluma became the most recent award recipient.
Itchyworms won most of the awards with four.
The committee have the right not to award any of the nominees if they do not consider their achievements exceptional enough.
The following National Artist titles are known:
The Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre, more commonly known as the Tony Awards, recognize achievement in live American theatre.
Other winners were Arasi and Kolangal with five awards, Thangam with three awards and Sivasakthi and Metti Oli with one.
Just behind Drake are Big Sean with 10 nods, Kanye West and Nicki Minaj with 9.
This change resulted from the Art Director's branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences being renamed the Designer's branch.
Jury award is given by the chosen jury of critics assigned to the function while Popular Award is given on the basis of public voting.
Titanic earned the award for Best Director.
Fat Freddy's Drop were nominated in seven categories, including all three technical categories, and gained the Best Aotearoa Roots Album award.
Awards were presented to the shorts' producers during the first five decades of the award's existence.
The award was first presented to "Ven, Devórame Otra Vez" by Puerto-Rican artist Lalo Rodríguez.
As of 2015, the most recent winner John Calipari is the only head coach to receive the Rupp Cup twice.
Contribution can be in any area; most of the current inductees made their achievements in acting, entertainment, music, sports, art/architecture, broadcasting, journalism, science/education and literature.
The award is named in honor of late Dallas Morning News film critic Russell Smith.
Nominees must have demonstrated their ability to communicate by written material; public presentations; and/or the use of television, radio, or other social media.
In 2010 the awards were permanently cancelled.
Taylor Swift is the most awarded artist in this category.
They are run by the British Phonographic Industry and took place on 20 February 2002 at Earls Court in London.
Elvin Ng is the only actor to win in this category thrice, surpassing Xu who has two wins.
It is awarded by the Confederation of African Football in December each year.
Also actresses and actors are jointly nominated in this category.
The show was broadcast live in select cities and aired later in other areas.
It is given to honor an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the daytime drama industry.
Fawad Khan also hosted some parts of the show.
This was the fifth time the awards had been held in Germany, and the second time Frankfurt had been the host city.
Wooden garnered the most UPI Coach of the Year awards, receiving six throughout his tenure at UCLA.
At the present time, the winners are selected by the audience through an online survey.
It aired live on ABC at 8:00/7:00 PM Central.
The Okoye brothers won a total of 3 awards.
In 1986 all three awards programs chose the same Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actress.
The trophy was designed by Walter Sinz and is now at Air and Space Museum.
Winners in each category are in bold.
The Davisson–Germer Prize in Atomic or Surface Physics is an annual prize that has been awarded by the American Physical Society since 1965.
The program America: A Tribute to Heroes was simulcast on every major network, and therefore, is not designated with one below.
Below are the award ceremonies from each of the four years.
The accolade was established to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
The ceremony was hosted by Conan O'Brien  and was broadcast on NBC.
1500 people were present at the ceremonies.
To date, Retro Hugo awards have been awarded for 1939, 1941, 1946, 1951, and 1954, and the fanzine category has been included each year.
A new series, School of Rock, which is based on the 2003 film of the same name, premiered after the ceremony.
Dean Smith of North Carolina has won the most awards with eight.
The ceremony was hosted by Ellen DeGeneres and was broadcast on CBS.
The inaugural prize was announced 1 May 2012, on International Workers Day, at the Bread and Roses pub in Clapham, London.
The 2014 Country Music Association Awards was held on November 5, 2014 from the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee.
The Nebula Award for Best Novella is given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America for science fiction or fantasy novellas.
The winners receive a gold-plated statuette called a SAMA.
This happened in the Best Related Work category in 2015 and 2016.
The award is presented to Venturers who have acquired competence and skills that will be of considerable use to themselves, their company, and their community.
This was the 32nd edition of the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards.
The 2012 BET Awards were held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on July 1, 2012.
The graphics that appear on the cover must be an original work that was designed in Australia.
The award is similar to Major League Baseball's World Series Most Valuable Player award.
George Kahumoku, Jr. earned three awards as a producer, and Tia Carrere earned two as a performing artist.
The show was broadcast on Das Erste and was hosted for the first time by Schlager entertainer Helene Fischer.
By 1997, the Emmys had long included cable television programming, making the CableACEs redundant.
The nominees were announced on January 30, 2001 by Lucy Liu and Cary Elwes at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center.
Bruce Beresford, Rolf de Heer, Ray Lawrence, Baz Luhrmann, George Miller, Fred Schepisi and Peter Weir have received the award the most times with two each.
Canadian rapper Drake leads the nominations with 8 nominations, while Jay-Z, Pharrell and Future follow him with six.
It was presented as a special award, from 1971–1975, and was accompanied with a cash prize, before it became a competitive award from 1976, onward.
The 37th Annual Japan Record Awards took place on December 31, 1995, starting at 6:30PM JST.
In addition to the below awards, MTV gave lifetime achievement awards to Jim Carrey and Spike Lee.
It was traditionally awarded to American composers, frequently for an opera on an American subject.
This is the list of winners and nominees of the César Award for Best Production Design.
During the nineteen nomination years, twelve magazines run by fifteen editors were nominated.
Meanwhile, the Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony, hosted by comedian-actor Carlos Mencia, were presented eight days earlier on September 9.
The Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Actor is an award presented annually by the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority.
Bouchercon is an annual convention of creators and devotees of mystery and detective fiction.
The 38th Annual Young Artist Awards ceremony, honoring young performers of 2016, was held at the Alex Theatre in Los Angeles, California on March 17, 2017.
A Crafoord Prize in polyarthritis is only awarded when a special committee decides that substantial progress in the field has been made.
The World Communication Awards are organised by Total Telecom and their owners Terrapinn.
The Newron Sports Cup is the oldest professional inline hockey trophy in North America.
The BSFA Award for Best Artwork is open to any single science fictional or fantastic image that first appeared in the previous year.
The Gratiaen Prize is an annual literary prize for the best work of literary writing in English by a resident of Sri Lanka.
Votes are cast through online voting locations.
Jonathan Ong took home most of the awards with three.
The 5th Spacey Awards were presented on June 10, 2007 by the Canadian television channel Space.
In response, the NARAS created the categories Best Hard Rock Performance and Best Metal Performance, separating the genres.
With its motto "All the best stories are true", the prize covers current affairs, history, politics, science, sport, travel, biography, autobiography and the arts.
The Big West Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year is an annual basketball award given to the Big West Conference's most outstanding player.
This is a list of winners and nominees of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or Movie.
It was given in honour of variety show partners that was deemed as the most popular among the television audience.
The award nominations were announced on May 3, 2011.
Taylor Swift and The Weeknd led the nominations with seven categories, followed by Adele with five nominations.
The Academic All-America program recognizes combined athletic and academic excellence of the nation's top student-athletes.
The award was first given following the conference's first basketball season of 1976–77.
The second year, the event was held on July 23, 2009, at the Tennis Indoor Senayan, Jakarta, hosted by Raffi Ahmad, Ipank, and Fitri Tropica.
The only current Big South members without any winners are three of the four newest members of the conference—Presbyterian, Gardner–Webb, and Longwood.
Future UK Internet Awards are Internet awards issued to UK Internet Service Providers by Future Publishing.
In 2016, the name of the category was changed from Best Novella to Long Fiction.
Like the Fields Medal the prize is targeted at younger mathematicians, and only those younger than 40 on January 1 of the award year are eligible.
The Academy has cited a lack of eligible recordings in the female rock category as the reason for the mergers.
The awards ceremonies are held yearly in Manila, Philippines, on the fourth Wednesday of November.
If the finals series is a best-of-five affair, it is held before Game 3 of the series.
It was next given in 1908 and has been given every year since then.
The prize is the first Russian non-governmental literary award since the country's 1917 Revolution.
During the 2015–16 bowl games and 2016–17 bowl games, Progressive was the sponsor for the trophy.
The category was introduced in 2010, at the 16th Star Awards ceremony.
Managers from the 16 Pacific Coast League teams and media representatives in each city across the league vote for the winner of the award.
The St. Louis Walk of Fame honors notable people from St. Louis, Missouri, who made contributions to the culture of the United States.
Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the hum for Best Host.
Of the repeat winners, only Fred VanVleet of Wichita State won in non-consecutive years.
Its goal is to promote the artists and advance their career through an array of opportunities.
The 69th Annual Tony Awards were held on June 7, 2015, to recognize achievement in Broadway productions during the 2014–15 season.
Established in 1991, the awards are administered by the Committee to Protect Journalists, an independent, non-governmental organization based in New York City.
Among the luminaries who judged were Victor Hugo and Alexandre Dumas.
Upstairs at the Gatehouse's production of Avenue Q won London Fringe Production of the Year in December.
The Malaysian cartoon Upin & Ipin was disqualified because of fraud, and was replaced the Japanese cartoon Naruto.
The show was absent in 2007 and was discontinued since 2009.
An awards ceremony is held each spring and streamed live.
Established in 1959, it is one of Latin America’s oldest and most prestigious literary prizes.
Despite emotional turmoil, she went on to win bronze in Ladies' Figure Skating.
The 6th Annual Tony Awards, presented by the American Theatre Wing, took place at the Waldorf-Astoria Grand Ballroom, on March 30, 1952.
The winner of the “21st Century” award receives 750,00 rubles, while the “Contemporary Classic” laureate receives 900,000 rubles.
The next closest school, Saint Mary's, has seven.
The Academy Award for Best Director is an award presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
It is sponsored by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and administered by the College Board.
In 2012, Bringing King to China directed by Kevin McKiernan received the Grand Jury Prize, the festival's most highest honor.
The Inkwell Award, sometimes shortened to the Inkwells, is a trophy given in the field of inking in American comic books.
O'Donnell has hosted a total of three times: 1997, 1998, and 2000.
Performers included Bon Jovi, Nate Dogg & Warren G., Toni Braxton and John Mellencamp with Me'Shell NdegeOcello.
The prize is named for the collection of poems Gitanjali by Nobel-laureate Rabindranath Tagore.
The Juno Awards of 2016, honouring Canadian music achievements, were presented in Calgary the weekend of 2–3 April 2016.
The 5th Screen Actors Guild Awards, honoring the best achievements in film and television performances for the year 1998, took place on March 7, 1999.
The top shows of the night were All in the Family which won its third consecutive Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series, and The Waltons.
These changes bring the total number of categories at the 2014 Grammy Awards to 82, up from 81 at the 2013 Grammy Awards.
2004 - Raymond Tomlinson and David H. Crocker
In the following list, the first titles listed in gold are the winners; those not in gold are nominees, which are listed in alphabetical order.
The award was sometimes known by other names, such as “Outstanding Comedy-Variety or Music Program” and “Outstanding Variety, Music, or Comedy Series.”
Starting in 2009, the additional Player of the Year award was created to recognize the best overall player.
In 2013, the album Presente by Bajofondo became the first instrumental album to be nominated for Album of the Year.
The medal is named for Simon Ramo, one of the founders of the TRW corporation.
This resulted in a rule change, requiring nominees submitting for the category to have more than 5% screen-time on their respective projects.
No other team met all of the challenge's goals, so the planned third place prize was not awarded.
It returned to Nashville, Tennessee after being away for two years.
In the following year, the title was changed to Best Actress in a Supporting or Guest Role in a Television Drama or Comedy.
30 Rock was the top show of the night receiving five major awards, including the top prize.
Tejano acts Selena and La Mafia, Mexican bands Banda el Recodo, Bronco, Conjunto Primavera, and singer-songwriters Pepe Aguilar and Juan Gabriel, won the award twice each.
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Laurence Olivier.
Most awards are determined by the poll, except for the songwriting category which was chosen by RPM editor Walt Grealis.
Four were center fielders, three were left fielders, and two were right fielders.
The Citra Award for Best Supporting Actress is an award given at the Indonesian Film Festival to Indonesian actresses for their achievements in supporting roles.
From their inception to 2004, ESPY Award winners were chosen only through voting by fans.
It is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the Kannada film industry.
Poul Anderson and Harlan Ellison both have received the most Hugos for Best Novelette at three, while eight other authors have won twice.
The award was first given following the 1985–86 season, the first year the league competed in basketball competition.
Broadcast live on television by C4, the ceremony was hosted by comedian Dai Henwood.
It is a joint program of the National Institute for Computer-Assisted Reporting and Arizona State University's Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication.
The 2011 MTV Video Music Aid Japan were held in Chiba on June 25, 2011 at the Makuhari Messe.
Each national organization typically has a Ten Outstanding Young Persons program, which recognizes young people who exemplify the best attributes of that country's young people.
The author of each shortlisted book receives €2,500.
During this time, Joanne published several more books for and about children and welcomed seven grandchildren into the family.
The award was endowed by writer and academic James Duggins.
The Tejano Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony recognizing Tejano music musicians.
Nominations for the annual awards ceremony are announced in early November, with the ceremony itself taking place in early December.
She was followed by Carrie Underwood in 2007 and Zac Brown Band in 2010.
Manju warrier is the most frequent winner with five awards to her credit.
The Edelstam Prize is awarded for outstanding contributions and exceptional courage in standing up for one’s beliefs in the defense of Human Rights.
1998 - Linda Haggar and Fahey Younger - Lost due to war
This was the first year in which the awards were called the "GMA Dove Awards" since the 2006 edition was called the "GMA Music Awards".
Award recipients are determined by a secret ballot.
Lastly, Nine Inch Nails came in third with five nominations for "The Perfect Drug."
The award is named for Randolph Caldecott, a nineteenth-century English illustrator.
The Television Critics Association announced their nominees on May 27, 2014.
The IEEE Frank Rosenblatt Award is a Technical Field Award established by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Board of Directors in 2004.
The Gawad Urian for Best Film, is an award given by the Manunuri ng Pelikulang Pilipino to the best Filipino film of the year.
The Russ Prize, the Gordon Prize and the Draper Prize, all awarded by the NAE, are known collectively as the "Nobel Prizes of Engineering".
Gerald Murphy, Nancy Harris, Lisa McGee and Christian O'Reilly.
All winners were announced at the ceremony on December 9, 2015.
A highlights show was shown on ITV shortly after the live event ended.
Asian Paints Sharad Shamman is an excellence award given to the best decorated Durga Puja Pandal in Kolkata during the festival in October.
The 31st International Emmy Awards took place on November 24, 2003, at the Hilton Hotel in New York City, United States.
The award has been presented to artists or groups originating from Mexico each year to date.
9 out of 42 categories are based solely on sales figures, such as Album of the Year or Artist of the Year.
The FA England Awards is an award ceremony hosted by The Football Association.
Booklist and the Reference and User Services Association cosponsor the awards.
The Maxwell Club is located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the presentations are held in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
It was created for 1940 as a separate writing award from the Academy Award for Best Story.
1967 - Isidor I. Rabi, W. Bennett Lewis and Bertrand Goldschmidt
The Juno Awards of 2011 honoured Canadian music industry achievements in the latter part of 2009 and in most of 2010.
The 4Syte TV Music Video Awards were established in 2009 by 4syte TV to celebrate and award the best music videos in Ghana.
The Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Player of the Year is a baseball award given to the Atlantic Coast Conference's most outstanding player.
Paul Cox has been nominated seven times, more than any other director with one win.
The most recent award was made to Igor Raysky for The Horde.
Four films have seen multiple cast members receive nominations.
Six of the Peppers' nominations were for "Give It Away," and the remaining three went to "Under the Bridge."
NBC's telecast of the iHeartRadio Music Awards drew 5.4 million viewers overall and a rating of 1.7 in the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.
The list will then be released prior to the awards night, which is held during April or May.
The new Naismith Trophy was forged by Goldsmith master Günter Schoebel who came from Bad Kreuznach, Germany.
The Employee of the Month is a type of reward program given out by companies.
There is a 1 July deadline for nominations.
On May 10, Russell Brand was announced to host the 2012 show.
There are, however, some categories that are voted by the general public.
It is named after Croqsoc founder and inaugural club president, Daryl Wile.
Leading the nominees was Exo with five.
Judges for 2011 included the entrepreneurs Robert Craven, Lara Morgan and Colin Wilkinson.
§ – Indicates a performance as a guest performer, prior to the category's creation.
The Downtown Athletic Club's facilities were damaged during the September 11, 2001 attacks.
It was established in 1951 to honor W. Edwards Deming who contributed greatly to Japan’s proliferation of statistical quality control after World War II.
During the televised ceremony, awards known as "Millies" are given out.
The People's Choice Awards is an American awards show, recognizing the people and the work of popular culture, voted on by the general public.
The 2014 Pradhana Vizha is a television award ceremony held in Singapore by Vasantham TV.
The original Mercurio D'oro awards were given by an association of Italian journalists to Italian individuals and companies.
The 2002 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to Jimmy Carter "for his decades of untiring effort to find peaceful solutions to international conflicts".
Laureates living under repressive regimes include the Belarusian Association of Journalists, Damas de Blanco and Guillermo Fariñas, Alaksandar Milinkievič and Hu Jia.
However, the union chose not to picket the Juno Awards broadcast.
The National Endowment for the Arts, every year honors up to seven jazz musicians with Jazz Master Awards.
The award is presented at the One World Film Festival, the world's largest human rights film festival.
The 18th Annual GMA Dove Awards were held on 1987 recognizing accomplishments of musicians for the year 1986.
2 Face Idibia, Banky W., Waje, Nikki Laoye, Mode 9, Dr SID and Kcee all went home with a plaque.
The nominees were announced on May 18, 2015.
It was lead into by a double episode of The Thundermans.
The award was first given following the 2000 season, with both pitchers and position players eligible.
The Neustadt International Prize for Literature is a biennial award for literature sponsored by the University of Oklahoma and its international literary publication, World Literature Today.
The category was divided the following year, and ever since there have been two awards presented for male and female singers separately.
The nominations were announced on May 1, 2014.
while maintaining a consistent pace and work-to-rest ratio.
Each year, the winning driver is presented with a miniature replica during a reception in January, about seven months after the race.
Since 2011 new sponsor is Russian Telecom Equipment Company.
This award has been presented annually since 1988 for outstanding contributions to the integration of computers and communications.
Birdman was the DFWFCA's most awarded film of 2014, taking five top honors.
The Tokyo Sports Film Award for Best Foreign Film is an award given at the Tokyo Sports Film Award.
The Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership is annual prize awarded to a former African executive Head of State or Government.
The exception is in the early 1980s as well as 2002, when there were only two nominees; and in 1999, when there were four nominees.
The Mountain Leader Award does not cover winter conditions for which there is a further qualification - Winter Mountain Leader.
The most recent winner is 2017 laureate Robert Adam of ADAM Architecture, who was officially presented the prize March 25, 2017 in Chicago.
All teams must launch by the end of 2017.
In 1997, Dave Miley won the final American Association Manager of the Year Award.
They were presented on July 15, 2015 and hosted by actor and comedian Joel McHale from the Microsoft Theater in Downtown Los Angeles.
Mexican performers Camila, Ana Gabriel, Juan Gabriel, and Luis Miguel, and Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira received the award twice.
In 2014, the prize package was expanded further, to $100,000 for the winning author and $10,000 for each of the shortlisted authors.
Second place went to Terry Madeira of Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania, who misspelled propylaeum.
The name College Book Bucks was used in its second year.
Puerto-Rican singer singers Rivera, Prince Royce, and Elvis Crespo, awarded three, four, and two times, respectively, are the only multiple winners beside Anthony.
It was founded in 1999 following the demise of the NCR Book Award and based on an anonymous donation.
Frequent winners of this award are Aparna Sen, Madhabi Mukherjee, Rituparna Sengupta, Suchitra Sen, Debashree Roy(3 awards each).
The competition is designed to allow college students the opportunity to transform ideas into real products with actual results.
Would-be hosts Molotov hosted this special and played live on a public concert in Playa del Carmen.
One of the festival highlights is the parade of floats at the opening of the festival.
The FAMAS Award is one of the highly distinguished film award bodies in the country.
The César Award for Best Documentary Film is an award presented by the Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma since 1995.
Before its introduction, the rock categories were separated by gender and ensembles, with an additional award for Best Rock Album.
The situation is designed to emphasize communication skills, victim care, removals, and follow-up including contact with EMS.
Division "R" races were held from 1946 to 1949; Division "J" races were held from 1951 to 1961, excepting 1952 and 1960.
Don Jazzy and Dr SID both took home an award.
It took place on October 20, 2012, at the Eko Hotel and Suites in Victoria Island, Lagos.
The awards were established by the will of John Stewart of Rannoch, who died on 19 July 1884.
Instead, he presented an award to the actor who replaced him on Stargate via an extended art film parody of My Dinner with Andre.
Recipients of this medal receive a gold medal, bronze replica, certificate and honorarium.
It is sponsored by the Contemporary Arts Educational Project, Inc., in loving memory of Anna Fahrni, and by the publisher Green Integer.
Gender-specific awards were once again presented from 1986 until 1991.
Fans can vote online for their favorite DVD and Blu-ray releases in categories selected by the show's judges.
The judging panel decides the placing of the prizewinners from first through sixth.
The Silver Logie for Best Australian Drama was an award category presented at the Australian TV Week Logie Awards, to recognise an Australian drama production.
The 2015 Radio Disney Music Awards were held and filmed on April 25, 2015, at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, California.
The ceremony was televised in Japan on TBS.
They stemmed from an idea of the late Gavin Jones.
Northumbrian Water however insist they are "the leading environmental company in the North East", having "invested some £2 billion on environmental and service improvements since 1990".
The trophy is one of three Gordon Bennett awards: Bennett was also the sponsor of an automobile race and a ballooning competition.
The 2008 Brit Awards was the 28th edition of the biggest annual music awards in the United Kingdom.
Recipients of this medal received a gold medal, bronze replica, certificate and honorarium.
It was awarded annually by the Association of Tokyo Film Journalists as one of the Blue Ribbon Awards.
They were first given in 2007, and have been awarded every year since.
Robinson has the highest number of nominations without winning.
The Mainichi Film Award for Best Art Direction is a film award given at the Mainichi Film Awards.
LSU has the most all-time winners, with six.
Each of the original 1953 ACC members have had at least one of their coaches win the award.
These awards were presented at St. Lawrence Hall in Toronto on 23 February 1970.
The 2010 XBIZ Awards were held in at the Avalon in Hollywood.
It was instituted in 1960 and is awarded to people for their outstanding service to the country.
Get Smart won three major awards, while the most nominated show was the anthology drama CBS Playhouse with nine, it also won three major awards.
The Hochi Film Award are film-specific prizes awarded by the Hochi Shimbun.
The award was broadcast on the Radio Disney network.
Among them are fashion designers Yuliya Polishchuk, Mona Hamid, singers Marios Tofi, Heidi Anne Burford, artists Karim Theilgaard, Krish Nightstar, model Claudia Camarena and many others.
Then institutions apply to be the host: any "library school, department of education in college or university, or a children's library system".
Winners in each category are in bold.
The 1996 Golden Globes were the first edition of the Golden Globes.
Multiple nominations for an actor in same category but for different work is eligible.
The cut-off date for eligibility in the 2007–08 season was May 7, 2008.
The first awards were given in 1995.
Belinda Peregrin was the most nominated female artist of the year.
It is awarded by the President of Kosovo.
Robert Harvey of the St Kilda Football Club won the medal by polling twenty-six votes during the 1997 AFL season.
The main ceremony took place at the MTS Centre and was televised on CTV.
The recipients of the award have been:
In lieu with its founding vision, the goal 2017 is to reward young innovative people and inspire a
Winners are presented with the "golden popcorn" statue, made by New York firm, Society Awards.
The award is named for Ann Elisabeth Connor Brimer.
Jinny Ng performed the song live on stage.
The 1996 medal was won by West Coast player Ben Cousins.
Some prizes are also associated with extravagant awarding ceremonies, such as the Academy Awards.
The show is based on the US MTV Movie Awards format celebrating local film and actors.
The inaugural StarHub TVB Awards were held on 29 January 2010.
Grade point averages are determined using a straight grading scale to ensure consistency among institutions.
Awards 2008 were held in London, England, on 21 August 2008 at The Brewery in Romford and were hosted by Anthrax guitarist Scott Ian.
The ceremony was held at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, and was televised live by TNT.
Presenters on the night included Joss Stone, model Lily Cole, R.E.M.
The awards original sponsors include Ladbrokes, Virgin Publishing, Butler and Tanner and WH Smith.
The ceremony was hosted by Carol Cheng, Amigo Choi and Jerry Lamb.
§ – Indicates a performance as a guest performer, prior to the category's creation.
The continued sponsorship by publishers such as HarperCollins and Orbit has identified the award as an honour to be taken seriously.
The 21st Awit Awards were held on November 26, 2008 at the Eastwood Central Plaza located in Eastwood City, Quezon City.
The current award holder is Mike MacIntyre of the Colorado Buffaloes for 2016.
It is named for Nobel Prize–winning physicist James Chadwick.
Upstairs, Downstairs, also in its final season, won its third Outstanding Drama Series Award in four years.
Adrian Jackson said at the time, "The Bells will put the spotlight on the Australian jazz industry that it has never enjoyed before.
Lil Wayne received the most nominations with eight.
The mark tied the overall record held by comedy series M*A*S*H and Cheers.
As of 2015, Larry Carlton and Booker T. Jones are the only musicians to receive the award more than once.
The Prize is widely regarded as the most prestigious award available in fields which are traditionally not honored with a Nobel Prize.
It is one of the three AIM award events, recognise and honouring Malaysian based talents.
The Asbury Park Music Awards is an Asbury Park, New Jersey, USA annual award ceremony that recognizes musicians for their work.
The trophy was designed by design firm Pentagram and crafted by the Polich Tallix fine art foundry of Rock Tavern, New York.
The awards, which began in 1991, were renamed after the Haimos in 1993.
Nine outfielders have won the award, the most of any position.
This page lists the winners and nominees for the British Academy Television Award for Best Comedy Performance, since its institution in 1994.
The Joseph V. Paterno Award was a coaching award that was awarded to Frank Beamer in 2010.
The award is given to a woman in even-numbered years and a man in odd-numbered years.
The Montreal International Poetry Prize is a biennial poetry competition based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Also, advances in airplane technology, especially the advent of the turbojet, complicated matters.
Gloria Gaynor and producers Dino Fekaris and Freddie Perren won the Best Disco Recording award for the song "I Will Survive".
Rapahel will be awarded by the Academia Nacional de la Música en México for his 50 years or career.
While the definition of "alternative" has been debated, the award was first presented in 1991 to recognize non-mainstream rock albums "heavily played on college radio stations".
The awards have attracted the attention of publishers by setting down a benchmark in science fiction and fantasy.
It features the same-named prize awarded for the best album from New Zealand.
From 1984 to 1989 it was titled the Grammy Award for Best Gospel Performance, Female.
Professor Tuula Teeri accepted the award on behalf of Professor Petteri Nisunen.
There have been 18 unanimous winners, who received all the first-place votes.
The Dubai International Holy Quran Award is an annual award given for memorization of the Qur'an sponsored by the government of Dubai.
The recipients receive a gold medal, together with a replica in bronze, a certificate and an honorarium.
The award is named in honor of Robert F. Sibert, the long-time President of Bound to Stay Bound Books, Inc. of Jacksonville, Illinois.
This year marked the introduction of yet another new category with the addition of Best R&B Video ballot.
† - indicates the performance also won the Filmfare Award
2012 Prize - Martin Rudwick, Worlds before Adam: The Reconstruction of Geohistory in the Age of Reform ISBN 978-0-226-73128-5
The first Redbox Movie Awards were given in 2011.
From 1984-2010, the award was handed out by the Australian Film Institute, the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards.
Green won the award in consecutive years.
The judges may declare a "no award" if there is unanimous agreement that none of the nominees are worthy.
The show was televised live on February 12, 2009 on Fox at 8 p.m. EST at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California.
As of 2012 the most recognised actor at the IFF is Deddy Mizwar, who received ten nominations beginning with Bukan Impian Semusim in 1982.
The Mnet Asian Music Award for Artist of the Year is a daesang award presented annually by CJ E&M Pictures.
It was webcast live at the nzherald.co.nz, and later broadcast on the Rialto Channel.
The Lifetime Achievement Award was presented to television producer Bill Geddie.
The events used to be hosted by the Persatuan-Persatuan Kebudayaan mainly in Singapore to recognise excellence in the film industry especially Malay films.
James Harris Simons and William Thurston were the first ones to receive it for works in geometry.
Feature film Whale Rider dominated the awards with nine wins, and short film Two Cars, One Night won three of the four short film prizes.
Coaches and media of the Big Ten also make annual selections for additional individual honors.
It is awarded to solo artists, duos or groups.
The Humanitas Prize is an award for film and television writing intended to promote human dignity, meaning, and freedom.
Pre-vote favourite, Gary Ablett and sentimental favourite, Matthew Richardson finished equal third on twenty-two votes.
It is awarded to a performer for an outstanding "continuing or single voice-over performance in a series or a special."
Comedian and star of Hangin' with Mr. Cooper, Mark Curry was slimed.
The Tejano Music Awards are annually presented in San Antonio, Texas, though the ceremony was presented in other host cities such as Eagle Pass, Texas.
The 1st Magritte Awards ceremony was held in 2011 with Jonathan Zaccaï receiving the award for his role in Private Lessons.
The NAB AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the Australian Football League.
Additionally, the Foundation also recognizes individuals who demonstrate outstanding support for the NFF and its mission of promoting the game of amateur football.
The 35th Annual Japan Record Awards took place at the Nippon Budokan in Chiyoda, Tokyo, December 31, 1993, starting at 6:30PM JST.
The award was first given following the 1997 season, with both pitchers and position players eligible.
There were 315 books nominated for the 2011 award in the fiction category.
The 8th National Television Awards ceremony was held at the Royal Albert Hall on 15 October 2002 and was hosted by Sir Trevor McDonald.
This was the final year where winners were selected by genre-specific panels of judges.
Michael Jackson was honoree for posthumous award for Entertainer of the Year.
In 1981, King Khalid received the same award.
The Academy Award for Documentary Feature is an award for documentary films.
Country performer and multiple Juno Award winner Paul Brandt received the 2008 Humanitarian Award which is now named after CHUM-FM Radio founder, Allan Waters.
In 2008, the Engel and Findley Awards were discontinued and merged into the new Writers' Trust Engel/Findley Award.
They held the first award ceremony in 1993, at a small club on Main Street in Asbury Park called the T-Bird Cafe, owned by Stamper.
The annual Premios MTV Latinoamérica 2006 took place on October 19, 2006 in Mexico City at Palacio de los Deportes for the first time.
The Edmund White Award is an annual literary award, presented by Publishing Triangle to honour debut novels by writers within the LGBT community.
To be eligible, the recording must have been commercially released.
Additionally, live albums are eligible if they contain at least 51 percent of new unreleased material released within the eligibility period.
No performer has won a Moonman in this category for working on their video's effects.
During the 53 nomination years, 67 artists have been nominated; 27 of these have won, including co-winners and Retro Hugos.
Since 2010, the award has been separated in two categories, Jury Award and Popular Award.
The Hugo Awards are a set of awards given annually for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year.
It has been called "the most important award of its kind" in Cuba.
Nomination information can be found on the websites of the Atlantic Book Awards and the Writers’ Federation of Nova Scotia.
If the prizewinning publication is a translation, the prize may be shared between the author and the translator.
It is one of the Magritte Awards, which were established to recognize excellence in Belgian cinematic achievements.
When Stephanie had her first son, everything changed.
Davido and Mafikizolo received the most nominations with four each.
Law & Order remains the only non-serialized winner since 1981.
The Louis Armstrong Award, or sometimes the King Bee Award, is the "top senior jazz award" or highest level interscholastic award given to a musician.
The Filmfare Best Actress Award is given by the Filmfare magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Kannada films.
In 2003, Techung won the best modern and traditional music award.
The awards were established in 1969 and awarded until 1972 when they were cancelled, but subsequently revived in 1987.
Alabama's is thus also called the "Porter Loving Cup".
The awards go to one Canadian and one international poet who writes in the English language.
In 2008 Adjovi allegedly accepted [US]$2.5 million for the 2008 Awards to be hosted by the Cross River State Government.
It was the 60th presentation of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award.
The award is annually given to one contemporary musician and one classical musician.
Macy Gray wore a dress with a promotional message, instructing viewers to buy her new album.
Funniest Music Short: Lonely Island, I Just Had Sex
She also holds the record for the most wins in the category, with three.
Beginning in 2001, award recipients included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.
Whole collections of work that has been published elsewhere previously are ineligible as is work published by the BSFA.
Notable alumni include computer scientist and entrepreneur Larry Page, actor James Earl Jones, and President of the United States Gerald Ford.
It is the oldest and most coveted medal in this field of engineering in the United States.
† - indicates the performance won the Tony Award
The Wilson Cup is the championship and trophy awarded annually to the Ontario University Athletics men's basketball champion.
Shania Twain was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame.
It was first awarded at the 19th Annual TV Week Logie Awards, held in 1977 when the award was originally called Most Popular Australian Drama.
The award is administered and voted on by the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association.
The 1999 MTV Movie Awards were hosted by Lisa Kudrow.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1980.
The Screen Awards, is an annual awards ceremony held in India honouring professional excellence in the Bollywood Film Industry.
From the 1976 Australian Film Awards, the award became competitive, and has been given as such since then.
It is named after Japanese animator Noburō Ōfuji.
Redzone Pictures and adult video producer Phil Black organised the awards to promote the industry in the UK.
Madonna's videos have received the most nominations with twelve.
However, the ceremonies have also been hosted in Miami and Las Vegas.
It was hosted by Ben Stiller and Janeane Garofalo.
The Rebel is given annually by DeepSouthCon, a bidded convention held in different states of the former Confederacy.
André-Philippe Gagnon was the host for the ceremonies, which were broadcast on CBC Television.
The awards ceremony took place on 7 October 2010 at Vector Arena, Auckland.
The artists with the most awards won were Tinie Tempah and Arcade Fire, with two wins each.
The awards are co-sponsored by the Houston Film Commission, Southwest Alternate Media Project, Women in Film and Television/Houston, WorldFest, and the Houston Cinema Arts Society.
The 2012 APRA Silver Scroll Awards were held on Thursday 13 September 2012 at the Auckland Town Hall, celebrating excellence in New Zealand songwriting.
This award category was eliminated in 2014 and replaced by the gender non-specific category, Most Popular New Talent.
The award was first presented to Mexican singer Vicente Fernández in 1992.
Laureus World Sportsperson of the Year with a Disability
Simmons, along with winning his third MAAC Player of the Year award, was also the consensus National Player of the Year in 1990.
The ASTRA Award for Favourite Personality is an award presented at the ASTRA Awards since 2004.
Despite this, it is considered the first winner by the Academy.
Instrumental recordings or cover songs are not eligible.
The award was first presented to Soul Asylum and Björk in 1996.
From 1976–2010, the category was presented by the Australian Film Institute, the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards.
The 3rd Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association Awards, given in January 1998, honored the best filmmaking of 1997.
NBC's ratings juggernaut Shōgun received eight major nominations, but only won one, for Outstanding Limited Series.
The Columbus, Ohio division was founded in 1964.
Juanes won three awards including Best Rock Solo Vocal Album.
The ceremony is held each year in December at SETTV headquarters in Neihu District, Taipei.
Primary consideration shall be given to applications in the public interest."
The awards have been sponsored by Reliance Mobile, Univercell and Close Up.
Three artists have won three times: Shaun Tan, out of four nominations; Charles Vess, out of five; and Michael Whelan, out of nine.
In 1998 Shelly Lares won for the first time since she was initially nominated in 1986.
The Silver Logie for Best Drama Program is an award presented annually at the Australian TV Week Logie Awards, to recognise an Australian drama production.
Kurt Cobain, frontman of grunge band Nirvana, was honored this night after his death on April 5.
The winner of the Edelstam Prize can be a private person or a person who serves in government, international or national organisations.
It is awarded annually by the Association of Tokyo Film Journalists as one of the Blue Ribbon Awards.
This award was discontinued in November 2009.
They were first given in 1966 at a ceremony created for the awards, and are given in four categories for different lengths of literary works.
The awards ceremonies will held theme for "Dahsyatnya Tanpa Batas".
He is known for his aggressive batting style, and previously held the record for the fastest ODI century in 37 deliveries.
The MTV Asia Awards 2005 and MTV Asia Aid 2005 in Bangkok hosted by Alicia Keys.
These are the Knights and Members of the Royal Order of the Seraphim:
Fatin Shidqia was the biggest winner of the night, taking home two awards for Favorite Solo Singer and Slime Star.
In her acceptance speech, Tina Fey thanked the Screen Actors Guild for its support of the WGA.
The World Branding Awards is an international award presented to some of the best global and national brands for their work and achievements in branding.
Following the 1000th episode on July 23, 2012, Raw became a three-hour broadcast from two hours, a format that had previously been reserved for special episodes.
In 1959 the award was known as Best Engineered Record
They have also been referred to as the "critics' circle awards for porn".
He tied his own record winning five awards again five years later in 2008.
The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest.
As the Tony Awards cover Broadway productions, the Obie Awards cover Off-Broadway and Off-Off-Broadway productions.
Miguel Bosé is the most nominated performer without a win, with five unsuccessful nominations.
The awards were established in 1955, with acting awards being given without making distinctions between roles in plays and musicals, or actors and actresses.
The Prodigy were the big winners of the night winning 3 awards including Best Video.
The award requirements and process is described in Air Force Instruction 36-2805, Special Trophies and Awards.
The George Munger Award is presented to the NCAA Division I college football coach of the year by the Maxwell Football Club.
The awards offer prizes in four categories: alternative, animation, documentary, and narrative.
This is the list of winners and nominees of the César Award for Best Sound.
Foy also served as the Faculty Secretary, the key faculty officer for ODK, for both circles.
The new format would be scrapped for the traditional one the following year.
The nominees were announced on December 16, 2010 by Rosario Dawson and Angie Harmon at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center's Silver Screen Theater.
There is no age limit or nationality requirement.
It is endowed with up to 1.2 million Euro for a proposed research project for six years.
The award is $5,000, a medallion and a citation.
The rules for the Jessie Awards are set forth by the Jessie Review Committee each year, which applies for each season only.
The award purports to equally recognize the personal character of the winning player as well as his athletic excellence.
The award, reserved for songwriters, was first presented to English musician Sting in 1992.
It became the IEEE Medal of Honor when IRE merged with the American Institute of Electrical Engineers to form the IEEE in 1963.
It has been awarded since 1917, when its first recipient was Major Edwin H. Armstrong.
Originally, Warner Music Group was reported to be considering hosting its content on the service after it launched, but formed an alliance with rival MTV Networks.
These sports are recognized by the NCAA, but do not yet have fully sanctioned status.
The award is named in honor of Frank Newman Speller, a Canadian-born American metallurgical engineer notable for his pioneering text on corrosion .
The award is limited to the citizens of Pakistan who have done great services to Pakistan.
From 1960 to 1965 a further award was presented for Best Engineered Recording - Special or Novel Effects.
A two-hour concert was held right after the awards ceremony.
The show was held in Nashville, Tennessee.
Until the registration is closed, appeared 48 films of various genres.
The award was founded in 1980 by Giuseppe Valentino.
In 1989 Joanne was already an expert on children's play and toys with her books, Kids & Play and Buy Me!
The awards honour British people who have acted bravely or extraordinarily in challenging situations and are presented by Carol Vorderman.
The ceremony was sponsored by the League of New York Theatres in conjunction with the American Theatre Wing, which had previously solely arranged the ceremony.
After successful syndication's of channel programs like talk shows, reality programs, dramas, sitcoms, daily soaps, Hum officially set this awards its annual event.
The Foundation announces the monthly winner on the second Wednesday of each month.
Diamantbollen was established in 1990 and was given out in cooperations between SvFF and magazine network until 2000.
Opening the ceremony was the famous 1970's band Earth, Wind & Fire with a comedic version of "September", in collaboration with The Black Eyed Peas.
Kanye West received the most nominations with seven.
He is followed by Jay-Z with three wins and six nominations.
The 54th Annual Tony Awards was held at Radio City Music Hall on June 4, 2000 and broadcast by CBS.
Tormé holds the record for the most nominations, with six.
Past hosts for the show include such R&B luminaries as Luther Vandross, Dionne Warwick, Patti LaBelle, Will Smith, Vanessa Williams, Taraji P. Henson, and Gladys Knight.
Due to poor reception and execution of the show, the IAWTV halted its production of the award ceremony and formed their own Web TV awards presentation.
Peter Bergman has been nominated on 20 occasions, more than any other actor.
Charmaine Sheh is the third actress to win a second Best Actress Award, leading with Liza Wang and Sheren Tang.
Launched in October 2013 [2] with the first ceremony held in London in 2014 [3]
Star Awards is considered the television equivalent to the FAMAS Awards and Awit Awards.
These students attended colleges and universities throughout the United States, as well as international educational institutions.
Crichton Medal is the name given to the best and fairest award for the Australian rules football team, the Essendon Football Club.
The Veblen Prize is now worth US$5000, and is awarded every three years.
The winners received a trophy, which was a stand with a large glass "play" button.
It was separated into two categories—Most Improved On-screen Performance Award—Drama and Most Improved On-screen Performance Award—Non-drama, to individually recognize actors and variety presenters.
The Olivier Awards are the most prestigious theatrical awards in the United Kingdom and are the UK equivalent of the Tony Awards.
Publishers and authors are honored at a luncheon ceremony at the PSP Annual Conference in Washington, DC.
Hughes, unlike the other three who each won twice, was awarded the Player of the Year on three occasions—a feat that has never been duplicated.
Corporations and institutions must have their headquarters in the United States.
Anthony Geary won its seventh win in the Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series category.
Jonathan Strahan is the only person to have won the award multiple times, with four wins.
Due to the relatively small crop of categories, no show received more than two major awards.
Stevie Nicks holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with five.
The 8th Vijay Awards ceremony honouring the best of the Tamil film industry in 2013 was held on 5 July 2014 at Chennai.
The awards are announced in June every year.
It was founded by Mike Faulkner, Basil Preuveneers and Jacqui Wellings in September 2012.
In addition, the winner receives a sum of money, which is worth US$1.2 million from 1 October 2015.
American singers Nelly and Eminem received the awards for Best Male Rap Solo Performance.
The March of Dimes Prize in Developmental Biology is awarded once a year by the March of Dimes.
was first given out in 1984, at the inaugural ceremony.
No other artists have won more than once.
The Amadeus Austrian Music Awards is the annual awards ceremony for excellence in the Austrian music industry.
The World Fantasy Awards are given each year by the World Fantasy Convention for the best fantasy fiction published in English during the previous calendar year.
The award is presented by the Maxwell Football Club.
It was first awarded at the 1st Soap Opera Digest Award ceremony in 1984.
Bucknell claims the most awards while Holy Cross and Lehigh are tied for second with five.
As of the 2017 ceremony, Casey Affleck is the most recent winner in this category for his role as Lee Chandler in Manchester by the Sea.
This was the sixth MTV Asia Awards.
The Founders Cup Finals is held annually to crown the league playoff champion in the Pro and Minor divisions at the end of each season.
The Australian Football League celebrates the best mark of the season through the annual Mark of the Year competition.
The awards have attracted the attention of publishers by setting down a benchmark in science fiction and fantasy.
His starring roles in action films earned him nicknames such as "Action King" and "He-Man".
Nominations are made by Hum members who are songwriters and composers, and the winners are chosen by the Hum membership as a whole.
The nominees of the two remaining categories are chosen by specialist panels:
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
The equivalent award known as Most Promising New Classical Recording Artist was first presented to André Watts at the 6th Grammy Awards in 1964.
The award was established in 1987 and named after Johnny Unitas, who was nicknamed "The Golden Arm".
The 25th International Emmy Awards took place on November 24, 1997, at the Hilton Hotel in New York City, United States.
Located on the corner of Flinders and Denham streets, the Gallery has a collection of over 2,000 artworks and hosts touring national and international exhibits.
This accomplishment has not been matched since.
Best Rock Album was reintroduced in 2010 at the 11th Annual Latin Grammy Awards.
Prag Cine Awards are presented annually by Prag News, a satellite television channel from Assam.
Carole King was honored in 2014 and was followed by Bob Dylan.
The event was hosted for the first time by Hugh Jackman.
Day of Rock at Virgin Megastores in London.
First presented in 1997, the award was named in memory of American poet and cultural theorist Judy Grahn.
It is financed by Conaculta in partnership with Fondo de Cultura Economica and the Guadalajara International Book Fair, where the award will be presented.
Since 2004 winners have received a personalized trophy, while since the inception of the award a permanent trophy has recorded all of the winners.
Several new awards have been introduced, and currently eight awards are presented.
In Canada, it is shown on Global.
Below is a list of Oscar-winning short films.
A parallel set of awards for young people aged 19 and under, known as the eir Junior Spiders, was established in 2009.
They should be recognized by their peers as scientists who have made significant contributions in their professional fields.
Together, the three army groups comprised the Allied effort on the Western Front which at its longest stretched from the North Sea to Switzerland.
The Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Coach of the Year is a baseball award given to the Atlantic Coast Conference's most outstanding coach.
The event was co-hosted by Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick.
Recover and immobilize a face-down breathing victim with a suspected cervical spinal injury found in deep water.
This happened in the Best Fancast category in 2016.
It fought against censorship laws, attempted to defend the industry against prosecution for obscenity, and held an annual adult film awards ceremony.
It was held in Los Angeles, California by Billie Jean King's The Women's Sports Foundation from 2006-2009.
The award was first presented at the 2014 Grammy Awards ceremony to Edie Brickell and Steve Martin, the songwriters of the awarded song.
The first award was made in 1996 to David Malouf for his English language novel Remembering Babylon.
Sunrise in Baku was an international fashion project held on 28 February 2009 in London, UK.
Kelley was the creator and head writer for both series champions, Ally McBeal and The Practice.
Of current Big Sky members, only the two schools that joined in 2012, North Dakota and Southern Utah, have never had a winner.
Voting is done via SMS and online.
Originally the name was IEEE Control Systems Science and Engineering Award, but after 1991 the IEEE changed it to IEEE Control Systems Award.
The 12th Asianet Film Awards, honors the best films in 2009 and was held on 16 January 2010 at Chandrasekharan Nair Stadium, Thiruvananthapuram.
The show was hosted by Sarah Sechan and David Bayu Danangjaya.
Gary Ablett of the Gold Coast Football Club won the medal for the second time by polling twenty-eight votes during the 2013 AFL season.
Myx Music Awards 2015 is the 10th installment of the Myx Music Awards.
The Finnish Television Academy organizes the Golden Venla competition and gala.
It was also a 23% advance over the 5.76 million who saw the 2006 ceremony.
The Juno Awards of 2007 were hosted in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada on the weekend ending 1 April 2007.
Simplemente El Jefe – The Hometown Boys
Quality management ensures that an organization, product or service is consistent.
The 5th Lux Style Awards ceremony was held in Expo Center in Karachi, Pakistan.
The trophy was to be a collaboration between twenty-one supporters groups, representing supporters of eleven of the twelve then-current or announced NASL clubs.
The award is for novels published in the year preceding the judging of the prize.
The Angus Book Award is a literary award for UK authors of teenage fiction.
Although the winner of the RSUA Bronze Medal is generally also nominated for the RIBA equivalent, no student has ever won both prizes.
In 2014, Fidelity Investments became the presenting sponsor of the Campbell Trophy, with its official name becoming The William V. Campbell Trophy, presented by Fidelity Investments.
"‡" indicates an Academy Award-nominated performance that same year.
It is presented at the annual conference held by the National Institute for Computer-Assisted Reporting.
The 2009 Kerala State Film Awards were presented to the best of Malayalam Cinema released during the year 2009 in 16 categories.
The award is named after botanist Matthias Jakob Schleiden.
Sporting News established the Pitcher of the Year Award in 1944.
Other multiple winners include: David Frost, John Legend, Lady Gaga, Jay-Z, and Jeff Beck with three awards each.
The Tulu Cinemotsava 2015 is an award ceremony for Tulu films.
The Gusi Peace Prize is a private award given by the Gusi Peace Prize Foundation, based in Manila, Philippines.
The third edition was held on 1 January 2017.
Anugerah Sukan Negara is an annual award ceremony in Malaysia, organized by National Sports Council of Malaysia since 1966.
The SAY Award is an award given annually for an outstanding album produced by a Scottish artist.
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
The Othmer Medal commemorates chemist Donald Othmer, a researcher, engineer, inventor, philanthropist, professor, and co-editor of the Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology.
Beginning in 2012, norteño recordings will be eligible for the newly formed Grammy Award for Best Banda or Norteño Album category.
The award has undergone several name changes, originally honoring actresses in leading and supporting roles.
Of current Big Ten Conference members, six schools have never had a winner: Iowa, Maryland, Nebraska, Northwestern, Penn State, and Rutgers.
The actors or actresses in the film will not accept this award unless he or she produced the film.
Trebek also has been nominated on 28 occasions, more than any other host.
Madonna opened the show with a speech about Jackson.
In 2013 the show was shown on BET.
The accolade was established to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
The MTV Russia Movie Awards is the first event of such kind, featuring local and international actors and movie celebrities being honoured by Russian viewers.
Both are among the SoCon's newer members, having respectively joined in 2008 and 2014.
Beginning in 2001, award recipients included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.
As of the 2017 ceremony, Steve Harvey is the most recent winner in this category for his hosting duty on the syndicated game show Family Feud.
Coolbaugh died after being hit by a line drive while working as a first-base coach in a minor league game.
Conducted annually by the American Advertising Federation, the local Ad Club phase is the first of a three-tier, national competition.
The William C. Morris YA Debut Award is an annual award given to a work of young adult literature by a "first-time author writing for teens".
WTF I Love This Award: Nyan Cat
The TR35 is an annual list published by MIT Technology Review magazine, naming the world's top 35 innovators under the age of 35.
The Bill Whitehead Award is an annual literary award, presented by Publishing Triangle to honour lifetime achievement by writers within the LGBT community.
Scientists and mathematicians of all nationalities are eligible for the award.
The 48th Annual Tony Awards was broadcast by CBS from the Gershwin Theatre on June 12, 1994.
It later returned in the 2003 ceremony.
The 1996 Laurence Olivier Awards were held in 1996 in London celebrating excellence in West End theatre by the Society of London Theatre.
As of 2015, Eminem holds the record for the most wins in this category, with six.
The award was first awarded in 2003 under the title TV Child Artiste of the Year for a performance by either sex.
The 1998 Kids' Choice Awards occurred on April 4, 1998.
Gloc-9 leads other artists of having the most number of nominations with seven nominations.
The award was discontinued after the 2011 awards season in a major overhaul of Grammy categories.
Nicki Minaj and Chris Brown lead the nominations with six each.
The Globes de Cristal Award is an award bestowed by members of the French Press Association recognizing excellence in home art and culture.
The second most belong to Southern Mississippi with three.
The accolade recognizes outstanding performers of Tejano music, a German polka-based Latin music genre recorded in Spanish or English-language.
It is awarded once per year by the Austrian Science Fund on behalf of the Austrian Ministry for Science.
The 2016 winner of the Doak Walker Award was D'Onta Foreman of Texas.
The Oscar Robertson Trophy is given out annually to the outstanding men's college basketball player by the United States Basketball Writers Association.
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
The 24th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 24, 1982, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, and were broadcast live on American television.
It echoes the practice of the top European soccer leagues in which the team with the best record is the champion.
In the past 19 years, 19 titles have been honored with the award.
The Grammy Award for Best Gospel Vocal Performance, Female was awarded in from 1984 to 1990.
The award is sponsored by DHL Express, as part of their role as logistics partner of the sport.
The winners were announced on July 28, 2012 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in a ceremony hosted by Bryan Cranston.
All inductees were either born in the Greater St. Louis area or spent their formative or creative years there.
The statuette was designed by Louis McManus, who modeled the award after his wife, Dorothy.
N-Peace is a multi-country network of peace advocates in Asia seeking to advance Women, Peace & Security issues.
The 2003 Brit Awards were the 23rd edition of the biggest annual pop music awards in the United Kingdom.
Phelan spent his entire 49-year coaching career at MSMU, compiling 830 wins in 1,354 games.
The Adolph F. Rupp Trophy was an award given annually to the top player in men's Division I NCAA basketball until 2015.
‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Tony Award
The albums are all listened to and they're all judged on creative merit.
Midnight Youth were finalists in seven categories, and secured awards for Best Group, Best Rock Album and Best Engineer.
The most nominated art directors are Tom Foden, Charles Infante, and Laura Fox with four nominations each.
The Chauvenet Prize is the highest award for mathematical expository writing.
Cousins herself was one of the event's big winners, winning three awards for her album We Have Made a Spark and its single "Go First".
After the Allan Cup was later donated for that purpose, Grey instead made his trophy available as the "Canadian Dominion Football Championship" of Canadian football.
The 48th Annual Japan Record Awards took place at the New National Theatre in Shibuya, Tokyo, on December 30, 2006, starting at 6:30PM JST.
Ross Browner of Notre Dame was the only two-time winner.
It is the first ever Kids' Choice Awards for the UK Nickelodeon.
Each industry is given its own set of creative awards in annual ceremonies that have predominantly been held in Chennai and Hyderabad.
2008 Prize - Hannah Landecker, Culturing Life: How Cells Became Technologies ISBN 978-0-674-02328-4
It is named after former MLB shortstop Luis Aparicio, who is the only player from Venezuela to be inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
It was discontinued after the 2011 Grammy season.
This is a list of winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Special Visual Effects for each year.
The Ted Hendricks Award is given annually to college football's top defensive end.
The show was hosted by Brad Paisley & Carrie Underwood.
Game, won a gold medal at the 2014 Children's Literary Classics Awards.
The fourth awards only had three categories, and thus three awards were given.
Hosts were Lauren Bacall, Angela Lansbury, Anthony Quayle and Anthony Quinn.
The 19th Annual Japan Record Awards took place at the Imperial Garden Theater in Chiyoda, Tokyo, on December 31, 1977, starting at 7:00PM JST.
Bread and Roses is a phrase from the Bread and Roses strike of 1912 among textile workers in Lawrence, Massachusetts.
A total of 4 pitchers have won the MVP Award.
Agnes Monica, Afgan, Cinta Laura, and Raffi Ahmad led the nominations with two categories.
The Benjamin Franklin Award is an award for Open Access in the Life Sciences presented by Bioinformatics.org.
In keeping with tradition, a number of Pakistani as well as international artists performed at the event.
The 30th Annual GMA Dove Awards were held on March 24, 1999, recognizing accomplishments of musicians for the year 1998.
Entries were initially restricted to British designs using aero engines of less than 150 horsepower.
The 1994 Brit Awards were the 14th edition of the biggest annual pop music awards in the United Kingdom.
All other winners took one award each.
The 23rd TCA Awards were presented by the Television Critics Association.
In addition, Lee has been nominated on seven occasions, more than any other comedian.
In 1973, the award was renamed after Clemente following his death in a plane crash while delivering supplies to victims of the Nicaragua earthquake.
Hathaway won her 3 Grammy's back to back in 2015 and 2016 and 2017.
There would not be a situation similar to this one at the VMAs until the 2009 edition.
David Langford has received the most number of awards, with 21 wins out of 31 nominations.
The audience at the Gibson Amphitheatre, however, were cheering after Silverman stated that Paris was going to jail very soon.
The third interview with Ram Chiang, Benz Hui and Louis Cheung for the Male Awards categories.
The Tewaaraton Award has received the endorsement of the Mohawk Nation Council of Elders.
The chapter also participates in judging Emmy entries at the regional and national levels.
Notable athletes who were given this award include Rafael Nepomuceno, Bong Coo, Eric Buhain, Lydia de Vega, Efren Reyes, Manny Pacquiao and Hidilyn Diaz
John Backus was the developer of FORTRAN, for years one of the best known and most used programming systems in the world.
From 2000 to 2003 two separate awards, the Best Salsa Album and Best Merengue Album, existed for salsa and merengue recordings respectively.
The ceremony recognized the best recordings, compositions, and artists of the eligibility year, which runs from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2012.
Similar to other awards, like the Oscars and the Grammys, the over 40 categories of the Image Awards are voted on by the award organization's members.
The 2014 West End Frame Awards began in March when The Book of Mormon was voted Funniest West End Show.
The 17th Daytime Emmy Awards were held on June 28, 1990, on ABC, to commemorate excellence in American daytime programming from the previous year.
The Big Ten Conference Women's Basketball Player of the Year is a basketball award given to the Big Ten Conference's most outstanding player.
In the first season of competition, 5,600 photographers were involved from 99 countries, in the second - 19 thousand people from 121 countries.
The 2005 New Zealand Music Awards took place on 5 of October 2005 at the Aotea Centre in Auckland.
Four current Big 12 members have yet to have a winner: charter members Baylor and Texas Tech, and 2012 arrivals TCU and West Virginia.
Each of the original 1953 ACC members has had at least one of its players win the award.
The Artist category has been awarded annually since 1975.
The Razzie Award for Worst Actress is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst actress of the previous year.
The ceremony was broadcast on local television station WCBS-TV in New York City.
The Liberian Entertainment Awards is an annual awards show, recognizing Liberians at home and in the diaspora for their outstanding contributions to the Liberian Entertainment Industry.
The awards started in 2008, similar to the Game Developers Choice Awards.
Since 1966 the award is sponsored by a pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Aventis.
The award was first presented at the 1974-75 awards as a film prize which included a cash reward of $A1000.
The ARY Film Award for Best Choreography is an ARY Film Award that is awarded each year to the best choreographer.
Mendadak Dangdut and Detik Terakhir follow behind, with the receiving of nine and seven nominations.
Puerto-Rican American performer Olga Tañón holds the record for the most awards with 13, out of seventeen nominations.
The Golden Venla Awards recognize the year's best Finnish television programs, their creators and performers.
For the first time in Emmy history, all major categories were split into genre-specific fields, this would become standard for later ceremonies.
The Doolittle Trophy is a bronze form melding an aerodynamic shape, a stylized spacecraft, and a winged human figure.
Obama accepted the prize in Oslo on December 10, 2009.
Puerto-Rican American performer Chayanne have received three awards.
The award was last presented in 1990 and the category was renamed Best Alternative Video the following year.
It also features artist profile screenings of filmmakers working in these media and hosts educational film workshops.
The Prize is one of three Kyoto Prize categories; the others are the Kyoto Prize in Advanced Technology and the Kyoto Prize in Basic Sciences.
Some were given only infrequently and many were limited to particular studios or groups of companies.
The awards, given in seventeen different categories, were instituted to award the best of 2008.
His work consists of all the languages of Pakistan.
The BSFA Awards are given every year by the British Science Fiction Association.
The program is produced and aired by the Indonesian television station, Global TV .
Other performers included Pussycat Dolls, The Black Eyed Peas, Robbie Williams and Foo Fighters.
The award was first given following the 1981–82 season.
The hosts were Jane Alexander, Henry Fonda and Liv Ullmann.
The jury may not nominate prospective honorees, nor are self-nominations permitted.
The award is presented at the annual AACTA Awards Luncheon, which hand out accolades for technical achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films.
The ceremony recognized the best recordings, compositions, and artists of the eligibility year, which runs from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2014.
The Cooperative Children's Book Center is a children's literature library of the School of Education, University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Nineteen outfielders have won the MVP Award, the most of any position.
The prize, which consists of €5,000, is presented to the director of the winning film at an official ceremony in Cannes.
The Eddie Robinson Award is awarded annually to college football's top head coach in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision.
Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the hum for Best Telefilm.
The awards were aired on MuchMusic, CP24, E!, MuchHD and Fuse.
This year also eliminated the categories of "Most Desirable Female" and "Most Desirable Male."
The IEEE Medal for Innovations in Healthcare Technology was established by the IEEE Board of Directors in 2009.
‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Tony Award
• John M. Higgins Award for Best In-Depth/Enterprise Reporting
(Main source : The interallied victory medals of world war I by Alexander J. Laslo, Dorado Publishing, Albuquerque.
The 60th Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards was held on January 8, 2009 at the 2009 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
Taped excerpts from the awards were broadcast on a special edition of CBC Radio's The Entertainers on 23 March 1973.
The nominations were compiled by the results of Mediabase charts, listener feedback and digital straming data from the iHeartRadio platform and announced on March 26, 2014.
The awards recognized the most popular artists and albums of 2013.
The awards were first presented in 2013 at a ceremony held at the Karachi Expo Centre.
The Razzie Award for Worst Director is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst director of the previous year.
The ceremony was hosted by Boy Abunda, Tin Tin Bersola-Babao, Jean Garcia, Toni Gonzaga and Joey Marquez and directed by Ding Bolanos.
The show was held in Nashville, Tennessee.
The Game Developers Choice Awards are awards annually presented at the Game Developers Conference for outstanding game developers and games.
The 13th Asianet Film Awards honors the best films in 2010 and was held on 9 January 2011 at Willingdon Island in Kochi.
The Award is offered by the American Chemical Society, and consists of a cash prize and a medal.
Each year, certain awards are presented before the main ceremony at the Streamys Craft Awards.
In 1972, Mike Reinbach won the first ever Southern League MVP Award.
Recipients of the award receive a medal, a certificate and a prize of £1,000.
It also became the first non-anthology drama to receive at least ten major nominations.
Fall Out Boy was one of the performers.
The medal is only awarded if a candidate of sufficient quality is nominated.
Only two books were shortlisted in 2010.
Both categories will return, while the Best Blues Album category will be discontinued.
From 2000 to 2015, the award category was presented as Best Brazilian Pop Contemporary Album and was changed to its current name in 2016.
The show is produced and hosted by Geoff Keighley.
Beginning with the 22nd Primetime Emmy Awards, supporting actresses in drama have competed alone.
The Sporting News established the award beginning in 1963.
Michigan State has the record for the most winners with eight.
The BSFA Awards are given every year by the British Science Fiction Association.
Only once, in 2012, the award was given separately to a male and female personality.
The John Cotton Dana Awards are presented at a reception hosted by EBSCO during the American Library Association's annual conference.
Named after the Gandhanra aka Flying Apsaras, the award stature shape is sourced from the ancient painting of Flying Apsaras in Mogao Caves, Dunhuang.
The first laureate was Peter Brook who received the prize on 31 August 2008 during the Ibsen Festival at the Nationaltheatret.
The prize is awarded biennially at the American Finance Association's Annual Meeting.
Puerto-Rican American singer Jerry Rivera is the most nominated performer without a win, with five unsuccessful nominations.
The criteria were later altered, requiring that the actor be aged 25 or below.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1973.
The top part of the newly created Naismith Trophy has a lotus flower design.
In 1989, Radio Televisyen Malaysia in collaboration with SALEM made Anugerah Bintang Popular available for live broadcasting.
She would beat her own record in 2005.
Diamantbollen, Swedish for The Diamond Ball, an annual award for Sweden's best female football player.
In addition, the network's Facebook page also allowed voting via the Facebook accounts of 'fans' of the channel for the first time.
The Seoul International Drama Awards, also known as SDA, is an annual award show for excellence in television drama production based in Seoul, South Korea.
Of the 89 films that have been awarded Best Picture, 63 have also been awarded Best Director.
The Prize Laureate is expected to deliver a lecture at the United States Naval War College on the occasion of the award.
Lefebvre and Rohn won the award in consecutive years.
By the end of the ceremony, Wonder Girls won the most wins and became the first artist/performer to receive 3 wins, which included one daesang award.
As of 2013, this category was merged with the Best Banda or Norteño Album category which had been created in 2012.
In attendance were over 900 television and news media industry executives, news and documentary producers and journalists.
First basemen, with 11 winners, have won the most among infielders, followed by third basemen and second basemen and shortstops.
The 2012 Ron Evans Medal will be awarded to one of the 23 nominees.
The awards promote fair and accurate portrayals of Latinos.
The honor was presented for additional years until being discontinued before the 1967 ceremony.
Gilberto Santa Rosa holds the record for most nominations, with nine.
People of Australian origin dominate the list, but European-born Australian citizens have also been recognised.
Smokefreerockquest is an annual music competition for intermediate and high school bands throughout New Zealand.
At present there are eight judges on the panel:
The awards are selected by member vote, similarly to the Hugo Awards, and cover work in both English and French.
The APRA Music Awards ceremony highlights were broadcast on the MAX network on 26 June 2013.
He retired from ODI cricket in November 2015.
The Applause Award is an international award given out by Liseberg, a world-famous theme park in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Finally, Professor Edmond Fischer handed over the Presidential Emblem to Professor Sir Colin Blakemore, a founding member of the council.
The qualifying jury is constituted of internationally renowned artists, authorities, and members of the World Cultural Council.
The idea originated with J. K. Moir, a book collector and member of the Bread and Cheese Club.
Recipients of this award will receive a special crystal sculpture that represents the concept of total internal reflection, a scroll, and an honorarium.
Aalto University President, Professor Tuula Teeri and Mr. Tommi Grönlund received the Leonardo da Vinci World Award of Arts during the ceremony.
The show was held in Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by Marilyn McCoo and Glen Campbell.
For the first time, all voting and entries for the awards were made online via a dedicated web site.
Although players are usually located in close proximity to their franchise locations, some players travel long distances to compete in the league.
Recipients of this award receive a gold medal, a bronze replica, a certificate and an honorarium.
In October 2010 Amazon.com announced it would be underwriting the prize with a $25,000 grant.
Newcomer girl group 2NE1 lead the nominations with 4 counts, followed by label-mate G-Dragon, soloist Baek Ji Young, and boy group 2PM with 3 each.
AMAS Awards is the official music award in Asturias, held every year since 2005.
The 1st Magritte Awards ceremony was held in 2011 with Joffrey Verbruggen receiving the award for his role in The Boat Race.
This event is held at the end of each year.
The Hull-Warriner Award is an award bestowed by the Dramatists Guild of America.
2014–present: Best Comedy and Comedy Entertainment Programme
Known primarily by its acronym, It began in 1957 as the brainchild of Dr. W. Lindsey Thompson and Billy Holcomb.
Juanes was the night's big winner, winning 5 awards including Album of the Year.
With this in mind, it was decided not only to rename each of the categories, but also the entire [genre] field.
The 2010 XBIZ Awards were held in at the Avalon in Hollywood.
The 2009 New Zealand Music Awards was the 44th holding of the annual ceremony featuring awards for musical artists based in or originating from New Zealand.
The award was first presented to Joan Sebastian in 2007 for the album Más Allá del Sol.
The final results are decided by online voting and a panel of professional judges.
It has grown from a small function of around 20 people to a two-day event attended by over 200 people.
The prize is named after the famous Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.
The awards have attracted the attention of publishers by setting down a benchmark in science fiction and fantasy.
The award for Best Actor went to Dayo Wong, the first actor to receive the award with an unfinished drama series as his recipient.
The awards ceremony features performance by artists.
It was first awarded in 1989 and has been given annually since to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
The awards are presented annually by the Houston Film Critics Society based in Houston, Texas.
The delegates decide and resolve the editorial outline and elect the President.
After receiving the Diamond Film, Paul Verhoeven says about Black Book:
The awards from 1955 through 1958 did not include any recognition of runner-up artists, but since 1959 all five candidates have been recorded.
These awards for "extraordinary accomplishment in film" are presented annually by the Houston Film Critics Society based in Houston, Texas.
During the 39 nomination years, 192 authors have had works nominated; 51 of these have won, including co-authors and Retro Hugos.
The 26th annual Midsouth Emmy Awards were held in Nashville, Tennessee on March 17, 2012.
The 14th Daytime Emmy Awards were held in 1987 to commemorate excellence in daytime programming from the previous year.
The winner of the prize is announced from a whittled down shortlist during the Brooklyn Book Festival every other year in September.
Daft Punk and Pharrell Williams were nominated twice for both Album of the Year and Record of the Year.
The Golden Lion is the highest prize given to a film at the Venice Film Festival.
Starting in 2016 this award was replaced with the Best FIFA Football Coach Award.
The award is presented in Little Rock, Arkansas at the Downtown Rotary Club.
In 2014, Elypse by Camila won this award and was nominated for Album of the Year.
The winning album, Karkwa's Les Chemins de verre, was the first French language album to win the award.
The ceremonies will also be broadcast on 8 International and the second ceremony on Toggle, Astro AEC and Astro Quan Jia HD.
The awards recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1972.
The primary ceremonies were televised in Japan on TBS.
Co-founded by UCLA film graduates and film-industry veterans, John J.
In 1932, the award returned, going to Jigger Statz.
The last time this had occurred was two decades prior in 1990 and 1985, the first time the award was handed out.
The award was first given following the 1979–80 season, the first year of the conference's existence.
Beginning with the 22nd Primetime Emmy Awards, supporting actors in comedy have competed alone.
Don Jazzy, Flavour N'abania and Wizkid all got four nominations each, while Olamide, Patoranking, Chidinma and Oritse Femi followed closely with three nominations.
As for the category of Best, will be selected by a jury that has been appointed.
Ceremonies of the 21st Golden Melody Awards were held at the Taipei Arena in Taipei, Taiwan on June 26, 2010.
Ten winners of the Golden Spikes Award are members of the National College Baseball Hall of Fame, including Bob Horner, the inaugural winner in 1978.
It is held annually on December 31.
Selva Selvaratnam is a British businessman born in India.
Kanye West was presented the award four times, and the duo known as Outkast received the award twice.
‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Tony Award
Not to be confused with awards and nominations received by Imran Khan, the American-Indian actor.
No awards have been made since 2000.
In 2012, Darío Grandinetti became the first actor in Latin America awarded an Emmy Award.
The award was created by Georges Cravenne, who was also the creator of the César Award for cinema.
This prize is awarded in memory of Marcel Linsman, distinguished University Professor.
In 2003, the awards show left Los Angeles and moved to Las Vegas at the Mandalay Bay Events Center through 2005.
The Laval Rouge et Or defeated the Calgary Dinos 31–26 to win their ninth championship.
Kendrick Lamar and J. Cole are up for 8 awards.
The Leonard Medal honors outstanding contributions to the science of meteoritics and closely allied fields.
The "Service Show" award categories were renamed the "Lifestyle" categories.
Notable people who have been a part of the jury include game design guru Ernest W. Adams and the father of MUDs Richard Bartle.
The most nominated performer is Mexican singer Luis Miguel with eleven nominations that resulted in three wins, including his consecutive awards for Aries and Segundo Romance.
Pioneer Korean studies scholar James Palais is commemorated in the name of this prize.
It would be the only animated show to accomplish this feat until 2009, when Family Guy was included in the expanded comedy field.
For its fourth season, Seinfeld won its first, and only, Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series.
The first ceremony was held at the MediaCorp TV Theatre while the second ceremony was held at Suntec Singapore International Convention and Exhibition Centre.
The 1996 Kids' Choice Awards occurred on May 11, 1996.
In 1983, Betty White became the first woman to win the award.
The World Fantasy Special Award—Non-professional has been awarded annually since 1975.
Ablett won the award with thirty votes, eight votes ahead of 2004 medal winner, Chris Judd.
The 2015 Maya Awards is an award ceremony honoring the best Indonesian films of 2015.
Despite the category's name, actors appearing in many episodes of a miniseries were included.
The award was established in 1997 and first awarded the year thereafter.
Ross Smith of the St Kilda Football Club won the medal by polling twenty-four votes during the 1967 VFL season.
Liu's wife was put under house-arrest before the decision of the Nobel Committee was announced.
The award replaced the more generic Outstanding Talk Show category, which in 2007 was split into two different categories: this award and Outstanding Talk Show Entertainment.
He was born on 13 November 1932.
Along with Berlin's Teddy Award and Venice's Queer Lion, the Queer Palm is a major international film award dedicated specifically for LGBT cinema.
In 1967, Jack Tighe won the first ever International League Manager of the Year Award.
The 21st National Television Awards were held at The O2 on 20 January 2016.
The nominees were announced on January 15, 2004 by Andie MacDowell and Mark Harmon at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center's Silver Screen Theater.
He was a past president of the Institute of Radio Engineers, and the first general manager and executive director of the IEEE.
This award is a new category in the annual Grammy Awards ceremony from 2012.
Santana was the main recipient with eight Grammys, tying Michael Jackson's record for most awards won in a single night.
The nominees and winners are determined and selected by a majority vote from the public via telephone and SMS text voting.
The Fund was founded 1998 on the occasion of the 800th anniversary of Ibn Rushd's death.
The last pitcher to win was Jack Smith in 1962.
It was first awarded at the 42nd Annual TV Week Logie Awards in 2000, and is given to honour an outstanding Australian children's television program.
The Magritte Award for Best Supporting Actor is an award presented annually by the Académie André Delvaux.
As of 2016 ceremony, Resham is the most recent winner in this category for her role in Ishq Ibadat.
The MTV Romania Music Awards 2006 were presented on June 3 at Sala Sporturilor Horia Demian in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.
The 2013 CMT Music Awards is a music award ceremony that was held on June 5, 2013 at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee.
The NCAA owns the trademark to the terms "Elite 89" and "Elite 90".
1903 – Richard Assmann and Arthur Berson, Germany
The nominees were determined by a team of judges employed by MediaCorp; winners were selected by a majority vote from the entire judging panel.
Nominees were announced on 16 October through a mobile app for Android.
Performing artists do not receive the award, except if they are also the surround engineer or the surround sound producer.
The Harry Sunderland Trophy is awarded annually to the man of the match in the Super League Grand Final.
Honorees are selected by the National Endowment for the Arts, and ceremoniously presented the award by the President of the United States.
The year indicates the year of release of the film.
The award is named in honor of late Dallas Morning News film critic Russell Smith.
The Young and the Restless has also received the most nominations, with a total of twenty-three.
The nominations were announced on January 7, 1993.
It is presented annually in October by the Government Information Office, Republic of China.
The award was first given after the 2005 season.
Musical performances during the awards telecast included Big Time Rush, who performed their single "Boyfriend" from their gold certified debut album B.T.R.
As a result, both schools shared the Ivy League title.
The Price Is Right has since received seven wins.
The show was hosted by Chris Rock at the Radio City Music Hall in New York City.
Recipients of the award receive a certificate and $1000.
The Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards 2008 aired on 20 September 2008 on Nickelodeon.
In 2009, the rules were changed to a category award, with five nominees.
Eight other authors have been nominated three times.
The Asian Television Awards is an appreciation to recognize and reward programming and production excellence in the Asian television industry.
Kevin Harvick won the award most recently in 2014.
Martindale, Patricia Clarkson, Shirley Knight, Amanda Plummer, and Alfre Woodard have won the most awards in this category with two each.
Other performers included, were Robin Thicke, LeToya Luckett, Rick Ross and Ronald Isley, also a special tribute to the God Father of Soul, James Brown.
The UPI discontinued the awards after 1996.
"‡‡" indicates a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay
The winner and nominees of Best Reality Program are chosen by the public through an online voting survey on the TV Week website.
The Teamsters represent some casting directors in Hollywood.
The ceremony was held at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York City.
Combined with the César Award for Best Animated Film from 2011 to 2013, this award has been fully awarded since 2014.
The ceremony was broadcast live on ITV.
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
Grand Prix de l'Imaginaire is a French award for speculative fiction.
Judges and elected federal, provincial or municipal representative are not eligible for nomination while such person remains in office.
Individuals are also eligible for the Special Award—Non-professional category for their non-professional work.
The Ed Thorp Memorial Trophy was the trophy awarded to the champions of the National Football League from 1934 through 1969.
The Premio 40 Principales for Best Spanish Album is an honor presented annually at Los Premios 40 Principales.
Mexican group Camila holds the record for the most awards, winning on five occasions out of seven nominations.
Calle 13 were the big winners, winning five awards including Album of the Year.
and in 2003 the awards were expanded to recognise websites associated to other media outlets, as well as newspapers.
The institute was formed after Eric Drexler and numerous followers, e.g.
Prior to 2001, the award was £1000.
First presented by the Saints and Sinners Literary Festival in 2007, the award became part of the Lambda Literary Awards program in 2011.
The prize is named after Nadar, the pseudonym of Gaspard-Félix Tournachon, a French photographer who lived from 1820 to 1910.
It was awarded annually for exceptional contributions to electronics.
But in 2014, it opened its doors to men and the entire Africa continent.
The Lo Nuestro Awards were first awarded in 1989 and has been given annually since to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
The Molière Awards are considered the highest French theatre honor, the equivalent to the American Tony Award, the British Olivier Award and the Spanish Premios Max.
No freshman was ever presented the award.
This category had previously been presented from 1973-1980.
The 2006 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to Muhammad Yunus and Grameen Bank "for their efforts through microcredit to create economic and social development from below".
The award certificate states that it is "In Appreciation" "For professionalism, dedication and outstanding support that greatly enhanced space flight safety and mission success."
The men's basketball programs with the most winners are St. Francis Brooklyn and Robert Morris, each with 5.
In 2014, Maryam Mirzakhani became the first Iranian and first woman to win the Fields Medal.
The nominations were announced by Melissa McCarthy of Mike & Molly and Joshua Jackson of Fringe.
Cantando Histórias by Ivan Lins became the first Brazilian album and only Portuguese language album to win this award and Album of the Year in 2005.
Confidential by director Curtis Hanson won the award for Best Picture.
Miranda Lambert was the lead nominee with 9 nominations, followed by Lady Antebellum.
Five players were from teams unaffiliated with any MLB organization.
While actors are nominated for this award by Hum members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the Hum membership as a whole.
The 7th International Emmy Awards took place on November 19, 1979, at the Sheraton Hotel in New York City, United States.
The organization has bestowed the Latin ACE Awards annually since May 25, 1969.
Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the hum for Best Designer Menswear.
The American Association of Political Consultants maintains a Code of Professional Ethics for members.
The Lo Nuestro Award for New Artist of the Year is an honor presented annually by American network Univision.
It has become the most prestigious and desirable "academic" award in college football.
Due to there having been no film awards in 2004, the eligibility period was from 1 October 2003 to July 2005.
It is telecast by Televisa in Mexico through its Canal de las Estrellas and on Univision in the USA.
The Richard W. Lyman Award was presented for five years, from 2002 to 2006, by the National Humanities Center.
A short list is announced the following February and then a winner at an event in Sydney in March.
The 22nd Emmy Awards, later known as the 22nd Primetime Emmy Awards, were handed out on June 7, 1970.
The first winner of the award was Willie Mays, and the most recent winner is Curtis Granderson.
Afgan was the biggest winner of the night, taking home two awards in the categories: Favorite Male Singer and Indonesian Star Wannabe Award.
The 3rd Awit Awards were held in Manila Hotel located in the nation's capital, Manila.
2016 was the first year since 2007 to not have a Slammy Awards, for unknown reasons.
The first award distribution ceremony was held on 17 July 2005 at Islamabad.
They are models as the Emmy Award equivalent.
Every other year, the award is designated for an early-career scientist.
Though the MTV EMAs have traditionally been advertised as Europe's premiere music event, few European artists received nominations in key categories.
The Dick Howser Trophy is bestowed annually to the national college baseball player of the year.
First awarded in 1968, the statuette is given to persons with a significant and lasting importance to Norway's entertainment industry.
They are intended to recognise Indonesian achievements in film and draw the public's interest to the cinema industry.
The 1st Magritte Awards ceremony was held in 2011 with Pauline Étienne receiving the award for her role in Private Lessons.
The PTC Punjabi Music Awards are Music Award annually presented every year to honor the Punjabi Music.
Premio Tusquets de Novela is a literary prize promoted by the Spanish Tusquets Editores, for writers in Spanish language.
From 2012, all instrumental performances in the pop category were shifted to either the newly formed Best Pop Solo Performance or Best Pop Duo/Group Performance categories.
It is awarded at the Jerusalem International Book Fair, and the recipient usually delivers an address when accepting the award.
The 2006 Radio Disney Music Awards were held on December 11, 2006, at the Radio Disney, Burbank, California.
Mexican artist Luis Miguel won five times in the 90's.
The Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature winners for 2009).
Afgan, Andien, Marcell, Nidji, and Vierra led the nominations with three categories, followed by Mulan Jameela and Sherina Munaf with two nominations.
The most recognised director at the IFF has been Teguh Karya, who won six awards out of nine nominations beginning with Cinta Pertama in 1974.
Computational aspects of optimization and control theory.
The jury meets over a two-day period to thoroughly review every submission.
The amount of the cash reward was originally taka 20 thousand, but was subsequently increased to taka one lac in 2004.
Procter & Gamble, the show's only sponsor, bought the show from Stivers in 1982.
The event was then relocated to the Shubert Theater.
Jet Li and Chris Tucker have each received three nominations, and Brad Pitt and Hugh Jackman have each been nominated twice.
The FAMAS Best Director is chosen from the Filipino films shown in the previous calendar year that were screened by the FAMAS.
The 1994 medal was won by Brisbane Bears player Chris Scott.
They were first given in 1975, at the first World Fantasy Convention, and have been awarded annually since.
The award has existed since 1980, but has only been adopted as the official award for the Player of the Year in the NRL since 1998.
Natalie Cole and Michael Bublé are the only other recipients to receive the award more than once.
The Terrier Group is the most successful group, with 45 wins out of 103 occasions.
It was previously conferred by the Minister for Information, Communications and the Arts.
They were broadcast on CBS with a rating of 26.6 million viewers.
Kelvin Templeton of the Footscray Football Club won the medal by polling twenty-two votes during the 1980 VFL season.
It is named in honor of Yitzhak Sadeh.
The 15th International Emmy Awards took place on November 23, 1987, in New York City, United States.
The jury usually consists of eminent personalities from the film fraternity, academician, journalist and public servants.
It involves recognising employees for achieving excellence in their field, and being the best worker across all fields.
The 23rd European Film Awards were presented on 4 December, 2010, in Tallinn, Estonia.
The 1st TVyNovelas Awards, is an Academy of special awards to the best of soap operas and TV shows for the last year.
The prize ceremonies take place annually in Stockholm, Sweden.
At the present time, the winners are selected by the audience through an online survey.
Paul William "Bear" Bryant was an American college football player and coach.
The ceremony took place on 3 December 2010 at the Shangri-La Hotel in Hong Kong.
The Asahi Prize was created to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the foundation of Asahi Shimbun.
Jay Z received the most nominations with nine.
Beginning in 2001, advocates began lobbying for a Grammy category specifically for cajun and zydeco music.
The highest honor of the ceremony is the "Grand Prize", awarded to the best actor or actress of the year.
In association with the EMAs, MTV Italia organised an event called MTV Music Week, which ran from October 19 to October 25.
The award may be presented to an individual or a team of up to three recipients.
FC Dallas are the 2016 holders of the Supporters' Shield.
Prize recipients receive $60,000 AU as a reward for their contribution towards Australian music.
After the 1999 season, the divisions were eliminated.
The award has been given annually since 1981.
Vyjayanthimala is the only actress to win the maximum awards, without ever losing, whenever been nominated.
Scarsella first won the award in 1944 as a first baseman and then won his second in 1946 as an outfielder.
Tchernichovsky himself participated in formulating the policies for the grant of the award and attended the first award ceremony for the prize in 1943.
The Golden Film is awarded to films from the Netherlands once they have sold 100,000 tickets.
Recipients of this award receive a bronze medal, certificate, and honorarium.
The ceremony was televised in Japan on TBS.
They have appeared on OPRAH, CNN, NBC Nightly News, ABC World News Tonight, MSNBC, Lifetime, and both are Contributors to NBC's TODAY Show.
The Lumières Award for Best Film is an annual award presented by the Académie des Lumières since 1996.
He was a first-year coach for the Cardinal with only one returning starter, and the team lost a number of significant players to injury.
Following her death in March 1995, the genre suffered and its popularity waned.
The 16th International Emmy Awards took place on November 23, 1988, in New York City, United States.
The most any other team has won is seven.
Yearwood also holds the record for most nominations without a win.
The People's Prize has been received by people abroad.
Michael Douglas received a special award for his work in the motion picture industry.
Between 1996 and 2011 one winner each was chosen from both the College and University Divisions of 816 annual selections.
The award is given for quality genre entertainment, and is named in honor of Academy founder, Dr. Donald A. Reed.
All proposals are judged by a panel of six scientists and engineers.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year.
Mark Romanek holds the record for the most wins as a director, with a total of three.
The only manager to have won the award on three occasions is Joe Altobelli who won in 1971, 1976, and 1980.
Premios Feroz are Spain-based film awards created in November 2013 by Asociación de Informadores Cinematográficos de España.
The 2008 Laurence Olivier Awards were held in 2008 in London celebrating excellence in West End theatre by the Society of London Theatre.
Launched in 1987, the Awards usually comprises over 30 categories including Best Documentary Program, Best News Program, Best Cinematography, Best Current Affairs Presenter and many more.
The first edition of the show was held on May 16, 2010 in Sofia, Bulgaria, where many famous and young Balkan artists were awarded.
The award ceremony takes place in New York City since 1967.
It recognizes "significant contributions to astronomy or amateur astronomy by those not employed in the field of astronomy in a professional capacity."
The fund has chosen the name of Ibn-Rushd as he stands for building a bridge between Islam and enlightenment.
The award may be presented to an individual or a group up to three in number.
It has gone on another unexplained hiatus, with no ceremonies taking place in 2015 or 2016.
The second version, commissioned in 2013, is permanently kept by the San Miguel Beermen after winning three straight Philippine Cup championships from 2014–15 to 2016–17.
The continued sponsorship by publishers such as HarperCollins and Orbit has identified the award as an honour to be taken seriously.
College Book Bucks is a scholarship program founded by author James Patterson to help high school seniors pay for books.
The ceremony was hosted by Paolo Bediones, Gabby Concepcion, Anne Curtis and Judy Ann Santos and directed by Al Quinn.
The 2nd Open Russian Festival of Animated Film was held in 1997 at a boarding house called "Birch Grove" near the town of Tarusa, Russia.
The 77 included all eight 1980 winners but excluded the 1981 to 1983 children's fiction winners.
The 2008 MTV Movie Awards broadcast the 17th annual movie awards show live on Sunday, June 1, at the Gibson Amphitheatre in Universal City, California.
Premiering a film after the LMA has ended after a two-year tradition.
Previously, polka recordings had been placed in the folk category.
The World Fantasy Convention Award was first presented in 1978; it was awarded annually through 1987 and again in 1997.
Established in 1975 by Government of Bangladesh.
It was created through the generosity of Dr. Raymond Sackler and his wife, Mrs. Beverly Sackler.
American Idol however, later launched a subsidiary songwriting competition of its own.
The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program is an award that was first awarded in 2008.
Another possibility is that Nobel did not consider mathematics as a practical discipline.
"The AALA will be discontinued immediately so we can free up some of those funds for an improved Premier’s Book Awards."
Introduced in 2007, it is named after the unit of illuminance, "lux", which is Latin for "light".
The Social Network was the DFWFCA's most awarded film of 2010 taking top honors in the Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Screenplay categories.
The Sun Kudumbam Awards 2010 were given for 22 categories, of which there were 8 main awards, 8 performance awards and 6 technical awards.
2006 - Fiona O'Loughlin and Damian Callinan - Spaznuts
The Pride of Britain Awards is an annual award ceremony which takes place in the United Kingdom, first televised on ITV in 1999.
Prior to 2002, the Melberger Award was funded and supported by the Downtown Wilkes-Barre Touchdown Club.
Because the Society Award is the only regular category that judges the actors' performances, there are multiple winners in the category.
A larger version of "The Player", standing 13 feet tall, was erected at Coors Field in Denver.
The nationally televised award ceremony is held in the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris each year in February.
In 2014, the XRCO Awards returned to the former Highlands venue now called OHM.
Christopher Lee has been nominated on 13 occasions, more than any other actor.
The 21st Emmy Awards—also known since 1974 as the 21st Primetime Emmy Awards—were handed out on June 8, 1969.
The Prize is awarded in partnership between the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the Crafoord Foundation in Lund.
For lists of winners and nominees for each category, see the list of award categories below.
Conigliaro debuted with the Red Sox in 1964, and was selected to the MLB All-Star Game in 1967.
Marlon Wayans wore a bead-studded rickshaw, and was cheered on by the crowd.
Orlando Pace, the only two-time winner, is the most recent offensive lineman to be honored.
They are presented by the American Theatre Wing and the League of American Theatres and Producers at an annual ceremony in New York City.
It was first awarded at the 33rd Annual TV Week Logie Awards in 1991, when the award was originally called Most Outstanding Single Drama or Miniseries.
Numerous critics credited host Neil Patrick Harris with the success of the production, with one critic calling him "America's next great awards host."
The 31st Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 22, 1989, at Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles.
The Luna Awards are awards given annually by the Film Academy of the Philippines to recognize the outstanding achievements of the Filipino film industry.
Awards are given to scientists for recent discoveries of "particular originality" and "importance to basic medical research".
TV specials have been known to appear on the list, as well as shows appearing at multiple years, despite having lasted only one season.
With nine main cast acting nominations, L.A. Law tied the record set by Hill Street Blues in 1982.
In affiliation with the Metropolitan New York Football Writers, the Lambert Trophy was established by brothers Victor and Henry Lambert in memory of their father, August.
The award was founded by David H. Willis.
The award is sponsored by the IEEE Foundation.
Considering only current conference members, Mount St. Mary's and St. Francis Brooklyn are tied for the most awards, with four apiece.
The award was first presented at the 14th Guldbagge Awards, and continued until Bergman's death in 2007.
They were followed by Ricky Martin for the video "She Bangs".
The award goes to solo artists, duos, or groups for releasing vocal or instrumental albums containing at least 51% of new recordings in the norteño genre.
For most of their existence, they were run by ZAFER Associates, but in latter years were brought under the control of The Radio Academy.
The most number of awards won by a single manager is eleven, achieved by Alex Ferguson between 1994 and his retirement in 2013.
Former Florida State tight end Nick O'Leary called the award one which "all tight ends dream of winning".
Yemi Alade received a total of three nominations in the categories: Song of the Year, Best Pop Single and Next Rated.
Playhouse 90 only took home one award, but it did set the record for most major nominations, with 14.
The 1998 Laurence Olivier Awards were held in 1998 in London celebrating excellence in West End theatre by the Society of London Theatre.
In addition, the Government of Tamil Nadu would commemorate his birthday each year as "Youth Awakening Day", on October 15.
Students receive a Discus Award if they excel in different key attributes.
Israel López "Cachao" has the record for most wins in this category with four accolades, matched by Rubén Blades, who won his 4th in 2016.
For the finale of the show, they showed the trailer of Michael Jackson's This Is It.
"§" indicates Golden Globe Award-winning director that was not nominated for an Academy Award.
Together each page unites a unique painting of imagination, with Thomson`s poetic style of short phrases, creating a dream beyond ordinary horizons.
The big winners were Luis Miguel, Santana and Maná with 3 awards; Juan Luis Guerra, Shakira, Fito Páez and Emilio Estefan Jr. received 2 awards each.
† - indicates the performance won the Tony Award
This is followed by the inauguration of the National Film Festival, where the award-winning films are screened for the public.
The MBC Drama Awards is an awards ceremony presented by Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation for outstanding achievements in Korean dramas aired on its network.
Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Bruno Mars and Taylor Swift were also among the winners of the night.
The $20,000 prize is thought to be the world's largest monetary prize for a single poem.
The awards are currently managed by a division within indiantelevision.com called ITV2.0 Productions.
Awards committees have historically rewarded discoveries over inventions: 77% of Nobel Prizes in physics have been given to discoveries, compared with only 23% to inventions.
The J.J. Giltinan Shield is an Australian rugby league trophy, awarded annually to the National Rugby League minor premiers.
The 1st Magritte Awards ceremony was held in 2011 with Christelle Cornil receiving the award for her role in Illegal.
However, in 2013, The Daily Show's streak was finally snapped by The Colbert Report, after a record of ten consecutive wins.
It honored musical achievement of 2007 in which albums were released between October 1, 2006 through September 30, 2007.
World Fantasy Award nominees are decided by attendees and judges at the annual World Fantasy Convention.
The 2015 MTV EMAs were held at the Mediolanum Forum in Assago, near Milan, Italy, on 25 October 2015.
In the drama field L.A. Law came into the ceremony as the defending champ and with 15 major nominations,, it was seen as the heavy favorite.
The event was well known for a possible tape delay by the CTV television network so the network could syndicate The Amazing Race.
An annual event takes place in Paris.
‡ – indicates the performance was also nominated for the Academy Award
Beginning in 1993, award recipients often included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.
Sturr holds the record for the most wins in this category, with a total of eighteen.
Alanis Morissette was the main recipient, being awarded four trophies, including Album of the Year.
The XBIZ Award for Best Actress—Feature Release is an award that is given by sex industry company XBIZ.
Murray State dominates the award's selection, as it has 18 winners.
The French nuclear testing in the South Pacific got the most attention at the ceremony.
CEDEC Awards are annually presented by CEDEC for outstanding game developers and games.
The name of the foundation was changed to LafargeHolcim Foundation, and the competition became the LafargeHolcim Awards.
The Petrochemical Heritage Award was established in 1997, "to recognize individuals who made outstanding contributions to the petrochemical community."
Candidates can be nominated by any member of the astronomical community and the nominations should be accompanied by other letters of support.
The awards were extended to "Best Actress" in 1972.
The show was a collaboration between Anugerah Musik Indonesia Foundation and RCTI.
The British Academy Video Games Award for Multiplayer is an award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
The winner in the public service category of the journalism competition is awarded a gold medal.
The Mainichi Film Award for Best Actor is a film award given at the Mainichi Film Awards.
During the ceremony, APTRA announced the Martín Fierro Awards for 2014 Argentine television and radio programs.
‡ - indicates the book was also nominated for the Tony Award
The Logie for Best Sports Program is an award presented annually at the Australian TV Week Logie Awards.
The award recognises her role as an ally during the Bangladeshi war of independence and her capacity to manage such a complex regional war.
It is one of the oldest music awards in the world, having been presented since 1960.
It was created by and named for Alfred Moritz Mond, 1st Baron Melchett, the 20th century businessman and philanthropist.
The Myx Music Award for Favorite International is one of the awards handed out at the yearly Myx Music Awards.
The 18th Annual Tony Awards took place on May 24, 1964, in the New York Hilton in New York City.
The ceremony award ceremony held at the JIEXPO Hall D2 in Kemayoran, North Jakarta, on November 29, 2013 and was broadcast on SCTV.
The first competitions were held at Lympne Aerodrome in Kent.
Any citizen of India engaged in research in any field of science and technology up to the age of 45 years is eligible for the prize.
The Jessie Richardson Theatre Award is given to recognize achievement in professional theatre in Vancouver, British Columbia.
DJ Mustard won the most awards with 4 wins, followed by Drake with 3 wins.
The Creative Arts Awards were held the day before the regular ceremony.
It was introduced in 2013 as an audience award.
The show that received the most major nominations was Grey's Anatomy, with eight.
It has been described as the "Nobel prize" for the arts and humanities, social sciences, law and theology.
The show aired live on Saturday, May 6 across Asian MTV channels.
They have been awarded annually since 1955.
"Best On-Screen Duo" became "Best On-Screen Team".
The 28th Annual Japan Record Awards took place at the Nippon Budokan in Chiyoda, Tokyo, December 31, 1986, starting at 6:30PM JST.
The Awards seek to recognize and appreciate different organizations that are spearheading the use of digital mediums in this respect.
The ceremony returned to Radio City Music Hall in New York City, after two years at Beacon Theatre, and was broadcast live on CBS television.
The MTV Australia Awards started in 2005 and were Australia's first awards show to celebrate both local and international acts.
The International Russian Rotary Children's Music Competition is one of the leading events in cultural life of Russian and European youth.
The Chern Medal is an international award recognizing outstanding lifelong achievement of the highest level in the field of mathematics.
The trophy was designed by the Austrian stage designer Erich Wonder.
Hard rock performances will now be screened in the Best Rock Performance category.
Following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, including each film's distribution company and producer(s).
There were twelve editions of the concept, with the first two iterations airing in 1986 and 1987, respectively.
It is regarded as one of the important precursors of a future Nobel Prize award.
The honor is awarded by the historic Nigar Magazine.
The show was hosted by Arsenio Hall at the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles.
The musical Memphis won four awards, including Best Musical.
In 1968 it was awarded as Best Country & Western Solo Vocal Performance, Female
Since April 2015, Selvaratnam has been the chief technology officer at De La Rue.
Aloysius Pang is the most recent winner in this category.
Each year, a jury chooses a short list of the six best novels up for nomination from a "long list" of nominees.
The award is presented to the best performance by a lead actor in a television comedy series.
Additional optional awards are a prize for a life's work and Preis der Präsidentin.
After a final comeback attempt in 1975, Conigliaro retired at age 30.
In 2013, the XRCO Awards venue was changed from The Highlands nightclub to Supperclub LA when the former closed.
The Pac-12 Conference Player of the Year is a baseball award given to the Pac-12 Conference's most outstanding player.
Among foreign studios, the National Film Board of Canada has the most wins in this category, with six Oscars.
The international Robert W. Campbell Award honors companies that achieve business excellence through the integration of EHS management into business operations.
The medal was approved to be made by Congress in 2010 to honor the Japanese Americans who had served in the war.
The Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy is a cricket trophy awarded annually by the International Cricket Council to its chosen world player of the year.
The new category also recognizes other American roots forms, such as polka, whose own Grammy category was discontinued in 2009.
The Edward Goodrich Acheson Award was established by The Electrochemical Society in 1928 to honor the memory of Edward Goodrich Acheson, a charter member of ECS.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1978.
The Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Screenplay is an award presented annually by the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority.
The Lott IMPACT Trophy is presented annually to the college football Defensive IMPACT Player of the Year.
It is named for Founding Father of the United States John Jay, Columbia College Class of 1764.
Larry Walker, Jason Bay, Joey Votto, and Justin Morneau are the only players to win the Tip O'Neill Award at least three times.
From 1992 onwards, they were split in two, with a separate Best Drama Serial category also established.
Gonsalves strongly believed in the importance of imagination.
Another highlight was Julian Cheung taking a selfie with Roger Kwok after he presented him the Best Actor Award.
1476 signed by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, declaring every fourth Wednesday of November as the 'Gusi Peace Prize International Friendship Day'.
The winning sculpture will become a permanent part of the Spitalfields Public Art Collection and go on display in October 2010.
These have included editors of magazines and novels, publishers, and authors of non-fiction works.
It set another record when it received seven nominations in the guest acting categories, a mark that has not been matched since.
Wars of In-Laws was the night's biggest winner, taking home five awards including My Favourite Drama and My Favourite Actress.
The show was held at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by Clifton Davis and Sandi Patti.
Since 2002 the Unda jury has been changed into the SIGNIS jury.
The first Lawrence Awards were given in 1960.
The award is dedicated to the memory of the widely respected motoring journalist, Mike Kable.
The Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Pre-School Children's Animated Program has been awarded every year since 2013.
Among current members, High Point has the most awards with five and individual winners with four.
The ceremony was held on 17 December 2012 at the TVB Studios in Tseung Kwan O, Hong Kong.
In this sense, "record" means a particular recorded song, not its composition or an album of songs.
In early Primetime Emmy Award ceremonies, the supporting categories were not always genre, or even gender, specific.
The chapter also participates in judging Emmy entries at the regional and national levels.
70 films were considered for the awards.
The Roux Scholarship, formerly known as the Roux Diners Club Scholarship, is a cooking competition for up and coming chefs in the UK.
On September 19, 2011, MTV Networks International announced the 2011 nominees.
The inaugural awards show was held on 17 November 2006 at the Hammersmith Palais, London and was hosted by adult film performer and director Ben Dover.
The British Academy Scotland New Talent Awards are presented at an annual award ceremony organised by BAFTA Scotland.
The ceremony was held at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, California, and was televised live by TNT.
The candidates for the Science Prize are proposed to the Director-General of UNESCO by the governments of member states or by non-governmental organizations.
From 2012, contemporary jazz recordings were shifted to the newly formed Best Jazz Instrumental Album category.
Betting on the medal was suspended while the extent of the injury to Ablett was determined.
The 35th Annual Tony Awards was broadcast by CBS television on June 8, 1981, from the Mark Hellinger Theatre.
The Talaang Ginto is perhaps the longest-running state-run literary contest, began in 1963 by the then Surian ng Wikang Pambansa.
Griner won all three major national awards in both 2012 and 2013, and Baylor's Odyssey Sims was the 2014 Wade Trophy recipient.
The inaugural 2013 ceremony was met with mixed reception.
It is delivered in the Nuit des César ceremony and was first awarded in 1976.
In 2012 the ceremony was held at The Royal Institute of British Architects.
The award was established in 1940 by the Chicago chapter of the BBWAA, which selected an annual winner from 1940 through 1946.
The awards are presented annually by the Houston Film Critics Society based in Houston, Texas.
It is one of eleven Technical Awarding category.
Chua's record seven nominations for her album Goodbye & Hello are the most received by a female artist.
It is held each year in Los Angeles.
The second edition of the competition was won by Poom Prommachart of Thailand, who in the Grand Final played Rachmaninoff’s 3rd piano concerto.
The award can be granted to individuals, families and organizations located throughout the United States.
In 1920, after the Akron Pros were awarded the league championship, that trophy also went missing.
Over the years the award ceremony has been produced by NHK and NTV and now, since the 27th Awards, by TV Tokyo.
The prize money, which as of 2015 is 6,000,000 kr, is intended to fund further research by the laureate.
The National AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the Australian Football League.
The United Press International NFL Coach of the Year award was first presented in 1955.
It was given at the Grammy Awards, which began in 1958 under the name Gramophone Awards.
The ceremony was hosted by Andrea Martin and Martin Short at the Harbour Castle Hilton Hotel.
PIHA also offers divisions for teens, & adults 35-and-over.
The Magritte Award for Best Flemish Film is an award presented annually by the Académie André Delvaux.
Cybersocket was established in 1997 to publish a printed annual LGBT internet directory.
Winners are decided by the Malaysian public.
It is a member of the Network of European Foundations for Innovative Cooperation.
The program delivers a message of Religious tolerance, Agricultural development, Health & hygiene and respect for human rights.
The Mildred L. Batchelder Award is unusual in that it is given to a publisher yet it explicitly references a given work, its translator and author.
The Order of Friendship is the People's Republic of China's highest order of honour.
Mexican banda group Banda el Recodo became the first musical ensemble to be inducted in the Latin Music Hall of Fame in 2004.
District ADDY winners are then forwarded to the third tier, the national stage of the American Advertising Awards.
In the United Kingdom the programme is run by The Duke of Edinburgh's Award, a royal charter corporation.
A Grand Master's art, on the other hand, gets stuck in the viewer's heart and memory.
BBC America received its first major nomination this year.
The Manila Standard called it the "Pulitzer Prize" of the Philippines in terms of prestige.
These awards "recognizing extraordinary accomplishment in film" are presented annually by the Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association, based in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex region of Texas.
From 1946-65, the awarded was given out in cooperation with Stockholms-Tidningen.
She was nominated again the following year, holding the title with eight nominations, however lost to Camryn Grimes.
Since its introduction, the Golden Film has been awarded to 62 films.
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
It is the most prestigious award event in the world of MMA.
Winners are selected for "the perseverance, creative imagination, ability to work with people, and fresh approach to problem solving that characterized Howard Vollum's career."
The recipient is chosen by faculty and staff as the resident doctor they would most want to care for family and friends.
Both laureates Professor Michael Grätzel and Professor Hans Ulrich Gumbrecht signed the WCC book having witnesses from Aarhus University and the WCC.
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
The NightMoves Awards added a new a category titled the Triple-Play Award in 2006.
The awards were originally created to recognize achievement in the online adult industry, but, in recent years, video categories have been added.
Cousy won six championships with the Celtics.
The criteria used by the jury is based on grace, harmonious movement, and emotion during the performances.
Many of these writers, editors and artists have won Hugos in other categories, from Fan Writer to Best Novel.
Radio host Tom Joyner was also honored, receiving the Humanitarian Award.
The Premio 40 Principales for Best Spanish Festival, Tour or Concert, is an honor presented annually at Los Premios 40 Principales.
The Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Sound Engineer is an award presented annually by the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority.
They were established in 1996 by the Crime Writers Association of Australia to reward excellence in the field of crime writing within Australia.
Two players have won both the high school and collegiate Butkus Awards: Notre Dame linebackers Manti Te'o and Jaylon Smith.
The Manga Taishō is an annual Japanese manga award.
American performer Christina Aguilera won both the Grammy Award for Best New Artist in 2000 and the Lo Nuestro for Pop New Artist the following year.
For the 2011 edition this award was merged with the Best Group category into the Best Artist/Group award.
The Copa Libertadores trophy, or simply Copa Libertadores, is a trophy awarded annually by CONMEBOL to the football club that wins the Copa Libertadores.
The Buys Ballot Medal is a prize given out by the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
It may be presented to an individual or a team of up to three.
The 52nd Annual Tony Awards ceremony was held on June 7, 1998, at Radio City Music Hall and was broadcast by CBS television.
The Lower Great Lakes Chapter was founded in 1969.
The award started in 2010 after France Football's Ballon d'Or and the FIFA World Player of the Year award were merged.
The 2012 award was won by Daniel Talia of the Adelaide Football Club.
More than a decade later, his son Sam Nicola Jr. took over the Touchdown Club.
The inaugural awards were given to Dennis Scott and Lynne Lorenzen in 1987.
The ceremony was produced by the Trinity Broadcasting Network and was hosted by musician Erica Campbell and television star Sadie Robertson.
The Pride of Britain Awards is an annual award ceremony which takes place in the United Kingdom, first televised on ITV in 1999.
The 10th National Television Awards ceremony was held at the Royal Albert Hall on 26 October 2004 and was hosted by Sir Trevor McDonald.
During the 42 nomination years, 151 authors have had works nominated; 42 of them have won, including ties and co-authors.
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
World Fantasy Award nominees and winners are decided by attendees of the convention and a panel of judges, typically made up of fantasy authors.
The event was transmitted live to theaters in 50 cities as part of Regal Entertainment Group "One Night Only" event.
Over the years, it has also been known as Most Popular Drama, Most Popular Drama Series, Most Popular Drama Program, and Most Popular Australian Drama Series.
The conference formed in 2013–14 after many schools departed from the original Big East Conference to form their own conference.
Awards are presented to the world's best-selling artists in the various categories and to the best-selling artists from each major territory.
The show was hosted by Diddy at the AmericanAirlines Arena in Miami, Florida.
One current member has yet to have a winner.
The Magritte Award for Best Screenplay is an award presented annually by the Académie André Delvaux.
The 2014 Nigeria Entertainment Awards took place on 31 August 2014, at the Skirball Center for the Performing Arts in New York City.
The best children's fiction award was created in 2001, as best children's long fiction, along with an award for children's short fiction.
It aims to inspire, develop and connect writers across the Commonwealth.
The 1991 Laurence Olivier Awards were held in 1991 in London celebrating excellence in West End theatre by the Society of London Theatre.
It has been held in New York City, New York annually since 1877.
The trophy is named after 1958 World Champion Mike Hawthorn, the first British World Champion, who died in 1959 in a road traffic accident.
Joan Manuel Serrat was honored on November 19, 2014.
Between 1947 and 1955, the Academy presented Special/Honorary Awards to the best foreign language films released in the United States.
There have been two ties in the award's history.
Rivers also wore nine dresses throughout the ceremony.
The 2012 MTV EMAs were held in Frankfurt, Germany, on 11 November 2012.
Also, they were nominated for the Best Latin Pop Album category at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards.
These awards are given by the Tamil Nadu Iyal Isai Nataka Mandram for excellence in the field of art and literature.
The award was given for the last time in the 1988 ceremony.
The IEEE Kiyo Tomiyasu Award is a Technical Field Award established by the IEEE Board of Directors in 2001.
The Gawad Urian Best Actress,, is a movie award given by the Manunuri ng Pelikulang Pilipino to lead actresses in a Philippine movie.
This was the first time the winner was presented with the Ron Evans medal, with it being awarded annually since.
The 18th International Emmy Awards took place on November 24, 1990, at the Sheraton Hotel in New York City, United States.
with Regis and Kelly won in the Outstanding Talk Show Entertainment category for its last season.
The Brazilian Field awards were presented on the same day at the Ibirapuera Auditorium in São Paulo.
Since 2009, there have been two separate comedy performance awards for Best Male Comedy Performance and Best Female Comedy Performance.
Dutch Maryam Hassouni won in 2006 for her performance as Laila al Gatawi in Offers, a drama thriller directed by Dana Nechushtan.
The 9th annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards was held on Friday 7 October 2011 at the Sydney Entertainment Centre.
It ranks below the Freedom of the City of Gibraltar.
Some of the film and music categories were removed from the award.
In 1991, and from 1994 to 1999, the award was known as Best Alternative Music Performance.
An article is then published in ERCIM news with the name of the winner, and all nominees.
ABC Trust Foundation was chosen by KPK Entertainment Group as the sole beneficiary charity foundation for Sunrise in Baku Fashion Project.
It depicts two human figures holding up the Earth.
The award for Best Female Artist was first presented to Jenny Morris in 1987.
The list of Medallionists and the year of the award is as follows:
As of the 2017 ceremony, Emma Stone is the most recent winner in this category for her role as Mia Dolan in La La Land.
The awards are organised in association with the Daily Mirror, Lidl, ITV, Good Morning Britain and The Prince's Trust.
The show was hosted by Patti LaBelle, Gladys Knight and Johnny Gill.
Winners of the Lou Gehrig Memorial Award have undertaken a variety of different causes.
The prize consists of a financial award, which in 2012 was 20.000 euros, as well as a small bronze statue designed by the sculptor Joaquim Camps.
The Deutscher Schallplattenpreis was a prize that the Deutsche Phono-Akademie awarded from 1963 through 1992.
Although ratings improved, this year's video music awards was hosted at its smallest venue of its 25-year history.
Gypsy fusion band Monsieur Camembert, oud virtuoso Joseph Tawadros and Yolngu singer-songwriter Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu have each won the award the most times with three wins.
Each year, three nominees are selected by the academy.
José Mourinho was the first winner of the men's FIFA World Coach of the Year award in 2010.
Nominations for this award are closely correlated with the Academy Award for Best Picture.
The America's Cup was held in Newport through 1983.
The 25th Japan Record Awards were given in a ceremony held on December 31, 1983.
The inaugural edition was held at the Civic Center, Lagos on 2 June 2012.
The award was first given for films made in 1948.
During the awards ceremony, Beyoncé revealed that she was pregnant with her first child, when she ended her performance of "Love on Top".
Recipients of the Bravery Medal are entitled to use the post-nominal letters "BM".
Archived from the original on 27 November 2012.
First presented in 2001, the award was named in memory of American poet Audre Lorde.
As of the 2017 ceremony, Bouli Lanners is the most recent winner in this category for his work in The First, the Last.
Victoria Rowell holds the record for most wins in this category with 12.
The award is presented at the annual AACTA Awards, which hand out accolades for achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films.
In 2015, the school was also ranked the fourth best provider globally for visual effects and animation training by the Autodesk CG Student Awards.
Ten female artistes have received the award for ten times and were given the All-Time Favourite Artiste award.
The first festival was held in 1954, but the award was introduced in 1955.
The program additionally awards college scholarships of $1,000 each to deserving high school students in South Florida.
Mark Curry passed the torch to actress and rap star Queen Latifah and slimed her.
The Latin Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album is an award presented at the Latin Grammy Awards since 2012.
Named for physicist and theoretician Albert Einstein; the award includes a diploma, a commemorative medal, and $10,000.
The awards had been conducted early each year from its 1970 inception until 1984.
The John Mackey Award is presented annually to college football's most outstanding tight end.
Both Peyton and Eli were All-America selections during their college careers and both have led their respective professional teams to Super Bowl championships.
The award "recognizes and celebrates the exceptional achievement of one or more members of the scientific and technical community of the Northwest."
The original trophy was remodeled and a new, updated trophy was introduced for the 1998 FIBA World Championship.
After some meetings, the Philippine Academy of the Recording Arts and Sciences decided to move it to May and would be held at the Araneta Coliseum.
The jury can decide not to hand out the award, which happened numerous times between 1950 and 1985.
The award show was hosted by Luna Maya, Ruben Onsu, and Raffi Ahmad.
Jann Arden was host for the major ceremonies which were broadcast on CBC Television.
Mary J. Blige holds the record for the most nominations, with five in total.
Best Actress went to Kristal Tin, who also won Most Popular TV Female Character.
Today it is privately owned and the voting panel consists of automotive and racing journalists.
The 2nd Myx Music Awards was held on March 15, 2007 at the AFP Theater.
Ms. Indranee Rajah, Senior Minister of State, Ministry of Law and Ministry of Education was the guest of honor of the event.
The ceremony awards was attended by top artists, such as Noah, Syahrini, Afgan, Indah Dewi Pertiwi, Cherrybelle, SM*SH, Cakra Khan, Zaskia Gotik, Wali, and Armada.
Bawden and Muriel Spark were previously shortlisted.
The 2010 XBIZ Awards were held in at the Avalon in Hollywood.
The reputation achieved by this prize is ubiquitously recognized amongst academics in Europe.
"Indies" include small presses, larger independent publishers, university presses, e-book publishers, and self-published authors.
It is the college equivalent of the Bert Bell Award of the National Football League, also given out by the Maxwell Club.
The Grammy Award for Best American Roots Performance is a new award category at the annual Grammy Awards from 2015.
The Silver Logie for Best Presenter is an award presented annually at the Australian TV Week Logie Awards.
The bronze trophy, finished with a silver nitrate patina, weighs 102 lbs and stands 16 1⁄2" tall.
From 1966 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Classical Engineered Recording
The voting period lasted from 16 October to 21 November 2015.
Because of the restriction in entry, there were years when the winner of Best Champion was defeated in other classes which were not restricted to subscribers.
For many years, the preference has been given to researchers in the field of neuroscience.
It is one of Europe's most distinguished recognitions.
The Japan Academy Prize for Picture of the Year is a film award given to the best film at the annual Japan Academy Prize.
Space Shower Music Video Awards are an annual set of music awards sponsored by Space Shower TV.
Nominations are accepted from anyone, and winners and honorable mentions are chosen by the Sustainable Transport Award Steering Committee.
The Larry Sandler Memorial Award is a prestigious international award given for research in the Drosophila community.
During its inaugural year in 2001, four separate actors were presented with an award.
The prize is given jointly by the American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical, and Petroleum Engineers and American Society of Mechanical Engineers.
The Gusi Peace Prize recognizes individuals and organizations who have contributed to global peace and progress through a wide variety of fields.
The Best Music Film category is one of two categories in the Best Music Video/Film Field.
To qualify for this category, the recording must be in surround quality.
The Magritte Award for Best Actor is an award presented annually by the Académie André Delvaux.
The fifth annual Altazor Awards took place on April 5, 2004, at the Centro Cultural Matucana 100.
Two networks, Bravo and The WB, received their first major nominations.
The HBO film Temple Grandin won five major awards, tying the record for most major wins by a television film, set by Promise in 1987.
Connecticut has the most all-time awards, with 17, and the most individual winners, with 11.
The year indicates when each season aired.
The award for Best Pop Release was first presented to Peter Andre in 1994, for his album of the same name.
In the first three years of the awards, actors were nominated as the best in their categories.
The Gene Upshaw Award is awarded to the best lineman, offensive or defensive, in NCAA Division II college football.
The nominees were announced on January 23, 1997.
Held in London it is the first of its kind to be held outside Japan.
The awards have attracted the attention of publishers by setting down a benchmark in science fiction and fantasy.
The award was first presented to American singer Pepe Aguilar in 2001.
It was formed in 2005 by the merger of the Wilkins Lecture, the Bernal Lecture and the Medawar Lecture.
Students, fine artists, and illustrators are all treated equally.
The award was first given following the 1976–77 season and was discontinued after the 1994–95 season.
The Mnet Asian Music Award for Best Male/Female Dance Performance) is an award presented annually by CJ E&M Pictures.
The winner and nominees of Most Popular Drama Program are chosen by the public through an online voting survey on the TV Week website.
The Professional Artist award has been given annually under several names since 1955, with the exception of 1957.
There have been 10 recipients of this award who were on not on the winning team of the College World Series.
It was instituted in 1888 to honor the achievements of meteorologist C.H.D.
Jorge Gutiérrez won with California in 2012 and became the first player to also win the Pac-12 Player of the Year in the same season.
are presented annually by the Academia Nacional de la Música en México for outstanding achievements in the Mexican record industry.
The Lo Nuestro Award for Duranguense Artist of the Year was an award presented annually by American network Univision.
Before that, the awards were known as the New Zealand Government Publishing Awards, which ran from 1982 to 1988.
The Mainichi Film Award for Best Director is a film award given at the Mainichi Film Awards.
It was the third time the annual event had taken place at this location.
It was televised on ITV3 on 6 October.
The Fox comedy-drama Ally McBeal won Outstanding Comedy Series, dethroning five-time defending champion Frasier.
The CONCACAF Awards are an association football award given annually to honor players, match officials and coaches from the North American region.
The Golden Nymphs are the prizes awarded to the winners of the Official Competition of the Festival de Télévision de Monte-Carlo, or Monte-Carlo Television Festival.
The first edition of the award was presented to Mathilde Santing in discotheque Escape in Amsterdam on November 25, 1985 for her achievements of that year.
From 1962 to 1963, 1965 to 1972 and 1974 to 1976 the award was known as Album of the Year - Classical
Established in 1922, the award is named after Joseph Priestley, the discoverer of oxygen who immigrated to the United States of America in 1794.
However, coaches were "adamant" that the AFCA trophy continue to be awarded.
became the series with the most wins in the category when it won a seventh time, surpassing The $25,000 Pyramid's previous record of six; Jeopardy!
Bunga Citra Lestari received the "Wannabe Award" for being an inspiration to children.
The show is broadcast live on the IFC network, as well as Hollywood Suite in Canada and A&E Latin America.
The nominations were announced on September 23, 2015.
Roots became the first miniseries, and second show overall, along with All in the Family in 1972, to win six of seven major categories.
The awarding ceremonies were held on September 1, 2010, at the Peninsula Hotel Manila in Makati City.
The award may be presented to an individual or a team of up to three people.
One victim requires rescuer assistance, while the other victim(s) can follow directions for self-rescue and assist as bystanders once at the point of safety.
It is to be awarded on the basis of the collected research and/or a technical essay written specially for the Prize
It topped the Billboard Latin Rhythm Airplay chart for nine weeks in 2008.
The award ceremony usually takes place during the spring and no later than the first week of April.
Cinema Eye also presents an Audience Choice Prize where voting is open to the public.
An initial longlist of 20 albums is reduced to a shortlist of 10 each year.
And the nominations have been announced for the category of Favorite, which will be chosen by the public via SMS.
The prize is awarded for achievements on emerging areas of research in Pick's disease, Alzheimer's disease and other dementias.
The PDSA Gold Medal is an animal bravery award that acknowledges the bravery and devotion to duty of animals.
The festival, which runs from December 25 through New Years Day and into first weekend of January in the following year, focuses on Filipino films.
L. Neil Smith established the award in 1979, but it was not awarded regularly until the newly founded Libertarian Futurist Society revived it in 1982.
It was nominated in ten major categories coming in and ended the night with three wins, including its second win for Outstanding Drama Series.
Meanwhile, CBC workers with the CUPE stopped work on 7 November.
The Genée International Ballet Competition is an annual international classical ballet competition organised by the Royal Academy of Dance of London, England.
It may or may not be their first television appearance, however it is their first major television role.
The award was presented to a male Canadian novelist who is in the middle of his career, to honour the entire body of the recipient's work.
No player was selected from 1928 to 1931.
The jury award was awarded without prior nominations until 2012.
As of 2011, Jeff Beck holds the records for the most wins, with six.
The show was held at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by Amy Grant.
They were held at the Beacon Theatre, ending a fourteen-year tradition of holding the ceremony at Radio City Music Hall.
3.3 million viewers saw the show via MTV.
The winners for the 24th Midsouth Emmy Awards were announced on January 30, 2010.
Since its inception in 1985, Asian Paints Sharad Shamman has been heralded as the true achievement for excellence in decorating the abodes for Goddess Durga.
The Grand Prix du Disque for Opera has been awarded since 1948.
It is given out annually by members of the Japan Council for Better Radio and Television.
The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year.
This was the first time that the Daytime Emmys were held outside of New York.
It is one of three writing awards in Technical Awarding category.
There are two separate prizes, one specifically for "Literature", which is in the field of fiction, and the other for "Jewish thought".
The name of the award is a reference to the famous New Zealand mountaineer Sir Edmund Hillary.
Odakkuzhal Award is an Indian literary award given by the Indian literary award every year to writers for a particular outstanding work of him/her in Malayalam–language.
In the television categories the mini-series Empire Falls and the spin-off series Boston Legal led the nominees with four nominations each.
The show was hosted by Trevor Nelson.
It continues to be administered by the Board of the not-for-profit company, The Samuel Johnson Prize Limited.
The National AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the Australian Football League.
Colombian singer-songwriter Juanes has been awarded twice for the music videos for "Volverte a Ver" and "Me Enamora".
Other multiple winners include: Jeremy Camp, Nicole C. Mullen, Mark Hall, and Israel & New Breed with two awards each.
The Mnet Asian Music Award for Best New Male/Female Artist/Group is an award presented annually by CJ E&M Pictures.
A solo artist with a choir or chorus is eligible when the choir/chorus provides backing on what is considered an album for the solo artist."
Pitbull was announced as a host on October 20, 2014.
The Stardust Best Supporting Actor Award is chosen by the readers of the annual Stardust magazine.
It is one of the Magritte Awards, which were established to recognize excellence in Belgian cinematic achievements.
Ars Fennica Award presented by the Henna and Pertti Niemistö Ars Fennica Art Foundation is the biggest Finnish art award that has been awarded since 1991.
It was given to a male or female artist.
From its inception until 2008 it was named in full the BBC FOUR Samuel Johnson Prize and managed by BBC Four.
The TCA Awards are awards presented by the Television Critics Association in recognition of excellence in television.
The Juno Awards of 2008 were held in Calgary, Alberta, Canada on the weekend ending 6 April 2008.
The 2009 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to United States President Barack Obama for his "extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples".
The 52nd Annual Grammy Awards took place on January 31, 2010, at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
The 35th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 24, 1993 and recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year.
The winning writer is awarded $1,000 and a free membership to LTAC.
The ceremony was televised live on Astro's Cantonese channel, Astro Wah Lai Toi.
This award were presented by online entertainment show, Malaysia Kalai Ulagam.
This is the only film awards given to the Government of Bangladesh.
The 22nd Awit Awards were held on December 7, 2009 at the Filoil Flying V Arena, San Juan.
The IEEE Richard Harold Kaufmann Award is a Technical Field Award of the IEEE that was established by the IEEE Board of Directors in 1986.
They commemorate the headmaster Philip Lawrence, who was murdered outside his school in 1995 when going to the aid of a pupil who was being attacked.
The statuette was designed by Louis McManus, who modeled the award after his wife, Dorothy.
The Presets and Infusion have won the award the most times, with two each.
The award was given to Sir William on the occasion of his visit to the United States in the year before he died.
The award is given every year since the 1st Latin Grammy Awards ceremony, which took place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles.
In the event that more than one individual has been directly and importantly involved in creative decisions, a second statuette may be awarded".
He was drafted in the 11th round of the 1969 NFL draft by the Minnesota Vikings, but cut in training camp.
Originally called the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Recording, the honor was presented to artists for eligible songs or albums.
The conference formed in 2013–14 after many schools departed from the original Big East Conference to form a new Big East Conference.
Mariah Carey is the only previous American Music Award of Achievement recipient to receive the award twice.
They attend a televised award ceremony designed to celebrate their achievements and inspire the next generation of scientists.
In 2011 and 2013 the Montreal Prize produced an electronic longlist anthology.
Apart from the required local advertising and network promotional time, all advertising during the awards show is solely by P&G brands.
Following the breaking of the Penn State sex abuse scandal in November 2011, the club announced that the Paterno award would be discontinued.
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Since its inception, the award was given to six hosts.
Dave Rimington was a center who played at the University of Nebraska from 1979 to 1982.
A total of 36 awards were given that night.
The awards were first introduced in 2013.
In 2014 Taschen  publications published a book, Restaurant & Bar Design dedicated to the ongoing work of the Awards.
The Sporting News College Football Coach of the Year Award is an award that is given annually to NCAA college football's national coach of the year.
Each year the awards are judged by a new panel of representatives from the fields of art, architecture, design and gastronomy.
In 2013, Ricky Martin became the first non-Colombian artist to notch the award.
Walter Johnson, Carl Hubbell, and Hal Newhouser are the only pitchers who have won multiple times, Newhouser winning consecutively in 1944 and 1945.
In 2007, 2009 and 2010, the award was awarded with different titles.
NDTV Indian of the Year is the annual award given by the NDTV news channel.
The 2000 medal was won by Fremantle player Paul Hasleby.
Brandy, Chris Brown, Janet Jackson and R. Kelly share the record for the most nominations without a win, with two each.
The following is a list of nominees and recipients of that award, along with the film(s) for which they were nominated.
The award reflects admirable scholarship and moral characteristics as well as sporting success.
Rupp coached Kentucky between 1930 and 1972, and his winning percentage of 82.2% is still the NCAA record.
There was controversy during the nomination process regarding the PBS series Rumpole of the Bailey.
Established in 1995, the award was formerly administered by the University of Pennsylvania, and is administered by the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
icon Alex Trebek and The Brady Bunch actress Florence Henderson serving as the ceremony's hosts.
In 2008, books from 102 countries participated in the competition.
While actors are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the AFA membership as a whole.
The awards were hosted by Family Feud host Richard Dawson, who also won an award for best game show host.
The ceremony was directed by Al Quinn.
And the nominations have been announced for the category of Favorite, which will be chosen by the public via SMS.
Buckingham tied with Don Henley with seven nominations: three for "Slow Dancing" and four for "Go Insane."
The prize is named after Congolese writer Tchicaya U Tam'si.
Since 1992 the award has been presented as Best New Age Album.
The new trophy was presented to the World Champions from Yugoslavia for the first time following the Finals on 9 August 1998 in Athens.
From the award's inception until 1980, one play was named the winner of the award, except for a tie in 1977.
In addition, International Emmys are awarded for excellence in TV programming produced and initially aired outside the United States.
It is an award show which has "Anokhe"(Unique) awards from shows of SAB TV.
At the Latin Grammy Awards of 2010 two rock categories were presented, Rock Album and Best Rock Song.
Multiple nominations for an actor in same category but for different work is eligible.
It is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the film industry.
The Prince Philip Designers Prize is an annual design recognition given by the Chartered Society of Designers awarded by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
The Award nominees are selected by a jury of senior artistes and professionals and voted for by public polling.
In 2014, the accolade was combined with Latin Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Tropical Album.
The category was a former daesang award and was originally titled "Music Video of the Year" until 2005.
The 42nd Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 23, 2000 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
While Dixit has fourteen nominations for Best Actress and two for Best Supporting Actress, Rakhee has eight nominations in each of these categories.
The winners and nominees of the César Award for Best Film.
The 16th Annual Young Hollywood Awards were held on Monday, July 28, 2014 in Los Angeles, California, previously recorded the day before.
The rescue requires a 20 m or yd.
Premios Juventud is an awards show for Spanish-speaking celebrities in the areas of film, music, sports, fashion, and pop culture, presented by the television network Univision.
"Song" in this context means the song as composed, not its recording.
The 1977 winner was Anna Sharkey for Maggie, while in 1978 it was won by Elaine Paige for Evita.
1968 - Sigvard Eklund, Abdus Salam, and Henry DeWolf Smyth
The Gitanjali Literary Prize is a Franco-Indian literary award established in 2012.
The first award ceremony took place on 7 March 2009 in New Delhi.
In 2012, the award was given to Sandoval for the album Dear Diz, which was also nominated for Album of the Year.
The Gandhi–King Award for Nonviolence is presented by The World Movement for Nonviolence.
The awards are presented annually and broadcast live on MTV Italy, as well as online.
In 1992, Jim Converse and Jerry Spradlin were named Co-MOPs.
She appeared at the first Spacey Awards too.
The two founders, Morgan Sommer and Tim Lutz, were awarded the AVN Awards Hall of Fame in 2010.
The second ceremony was held on October 13, 2007 and aired on October 17 of the same year.
J. G. Farrell won the 1973 Man Booker Prize for The Siege of Krishnapur.
A jury of mostly members of the Bühnenerein considers proposals from theatres which may not name their own productions.
Past hosts have included Angus Deayton, and Michael Fish
Two awards of $75,000 each are made each year.
Beyoncé holds the record for the most wins, with three.
The first DGA Award was an “Honorary Life Member” award issued in 1938 to D. W. Griffith.
The medal is sponsored by Toyota Corporation.
Heisman had been active in college athletics as a football player; a head football, basketball, and baseball coach; and an athletic director.
St. Helens' Sean Long made history in 2006 becoming the first player to win the Lance Todd Trophy three times.
Since 1970, nominees have been announced in addition to the winner and are listed with the winner highlighted in blue.
The UK Adult Film and Television Awards were an annual awards ceremony for the adult industry in the United Kingdom, which ran from 2006 to 2008.
Kodansha is Japan's largest publisher of literature and manga.
Finally, two Editor's Choice West End Frame Awards were introduced.
The award, established in 1968, is given annually by the Academic Senate of the University of California, Berkeley.
Grameenphone - Prothom Alo Best Emerging sports Person of the Year
The first competition was held on June 4, 2005.
He is mindful of giving back to a sport and a community he loves.
It is one of the Magritte Awards, which were established to recognize excellence in Belgian cinematic achievements.
Recipients of this award receive a bronze medal, certificate, and honorarium.
The primary ceremonies were televised in Japan on TBS.
The ceremony is broadcast through Canal de las Estrellas in Mexico and Latin America, and Univision in the United States.
It was inaugurated by English Chief Executive Sir Michael Harris Caine in 1992.
He has set a world record by officiating a total of 322 matches, making him the most experienced international umpire.
Since its inception, the award has been given to 75 actresses.
It is sometimes described as the "Oscars of food awards in Paris".
Lionel Richie was named the 2016 honoree.
As of the 2016 ceremony, General Hospital is the most recent recipient of the award.
Downton Abbey walked away with the award for Outstanding Miniseries or Movie, with four wins overall.
The 2010 MuchMusic Video Awards were held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada at MuchMusic's headquarters on June 20, 2010.
Andy Dick portrayed a fictional cousin of Christina Aguilera, Daphne Aguilera, who, in a skit, "attacked" Aguilera in the audience.
A songwriting competition is a contest whereby musicians submit original music to a third party or forum, generally to win a prize or some other benefit.
The 2012 Soul Train Music Awards were held at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas, Nevada on November 25, 2012.
However, since 2004, the winners are selected through an online survey.
The YouTube Music Awards is an awards show presented by YouTube to honor the best in the music video medium.
The 2010 Meteor Music Awards ceremony took place on Friday February 19, 2010 in Dublin.
On July 13, 2009, the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences announced that Neil Patrick Harris would host the Primetime ceremony.
The award is selected by a vote of the Greater Kansas City Football Coaches Association, head coaches in the metro area and selected media members.
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
It awards lifetime achievement awards to films in the annual film festivals, and that portrays Philippine culture and Filipino people to the world.
Imran Khan is a politician of Pakistani descent.
This style promotes more engagement in the story and encourages the reader to think differently about their surroundings, and to be inspired creatively.
Generally the books under consideration have been submitted by their publishers but the panel of judges may honor any eligible book.
Instrumental recordings or cover songs are not eligible.
The duo also earned the Lo Nuestro Award for Artist of the Year in the 2011 ceremony.
The start date for the 2015 entries was October 29, 2014 at 12:00 and the closing date for entries will be January 31, 2015 at 23:59.
The award was first awarded in 2004.
Sanjay Leela Bhansali has 4 and Rajkumar Hirani with 3 awards.Rakesh Roshan and Ashutosh Gowariker has the most wins with 2 awards.
Anthony has also received the Lo Nuestro Award for Pop Male Artist of the Year.
The recipient is chosen by viewers and the winner is announced at the ceremony.
From 1986 to 1997, the category name was changed to Best Music Video, Short Form.
The 11th Golden Melody Awards ceremony was held at the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall in Xinyi District, Taipei, Taiwan, on April 28, 2000.
The game has typically been contested in an east versus west format since the 1920s.
The Claude E. Shannon Award of the IEEE Information Theory Society was instituted to honor consistent and profound contributions to the field of Information Theory.
The Joseph Jefferson Award, more commonly known informally as the Jeff Award, acknowledges excellence in theatre in the Chicago area.
Previously, a similar award, the Grammy Award for Best Soul Gospel Performance, Contemporary, was given from 1978 to 1983.
Hugh Jackman was the host, his fourth time hosting.
The Qwartz Awards recognize all aspects of contemporary art : music, audiovisual works and graphics, instruments, technological innovations, festivals, medias and new media arts.
Rodney was also named Delivery Man in his comeback 2012 season.
The Pride of Britain Awards is an annual award ceremony which takes place in the United Kingdom, first televised on ITV in 1999.
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
The MTV Video Music Award for Ringtone of the Year was only given out in 2006.
If the winning book is a translation, the prize is divided between the writer and the translator, with the writer receiving €75,000 and the translator €25,000.
Hayes served on the board of directors of PNC Bank, Delaware's predecessor banks from 1935 to 1965.
The medal was designed by Margaret Christian Grigor.
2013 - David Quirk - "Shaking Hands With Danger"
Britney Spears marked her first performance at the awards show since the heavily criticized 2007 show nine years prior.
The Libris Literature Award with the Golden Owl and the AKO Literatuurprijs make up the "big three" literature awards for Dutch-language books.
A Britney Spears tribute was held, consisting of adult and children dancers alike, they wore costumes based on the music videos of Spears.
The 2014 Much Music Video Awards was held on June 15, 2014 outside the Much headquarters in downtown Toronto.
2014 Your World Awards is the third annual award hosted by Telemundo, which awarded prizes to the beauty, sports, music, film and telenovela.
The 1998 MTV Video Music Awards aired live on September 10, 1998, honoring the best music videos from June 17, 1997, to June 12, 1998.
Iyanya only received one award from 5 nominations.
The Obie Awards or Off-Broadway Theater Awards are annual awards originally given by The Village Voice newspaper to theatre artists and groups in New York City.
Olamide was the biggest awardee of the night, winning three awards from 7 nominations.
There have also been a total of three repeat winners, but only one—Courtney Vandersloot of Gonzaga—has been Player of the Year three times.
The show will be aired on television on Zee Cafe on March 15th 2013.
The award show was hosted by Choky Sitohang and Tamara Geraldine.
A helmet and goggles rest on the base of the trophy symbolizing the tools of the early test pilot and Jimmy Doolittle himself.
The Actress category was split into Leading Actress and Supporting Actress starting in 2010.
Prior to the trophy's inception, the Strauss Trophy was once presented to the winner.
The awards were established in 1955, with the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director being presented to directors of both plays and musicals.
This was the second time she honored with this award.
The acceptance speech format was altered to add live on-stage interviews with recipients directly following their acceptance speeches for the first time in award show history.
Winners receive a $50,000 cash award and spend two to three non-consecutive weeks in residence at the Bienen School.
In 2015, Orígenes: El Bolero Volumen 3 by Café Quijano was nominated for this award and for Album of the Year.
The ceremony was hosted by Andy Williams.
In 2007, NightMoves added a Hall of Fame to its awards show.
The second recipient, in 1967, was John Backus who was awarded the Mcdowell Award for the development of FORTRAN and the syntactical forms incorporated in ALGOL.
The competitions began in 1997 and ran yearly until 2009.
The 38 centimetre trophy weighs 4.5 kg, is gilded silver and is supported by two cast scroll handles.
The award, originally established in 1988, is organized by The Friends of the Saint Paul Public Library.
The awards are named after Antoinette Perry, an American actress who died in 1946.
The ceremony was held before its usual mid-September date to avoid a conflict with NBC Sunday Night Football.
The Siberian Exiles Cross is a state decoration in Poland awarded by President of Poland.
It is considered to be the Philippine counterpart of the Oscars.
The community includes neuroscientists, ophthalmologists, neurologists, and visual artists that create illusions to help discover the neural underpinnings of illusory perception.
From 2007, the Brit Awards reverted to a live broadcast on British television, on 14 February on ITV.
The show was sponsored by MTN, one of Africa's largest telecommunication companies.
§ – Indicates a performance as a guest performer, prior to the category's creation.
Films in the past two years are eligible for the Golden Rooster awards since 2007.
The 1998 Brit Awards were the 18th edition of the biggest annual pop music awards in the United Kingdom.
Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
Luke Bryan won nine awards, including artist and album of the year, while Miranda Lambert won three.
We've spent a lot of money, and it has been an expensive film.
The number of specific award categories has expanded over the years to include, as of 2014, more than 150 award categories.
The annual award, first presented in 1997, was created in honor of American astronomer, astrobiologist and science popularizer, Carl Sagan.
Not to be confused with the Golden PEN Award
Gavin Wanganeen of the Essendon Football Club won the medal by polling eighteen votes during the 1993 AFL season.
The Outies honor individuals and organizations that are leaders in advancing equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender employees in America’s workplaces.
Winners are expected to give public lectures and form the committee to decide future winners.
Kajol, Rani Mukerji, Vidya Balan, Tabu, Deepika Padukone and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan hold the record of maximum wins with 2 awards.
The show was held at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by Gary Chapman and CeCe Winans.
He later became the chief technology officer and senior vice president at the company.
Categories recognizing excellence in television were added for the 4th edition that took place in 2017.
During 2012 theatre fans were invited to vote in seven categories.
The prize was originally sponsored by Mercury Communications, a brand owned by Cable & Wireless, from which the prize gets its name.
The award for the Most Downloaded Song was given to Mundy and Sharon Shannon's chart hit "Galway Girl".
There were later additional venues in other states.
The national film participated in the 2008 of celebration is a movie that was released in the period March 1, 2007 to January 30, 2008.
The 2011 Brit Awards was held on Tuesday 15 February 2011.
The ceremony was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards.
The trophy is currently presented in four official categories:
They honored achievements in the Philippine music industry for the year 1969.
For the 1st time since 2001, Fuse televised the MMVAs in the United States.
The tie-break was decided based on winning percentage.
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
Hierarchical prizes, where the best award is "first prize", "grand prize", or "gold medal".
It was broadcast on Channel Ten and, for the first time, simultaneously on One HD live and nationally.
Native American works will now be eligible for the Best Regional Roots Music Album category.
Recipients of this award receive a certificate and honorarium.
Four SEC members have yet to have a winner—charter SEC members Alabama and Ole Miss, and 2012 arrivals Missouri and Texas A&M.
Prosser died from a heart attack on July 26, 2007, at age 56.
The biggest winner is K. K. Barrett who won back-to-back awards in 1996 and 1997.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians for the year 1963.
The 1st Magritte Awards ceremony was held in 2011 with Jaco Van Dormael receiving the award for his work in Mr. Nobody.
Three-time nominees are Steve "Silk" Hurley and Masters at Work, although neither artist has won the award.
As of 3rd Hum Awards, there have been 9 sitcoms nominated for the Best Sitcom award.
The IEEE Board of Directors established the award in 1999.
The Technical Theatre Awards were created in 2013 by Ian Taylor and Olivia Dermot Walsh.
Editions XI and XII were held in Thessaloniki, Edition XIII in Wrocław as part of the UNESCO's Grotowski Year.
The Hum Award for Best Supporting Actor is an award presented annually by the Hum Television Network and Entertainment Channel.
Taylor Swift, Han Geng, Justin Bieber and One Direction were the biggest winners taking home three awards each.
The awards show was broadcast on the UP television network on October 21, 2013.
The Gourmand Awards celebrate global cookbook and wine book publishing and feature many world-renowned chefs each year.
Finalists for the three technical awards were announced on 3 October 2012, the date on which finalists for 16 'non-technical' categories were also revealed.
Past hosts have included crime correspondent and former hostage Terry A. Anderson, Amanpour host Christiane Amanpour, and NBC Nightly News anchors Brian Williams and Tom Brokaw.
The name of the award is an homage to the seventeenth-century French dramatist Molière.
The Korea Drama Awards is an awards ceremony for excellence in television in South Korea.
Serialised novels are eligible, provided that the publication date of the concluding part is in the previous year.
For most of its history the Society was based at various premises in London.
Miguel Bosé was honored on November 20, 2013.
Originated by filmmaker and scholar Amit Khanna, the Star Guild Awards have been one of the major award events since 2004.
For six seasons in the 1970s the award was suspended.
The Templeton Prize is an annual award presented by the Templeton Foundation.
The El-Hibri Peace Education Prize is implemented in partnership with Nonviolence International, which manages an independent review process on behalf of the Foundation.
The Nebula Award for Best Novel is given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America for science fiction or fantasy novels.
The National Television Academy announced the winners at Bristol-Myers Squibb in Princeton, New Jersey.
The 30th Primetime Emmy Awards were held on September 17, 1978.
The Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association began presenting its annual awards list in 1991.
The 2011 Billboard Latin Music Awards were held on Thursday April 28, 2011 at the BankUnited Center at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida.
Herbie Hancock was the night's biggest winner, taking home five awards, followed by Michael Jackson, who won three.
In 2006, the award was divided into two separate gender categories and reduced to one specific winner.
It was established in 2014 by the Katara Cultural Village.
It was usually an annual award until 1955, and thereafter has been triennial.
The prizes were handed out according to profession, and any member or guest of the festival was able to vote for their favourite film.
Tie Me Down!, and Little Spain 
The Silver Clef Awards is an annual UK music awards lunch which has been running since 1976.
Only one tie has occurred, while three players have won the award more than once.
First basemen, with 21 winners, have won the most among infielders, followed by third basemen, second basemen, and shortstops.
These honourees assist in the Association's annual Golden Globe Awards presentations by handing out trophies to the winners.
Producer Sergio George won three awards, including Producer of the Year.
At the present time, the winners are selected by the audience through an online survey.
The NAB AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the Australian Football League.
Following is the list of Nigar awards to Urdu films from 1957 to 2002 and Nigar awards to Punjabi films from 1970 to 2002:
For this year only, the comedy and variety categories were combined in acting, directing, and writing.
Two films have seen multiple cast members receive nominations.
The 1st Annual Maya Awards is an award ceremony hororing the best in Indonesian films of 2012.
The Friedrich Nietzsche Prize is the highest award in Germany, awarded exclusively for philosophical and essayistic achievements.
Among the most nominated are Emmylou Harris and Willie Nelson, both nine-time nominees.
In the 2009 ceremony, the category was separated to honor both plays and musicals, but was reinstated as a singular category the following year.
Before 2011–2012 the publishers were permitted to submit only a limited number of candidates.
This article lists all the short-list nominees and winners in the best collection category.
It is given to a feature-length motion picture produced outside the United States of America with a predominantly non-English dialogue track.
Walker has won the award nine times, and Votto has won it six times.
In 1998, they formed their own publishing company and published the first annual Oppenheim Toy Portfolio.
Voting opened for the inaugural and only awards in late 2007.
Following the success from the previous year, Chris Tomlin won six awards, including Artist of the Year and Male Vocalist of the Year.
The Guardian of Zion Award is an annual award given since 1997 to Jews who have been supportive of the State of Israel.
Leading the nominees and awards was BIGBANG with six.
The Magritte Award for Best Cinematography is an award presented annually by the Académie André Delvaux.
The Emmy statuette is fifteen inches tall from base to tip, weighs five pounds and is composed of iron, pewter, zinc and gold.
It recognizes the best planetary science paper, published during the previous year in a peer-reviewed scientific journal, and written by an undergraduate or graduate student.
The first Annual MTV Australia Video Music Awards were held on 3 March 2005 at The Big Top Sydney.
The Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre, more commonly known as the Tony Awards, recognize achievement in Broadway theatre.
The 2nd Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association Awards, given in 1996, honored the best filmmaking of 1995.
The nominees are determined by a team of judges employed by Mediacorp; winners are selected by a majority vote from the entire judging panel.
Only one player—Caleb Green of Oral Roberts—has won the award three times.
Junior guard Bryan Rison of Washington State was the first honoree and the only non-freshman to ever win.
Only one other film, Zero Dark Thirty earned multiple 2012 honors from the DFWFCA.
The Clarence Gaines Award is an award given annually by Collegeinsider.com to the most outstanding men's college basketball head coach in NCAA Division II.
Since 2011, Special Services Award is presented to the deceased person.
The organization, founded in 1990, includes 30 film critics for print, radio, television, and internet publications based in north Texas.
Of the 85 Fellows, the majority are from the United Kingdom, with 30 foreign recipients, mainly from the United States and France.
When the Golden Film was introduced in 2001, it was awarded to films once they had sold 75,000 tickets.
The 2012 Teen Choice Awards ceremony, hosted by Demi Lovato and Kevin McHale, was held on July 22, 2012 and broadcast on Fox.
The award was awarded for the first time in 2007.
While in the first year of the poll 797 votes were returned, the highest vote tally registered in its 29-year history was over 115,000.
The Lo Nuestro Award for Tropical Salsa Male Artist of the Year is an honor presented annually by American network Univision.
At the present time, the winners are selected by the audience through an online survey.
The next competition was held in 2017, contemporary dancer Nafisah Baba was announced as the winner of the overall title on 22 April.
Hedley and Justin Bieber tied for most wins at the 2010 MMVAs with 3 wins each.
The awards honour British people who have acted bravely or extraordinarily in challenging situations and are presented by Carol Vorderman.
Nominations come from the public, and three finalists in each category are then selected by the "Grand Jury of Conspicuous Sensuality".
Eastern Washington and Villanova have won it three times, and six have won it twice: Appalachian State, Colgate, Georgia Southern, Idaho, New Hampshire, and Eastern Illinois.
It has now held at The Fillmore Detroit theatre annually in April.
The NAIA Football Coach of the Year is awarded annually to the best college football coach in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics.
The awards honour British people who have acted bravely or extraordinarily in challenging situations and are presented by Carol Vorderman.
It was awarded to "a young engineering educator of outstanding ability to recognize and encourage his or her contributions to improving engineering teaching".
It has been awarded annually since 1959 to the driver that finishes highest in that year's championship.
Nobel's will specified that annual prizes are to be awarded for service to humanity in the fields of physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, literature, and peace.
Until 2001, the award was presented to the composer of the music alone.
The awarding ceremonies were held on September 1, 2012, at the Peninsula Hotel Manila in Makati City.
Solo artists Rain and BoA lead the nominees with three nominations each.
Skrillex and Justin Timberlake are the only artists to win the award more than once, having won three times and twice, respectively.
The awards are for Broadway productions and performances plus several non-competitive Special Awards.
The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Talk Series is an award presented to the best television variety-style talk show of the year.
The Australian Business Awards is an independent Awards programme designed to recognise and promote excellence, best practice and innovation in the Australian business community.
The prize is worth 100,000 Swiss francs and is awarded within a different discipline each year.
The award is determined by a special panel composed of highly qualified, experienced engineers in the television industry.
In Dowling's final collegiate game, his 1968 Yale team was undefeated, nationally ranked and heavily favored going into The Game against Harvard University at Cambridge.
Worldcons are generally held near Labor Day and in a different city around the world each year.
An example is the John Lennon Songwriting Contest in New York, which was founded by Yoko Ono in 1997 and has existed both online and offline.
Recipients of the award receive a gold medal, wall plaque, and cash prize, ECS Life membership, and a complimentary meeting registration.
They recognized accomplishments of musicians for the year 1965.
Three different organizations have given this award: United Press International, Associated Press, and the SEC coaches.
Past recipients include Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, and Leroy Hood.
They selflessly put themselves in jeopardy to protect the lives or property of others.
Georgetown has had the most winners, with eight.
In 1874 it was renamed the Photographic Society of Great Britain, and from 1894 it became known as The Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain.
The awards were established in 1969, and represent a variety of musical styles, including rock, pop, hip hop, country, and urban.
The awards were administered and presented annually at the Detroit-based multigenre convention Motor City Comic Con.
The minimum eligible length that a work may be is not formally defined by the center.
The nominations and victories were based on votes via text messaging.
In 1959 the award was known as Best Engineered Record - Non-Classical
In May 2015, it was announced the Polaris Music Prize winner will now receive $50,000, an additional $20,000, thanks to the sponsorship of Slaight Music.
It was also streamed live through the MTV app for authenticated users on mobile devices and television sets via iOS, Android and Chromecast.
The Bill Finger Award For Excellence In Comic Book Writing is an American award for excellence in comic book writing.
McDonnell won these awards in Louisville's first three seasons as an ACC member.
The Emmy ceremony was cohosted by David Letterman and Shelley Long.
The award does not entail any prize money.
Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Director is the highest award for film directors in Bangladesh.
It was the highest rated show in the history of the Kids Choice Awards.
‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Filmfare Award
Shabana Azmi and Rekha fetched two wins each in the '80s.
It is one of eleven Technical Awarding category.
"The First Ten" awards ceremony was telecast on PBS television .
An Olympic medal is awarded to successful competitors at one of the Olympic Games.
The Alfred I. duPont–Columbia University Award honors excellence in broadcast and digital journalism in the public service.
The ceremony awards was held at the Studio 6 in Daan Mogot, West Jakarta, on November 29, 2014, and was broadcast on SCTV.
The Olivier Awards are the most prestigious theatrical awards in the United Kingdom and are the UK equivalent of the Tony Awards.
Awards were presented in 42 categories, including Breaking News, Investigative Reporting, Outstanding Interview, and Best Documentary.
The first recipient of this honor was Phyllis Newman.
Approximately 10 semi-finalists are chosen, and the eventual winner is determined by votes from various members of the nationwide news media, former winners and AAU personnel.
The James Fenimore Cooper Prize is a biennial award given for the best Historical American fiction by the Society of American Historians.
The Donald Justice Poetry Award is a national competition sponsored by the Iris N. Spencer Poetry Awards of the West Chester University Poetry Center.
Awards are also given out for non-professional magazines in the fanzine category, and for semi-professional magazines in the semiprozine category.
Novel: works longer than 100 standard pages,
The award covers all areas of research in science including engineering, medicine and agriculture.
It was designed by sculptor Ben Renvall.
Not to be confused with the also-defunct Great Midwest Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year.
The prize money is Rs 25 lakhs, and it also carries a citation and a gold medal.
The award was made for that one show and that show only.
The 39th Annual Japan Record Awards took place on December 31, 1997, starting at 6:30PM JST.
This would allow both the translator and author to receive a $5,000 prize.
It has been given annually since 1942 for "notable scientific or industrial achievement in the field of solid fuels".
The Mnet Asian Music Award for Best Rap Performance is an award presented annually by CJ E&M Pictures.
New York City has the most awards at five, while Boston, Chicago, New Haven, and Washington, D.C. are all tied in second with two awards each.
Chun Guek Lay is the inaugural winner in this category for her performance in Focus.
The ceremony was broadcast on local television station WWOR-TV in New York City.
The accolade was established to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
The Kremlin Cup was named top tournament nine times, once as the organiser of the professional and the junior events.
Notable awards included the Lifetime Achievement Award given to David Fanning, founder and executive producer of Frontline.
In the original Swedish, the word idealisk translates as either "idealistic" or "ideal".
It was Ablett's first Brownlow, despite winning many other awards in the previous few years and being the Brownlow pre-count favourite for the previous three years.
Andre Norton Award nominees and winners are chosen by members of the SFWA, though the authors of the nominees do not need to be members.
Some 1,650 villages entered the competitions each year.
The band members of Café Tacvba and Calle 13 are the only songwriters to have received this award more than once.
It is awarded each November to recognise fantastic or unusual works.
The awards recognized the biggest artists and songs of the year.
The event was hosted by Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie with Blink-182, JoJo, Lenny Kravitz, and Ashlee Simpson as performers.
The award is given to the performers, producers, audio engineers and mastering engineer for new songs in Spanish or Portuguese language.
It is widely recognized as Singapore's pinnacle arts award.
Since its introduction, the Crystal Film has been awarded to twelve films.
The award may be presented annually to an individual or a team of up to three people.
In 2006, the prize instituted a longlist for the first time, comprising no fewer than 10 and no more than 15 titles.
It commemorates Charlemagne, ruler of the Frankish Empire and founder of what became the Holy Roman Empire, who resided and is buried at Aachen.
The award was established in 1992 as the Young Investigator Award and renamed in 1998, when it was endowed by Michael Bárány and Kate Bárány.
The important "Artist of the Decade" award was won by P-Square.
The World Fantasy Awards are a set of awards given each year for the best fantasy fiction published during the previous calendar year.
The fan award was first presented in 1967 and has been awarded annually.
Scarlett Moffatt became a backstage presenter for the 2017 ceremony.
The 39th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 26, 1997, at Madison Square Garden, New York City.
The 46th Japan Record Awards were held on December 31, 2004, and were broadcast live on TBS.
The Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director is an annual award presented by The Society of London Theatre in recognition of achievements in commercial British theatre.
The awards started in 2003 and are hosted every May and June in the UK.
Jimmy Bartel of the Geelong Football Club won the medal by polling twenty-nine votes during the 2007 AFL season.
Instituted on 6 August 1959, it is awarded for personal merit and service to the nation, both civil and military.
Currently, it amounts to 1.8 million RUB.
Through 2017, Ohio has the most all-time winners with eleven.
Nominees were announced on April 30, 2007, and the voting for the main categories ran until the end of May.
The awards expanded beyond their original music focus, to include sport, entertainment, the arts, health, education and training in the Indigenous Australian community.
The corresponding trophy of the OHL Eastern Conference is the Bobby Orr Trophy.
The 20th annual Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards were held on March 31, 2007, hosted by Justin Timberlake.
Leading the nominations was Ellie Goulding with five nominations.
The Newfoundland and Labrador Tidy Towns competition is sponsored by Municipalities Newfoundland & Labrador and was begun in 1997.
It is named for Homer's eighth century BCE epic poem Odyssey, which was transmitted orally, to remind us modern people of the ancient roots of storytelling.
Nominations were announced 11 February 2002 at a news conference hosted by Mike Bullard.
Dimple Kapadia, in 1973, became the youngest winner and youngest nominee at the age of 16.
The Dame Annabelle Rankin Award is a biennial award presented by the Queensland Branch of the Children's Book Council of Australia.
The Ghanta Awards is a live show shaped by online voting by the audience.
rewards and celebrates outstanding youth in Uganda.
The category is defined to include any combination of actors, actresses, props, or body parts.
The only songwriter to receive this award in more than one occasion is René Pérez.
The awards are the typical of most athletic awards, such as Most Valuable Player and Defensive Seminole Warrior Awards.
Presenters included Fat Joe, Timbaland and Moby.
Nominees were announced on June 14, 2008 via the channel.
It rewards the best French language film made outside France each year.
Throughout its history, this award has had minor name changes: "Best Latin Pop Performance" and "Best Latin Pop Album".
The award was created in 1931 by Dr. D. M. Nigro and continued until Dr. Nigro's death in 1976.
Headquartered in Middletown, Pennsylvania, the PIHA is considered to be one of the premier inline hockey leagues in the United States.
Catchers, with 3 winners, won the most among infielders, followed by first basemen, second baseman, and third baseman.
Previous recipients include many well-known professionals in a wide variety of fields.
Eligible films are usually in the French language.
At these Tony Awards, the longest-running musical on Broadway, Andrew Lloyd Webber's Phantom of the Opera, competed for awards and received the season's Best Musical award.
The highlights programme was presented on ITV after the ceremony.
The Chesleys were initially called the ASFA Awards, but were later renamed to honor famed astronomical artist Chesley Bonestell following his death in 1986.
The 2005 Laurence Olivier Awards were held in 2005 in London celebrating excellence in West End theatre by the Society of London Theatre.
The ceremony was the sixth consecutive Mnet Asian Music Awards to be hosted outside of South Korea.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year.
As of 2014, the wording is "Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Comedy or Musical".
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Sensors Council Meritorious Service Award recognizes outstanding long-term service with dedication, effort and contribution to the IEEE Sensor Council.
The Mainichi Film Award for Best Screenplay is a film award given at the Mainichi Film Awards.
The original equivalent of the award was called My Favourite Television Roles of the Year, which was created in 2003.
The NAB AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the Australian Football League.
This is a list of winners and nominees of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Character Voice-Over Performance.
Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert won 5th of Male Vocalist and Female Vocalist.
Fitzgerald holds the record for the most wins in this category, with four.
The 37th Primetime Emmy Awards were held on September 22, 1985.
The Friedrich Nietzsche Prize or Friedrich-Nietzsche-Preis is a German literary award named after Friedrich Nietzsche and awarded by the state of Saxony-Anhalt.
Winners of the 1st Annual Streamy Awards included individual recipients, and web series.
As the other general categories, the public is able to vote for the winner via MTV's website since 2009.
The award was first given following the 1951–52 season.
The 41st American Music Awards was held on November 24, 2013 at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in Los Angeles.
The nominees were announced October 13, 2014.
The current holders, as of the 2016 ceremony are Carlos Vives, Shakira, and Andrés Castro for the song "La Bicicleta".
The ARRL International Humanitarian Award is an award by the American Radio Relay League given to
The 2009 Brit Awards ceremony took place on Wednesday 18 February 2009.
With the demise of UPI in 1997, the award was discontinued.
Games were played with members of the audience, giving away cash and prizes worth $100,000.
David Freese, the 2011 NLCS MVP, was the last to accomplish the double win until Madison Bumgarner's brilliant performances in 2014.
The SAMAs are considered the South African equivalent of the American Grammy Awards.
In one occasion, in 2001, the award was presented to the whole people of India and it was taken delivery of by president R. Venkataraman.
The award was established in 1996, by Mary Rodgers in honor of her late father Richard Rodgers.
The Duty to God program for young men is roughly equivalent to the Personal Progress program for young women in the LDS Church.
The award was given to Miguel, who also earned the Latin Grammy Awards for Album of the Year and Male Pop Vocal Performance for "Tu Mirada".
The Sami Rohr Prize for Jewish Literature is an annual prize awarded to an outstanding literary work of Jewish interest.
There are seven official design categories, and three additional awards.
approach and a 20 m or yd.
Chosen by the MusiCares Foundation, award recipients are honored during "Grammy week" with an "all-star" tribute concert that helps to raise money for the foundation.
This was the 24th installment of the award show and the second time the Nokia Theatre would serve as its venue.
The Felix Chayes Prize is presented in alternate years for Excellence in Research in Mathematical Petrology by the International Association for Mathematical Geosciences.
Meril Prothom Alo Awards or Prothom Alo Awards is an annual Bangladeshi awards ceremony honouring cinematic achievements in Bangladeshi Film Industry.
The winner and nominees of this award are chosen by television industry juries.
The Prize is widely regarded as the most prestigious award available in fields which are traditionally not honored with a Nobel Prize.
On July 10, 2008, it was announced that the GWC would change from a football-only conference into an all-sports conference.
In 1979, the award was named Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or Special.
The ceremony took place on 2 December 2012 at the Sunway Convention Centre in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Days of Our Lives won two awards including Outstanding Drama Series.
The 1st Magritte Awards ceremony was held in 2011 with Anne Coesens receiving the award for her role in Illegal.
The contest's result inspired the Harvard Crimson the next day to print the headline, "Harvard Beats Yale, 29-29".
He has acted in at least three hundred TV plays, one hundred fifty stage plays, two hundred radio plays and fifty films.
Anna Fienberg holds the record for most nominations with six, and Barbara Fienberg has the most nominations without winning, having been a losing finalist four times.
Only once in 2003 was the award presented in the Cinema House in Moscow.
In 2011, the Academic All-America program was expanded from two to four divisions.
Record of the Year is awarded for a single or for one track from an album.
From 1968 onwards, the two awards merged into one award, which from 1968 to 1984 was known as Best Actress.
The pre-count favourites for the medal were Wayne Carey, Wayne Campbell, Peter Matera, James Hird and Craig Bradley.
The award aims to promote quality services to the consumers and to give special recognition to organisations that contribute significantly towards the quality movement of India.
At €50,000, it was the highest-valued sculpture prize in Europe.
Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
The years given are those in which the ceremonies took place:
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
1600 public tickets were made available, but all were sold late September, approximately one month after the $170 CAD tickets were offered for sale.
Jumbo De Belen and Jonathan Manalo came next receiving six nods.
Mexican band La Original Banda el Limón de Salvador Lizarraga are the most nominated band without a win, with four unsuccessful nominations.
The trophy is silver gilt and has been presented to the winner of the Rugby World Cup since the first competition in 1987.
Nine outfielders won the MVP Award, the most of any position.
When the award was originally given it was titled Outstanding Achievement of the Year in Ballet before being renamed to its current title in 1986.
The Wood Awards is a British award for working with wood.
Leading the nominees were the boy-band group H.O.T.
The Q Awards have included many awards recognising a lifetime of achievement, rather than achievements over the year in question.
The Ovid Prize, established in 2002, is a literary prize awarded annually to an author from any country, in recognition of a body of work.
Even get more than ten nominations, Berbagi Suami failed to win any of the awards.
Jack Neo holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with three.
The Polaris Music Prize is modeled after United Kingdom/Ireland's Mercury Prize and in turn, inspired the Atlantis Music Prize for Newfoundland and Labrador.
Receiving the lower Honored... award makes the recipient eligible to receive the higher People's... award at a later time.
Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year.
This category was later renamed to Best Jazz Vocal Album beginning in 2001.
This edition of the MTV VMA were followed by 9.8 million people in the United States through the various channels MTV for broadcast use.
Bangladesh Cholochchitra Shangbadik Samity gave out their most prestigious awards to outstanding performers of the silver screen, small screen, music, dance and theatre.
The Bronze Medallion endurance swim requirement is 500 meters in 15 minutes using any combination of strokes.
In the first three years of the awards, actresses were nominated as the best in their categories.
The 4th Houston Film Critics Society Awards were presented on December 18, 2010.
They are run by the British Phonographic Industry and took place on 14 February 1994 at Alexandra Palace in London.
Selena Gomez was awarded the Ultimate Choice Award during the show.
On that very night, a new category of Most Popular Artiste was introduced, which is still maintained until now.
In a song – Bread and Roses – commemorating the event, the strikers supposedly struck "for bread, and for roses too."
As such, there have been multiple occasions of a film being nominated in two of these categories.
Prominent nominees were Alanis Morissette and Shania Twain who had recent internationally successful albums who both won Grammy Awards on 28 February 1996.
The Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Original Story is an award presented annually by the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority.
The Africa Movie Academy Awards, popularly known as AMAA and The AMA Awards, are presented annually to recognize excellence of professionals in the film industry.
People who vote on the website have chances to get tickets to see the live show in London.
The biggest winner this year was Loverboy with a record six awards in various categories including Group, Album and Single of the Year.
Beyoncé led the nominations with a total of eleven, followed by Adele, who had eight.
Begun in 2001 by Toby Rose, it is awarded to the best performance by a canine or group of canines during the festival.
General Hospital is the soap opera with the most awarded actresses, with a total of eight.
The UPI College Basketball Player of the Year was an annual basketball award given to the best men's basketball player in NCAA Division I competition.
The first joint recipients of the award were Lane Kirkland and his wife Irena who won the prize in 1981.
Winners were chosen via a poll of 3,500 entertainment industry insiders who read The Hollywood Reporter.
Tin Man's win for Outstanding Makeup for a Miniseries or Movie made The Wizard of Oz the third franchise to complete EGOT status.
From its creation until 1982, it was known as the Canadian College Bowl.
It is recognized today as one of the most authoritative private awards.
The 1987 Laurence Olivier Awards were held in 1987 in London celebrating excellence in West End theatre by the Society of London Theatre.
It was broadcast on RTÉ Two on February 21, 2010 at 21:00.
There are also a number of false Stella Awards circulating on the Internet.
At the present time, the winners are selected by the audience through an online survey.
The 2013 Canon Media Awards were presented on Friday 10 May 2013 at the Pullman Hotel in Auckland, New Zealand.
The results are decided by a panel of judges from a list of submitted nominees; the long-list of nominees is reduced to a short-list of finalists.
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
These two-year fellowships are awarded to 126 researchers yearly.
The Big Eight Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year was an annual basketball award given to the Big Eight Conference's most outstanding player.
The MOFA Huayu Enrichment Scholarship, is a competitively awarded international scholarship for studying the Mandarin language in Taiwan.
The show that followed was called The BRITs Encore.
As of 2017, Mexican singer José José is the most nominated performer without a win with six unsuccessful nominations.
The Foundation also recognizes individuals who demonstrate outstanding support for the NFF and its mission of promoting the game of amateur football.
The 1st Awit Awards were held in March 23, 1969, in Makati.
The Spacey Awards was an annual award presented by the Canadian cable network Space from 2003–2007.
It is modeled after the Academy Award.
The awards are presented annually by the Houston Film Critics Society based in Houston, Texas.
The two-day championship consists of four teams who have advanced to the finals of the OUA men's basketball playoffs.
Gara-Gara Bola won two awards, and other films taking home one award each.
The award is named after Mahatma Gandhi and Dr Martin Luther King.
The Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Lyrics is the highest award for lyrics of film music in Bangladesh.
Honorary degree or position, such as honorary Professor
Fox have been nominated for the award on seven occasions, the most within the category.
The 8th Screen Actors Guild Awards, honoring the best achievements in film and television performances for the year 2001, took place on March 10, 2002.
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
At the ceremony, Jennifer Lopez received the Icon Award.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year.
The following are the Phenomenal Box Office Star Awards given by the Box Office Entertainment Awards.
The 2011 Billboard Music Awards were held May 22, 2011 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada and hosted by Ken Jeong.
The Nommination screen is Inspiring The 2012 MelOn Music Awards
The award was first presented to Puerto Rican musicians Eduardo Cabra and René Pérez of the duo Calle 13 in 2007.
Birdman won in Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Director, Best Cinematography, and Best Screenplay.
The award was first given following the 1978–79 season, the first year of the ASUN's existence, when it was known as the Trans America Athletic Conference.
The Lumières Award for Most Promising Actor is a French annual award presented by the Académie des Lumières since 2000.
Every November four to seven individuals or publications are honored at a banquet in New York City and given an award.
The Senior CLASS Award is presented each year to the outstanding senior NCAA Division I Student-Athlete of the Year in women's soccer.
Neil Young holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with four.
The Taipei Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards is a film festival and awards ceremony held annually in Taiwan.
It is the right venue where one can collaborate and define agreements and exchange points of view.
Poems are submitted to the association by the poets, from which approximately 30 are chosen by an editor to be published in an anthology each fall.
The nation with the most cumulative nominations is the United States, with 17 of the 31 nominations to date.
The Golden Raspberry Awards is an award in recognition of the worst in film.
To date, the team has lost four Super Bowls.
M*A*S*H and Mary Tyler Moore had the most major nominations with ten.
The ceremony takes place in the Royal Albert Hall each May.
The award was first given following the Big Ten's first full season of women's basketball in 1982–83.
Journalism, Fashion, Film and Photography, Overall Achiever of the Year and the ceremony will be
In 1998, Barbra Streisand received nominations for the songs "I Finally Found Someone" and "Tell Him".
The Stripschapprijs is a Dutch prize awarded to comic creators for their whole work.
In 1998 the award was renamed Outstanding Achievement in an Animated Theatrical Feature, only to revert to its original title again in 2001.
In 1994, after the death of long-time comics enthusiast and publisher Don Thompson, the awards were renamed in Thompson's honor.
Second City Television also garnered every nomination in a category, for Outstanding Writing in a Variety, Music or Comedy Program.
The honor was inaugurated to recognize "ongoing contributions and influence in the recording field".
The various ASTM Committees do not award this every year and some committees average one award every 4–5 years.
It was first awarded in 2011, at the inaugural NFL Honors awards show.
The ARY Film Award for Best Directing and Best Film have been very closely linked throughout their history.
Books must be written, or largely written by authors or editors normally living in the UK, or international books available for purchase in the UK.
The 2008 Meteor Music Awards ceremony was held in the RDS, Dublin on Friday, 15 February 2008.
Puerto Rican singer Gilberto Santa Rosa is the most nominated artist without a win, with ten unsuccessful nominations.
For its seventh season, Everybody Loves Raymond won its first Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series.
Myx Music Awards 2016 is the 11th installment of the Myx Music Awards acknowledging the past year's biggest hitmakers in the Philippine music industry.
The NFL Honors is an annual awards presentation in the National Football League.
The awards ceremony was held at The O2 in London, and was presented for the third time in three years by James Corden.
Victor Emmanuel Carmelo 'Vim' Nadera served as Master of Ceremonies.
The 7th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held for the first time in New York City, NY.
The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie.
Up until 2015, the Payton and Buchanan Awards were awarded by The Sports Network.
The 30th TCA Awards were held on July 19, 2014, in a ceremony, hosted by Terry Crews, at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California.
The awards were introduced to replace the Sanlam-NBC Music Awards, which were run by Sanlam Namibia and the Namibian Broadcasting Corporations.
The Prize is also created to recognize and support young people of exceptional promise who have already made outstanding contributions to the field of mathematical physics.
The inaugural awards took place at a ceremony in London on 23 April 2010.
The awards are best remembered for the expletive-filled acceptance speech given by Breakfast presenter Paul Henry upon winning the People's Choice Award.
Everybody Loves Raymond became the first comedy to have its final season win the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series since Barney Miller in 1982.
The World Fantasy Awards are given each year by the World Fantasy Convention for the best fantasy fiction published in English during the previous calendar year.
Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
Programs from the Seven Network have received the most nominations with seven.
In addition, all previous Heisman winners may vote, and one final vote is counted through public balloting.
The Juno Awards of 1985, representing Canadian music industry achievements of the previous year, were awarded on 4 November 1985 in Toronto.
Mario Andretti won the first award in 1967.
Younis holds the record for the most runs and the most centuries scored by a Pakistani in test cricket history.
The 10th Annual Latin Grammy Awards took place on Thursday, November 5, 2009 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, Nevada.
It is held annually on December 31.
A list of rules is presented every year in a document of regulations.
The awarding ceremonies were held on September 1, 2013, at the Peninsula Hotel Manila in Makati City.
For the 2016 ceremony, the award was renamed Best Entertainment Program.
The 2016 Laurence Olivier Awards were held on Sunday 3 April 2016 at the Royal Opera House, London.
Brenda Makamoeafi and Hassanah Iroegbu of 1990s hip hop duo Sisters Underground reunited to perform their 1994 hit "In the Neighbourhood".
Since its inception, the award has been given to 25 actors.
The awards were administered and organised by Booksellers New Zealand, an industry organisation which represents over 90% of New Zealand booksellers.
It was awarded annually to the best variety show or similarly formatted program of the year.
The 14th Annual Japan Record Awards took place at the Imperial Garden Theater in Chiyoda, Tokyo, on December 31, 1972, starting at 7:00PM JST.
Neil Young was presented with the Allan Waters Humanitarian Award for his work in such causes as Farm Aid.
It was first awarded in 1984 and presented to The Cars for the video "You Might Think".
Europa Nostra is a pan-European Federation for Cultural Heritage, representing citizens’ organisations that work on safeguarding Europe's cultural and natural heritage.
The Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature winners for 2013.
Anne Murray was the host for the ceremonies, which were broadcast on CBC Television.
The ceremony was hosted by Danny Kaye and Bill Cosby.
Macklemore & Ryan Lewis had eight nominations, including top duo/group.
The 9th Houston Film Critics Society Awards nominations were announced on the December 13, 2015.
Works published in English elsewhere in the world are also eligible provided they are released on either a website or in an electronic edition.
Gloc-9 and Vic Valenciano came next receiving six nods.
Creighton had a 30-16 regular season to win the conference title.
Twenty-eight outfielders have won the MVP Award, the most of any position.
In 2001, the last edition for 13 years was presented on Comedy Central.
The Hugo Award for Best Novel has been awarded annually by the World Science Fiction Society since 1953, except in 1954 and 1957.
The 24th Awit Awards were held on December 12, 2011 at the Music Museum located in Greenhills, San Juan.
The name of the trophy was the Walter A.
The show was held in Nashville, Tennessee.
The awards recognize many different types of contributors to theatre, including actors, directors, producers, prop makers, set designers, costume designers, and choreographers.
The show was hosted by Patti LaBelle, Ahmad Rashād and Dionne Warwick.
The Tejano Music Award for Female Vocalist of the Year is an honor presented to female Tejano music recording artists.
It is presented as part of an exhibition of contemporary art, which since 1982 has been called the Carnegie International and held every 3 years.
The awards night was hosted by Vilma Santos, Eric Quizon, Vic Sotto, Mari Kaimo and to be directed by Al Quinn.
Other Latin categories were also either merged or discontinued.
Tina Arena was inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame at the ceremony.
The Channel [V] Thailand Music Video Awards established in 2002 by Channel [V] Thailand.
George Bodenheimer, former ESPN president, was honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award for Sports.
Based on a theme of "Respect", the tournament and festivals were first held in 2007 in the city of Seoul.
Initially, the winner received £10,000, roughly 48,000 RUB or $16,000.
This award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and widely regarded as the most prestigious award that a scientist can receive in physics.
It is a play on words between the pronunciation of the French letters and the French word "énergie".
This was their second time hosting, and their first since 2001.
During the 68 nomination years, 141 authors have had works nominated; 48 of these have won, including co-authors, ties, and Retro Hugos.
The National Book Awards are a set of annual U.S. literary awards.
Two different players have won the award three times.
The 1st Latin American Music Awards was held on October 8, 2015, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, California.
The Prémio Autores are awards presented annually by the Sociedade Portuguesa de Autores since 2010.
Awards for gay adult video were a part of the AVN Awards from the 1986 ceremony through the 1998 ceremony.
However, these dramatic performances often included actors from miniseries, telefilms, and guest performers competing against main cast competitors.
The award has had several minor name changes:
And just like the Myx Music Awards 2012, fans can vote online through Myx's official website, Twitter and Facebook.
Worldcons are generally held near Labor Day, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
Toh Xin Hui is the most recent winner in this category for her role in The Gentlemen.
The first two ceremonies took place at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada on December 6, 2010 and December 5, 2011.
The reason for the selection of this particular age threshold is unclear.
Actor Jay Baruchel was the host of the ceremony.
The award show's creator was Bob Stivers, who produced the first show in 1975.
While, it is a civilian award, it can also be bestowed upon military officers of the Pakistan Armed Forces and worn on the uniform.
This award was first presented in 1972, and was discontinued after 2014.
TBS broadcast the event, which will take place again at New National Theatre in Shibuya, Tokyo.
For the awards for literature on cinema a separate jury is formed.
The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards UK, also known as the KCAs, is an annual awards show, similar to the American and Australian versions.
For the homonymous awards in West Australia, see West Australian Music Industry Awards.
Wayman Tisdale of Oklahoma and Danny Manning of Kansas are the only players to have received the award three times.
The Sapir Prize for Literature of Israel is a prestigious annual literary award presented for a work of literature in the Hebrew language.
The name of the award is a portmanteau of fan and podcast.
It also won twice for Outstanding Variety Series when the two categories were combined.
The award trophies are designed and hand-made by British Silversmith and porcelain designer Kerry O'Connor.
The Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical has been presented since 1950.
They were hosted by Kevin James, and broadcast on CBS.
Beginning with the 16th ceremony held in 1944, however, winners received full-sized statuettes.
Peabody Award winners include radio and television stations, networks, online media, producing organizations, and individuals from around the world.
In 2013, this is officially known as the Lifebroker AFL Mark of the Year.
Miley Cyrus took home the "Candie's Fashion Trendsetter" award.
The Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award is and award presented annually by the Filmfare magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Kannada films.
It was, and was again awarded in 2010; it was ratified as a permanent category after the 2012 awards.
In cinema, it is the French equivalent of the Academy Award in the United States and the BAFTA Awards in the United Kingdom.
The award was first given following the 19??–??
On August 21, 2010, the Creative Arts Emmy Awards were presented at the same venue.
According to the Academy, "these disciplines are chosen so as to complement those for which the Nobel Prizes are awarded".
Each year, one or more nominees are honored with a medal in the name of Jun-ichi Nishizawa, considered to be the father of Japanese microelectronics.
The show was hosted by Tiwa Savage and Dr SID, two artists signed to Mavin Records.
As for the category of Best, will be selected by a jury that has been appointed.
The Nebula Award for Best Novella has been awarded annually since 1966.
† - indicates the performance won the Tony Award
The nominees were announced on October 8, 2015.
The trophy, inaugurated in 2007, was the first such award to honour drivers with the most fastest laps.
Before 1987, a limited edition Henry Moore sculpture accompanied the monetary prize.
‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Tony Award
The awards ceremony was named as one of the 12 'Must Attend' web series events for creators and fans of online content by Raindance.
The award is $10,000 and a bronze sculpture; other finalists get $1000, a medal, and a citation written by the panel.
It was first awarded at the 1st Mnet Asian Music Awards ceremony held in 1999; the band H.O.T.
Shigeru Miyamoto, in 2010, became the first citizen of an Asian country to receive the award.
The Alley Awards were tallied yearly for comic books produced during the previous year.
The program awards gift certificates to buy books at independent bookstores affiliated with IndieBound, a program run by the American Booksellers Association.
Then the nominators of unsuccessful candidates will be notified of the status of their nomination.
The special received 11.61 million viewers, the fourth-most that night.
The nominees are chosen based on the top ten highest selling Australian single releases, based on ARIA chart sales statistics, during the eligibility period.
They were named in honor of Vicente Huidobro's work.
Winners were selected by the publication's theater critics, and would receive a certificate at an annual awards ceremony.
Zoe Tay is the most recent winner in this category for her role in You Can Be An Angel 2.
The show returned to the MGM Grand Garden Arena in 2016 then moved to the new T-Mobile Arena in 2017.
The 1998 medal was won by Kangaroos player Byron Pickett.
Since its inception, the award has been given to four presenters.
Nine voice actors from The Simpsons have won a combined 14 Emmys.
The Citra Awards, described by Screen International as "Indonesia's equivalent to the Oscars", are the country's most prestigious film awards.
Another oddity in the Outstanding Comedy Series category was that not one show nominated the previous year was nominated this year.
The Tejano Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony recognizing Tejano music musicians.
The 26th Annual GMA Dove Awards were held on April 27, 1995 to recognizing accomplishments of musicians for the year 1994.
The first award was given to Robert Hare, for his invention of the oxy-hydrogen blowpipe, in 1839.
It functions through an alternative judging process based upon narrow criteria.
Occasionally, especially in the first few years of the award, some publishing companies were nominated along with individual editors and publishers.
It was nominated for all eleven years that it ran and won four times.
This includes one to António Egas Moniz in 1949 for the prefrontal leucotomy, bestowed despite protests from the medical establishment.
The Kinema Junpo Awards for Best Film of the Year is given by Kinema Junpo as part of its annual Kinema Junpo Awards for Japanese films.
It is to honour outstanding achievements in the South Korean entertainment industry and to garner public attention upon the best in Korean films, television, and theater.
Until 2015, the Olivier Awards did not honour supporting musical performances separately and was therefore a unisex category, honouring both male and female actors.
As of January 2016, the titleholder is Penny Pax.
Special account is taken of those who have shown outstanding dedication to the rule of law and courage in the face of adversity, including personal risk.
The Sci Fi channel received its first major nomination this year for Outstanding Miniseries for Taken, for which it won.
The nominees are voted by GiMA's jury, who have some of the most respected artistes in the country.
Since 2013 the prize has been awarded by Society 1858.
The awards are presented by the Broadcast Film Critics Association and was first presented in 1995.
Highlights of the show included a pre-show set by little-but-soon-to-be-widely known No Doubt, who performed on the entrance marquee of Radio City Music Hall.
The award is given each year at a formal ceremony.
The Nebula Awards annually recognize the best works of science fiction or fantasy published in the United States.
The FICEB moved to Madrid in 2008 and was held at the Room Fabrik.
In 2011, when TV Guide Network re-did their list of "25 Biggest TV Blunders", this ceremony was included.
The 31st Annual Japan Record Awards took place at the Nippon Budokan in Chiyoda, Tokyo, December 31, 1989, starting at 7:00PM JST.
The first competition took place on 20 August 2012, during 2012 London Olympic Games.
The Priestley Medal is the highest honor conferred by the American Chemical Society and is awarded for distinguished service in the field of chemistry.
He ended up polling the equal-third most number of votes, tying with Sydney's Lance Franklin on 22 votes.
Hugh Jackman hosted for the third time in a row.
The 2016 Tejano Music Awards is the 36th annual upcoming event, awarding artists in 12 categories.
The show was hosted by Jimmy Fallon at the Radio City Music Hall in New York City.
Kelly Osbourne, Josh Horowitz, Christina Garibaldi and British singer Jessie J hosted the pre-show.
One prize, he stated, should be given "to the person who shall have made the most important 'discovery' or 'invention' within the field of physics".
The 2010 MTV Europe Music Awards took place on November 7, 2010 at Caja Mágica in Madrid, Spain.
Reggae also received its own category, after years of being included under banners such as "world beat" or mixed with calypso.
It has been awarded since the 58th Annual Writers Guild of America Awards in 2006.
The 2000 TV Guide NZ Television Awards were staged on Saturday 11 November 2000 at the Aotea Centre in Auckland, New Zealand.
The Mary Clark Thompson Medal is awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences "for most important service to geology and paleontology."
Rear of the Year is a light-hearted British award for celebrities who are considered to have a notable posterior.
Formally called The Commissioner's Cup, it was renamed The Sasser Cup after former commissioner Buddy Sasser.
The award prize will be five hundred thousand Indian rupees, a certificate and a gold medal weighing eight grams.
to commemorate excellence in daytime programming from the previous year.
The BMI Awards are annual award ceremonies for songwriters in various genres organized by Broadcast Music, Inc..
He was educated at Islamia College, Civil Lines, Lahore.
The Seldom Scene and Rhonda Vincent share the record for the most nominations without a win, with five each.
Categories recognizing excellence in television were added for the 4th edition that took place in 2017.
Since 2003, honourable mentions and high commendations have been awarded intermittently.
Only one player—Larry Krystkowiak of Montana—has won the award three times.
Justin Bieber won six awards, including Best Male and Best Worldwide Act.
Of current league members, Omaha and South Dakota have had no winners.
The Galaxy Award is a Japanese production award for television, radio and commercials.
The Usual Suspects received four awards, more than any other film.
After the acquisition, Selvaratnam was an executive vice president of engineering at HID Global Corporation.
The award is named after revue instructor, composer and director Einar Leonard Schanke, one of Norway's most important revue personalities.
The winner is chosen in a competition juried by peers from the journalism industry.
The tournament which the trophy is played for is also known as the Wile Cup.
Other parts of the show, however, took place in various locations such as London, Miami, and New Haven, Connecticut.
The award was announced on December 12, 2010 and the first ever nominations for 2010 Awards were published online through various entertainment websites on December 15.
In 2013, the name was changed to Most Popular Female Television Role.
The International Academy of Astronautics awards the Luigi Napolitano Book Award annually.
Baker Award provided by the Institute of Radio Engineers, was created in 1956 from a donation from Walter R. G. Baker to the IRE.
The following year onwards the award for Best Female Pop Vocal Album was presented.
The Spur Award is an annual literary prize awarded by the Western Writers of America.
The British Academy Television Awards began in 1955.
MTV first broadcast the award show on 8 June at 9:00 pm ET.
The National Pitcher of the Year Award is a college baseball award given to the best pitcher of the college baseball season.
The 70th British Academy Film Awards were held on 12 February 2017 at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
It is the most important German movie award and the most highly endowed German cultural award with cash prizes totalling about three million euros.
At the 2005 Tejano Music Awards, the ceremony celebrated their "silver anniversary" and awarded Tejano artists in 14 categories, the most categories since 1995.
Hosts for the 2012 APRA Music Awards were Missy Higgins and Jonathan Biggins.
The prize was inaugurated in 2000, and was presented biennially until 2004.
Leading the nominees were duo Big Mama and solo artist Lee Hyori, with three each.
The EFQM Excellence Award is a transnational quality award that recognises European businesses with "excellent and sustainable results" across all areas of the EFQM Excellence Model.
The show was hosted by Shaan Shahid, Meera and from the members of BNN.
The 21st Annual European Film Awards took place on December 6, 2008 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Beginning the following year, Burrows would begin a new streak that lasted another six years.
The award ceremonies are usually held at the mid of the year.
Prior year winners, dating back to the league's first season, were retroactively recognized on the award's website.
The 6th Annual GMA Dove Awards were held on 1974 recognizing accomplishments of musicians for the year 1973.
One for Actress of the Year in a New Play and the other for Actress of the Year in a Revival.
The Primetime Emmy Award is an American award bestowed by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in recognition of excellence in American primetime television programming.
Waltz with Bashir is the only animated film ever nominated for Best Foreign Language Film.
It has been awarded since the 50th Annual Writers Guild of America Awards in 1996.
The number of specific award categories has expanded over the years to include, as of 2014, more than 150 award categories.
Eight of the winners were sophomores, seven were juniors, and the remaining 27 were seniors.
For the first time since 1979, James Burrows did not receive a Directing nomination, ending his run at 17 consecutive years.
A separate comedy award was established in 2006, and the name reverted to Best Lead Actor in a Television Drama.
It set a new record when it received nine major nominations, the most ever for a television movie.
Bouchercon is an annual convention of creators and devotees of mystery and detective fiction.
The first edition was held in Houston, Texas, United States.
The logo and player name are made by calligrapher Gun Larson.
The category was originally presented as Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance Vocal or Instrumental, combining two of the most popular music genres of the 1980s.
For the category which contested are the same as last year's celebration.
The ceremony was hosted by Jonathan Biggins and Julia Zemiro and was broadcast live on Bio..
The ASC member that has made the most significant contribution to independent security consultancy.
The Associated Press discontinued the award in 2000, but it was picked up by the Baseball Writers' Association of America, which has administered it since.
The Tejano Music Awards is an accolade created by former arts teacher and musician Rudy Trevino in 1980.
The Lute Olson Award is an award given annually to the most outstanding non-freshman men's college basketball player in NCAA Division I competition.
It was hosted by Angie Dickinson and Robert Blake.
The awards are divided into two components, Viewers Choice and Critic Choice.
The award is presented to the cinematographer of a film that is Australian-made, or with a significant amount of Australian content.
The Dhallywood Film and Music Awards is organized by New York-based company Time Music.
The 2015 Nigeria Entertainment Awards was the 10th edition of the Nigeria Entertainment Awards.
CBS television broadcast the event from Radio City Music Hall in New York City as it has since the 51st Awards ceremony in 1997.
SFWA officers and past presidents alone submit Grand Master nominations and the final selection must be approved by a majority of that group.
The ceremony was broadcast live, but with a short delay to enable any offensive language to be cut.
Adele picked up two awards for Best British Album and British Female, whilst Sheeran also won two awards for Best British Male and British Breakthrough.
The 2010 MTV Movie Awards was the 19th annual ceremony which took place on June 6, 2010 in Los Angeles, California.
The awards ceremony was presented by Eva Longoria and Justin Bieber was the official MTV EMA 2010 digital host.
The 25th Annual Tony Awards ceremony was held on March 28, 1971, at the Palace Theatre in New York City.
The 2013 AIM Malaysian Indian were held on 12 October 2013 at the Setia City Convention Centre, Shah Alam, Selangor.
Each year the members of the academy choose three leading actors and the film as a perception.
It was first awarded in 1989 and has been given annually since to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
It is managed by a group of trustees comprising the Swiss interior minister and heads of the main Swiss universities.
It is awarded annually to recognise a member of the society who has carried out distinguished and sustained research in developmental biology.
The human figure represents the pilot who guides the test effort to reach its goals.
Usher received eight nominations and won three including Best Contemporary R&B Album for his diamond selling album Confessions.
The ceremony was hosted by Johnny Carson.
The ceremony was hosted by Russell Brand, with Fearne Cotton interviewing winners backstage, and the voiceover by Tom Baker.
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
The Streamy Awards were created by Executive Producers Drew Baldwin, Brady Brim-DeForest and Marc Hustvedt of Tubefilter and Joshua Cohen and Jamison Tilsner of Tilzy.tv.
The Prizeis one of three Kyoto Prize categories; the others are the Kyoto Prize in Basic Sciences and the Kyoto Prize in Arts and Philosophy.
At the same time, Commonwealth Writers discontinued the Commonwealth Book Prize and focused solely on the Short Story Prize.
2014 Prize - Daniela Bleichmar, Visible Empire.Botanical Expeditions and Visual Culture in the Hispanic Enlightenment ISBN 978-0-226-05853-5
The first edition was held on 25 December 2010 at the Accra International Conference Center.
The Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Actor is an award presented annually by the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority.
The award show was held at Grand Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles, California.
The awards ceremony later moved to The Saint and, in 1995, the organizers renamed it The Asbury Park Music Awards.
The primary ceremonies were televised in Japan on TBS.
The 37th Annual Tony Awards was held at the Gershwin Theatre on June 5, 1983, and broadcast by CBS television.
The 6th Annual Grammy Awards were held on May 12, 1964, at Chicago, Los Angeles and New York.
Academy members then vote on these nominations.
He must be an individual who takes pride in having been a Walter Camp All-American.
They have been presented annually in London by the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors since 1955, and over 1,000 statuettes have been awarded.
The Blue Ribbon Awards for Special Award is a special prize.
The list of winners was announced by STFC president Joe Leydon.
The latest, the 104th Grey Cup, took place in Toronto, Ontario, on November 27, 2016, when the Ottawa Redblacks defeated the Calgary Stampeders 39–33 in overtime.
The Honors & Awards show was first broadcast on national television in 2005.
The Kikuchi Kan Prize honors achievement in all aspects of Japanese literary culture.
The award's official name was also changed at that time to the Scotiabank Giller Prize.
The ceremony was hosted by Sammy Davis, Jr. and Danny Thomas.
Until 1997, it was an annual award, afterwards the prize was rewarded at the end of the football season.
The theme was "Homecoming", where stars from TV and film returned to Broadway to help present the awards or perform.
The award went to Waterloo Road, which meant Doctor Who failed to win the award for the first time since 2005.
The award was in recognition of Mercedes's highly commendable performances in Formula 1 following the 2014 regulation change which introduced hybrid technology coupled with V6 engines.
Winning one of these awards is considered to be a great honour.
12 Years a Slave and Gravity were the DFWFCA's most awarded films of 2013, each taking three top honors.
The first "Cinema Eye Honors" were presented at the IFC Center in New York City on March 18, 2008.
The Estonian Music Awards are the annual Estonian pop music awards.
The award was first presented to Colombian singer-songwriter Carlos Vives in 2001.
The award is reserved to the songwriters of a new song containing at least 51% of the lyrics in Spanish.
One of these twelve sport-by-sport Academic All-American of the years is selected as the Academic All-America Team Members of the Year for each division.
This is the Philippines' equivalent of the Hollywood's Academy Awards or the Oscars.
The $25,000 postgraduate scholarship that accompanies the trophy is endowed by HealthSouth Corporation.
The award is named for Philip Meyer, a groundbreaking journalist and professor who has championed the use of scientific methods in the media.
The prize was initially announced by the X PRIZE Foundation on 10 May 2011 and subsequently launched on 10 January 2012 at CES 2012.
The award has been known by its current name of Best Actor since 1993, previously it was known as Actor of the Year.
The drama field was dominated by first year series The West Wing.
The César Award for Best First Feature Film is an award presented by the Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma since 1982.
The 8th Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association Awards, honoring the best in film for 2002, were given on January 6, 2003.
Karisma Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor are the only siblings to win the award, while Kajol and Rani Mukerji are the only cousins to win the award.
Virgin Megastores sponsored the award during the inaugural year.
The recipients were awarded a bronze plaque, depicting Bergman's face, and a sum of money.
Der Faust, officially Deutscher Theaterpreis Der Faust, is a German theatre prize, a national prize from 2006.
This award category was eliminated in 2014 and replaced by the gender non-specific category, Most Popular New Talent.
This is one of the viewers choice and voted category in Hum Awards.
The award began in 1984, when the conference consisted of 10 teams and was known as the Pacific-10.
The honor was not presented in 1992, 1994, 2004, or 2005, and years with more than one recipient include 1984, 1990, 1993, 1995, and 1997.
The 23rd Golden Disc Awards were held on December 10, 2008.
Previously the prize, established in 1891 and named after Adam Smith, was awarded triennially for best submitted essay on a subject of the writer's choice.
Categories recognizing excellence in television were added for the 4th edition that took place in 2017.
The results are based on an audience poll.
Bullet for My Valentine was the biggest winner of the night, taking home two awards.
It was founded in 2000 by businessman and philanthropist Scott Griffin.
CNN en Español and reporter Jorge Gestoso won a Silver Baton for investigative reporting on Argentina's desaparecidos.
The trophy was made by Stabilimento Artistico Bertoni company in Italy.
So far the only actor, who has won this award consecutively was Jencarlos Canela.
Vali Gujarati Gazal Award is a literary honour in Gujarat, India.
The Logie for Best Factual Program is an award presented annually at the Australian TV Week Logie Awards.
Typically, the jury's selection is discussed and criticized in the Dutch press, providing even more exposure.
He was hired by Bausch and Lomb in 1947 to establish a grating and scale-ruling laboratory.
Those decorated with the Palm of the order wear the palm on their chest, hung on a band of watered black silk.
A rosette is an award, a mark given by an organisation.
The winner receives $1,500 and will have the manuscript published in a single edition of 500 copies.
These new industry gongs will recognise the achievement of excellence by many artists, record companies and venues, and will encourage others to match those achievements."
2 and Soegija were taking home double awards each and Sinema Purnama also winning for two categories awards.
Multiple nominations for an actress in same category but for different work is eligible.
The prize is endowed with EUR 2,500, and is awarded once a year.
Closely following were En Vogue with three Moonmen and Madonna and Peter Gabriel with two awards apiece.
Gwen Stefani and Maroon 5 performed during the show.
She won her two and only VMA awards that night, for Best Female Video and Best Video from a Film for "Try Again".
The honoree is featured in the quarterly WomenPolice Magazine which also draws attention to her police department, her superiors, and her colleagues.
The awards ceremony gave musical awards to musicians and songs in languages such as Mandarin, Taiwanese, and Hakka.
"Nā Hōkū Hanohano" means "Stars of Distinction" in Hawaiian – "hōkū" means "star", "nā" makes it plural, and "hanohano" means "glorious, worthy of praises".
Hottest Music NILF: Tatiana Simonian: Head of Music at Twitter
The awards show has been produced and broadcast by B4U Music since 2008.
Bouchercon is an annual convention of creators and devotees of mystery and detective fiction.
It refers to the land campaign starting with the invasion of France in May 1940, and ending with the evacuation from Dunkirk.
The most recent recipient is Stephen Schwartz, who was presented the award in 2011.
Since their creation in 1995, awards have been given in various categories of speculative fiction.
In 2015 McGraw-Hill Education formed an alliance with Arizona State University to manage the annual McGraw Prize program.
They have been awarded since 2002 in several categories:
In 2012, the award attracted submissions from five continents.
The Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence was established in 1986 by Cambridge, Massachusetts architect Simeon Bruner.
The CAMIE Awards, sometimes known as the CAMIEs, are awards for outstanding, uplifting films emphasizing character and morality.
Two nights prior to the show Aretha Franklin was honored as the MusiCares Person of the Year.
No woman has won the award more than once but Margaret Atwood has been nominated three times without a win.
In 2012, another nomination category was added to the award – “Childhood, Boyhood, Youth.” named after Leo Tolstoy's semi-autobiographical trilogy of novels.
ET with Conan O'Brien hosting the show.
Instead, a committee was formed to recommend improvements to the category and related categories.
At the end of the ceremony, 2NE1 received the most wins with 3 out of 4 including the Song of the Year daesang award.
Originally it was awarded every 4 years with the first prized handed out in 2001.
The recipient of the award was selected by an independent panel consisting of national sportswriters, coaches, and sports administrators.
A work of fiction is defined as a short story if it is fewer than 40,000 words long.
The award was titled "Best Short Fiction" rather than "Best Short Story" in 1960–1966.
The firm's other notable works include the UEFA Cup trophy, the UEFA Super Cup and the Olympic Order.
CBC Television broadcast the ceremonies throughout Canada from 9pm Eastern Time, and the show was seen by an estimated 1,500,000 viewers .
The Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album has been awarded since 1959.
The Stopper of the Year Award was created in 2005 to honor college baseball's top relief pitcher.
The accolade was established to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
2 leads the nominations with twelve nominations, with Sang Penari and Dilema followed behind with ten and eight nominations each.
As of 2015, Steven Epstein and Robert Woods share the record of the most wins, with seven each.
The show was held in Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by Barbara Mandrell.
The prize is valued at $5,000 and is presented during a visit by the recipient to Northwestern Law School during fall semester of the award year.
During his 25-year tenure as Alabama's head coach, he amassed six national championships and thirteen conference championships.
The Solidarity Prize – Polish award for promotion and protection of democracy and civil liberties.
Bryan Adams, Bush and Whitney Houston have each won the Best Song honor from two nominations.
NBC continued its dominance of the field, becoming the first network to gain over eighty major nominations.
The Mnet Asian Music Award for Best Male/Female Vocal Performance – Solo or Group) is an award presented annually by CJ E&M Pictures.
The Academy Award for Best Cinematography is an Academy Award awarded each year to a cinematographer for work on one particular motion picture.
Best Online Concert Experience: 30 Seconds to Mars
This was the second time the awards had taken place in the Netherlands, the last time being in 1997.
The ceremony was hosted by Lenny Henry.
As of 2011, the bands Foo Fighters, Living Colour, and The Smashing Pumpkins share the record for the most wins, with two each.
This year saw the elimination of yet another one of the show's original categories, Best Stage Performance in a Video.
Julie Tan is the most recent winner in this category for her breakthrough performance in The Dream Makers II.
The Scholarship application process has so far generated over 1.000 new ideas in its intended field.
The number of specific award categories has expanded over the years to include, as of 2014, more than 150 award categories.
Each Shannon Award winner is expected to present a Shannon Lecture at the following IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory.
The accolade is awarded to the songwriter(s) of said song.
The judges are selected from a public application process by the Award's management team.
The 20th Annual GMA Dove Awards were held on April 13, 1989, recognizing accomplishments of musicians for the year 1988.
The awards are given annually and first awarded in 2009.
The viewing rate of this ceremony reached its highest points when Liza Wang was presenting the Best Actress Award to Charmaine Sheh.
The Headies are an accolade established in 2006 by the Hip Hop World Magazine of Nigeria to recognize outstanding achievement in the Nigerian music industry.
Musicians originating from Cuba have dominated the category though the award has also been presented to artists from Puerto Rico, Spain and the United States.
The Brandeis Award of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is awarded annually to "outstanding litigators".
Each is responsible for administering a particular set of Emmy ceremonies.
Bloomberg donated his award to a subsequent competition, the Genesis Generation Challenge, to fund young adults' ideas to solve major problems.
Bird won every major player of the year award in 1979.
The Billboard Music Award for Top Latin Artist recognizes the most successful Latin artists over the past year.
The top-nominated show had not received so few nominations since 1970, when Marcus Welby, M.D.
Of the plays, the revivals Mary Stuart and The Norman Conquests tied for the most nominations, with seven each.
The show was held at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford.
This article lists all the short-list nominees and winners in the best young-adult novel category, as well as novels that have been highly commended.
Directors who have previously made only student thesis films or TV films can still compete in this category.
Tarrant and Bruiser Flint of Drexel have won the most awards with four, while six other coaches have won the award twice.
Each year the members of the academy choose five nominees.
Winning authors include Clare Vanderpool, Rolf Potts, Ben Lerner, Candice Millard, and Gordon Parks.
Susan Flannery and Kim Zimmer have since received four wins each.
The show was broadcast live on RCTI and was hosted by Raffi Ahmad and Robby Purba.
The Amazing Race won its tenth Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program as well.
The 33rd Annual Tony Awards was broadcast by CBS television on June 3, 1979, from the Shubert Theatre in New York City.
Sidabrinė gervė 2008 was 1st film award ceremony of Sidabrinė gervė.
The year indicates the year of release of the film.
It was administered by the NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, and as of 2003, Dr. Rudolph Leibel was chairman of the selection panel.
The pilot episode of My Name Is Earl joined a select group of TV episodes to win for both directing and writing.
The award nominations are submitted by clients, and the winners are voted for by XBIZ staff, industry colleagues and participating organizations.
The award is presented for the best traditional-style novel written in Russian.
The award's principal partner was Goldman Sachs from 2005–2013, when it was known as the "Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award".
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
The award had several minor name changes:
The first EMAs ceremony was held in 1994 in Berlin, Germany.
There is a prize associated with the medal.
Mexican-American singer Jenni Rivera is the first and only female artist to have won the award, with her win in 2009.
The 39th Annual Tony Awards was broadcast by CBS television on June 2, 1985, from the Shubert Theatre.
It recognized scholars who have advanced the humanities through the use of information technology.
The duPont-Columbia jury select the winners from programs that air in the United States between July 1 and June 30 of each year.
This award may be presented to an individual or a team.
The MTV Asia Awards 2006 was held at the Siam Paragon in Bangkok, Thailand.
Because it was only nominated in five major categories, breaking the record was not possible.
Hosted by Misaki Ito and Hidehiko Ishizuka, the awards show took place at the Saitama Super Arena before a live audience of 12,000 screaming music fans.
The award consists of a leather dog collar with the term "PALM DOG".
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
In 1998, it was once again given to only the producers.
1 and in 2011 for her album Sale el Sol.
Blake Shelton, Carrie Underwood, Kacey Musgraves and Luke Bryan all received three nominations, while Eric Church and Keith Urban received four.
The 2004 Radio Disney Music Awards was an awards show held Radio Disney studios.
The third edition of the competition was won by Varvara Tarasova of Russia who played Chopin's second piano concerto.
The German Sustainability Award was established in 2008 to encourage the acceptance of social and ecological responsibility and to identify role models in this area.
The award is presented at the annual AACTA Awards, which hand out accolades for achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films.
After the 2001 season, the Big 12 Conference Baseball Pitcher of the Year award was created to honor the most outstanding pitcher.
It is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the film industry.
Gloc-9 won most of the awards with six.
As for the category of Best, will be selected by a jury that has been appointed.
Leading the nominees were Wax boy bands TVXQ and SG Wannabe, and solo artist Rain with five nominations each.
It is not to be confused with the Barnard Medal of Distinction.
The Friedrich Nietzsche Prize is endowed with 15,000 euros.
The award is handed out at the annual AACTA Awards, which rewards achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films.
This was also the first year that acting nominees were nominated for a specific television show, in the past nominees were simply nominated as individuals.
Winners are listed in bold and series' networks are in parentheses.
Named in honor of Alexander Hollaender, it has been awarded every three years since 1998.
The awards recognize Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year.
The 2005 MTV Video Music Brazil was hosted by Selton Mello and took place at the Credicard Hall.
This was the first year that nominations were considered on a national television network basis.
The Nishina Memorial Prize is the oldest and most prestigious physics award in Japan.
The first time that the television programs were first eligible to be awarded was in 1971.
Ties can occur if the panel decides both entries show equal merit, however they are encouraged to choose a single winner.
The previously combined Blues/Gospel category became separate Best Blues Album and Best Gospel Album categories as of this year.
The award was first given following the 2009–10 season, the conference's first as a member of NCAA Division I.
As of the 2017 ceremony, Salomé Richard is the most recent winner in this category for her role in Baden Baden.
From 1978 onwards, the field umpires conferred after each game and awarded a single set of votes, rather than voting independently.
The results are decided by a panel of judges from a list of submitted nominees; the long-list of nominees is reduced to a short-list of finalists.
The five award recipients each receive an unrestricted prize of US$250,000 and a cast silver medallion.
Taylor Swift won three awards, including Artist of the Year and Song of the Year, while Justin Timberlake was presented with the Innovator Award.
In 2009 the category was divided in Best Native Brazilian Roots Album and Best Tropical Brazilian Roots Album.
The name of the award remained unchanged between 2001 and 2011.
The 2004 Brit Awards were the 24th edition of the biggest annual pop music awards in the United Kingdom.
Three people have won the award twice – Isobelle Carmody, Garth Nix and Scott Westerfeld.
The award is usually given late in a performer's career after they have long established themselves.
The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie.
Indigenous contemporary dance company Bangarra Dance Theatre received the award six times, and The Australian Ballet won it four times.
This category was later renamed to Best Jazz Vocal Album beginning in 2001.
Bic Runga, the Bleeders and Fat Freddy’s Drop each won two awards each.
This continued uninterrupted until after the 1992 IFF, when a sharp decline in film production led the festival to be discontinued.
An online voting ballot is available for approximately three months every year for the fan’s choice awards.
It is the most prestigious awards ceremony for the Australian film and television industry.
The Arte Laguna Prize is an art competition with roots in Venice, open to all, with free theme and no age restrictions.
The Chemical Industry Medal is an annual American award given to an industrial chemist by the Society of Chemical Industry.
Winners are presented with the Fighters Only silver statuette.
The ceremonies were broadcast on CBC Television from 8pm Eastern Time.
One of these twelve sport-by-sport Academic All-Americans of the year is selected as the Academic All-America Team Members of the Year for each division.
The 2009 award ceremony took place on 27 January 2009, again at the BFI Southbank.
Following is the award's purpose, according to the category description guide from the 2011 Grammy Awards:
# – Indicates a performance in a Miniseries or Television film, prior to the category's creation.
The Tchernichovsky Prize is an Israeli prize awarded to individuals for exemplary works of translation into Hebrew.
The Prize includes three categories: U.S. K-12, higher education and international.
The Palanca Awards, organized by the Carlos Palanca Foundation, is one of the Philippines' longest-running awards programs.
Various talents participate to judge, such as anime staffs, professors of the universities, producers and chief editors of various magazines including the anime magazines..
to make students aware of quality Canadian young adult books
This is because, according to MTV, "the tongue is what brings all Latin America together as a whole".
The final shortlist is voted on by three groups; Member Associations' national team coaches and captains, media, and fans.
The Master of Ceremonies was James Sauter and the presenters were Mrs. Martin Beck and Ilka Chase.
The Radio Academy Awards, started in 1983, were the most prestigious awards in the British radio industry.
The trophy is named for William Campbell, a business executive and former player, captain and head coach at Columbia University.
Blethen Award honors the best journalist in the northwest United States.
Selena dominated the female-only awards, while American singer Emilio Navaira was called the "King of Tejano music".
The Roger Clemens Award was an award that honored the top NCAA Division I college baseball pitcher of the year.
Other winners included the Arctic Monkeys for their only nomination, and acts such as KT Tunstall and Kanye West.
The Citra Award for Best Leading Actor is an award given at the Indonesian Film Festival to Indonesian actors for their achievements in lead roles.
Ties can occur if the panel decides both entries show equal merit, however they are encouraged to choose a single winner.
The award was first awarded in 2002 under the title TV Actor of the year.
They do consider "translations, short story and essay collections, self published books, and any titles that fall under the general categories".
It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance awards such as the Emmy Awards, the Tony Awards, and the Academy Awards.
While many major college football awards are theoretically open to players at all competitive levels, in practice only players at NCAA Division I level win.
These are areas of achievement not covered by the Nobel Prize.
The Best Non-Fiction award is open to any written work about science fiction or fantasy which appeared in its current form in the previous year.
The prize was inaugurated in 1999 by the Latsis Foundation.
The rescue requires a 50 m or yd.
To date, Retro Hugo awards have been given for short stories for 1939, 1941, 1946, 1951, and 1954.
The award was first given following the 1969–70 season.
The specific nomination reasons are not given, and nominees are not required to have retired, though they can only win once.
The awards ceremony was held at The O2 in London, presented by Ant & Dec.
The artists with the most nominations were Nickelback and Danny Fernandes with five nominations each.
Beginning in 2012, Hawaiian music recordings were eligible for the Best Regional Roots Music Album category.
The 38th Annual Na Hoku Hanohano Awards were held at the Hawaii Convention Center on May 23, 2015.
Recipients of this award receives a bronze medal, illuminated certificate, honorarium, and travel expenses to award ceremony.
Many recipients are authors, but persons working in several other creative and scientific fields have been honoured.
The Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts Awards, known as the AACTA Awards, are presented annually by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts.
It was established by the British Phonographic Industry and British Association of Record Dealers in 1992 as an alternative to the Brit Awards.
Nominations for the medal may be made by any person or organization, however self nominations will not be considered.
The categories are Photography Catalogue of the Year, PhotoBook of the Year and First PhotoBook.
From 2006 to 2010 the show changed its host city every year, and from 2011-2016 was set in Florence before moving to Rome in 2017.
The DCMA Civilian Career Service Award is one of four honorary medals presented to civilians by the Defense Contract Management Agency for outstanding service.
A $30,000 prize and a medallion accompanies each award.
There could be lead guest or supporting guest.
The event exists, in part, to promote the sex industry in Spain by promoting the domestic production of adult films and organizing discussion forums.
The Prix du Québec are awards given by the Government of Quebec to individuals for cultural and scientific achievements.
Both of presenter Choky Sitohang and Fenita Arie was hosting for the ceremony awards.
For the second straight year, L.A. Law received 15 major nominations, making it the first show ever to receive more than 14 major nominations multiple times.
The 26.5-inch-tall, 35-pound trophy is oblong-shaped like a football at the base, tapering up to a flattened full-size football at the top.
They are sponsored by APRA and the Australian Music Centre to "recognise achievement in the composition, performance, education and presentation of Australian music".
The award is presented annually to an individual, team, or multiple recipients up to five in number.
Individuals are also eligible for the Special Award—Professional category for their professional work.
The ceremony took place at the Los Angeles Convention Center and was streamed live in its entirety internationally at Grammy's official website and CBS Television Network.
The ETC Bollywood Business Awards are presented annually by ETC Bollywood Business to award Bollywood films.
The band are expected to play on "Las Lunas del Auditorio" on 24 October 2007.
Price Medal is a medal of the Royal Astronomical Society, for investigations of outstanding merit in solid-earth geophysics, oceanography, or planetary sciences.
Winner of the 1990 Man Booker Prize, A. S. Byatt called it a "sexist prize", claiming "such a prize was never needed."
The ceremony was held at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, California, and was televised live by TNT.
Every year a top young chemist or physicist receives this honor for his research.
The 2003 medal was awarded to Hawthorn player, Sam Mitchell.
The award has been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction" and "the best known literary award for science fiction writing".
To be eligible, the album must be within the RnB, hip-hop, soul, funk, reggae and dancehall genres.
The 58th Annual Grammy Awards was held on February 15, 2016, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles.
It is one of a few categories which are open to both classical and non-classical recordings, new or re-issued.
The first International Festival of Eroticism was held in 1993, with the European X Awards first held in 1995.
It was created in 1979 by the Journalists Sindicate of São Paulo.
The IEEE Frederik Philips Award is a Technical Field Award that was established by the IEEE in 1971.
As a result, the award was called the "Premier League Golden Boot" when Teddy Sheringham received the inaugural award in 1993.
The 1st Annual GMA Dove Awards were held on September 1969 during the National Quartet Convention in Memphis, Tennessee.
The award was last given in 2011.
The W. P. McGee Trophy is a national collegiate sports award, presented annually to the winner of the U Sports championship in men's basketball.
The 23rd Emmy Awards, later known as the 23rd Primetime Emmy Awards, were handed out on May 9, 1971.
With the demise of UPI the award was discontinued.
The Noma Prizes were established by Shoichi Noma, or in his honor.
Multiple nominations for an actor in same category but for different work is eligible.
The list of performing artists on the night included international acts such as Dizzee Rascal, Pixie Lott, Paolo Nutini, The Script, The Temper Trap and Westlife.
The ceremony was hosted by Neil Patrick Harris and Sarah Chalke.
The purpose of the prize is to recognize outstanding Indian work in science and technology.
The "Kids’ Choice Awards Orange Carpet pre-show" was webcast prior to the presentation of the awards.
The Washington Redskins replica of the Thorp Trophy is on display at FedExField.
INvision Entertainment exclusively holds the IP rights for the Ghantas Since 2013.
The Olivier Awards are considered equivalent to Broadway's Tony Awards and France's Molière Award.
It is awarded in several categories of International Competition as well as Iranian Cinema Competition.
The Foreign Film Best One Award is an award given to the best foreign film at the Mainichi Film Awards.
The first seven prize winners were awarded for works in topology.
The show had the performances by Iman Ali and Reema Khan, Sana Nawaz, Veena Malik, Meera, Saba Qamar and Mikaal Zulfiqar etc.
The first pitcher to win the award was Phil Niekro in 1980, and the first catcher to win the award was Gary Carter in 1989.
Mexican singer and actress Mariana Seoane, winner in 2005, received a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Grupero Album.
‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Tony Award
The Hong Kong Film Awards, founded in 1982, is an annual film awards ceremony in Hong Kong.
Daft Punk won five awards, including Album of the Year for Random Access Memories and Record of the Year, with Pharrell Williams, for "Get Lucky".
Jed Hilly, executive director of the Americana Music Association, called the new category's inclusion "a huge acknowledgment" of the music genre.
It was first awarded in 2001 and has been given annually since.
From 1997 to 2007, the award was presented as Outstanding Musical Production.
The competition has been used as a gauge to compare which conference has done the best in the post-season bowl matchups.
Winners on the night included Jennifer Lopez, taking Best Female for the second year running.
Instrumental recordings or cover songs are not eligible.
The trophy is separate from its 12-inch-tall bronze base, so it can be hoisted.
The award has been presented to one amateur player, Daniel Brabant.
Wizkid was nominated seven times across the twenty-one award categories.
On February 8, 2012, the Academy announced that the 54th Grammy Pre-Telecast Ceremony would stream live internationally.
Colombian musician Joe Arroyo is the only recipient to have posthumously receive the Latin Grammy Lifetime Award in 2011 following his death four months earlier.
The Collection category has been awarded annually since 1975, though from 1977 through 1987 anthologies were admissible as nominees.
The Grammy Award for Best Hawaiian Music Album was an honor presented to recording artists from 2005 to 2011 for quality Hawaiian music albums.
Italian filmmaker Federico Fellini directed four Best Foreign Language Film Academy Award–winning motion pictures during his lifetime, a record that remains unmatched as of 2015.
Slash closed the show performing "Crazy Train" featuring The Conspirators and with Myles Kennedy and Simon Neil from Biffy Clyro on vocals.
In 2003, the Academy moved the category from the "Pop" field into a new "Dance" field, which currently contains the category Best Dance/Electronic Album as well.
There is a cash bursary as part of the award.
Golden Icons Academy Awards is an annual film award in the diaspora to reward outstanding contribution to the African film industry.
As of 2008, it's unknown whether there will be any more Spacey Awards since CTV took over the Space channel.
As of 1945, the criterion became "a person who ... has rendered conspicuous service to applied chemistry."
This awards is equivalent to the Hum Award for Best Actor Popular, which is given in the ceremony but winners are solely selected by viewers votings.
The second annual Altazor Awards took place on March 26, 2001, at the Teatro Municipal de Santiago.
The London Review of Books described it as "independent publishing's response to the Booktrust and the Orange Prize.
Since 1993 this controversy has cast a shadow over the credibility of the Brownlow Medal and how votes are awarded.
Since its inception the award has been given to three actresses, while Saba Qamar was nominated five times on three occasions more than any actress.
This award may be presented to an individual or a team of up to three people.
Each league's award is voted on by members of the Baseball Writers' Association of America, with one representative from each team.
Recipients of this award receive a bronze medal, certificate, and honorarium.
The Latin Grammy Award for Best Flamenco Album is an award presented by the Latin Grammy Awards for quality flamenco albums.
Starting then, it was replaced by the Romanian Music Awards, organized by Music Channel Romania.
So even if it's messy, it'll be live," Jonze admitted to Billboard.com.
Stargell won his award in 1974, and McCutchen won in 2015.
It is the most prestigious prize in Information Theory, covering technical contributions at the intersection of mathematics, communication engineering, and theoretical computer science.
The award is named for Morton A. Brody, and was established in 2001 at the request of the Brody family.
Icelandic singer Björk holds the record for the most nominations as a performer without a win, with four.
Established in 2006, it was related to the International William Hill Sports Book of the Year.
The Razzie Award for Worst Screenplay is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards for the worst film screenplay of the past year.
PMA is one of the most prominent ceremony of Pakistan, Pakistan Media Awards televised recorded in more than seven countries.
The ARIA Awards recognise "the many achievements of Aussie artists across all music genres", and have been given by the Australian Recording Industry Association since 1987.
The WCC presented awards to two distinguished scientists.
Jerry Yeo is the inaugural and only winner in this category for his role in The Ultimatum.
The Alley is the first known comic book fan award.
The big winner of the night were the Spice Girls and Madonna with two awards.
In addition, the award-winning works are often translated and published overseas.
The show was hosted by Sarah Sechan and Boy William.
It was hosted by Shirley MacLaine and Edward Asner.
Temporary awards are not required to be repeated in following years.
The results are decided by a panel of judges from a list of submitted nominees; the long-list of nominees is reduced to a short-list of finalists.
The Siola d'oro is a biennial opera prize awarded in Gatteo since 1983, in memory of Lina Pagliughi.
There were no awards presented in 1987, 2002 or 2004.
The big winners were Outkast, who won three awards including Album of the Year & Beyoncé Knowles, who won five Awards.
The first show was in 2004 with Lindsay Lohan winning an award.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year.
There is also an award handed out each year called the Man of the Year award.
Awards 2012 incorporated new categories, including awards for films, video games, comedians, the hero and villain of the year.
Currently, each team selects Academic All-District honorees in eight geographic districts across the United States and Canada.
When Swift received the Pinnacle, the CMA began playing a video displaying her achievements, which included having sold 26 million albums and 75 million song downloads.
The 14th Annual GMA Dove Awards were held on 1983 recognizing accomplishments of musicians for the year 1982.
In 1985, the conference expanded to offer more sports, and became the Colonial Athletic Association.
For the first time in its 23-year history, the ceremony was broadcast on ABC.
The show was hosted by Arsenio Hall at the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles.
The 1997 Kids' Choice Awards occurred on April 19, 1997.
The award has recognized products from a variety of companies and a variety of fields.
Fox televised the ceremony within the United States.
The Awards are sponsored by several commercial organisations and the Worshipful Company of Carpenters.
Tejano music enjoyed a wider success in the 1990s as it entered in its first renaissance and marketable era.
The award is valued at $10,000, a modest amount that "reflects that it was never intended to be anything more than a symbolic sum."
The winners receive a trophy, a cheque and a Longines watch.
The ceremony was hosted by the CBC’s Shelagh Rogers and musician Benoit Bourque.
Since its inception, the award was given to four actors.
Actress Angela Lansbury received her eighteenth and most recent nomination.
Organizations are scored relative to how closely their culture matches the ideal as defined by the Shingo Institute.
The AMA Awards are widely considered to be Africa's most important film event and the most prestigious film award in Africa.
In early Emmy ceremonies, anthology series were more common than traditional sitcoms or dramas; this made Program of the Year the highest honor.
Stan Palys won the final award in 1957.
The Boyer Award was replaced in 2003 by the Irving Kristol Award.
Noor Jehan, better known by her honorific title Malika-e-Tarannum, was a Pakistani singer and actress who worked first in British India and then in Pakistan.
In 1973 the festival began to be held annually.
The prize, that has variously been $10,000 and $20,000, is named after photographer Dorothea Lange and her husband, writer Paul Schuster Taylor.
It is to be distinguished from the Golden Kite Prize of the Vietnam Cinema Association.
Its flagship is a literary award for short stories, the Commonwealth Short Story Prize, and a website.
The ceremony was previously known as the My AOD Favourites Awards, which succeeded the Astro Wah Lai Toi Drama Awards.
Subsequent studies in his laboratory led to the discovery of recombination and the first genetic maps.
In 2009 the NTAs changed the timing of the event from October to January so there was no event in that year.
The Man Booker International Prize is an international literary award hosted in the United Kingdom.
The award is named after Professor Rory O'Moore, who received the award in 2003 when it was inaugurated by then Taoiseach Bertie Ahern.
MiLB teams are known for using promotions such as theme nights, in-game promotions and giveaways, specialty foods, and fireworks shows to increase attendance at games.
The award was first presented at the Grammy Awards in 1975.
The event has attracted controversy for its policies.
At this ceremony, Erika Slezak set a then record with five Emmy Awards for Lead Actress.
The show was held at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by Brian Littrell, Natalie Grant, and Donnie McClurkin.
The medal is typically awarded every two years during the ERPS's main conference, the International Electric Propulsion Conference.
The accolade was established to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
The Palanca Awards or Don Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature are literary awards of the Philippines.
The winners are announced in January and each receives a plaque and $1000 cash prize during the ALA Annual Conference in June or July.
Succeeding festivals were held in 1960 and 1967.
The ceremony was broadcast live on ITV, hosted by Peter Kay with Fearne Cotton doing the side of stage coverage.
The NBPA Players Awards is an annual American awards ceremony presented by the National Basketball Players Association honoring achievements in the National Basketball Association.
The following are the Special Awards given by the Metro Manila Film Festival.
Locus has won 8 times out of 13 nominations, the most wins of any magazine.
Beside the Newbery Medal, the committee awards a variable number of citations to worthy runners-up, called Newbery Honors or Newbery Honor Books.
The Davey O'Brien Hall of Fame is housed at The Fort Worth Club in Fort Worth, Texas.
It has been compared to the Nebula Award as it is given by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of Japan or SFWJ.
Over 3,700 gardens were open in 2013.
The ASTM International Award of Merit is presented at various technical conferences throughout the United States and is given on the basis of merit.
The 25th Daytime Emmy Awards were held in 1998 to commemorate excellence in daytime programming from the previous year.
The 4th Canadian Screen Awards was held on March 13, 2016, to honour achievements in Canadian film, television and digital media production in 2015.
It continues to be sponsored by School Library Journal and administered by the Young Adult Library Services Association, descendant of YASD.
The Creative Arts Emmy Awards were held eight days earlier at the same venue.
The Ray Guy Award is presented annually to college football's most outstanding punter as adjudged by the Augusta Sports Council.
The ban was lifted three months later.
Panamanian rapper Flex's "Te Quiero", won the Lo Nuestro and the Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Song.
The FAI International Football Awards is an awards evening held to honour the best Republic of Ireland international footballers of the year.
A 2-hour broadcast of the ceremonies was available nationally on CBC Television.
In 1998, the awards were renamed "The EPPY Awards."
The show was broadcast live by TV3.
Val Kahl hosted and presented "Les Coulisses des NRJ Music Awards Season 2011, 2012 and 2013 on NRJ12.
The organization, founded in 1990, includes 59 film critics for print, radio, television, and internet publications based in north Texas.
The Prize consists of a gold medal, a certificate, USD$10,000, and a one-week academic visit to the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The 2015 presentation was broadcast on ESPN2 and the show was presented by Wendy's at Los Angeles' Club Nokia on Friday, April 10, 2015.
Mike Timlin won the award in 2007 for his efforts in raising awareness and finding a cure for ALS, which took his mother's life in 2002.
The 36th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards were held on Sunday, August 30, 2009, and were televised live on The CW for the very first time.
Recipients of this award receive a bronze medal, a certificate and an honorarium.
The competition is devoted to packaging design already available on the market and to packaging concepts that are as yet neither produced nor marketed.
It used to be known as the FAP Awards until in 2005 when it got its current name.
The first daytime-themed Emmy Awards were presented in 1974, when this award was renamed Outstanding Drama Series and given in honor of a daytime drama.
The Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature winners for 2012.
The international awards began in 1983 and were modelled after the programs sponsored by the national organizations.
Special recognition of the musical contributions of The Beatles also featured.
The winning projects are selects by the international jury from several hundred international submissions from architectural practices around the world.
The awards were set up by Tianxia Yingcai Cultural Media Co., LTD in 2007 in Beijing.
Gabriel split his six nominations evenly between his videos for "Digging in the Dirt" and "Steam."
§- indicates the performance was nominated for the Tony Award in the Leading Category
The judges are selected from a public application process by the Award's management team.
Shidqia received awards for Outstanding Female Solo Singer and Outstanding Duet/Collaboration.
Notable awards included the Lifetime Achievement Award given to news anchors Jorge Ramos and María Elena Salinas of Noticiero Univision.
Since 1969, a specific pop award has been presented: Best Pop Instrumental Performance.
In 1980, the award began honouring multiple plays.
The 48th Annual Grammy Awards took place on February 8, 2006, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
The name was changed back to "Best Actress in a Leading Role" in 2005.
The Nissen Award is the award given to the best male collegiate gymnast in the United States.
Eligible books should be original works published in the U.S. during the preceding year, including "substantially changed new editions" and "English-language translations of foreign-language books".
The Premio 40 Principales for Best International Song is an honor presented annually at Los Premios 40 Principales.
Instead of a formal host, there was a group of performers/presenters.
The awards were announced by minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan in Thiruvananthapuram on 1 March 2016.
The show was broadcast live on RCTI and was hosted by Arie Untung.
The United Press International College Football Player of the Year Award was among the first and most recognized college football awards.
Chinese diplomats moved to pressure other countries not to attend the award ceremony, which was scheduled for 10 December.
Show was held in capital city of Vilnius on 28 May 2010.
Her friends starting calling for toy advice from Joanne...which mobile?
Juan Gabriel was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on November 4, the day prior to the telecast.
Overall, fourteen solo musicians and one band have received the Grammy Legend Award.
The most recent winner of the award is José Eduardo Agualusa for A General Theory of Oblivion.
and solo artist Lee Seung-hwan with three each, followed by four artists including the new boy-band group g.o.d with three.
Robbie Williams holds the record for the most Brit Awards, 13 as a solo artist and another five as part of Take That.
The Royal Award for Islamic Finance is headed by a special taskforce which is led by the Securities Commission Malaysia Chairman, Zarinah Anwar.
The Southern Conference Baseball Coach of the Year is a baseball award given to the Southern Conference's most outstanding coach.
Previous winners include Michael Sheen, Tanni Grey-Thompson, and Bryn Terfel.
From 1994 to 2005, the category was originally titled Worst Remake or Sequel.
Winner of Jury award is chosen by the jury of critics assigned to the function while Popular Award is given on the basis of public voting.
All TOWNS awardees become automatic members of TOWNS Foundation Inc.
First basemen, with 18 winners, have won the most among infielders and all positions, followed by third baseman and shortstops and second basemen.
British fashion designer Pam Hogg has designed the trophies for this year's ceremony, styling the BRIT statue.
It is an IEEE-level award, created in 1980 by the Board of Directors of the IEEE, but sponsored by the IEEE Control Systems Society.
Nominations were announced on January 15, 2013.
Beginning in 2016, the conference is held annually and so is the award.
The decision, while widely praised by foreign intellectuals and politicians, was attacked by the Chinese government and the state media.
Award categories are similar to the Academy Awards.
The show was moved to January to avoid competing against the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Mark Burnett directed the show and executive produced this year's ceremony.
His son Lofa Tatupu was a three-time Pro Bowl linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks.
The medal was established by UNESCO to celebrate the centenary of the birth of Albert Einstein in 1979.
Presenters included André 3000, Justin Timberlake, The Black Eyed Peas and Ludacris.
In 2005, Sarig started using the New Pantheon name after co-founder Spotts left to focus on politics.
The show was a collaboration between Anugerah Musik Indonesia Foundation and RCTI.
The awards show was hosted by Luna Maya, Raffi Ahmad, and Olga Syahputra.
By the 20th annual Tejano Music Awards, the genre suffered and its popularity wane after Selena was shot and killed in 1995.
The award was suspended during World War I.
The most recent award ceremony honouring movies of 2013, was held at Dome, Asaba, Delta State on December 5, 2013.
30 Rock made history when it smashed the record for most major nominations by a comedy series with 18.
The first awards were given to films made in 1991.
This is the only year to date that the HFCS has presented an award in the "Best Performance by an Ensemble Cast" category.
The Kincheloe Trophy consists of four columns and a symbolic aerospace vehicle that points toward the shield of the society.
The 2010 violin competition was won by the German/South Korean Clara-Jumi Kang, while Vadym Kholodenko of Ukraine won the piano competition.
On September 29, 2007, the first award ceremony took place in the course of the 16th Braunau Contemporary History Days.
After a 15-year absence, the Most Popular New Talent category was reintroduced in 2014 to replace the gender specific categories.
As publishers, Microsoft Studios have received the most nominations in this category with four, followed by Sony Computer Entertainment with two.
Each "vote" counts as an entry into an AT&T sweepstakes, usually for a trip to the BCS National Championship game.
It aired on August 20, 2015, at 7pm/6c.
Between 1997 and 2003, all the winners were solo female artists.
Similarly, Spike Jonze won this award in 1999 for his own dancing in Fatboy Slim's video "Praise You".
The Brit Award statuette given to the winners features Britannia, the female personification of Britain.
From 1969 to 1994 it was awarded as Best Country Vocal Performance, Female
The Blue Ribbon Award for Best Film is a prize recognizing excellence in Japanese film.
It was first awarded in 2001 and has been given annually since.
This award goes to the performing artist, the producer, recording engineer and/or mixer for that song.
The 2nd People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 1975, were held in 1976.
The candidate must be less than 45 years of age on 1 January of the year of award.
The 2016 MTV Video Music Awards were held on August 28, 2016 at Madison Square Garden in Manhattan.
This page lists the winners and nominees for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actor in a Daytime Drama Series.
The ballots cast by the guild members are then taken to a common venue for the final counting.
The division was founded in 1981 and serves the Mid-Atlantic states and regions.
The list of honorees has been dominated by Stanford, which has had 10 players earn a total of 18 awards.
The fund's assets are to be used for direct support to those persecuted in their home country, mainly by granting the Sakharov Freedom Award.
The prize was founded with the objective of inspiring and developing a sense of pride and belonging among young unaffiliated Jews throughout the world.
The 18th Annual Grammy Awards were held February 28, 1976, and were broadcast live on American television.
The 14th annual MTV European Music Awards were held at the Olympiahalle in Munich, Germany on November 1, 2007.
For the first time in its 30-year history, Canal de las Estrellas and Univision had broadcast Premios TVyNovelas simultaneously on April 28, 2013.
The winner is appointed by a professional jury.
The official sponsor of the award is Ifad Group and the media partner is NTV.
The prize recognizes contributions by scientists to the fields of heat and light.
As editor of Locus Charles N. Brown has won 8 of 13 nominations, though he shared 8 of those awards with Dena Brown.
Since 2003 it is presented in a ceremony in concert halls.
† - indicates the performance won the Tony Award
A reported attempt to file their nomination in a folk category was rejected due to a relative lack of sales.
The rule was removed in 2012 to allow the public to determine the nominees entirely via online voting.
The ceremony drew a total of 10.1 million viewers.
Allen Shapiro and Mike Mahan are executive producers, with Barry Adelman, Mark Bracco, and Larry Klein as producers.
Holcim Ltd and Lafarge S.A. completed their global merger and launched LafargeHolcim, a world leader in the building materials industry, in July 2015.
Due to their unusual nature, these productions cannot be categorized in the regular musical and play categories.
Only living persons may receive the prize, and recipients of the Charles Stark Draper Prize are not eligible for the Russ Prize.
The prize is valued at $100,000, making it one of the richest literary prizes in the world.
Beck's album Morning Phase was named Album of the Year.
Daniel Murphy won the 2015 NLCS MVP after hitting home runs in six consecutive games, setting a major league record.
The society's first meeting was held in the Representative Boardroom at the Omni Austin Hotel.
The Foot in Mouth Award is presented each year by the Plain English Campaign for "a baffling comment by a public figure".
King Faisal International Prize is an annual award sponsored by King Faisal Foundation presented to "dedicated men and women whose contributions make a positive difference".
A total of 8 pitchers won the MVP Award.
NCAA Divisions II and III now have their own separate All-Americans, while the College Division now consists only of non-NCAA institutions.
The award replaced the more generic Outstanding Talk Show category, which in 2007 was split into two different categories: this award and Outstanding Talk Show Informative.
The first-place vote receives two points and the second-place vote receives one point.
The award was founded in 1969 by renowned poet G. Sankara Kurup to commemorate the Jnanpith Award he had won.
However, since 2004, the winners are selected through an online survey.
Organized and overseen by The Jules Verne Adventures organization, the awards are given each year at a formal ceremony.
The nominated books were chosen from those published for the first time in the United States in English.
Ken Allen, chief executive officer of DHL Express explained why DHL sponsors this award, "The fastest lap in a race is always a challenge.
Frankie Knuckles, David Morales, Roger Sanchez, Hex Hector and Deep Dish have each been nominated for the award twice and have won it once.
The performance is often, but not obligatory, the debut role of the artist.
A number of them were not muted because of its live broadcast.
The National Kids-in-Print Book Contest for Students is a literary competition held by Landmark House of Kansas City, Kansas.
Malmö FF is the club to have lifted the trophy the most times, having lifted it in 2004, 2010, 2013, 2014 and 2016.
The William H. Nichols Medal is awarded annually for original research in chemistry.
Lady Gaga also won two awards, including Best Female Video for "Born This Way".
Premio de Traducción Literaria Tomás Segovia is a Mexican literary award given to translators.
The eleventh Altazor Awards took place on April 27, 2010, at the Teatro Teletón.
Mexican-American performer Jenni Rivera is the first and only female artist to have won the award.
Up until 1960, the Elan d'or Awards focused on only the Newcomer of the Year category.
's Michael Stipe and F1 driver Lewis Hamilton.
The United Press International Lineman of the Year award was given annually by United Press International to the lineman of the year in college football.
It is named in honor of Eric E. Sumner, 1991 IEEE President.
It is awarded biannually, since 2005, by the Center for Financial Studies, in partnership with Goethe University Frankfurt, and is sponsored by Deutsche Bank Donation Fund.
It is the only prize in the world for Russian to English literary translations.
The awards were first introduced in 1964.
The third annual Altazor Awards took place on March 25, 2002, at the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes.
The Congressional Gold Medal is the most prestigious award given to civilians in the United States for achievements and contributions.
Created by the Good Food Foundation, the Good Food Awards celebrate the kind of food we all want to eat: tasty, authentic and responsibly produced.
In 2003, one of the requirements for the award was raised from 200,000 to 400,000 visitors.
In 2005, the committee signed a five-year contract with London-based BP.
The Academy has often been alleged to be biased towards European, and in particular Swedish, authors.
Nominees go through two rounds of panel-based judging before a winner is announced in each category.
Gretzky played briefly for the St. Louis Blues before finishing his career with the New York Rangers.
It is the most coveted award in multidisciplinary science in India.
As for nominations, Jamiroquai dominated the field with a total of ten nominations for their video for "Virtual Insanity."
The award has been presented to artists from the United States each year to date.
It was initiated by fund manager and philanthropist Richard Driehaus and established in 2003 by the Richard H. Driehaus Charitable Lead Trust.
The first prize was awarded in 1999.
Café Tacuba is the only act to win the award more than once.
Jimmy Gonzalez y Grupo Mazz – The Legend Continues
It is also widely acknowledged as the highest individual honour in the sport of Australian rules football.
The prize was formerly awarded in the Atrium of the University of Oslo Faculty of Law, the Norwegian Nobel Institute, and the Parliament.
Governor Emmanuel Uduaghan as the chief host, and the nomination party was held at the State House in Lagos.
The show aired on Nickelodeon from 8 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. ET/PT, tape delayed for West Coast in the United States and Canada.
Hosts were Glenn Close, Gregory Hines, and Nathan Lane.
The ninth Filmsaaz was held from 14–16 March 2016., with the 10th Filmsaaz from 21–23 February 2017.
† - indicates the performance won the Tony Award
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year.
This page gives details of the awards given in the year 1971.
A seven-person international jury, drawn from the fields of art history, historical preservation, museum administration, and culture, selects the winners.
The Driver of the Year Award is an award founded in 1967 by Martini & Rossi.
The competition is followed by a national tour, displaying winning and commended photographs in regional galleries and venues.
A longlist of 22 titles was drawn up by organisers.
The Silver Logie for Best Actor is an award presented annually at the Australian TV Week Logie Awards.
Helen Hernandez is president of the Imagen Foundation.
Following the two, Kendrick Lamar and Pharrell each have two wins.
Although the awards for Kannada films started in 1970, awards for the best supporting actress category started only in 2007.
The award was first presented in 2010 to Levon Helm at the 52nd Grammy Awards for the album Electric Dirt.
The award was first given in 1954.
An actress who wins Best Actress is referred to as the TV Queen.
As of the 2010 season, each voter places a vote for first, second, third, fourth and fifth place among the pitchers of each league.
VIMA 2014 Grand Finals is expected to be held in the 22 March 2014 at Platinum Club@One City Subang.
The European Film Awards have been presented annually since 1988 by the European Film Academy to recognize excellence in European cinematic achievements.
There is an exhibition of the winning and commended images each year at the Natural History Museum, which later tours around the world.
The winner and nominees of Most Popular Actress are chosen by the public through an online voting survey on the TV Week website.
Beginning in 1998, members of the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences are eligible to vote in the Latin field of the Grammy Award categories.
The chapter also participates in judging Emmy entries at the regional and national levels.
The annual IIFA Utsavam rewards the artistic and technical achievements of the South Indian film industry.
§- indicates the performance won the Tony Award for Best Leading Actress in a Musical
American performer Jenni Rivera is the only artist to win the award posthumously, following her death in 2012.
The night's biggest winner was Pearl Jam, whose video for "Jeremy" earned four awards that night, including Video of the Year.
Awards are given "to recognize and honor excellence in theater and the arts" in the following categories:
The ITV2 Brits Encore show at 10pm drew 776,000 viewers, a 3.8% share.
The show was hosted by Humayun Saeed, Zara Sheikh and from the members of BNN.
The Jussi Awards are Finland's premier film industry event, recognizing annually the past year's excellence in Finnish film making by directors, actors, and writers.
The Alex Awards are also a separate award given for excellence in entertainment packaging.
Now in its fourth cycle, the judging panel for the awards boast Olympians, World Cup Winners, international coaches and senior figures from the industry including:
In the event of a tie, completed credits is the official tiebreaker.
The telecast was viewed by 12.20 million with a household rating of 8.86/12.79 making it the lowest rated and least viewed ceremony in its televised history.
New categories for R&B/Soul and Reggae/Calypso were introduced this year.
He worked as a writer, actor, director and producer.
The 13th Annual Helpmann Awards were held on 29 July 2013 at the Sydney Opera House, in Sydney.
The award recognises significant contributions to environmental issues and concerns.
As with AMAs, the Latin AMAs are determined by a poll of the public and music buyers.
† - indicates the performance won the Tony Award
The television miniseries Rich Man, Poor Man set numerous records.
By the end of the ceremony, Exo received three awards together with Taeyang, the most received awards of the night.
The ceremony, televised in the United States by Pop was executive produced by Michael Levitt, Gary Tellalian and Mike Rothman.
They are a series of awards which include the APRA Music Awards and Screen Music Awards.
CUPE's workers returned to work on the day of the Junos broadcast, as this particular union action was not planned to continue past the weekend.
The Albert Leon Whiteman Memorial Prize is awarded by the American Mathematical Society for notable exposition and exceptional scholarship in the history of mathematics.
Hosted by Tom Jones, the show featured performances by Aerosmith, Björk, Roxette, Take That and George Michael.
The nominees were announced on March 29.
to provide opportunities for students to discuss the nominated titles in an authentic manner
They were sponsored by the Daily Mail newspaper with readers voting at cinemas across the country, for best Actor, Actress and Film.
The last award of the show was "Male Vocalist of the Year" presented by ambassador Ken Taylor to the winner Burton Cummings.
The awards honour British people who have acted bravely or extraordinarily in challenging situations and are presented by Carol Vorderman.
Asian Film Award for Best Newcomer has been awarded annually since 2009 by the Hong Kong International Film Festival Society.
This award was presented for the first time at the 2014 ceremony.
The Heroes of Chemistry was first awarded in 1996.
An exception was the 2006 ceremony, where six nominees were announced.
As a result, the Best Banda or Norteño Album category was discontinued.
A later realignment in 2013 saw Notre Dame and Pittsburgh join the ACC.
Miley Cyrus received nine nominations, including top artist, top female, Hot 100 artist and top streaming artist.
Every year, a national panel appointed by the government selects the winning entry, and the award ceremony is held in Dhaka.
The award was known as the British Academy Video Games Award for Online Multiplayer for the 2005, 2012 and 2013 ceremonies.
However, it appears that the GayVN Awards have been discontinued; the last award year was 2010.
Ekushey Padak is the second highest civilian award in Bangladesh, introduced in memory of the martyrs of the Bengali Language Movement of 1952.
The Laurel Leaf Award recognizes the achievement of an individual or group in encouraging and fostering American music.
The award is organised by The Rory Peck Trust.
The chapter also participates in judging Emmy entries at the regional and national levels.
The biggest winner is Frank Gatson with six wins.
It is funded by the Department for Innovation, Universities and Skills as part of its efforts to promote women in the STEM fields.
My World and Welcome to It won Outstanding Comedy Series, but was cancelled after its first season.
Musicians, singers, and composers were nominated for 53 different awards.
As of 2016, 16 of the 113 recipients have been of Scandinavian origin.
Their goal was to unite and work together with artist not just from a state side vision, but internationally.
Rock group Needtobreathe ended up winning the three awards it was nominated for.
It is awarded annually to an outstanding Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander artist for lifetime achievement.
The Norwich AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the Australian Football League.
Aleem Sarwar Dar is a Pakistani cricket umpire and a member of the ICC Elite umpire panel.
This awards is equivalent to the Hum Award for Best Actress Popular, which is given in the ceremony but winners are only selected by viewers voting's.
Hosts/Performers/Presenters were Larry Blyden, George S. Irving, Larry Kert, Carol Lawrence, Michele Lee, Bernadette Peters and Bobby Van.
It is named in honor of Spanish-born Mexican author, translator and poet Tomas Segovia.
The Telstra Business Awards is an Australian awards programme started in 1992.
The Dr AQ Khan Gold Medal Awards are the official awards of Pakistan and are the oldest awards to honour the distinguished personalities of Pakistan.
The Newspaper of the Year was The Dominion Post, and the Reporter of the Year was Andrea Vance of Fairfax Media's political bureau.
The awards are organised in association with the Daily Mirror, Lidl, ITV, Good Morning Britain and The Prince's Trust.
The 4th GiMA Awards ceremony was held on 20 January 2014 at National Sports Club of India Stadium.
The award honors coaches who succeed on and off the field, displaying sportsmanship, integrity, responsibility, and excellence.
The awards ceremony was named as one of the 12 'Must Attend' web series events for creators and fans of online content by Raindance.
Prior to this the award did not carry a cash prize.
Media Design School's qualifications are approved by New Zealand Qualifications Authority.
The main ceremonies were held May 21, 1999, at The Theater in Madison Square Garden in New York City and were televised live by CBS.
The Gagliardi factors in community service, academics, and athletics; the Melberger is, at least theoretically, presented to the best athlete.
A dog can only become a champion by gaining championship points at other conformation shows.
† – indicates the performance won the Tony Award
Although it was considered one of the major Canadian literary awards in its era, few of the winning novels remain well-remembered today.
The Larry Bird Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year is an annual basketball award given to the Missouri Valley Conference's most outstanding player.
National Film Awards is the most prominent film award ceremony in Bangladesh.
The PDSA Dickin Medal was instituted in 1943 in the United Kingdom by Maria Dickin to honour the work of animals in World War II.
Presenters included East 17, Jean Paul Gaultier, Naomi Campbell, Pamela Anderson and model Helena Christensen, who kissed INXS's Michael Hutchence live on stage.
The 3rd Helpmann Awards ceremony was presented by the Australian Entertainment Industry Association), for achievements in disciplines of Australia's live performance sectors.
The Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Awards have taken place on alternate years since 2005, with the Golden Rooster taking place on odd years.
Jury award is given by the chosen jury of critics assigned to the function while Popular Award is given on the basis of public voting.
The awards are awarded annually at the end of September by the Chicago Athenaeum Museum of Architecture and Design, and Metropolitan Arts Press Ltd.
The 2009 MuchMusic Video Awards were held in Toronto, Ontario at MuchMusic's headquarters on June 21, 2009.
It is one of the Magritte Awards, which were established to recognize excellence in Belgian cinematic achievements.
The Nierenberg Prize for Science in the Public Interest is given annually by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography.
However, these dramatic performances often included actresses from miniseries, telefilms, and guest performers competing against main cast competitors.
The Lo Nuestro Award for Pop Male Artist of the Year is an award presented annually by American network Univision.
NATAS, which gives presents the coveted Emmy among sectors of the television industry in several award ceremonies.
The awards were established in 1955, with acting awards being given without making distinctions between roles in plays and musicals, or actors and actresses.
Award has been given in more than a dozen categories rendered into three major segments Viewers Choice, Jury Choice and Technical Awards.
Usher is the only other artist to receive the award more than once.
Jason Akermanis of the Brisbane Lions won the medal by polling twenty-three votes during the 2001 AFL season.
The award was first awarded in 2004.
Nominees of all but one of the categories are selected by the general public, with the remaining category winner chosen by the judges.
The awards are presented annually by the Houston Film Critics Society based in Houston, Texas.
It was presented by Gary Lineker and formed part of a public vote to determine a special Golden Sports Personality of the Year.
The Ranamok Glass Prize is an annual award given to glass artists who live in Australia or New Zealand.
The prize is administered by the Institution of Civil Engineers.
Many awards focus on the finished product, but the Kerlan Award is given based on the creative process.
In its first season, Cristina's Court became the first winner in this category in 2008.
The trophy was possibly awarded prior to 1953 and after 1958, but more research is needed on the subject.
The University Division was renamed "Division I".
It began to be presented at the 2012 ceremony.
The Tunisian Confederation of Industry, Trade and Handicrafts
In 2011 Adjovi was detained by the Nigerian Police Force with allegations he defrauded three Nigerian bodies.
The British Environment and Media Awards, or BEMAs, were created by Media Natura, and are awarded by the World Wide Fund for Nature.
The biggest winner of the night was Anne Murray with four awards including the Album and Single of the Year awards.
The structure of the ceremony was a complete departure from previous years.
The EMET Prize is administered by the Award Committee, composed of representatives appointed by the Prime Minister and the A.M.N.
The children's category was merged into the shōnen and shōjo categories starting in 2015.
In the night ceremonies, Rectoverso and Habibie & Ainun were biggest winner with receiving three awards trophies each.
From 1951, the Shield was awarded to the winner of the New South Wales Rugby League Grand Final, replacing the Labor Daily Cup.
The Lou Groza Award is presented annually to the top college football placekicker in the United States by the Palm Beach County Sports Commission.
The awards were broadcast live from the Schermerhorn Symphony Center in Nashville, Tennessee.
One of his most notable roles was in Sholay.
The Golden Martín Fierro Award is presented annually by the Asociación de Periodistas de la Televisión y Radiofonía Argentina.
The award was given to performers for albums containing at least 51% of new recordings of the pop genre.
The ceremonies also feature the premieres of new titles and an in-depth look at previously announced games.
In 2001, Denny Stark won the first ever Pacific Coast League Pitcher of the Year Award.
The Grammy Award for Best Banda or Norteño Album was an award presented at the 2012 Grammy Awards, but was discontinued after that.
Musicians accomplishments from the previous year were recognized.
Shihad won the Legacy Award, and were inducted into the New Zealand Music Hall of Fame.
This prize is awarded annually to the best college football player in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics.
Among the contenders for the film awards Brokeback Mountain received the highest number of nominations with four.
The Fleur du Cap Theatre Awards are an annual South African theatre awards presentation focusing on professional productions staged in and around Cape Town.
The Hum Award for Best Television Sensation Female is one of the Hum Awards of Merit presented annually by the Hum Television Network and Entertainment Channel.
The award was first given following the 1971–72 season.
The most nominated editor is Daniel Pearl with nine nominations.
The King Baudouin Foundation is an independent and pluralistic foundation based in Brussels whose aim is to serve society.
Huayu Scholars may study at any university or college-affiliated Mandarin training center.
The Academy Award for Best Animated Feature was first given for films made in 2001.
The César Award for Best Editing is one of the annual César Awards given by the Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma.
The 10th Annual Tony Awards took place at the Plaza Hotel Grand Ballroom on April 1, 1956.
In the following list, the first titles listed in gold are the winners; those not in gold are nominees, which are listed in alphabetical order.
Founded in 1979 by Jay A. Pritzker and his wife Cindy, the award is funded by the Pritzker family and sponsored by the Hyatt Foundation.
The most recent prize was awarded in 2009.
The 31st Primetime Emmy Awards were held on Sunday, September 9, 1979.
Axe Deodorant were the sponsors of the first Filmfail Awards to be held on February 28th at St. Andrews Auditorium.
It was first awarded at the 18th Metro Manila Film Festival ceremony, held in 1992; Okay Ka Fairy Ko!
Voting commences from June 14 until July 25, 2008.
Usher and Eminem both won two awards; the former was nominated for three and the latter, five.
The 5th PMPC Star Awards for Television were held at the Metropolitan Theater in Manila on October 26, 1991, and broadcast on IBC Channel 13.
APRA also runs awards for its Australian members.
Not only Canadian military units are eligible; Commonwealth and foreign units are also eligible if the deed occurred while serving alongside Canadian units.
New writers, both living and deceased, have been inducted annually since 2010.
Judas Priest, AC/DC, and Imogen Heap each won a Grammy for the first time in their careers.
The award for Best Rock Album has been won by Powderfinger the most time, with three wins, for: Internationalist, Odyssey Number Five and Vulture Street.
D'Rivera holds the record for most wins as performer in this category, with six out of eight nominations.
This was the first major win for ER since 2001.
It has grown from a small function of around 20 people to a two-day event attended by over 200 people.
Recipients of this award receive a gold medal, a bronze replica, a certificate and an honorarium.
The Best Current Affairs Presenter is an award presented annually at the Star Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1994.
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
The award was first presented at the 6th Primetime Emmy Awards on February 11, 1954.
The Star Awards for Favourite Onscreen Couple was an award presented annually at the Star Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1994.
Shortlisted authors are heavily promoted in individual Libris book stores, providing important commercial opportunities for authors and booksellers.
The following day, TVB released the award ceremony's voting mobile app, in addition to the full list of nominations.
The award's only tie occurred in the National League in 1979, when Keith Hernandez and Willie Stargell received an equal number of points.
under 40, or at career stage corresponding to being under 40 should their career have been interrupted.
The 63rd Annual BMI Pop Awards were held at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on May 13, 2015.
No performer has won a Moonman in this category for their work as an art director.
The trophy commemorates former Florida State Seminoles football coach Bobby Bowden.
The 22nd Annual Echo Awards were held on March 21, 2013, at the Palais am Berliner Funkturm in Berlin.
The winner was 14-year-old eighth-grader Jolitta Schlehuber of McPherson, Kansas, sponsored by the Topeka Daily Capital.
The award includes a A$10,000 cash prize.
Each round three goals were nominated and fans were able to vote online for their favourite at the league's website.
The President's Volunteer Service Award is the premier volunteer awards program, encouraging citizens to live a life of service through presidential gratitude and national recognition.
The 15th Annual Tony Awards took place on April 16, 1961, in the Waldorf-Astoria Grand Ballroom in New York City.
The YoungStar Awards, presented by The Hollywood Reporter, honored young American actors and actresses from ages 6–18 in their work in film, television, stage and music.
Three winners—Kris Benson, David Price, and Stephen Strasburg—went on to become the first overall MLB draft pick.
Carol Cheng has been hosting the awards ceremony since 2006.
Chun and Tung Soo Hua are the most recent winners for their performances in Focus and Money Week respectively.
Along with the MuchMusic VJ's, it was confirmed on the MuchMusic website that Miley Cyrus will co-host the show.
When both the coaches and media select the same player, he is the consensus conference player of the year.
It will be celebrated in Guanajuato in order to commemorate the 200th Anniversary of the Mexican Independence Day.
Mukerji is the first and only actress to win both these awards for the same role in the same year.
The 4th Annual Indonesian Movie Awards was held on May 7, 2010, at the JITEC Mangga Dua Square, North Jakarta.
In 1988, PARI brought back the awards and today, the organization still handles these awards.
The statuette was designed by Louis McManus, who modeled the award after his wife, Dorothy.
Other NFL Coach of the Year awards are presented by Pro Football Weekly/Pro Football Writers of America and the Maxwell Football Club.
Set up by the brothers Michel and Albert Roux, it was first run in 1984 with Andrew Fairlie being named the first winner.
The show also featured memorials for Aaliyah and Joey Ramone.
Katy Perry was the first performer announced.
Puerto Rican singer Ivy Queen is the most nominated artist without a win, with three nominations, and the only female nominee.
Since its inception, the award has been given to 13 actresses.
It was founded in 1961 in memory of Oswald Veblen.
Fischer Black Prize is a memorial prize awarded in honor of Fischer Black that rewards individual financial research.
The design features a red crystal cricket ball studded with over 4200 Swarovski crystal chantons, resting on a brass hand extended from a gold-plated base.
To be eligible, the recording must be an album in the contemporary and traditional blues genres, and contemporary adaptations of Australian traditional music and/or folklore.
It is considered by many to be the "Academic Heisman."
The award was established by Elliott Cresson, life member of the Franklin Institute, with $1,000 granted in 1848.
Also the ceremony was known as the "Grammy Year of Women", every artist nominated for Album of the Year were all female.
It may be presented annually, to an individual or a team of not more than three people, for outstanding contributions to communications technology.
The 2nd Canadian Folk Music Awards were held on December 10, 2006, at the Myer Horowitz Theatre in Edmonton, Alberta.
The first award ceremony began in 1994.
The award is named for Eddie Robinson, the College Football Hall of Fame coach, who retired in 1997 after 56 years at Grambling State University.
Winners are always invited to attend the ceremony.
The first recipient was George B. Dantzig for his work on linear programming.
The award was established in 1994 by Andy Plummer and Maureen Cahill in order to promote glass art to the public.
In both 1977 and 1978, the Oliviers presented an award for Best Performance in a Musical, this was won by a female performer on both occasions.
Eli was also a star quarterback at Ole Miss and is the current quarterback of the NFL's New York Giants.
The ceremonies were broadcast nationally on CBC Television from 7pm Eastern Time.
The ceremony was held at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, and was televised live on CBS.
He set, and held for decades, a number of Yale passing records.
Don Jazzy won the Producer of the Year award.
From 1981 to 1985, it was given solely to the producers, and then in 1986, it was shared between the Director and Producer.
It is delivered annually in biology, particularly the areas which Francis Crick worked, and also to theoretical work.
The award is presented at the club's annual football banquet.
The ceremony was broadcast on Fox from the Pasadena Civic Auditorium in Pasadena, California.
Wilkins also holds the record for most nominations, with five.
The Rebel is presented in conjunction with Phoenix Award for a science fiction professional meeting similar criteria.
Awards categories have varied slightly from year to year.
The ceremony was broadcast on local television station WWOR-TV in New York City.
Australian screen legend, Jack Thompson AM, is the President of the Academy.
The Awards support the work of Laureus Sport for Good, which supports over 100 community projects in around 40 countries.
The Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy is an award presented annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.
The Black Keys, Eminem, Herbie Hancock, Alicia Keys, The Roots, Christopher Tin and BeBe Winans won two awards each.
The jury for the third competition in 2015 includes Idil Biret from Turkey and winner of the second Sussex International Piano Competition, Poom Prommachart.
The new award categories were later created in the 1975 ceremony.
The Stewart Parker Trust Award or Stewart Parker Prize is an annual Irish award for best Irish debut play.
Her album was the first Hip Hop act ever to win the coveted award.
The 8th Annual Tony Awards, presented by the American Theatre Wing, took place at the Plaza Hotel Grand Ballroom on March 29, 1954.
It was established by Christian Narkiewicz-Laine, the Finnish-Lithuanian-American architect, design critic, artist, poet, and museum chief of The Chicago Athenaeum.
The star, which symbolizes the fraternity ritual and motto, "Strive for the Highest", is surrounded by a golden laurel wreath, symbolizing achievement.
The association added awards for Division II and Division III players in 1983, and for National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics and junior college players in 2008.
Recipients of the medal are entitled to use the postnominal letters O.M.C.
The Trustees also specified that the work of the recipient must have withstood the test of time.
Instrumental songs or a new version of a previously recorded track are not eligible.
Since 1999, the awards ceremony has been broadcast on the television network Telemundo, where it became the network's highest-rated music special.
*b) On a manikin, demonstrate the treatment of a conscious infant with an obstructed airway.
Shakira was honored as Person of the Year on November 9, 2011.
The medal continued to be awarded after the merge of the IRE with the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in 1963 to form the IEEE.
The awards are organized by the co-founders of startup company Sawhorse Media.
The Premio 40 Principales for Best Spanish Group was an honor presented annually at Los Premios 40 Principales.
Roger Clemens was an extremely successful college player with the Texas Longhorns before starting his professional career.
Once again, the awards recognise the biggest and most exciting artists from the previous 12 months, as well as looking forward to new talent in 2016.
Avril Lavigne and k-os won three awards each, while Billy Talent and Feist won 2 apiece.
The Feynman Prize in Nanotechnology is an award given by the Foresight Institute every year for significant advances in nanotechnology.
Caesar's Hour became the first show to be nominated in all four major acting categories.
It is the only quarterback award that includes each candidate's postseason-bowl performance in its balloting.
The Joyce Lester Shield is a trophy symbolizing the Under 23 Women's championship of the Australian Softball Federation.
Recipients of this award receive a bronze medal, certificate, and honorarium.
The Chinese government has denied having any connections with the prize.
The most drastic rule change was that all shows that had aired more than two seasons were ineligible.
The winner receives £20,000, with the 9 runners-up receiving £1,000 each.
This continued a trend of critics groups across the United States giving their top prizes to the film about the founding of Facebook.
The winners are decided by the fans who read the magazine.
The award was originally entitled Best Composter, before being renamed to its current title in 1969.
Initiated in 2003 by the City of Frankfurt, German Architecture Museum and DekaBank it is granted in Frankfurt am Main every two years.
If a novel has been previously published elsewhere, but it hasn't been published in the UK until the previous year, it is eligible.
The award had several minor name changes:
The pre-show also included Hilton's last interview before entering jail.
The show had an audience of 8.3 million viewers, while 10.1 million cumulative with the other three Viacom networks that simulcast the presentation.
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
They were followed by responses from viewers of Countdown, a TV pop music series on national broadcaster Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
This is a list of awards dedicated to honoring or recognizing African Americans.
The trophy was sculpted and produced by Raymond Gibby of Nobility Bronze in Pea Ridge, Arkansas.
The following is a list of winners in the 2008 MYX Music Awards, held at the Meralco Theater, Ortigas Center.
The Nightmare Before Christmas and Kubo and the Two Strings are the only two animated films to ever be nominated for Best Visual Effects.
Sean Tizzle won the Next Rated category and was later awarded a Hyundai Tucson.
In the following lists, the first names, listed in bold type against a blue background, are the winners, and the following names are the remaining nominees.
The statue for 2013 was designed by Damien Hirst.
This is the list of winners and nominees of the César Award for Best Actor.
The award is presented annually at the Hutch Award Luncheon hosted by the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington, at Safeco Field.
Categories recognizing excellence in television were added for the 4th edition that took place in 2017.
The European Parliament LUX Prize is a prize given to a competing film by the European Parliament.
The 17th Annual Japan Record Awards took place at the Imperial Garden Theater in Chiyoda, Tokyo, on December 31, 1975, starting at 7:00PM JST.
The Pacific Coast League Manager of the Year Award is an annual award given to the best manager in minor league baseball's Pacific Coast League.
Northeastern, Stony Brook, and Boston University are second with five, while four other schools have at least two awards apiece.
As of 2013, the actor who holds the most awards in this category is Philip Quast, with three.
The National RTI Awards are annual, non-government awards to acknowledge those individuals in India who have "displayed exemplary commitment to the Right to Information Act".
After the Gold Medal it is the oldest award offered by the Society.
The 16th Annual Grammy Awards were held March 2, 1974, and were broadcast live on American television.
The parent article is at List of University of Michigan alumni
They were hosted by Reba McEntire and Ray Romano, and broadcast on CBS.
Argentinian artists have won the award more times than any other nationality.
Greengard began funding the award in 1998.
The Beastie Boys' Adam Horovitz made a plea for peace in the wake of the sexual assaults at Woodstock '99.
All nominations are listed, with winners in bold and series' networks are in parentheses.
The trophy has been shared on only two occasions.
The America Award is a lifetime achievement literary award for international writers.
The award is presented by the China Television Artists Association.
Initially, separate award categories were established for black-and-white films and color films.
The medal was sculpted by Laura Gardin Fraser.
Jonathan Manalo was able to receive the most number of nominations with eight.
It is awarded to a scientist who makes a significant contribution to law in Belgium.
The Asbury Park Press is a daily newspaper in Monmouth and Ocean counties of New Jersey and has the third largest circulation in the state.
The awards ceremonies will held theme for "Sebarkan Kedahsyatan Cintamu".
The 2006 Air New Zealand Screen Awards were held on Thursday 24 August 2006 at SkyCity Theatre in Auckland, New Zealand.
Awardees receive a substantial grant, over a period of three years.
The inaugural winner for the Astronomy award was Canadian Jim Peebles; he was honoured for his contributions to cosmology.
The award ceremony takes place in New York City since 1973.
The Jack Kirby Comics Industry Award was an award for achievement in comic books, presented from 1985-1987.
The Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Awards is an annual awards program presented by the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle.
It was the 37th New Zealand Radio Awards, recoginising staff, volunteers and contractors in both commercial and non-commercial broadcasting.
It is located in central Auckland, New Zealand and was established in 1998.
The Emmy was named after an "Immy," an affectionate term used to refer to the image orthicon camera tube.
The Order of the Volta is an order of merit from the Republic of Ghana.
The Honolulu Film Awards are international film awards granted to independent films in Honolulu, Oahu, Hawaii, United States.
The prize was given by an international committee, chaired by former President of Algeria Ahmed Ben Bella.
The Japan Academy Prize for Best Film Editing is one of the Japan Academy Prize presented annually by the Japan Academy Prize Association.
As of 2015 ceremony, Samiya Mumtaz is the most recent winner of this category for her role in Sadqay Tumhare.
Psy served as co-host and a performer.
Since 1986 the shortlist has remained at five selections.
Books previously published in English are not eligible, such as re-issues and paperback editions.
Seven catchers have also won the award.
An equivalent title, People's Artist, has been known in countries of the former Eastern Bloc and is also commonly translated as "National Artist".
Janet Jackson was presented the Video Vanguard Award for her contributions and influence within music and popular culture.
Paulina Rubio was the first woman to host the awards.
The award is presented by the Manheim Touchdown Club and is recognized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
No ceremony was held in 2009 and the 2011 awards was the final holding.
The 2006 Video Music Awards marked the first time viewers were able to vote for all performers' categories.
Winners in each category are in bold.
Josh Marshall's blog, Talking Points Memo, was the first blog to receive the Polk Award in 2008 for their reporting on the 2006 U.S.
The 14th Asianet Film Awards honors the best films in 2011 and was held on 6 January 2012 at Dubai.
The Tamil Nadu government has appointed dancer Chitra Visweswaran as the secretary of Tamil Nadu Iyal Isai Nataka Manram.
For the Lo Nuestro Awards of 2014, the Pop New Artist of the Year award was reinstated and merged again the following year.
The awards have been instituted by Public Cause Research Foundation, and sponsored by NDTV, Hindustan Times, Dainik Jagran, and others.
The winner is selected by a jury and invited to St. Francis College in Brooklyn, New York, for a speech.
There were two ties in the award's history — 1982 and 1987.
The awards were inaugurated by China Film Association in 1962 and sponsored by Popular Cinema magazine, which has the largest circulation in mainland China.
This was also in the pop field, but did not specify pop music.
The 1st IIFA Utsavam was held on 24 and 25 January 2016 at the Gachibowli Athletic Stadium, Hyderabad, India.
The Asian Awards, reward outstanding achievement from within the global Asian community.
Starting in 2004 the award was sponsored by Hutch Essar an Indian telecommunications company and called the Hutch Crossword Book Award.
It is currently held by the Clemson Tigers, who won the third College Football Playoff National Championship to cap the 2016 season.
The expenses associated with the trophy eventually became too much of a burden to the family, so Pepsi became a co-sponsor in 1988 and 1989.
The Tewaaraton Award is an award given annually, since 2001, to the most outstanding American college lacrosse player.
Sarah Silverman repeatedly made negative jokes towards Paris Hilton, which caused mixed reactions from the general audience.
Art Music Awards are sponsored by APRA and the Australian Music Centre.
The award was won by Isaac Hayes for his album Black Moses.
When the WHA folded, the Oilers joined the NHL, where he established many scoring records and led his team to four Stanley Cup championships.
The 43rd Annie Awards ceremony took place on February 6, 2016, on the campus of UCLA.
The Mnet Asian Music Award for Best Female Group is an award presented annually by CJ E&M Pictures.
They began in 1987, billed as the "first awards show to honor all forms of comedy."
The award was first given following the 1982–83 season.
The Matri Shree Media Award is a series of awards for outstanding performance in different areas of journalism and related fields awarded in New Delhi, India.
It was the first time since 2004 that the awards were hosted in Wellington, with Auckland being the usual location.
The award is presented since 1995 by the fourteenth Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso, to the recipients personally.
The Canada Awards for Excellence are the national quality awards of Canada.
Other, annually-presented special awards are given out for professional or non-professional work in the prior year in the Special Award—Professional and Special Award—Non-professional categories.
As of 2013, after the 4th Indie Soap Awards ceremony, the awards were rebranded as the Indie Series Awards.
Organized by the adult industry trade magazine XBIZ, the awards were first given in 2003.
The award recognises excellence in residential buildings.
Cheers' spinoff Frasier would later break this record, ultimately winning five in a row.
It is presented at the workplace of the recipient with the recipient's coworkers present.
The nickname is comparable to the Academy Awards long being known as Oscars.
It is named for and was commissioned by automotive supplier BorgWarner.
It is given to honor an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the daytime drama industry.
These five works on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of works that can be nominated.
30 Rock became the sixth show to win Outstanding Comedy Series three consecutive years, winning three major awards on that night.
It aims to promote excellence in world literature and is solely sponsored by Dublin City Council, Ireland.
It was established in 1991, the 200th anniversary of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's death.
In addition to being a member of ALA, Morris was the first recipient of its Distinguished Service Award in 1992.
It has been awarded since the 50th Annual Writers Guild of America Awards in 1996.
Don Omar is also the artist with the most wins and nominations with three and seven, respectively.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from that year.
Turing is often credited as being the key founder of theoretical computer science and artificial intelligence.
Awards are given out in visual, literary and performing arts, and there is also a Joe Devaux Lifetime Award.
The DeLano Award for Computational Biosciences is a prize in the field of computational biology.
The show is produced and hosted by Geoff Keighley.
Instituted in 2010, the award is conferred for contribution to the nation.
The Seligman Crystal is an award of the International Glaciological Society.
This is a list of the winners of companies and websites that won the annual Webby Awards of the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences.
Problems have arisen with contracts signed, large sums of monies have been paid and the event postponed.
Among the winners in each category, one will be chosen as the "drama" winner in which the winning works are guaranteed film adaptations.
As a guest star who will fill the event, among them Afgan, Titi DJ, Indro Kusumonegoro, Elvy Sukaesih, Ira Swara, and Siti Badriah.
The Percy Nicholls Award is an American engineering prize.
It is named in honour of Stewart Parker.
The Animation of the Year of the Japan Academy Prize is one of the annual Awards given by the Nippon Academy-sho association.
This award is usually reserved to be one of the last awards presented, and is one of the most premier and publicized awards of the ceremony.
Of these programs, the only one with winners in consecutive seasons is the Louisville men's program.
Kinky Boots had a season best 13 nominations and 6 awards.
The Mnet Asian Music Award for Album of the Year is a daesang award presented annually by CJ E&M Pictures.
The awards night was aired on ABS-CBN's "Sunday Best" on May 1, 2016.
† - indicates the performance also won the Filmfare Award.
Calor Village of the Year Northern Ireland
Awards were presented in 42 categories, including Breaking News, Investigative Reporting, Outstanding Interview, and Best Documentary.
The televised annual presentation ceremony features performances and award presentations by popular country music artists.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year is an awards ceremony that takes place annually in December.
In early Primetime Emmy Award ceremonies, the supporting categories were not always genre, or even gender, specific.
Between 2004 and 2017 he was nominated every year, except 2006 and 2011.
The 2014 BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award, took place on 14 December at The SSE Hydro in Glasgow.
Performers included Jann Arden, Leahy, Sarah McLachlan, Our Lady Peace and, Shania Twain.
The first annual Altazor Awards 2000 took place on March 30, 2000, at the Teatro Municipal de Santiago.
The formal ceremony at which the awards are presented takes place in Los Angeles, California.
The Polaris Music Prize gala is video streamed live on CBC Music and AUX TV.
The awards have been telecast since 1998 on TNT, and since 2007 have been simulcast on TBS.
They are intended to recognise Indonesian achievements in film and draw the public's interest to the cinema industry.
Black Book was the first film since the introduction of Dutch box office awards in 2001 that reached an audience of one million visitors.
Individual candidates must be citizens or long-term residents of the United States and have been practicing design for at least 7 years.
The judges may declare a "no award" if there is unanimous agreement that none of the nominees are worthy.
The awards have been sponsored since their inception by the content marketing agency Bookmark, formerly Forward Worldwide.
In that same year, he was the first overall MLB draft pick and proceeded to win the Rookie of the Year Award.
The 28th Golden Melody Awards was held on June 24, 2017, at the Taipei Arena in Taipei.
Presently voting is done through MTV's official website through a Movie & TV Awards voting website.
Originally called the Grammy Award for Best Polka Recording, the award was first presented to Frankie Yankovic in 1986.
The Press' investigative team was a finalist for the 2010 Pulitzer Prize in Public Service.
The organization, founded in 1990, includes 33 film critics for print, radio, television, and internet publications based in North Texas.
Among the 10 winners of the 2012 Platinum Reel Award were Mumtaz Hussain2”) and Manan Singh Katohora.
In 2009, Les Prix Rideau Awards became fully bilingual, with a full slate of awards being presented for both English and French-language productions.
The awards are given in various categories.
The Alex Awards annually recognize "ten books written for adults that have special appeal to young adults ages 12 through 18".
The group consisting of Ricky Skaggs and Kentucky Thunder has been presented five awards.
World Fantasy Award nominees and winners are decided by attendees and judges at the annual World Fantasy Convention.
The category was established beginning with the 1990-91 season, originally titled Musical Revue-Entertainment.
The ceremony was broadcast on Fox from the Pasadena Civic Auditorium in Pasadena, California.
Since its inception, the KORA Awards has been staged eleven times on the African Continent.
Taylor Swift leads the youngest person in CMA history to be nominated for, and win, the most prestigious awards of the night, entertainer of the year.
It has since reverted to its original name.
An NRJ Music Award is an award presented by the French radio station NRJ to honor the best in the French and worldwide music industry.
When Maryland's Greivis Vásquez won the award in 2010, the Venezuelan became the first player born outside the U.S. to receive this award.
The statuette was designed by Louis McManus, who modeled the award after his wife, Dorothy.
This is a list of winners and nominees of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie.
Other multiple winners are Gustavo Cerati with three wins out of four nominations and Emmanuel de Real of Café Tacvba winning twice.
In fact, his video for "The Boys of Summer" was also the year's most nominated video, receiving seven nominations in total.
Award recipients receive a statuette in the shape of a golden rooster, and are selected by a jury of filmmakers, film experts, and film historians.
The foundation awards prizes in five categories: Service to Islam; Islamic studies; Arabic Language and Literature; Science; Medicine.
The Heinz Award is considered to be among the largest individual achievement prizes in the world.
Claudia Brant, Angie Chirino, Joy Huerta, Natalia Lafourcade, Shakira, and Mónica Vélez are the only female writers to be awarded.
I would like to express my support to initiatives like this which enhance the cultural cooperation between young people from different countries.
Ladysmith Black Mambazo received great applause for performing "Acappello" and "Y-tjukutja".
The Citra Awards, described by Screen International as "Indonesia's equivalent to the Oscars", are the country's most prestigious film awards.
Winners in each category are in bold.
The category was split up into Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Villain/Villainess in a Drama Series – Daytime only in 1993, 1994, and 2000.
Chen Shucheng holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with 17.
The 2000 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 6, 2000 and broadcast on Fox.
As part of the effort, the ATO decided to sponsor the event.
Awards are given in February following the eligibility period.
The award is given personally by NASA astronauts as it represents the astronauts' own recognition of excellence.
Dharmendra is an Indian film actor, producer and politician.
Beginning with the Oscars for 1957, the two categories were combined to honor only the screenplay.
The award was first awarded in 2002.
The 20th Annual Grammy Awards were held February 23, 1978, and were broadcast live on American television.
The ceremony was held at the NBC Studios in Burbank, California.
The prize is not awarded posthumously; however, if a person is awarded a prize and dies before receiving it, the prize may still be presented.
Although the approach of a strong tropical storm cancelled much of the pre-show activities, the show itself went on as scheduled after the storm passed.
Mehdi Hassan Khan was a Pakistani ghazal singer and playback singer for Lollywood.
Frank's Place became the most recent show whose only season was nominated for Outstanding Comedy/Drama Series.
They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the previous year.
The hosts of this edition was Manish Paul and Nihar.
The ceremony was edited and aired on April 27, 2014 on Radio Disney and Disney Channel.
The primary ceremonies were televised in Japan on TBS.
In 2003, the audience criterion was increased to 100,000 tickets in an effort to further stimulate the Dutch film industry.
Annually, award honorees are recommended by the advisers including Machiko Satonaka and many other great manga artists.
Since 2012, INews TV and MNC Channels have also broadcast the Panasonic Gobel Awards.
Quite honestly, Stephanie couldn't quite understand what the big deal was...you go to the store and buy a toy.
The show was usually held during October or November and a televised show was produced, touted as the "biggest party for kids on the planet".
Candidates are judged on accomplishments on the field as well as on their character, scholastic achievement, and leadership qualities.
Next year, it was officially divided into two separate categories to acknowledge both male and female actors individually.
The International Bluegrass Music Awards is an award show for Bluegrass Music presented by the International Bluegrass Music Association.
Members of the association then vote on the published poems, and first through third-place winners are announced.
The Pacific Coast League now has a Pitcher of the Year Award, which was established in 2001.
Some of the works and workers are inducted into the XRCO Hall of Fame during the awards.
The awards honour British people who have acted bravely or extraordinarily in challenging situations and are presented by Carol Vorderman.
The prizes have been awarded for the first time by the Swiss Film Academy, created in 2008.
The ceremony took place on 1 December 2013 at the Star Stage@KWC in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The awards were held in the same venue as the 1997 MTV EMAs.
In Division I, Duke has the most all-time winners with five.
The 2003 New Zealand Television Awards was staged on Friday 22 August 2003 in Auckland, New Zealand.
From 1978 onwards, the field umpires conferred after each game and awarded a single set of votes, rather than voting independently.
It has been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction" and "the best known literary award for science fiction writing".
It was also the first time the ceremonies were simulcast in Spanish.
Patil is an Indian title or surname native to the states of Maharashtra and Karnataka.
Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
The winner and nominees of Most Popular New Male Talent were chosen by the public through an online voting survey on the TV Week website.
The award for Best Urban Album was first presented as Best Urban Release to Koolism in 2004, for his album Part 3 - Random Thoughts.
RAI is in charge and responsible of the organization of the manifestation, and the General Secretariat has its headquarters in Rome.
The César Award for Best Adaptation is an award presented by the Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma.
They were called the "Erotic Awards" from 2002 until 2013 when they become what is now known as the Sexual Freedom Awards.
The Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance category was renamed Best Metal Performance and became a stand-alone category.
Between 1999 and 2003, separate awards were given for Best Original Soundtrack Album and Best Original Show/Cast Album.
The Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award was presented to actress-singer Julie Andrews.
This is a list of the Los Premios 40 Principales winners and nominees for Best America International New Act.
Lucero was announced as a host on October 2, 2015.
Cachao is the only artist to have won this category three times, the last one posthumously.
The monetary value of the award is US$500.
The award is given to honour a standout performance of a new female talent on an Australian program.
The award has commonly been referred to as the hum for Best Actress Jury or Best Drama Actress Jury.
A suite of educational programs is offered every year in conjunction with the Awards by the Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum's Education Department.
Awards for gay adult video were a part of the AVN Awards from the 1986 ceremony through the 1998 ceremony.
In Division II, Virginia Union has four winners, the most all-time, and is followed by Kentucky Wesleyan which has three.
The Lo Nuestro Awards have been held since 1989 to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
Each show won a then-record five major awards,.
The Star Awards for Rocket is an award presented annually at the Star Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1994.
The Restaurant & Bar Design Awards, is an annual award dedicated to recognising the design and architecture of food and beverage spaces internationally.
The award was created by the Phi Delta Theta fraternity in honor of Gehrig, who was a member of the fraternity at Columbia University.
The Big Ten Conference Player of the Year is a baseball award given to the Big Ten Conference's most outstanding player.
The award was discontinued from 2016 as all performances in the hosting category were shifted to the newly formed Best Programme Host category.
Currently, nominees are determined by single transferable vote, within the actors and jury branch of HTNEC; while winners are selected by viewers votings.
The recipients of the awards received a statuette that depicted one wrestler holding another over his head.
awards is annual music awards ceremony in Lithuania.
The following are the recipients of the Honorary César award since 1976.
Three winners of the Dick Howser Trophy are members of the National College Baseball Hall of Fame.
They were established in 2001 to mark the 10th anniversary of the association.
The special traditionally used to air in either February, March or April, but now airs the last weekend of November.
Other multiple winners include: Jennie Lee Riddle, Francesca Battistelli, and Jars of Clay.
The ceremony was hosted by John Denver and Mary Tyler Moore.
Annually, an international jury of hospitality experts and peers decided on awards presented to hotels and other hospitality companies.
The IIFA Utsavam is the South Indian segment of the annual IIFA Awards.
The 31st Annual GMA Dove Awards were held on April 20, 2000 recognizing accomplishments of musicians for the year 1999.
Starting from 2004, the winners are selected by the audience through an online survey.
Beginning in the prize's second year, the award introduced a preliminary shortlist of two or three writers.
Three others have been two–time winners: Orlando Lightfoot of Idaho and Harold Arceneaux and Damian Lillard of Weber State.
A sneak preview of a new series, The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius, aired after the telecast.
Up and Toy Story 3 also received Best Picture nominations after the Academy expanded the number of nominees from five to ten.
The award is presented annually at the Wolfe Pack's Annual Black Orchid Banquet, traditionally held on the first Saturday in December in New York City.
The awards are organised by the World Branding Forum, a registered global non-profit organisation based in London.
Also, from 1993 to 2005, no winner was a solo male artist.
The 18th Annual Japan Record Awards took place at the Imperial Garden Theater in Chiyoda, Tokyo, on December 31, 1976, starting at 7:00PM JST.
There were only seven categories presented in the first award ceremony.
‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Tony Award
The Rothmans Medal was also the award for Player of the Year in the Queensland Rugby Union premier grade competition between 1976 and 1996.
The awards ceremony was held at Earls Court in London for the last time.
Only one other film, Dallas Buyers Club, earned multiple 2013 honors from the DFWFCA.
It was designed by Astri Bergman Taube, a Swedish sculptor.
No film however received more than one award.
The award was first given following the 1984–85 season.
was, for the second time in their careers, the biggest winner of the night, taking home four technical awards for their video "Everybody Hurts."
The Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show is an all-breeds conformation show.
It is administered by the National Arts Council.
Isaac Oboth, Phionah Mutesi(Queen of Katwe) as well as our Lifetime Achievers, like The late Dr.
The show was hosted by Marlon and Shawn Wayans at Radio City Music Hall in New York City.
The 33rd Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 20, 1991.
The Orgill Trophy was added to the series in 1954.
In 2013, after having conducted film workshop there, actor Adil Hussain was granted a lifetime membership in the university's film club.
The 2012 MTV Video Music Awards Japan was held in Chiba on June 23, 2012 at the Makuhari Messe and was hosted by Japanese trio Perfume.
*c) Simulate the treatment of an unwitnessed unconscious adult, child, or infant with an unobstructed airway.
This marks the last time that either series category has had this occur.
The hosts were Raúl González, Roselyn Sánchez, and Laura Flores.
The award was introduced in the 1998 ceremony and the current winner is American Honey.
The award was first presented in 1986, as two separate categories for performances in a miniseries and tele feature.
It was lastly awarded in 1965 at 16th Blue Ribbon Awards and discontinued.
Seaton, and his prize, is referred to in the poem of George Gordon, Lord Byron 'English Bards and Scots Reviewers' 1809.
The awards, previously called Australian Film Institute Awards or AFI Awards, began in 1958 and involved 30 nominations across six categories.
The 2015 event took place the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark.
Recipients, who are performers, administrators, entrepreneurs, members of the media, writers, directors or politicians, are chosen by the JC Williamson Award Committee.
The ceremony was held at the Shrine Exposition Center in Los Angeles, California for the thirteenth consecutive year.
It is handed out by the Australian Recording Industry Association, an organisation whose aim is "to advance the interests of the Australian record industry."
Adding its nominations in Creative Arts categories, its total expands to 37.
First presented in 1997, the award was named in memory of American journalist Randy Shilts.
The top show of the night was the NBC anthology Hallmark Hall of Fame for their production of Macbeth.
She quickly discovered that there was no independent consumer information about children's media.
The following is a list of recipients and nominees of that award, along with the film for which they were nominated.
The first award distribution ceremony was held on 7 December 2004 at Islamabad.
The medal honors individuals for "outstanding invention, innovation, or development which has resulted in a significant change or contribution to the nature of the rubber industry".
The 1953 through 1956 and 1958 awards did not include any recognition of runner-up magazines, but since 1959 all five candidates were recorded.
The National Garden Scheme opens gardens in England and Wales for charity.
The Brooks Wallace Award is an award given by the College Baseball Foundation to the best college baseball shortstop of the year.
It was named in honor of Kikuchi Kan.
The date marks both the feast of the Virgin of Chiquinquirá—the patron saint of Zulia—and the anniversary of Aparicio's professional debut.
Despite the award first being presented in 1947, there were no nominees announced until 1956.
John Cena has been picked to host the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards alongside Natalie Bassingthwaighte.
The nominees were announced on December 18, 2008 by Angela Bassett and Eric McCormack at Los Angeles' Pacific Design Center's Silver Screen Theater.
A list of the winners of the Award for Best Film at the Mainichi Film Award.
Shakira opened the show with "Loca" and the official song of the 2010 FIFA World Cup "Waka Waka" featuring Dizzee Rascal.
Frank Robinson is the only player to win the award in both the American and National Leagues.
Brennan has received the most awards in this category with three awards.
Currently, each team selects Academic All-District honorees in eight geographic districts across the United States and Canada.
The prize was originally named after the English 18th-century author and lexicographer Samuel Johnson.
Jimmy Fallon received unanimous acclaim for his performance as the host, with some critics citing him as one of the greatest Emmy hosts in recent times.
West's album went on to win Best Rap Album.
is the most recent winner in this category.
It is now sponsored by the Fodor Family Trust and includes a prize of $25,000.
The statuette is in a shape of phoenix, designed by artist Han Meilin.
Through 2017, BYU has the most winners with five, with New Mexico and Utah in second place with four.
The 9th Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association Awards, honoring the best in film for 2003, were given on January 5, 2004.
For lists of winners and nominees for each category, see the list of award categories below.
The prize was offered for the first time in 2013.
TVB announced the first round of nominees at the 48th TVB Anniversary Gala on 19 November 2015.
It was created to pay tribute to French journalist and film historian François Chalais, under the auspices of his wife Mei Chen.
The LennonOno Grant for Peace is an award presented by artist and peace activist Yoko Ono.
Winners receive a trophy that is nicknamed the LMA.
Nominations for the children's series categories were announced on February 7, 2007.
About 6.2 million children participated in voting.
The award was given to Barbra Streisand in 1992 and Michael Jackson in 1993.
New categories for this ceremony included awards for writing and directing, as well as one-time performances in anthology series,.
Computer generated images, pantomime, dancing, circus and music expand the frontiers of the theatre and make it more dramatic.
The International Emmy Award for best documentary is a category of the International Emmy Awards, honoring documentaries produced and displayed initially outside the United States.
The Honors have been presented annually since 1978, culminating each December in a star-studded gala celebrating the Honorees in the Kennedy Center Opera House.
The awards are considered by many in Sweden as the Swedish equivalent of the Grammy Awards.
Effective 2010, the annual Griffin Poetry Prize was doubled from CAD$100,000 to CAD$200,000 in recognition of the prize’s tenth anniversary.
The best Jazz album was presented at the New Zealand Jazz Festival in November.
Since 2011 other worldwide/regional nominations have been added.
The Kihara Memorial Foundation Academic Award is a biological award in Japan.
In 1972, Joe Sparks won the first ever Southern League MOTY Award.
It was launched in 1998 by film director Lee Hyun-seung with a membership of "young generation" directors in their twenties to forties.
Professor Federico Rosei accepted the José Vasconcelos World Award of Education, granted for his excellence in the field of university teaching.
The British Academy Video Games Award for Game Design is an award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
"Mientes" by pop band Camila won the Record of the Year and Song of the Year.
It is presented by the Heisman Trophy Trust in early December before the postseason bowl games.
Merkle proposed a more revolutionary approach towards nanotechnology.
Entries that are also considered outstanding and worthy of recognition receive a SILVER ADDY.
The criteria for inclusion includes literary effort, representativeness of the contemporary literary genres and the author's reputation as a writer.
The American Country Awards is an annual country music awards show, entirely voted on by fans online.
The 34th Annual Tony Awards was broadcast by CBS television on June 8, 1980, from the Mark Hellinger Theatre.
The 6th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held in Los Angeles at the Shrine Auditorium on Thursday, November 3, 2005.
The show was opened by Madonna, performing "Hung Up".
Before the event, the public can cast their vote online through the website of Vlerick Alumni.
This award is presented for outstanding accomplishments in the application of technology in the fields of interest to IEEE that improve the environment and/or public safety.
Ryan's Hope, Guiding Light, and The Young and the Restless hold the record for most wins with six.
The winner is selected by a panel of judges whose decision making process is screened as part of the award ceremony, screened live on BBC Four.
The Otto Hahn Medal is awarded by the Max Planck Society to young scientists and researchers in both the natural and social sciences.
† - indicates the performance won the Tony Award
Teams choose their nominee during the regular season, and the winner is announced at the World Series.
The award was originally created in 2002 and was given out only one more time before being retired in 2003.
The 9th Daytime Emmy Awards were held on June 8, 1982, to commemorate excellence in daytime programming from the previous year.
Comparatively, the final episode of Channel 4's Big Fat Gypsy Weddings was watched by 8.05 million viewers.
The nominees were determined by a team of judges employed by MediaCorp; winners were selected by a majority vote from the public via online voting.
The award is given usually in Berkeley at the annual meeting of the Society for Neuroscience.
As of 3rd Hum Awards, there have been 22 dramas nominated for the Best Drama Serial award.
The first female recipient, in 1944, was swimmer Ann Curtis, who won more national AAU championships than any other woman.
It was named after former Florida Marlins pitcher Charlie Hough who had a great relationship with the reporters.
In January 2017 the company announced that it was the last year that they would sponsor the prize.
From 1966 to 1994 it returned to the title Best Engineered Recording, Classical
The medal is awarded in the name of the United States Surgeon General for actions of exceptional achievement to the cause of public health and medicine.
As of 2013, it is the last Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony to have aired on NBC.
King Kong, Legally Blonde and The Addams Family led the musical field with eight nominations each.
Madhuri Dixit was the earliest winner in 1998.
The Vlerick Award is a Belgian award granted by Vlerick Alumni, the official alumni organisation of Vlerick Business School.
The rest of the winners come from Argentina, Cuba, Colombia and Puerto Rico.
Nominees and winner are selected via a run-off voting by all the members of the Académie.
Two types of awards are given: "Equity" for work done under an Actors' Equity Association contract, and "Non-Equity" for non-union work.
From 2012, this category was discontinued as part of a major overhaul of the Grammy Award categories.
Ties can occur if the panel decides both entries show equal merit, however they are encouraged to choose a single winner.
The first recipients were the British musician, Paul McCartney, and the Baltic States.
The trophy also contains a counter that reads "Nazi™" from the game.
The award was founded in 1982 by the Ministerio de Cultura of the Cuban government.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.
The awards are voted on by both the public and a committee of experts.
The award debuted in 1978 as the first–ever women's national player of the year award in college basketball.
The show was hosted by American comedian and actor Marlon Wayans.
The British Soap Awards is an annual awards ceremony to honour the best of British soap operas.
It is selected by the league's head coaches, who are not allowed to vote for their own players.
The festival for a nominal year was usually held during February or March next year, rather than at the end of the nominal year.
It has no relation to Henrik Ibsen or the Ibsen family, and is solely the initiative of the Norwegian government.
The 1999 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 1, 1999, at the Gibson Amphitheatre, Universal City, California.
Established in 2005, the prize honors pianists who have achieved the highest levels of national and international recognition.
The award was first given following the 1982–83 season, when the conference was known as the ECAC South basketball league.
The 2010 Dahsyatnya Awards was an awards show for Indonesian musicians.
They were established in 2002 to celebrate the top music videos of the year in Latin America and the world.
The first ceremony was held on December 12, 2012 and was originally called the "Thanks Party".
The Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actress is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst supporting actress of the previous year.
Team Edison2 won the $5 million Mainstream competition with its four-passenger Very Light Car, obtaining 102.5 MPGe or just below 69 MPG running on E85 fuel.
The American band Imagine Dragons performed their song 'Radioactive' at the Heineken Music Hall.
The Shinjuku Music Festival was an annual music awards on the produced by Nippon Cultural Broadcasting.
On the reverse, two figures related to the University of Helsinki, the prize sponsor, are engraved.
The award ceremony takes place during the International Student Festival in Trondheim.
Since its institution in 1997, the award has changed names several times.
Wizkid claimed the most awards while Olamide received the most nominations with three across 39 award categories.
In October 2016, he became partner and vice-chairman of Oilers Entertainment Group.
The prize is awarded by the Marconi Foundation.
Three Sakharov laureates were subsequently awarded the Nobel Peace Prize: Nelson Mandela, Aung San Suu Kyi, and Malala Yousafzai.
The award was first presented at the 29th Annual TV Week Logie Awards, held in 1987 when it was originally called Most Popular Sports Coverage.
Initially, there was only one general award.
The jury selects two award winners in each category while the Spectrum Fantastic Art advisory board selects the recipient of the Grand Master award.
"§" indicates a Golden Globe Award-winning performance that was not nominated for an Academy Award.
It was broadcast live simultaneously by TNT and TBS.
The Walter Camp Man of the Year is one of seven awards given annually by the Walter Camp Football Foundation.
The Magritte Award for Best Costume Design is an award presented annually by the Académie André Delvaux.
The nominees were announced on March 31, 2010.
The award is generally made to a work of new sculpture, which has to be erected in a place accessible to the public.
The Katara Prize for Arabic Novel is an Arabic literary prize based in Qatar.
The TVB Anniversary Awards, officially known as the TV Awards Presentation of TVB, is an annual awards ceremony honoring TVB's programming achievements in Hong Kong television.
Later that year, the MTV VMAs for Latin America, scheduled for Cancún, were canceled due to Hurricane Wilma.
It is named after British author Arthur C. Clarke, who gave a grant to establish the award in 1987.
The ceremony was hosted by former Playboy model, actress and comedian, Jenny McCarthy.
In 2003, the category was split into two to recognize Female and Male Rap Solo Performances.
The Primetime Emmy Award for Program of the Year was an annual award presented as part of the Primetime Emmy Awards.
In 2011 the prize was made biennial, with the next awarding scheduled for September 2012.
It is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the television industry.
From 1969 to 2005, a Silver Dagger was awarded to the runner-up.
The Suzanne J. Levinson Prize is a prize of the History of Science Society, awarded biennially and established in 2006.
Built upon rigorous scientific evaluation, the Campbell Award uses an evidence-based case study approach to serve as a catalyst toward transforming the landscape of EHS worldwide.
The 20th Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association Awards honoring the best in film for 2014 were announced on December 15, 2014.
They ended it by taking a long kiss in front of everyone.
The awards were hosted by The Price Is Right host Bob Barker.
The 2013 Country Music Association Awards is a music award ceremony that was held on November 6, 2013, at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee.
The show was held at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville, Tennessee.
Award recipients include the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.
The StarHub TVB Awards is an awards ceremony held every year to recognise the achievements by Hong Kong television dramas and artists in Singapore.
In 1966 there was also an award for Best Contemporary Vocal Performance - Female
The winners of the 22nd Annual Midsouth Emmy Awards were announced in a live television broadcast on January 26, 2008.
The New York Yankees have the most winning players with 22, followed by the St. Louis Cardinals with 17 winners.
The Hall of Fame award went to Afro juju musician Shina Peters.
Desimag called the event "The most prestigious Asian music awards ceremony in the UK".
The award is given to an Australian group comprising two or more members for an album or single release.
§ - indicates a Screen Award-winning performance that was not nominated for a Filmfare Award.
The Carnegie Prize is an international prize for artists, awarded by the Carnegie Museum of Art in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The 2015 APRA Silver Scroll Awards was held on Thursday 17 September 2015 at Vector Arena in Auckland, celebrating excellence in New Zealand songwriting.
Gotland Game Conference, originally Gotland Game Convention and later Gotland Game Awards, is a Swedish game development competition for students.
The nominees and winners are determined and selected by a majority vote from the public via telephone and SMS text voting.
The awards are divided into three categories: the Primetime Emmy Awards, the Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards, and the Primetime Engineering Emmy Awards.
The 30th Japan Record Awards were held on December 31, 1988, and were broadcast live on TBS.
All nominations are listed, with winners in bold and series' networks are in parentheses.
The 2014 SCTV Awards honored the popular in Indonesian television program and music.
Juan Luis Guerra's A Son de Guerra was awarded the Album of the Year, the second time he has received this award.
This award is usually reserved to be one of the last presented, and is considered to be one of the most premier awards of the ceremony.
Several new award categories were introduced, including "Best Sports Coverage".
The "pre-telecast" ceremony, officially known as the Premiere Ceremony, in which the majority of awards were presented, was held at the nearby Microsoft Theater.
Starting from the 2nd Latin Grammy Awards those categories were merged, creating Best Female Pop Vocal Album and Male Pop Vocal Album.
The awards have attracted the attention of publishers by setting down a benchmark in science fiction and fantasy.
It is considered the most prominent award for Israeli Journalism, second only to the Israel Prize for Journalism.
Aerosmith is both the biggest winner and nominated act, with eight nominations and winning four of these.
The concert featured performances from 10 Tony-eligible musicals as well as interviews with Tony nominees.
By the 20th annual Tejano Music Awards, the genre suffered and its popularity wane after Selena was shot and killed in 1995.
The Prize For Freedom is an annual prize presented by the Liberal International since 1985.
It was awarded by the Peace Organisation of Australia.
Awards were held on 9 June 2016, at the Troxy in Stepney, in the East End borough of Tower Hamlets.
The Southland Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year is a basketball award given to the Southland Conference's most outstanding player.
The Texas League Pitcher of the Year Award is an annual award given to the best pitcher in minor league baseball's Texas League.
On 19 February 2017, Afrdi announced his retirement from international cricket.
Leading the nominees was BoA with three nominations.
The director of the festival was Rowan M. Ashe.
This rule was removed in 1997 onwards to allow the Mediacorp male artistes from the variety sector to contest for the award.
Plaques bearing the name of each honoree are mounted around the sides of the onyx base.
It is named after W. Alden Spencer, a Professor of Physiology and Neurology at Columbia University.
The Nikkan Sports Film Award for Yūjirō Ishihara Award is an award given at the Nikkan Sports Film Award.
The Golden Rooster Awards are awards in film given in mainland China.
The awards are presented each May, and the ceremony is televised.
The award is presented at the annual AACTA International Awards, which rewards achievements in feature films, regardless of the country the film was made.
It was created in 2005 by television producers SVT, TV3, TV4, Kanal 5 and UR.
The National Book Award for Fiction is one of four annual National Book Awards, which recognize outstanding literary work by United States citizens.
Eight coaches have won the award more than once, with Mike Martin of Florida State having the most with seven.
The prize was first awarded in 1967.
competition will be held in the Gnessin Music School in Moscow..
He was born at Yasin, in the Ghizer District, of the Northern Pakistan.
The award was discontinued from 2011 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories.
The 2015 MTV Video Music Awards was held on August 30, 2015.
The results are decided by a panel of judges from a list of submitted nominees; the long-list of nominees is reduced to a short-list of finalists.
The Wonder Girls and 2NE1 are the only K-pop act to be nominated in this category.
persons employed by universities, and one for persons employed by industry or government organizations.
The award was established by the IEEE Board of Directors in 2002.
The Parents' Choice Awards were established in 1978 by Diana Huss Green, who is currently the president of the Parents' Choice Foundation.
John Flanagan holds the record for most nominations with five.
The award is a sculpture in silver by Gerald Benney.
The TV Drama Awards Made in China is an award show presented annually on Anhui Television to award Chinese television drama series.
The award, along with the Eisner Awards, is presented in July of each year at the annual San Diego Comic-Con International.
Aziz Ansari served as a host for the 19th annual ceremony.
In Spanish the word alma means soul.
This medal was established by the Institute of Radio Engineers in 1952.
The award was first awarded in 2002.
The 35th Annual Tejano Music Awards was held on October 24, 2015, at the Tobin Center for the Performing Arts in San Antonio, Texas.
The award will be discontinued from 2012 in a major overhaul of Grammy categories.
International Emmy for Best Drama is an extinct category of the International Emmy Awards.
Challenger has the most nominations without winning at 12; the next highest is FOSFAX with 7.
It has five grades: Grand Cross, Grand Officer, Commander, Officer and Knight.
Christina Aguilera received the award for her first Spanish language album Mi Reflejo.
Afridi is a philanthropist and owner of the Shahid Afridi Foundation.
Medal was designed by Austrian artist Josef Humplik.
The winner and nominees of Best Lifestyle Program are chosen by the public through an online voting survey on the TV Week website.
Colin Farrell was presented an award for Trans-Atlantic Breakthrough Performance by Victoria and David Beckham, although this award was not broadcast in the United States.
The purpose of the award is "to perpetuate the example and influence of Amos Alonzo Stagg".
Other film Nagabonar Jadi 2, Quickie Express, and Mereka Bilang, Saya Monyet!
The nominations are selected by the members of twelve categories of filmmaking professionals and supported by the French Ministry of Culture.
The performer whose videos have won the most awards is Madonna.
The winner maintains permanent possession of the trophy, but some teams display the trophy in their race shop.
The award was announced in 2006 and was actually given out for the first time in 2007.
The event was televised live on KFVE-TV in Hawaii and streamed online worldwide on the station's website.
Ceremonies were broadcast nationally on CBC Television from 7pm Eastern Time.
Juno awards organiser CARAS announced the major nominees 6 January 1981, with additional nominees in classical, jazz and album graphics announced 20 January 1981.
The Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year is an annual basketball award given to the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference's most outstanding player.
Adele, with three wins, is the artist with the most awards in the category.
The N-Peace Awards are coordinated by the United Nations Development Programme's N-Peace Network.
The chapter also participates in judging Emmy entries at the regional and national levels.
The categories for Best Supporting Actress and Supporting Actor were first introduced in 1995.
It replaced the My AOD Favourites Awards.
The 3rd Canadian Screen Awards were held on March 1, 2015, to honour achievements in Canadian film, television and digital media production in 2014.
The show was held at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by Michael W. Smith.
Bouchercon is an annual convention of creators and devotees of mystery and detective fiction.
However, since 2004, the winners are selected through an online survey.
The awards were originally created to recognize achievement in the online adult industry, but, in recent years, video categories have been added.
2005 Inaugural Chair – Edward de Bono
The Awards are named for Lucille Lortel, an actress and theater producer, and have been awarded since 1986.
Pretty Little Liars won all five of their nominations, including Choice TV Drama.
From 1986 to 1989 it was awarded as Best Pop Instrumental Performance
They are run by the British Phonographic Industry and took place on 19 February 1996 at Earls Court Exhibition Centre in London.
For the actors who were nominated in this category, Ng and Qi are the only actors to win in this category twice.
The 2003 Laurence Olivier Awards were held in 2003 in London celebrating excellence in West End theatre by the Society of London Theatre.
From 1968 to 1991 it was known as Best Comedy Recording
An All-Pro is an American football player in the National Football League voted as one of the best players of their position during a given season.
Additionally, 2017 marked the first time that two country artists were nominated in this category in the same year.
The awards were first televised in 1972 on ABC.
Star Awards 2013 was a double television award ceremony held in Singapore.
Musical performances included Kid Rock, Robbie Williams, and Will Smith with Dru Hill, Nine Inch Nails and Kool Moe Dee.
It is awarded for acts of bravery in hazardous circumstances.
It derives its name from Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart won the award for ten years consecutively, the longest winning streak for a television show in Primetime Emmy Award history.
The most recent, the 13th British Academy Games Awards, was held on 6 April 2017 at Tobacco Dock in London.
Originally inscribed the Jason Cup, the trophy was first awarded during the 1998 season, named after a child with a life-threatening illness.
The MTV Video Music Award for Best Hip-Hop Video was first given out at the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards.
The Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media has been awarded since 2000.
It was dedicated to the memorial of Ernest Rutherford.
Shakira is the most awarded artist in this category, being a four-time winner.
The nominees were announced on January 5, 2006 and the event was televised live by both TNT and TBS.
The 2016 show was hosted by DJ Khaled.
In 2012, the combined Hard Rock/Metal category returned following a major overhaul of Grammy Award categories.
On 23 May nominations for the APRA Music Awards were announced on multiple news sources, with Matthew Calwell aka 360 being the most nominated artist.
The 6th Daytime Emmy Awards were held in 1979 to commemorate excellence in American daytime programming from the previous year.
A select committee of 20 individuals narrows the watch list down to the semifinalists.
The show has mostly been held at the Super Bowl in Sun City, with the exception of three years, and broadcast live on national broadcaster, SABC.
Originally called the Tony Award for Actress, Supporting or Featured, it was later changed to its current title in 1976.
The 3rd Annual Grammy Awards were held on April 13, 1961, at Los Angeles and New York.
The Best Music Film category is for concert/performance films or music documentaries.
The 22nd Annual Tony Awards was held on April 21, 1968, at the Shubert Theatre and broadcast on television by NBC.
Other winners included Geisha, who won in four categories, Coboy Junior, who earning three awards and Ayu Ting Ting, Judika & Duma, etc.
Jussi Nuorteva, member of the WCC and Director of the National Archives of Finland, presented the Winners' Book.
This award was established during the days of The Emergency in 1977.
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Laurence Olivier.
Due to the celebration of the 10 years, the logo was selected through The Missing Logo, a contest where the fans could create their own logos.
The award honors Wilbur and Orville Wright as the first successful builders of heavier-than-air craft.
Newly started the Lifetime Achievement, it was first initiated on the 2009.
They are conferred by the Football Kenya Federation.
Of these, only five magazines run by eight editors won.
In September 2009, following the franchise's bankruptcy, Gretzky resigned as coach and relinquished his ownership share.
A post-show was held after the awards ceremony on April 27, which was broadcast on Channel U at 10.00pm.
Five players have won the award multiple times: Byron Larkin, Brian Grant, Rashad Phillips, Alfredrick Hughes and Keifer Sykes.
It is broadcast on Yomiuri TV and Nippon Television.
The first ceremony was held in August 1995 and was hosted by Eamonn Holmes.
Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out, for music released in the previous year.
In 2016 the award is also offered to nursing students in Polish universities.
From 1988 to 1991 the category was known as Best New Age Performance.
Entries can be submitted by both authors and publishers.
The Nikkan Sports Film Award for Best Newcomer is an award given at the Nikkan Sports Film Award.
It's an annual Lebanese awards ceremony that honors cinematic achievements in film-making.
Founded in 1969, it is the world's largest organization of political consultants, public affairs professionals and communications specialists.
The Anthony Awards are literary awards for mystery writers presented at the Bouchercon World Mystery Convention since 1986.
It is awarded annually by the National Council of Teachers of English to one American book published the previous year.
The 41st Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 24, 1999, at Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles.
Brazilian singer Gilberto Gil received the award the following year.
They have been compared to the American Grammy Awards, and British Brit Awards.
The evening was hosted by Sam Champion, A. J.
From 1986-2010, the category was presented by the Australian Film Institute, the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards.
Mexican singer Alicia Villarreal is the most nominated performer without a win, with three unsuccessful nominations.
General Hospital has the most awarded actors in this category with a total of eleven wins.
The prize had a monetary value of $25,000, and was named for benefactor Floyd Chalmers, an editor and publisher.
It was created during the Assilah city's Forum, on the initiative of Muhammad Benaissa, former Moroccan Minister of Culture and current Mayor of Assilah.
Notable awards included the Lifetime Achievement Award given to television and radio host Larry King.
This would turn out to be the last time an award from 1984 would be permanently eliminated.
The awards had quite a convoluted history:
All categories and nominees were highlighted on the Radio Disney’s 2015 RDMA Nomination Special, a two-hour on-air programming feature that was aired the next day.
She needed help stepping onto the podium due to her injuries.
The title sponsor of the event is Ujala.
The performer whose videos have won the most awards is Madonna, whose videos have garnered three direction Moonmen.
This explains the recognition of non-hip-hop songs such as "Thong Song" and "I'm Real".
In 2000 it was presented as Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.
Original and Adapted screenplays are jointly nominated in this category.
The Australian Football League celebrates the best goal of the season through the annual Goal of the Year competition.
Since its inception, the award has been given to 73 actors.
Metallica won in the first three years.
Exceptionally two or more authors of a paper/papers may be considered for the award provided they are members of sections or local groups.
This page lists the winners and nominees for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Daytime Drama Series.
The Bert Bell Award is presented by the Maxwell Football Club to the player of the year in the National Football League.
Leading the nominees was Cho Yong-pil with six, followed by Psy, G-Dragon, and Girls' Generation with five nominations each.
The prize is given to the remixer(s), not the original artist(s).
Viewers were able to vote from the official site or by text messaging service.
It is the Austrian equivalent to the Grammys.
He is nephew of another Nishan-e-Haider holder Raja Aziz Bhatti.
The award is organized by Ken Nwogbo, the founder and Editor-in-Chief of Nigeria CommunicationsWeek, a leading Nigerian ICT newspaper published in Lagos State, Nigeria.
Amy Hanaiali'i Gilliom holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with five.
The 2011 ceremony was held on November 16 in New York City.
The prize is specifically for prose fiction by Arabic authors, along the lines of the Man Booker Prize.
On September 14, 2010 it was announced that the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year honoree would be Plácido Domingo.
There have been two players honored multiple times: David Greenwood of UCLA and Sean Elliott of Arizona.
Both the Primetime and Daytime awards each present their Creative Arts Emmys at separate Creative Arts ceremonies prior to their respective main ceremonies.
In the years since, the awards have gained prominence as a major red-carpet destination and industry event.
Ties can occur if the panel decides that both entries show equal merit, however they are encouraged to choose a single winner.
The performers of a song are not credited with the Academy Award unless they contributed either to music, lyrics or both in their own right.
The Emmy statuette is fifteen inches tall from base to tip, weighing five pounds and is composed of iron, pewter, zinc and gold.
The Ignatz Awards are named in honour of George Herriman and his strip Krazy Kat, which featured a brick-throwing mouse named Ignatz.
He later allegedly struck an agreement with the Lagos State Government for US$7.5 million but the awards were not staged until 2010 in Burkina Faso.
And the nominations have been announced in the category of Favorite, which will be chosen by the public via SMS.
During the 42 nomination years, 146 writers have had works nominated; 40 of them have won, including ties and co-authors.
The following are the winners of the 2nd annual Origins Award, presented at Origins 1976:
The Blue Dragon Film Awards is an annual awards ceremony that is presented by Sports Chosun for excellence in film in South Korea.
They are administered by The Manchester Evening News, and are presented at an annual ceremony in Manchester, England.
As of 2017 ceremony, Bushra Ansari is the most recent winner of this category for her role in Udaari.
The inaugural awards were made in November 2009, to six recipients at a ceremony at the House of Lords.
In 2011, the Recording Academy announced the retirement of the award category.
The continued sponsorship by publishers such as HarperCollins and Orbit has identified the award as an honour to be taken seriously.
It has been held in this format every year since, although no prizes were awarded at the 1994 edition.
The golden anniversary of the Grammys and NARAS was noted in references and performances throughout this year's ceremony.
William Morris, Secretary-General of the Next Century Foundation explains:
The recipient is chosen by a panel assembled by the league's sponsor and is announced in the second or third week of May.
Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the hum for Best Model Male.
The award is a bronze statue of two clapping hands.
The World Fantasy Award—Short Fiction is given each year for fantasy short stories published in English.
Puff Daddy was the top nominee with five nominations, other top nominees included Janet Jackson, Aaliyah and Maxwell.
The Critics' Choice Prize winner was announced at the Critic's Choice Showcase at the King's Arms bar on 6 November.
The award was discontinued in 2004 because its organisers feared it fell foul of laws banning all advertising and promotion of tobacco.
The 36th Annual Grammy Awards were held in 1994.
It has not been awarded since, though it is still listed as an official category.
The event was presented by Gary Lineker, Clare Balding and Gabby Logan.
Recipients of this award receive a gold medal, bronze replica, certificate, and honorarium.
ABC's freshman series Modern Family was the most honored comedy series of the year with six awards, including Outstanding Comedy Series.
Out of these, though, only the former two ended up taking home some Moonmen for their videos.
The 2006 New Zealand Music Awards took place on 18 October 2006 at the Aotea Centre in Auckland.
LL Cool J hosted for the fifth consecutive year.
The award first took place in October 1979 at the Sheraton Universal Hotel in Universal City, California.
The medal is awarded with a citation reading "in appreciation for outstanding service and dedication in upholding the high standards of the Academy."
The 40th Primetime Emmy Awards were held on Sunday, August 28, 1988.
It is named after NBA Finals Champion and NBA Finals MVP player Jerry West.
It is analogous to the All-America Team and was most often selected in newspapers.
A total of 58 directors have been nominated for a Citra Award, 22 of whom have won at least one.
The 'British Citizen Awards' is a ceremony held bi-annuallyin the United Kingdom recognising individuals doing extraordinary works in the local community.
One of the most memorable moments of the show was when Ram Chiang decided to sing a cappella during his acceptance speech for Best Supporting Actor.
This award has been merged with that for best children's fiction into an award for best children's book.
The prize is also designed to encourage the translation and promotion of Arabic language literature into other major world languages.
The Senior CLASS Award is presented each year to the outstanding senior NCAA Division I Student-Athlete of the Year in men's basketball.
The Compuserve Comics and Animation Forum's Don Thompson Awards were given for achievement in comic books, comic strips, and animation.
It is unknown whether the Order of Republic can be awarded to foreigners or not, but the Order of Friendship is exclusively reserved for foreigners.
clarity, appropriateness and aesthetic appeal of illustration;
The ICC Cricket World Cup Trophy is presented to the winners of the World Cup finals.
The International Tamil Film Awards is an awards ceremony that honours excellence in Tamil language films around the world since 2003.
Celine Dion also received two awards both for "My Heart Will Go On", which received a total of four awards.
As the BBC needed to make budgetary cut backs, 2011 was the last BBC Four Awards was held.
The Etisalat Prize for Innovation was created by Etisalat Nigeria in 2012, aimed at encouraging and celebrating valuable innovation in the African market.
Westerfeld holds the record for most nominations with eight, and Rory Barnes has the most nominations without winning, having been a losing finalist five times.
Celine Dion was the host for the ceremonies, which were broadcast on CBC Television at 8 pm Toronto time.
The ceremony was hosted by Johnny Carson.
‡ - indicates the performance was also nominated for the Filmfare Award
This award began in 1968 and had four nominees until 1999 when expanded to five nominees.
Winners are listed in bold and series' networks are in parentheses.
The award was first given following the 1994 season.
The Marcel Benoist Foundation was established by the will of the French lawyer Marcel Benoist, a wartime resident of Lausanne, who died in 1918.
The Crystal Film is a film award recognising domestic box office achievements in the Netherlands.
The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and, renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor Lord Olivier.
Hunter Hayes won New Artist of the Year, and Eric Church took home Album of the Year.
The ceremonies were hosted by Art Linkletter.
It is awarded by the Meteoritical Society.
Edward L. Ferman and Robert P. Mills both won four times, while Frederik Pohl won three.
As of 2011, the award has not been presented since 1986.
ZIMA is an abbreviation for the Zimbabwe Music Awards which are run by the Zimbabwe Music Awards Board.
The ceremony co-organized by host NTU was the opening event of the Times Higher Education World Academic Summit.
The 2007 APRA Silver Scroll Awards were held on Tuesday 18 September 2007 at the Auckland Town Hall, celebrating excellence in New Zealand songwriting.
Zvukovaya Dorozhka is Russia's oldest hit parade in field of popular music.
Varnashilpi Venkatappa Award is an award conferred annually by the Government of Karnataka for excellence in painting.
The LEA was founded in 2009 by Tarkus Zonen.
As a result, the previous gospel album categories were combined into the Best Gospel Album and Best Contemporary Christian Music Album categories.
The Hong Kong Film Award for Best Director is an award presented annually at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
The category excludes motion pictures and documentaries, which have their own categories.
Freshman series The Sopranos led all shows with 11 major nominations.
In 1969 it was awarded as Best Entertainment Personality and was won by Morecambe & Wise.
For its second season, The Office won Outstanding Comedy Series; this was its only major award.
The Beazley Medals are two annual awards awarded by the School Curriculum and Standards Authority.
The awards were dominated by Six60 with six awards, and Kimbra with five awards .
The NAB Rising Star award is given annually to a standout young player in the Australian Football League.
Aminah Cendrakasih received a Lifetime Achievement Award, the first to be awarded by the Indonesian Movie Awards.
Nominations can be submitted by anyone, whether they are performers, companies or an individual.
Russell Thomas will serve as the director of the program.
GiMA provides a cohesive platform to celebrate and recognize the immense contribution of those who push the boundaries in Indian Music.
After two years it was registered with Directorate of Social Service, affiliated with Ministry of People’s Republic of Bangladesh Government, Dhaka, registration no.
The 2012 Honors & Awards show was aired live on AXS TV and later aired on Austin City Limits on PBS and replayed on AXS TV.
First basemen, with 34 winners, have won the most MVPs among infielders, followed by second basemen, third basemen, and shortstops.
Since their creation in 1995, awards have been given in various categories of speculative fiction.
Whoopi Goldberg is the only person to have won a Kids' Choice Award, along with the mainstream "EGOT" combination of an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony.
The current eligibility period is the calendar year.
The award is named after José Vasconcelos.
The Luigi G. Napolitano Award is presented every year at the International Astronautical Congress.
The BBC News at Ten for its coverage of climate change
Premio Lo Nuestro 2010 was held on Thursday February 18, 2010 at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, FL was broadcast live on the Univision Network.
Monsieur Marceau: Actor without Words, written by Leda Schubert and illustrated by Gérard DuBois.
Green Day were amongst the big winners, winning the Grammy Award for Record of the Year.
The award has been presented annually since 1924, when Red Grange of Illinois was the award's first recipient.
The destruction of "one of the least-loved and critically savaged games of all time" was seen an appropriate symbol for an award for excellence in gaming.
Presented annually during the Pennsylvania Press Conference, the awards are distributed among seven circulation size classifications.
presented at the British Academy Film Awards.
The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series is an award presented annually by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
In 2002, the name of the award was changed from Writing to Writing.
Diana Krall won awards three categories based on her album The Look of Love.
It has been held in the United States since its maiden edition on September 17, 2011.
The most recent award ceremony honouring movies of 2014, was held at NAF Conference Center, Abuja, FCT, on January 31, 2015.
Although the award ceremony was established in 1954, the category for best playback singer was introduced in 1959.
Starting with the 9th ceremony held in 1937, the category was officially limited to five nominations per year.
