Due to the large scale of the operations associated with invasions, they are usually strategic in planning and execution.
Electric Light Orchestra are an English rock band formed in Birmingham in 1970, by songwriters/multi-instrumentalists Jeff Lynne and Roy Wood with drummer Bev Bevan.
The band is best known for its song "The Lumberjack", which features a chainsaw solo by lead singer Jesse James Dupree.
To date, Avenged Sevenfold has released seven studio albums, one live album/DVD, two compilation albums and eighteen singles and have sold over 8 million albums worldwide.
In June 2012, they reunited and recorded new material for a compilation by CHOPS.
The group is noted for surrealistic lyrics and sound, disregard for conventional music composition, and the over-the-top theatrical spectacle of their live performances.
The band has released three albums and two EPs on Tooth & Nail Records, with 2009's Monster Monster peaking at No.
Lead singer Jerome Anthony "Little Anthony" Gourdine was noted for his high-pitched voice, influenced by Jimmy Scott.
The original members were Rick Muermann, Tony D'Amato, Brad Riverdahl and Casey Sons.
A small trace of black metal can be heard, as well.
Many of the original melodies of Ruja were composed by Rein Rannap.
Additional musicians, including violinists and a female vocalist, were occasionally incorporated into their performances.
Macrosick is an American independent art rock band based in New Orleans, Louisiana.
It was followed by "Gotta Be Wrong" which reached the top 20 in 1985.
Along with Weather Report and Mahavishnu Orchestra, Return to Forever is often cited as one of the core groups of the jazz-fusion movement of the 1970s.
City of Lions was an American independent rock band from Newport Beach, California.
Randy Thomas went on to found the band Allies and co-wrote radio hit Butterfly Kisses with former Allies band member Bob Carlisle.
Their albums are no longer in print.
The band's name comes from the Harry Dean Stanton character Travis Henderson from the film Paris, Texas.
The group enjoyed playing together, and decided to continue on as a band.
The band was notable for their short, riotous live shows and built a small, dedicated fanbase.
The Hooters are an American rock band from Philadelphia.
In 2000, Zaiko Langa Langa were awarded by the Congolese Media Association as the best Congolese musical group of the 20th century.
7L & Esoteric are an underground hip-hop duo from Boston, Massachusetts, known for battle rhymes and boom bap production.
Solid fuels, such as wood, first undergo endothermic pyrolysis to produce gaseous fuels whose combustion then supplies the heat required to produce more of them.
Records and received international notoriety touring with Green Day in 1994, becoming the most commercially successful band of the queercore movement which began in the 1980s.
Supporting popular bands on the indie circuit such as James and Carter The Unstoppable Sex Machine, the band also released several EPs.
Iron Savior is a German power metal band that formed in Hamburg, Germany in 1996.
The members of Leahy take great pride in their Irish roots and their Canadian upbringing.
The band was recently featured in Netflix Steve Aoki documentary "I'll sleep when I'm dead".
Much of the band's recorded work, including Deny Everything, had been made available at now defunct fan site Thirteen13.net with the blessing of Wayne Murray.
The band's name is a linguistic play on the name of the band AC/DC.
MLB Network also uses a brief clip of the song as the opening of their show 30 Clubs in 30 Days.
King Missile is an American band that has been led in various incarnations by vocalist John S. Hall since 1986.
Guano Apes is a rock band formed in 1994 in Göttingen, Germany.
They are also the only group to ever have 44 songs on the Oricon Top 100 weekly single chart simultaneously.
In 2001, Donaghy departed the group amid rumours of a rift with Buchanan and the group were dropped by their record label.
Los Kumbia Kings was an American Mexican cumbia group from Corpus Christi, Texas, created by A.B.
The video for that song was nominated at the 1987 Juno Awards for "Best Video of the Year".
Known for their crowd-pleasing arena rock style, the band was well-regarded by audiences despite a relative lack of critical acclaim.
During the supporting concerts for Brave Belt II, Tim Bachman was added as a second guitarist.
Bleeding Through was an American metalcore band from Orange County, California.
In 2007, their song Your Obedient Servants came in at no.19 in journalist Mick Mercer's list of Top 30 Goth Singles Of All Time.
Their genre is a mix between funk, soul and pop
In the summer of 2010, Spitalfield performed a few reunion shows.
The album spawned the single "She's the One", which became the band's biggest hit when it peaked at No.
In 2010, the band released This Addiction on its own label Heart & Skull and Epitaph.
The group was formed in 2004 and debuted with its first single in March of the same year.
In 2017 the band released "Product EP" with two subsequent tours of Asia.
Their roots date back to March 1979, when their core members entered high school.
The band has released four full-length studio albums, plus various EPs and singles.
On July 26, 2005, they released their first full-length album, Mortality as Home Entertainment, on Triple Crown Records.
Basil Harwood was an English organist and composer.
In 2017, Loudwire named Galneryus one of the 10 Best Japanese Metal Bands.
The reunion of the original five members in the early 2000s created a stir among the band's fans and music media.
The band announced April 5, 2017 that they are planning to release a new album in 2018.
Together from 1997 to 2000, their studio albums include Before You Knew Better and "The Elements of Transition", both released on Moon Ska Records.
Before "officially" uniting in mid-2005, the band had been featured on a European net-release and 2 compilation discs.
Jeffries Fan Club was a southern California Third-wave ska band formed in 1996.
Nargaroth is a German black metal band led by René "Ash" Wagner, formerly known as “Kanwulf”.
Presuntos Implicados is a Spanish pop band, created in March 1983 in Yecla, Murcia.
Although it is usually referred to as a San Francisco band, it was actually based in Willits, California, at the time that "Jenny" was released.
Cornershop are a British indie rock band best known for their 1998 UK number-one single "Brimful of Asha".
The band is currently signed to Century Media Records and has released two studio albums through this label.
Superheist is an Australian metal band, which formed in 1993.
Boylan was later replaced by Steve Borrill, but shortly afterwards the band split up.
Liljegren is the former frontman of the band Narnia.
From 1962 to 1964, Ross was replaced by vocalist Yolande Bavan
Pyl Brook is a small stream in southwest London.
Darrow went on to play in Hollywood Rose, the pre-Guns N' Roses band that featured Axl Rose and Izzy Stradlin.
Their second album, Cargo was also No.
Mama's Boys were a 1980s hard rock/heavy metal group from County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland featuring the three McManus brothers Pat, a.k.a.
60 in the same chart in January 1989.
A drummer, Stephen Spence, also joined at some point in their brief life.
He released his first novel titled South of the Pole through midnightpressbooks.com in 2007.
Formed in 1992 as Virgin Cunt, they set out to be the "most blasphemous black metal band in Europe", in a rather tongue-in-cheek sense.
Hrsta, however, differs from these previous projects in that it features Moya as a vocalist.
They soon released their first demo "I Am Me" and in October 1990, their second demo, "Does It Make a Difference".
The band signed with Mediaskare Records and released their debut record, Rebirth of the Temple, on May 2, 2006.
Guns are an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1983.
Their latest album, Wrong Meeting, was released in April 2007, with Wrong Meeting II following a month after.
They first rose to popularity in the mid 1990s.
They performed at the Wacken Open Air festival in 2006, to several thousand people, and a second album, titled Mirror was released on April 11, 2007.
Jason Collett is a Toronto-based Canadian singer-songwriter.
Son Volt is an American alternative country group, formed by Jay Farrar in 1994 after the breakup of Uncle Tupelo.
Pablo Domínguez was the third member until his recent split.
The band initially consisted of Will Bradley, Chris Evans and Robert Johnston.
While Craig did not appear on the first album, he has always been a touring member of the band.
In 1997, the group received the Pioneer Award at the Rhythm and Blues Foundation for their musical achievements.
An EP of new material, RE_Productions, was released five months later.
Artwork for the band's albums and singles was done by Flansburgh.
As of 2010, they had sold over 16 million records worldwide.
97 on the Billboard Hot 100., the line-up of Automatic Man was not cohesive.
Whether it is meaningful for an axiom, or any mathematical statement, to be "true" is an open question in the philosophy of mathematics.
In 2005 they released the mega hit Le Son de la Pluie on the Alfa Matrix compilation Endzeit Bunkertracks: Act I.
The Shins are an American indie rock band from Albuquerque, New Mexico, formed in 1996.
The band was fronted by both Hütter and Schneider until Schneider's departure in 2008.
Their key singles are "Jailanguru Pakarnu", "Blackfella/Whitefella", "Sit Down Money", "My Island Home" and "No Fear".
The group has since released three studio albums and one EP.
Their fan base grew as they played DIY basement shows and small clubs throughout the Northeast.
High points of the show were "I Can't Get a Tan" and "Big Top".
Apocalypse is a progressive rock band from Brazil that plays symphonic rock with strong electronic keyboard orientation.
Over 150 commercial & college radio stations have spun singles from Fear The Underdog.
Bell is currently a writer, living in New York City.
Their most recently released album is their first compilation album, Go Get It, with the hit single of the same name.
In 2013, after 10 years since their break up, the "Golden Trio" of Masterboy has come back to perform at different '90s revival shows.
The band has achieved, since the release of their 1997 single-debut 'Niño Bomba', both critical and commercial success.
Named after a character from the children's TV show Hirake!
Tony and Yasuko have since toured between Japan, the US, and Canada numerous times.
Rider Chips is a Japanese hard rock band started in 2000 on the Avex Mode label.
The EP featured the song "Your Long White Fingers", which appeared frequently in the cult Nickelodeon series The Adventures of Pete & Pete.
The duo were a much anticipated reunion and music critics praised their first concerts and debut album, Here Come The Tears.
Although Destroy All Monsters never recorded a proper album, Sonic Youth singer/guitarist Thurston Moore released a three compact disc compilation of the group's music in 1994.
Spermbirds are a German punk band from Kaiserslautern.
As of February 2012, the band have released five studio albums.
They have won a number of Swedish Grammis, but refuse to attend awards ceremonies.
They achieved their first number one song with "Never Again" and released their first studio album, S.T 01 Now in 2006.
It was named after a brand of synthesizer, the Korg Polysix.
Archie Bronson Outfit are an English rock band.
Most recently, Dion has moved to NYC, formed a new band called The True Lovers and also plays bass in A Place to Bury Strangers.
According to AllMusic's Kieran McCarthy "It's next to impossible to describe their sound, because — by design — it rarely follows consistent patterns".
Their sound mixed a generally punk rock approach to vocals and sound textures with poppy tunes and strong musicianship.
Support for The Buck Pets was then almost non-existent.
The band has released their latest studio album in May 2014, titled Nheengatu.
For twenty years, INXS was fronted by Hutchence, whose "sultry good looks" and magnetic stage presence made him the focal point of the band.
Alta Moda were a Canadian funk rock band formed in 1979 in Toronto.
McDonald had been a musician for almost 30 years, and favored the earlier traditional and minstrel tunes.
The group was founded in Paris by Chao, his brother and cousin, all born of Spanish parents with partly Cuban roots.
Later Christopher Farfán, Diego Dibós and Carlos Lescano joined them to form TK.
They have five top 20 albums: The Unfinished Spanish Galleon of Finley Lake, Ivy and the Big Apples, Grand Slam, Tonight Alright, and Greatest Hits.
It also included drummer Eric Akre on the critically acclaimed album Just Kidding, 1991.
To that end they routinely used muffled and de-tuned instruments, and, often to striking effect, tape loops / manipulation.
The 1968–1976 line-ups are commonly labelled Mark I, II, III and IV.
Bruford and Levin were both longtime members of King Crimson.
The co-lead vocalists for Pink Martini are China Forbes and Storm Large.
After their resident gig finished they carried on as a working band and recorded a highly polished album entitled Test Pattern.
Other members of the band are keyboardist/manager Bjorn Bottcher, live guitarist Frank Schweigert and lyricist Kai Schmidt.
Dagö is a folk rock band from Tallinn, Estonia.
De Mens is a Flemish rock band from Belgium.
9 on the Billboard Hot 100, in 1982 and 1983, respectively.
Dag Vag is a Swedish band formed in 1978.
The group also included Nicolas Cristancho, on the piano; Francisco Garcia, on the bass; Luis Pacheco, on the congas; and vocalists Jorge Bazán and Hector Viveros.
Madredeus announced too its new formation, composed of Beatriz Nunes, Pedro Ayres de Magalhães, Carlos Maria Trinidade, Jorge Varrecoso, Antonio Figueirido and Luis Clode.
The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London in 1962.
Jackie-O Motherfucker is an American experimental music group that formed in Portland, Oregon in 1994.
Omnipresent, the second release by the group, again entered charts in Rolling Stone and Alternative Press.
The band plays fast Merengue from Dominican Republic and some of their albums contains salsa music.
The band has been cited as "one of the few American links between psychedelia and what soon became heavy metal."
The Shadows could never really break through in the US, not even in the wave of the "British Invasion" in the mid-sixties.
The Nassoons are the oldest a cappella group at Princeton University.
In the same night, Lasgo and Ian Van Dahl also performed.
Originally Psyclon Nine consisted of mostly Electronic, and Aggrotech.
They were the first band of the electronic era to have a synthesiser-based number-one hit, with their single "Are 'Friends' Electric?"
Los Straitjackets is an American instrumental rock band that formed in Nashville, Tennessee, United States, in 1988.
Founded by Dallas Taylor and Luke Morton on November 30, 1997, in Ocala, Florida, subsequently its additional members were from Tampa, Florida.
For the tour, Keri Kelli joined the group in place of Ryan Roxie, who departed following the completion of the album.
Their style incorporates elements of garage rock, power pop and punk.
American Steel is an American punk rock band formed in 1995 in Oakland, California.
Their first two albums reached combined sales of 60,000 copies in the US alone.
The group had a string of international hit singles including "I Ran", "Space Age Love Song", "Wishing", and "The More You Live, the More You Love".
Their biggest hit single, "I Want to Know What Love Is", topped the United Kingdom and United States charts among others.
They were such a hit on Broadway that they were cast in the film adaptation of the musical in 1962.
They released two albums — Mommy's Little Monster and Prison Bound — before signing a three-album contract with Epic Records in 1989.
Following Palmer's early departure, Williamson and Heron performed as a duo, later augmented by other musicians.
Another album, Obitus, was released on iTunes only.
They have performed at two Olympic Games, and were the house band at the 2005 Gospel Music Association Music Awards.
Their name is derived from a lyric in the hymn "It Is Well with My Soul" by Horatio Spafford.
The band reached its final form when Jamie Sykes and James Hale joined.
Korniloff moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in sound design and music for motion pictures.
Their Heaven and Hell LP is now a highly sought-after rarity, selling for hundreds of pounds between eager collectors.
During their short career they released three demos, one EP and two full-length albums.
For the most part he stayed close to home in Switzerland and France.
Neil Finn had decided to end the band to concentrate on his solo career and the Finn Brothers project with Tim.
As of 2006, total UK sales stand at 6,520,171, and their best-selling single, "Merry Xmas Everybody", has sold in excess of one million copies.
Their single "Gravity" from the album This Too Shall Pass reached No.
The band's sound incorporates piano and acoustic elements.
Tunemaker' was finally completed in the Fall of 2016.
The Medallions were an American doo-wop vocal group led by Vernon Green.
The Housemartins were an English jangle pop band formed in Hull who were active in the 1980s.
They and Paramaecium are the best known Christian Doom metal bands, though they were always wary of being typecast as such.
They were removed from the rebroadcast the next day and their performance was replaced with an REM video.
The band was founded by the remnants of the group Synthetic Flying Machine in 1994.
Heath is a singer, songwriter and guitarist.
He died in Bangor, North Wales, on 19 May 2006.
Naked Prey was an American rock band from Tucson, Arizona.
Their first three studio albums―Eye for an Eye, Animosity and Blind―attracted the attention of Columbia Records, who signed the band in 1993.
In 2005, Koyote won the KBS Daesang for "Artist of the Year".
The band secured commercial success in 1989, when their song "Pacific State" was picked up by BBC Radio 1 DJ Gary Davies.
Veni Domine was a Christian progressive doom metal band.
That, to my mind, makes it a true Sebadoh record and aligns the style of Defend Yourself with our early releases."
An Australian band had been playing under "Dirty Pretty Things" since 2003, although it also opted to change it.
Meanwhile the band was touring relentlessly through the UK and Europe, building up a large following in the process.
Fireball Ministry is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California formed in 1999.
Krazy Kirk and the Hillbillies is a musical/variety group that performs at Knott's Berry Farm.
The group comprised singers and rappers Ross Antony, Hila Bronstein, Shaham Joyce, Faiz-Kevin Mangat, Indira Weis, and Giovanni Zarrella.
Recently he has been making films and animation and has worked on the scores to two films by Tony Grisoni; Syncing and The Pizza Miracle.
The reunited line-up are DeMarchi, Leslie, Dario Bortolin on bass guitar and Mick Skelton on drums and percussion.
They supposedly formed when Amelia Fletcher and Elizabeth Price, both wearing Pastels badges, met at a club in Oxford.
They released six full-length albums during the 1980s, starting in 1983.
Shout Out Louds is an indie pop band from Stockholm, Sweden.
In 1993, they were the first act signed to Trent Reznor's Nothing Records label.
The band is currently on hiatus, while Børud is working on a new project known as Fleshkiller.
One of their most famous CDs is Wounds and Kisses, released in 1995.
The band was once lauded as "conceivably the most important English group since The Smiths" by Melody Maker music newspaper.
The band’s third full-length, Trumpery Metier, was recorded by Tim Green, and is their first release for Gold Standard Labs.
The Last Poets have been cited as one of the earliest influences on hip-hop music.
91 in the VH1 list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time".
In June 2009, the band hired new drummer, Phil Elliot, who was friends with Matthew after Matthew had recorded Phil's band, "Born Destroyers".
The Autumn Defense is an American indie rock band composed of multi-instrumentalists John Stirratt and Pat Sansone.
Big Star's first album—1972's #1 Record—was met by enthusiastic reviews, but ineffective marketing by Stax Records and limited distribution stunted its commercial success.
According to members, the band was formed in 1996, although no material was released publicly until 2002.
Tracks on the album included "Children of Acid", "Paranormal Energy" with Zak Bagans, and "Pop That Tooshie" with Alana Evans.
Their third album, Two Hearts, reached the top 20 in Australia and top 50 in the US.
Super Furry Animals have recorded nine UK Albums Chart Top 25 studio albums, plus numerous singles, EPs, compilations and collaborations.
The group was active from 1959 until 1965, when they disbanded.
Excelsior Recordings is an independent record label located in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Their second album was then re-released in the United States by Wind-up Records with a new name, Into the West.
As their name suggests, their lyrics are often playfully satanic in nature.
They were also a taper friendly band, who encouraged the taping and trading of their live shows, provided that no money exchanges hands.
Those who raised a hue and cry falsely were themselves guilty of a crime.
Stone Temple Pilots are an American rock band from San Diego, California, that originally consisted of Scott Weiland, brothers Dean and Robert DeLeo, and Eric Kretz.
The InCiders, are a hardcore punk/metal band, based in Bournemouth, UK.
Their biggest hits include "Surrender", "I Want You to Want Me", "Dream Police" and "The Flame".
Pretty Ricky is an American R&B/hip hop group originated from Miami, Florida.
has released seven original studio albums, the last of which was released in 1995.
Zoviet France is a music group from Newcastle upon Tyne in north east England.
They have performed with other popular Spanish artists such as Rosario Flores and Macaco.
Its current members includes Anthony Nichols, Jim Koury, Darren Lourie, Marc Lopes and Stu Dowie.
A second Edgerunner release was planned, but the label folded before it could be issued.
Watt reformed the Nels Cline/Bob Lee version of The Black Gang for a new album, recorded in 2009 in a marathon three-day recording session.
The band has was dropped by their label 6 months after the release of the album and failed to continue.
Soon after the band's formation, Peadar Mercier and Seán Keane joined.
In 2002 the band signed to Anti-Flag's label A-F Records which released their self-titled full-length album in spring 2003.
Since then, the Mummies have engaged in several positively-received reunion concerts and tours.
Skulker was an ARIA Award-nominated rock band from Sydney, Australia that originally formed in 1994.
Malavoi's fame soon spread across the Caribbean and abroad with the 1983 album Zouel, featuring Thamar on vocals along with Marie-José Alie.
1000 Clowns was a rap group most notable for two songs: "(Not the) Greatest Rapper", which appeared on the Good Burger soundtrack, and "Kitty Kat Max".
Astrofaes is a Ukrainian black metal band from the town of Kharkiv, first coming into being in 1996 as a project between Thurios and Khorus.
After a short breakup, Ragona and Karcich reformed the band with a new lineup.
Q and Not U disbanded in September 2005 after completing their touring commitments and a short farewell stand at Washington, D.C. venue The Black Cat.
He released solo material under the name Noah's Arkweld following the breakup of hHead.
Osbourne's regular use of alcohol and other drugs led to his dismissal from the band in 1979.
The international headquarters was in Kenosha, Wisconsin for fifty years before moving to Nashville, Tennessee in 2007.
The group takes its name from the French slang "NTM", an acronym for "Nique Ta Mère", which in turn comes from the Arabic "nak").
Together with Scott Ricciuti, the band has also performed as a backing band for Jim Carroll, and for Shana Morrison.
The Winstons were an American 1960s funk and soul music group, based in Washington, D.C., United States.
The band has a "tolerant" view on cannabis, demonstrated by "La Main Verte" from the Mamagubida album.
The Like Young were an indie rock band from Chicago, Illinois, composed of Amanda and Joe Ziemba.
Thousand Foot Krutch is a Canadian Christian rock band formed in 1995.
Formed in 1992, the band saw early mainstream success in the 1990s, including the hit single "Jenny Says".
Their most recent album, The Brutalist Bricks, was released on March 9, 2010.
Seminal punk band Television played their song "Fire Engine" live in the mid-1970s.
He uses samples from many sources, and is influenced by Parliament, Funkadelic and Earth Wind and Fire among others.
In 1985, they won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance with "Cinema", and received five Grammy nominations between 1985 and 1992.
In 2003, they signed a record deal with Flicker Records and soon after released subseven: the EP.
The Goats were an American alternative hip hop trio from Philadelphia.
They are perhaps most famous as the original songwriters and recorders of the song "Smoke Two Joints".
Psychic Emperor is also known for their indie rock covers of The Misfits Songs, including Angelfuck, Where Eagles Dare, Hybrid Moments, Last Caress and more.
It was then announced in September 2005 that a concert in New York might be their last show.
The band was led by Timo Rautiainen, leading member of Finnish metallers Lyijykomppania, a band which still has an underground cult following in the scene.
Some of the group's songs performed by Aroyo contain lyrics written in her native Bulgarian.
Afterwards, Roberts formed Catatonia, with Jones joining the band a while later.
Microdisney was an Irish musical duo, formed in 1980 by Cathal Coughlan and Sean O'Hagan.
In May 1989 they issued their debut single, "Say Goodbye", which peaked at No.
Heavy Stereo were an English alternative rock band, who were active from 1993 to 1999.
The band's music is also characterized by social commentary in songs such as "Guten Tag" and "Müssen nur wollen".
Once back in Stockholm he dedicated his time to the growing music life of Stockholm.
Released in March 1974, it peaked at number one on the US Billboard pop and R&B charts.
The Asylum Street Spankers, formed in Austin, Texas in 1994, were a band whose music was rooted in early 20th century American musical forms.
This Picture were a UK alternative rock band that was formed in 1989 in Cheltenham, England and broke up in 1995, after releasing two albums.
It is named after Morgan Le Fay of the Arthurian cycle.
To date, they have released three studio albums, two EPs, and ten singles.
They have had more number-one albums on the British charts and sold more singles in the UK than any other act.
The Detroit Wheels were an American rock band, formed in Detroit in 1964.
In September 2016, they played a few US dates including Cropped Out festival in Louisville, Kentucky
As of 2011, Dream Theater has sold over 8 million records worldwide.
In the late 1980s the quartet used Bluiett's composition "Hattie Wall" as a signature theme for the group.
As of 2014, the lineup consists of Phil Lewis, Steve Riley, Kenny Kweens, and Michael Grant.
In 2009, Debris also won "Engineer of the Year" for his work on State of the Art.
One of their songs, "The Secret of the Life Tree", features on the soundtrack of David Lynch's 2006 film Inland Empire.
Nastasee recorded two albums featuring collaborations with members of Mucky Pup, Dog Eat Dog, Non-Fiction, Hades and Murphy's Law.
"Even When I'm Sleeping" was voted "Song of the Year" at the 1998 APRA Awards.
They have collaborated several times with fellow Atlanta, Georgia artist and Block Ent labelmate Yung Joc.
The band toured the US extensively the same year, including the 2002 Plea For Peace tour, sponsored by Asian Man Records.
Both were significant contributors to the band's sound, particularly in the form of backing vocals.
The band was originally a side project put together by Johnny Bonnel and Darius Koski of the Swingin' Utters.
Travis is a Scottish rock band formed in Glasgow in 1990, composed of Fran Healy, Dougie Payne, Andy Dunlop and Neil Primrose.
Their first album, Ambushed, featured production from Jay Matias, Ali Shaheed Muhammad, Salaam Gibbs and the group itself, among others.
PFM were the first Italian group to have success abroad, entering both the British and American charts.
Me Mom and Morgentaler were a Canadian third wave ska band based in Montreal.
The band's music is noted for its "heavy groove of drum and bass, blended with quick dance elements."
To date they have released five full-length albums and one EP.
Chad Gray is the vocalist for the heavy metal supergroup Hellyeah, to which Greg Tribbett was also a member until 2014.
Released on 16 December 2005, Nosferatu features artwork by Mark Wilkinson and received an early rave review from the Swedish rock magazine Power Play.
World of Twist were an English indie pop band, formed in Sheffield in 1985.
In 2006, Proctor departed to return to his day job as a computer programmer full-time.
DJ Babu joined the Junkies by late 1993; the newest member is currently Mr. Choc, who was added to the crew in early 1996.
Destiny's Child has sold more than sixty million records worldwide to date.
Naked Aggression appeared in the documentary The Decline of Western Civilization III.
The band used tape manipulation, digital delays, sampling, tape cut-ups and other effects in their music.
In the decades that followed, the surviving members sporadically collaborated and participated in one-off Led Zeppelin reunions.
Their sixth studio album, Hydra, was released in early 2014 in Japan, Europe, and the United States.
Lofofora is a French metal band from Paris.
Hot One is a United States rock band formed in 2005.
Project, formerly made up of leader and Morning Musume member Reina Tanaka, Miyabi Natsuyaki and Airi Suzuki, two Hello!
They had some success with the single Right Now and the debut album The Keyword Is Excitement!
This lineup released two albums, Saturate and We Are Not Alone, before Hummel was replaced by Chad Szeliga in 2005.
Up, Bustle and Out are musicians and recording artists - DJ D. "Ein" Fell and producer-performer Rupert Mould from Bristol, Senor Cuffy, Dave Cridge UK.
Toys That Kill is a San Pedro-based punk rock band, formed from a previous incarnation known as F.Y.P.. Just after the release of the last F.Y.P.
is an American crossover thrash band that formed in Houston, Texas in 1982.
From April 2007-March 2010, Ginger Reyes played bass guitar for The Smashing Pumpkins.
Sargeist is a Finnish black metal band formed in 1999.
The group formed in 2001, then broke up in 2005 before reforming in December 2008 to record new material.
Their live shows are often very interactive, and have different themes and theatrical elements complete with props, costumes, skits, and amusing slide shows.
Eraserheads is a Filipino rock band formed in 1989.
It was formed by vocalist Jorge Herrera, Hank, Colin Wolf, Mark Yoshitomi and Yureesh Hooker.
Nervous Gender is an American punk rock band founded in Los Angeles, California in 1978 by Gerardo Velazquez, Edward Stapleton, Phranc and Michael Ochoa.
Advanced Chemistry were the first to use the term "Afro-German" in a hip hop context.
Olsen Brothers are a Danish rock/pop music duo, formed by brothers Jørgen and "Noller" Olsen who won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2000.
Norma Jean is an American metalcore band from Douglasville, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta.
The Princeton Tigertones are an internationally known all-male collegiate a cappella group from Princeton University.
Later, Alexander would be replaced by former W.A.S.P.
They would go on to win four Grammys, and be inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame.
The Mutton Birds was a band from New Zealand formed in Auckland in 1991 by Don McGlashan, Ross Burge, and David Long.
Bach and the blues were compatible, combining classical form with jazz improvisation and polyphony.
Originally based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, the band enjoyed international success in the 1970s and 1980s, releasing more than 20 albums since 1971.
Through 2009, the band has sold more than 100 million records worldwide.
The Elgins were an American vocal group on the Motown label, active from the late 1950s to 1967.
The name is a pun on New York City's Grand Central Terminal, often colloquially called Grand Central Station.
Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart in 1991.
They were known as the "Pioneers of Psychedelic Rock", and were inspired by many bands like the Beatles, Yes, and the Guess Who.
Early on, they scored a worldwide hit with the song "United We Stand".
For the next full decade, they recorded top-selling albums including The Heat Is On and Between the Sheets.
In 1993 they signed a record deal with EMI and enjoyed some commercial success with three minor hit singles.
After MC Raw was replaced, he was still able to perform occasionally.
Anderson is currently working with his musical project Rabbit Junk.
They released their debut album, Who Killed......
They claim to originate from the Balkans, but play music from various parts of the world.
It features notable landforms such as Lulworth Cove, the Isle of Portland, Chesil Beach and Durdle Door.
DJ Distortion is the main producer while MC Raw used to add vocals, this role now occupying RTSier.
Rob Daly, Martin Murphy and Dan O'Connor first met while playing in bands around Dublin.
The band's most prominent show to date was in September 2005, when they were an opening act for The Rolling Stones in Moncton, New Brunswick.
The Murder Junkies is an American punk rock band, best known for having been GG Allin's final backing band before his death.
Godgory was a Swedish melodic death metal or death doom metal band that was formed August 1992 by Erik Andersson and Matte Andersson of no relation.
The band is often considered a side project of Godspeed You!
Evanescence  is an American rock band founded in Little Rock, Arkansas in 1995 by singer/pianist Amy Lee and guitarist Ben Moody.
In addition to two studio albums, Big Black released two live albums, two compilation albums, four EPs, and five singles, all through independent record labels.
In March 2008 the Relapse version of the album was also released on vinyl for the first time by the Swedish label Bloodharvest Records.
The Human League are an English synth-pop band formed in Sheffield in 1977.
Awards and nominations, and sold 3.5 million albums worldwide.
Their song and album titles revolve around egg puns They have had approximately 70 releases from over 30 different record labels.
The band has sold over 10 million albums and singles, making them one of the best selling French bands.
They consist of husband and wife duo Anthony "Jatti" Allen and Sonia "Marla" Allen.
They are most well known for their Top 20 single "The Future's So Bright, I Gotta Wear Shades".
It was included first in The Residents' Video Voodoo video collection, and later on the comprehensive Icky Flix DVD.
The Bandits were an English blues rock band from Liverpool.
It was formed in 1994 by Erick "Buddha" Medina & Rob Lind, drawing inspiration from the hardcore scene in Boston and New York.
The original quartet reunited in October 2003 and their final performance was on 31 January 2005.
Despite being more of the new wave/power pop genre, they did support Killing Joke and Joy Division at the ULU gig in London, 1980.
Riders in the Sky is an American Western music and comedy group which began performing in 1977.
It is somewhat famous for combining catchy melodies and solid, slightly progressive songwriting with Tommi Liimatta's eccentric lyrics.
This line-up issued four albums, feedtime, Shovel, Cooper-S and Suction, before disbanding in February 1989.
In 2003, the group split up, due to other projects and later their label, Solid State, released their best-of album, In Memoriam.
A song by song re-recording of Sade's masterpiece "Love Deluxe" in honor of its 20th anniversary.
Paatos is usually classified as progressive rock, albeit influenced by bands such as Portishead and Massive Attack.
They have collaborated with several vocalists outside of their band, including Shiina Ringo, Akira Kobayashi, Kyōko Koizumi, Schadaraparr, PUFFY, Yoshie Nakano and Tamio Okuda.
The record added electronic elements to their eclectic sound.
Darren Keen has gained notoriety for his commentary on indie fashion and scene icons such as Conor Oberst and Saddle Creek.
In April 2016, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
After signing to independent label Creation Records, they released their first single "Upside Down" in 1984.
The first inaugural album by Leteći Odred, titled "Među Zvijezdama" was released in late 1992.
Further success followed, including McDonald's appearance at Woodstock, but the group's lineup underwent changes until its disbandment in 1970.
In early September 2010, Trinity Roots announced they had re-formed and embarked on a tour of New Zealand.
Together, the Mo Thugs collective released four studio albums from 1995 to 2003.
As heavy-metal musicians they could play their instruments far better than any of their fellow competitors and their victory in the final was far from unanticipated.
Radiation may be prescribed by a radiation oncologist with intent to cure or for adjuvant therapy.
The group explains the meaning of its name as "the juxtaposition of purity and humanity's darkness".
During this time, the group more than doubled in size, added many instruments to the inventory, and began a partnership with Howard Community College.
World Leader Pretend was a five-person rock band from New Orleans, featuring Jessica Koo, Parker Hutchinson, Matt Martin, Arthur Mintz, and Alex Smith.
He is an expert in the Oidupaa style, a type of kargyraa unique to the singer Vladimir Oidupaa.
Danielson is an American rock band from Clarksboro in East Greenwich Township, New Jersey, Gloucester County, New Jersey, that plays indie pop gospel music.
The goal of the group is to promote environmental awareness.
Kasher fronts the group and plays the part of the singer/songwriter.
The members of the band have often been noted for their hedonistic lifestyles and the persona they maintained.
Linda McRae is a Canadian folk-roots-Americana musician.
The following year, Vaughn left the band to look after his wife, who had developed cancer, and was replaced by former Tall Stories vocalist Steve Augeri.
The band settled on Judybats as the final band name.....upon the insistence of new manager "SuperFrank".
During their career they performed in Australia and in London.
'Bombora' was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry in 2013.
Formed in 1989, the band has consistently included songwriting duo Linda Hopper as vocalist and Ruthie Morris on guitar.
Lunik started in 1997 with Adi Amstutz, Luk Zimmermann, Mats Marti, Walo Müller and Anton Höglhammer.
I got done, and I was walking back and said to Randy, 'Did I sing all the words?
The band takes its name from the New Order song "Love Vigilantes," although their sound tends more to folk, Americana, and country rock than new wave.
The band has featured members of Brujeria, Fear Factory, Sepultura, Sadistic Intent, Ministry, and Static-X.
Formed in 1980, the group is known for lyrics based on fantasy and mythology.
A Stimulus for Reason, was released February 19, 2008 through EMI Music Canada under the band's new name, Alpha Galates.
Gorgoroth is a Norwegian black metal band based in Bergen.
Stammers and Rendle left to join The Pack, who turned into Theatre of Hate, while Forbes left to join The Wall.
They were best remembered for their 1965 hit single "Lies".
Velvet Empire was a Canadian pop music group that was formed through the second edition of the Global TV show Popstars, entitled "Boy Meets Girl".
Devotchka in Nadsat means "girl", which is itself derived from the Russian word of the same meaning.
Their signature song, "The Loved One" reached number two on Australian singles charts, and was later covered by INXS.
Since 1999, the band has gained attention in Canada, following Nova Scotian singer Bruce Guthro's entry to the band.
A fourth album, entitled Skull, was released in the late spring of 2013 on Earache.
The original Buena Vista Social Club held dances and musical activities, becoming a popular location for musicians to meet and play during the 1940s.
1TYM was a four-member South Korean hip hop group.
After moving to London, the band released their second album Love in 1985, which charted at No.
Since then the band has toured the US and abroad many times over.
Other critics have noted that Menya's music frequently centers on overtly sexual themes.
The band reformed on September 29, 2008, but Nagao did not return.
The band gained recognition during the 1990s and received two Grammy Awards and multiple Dove Awards.
The b-side of "Naima" is "North to Next", a remix by Scientific American featuring prominent samples from the first two tracks of Life in a Bubble....
Their bold faith-based lyrics center around ideas directly lifted from the Bible and conservative morality.
In July 2007, 8 Bit Weapon was hired to perform at Commodore's 25th anniversary party for the Commodore 64 computer.
In 1999, a self-titled album was made with Thomas Persson on guitar.
All three of his sons, Angel, Celin and Pepe, had made their performing debuts by the time they were seven.
Hot Chip are an English indietronica band formed in London, in 2000.
Toy Dolls are an English punk rock band formed in 1979.
For most of the band's existence, the core band lineup has been Tunde Adebimpe, David Andrew Sitek, Kyp Malone and Jaleel Bunton as official members.
Highway 101 is an American country music band founded by Paulette Carlson, Jack Daniels, Curtis Stone and Scott "Cactus" Moser.
Steely Dan reunited in 1993 and has toured steadily ever since.
Afro Celt Sound System is a musical group who fuse electronic music with traditional Irish and West African music.
It formed in 1982 in Bellevue, Washington out of the local band the Mob.
They are best known for their song "After Party" released in December 2000.
That same year, Lesbians on Ecstasy was chosen as the “Album of the Year” by U.S. magazine The Advocate.
"The Wild Lazy Tour" included venues in Singapore and Hong Kong.
The Nextmen are a UK production/songwriting/DJ duo consisting of Dom Search and Brad Baloo.
The band went on to release the Just a Frisbee 7" EP later in 1983 and Point Me to the End 12" EP in 1984.
They are known for their 1969 recording of an EP featuring a song entitled "Color Him Father" on the A-side, and "Amen, Brother" on the B-side.
The leader of the band is singer Oleg Skrypka.
The band has been awarded seven gold and four platinum albums, and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995.
The Strawbs also toured with Supertramp in their "Crime of the Century" tour, doing their own "Hero and Heroine" tour, which drew musical similarities and themes.
The album was mixed by Brett Gurewitz of Bad Religion.
Something for Kate are an Australian alternative rock band, which formed in 1994 with Paul Dempsey on lead vocals and guitar, and Clint Hyndman on drums.
DMHO finished third on The Next Great American Band, a "battle of the bands" reality show that aired on Fox in late 2007.
This was the first time Denton and Goodman appeared in the same line-up.
Echobelly are a British rock band, debuting in 1994 with their album Everyone's Got One.
The band's sound paved way to various music genres, including industrial metal, grindcore and noise rock.
The band has continued to work, although they have had inactive periods, which include the band going on hiatus between albums.
Their second album achieved Top 40 status in Finland.
Their home church was Church of Christ The King, home of Stuart Townend and other prominent Christian figures.
In September 2002, Josh Joplin Group released its second major-label album, The Future That Was.
The duo's comedy and music became the basis of a BBC radio series and then an American television series that aired for two seasons on HBO.
The band was founded in 2003 by Annie Hardy who continues to be the band's sole singer and songwriter.
It also charted in United States and United Kingdom.
Emmerson's version of the band released the album The Source in 2016.
In recent years, the band has made a return to their roots rock origins.
It became number one on the DAC.
Due to conflicts over the release of Hello Echo, Maxeen severed its contract with Warner Bros. Records in early 2007.
In 1998 they released their first EP, called Wad, on their own Tie Entertainment label.
The initial line-up was Kay Byatt, Mark Edmondson, Wayne Preston, Punky Pete, and Olga Ashworth.
After a world tour, the group went on an extended hiatus.
The King Sisters were an American big band-era vocal group consisting of six sisters: Alyce, Donna, Luise, Marilyn, Maxine, and Yvonne King.
Since 2002 Escalante has released all of the band's albums through his Kung Fu Records label, with Fitzgerald generally producing.
With releases in the UK, Japan and France and touring the world with shows at Glastonbury Festival and Royal Albert Hall supporting Beverly Knight.
Elijah Warren's service in the Army's 5th Special Forces Group.
was the band's last studio album to feature Slash and McKagan.
Austin TV is an instrumental post-rock band formed in 2001 in Mexico City.
They are known as Tohoshinki in Japanese releases, and are sometimes referred to as DBSK, an abbreviation of their Korean name Dong Bang Shin Ki.
Pellow left the band to go solo on 28 July 2017.
The Long Beach Dub Allstars are a dub/ska/rock band formed in 1997 and disbanded in 2002, but reformed 10 years later.
The only Supershit 666 release was an eponymous 6-track EP on Inferno Records released in 1999.
1 spot for nine weeks on R&R Christian Hit Radio chart in 2006/2007.
Jerry Casale directed all nine of the videos.
The band, from Sacramento, California, United States, was recognizable for its horns and lead singer/guitarist Pat Upton's voice.
The For Carnation are a slowcore/post-rock band from Louisville, Kentucky who formed in 1994.
In 2013 King Kirk released his new Sporty Thievz compilation album mixtape called "Cinema, Beats & Brawdz".
The project features artists from France, and the U.S. performing poetry and music from the urban edge.
The band combines traditional Norwegian folk music and folklore with rock, progressive rock and metal.
Throughout the summer and fall of 1982 the newly formed band started rehearsing and playing shows in the region.
The entire group officially graduated from the Hello!
In October 2007, the Illinois Senate passed a resolution designating April 1 as Cheap Trick Day in the state.
The band released their debut album, The Stone Roses, in 1989.
Rowe and Forrester joined shortly after the release of their first album.
The group showed promise on the first album of rock radio friendly tunes, featuring Jeff Beck.
The Contours were one of the early African-American soul singing groups signed to Motown Records.
The band continued to develop stronger links with the electronic music world for their next single and album.
The style he developed from these sources is evident in Quicksilver Messenger Service's swing rhythms and twanging guitar sounds.
June of 44 were a collective from 1994 to 2000.
They are referred to as a side project of Shawn Crahan, a member/founder of metal band Slipknot.
Government Issue was an American hardcore punk band from Washington, D.C. active from 1980 to 1989.
The single "The Barnyard Song" received a smattering of airplay on WNEW-FM and the band had a national television appearance on The Mike Douglas Show.
They were the first Faroese rap-band and the first band to sing rap in Faroese.
Spock's Beard is an American progressive rock band formed in Los Angeles.
In 2001, they were signed to a recording contract with Palm Pictures, that released their first album "Tijuana Session Volume 1" under the name Nortec Collective.
Nevertheless, it became one of their number-one singles on the Romanian Top 100.
At various stages, the band had up to seven members, but their most known incarnation was as a trio between 1982 and 1986.
Drummer Chris Yeoman was killed and Jon Roberts was left with a shattered pelvis.
Los Mockers were a popular 1960s rock band in Latin America that was part of the Uruguayan Invasion.
79 episodes of Comet San were produced during 1967 and 1968 by TBS.
Willie Williams also contributed to three albums: Annunciation, Primitive Streak and Live at Last as a second guitarist.
The band is currently located in Winnipeg, Manitoba and completed by bassist Todd Kowalski and guitarist Sulynn Hago.
The band's name alludes to the Ancient Greek goddess of magic and necromancy, Hecate.
The Buckinghams are an American Sunshine pop band from Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Los Tres recorded nine albums during their first period, from 1989 until 2000, starting with Los Tres: a jazz/folk/rock blending, in 1991.
However, starting with Welcome to Wherever You Are, in 1992, they achieved less success in the United States.
The James Taylor Quartet are a British four-piece jazz funk band, who have become renowned for their live performances.
In 2005, the full length CD Every Corner of the Room was released on Orcaphat Records.
4Him was a Contemporary Christian group founded in 1990 in Alabama, US.
They only released one mainstream album, however the band acquired a cult following on the strength of several underground 7-inch EPs and compilation appearances.
The band reunited in 2006, and two years later, they released their fourth album Into the Sun, followed by an extensive tour.
JJ sang on their 2001 full-length album Live Fast, Die Young.
Mastedon signed with Italian label Frontiers Records in 2009 and release Mastedon 3.
The group consists of Robert Curry, Brian Angel, Willie Taylor, Qwanell Mosley and Michael McCluney.
The band uses electric guitars, 12-string acoustic guitars, Moog and other synthesizers.
Sacred Reich is an American thrash metal band based in Phoenix, Arizona, that was formed in 1985.
Returning from touring the United States in the autumn of 2000, the group stepped into the studio for the third time.
Their second full-length, Skeleton, was released in 2005 on Danish label Morningside Records and German label Pop-U-Loud, and on US label The Control Group in 2006.
Scaterd Few was a Christian punk band originating from Burbank, California.
The group charted two Top 40 hits, "Red Rubber Ball," and "Turn-Down Day".
In particular it was used to absorb 137Cs+ from those poisoned in the Goiânia accident.
Their innovative approach to heavy-sounding blues and rhythm and blues was a major influence on popular music.
Clann An Drumma is a tribal band from Glasgow, Scotland.
The band released its only album, the self-titled Temple of the Dog, in April 1991 through A&M Records.
They released a self-titled album in 2008 on Suretone Records.
Da Buzz "came back" in 2010 with brand new single "U Gotta Dance" on 7 June.
Shortly after the release of the album, they announced their separation.
The band disbanded acrimoniously in 1993, but reunited in 2004.
Rusted Root is an American band formed in 1990 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
On 1 June 2008, The Blood released an acoustic CD album punk@theopera.
They use comically accented and mangled English.
They have released ten studio albums, two compilation albums, six EPs, and twenty-seven singles to date.
Andersson created the band that summer, when he felt that his previous project - Majestic - had come to a dead end.
The Naked Trucker and T-Bones Show was picked up by the Comedy Central channel for eight episodes.
Chicosci is a 5-piece Filipino rock band based in Manila.
After the demise of Weltmacht in 2002, Lord Imperial went on to form N.I.L.
Tamala had previously been in the bands Oiler and Fleabag.
The Exponents is a New Zealand rock group led by vocalist and songwriter Jordan Luck.
In 2003, Darla Van Winkle joined the band, followed shortly by the return of former member Fox Fletcher in 2004.
The band formed in 1990, playing under a variety of different names including Enraptured and Requiem until 1994, when they officially settled on Epoch of Unlight.
With Hagar, the group would release four U.S. number-one albums over the course of 11 years.
Seventh Day Slumber is a Christian rock band from Dallas, Texas formed in 1996.
Collectively, they ably demonstrate that they have a finger on the pulse of the nation’s psyche.
Muldoon had made the remarks in the context of refusing to lift a 40% tax on sales of music.
The band featured singer Corky Gunn and guitarists Adrian Vance and Scarlet Rowe.
Tananas combined jazz, Mozambican salsa and township jive.
Eugene Kelly had formerly played in The Famous Monsters.
Formed in 1992, the original band was of eight members, and has practiced weekly in a space in Harlem since.
Zita Swoon is a Belgian indie rock group.
He currently operates the music label and merchandising company Luckyhorse Industries.
The band is named after a song of the same name on the Melvins' 1991 album Bullhead.
Eso-Charis, originally called Elliot, was a Christian Mathcore band formed in Fort Smith, Arkansas.
Ice Cube and Dr. Dre later became members of gangsta rap pioneer group N.W.A.
British blues pioneer John Mayall found several musicians for his band among former members of Canned Heat.
Astrofaes have employed Saturious and Munruthel, both involved in Lucifugum and Nokturnal Mortum, for keyboards and drums, respectively.
Among the styles they play are Saya, tuntuna, huayno, and carnavales.
The band was formed in the spring of 1965 by brothers Bill, Bob, and Barry Cowsill; they shortly thereafter added their brother John.
The group comprised singers Cheryl Cole, Nadine Coyle, Sarah Harding, Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh.
Bijelo Dugme was a Yugoslav rock band, based in Sarajevo.
Amaran was a Swedish power metal band.
While heavily associated with IDM, Booth and Brown are ambivalent about relating their sound to established genres.
And it takes in and embraces the feminine side of divinity, pluralistic in its acceptance of the wider pantheon of paganism."
The album met with little success and only reached No.
In addition to Philippe, his survivors are his widow Kate and his daughter Pascale.
Attila Csihar and Morten Iversen have since replaced Kristiansen and Eriksen, respectively.
The band played many shows around the southern Ontario area.
They used a variety of unusual noise-making objects, including power tools, drills, and heavy machinery.
Mintz founded the band hHead with Brendan Canning in the 1990s.
Rolling Stone Magazine described them as "innovative, precise yet sensual, calculated yet galvanizing" and declared that the band "changed the sound of black pop".
Many of their songs are classic anthems of the Argentine nightlife, such as Corazón, Loco, Entregá el Marrón, La Guitarra and El Murguero.
Critics often cite similarities between them and The Blue Hearts, an immensely popular punk band with a very similar style of music.
After a number of years including banjo and mandolin players in the club, it reverted to simply a vocal group by the mid-1920s.
However, in recent years, the group have begun to selectively incorporate Western instruments, such as the guitar.
The Boomtown Rats broke up in 1986, but reformed in 2013, without Johnnie Fingers or Gerry Cott.
The band is an acoustic trio, originally comprising Paul McDermott and Tim Ferguson on main vocals and Richard Fidler on guitar and backing vocals.
In April 2008, 50 Cent revealed Young Buck was no longer a part of the group due to his "excessive spending" and "inconsistent behavior".
The band attracted attention with their aggressive combination of improvised jazz, frirock and noise blowouts.
The group became one of the few UK reality television acts to achieve continued success, amassing a fortune of £30 million by May 2010.
They released two full-length albums; Generation Sap in 1999, produced by Sylvia Massy and Crave in 2002.
The group reformed briefly in 2009 for two shows.
The albums sound rather different from each other.
Asphyx is a Dutch death metal band that was formed in Overijssel, Netherlands in 1987.
Cello: Peter Wiley, then changed to Guarneri Quartet), Antonio Meneses
As of 2006, Laws had been working with a drum and bass group called Blackout DnB.
The Jon Tiven Group made two albums in the 1990s: Blue Guru and Yes I Ram.
The two latest albums were both released in late 2005, titled "Witam Was w Rzeczywistości" and "Życie Na Kredycie".
After breaking up in 1999, Psychic TV reformed as PTV3 with a new line-up in 2003.
Building 429 is a Christian rock band signed to Essential Records.
Since their formation, the band has released eight full-length studio albums, four EPs, two live EPs, one live album, and one demo album.
The latter four albums have all peaked into the top 20 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
When Joe left the band in 2005, Geno Lenardo subbed-in as the bassist until he was replaced by Pete and Sam's brother-in-law, Dean Bernardini.
For example, Kirk Hammett has publicly remarked point-blank that "I think it's cool" and "it's just fun for me".
The Fatima Mansions were an art rock group formed in 1988 by Cork singer/keyboardist Cathal Coughlan, formerly of Microdisney.
Subsequent releases beagan charting on the Bliboard Top 200.
In 2006 they returned to the top of the Official UK Dance Chart with a set of remixes of their biggest UK hit "Anthem".
The band's current touring lineup includes Stephen Haas, as well as Mondo Generator rhythm section Nick Oliveri and Hoss Wright.
The album Rückkehr zum Eisplaneten was released in 2000.
New Bad Things were a Portland, Oregon indie rock band active during the 1990s.
They used to be managed by Garry Bushell, and their song "Such Fun" was on the Oi!
The group is well known for its diverse musical style and also its captivating live performances.
Patricia Marx: The only girl in the band.
Their music had high rotation on national youth radio, Triple J.
Monkey Swallows the Universe were an acoustic/indie band from Sheffield, England.
Hindu Love Gods was an American rock band that was, in essence, an occasional side project of members of R.E.M., with Warren Zevon and Bryan Cook.
The band recently performed a 5-hour long "Naruto Tribute" broadcast from a popular Kyoto radio station.
Shortly after the release of the band's second album in 1999, Blue, with the same line-up, Cadogan was released from the band under controversial circumstances.
In 2000 the group reformed with three of the original members, and continue to release new material and perform in concert.
In 1979 they were Fred Frith's backing band on his solo album, Gravity.
The band consisted of guitarist/vocalist Terry Sharpe, guitarist/vocalist Paul Bowen, bassist Sean Martin and drummer Liam L'Estrange.
Following another drummer change replacing Travis Wilson with former Zero Hour drummer Austin Tevis, the band released their four full-length album "Bombs Away, Baby!"
Hedley is a Canadian pop-rock group originating in Abbotsford, British Columbia that formed in 2003.
The band is considered a notable part of the Italian rock genre and one of the more "out there" bands during its active tenure.
Tommy Tutone is a power pop band, best known for its 1981 hit "867-5309/Jenny", which peaked at No.
The band's mascot, Vic Rattlehead, regularly appears on album artwork and, since 2010, in live shows.
In 2009, Airscape was revived by Johan Gielen.
Prior to the group's formation, Stacy Jones was well known for being a drummer in the successful alternative rock bands Veruca Salt and Letters to Cleo.
The Gimmes work exclusively as a cover band.
They originally formed in San Francisco, California in 1980 before relocating to Aberdeen, Washington the following year and briefly using the name Shrapnel.
Over the years, the band eventually shifted their style and slowly began to incorporate more riffs and pre-written lyrics into their songs.
Sektor Gaza was a Russian punk rock band formed on 5 December 1987 in the city of Voronezh, Russia.
Pendulum originally formed in the city of Perth, Western Australia by Rob Swire, Gareth McGrillen, and Paul "El Hornet" Harding.
For the EastEnders characters, see Phil Mitchell and Grant Mitchell.
The duo split in late 1969 after limited success and a national tour.
The Herbaliser's album Same As It Never Was was their first release on !K7 Records.
The Animals are an English rhythm and blues and rock band, formed in Newcastle upon Tyne in the early 1960s.
The band members are Olli Dittrich as Ringofire, Jon Flemming Olsen as The Flame, Markus Schmidt as Fastfinger, Uwe Frenzel as Friendly and Australian Jane Comerford.
Sullivan has been the only continuous member of the band, which has seen numerous line-up changes in its 35-year history.
Nokturnl is a band formed in 1996 in Alice Springs, Northern Territory, Australia.
After a five year hiatus, the band reformed in 2010 and began work on a follow-up EP, Fire and Ice.
After disbanding in 1998, the group reunited as a mainstream act in 2009 and released their third full-length album entitled Imperium the following year.
Nass El Ghiwane are a musical group established in 1971 in Casablanca, Morocco.
Davis formed a solo project called Title Tracks.
Holopaw is an American indie band from Gainesville, Florida.
They favoured absurd lyrics and strange titles, such as "The Queen Gives Good Blow Jobs".
In 2007, Monster Tunes released Most Wanted, a three-disc compilation and CD mix of NU NRG's past productions.
On Saturday, July 3, 2004, Strange Boutique celebrated a brief reunion in Washington, D.C.
They played Ozzfest in 1999 and split up in 2004.
MC-Hár is a rock´n´rap act from the Faroe Islands.
PMMP played their final concert on October 27, 2013 in the sold-out Helsinki Ice Hall.
In 2009, the group received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
They list Nine Inch Nails, Marilyn Manson and Skinny Puppy as influences.
They have worked with producer Nigel Godrich and cover artist Stanley Donwood since 1994.
Their 1996 album, Home Run, peaked at #68 in the UK Albums Chart.
The name comes from Old Norse and means "By the Might of the Æsir" or "By the Might of the Gods".
The group gained prominence for its 2001 single, "Rapture", which reached number two on the UK Singles Chart and the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart.
From 1998-2006, the band annually held the Family Reunion on Memorial Weekend, and they frequently hold a Wu Years Eve event on December 31.
"If I Could" followed in November 2005, and on December 3, 2005, Tatana released her Greatest Hits album.
He left the Concertgebouw Orchestra to take up a conducting post with the Scottish Orchestra in Glasgow.
Shangri La was the group's second and last album.
Founded in 1924, it was considered by Rex Stewart to be the best dance band of its day and the "first original white swing band."
The Kominas are a punk-rock band formed in 2005 by two Pakistani-Americans from Worcester, Massachusetts.
They have released five albums to date.
The group's debut album Right Now was released in October 2000 and peaked at number 39 in the UK.
They have been signed onto Sony Music Japan since 2008.
They have also been sought after as remixers and House DJs.
Their second album, Contact, was released in April 2007.
The Suicide Machines are an American punk rock band formed in March 1991 in Detroit, Michigan and disbanded in May 2006.
However, it is considered to be one of the most notable and influential German bands of the period.
In 2013 the group celebrated the 50th Anniversary of their first album, Bombora and the eponymous single that was their first to chart.
Doramaar was a band from New Zealand.
Porcupine Tree's early sound evoked a style of psychedelic rock comparable to that of progressive rock band Pink Floyd.
The album was placed first in a list of the "Greatest Albums You've Never Heard" by the NME in 2010.
A third band, named Tirade, spun off from Mephiskapheles and featured McKinney, Jeselsohn, and future Joan Jett drummer Michael McDermott, performing more heavy-metal-based material.
The band played a reunion show at the House of Blues in Anaheim on November 9, 2002.
They have experimented with many styles in the past and seem to pay particular attention to instrumentation and arrangements and production values.
Orphaned Land is an Israeli heavy metal band, formed in 1991 under the name Resurrection, that combines Jewish, Arabic, and other West Asian influences.
The Clark Sisters were honored at the 2016 Essence Music Festival.
This album produced their first two No.
Over a ten-year period, 12 of its singles made an entry to the UK Singles Chart.
In 1974, Ted Turner left the band, and was replaced by Laurie Wisefield.
The band debuted with the album Volume One in 1966 on the small FiFo record label.
They have released 14 studio albums, two live albums, one EP, and 54 singles.
Despite the similarities in the names, "Southern Death Cult" were distinct from "Death Cult"/"the Cult".
They gained mainstream popularity after their fourth studio album four, released in 1994.
Nokturnl won "Band of the Year" at The Deadlys in 1998, 2000 and 2003.
The band is also famous for their 2010 album Música de Brinquedo, which was written using only toy instruments.
The "loose-knit collective" found itself with a growing following.
The project has been associated with a movement of psychedelic folk influenced Finnish artists which emerged in the mid-2000s.
On 22 November 2016, the band announced that Gill had died.
Fronted by singer, songwriter and guitarist Lee Mavers, the group are best known for their hit single "There She Goes".
Super Show!, a live-action musical action-comedy television series which aired on American cable channel The Hub.
Their third and final album, Sun Machine, was released in 1993 on Cargo Records.
It produced two minor country chart singles before the group left the label.
Rory Lewarne now sings with White Witches, a London/Paris/Sheffield-based four-piece who describe their sound as a "dark, aggressive, poisoned, cultlike version of glam rock".
From an evolutionary viewpoint the beard is a part of the broader category of androgenic hair.
The duo broke up after a feud between Royce and the members of Eminem's group D12.
The group was founded in 1948, and reached its peak popularity in the mid-1950s.
Dalimas was a Brazilian electronic dance music group.
Lordi has toured around the world actively since 2002.
New song "Kid Who Stays in the Picture" was premiered the same day.
Afterwards, the band continued under the same name, recruiting suitable replacements in time for their eponymous 2003 album.
Bassist Nate Mendel, who chose to remain with Foo Fighters during the previous reunion in 1997, took part in this reunion.
The name was taken from a Syd Barrett song.
Haste the Day is an American metalcore band formed in Carmel, Indiana in 2001 and signed to Solid State Records.
The band initially polarized audiences within the hardcore punk scene of California's Inland Empire before finding wider acceptance and, eventually, an international audience.
They went on to perform in the successful 14-date Big Reunion arena tour in May 2013.
TNMK performed at many festivals as: Sziget Fest, Zakhid, Tavria Games, Chervona Ruta, Faine Misto and Bandershtat.
Finiflex continues to produce high-end sound recordings for television, radio, sound design and advertising.
19 Wheels' claim to fame came when their track, "Reactor" was featured on Ford's website for the new 2010 Ford Fusion.
The film, based on a true story, concerns a kidnapped child, and "poses ancient questions regarding home and heart".
Jumping on tours with such bands as The Mentors, Nashville Pussy, Gas Huffer, Dayglo Abortions, D.R.I.
Silly Wizard was a Scottish folk band that began forming in Edinburgh in 1970.
Alpha Galates, formerly The Hollow, is a Canadian progressive metal band that originated in Medicine Hat, Alberta and is now based in Toronto, Ontario.
is a Romanian hip hop group, founded in 1993 in Bucharest.
His first full CD, I Don't Know What I'm Doing, was released both through Magnatune and a limited "professional" printing from his own website.
They worked steadily through the 1930s deputizing for the Duke Ellington and Cab Calloway Orchestras; often taking their undesirable engagements.
Since then, Kayo Dot's lineup has drastically changed over the years.
Other TV appearances over the following year included ITV’s Night Network and Juke Box Jury hosted by Jools Holland.
Peter Stephenson joined shortly after to take over on keyboards from Angus.
With the money afforded them by an Atlantic Records spec deal, the band recorded their first E.P.
which was released in 1991, charted in the UK top 20 in 1991 and again in 2003.
Afrirampo has toured with Sonic Youth and Lightning Bolt, played with Yoko Ono collaborated with Acid Mothers Temple and released several CDs on various labels.
Kenney Jones replaced Moon and the group resumed activity, releasing a film adaptation of Quadrophenia and the retrospective documentary The Kids Are Alright.
Stage Dolls is a Norwegian hard rock band based in Trondheim, Norway.
Bedford left after making formative contributions to the band and did not feature again, although Woodgate stayed for most of the band's career.
The group was made up of Rodney "Smilez" Bailey and Rob "Southstar" Campman.
In March 2012, they premiered their own television series, Mary Mary, on WE tv.
The band's most recent album, "Almanac," found the band releasing a new song each month throughout 2009 as a musical snapshot of that year.
Breakestra covered The Mohawks' "Champ" in 2005 on the in-game soundtrack for Tony Hawk's American Wasteland.
The relationship between the group and Geffen faltered during the making of their album, Sweat It Out.
In the early American colonies the trainband was the most basic tactical unit.
Warp 11 was interviewed in the Paramount Pictures documentary Trekkies 2.
They became best known for their radio hit "Bound for the Floor", a single from the 1996 album As Good as Dead which peaked at No.
The band signed with TVT Records in 2001 and are now represented by The Orchard  after their buyout of TVT's music catalog.
Their single Operator was released on 1 June 2007.
A studio album, 2008's Inherit, on Thurston Moore's Ecstatic Peace label, is the group's most recently available.
The band was a mainly instrumental quartet that created music with elements of post-rock, electronic, glitch, and experimental sounds.
Gorham later continued with a new line-up including Downey.
The band was formed by vocalist Johan Lindstrand after the breakup of The Crown.
Despite its prominence in thrash metal, frequent disputes between its members and substance abuse issues brought Megadeth negative publicity during this period.
Graeme Humphreys is now better known in New Zealand for his role as a radio talkback host.
TM Network is a Japanese pop/rock musical band.
The band has cited Beat as a defining album, where the band found their own unique sound.
Since June 2015, it has consisted of guitarist Steve Howe, drummer Alan White, keyboardist Geoff Downes, singer Jon Davison, and bassist Billy Sherwood.
Dancing Bear, and Terry Godbey are among the many writers whose work has appeared in the pages of Slipstream magazine.
Stereolab often incorporates socio-political themes into their lyrics.
Their second single, "Eddie's Song", reached No.
Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards was an American street punk band formed to release the songs that Lars had written.
The Marvelettes was an American girl group that achieved popularity in the early- to mid-1960s.
Kurupt started Antra Records, while Daz and Soopafly started D.P.G.
Upheaval within the band occurred from 1983 onwards.
Sky Cries Mary is an American musical group from Seattle, Washington, that formed in the late 1980s.
At the end of the thirteenth episode of season three, titled "The Pot Stirrer", the song "Insomnia" is prominently featured in the closing sequence.
Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 are a horror punk band from North Carolina.
They also blend into their music elements of progressive rock.
Their name comes from the song "Blood Duster" by John Zorn, from the 1989 album Naked City.
It is part of Kajiura’s solo project FictionJunction.
On February 13, 2007, the band announced that they had left Virgin Records, and on April 30, 2007, that they were to split up.
Psapp are known for their humour on stage, throwing toy cats into the audience.
In 2016, their single "Das Geschenk" debuted at number 1 in Austria, and also reached number 15 in Germany and number 58 in Switzerland.
The original members were Richard Fielding and Andrew Wright, who were soon joined by Tom Ellard.
Though the album's recording and production were short, the album was not released until a year later in February 1994.
Lemonhead, JeLana LaFleur and Adam Martin who produced the 1996 hit "C'mon N' Ride It", a rap-remix of Barry White's 1974 "Theme from Together Brothers".
They released their debut album on 24 October 2006, via Geffen Records.
Lacking the time to dedicate himself to the group because of his solo projects, Jóhann Jóhannsson left the band in 2012.
One example of her admixture of themes may be found in the closing lines of "Happytown," the first track from the album, Tanglewood Tree:
If this is the world we helped create, then I apologize."
They also hold the world record for the longest heavy metal concert after playing for 5 hours and 1 minute in Bulgaria in 2008.
S.P.O.C.K is a Swedish synthpop-band which formed around 1988.
Rubella Ballet is a gothic anarcho-punk band formed in Summer 1979, who released several albums before splitting up in 1991.
Xentrix are an English thrash metal band from Preston, Lancashire.
In June 2014, Mike D confirmed that he and Ad-Rock would not continue the Beastie Boys, out of respect to MCA.
Cake was formed in 1991 by McCrea, DiFiore, Greg Brown, Frank French and Shon Meckfessel, who soon left and was replaced by Nelson.
The end of the year found bassist Brad Allen stepping in to replace Mars Davlan, completing the quintet of Sharp, Garcia, Whitney, and guitarist Steve Miloszweki.
The group was moderately successful, releasing five singles and a self-titled album, before disbanding in 2000.
Almost all songs on the Project's albums are credited to "Woolfson/Parsons."
Produced by the duo, the album was recorded in Grammer's kitchen.
The band released its latest album, Varshons, in June 2009.
The group features cartoonist Lauren Weinstein on lead vocals with Patrick Hambrecht, the band songwriter.
Shakra is a Swiss hard rock band founded in the late 1990s.
Their angry brand of music juxtaposed yelled, sometimes ranting vocals with distorted and often chorus laden chords, complex bass lines and fast-paced percussion.
The band favored limited releases, offering only small pressings of their original albums.
Los Prisioneros created a simple Punk sound with a mix of Nueva ola, Techno, Synthpop, and Reggae.
The duo's boom came with the album Carossel da Esperança and the hit single "É de Chocolate".
After releasing their debut full-length album, Red Rover in 2006, and embarking on a cross-country tour with Hoobastank, the band broke up.
Schwartzeneggar was a band formed by ex-Crass vocalist Steve Ignorant, Thatcher On Acid members, Ben Corrigan, Andi Tuck, Bob Butler, and former Conflict member Mark Pickstone.
Carbon Leaf is a quintet from Richmond, Virginia, United States, known for their alt-country, Celtic, and folk-infused Indie Rock.
Phallucy was a rock/alternative metal band from Sacramento, California.
Slowdown Virginia was an indie rock band from Omaha, Nebraska.
Afro-dite came together to sing the song "Never let it go" for the Eurovision Song Contest 2002.
Robbers on High Street are an American rock band from Brooklyn, New York.
Mind Funk were an American rock band containing members of Chemical Waste and several other bands.
The band refers to their CDs as "soundtracks for the imagination" or "soundtracks to imaginary films."
Mike and Ben have also formed the band Able Baker Fox with former drummer Jeff Gensterblum and Nathan Ellis from the Casket Lottery.
The band has sold over 4 million records.
Through its existence, the band has had many members, with the only consistent bandmate of Corea's being bassist Stanley Clarke.
Hipsway were a Scottish pop/new wave band.
Meeky Rosie had their singles played on BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 6.
In mathematics, a matrix group is a group G consisting of invertible matrices over a specified field K, with the operation of matrix multiplication.
Led by Stuart Murdoch, the band has released 9 albums to date.
Kathleen Aerts left the group in 2009.
It was the first band with whom singer and guitarist Midge Ure began to experience musical success, before joining new wave band Ultravox.
The band was co-founded by lead singer and rhythm guitarist Mark Wilkerson, with a final lineup of Sean Kipe, Jackson Eppley and Shane Lenzen O'Connell.
Rollerskate Skinny were an Irish band that enjoyed their greatest success during the 1990s.
Under this lineup, Pirates of the Mississippi made its debut in 1990 with a cover of Hank Williams' "Honky Tonk Blues".
Their notable singles include "Go Daddy-O", "You & Me & the Bottle Makes 3 Tonight", and "Mr. Pinstripe Suit".
The band were named Best British Newcomer at the 1988 Brit Awards.
According to Serpa, the album was "named after a long dismantled amusement park where I spent many great days when I was child."
Boogie Down Productions was a hip hop group, originally composed of KRS-One, D-Nice, and DJ Scott La Rock.
The Lennon Sisters were 2001 inductees of the Vocal Group Hall of Fame.
Porno for Pyros was an American alternative rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1992, following the break-up of Jane's Addiction.
98 Degrees is an American pop and Contemporary boy band consisting of four vocalists: brothers Nick and Drew Lachey, Justin Jeffre, and Jeff Timmons.
Ultraspank was an American metal band in the late 1990s and early 2000s.
The band was formed around the year 1986 by Cucho and Nito, who invited Gastón to join them.
It was recorded in Vega Studios and produced by Pascal Humbert and Bruno Green.
The E Street Band is an American rock band, and has been musician Bruce Springsteen's primary backing band since 1972.
The Field Mice were an English indie rock band on the independent record label Sarah Records.
Three further singles were released, namely "Another Man", "Writing on the Wall" and "Nearly There", but while promotion was still underway, the band had already split.
Self Against City is a pop rock band from Sacramento, California best known for their single "The Process."
Two of the Rosenbergs, Nous'che and Nonnie, are sons of Sani Rosenberg, a musician in the Dutch Gypsy community.
During the course of their career, they were hailed by both Radiohead and Oasis.
The dance calls were by Cookie Brown.
Most became the group's record producer, controlling the band's output.
Their ninth studio album, "Schall & Wahn", was released in January 2010 and became their first number-one record.
On November 30, 2015, McMahon announced that he will reunite Jack's Mannequin for a tenth-anniversary tour of Everything In Transit.
Their third album, Blue Sky Noise, was released via Atlantic Records in 2010, to critical acclaim.
The VM earned a composite 96.8% score from the 15-member panel of judges and took home their first gold medal since 2006, their twelfth overall.
They are mainly remembered for their million-selling chart-topper, "Baby, Come Back".
Worrell also appeared with Bitz and Jeselsohn in the band Burn Guitars.
Anaal Nathrakh are a British extreme metal band formed in 1998 in Birmingham.
Baritone Alan Gordon became a member of SPEBSQSA when he was 10 years old.
In March 2014, Miitri Aaltonen, who had been playing guitar at Kotiteollisuus's gigs for years, was named an official member of the band.
By 1992, the band had already dissolved.
Wired are an Alternative Rock Band, based in Telford, United Kingdom formed in 1995 by founder members Glenn Symington and Kevin Crichton.
Bonniwell reassembled the group under the name The Bonniwell Music Machine.
Quad City DJ's is an American music group consisting of Jay Ski, C.C.
Rachel Stamp are an English rock band formed in London in 1994.
Magneta Lane are a Canadian indie rock music group formed in 2003 in Toronto.
The band went on hiatus in early 2000, and later reformed in 2009.
The two-disc set Dual Hawks was released in 2008, with one disc featuring the songs of Centro-matic and the other featuring South San Gabriel.
My Dad Says, The Ren & Stimpy Show, Mad TV, and a six-episode arc on Six Feet Under.
"Urban Tumbleweed" which features rapper Barron Ricks of Cypress Hill on vocals, was featured in the video game Amplitude for PlayStation 2.
The group produced three albums before disbanding in 1997.
Born as a symphonic metal band with gothic tendencies, later Epica have incorporated into their sound strong death metal influences.
The band retired after a farewell concert on Halloween 1995, for which they reverted to their earlier style and to the name Oingo Boingo.
Their sound blends many different styles, and is especially complex for a three-piece band.
Originally, the band went by "Tony, Toni, Toné" as a joke, until they realized it had a nice ring to it.
Ane and STR recorded their first album, Grim-Stroke-Disease together, releasing it on the Machinery/Noise label in 1990.
In-Tape also released a radio promo copy of "Over Again" in 1989.
Christina Stürmer is an Austrian pop/rock singer.
Sometimes their style is dubbed as "Savo metal".
The song used is "Suffer my Disbelief" and is found on the Flesh Power Dominion album.
Their music consists of elements of Symphonic metal, Neue Deutsche Härte and Cantastoria.
Though The Swing brought more success from around the world, its single "Original Sin" was even greater commercially, becoming their first number-one single.
The band has occasionally gone into hiatus while individual members work on solo and other projects, and did so again between 2008 and 2013.
The Seldon Plan is a post-rock pop band from Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
This Band included members of other local bands such as Chevy Heston, Heretix, and The Shods.
The band went on an indefinite hiatus in 2014 when Lambesis was incarcerated and sentenced to six years in prison for soliciting murder.
Coincidentally, just as this announcement was to be made, Hampton trumped the press release by citing his own health reasons for leaving the band.
Their debut album, Simple Things, was released in 2001.
Their style was described as being "folktronica", a blend of folk, Scottish, electronic, rock, trip hop, and experimental jamming.
The first single from the album, "Help", topped the Billboard Mainstream Rock Songs chart in April 2017.
These groups often have claimed to be "2nd generation" or "3rd generation" Ink Spots.
Rank 1 is a Dutch trance group, formed in the Netherlands in 1997.
They also made two live concert videos and one film, The Edinburgh Years.
Fleurety is a Norwegian avant-garde metal band.
They had been inspired by the Sex Pistols' second gig in the Lesser Free Trade Hall and the bands Magazine and Hawkwind.
magazine in the 19 February 2005 issue.
The album has surfaced on the Internet in bootleg form.
The Stills were a Canadian rock band from Montreal, Quebec, formed in 2000 and disbanded in 2011.
However, he heard Olivier Abbeloos working on the track "Anasthasia", and suggested that Abbeloos release it as T99.
In Canada, it reached number six and is ranked as the 63rd biggest hit of the year.
As of 2009, Tanpopo has been revived as Tanpopo#, their latest activity being in 2011 as a three-member unit following Eri Kamei's graduation in 2010.
In July 2008, The God Awfuls released 3 new songs on a demo.
Excuse 17 was a punk rock band from Olympia, Washington, USA, that performed and recorded from 1993 to 1995.
Kevin Mitchell continued solo work under his pseudonym, Bob Evans.
Power of Dreams are a Dublin, Ireland based pop/rock band, built around the vocals and songwriting of Craig Walker.
Their biggest success was with the McMaster penned song "Airport", a number 4 UK hit single in 1978.
Mao, vocalist of the band, is also a history teacher with a Doctorate in History.
Their second album Season of Poison was released in 2008 and featured two singles that peaked inside the top 30 in the Alternative Songs Chart.
The band was featured in a documentary about the founder of Sympathy for the Record Industry entitled "The Treasures of Long Gone John".
98 on its "The Immortals – 100 The Greatest Artists of All Time" list.
In 1996, the band distributed a five song demotape, and in April 1997 released an EP entitled Amusing the Amazing through the record label Malicious Vinyl.
The band's name is sometimes abbreviated as D.A.I., alluding to the fact that Do As Infinity was named after Dai Nagao.
Then they found Robin from the Short Bus Window Lickers as their new guitarist.
Haciendo Punto’s repertoire has been sung by generations and it has become part of the Puerto Rican folklore.
The band consisted of Kim Pieters, Peter Stapleton, Roy Montgomery, and Janine Stagg.
The third album Weather was a huge success in Switzerland, with an acoustic approach from Jaël, Luk, and Mats replacing the electronica of the earlier albums.
Skydiggers are a Canadian roots rock band from Toronto.
The first solo Concord Dawn EP entitled The Race to Zero EP was released in 2011.
The Chorus has appeared on several television broadcasts including the 85th Academy Awards, Access Hollywood, Will & Grace, $#*!
The Righteous Brothers is an American musical duo of Bill Medley and Bobby Hatfield.
In the 1980s and 1990s, Jackson and Love worked extensively with the blues outfit, The Robert Cray Band.
In 2007, they won "Best Urban Album" for their remix album, The Hard Road: Restrung.
Astroburger is a Norwegian rock band founded by Geir Stadheim, Helge Waaler and R. C. Thrap-Meyer in 1987.
So the concept was one of bombing the bass line with different ideas, with a collage of sounds.
Crack the Sky is an American progressive rock band formed in Weirton, West Virginia in the early 1970s.
Early lyrical topics such as conflict and paranoia later expanded into philosophical and social commentary.
The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.
Former and current bands associated with Hot One include Shudder to Think, Guided by Voices and The Dambuilders.
In late 2013, Peelander Green left the band and has since been replaced by several temporary members, including Becoming the Archetype drummer Chris Heaton.
Jane's Addiction launched with a live self-titled debut album in 1987 and quickly caught the attention of Warner Bros. Records.
DB Boulevard is a pop and dance music group formed in Padua, Italy.
Ellegarden was a Japanese punk rock band formed in December 1998 in Chiba.
The JudyBats played locally to large audiences before signing to Sire Records in 1990.
Zwan was an American alternative rock band that was formed by members of The Smashing Pumpkins, Slint, Tortoise, Chavez, and A Perfect Circle.
The Atban Klann were signed to Eazy-E's Ruthless Records.
In 1991, the band became a trio with Karl Vincent on drums and Daniel Nilssen on guitar, and made the demo Darkest Rituals.
Former Sense Field vocalist Jon Bunch joined Further Seems Forever for Hide Nothing.
The Paul Winter Consort is an American musical group, led by soprano saxophonist Paul Winter.
In 2001, the group earned the Record of the Year award.
The Beach Boys are one of the most critically acclaimed, commercially successful, and widely influential bands of all time.
They released six albums before singer Stuart A.
The Disposable Heroes played many concerts, sometimes opening the bill for more well-known acts such as U2, Rage Against the Machine, Nirvana and Arrested Development.
After several early line-up changes, the band solidified into a five-piece, consisting of Bixler, Rodríguez, Jim Ward, Hinojos and Hajjar.
According to Viitakemies, former guitarist of the band, their greatest influences musically are death metal, traditional heavy metal, and traditional folk music.
The project can be divided into three periods of activity.
Their popular albums are The Honeymoon Is Over, Three Legged Dog and Over Easy.
Guitarist Asesino describes the band as "the new Brujeria."
Their second album Nicole & Natalie was released on July 31, 2012.
As well as touring and recording, Uiscedwr runs its own label Yukka Records and the members also offer tuition in fiddle, guitar and bodhrán.
In the 2000s, a wave of garage-influenced acts associated with the post-punk revival emerged, and a some achieved commercial success.
Karnataka Bank currently has a network of 765 branches and above 1334 ATM's across 21 states and two Union territories.
The Cold Crush Brothers set the standard for emceeing and became known as "the Rolling Stones of hip hop".
In April 1970, Hendrix, Mitchell, and bassist Billy Cox performed and recorded until Hendrix's death on September 18, 1970.
Tim Soete has moved to San Diego and Tim Green lives in Grass Valley, California.
His Hero Is Gone was an influential American crust punk band from Memphis, Tennessee.
Two years later, they released Come Now Sleep.
RBD was a Mexican musical group that gained popularity from Televisa's teen series Rebelde, and found international success from 2004 until their separation in 2009.
Nightrage's Marios Iliopoulos, Amaranthe's Elize Ryd and Jake E and Dead by April's Jimmie Strimell provided guest appearances on this album.
Originally they were named The Harmonica Madcaps and the group consisted of Jerry Murad, Bob Hadamik, Pete Pedersen, and Al Fiore,.
The group is known for their frequent lineup changes, with 13 different individuals having at one time been in the group.
Big Cyc is a Polish rock band formed in 1988.
The Car Is on Fire was a three-piece pop outfit from Warsaw, Poland.
On June 15, 2009, Ugress released their fourth studio album, called Reminiscience.
All Seeing I were asked in November 1998 to produce a cover of "Beat Goes On" for Britney Spears's debut album ...Baby One More Time.
On April 29, 2015 the band posted on Facebook that they were mastering and would be releasing a track in the near future.
Boy Hits Car is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California, United States, which was formed in 1993.
Both albums were released on Equal Vision Records.
The group consists of members: Fat Jon the Ample Soul Physician, Pase Rock, Kyle David, and Sonic.
Bulldog Mansion is a South Korean pop rock band from Seoul formed in 1999.
It did not achieve the same level of success of its predecessors as Nazia fell drastically ill and they could not promote the CD.
The band was discovered by former Kid Rock manager Michael Rand.
When the band formed in 1984 at the beginning of the “Fun-Punk”-movement, punk was their main style.
The band was originally named "Love Children," but the label's founder, Michael Knott didn't like the name and suggested "Dance House Jesus" instead.
The band officially disbanded in 2009, while the members have remained active in the Los Angeles music scene.
In addition to Plant, the band was composed of fellow former Led Zeppelin member Jimmy Page; Jeff Beck; and other friends and well-known studio musicians.
Kid, Monty G, Tone Love, and DJ Too Tuff,
He now uses a wheelchair and has formed his dream band Jim Conway's Big Wheel.
The band has, since its inception, consisted of bassist and lead vocalist Dusty Hill, guitarist and lead vocalist Billy Gibbons, and drummer Frank Beard.
In late 2007, the original band members reunited.
In Windows Powershell, the equivalent is $null.
Since 1981, the band has consisted of Delgado-López and Görl.
The remaining three "Greats" are DumDum Boys, Raga Rockers and Jokke & Valentinerne.
They played a mix of hardcore punk and ska.
Vertical Horizon is an American alternative rock band formed at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. in 1991.
This was followed by the release of another 7" titled "A Slow March to the Burial".
They have had a Top 10 hit with "Obsesión", and are known for their songs "I Am" and "Niña".
The group won Billboard Latin Music Awards, Premios Lo Nuestro, and an Emmy award.
They went on tour with their first performance at Middle East Downstairs in Cambridge, Massachusetts on April 2, 2008.
One of its compositions is a part of the soundtrack for Peter Greenaway's The Pillow Book.
A-ha is a Norwegian band formed in Oslo in 1982.
Andain is a San Francisco-based electronic music duo.
Fox Soccer Channel currently feature their 1997 hit "Copper Girl" as background music when announcing scores and goal summaries at half time and full-time.
The band consisted of Cody Canada, Grady Cross, Randy Ragsdale, and Jeremy Plato.
Originally formed in 1997 by Olivier Benoit and Simon Proulx, the band's current line up is:
The band garnered international success with their lively Irish folk songs, traditional street ballads and instrumentals.
Its style comprises punk, ska, reggae, funk and some traditional Bulgarian folk music elements.
Outside Japan the band is best known for their song "Tactics", one of the many ending themes of the Rurouni Kenshin anime.
They announced their retirement on July 1, 2004.
All previous members of the group have gone on to solo careers, most notably DJ Qbert & Mix Master Mike.
The self-produced album Act of God saw the band signed to Nuclear Blast Records after they had relocated to Sarasota.
Ratcat are an Australian indie rock band which were formed in 1985 and are fronted by mainstay vocalist and guitarist, Simon Day.
The group's name was inspired by the poem "Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer", from T. S. Eliot's Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats.
Raging Slab is an American hard rock band.
The band began writing their own music in 1999, with two members touring as an instrumental duo at that time.
They formed in 1994, and initially consisted of Kim Pieters, Adria Morgan, Sara Stephenson, and Andre Richardson.
Since Newman’s death on 4 August 1995 from cancer, Wells continues to release music under some of these names, and also as The Man and S.O.L.O.
Since its formation, the band has released six studio albums, three EPs and eight music videos.
When issued in the US it peaked at No.
The subdudes formed in 1987 through a music venue in New Orleans called Tipitina's.
Since 2003, Lärm played one show a year, though most have been with stand-in vocalists.
Sotiri Papafylis currently sings and plays blues harmonica with Back Sabbath.
As of 2008 they have released four studio records.
In 2001 Drummer Shane Hills legally changed his name to Moon Hills.
Their second album Reggatta de Blanc became the first of five consecutive UK No.
Also in 1995, they won the Triple J-sponsored Unearthed competition for Lismore, with their post-grunge song "Sickfest".
Flanders and Swann were a British comedy duo.
The group released their greatest hits album, on 25 April 2005 to coincide with their separation.
Since 2002, guitarist Enrik Garcia has been the band's sole remaining founding member.
It also spent some time in the independent charts in Canada.
After Perri's departure shortly after Abandon Your Friends, Mark became lead vocalist and in 2007, the band released Holding a Wolf by the Ears.
Jazz critic Dave Gelly of The Observer has described her as "one of the most stylistically flexible pianists around, with a marvellous, slightly husky singing voice".
Wolfmother have been categorised by various commentators within the genres of hard rock, heavy metal, stoner rock and psychedelic rock.
Due to internal conflicts, the band broke up in 2005.
Aiden's final lineup featured Francis, guitarist Ian MacWilliams, bassist Kenneth Fletcher, and drummer Ben Tourkantonis.
The band's original domestic signing was with EMI Canada.
It currently consists of Alexander Bălănescu, James Shenton, Katie Wilkinson and Nick Holland.
In New Zealand "Breakaway" was a number-one hit while "Hungry Town" and "Big Hotel" both reached the top 30.
In 2004, the album went platinum and has been dubbed "the sleeper hit of the millennium".
Consisting of members Eun Ji-won, Lee Jai-jin, Kim Jae-duck, Kang Sung-hoon, Ko Ji-yong and Jang Su-won, the group officially debuted on April 15, 1997.
Buck-Tick is a Japanese rock band, formed in Fujioka, Gunma in 1983.
They became inactive in 2009, but reunited for a one-off show in Detroit in 2013.
In the fall of 2015 Tim Stutz released music via Bandcamp under the name because of robots
The group reformed in January 2008 in Melbourne and issued more albums, Australian Ghost Story, I Still Hear Your Voice at Night and Oh Boy.
After a comeback tour, the band recorded Done with Mirrors, which won some critical praise but failed to come close to commercial expectations.
Founded in 1973 in Hialeah, Florida, its style has included disco and funk.
They reunited in late December 2012 for a concert and announced their comeback after their performance in the opening ceremony of the Olympics in Sochi 2014.
The band are best known for their song "Tubthumping", which was nominated for Best British Single at the 1998 Brit Awards.
The Smashing Pumpkins is an American alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois, formed in 1988.
When the band disbanded in 1979, all three members began producing albums for other artists.
The group has ten Dove awards, a Grammy nomination and three certified gold albums to their credit.
The group had a steady stream of hits throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
However, DeLeon left the band soon after with Ransom returning once again; Chavez rejoined the band again in March 2017, solidifying the current line-up.
50 on VH1's list of the "100 greatest artists of all time."
Raja Ram stated in an interview that "Shpongle" is an umbrella term for feeling positive and euphoric emotions.
To date, Sodom has released fifteen studio albums, three live albums, two compilation albums and six EPs.
There have been 60 vocalists in the history of the Treadwell Drifters line, including several splinter groups by former Drifters members.
Advanced Chemistry is a German hip hop group from Heidelberg, a scenic city in Baden-Württemberg, South Germany.
Clann An Drumma was formed by Joe Kilna MacKenzie, Jacquie Holland, and Tu-Bardh Stormcrow Wilson, among others.
1 albums, with 25 million records sold by 2013 worldwide.
Their unique blend of folk music revival and psychedelia gave them a cult-like following from the late 1960s into the 1970s.
Total body irradiation is a radiation therapy technique used to prepare the body to receive a bone marrow transplant.
But, like The Monkees, Massacration became a huge success, and a real band.
Bob Schneider is an Austin, Texas–based musician and former lead-singer of Ugly Americans.
They also won the Mercury Prize in 2006 for their debut album, in addition to receiving nominations in 2007 and 2013.
Forged in the "scuzzy, gay nightlife scene of New York," the band took its name from the female same-sex sexual activity tribadism.
The band added Garrett Lunceford, formerly the drummer for Acceptance, on lead guitar.
In 1998 the band added Joe Kelly as a drummer; in 2003 he left and was replaced by Jay Pellicci of Dilute.
Some of the band's albums are heavily folk influenced, while others have a more traditional symphonic black metal sound.
The Dorsey Brothers were a studio group fronted by musicians Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey.
The band is most famous for being Tré Cool's first band before joining Green Day.
From 1981 the group consisted of Alan Bishop, his brother Richard Bishop, and Charles Gocher.
The band's name is apparently a pun on the term "Gothic arch" and the Archies.
The 3.9 kilometre East Pyl Brook also rises in Sutton and flows through Merton, joining the main Pyl east of Grand Drive in Raynes Park.
Autopsia gathers authors of different professions in realization of multimedia projects.
Three different costumes coincide with the changing music and times during their existence.
In 1980, The Birthday Party moved from Melbourne to London, where they were championed by broadcaster John Peel.
The group placed five songs in the Canadian top 40 between 1987 and 1992, including "Should I See" and "Head Over Heels".
Monroe's performing career spanned 69 years as a singer, instrumentalist, composer and bandleader.
The band has also won a Grammy Award.
The group has since become notable due to the later success of its members.
The reformation lineup features John Garcia, Arthur Seay, Miguel Cancino and Owen Seay.
The band launched its first album Gros mammouth album in 2003.
CCM magazine described their music as "pure punk for dread people," stating that it was a cross between Janes Addiction and Charlie Mingus.
He is also the older brother of rapper B.G.
Nitro Mega Prayer is a Screamo band from Japan, formed in 1999.
Young Marble Giants have only released one full-length studio album, Colossal Youth in 1980.
Antiquus  is a Canadian power metal band from Vancouver, British Columbia.
UTFO was an old-school hip hop group, popular in the 1980s, that was mentored by the contemporary R&B group Full Force.
A self-titled album was released in the UK on the Neon record label in 1972.
Live performances are supported by Paul Seegers on keyboards and Mike Jenney on drums.
Moheener Ghoraguli was a Bengali independent music group from Kolkata, established in 1975.
This is when the name "The Young Knives" was coined.
The first year under that name, they produced a successful album entitled Nueva Vida featuring a hitsong written by Juan Luis Guerra, "Te Propongo."
Along with the Velvet Underground and the Stooges, they were one of the first bands of the early punk rock scenes.
The band's discography is currently available on CD from Weird System Records.
Banda el Recodo has performed with such popular artists as Juan Gabriel and Michael Concepcion.
24 in the UK Singles Chart, and a further release, "Make It Last" peaked at No.
When in Rome are an English dance/new wave group, which originally consisted of vocalists Clive Farrington and Andrew Mann, and keyboards player Michael Floreale.
After the release of 'Confines of Heat' in 2003, The Mercury Program took a much needed break.
In 1999, they collaborated with Ian Brown on a song that bears their name on his album Golden Greats.
Streetlight Manifesto is an American ska punk band from New Brunswick, New Jersey formed in 2002.
The Surf Coasters are a Japanese surf band, started by Shigeo Naka in 1994.
Sadistic Mika Band was a Japanese rock group formed in 1972.
Abaddon Incarnate are an Irish deathgrind band.
Weis's departure from the group preceded the release of their second studio album Days of Our Lives, which contains singles "Oh No"/"Never Stop" and "V.I.P.".
Dropdead is an American hardcore punk band based in Providence, Rhode Island.
The band signed with Battleaxe Records in 2002 and their self-titled debut album was re-released as Local 604.
Monolake is named after Mono Lake, which is east of the Sierra Nevada in California.
Matching that feat, subsequent formations of the Drifters recorded 13 Billboard Hot 100 top 30 chart hits.
Pocket Symphonies is an Austin indie rock band formed in 2000.
Vital Remains is an American death metal band from Providence, Rhode Island, formed in 1988.
And what we do is sing good gospel music."
In later years the idea was taken up by other cities, and a national tournament was held.
The Olivia Tremor Control is an American rock band that was prominent in the mid-to-late 1990s.
The name of the band came from a scene in the 1990 film Problem Child where the chant "Son of Dork" is used.
Bonnie left the group in 1978 to commence a solo career with only modest success.
Kemopetrol's original bassist, Kari Myöhänen, left the band in July 2003.
They started traveling around the globe, covering the band's original repertoire with songs like "Juana la Cubana".
The band reunited in 2008 and released The Cursed Remain Cursed in 2012.
They achieved success worldwide commercial and critical in the period 1992-95.
Formed in 1979 by songwriter/guitarist Kurt Bloch, and friends Lulu Gargiulo and Kim Warnick, they disbanded in 2001.
Unlike most of Eurovision contenders who later sank into obscurity, E.N.I.
Celtic Woman has been described as being "Riverdance for the voice."
For the recording of the album in May 1997, Watt tapped guitarist Nels Cline and sometime Tom Waits drummer Stephen Hodges.
The song "You've Got What it Takes" became a Top 10 hit in Ireland in 1960.
SechsKies disbanded on May 20, 2000, performing "Bye" and "Remember Me" for the last time at the Dream Concert.
The first official Dethklok album was released on September 25, 2007, entitled The Dethalbum.
Pezband was an American power pop band formed in 1971 in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park, Illinois.
Joanna Bolme performed and recorded with the group as a bassist from 2007 to 2011.
Mays was born in Hamilton, Ontario, and grew up in Nova Scotia.
The founding members of the Ramblers, or NLCR, are Mike Seeger, John Cohen, and Tom Paley.
The group appeared on the Slice of Lemon compilation released by Kill Rock Stars and Lookout!
Franklin is on vocals, Fabien and Jey on guitar, Vincent on bass and Jocelyn on drums.
The Vocal Majority did not compete again at the International level until the 2014 competition, held at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Piper presumably returned to his screenwriting endeavors and Lopez went on to become part of the experimental Latin band Bang Data.
The album is now being released by both Gilead and Radar Recordings, after years of legal issues surrounding the intellectual rights of the music.
Ved Buens Ende means "By the end of the bow" referring to the mythological rainbow Bifröst.
Five Pointe O was a six-piece alternative metal music group from Joliet, Illinois.
No-Man are an English art pop duo, formed in 1987 as No Man Is an Island by singer Tim Bowness and multi-instrumentalist Steven Wilson.
The band is best known for their Michael Jackson cover "Smooth Criminal."
The singles include Duke Lion, Kali is the Sweethog, Blood Red Head on Fire, and the Modern Rock Top 40 hit Rebel.
Renford Cogle assisted with writing and arranging material.
Slick Shoes is a punk rock band from Antelope Valley, California.
In their early albums, they also tended heavily to use Swedish record samples.
DBX played two reunion shows in August 2009.
In 2009, the band signed with Southern California punk record label Basement Records in order to release their second album, Dumb Bomb in 2010.
She has worked with the record producer Fernando Cabrero on recording the poems of Matilde Casazola, a poet.
After a brief and unsuccessful period with Decca, they went with Greenberg to her newly formed company, Scepter Records.
He earned a bachelor's and master's degree from the Juilliard School where he studied with Lillian Fuchs.
The cat appears in the third act pas de caractère of Tchaikovsky's ballet The Sleeping Beauty, and appears in the sequels to the animated film Shrek.
Asphalt Ribbons were a UK band that formed in Nottingham in 1987.
The name Muslimgauze is a play on the word muslin combined with Muslim, referring to Bryn Jones' preoccupation with conflicts throughout the Muslim world.
The Briefs have released a prolific number of 7" singles during their career, on several small independent labels.
The first album, 99, was recorded with her playing all the instruments.
Politically charged tunes such as "Liberate Tibet" and "Sarajevo" were called prophetic by some critics.
Pink Grease were a six-piece rock group from Sheffield, England.
By the late 1990s their tribal house sound morphed into a more progressive and dreamy vibe.
Skycamefalling are a metalcore band from Long Island, New York, USA.
They resumed touring in 1998, and thereafter released two live albums via their website, along with a new studio album, Any Time Now in 2006.
Medley sang the low parts with his bass-baritone voice, with Hatfield taking the higher register vocals with his countertenor voice.
Verde70 is considered as one of the most influential and successful groups in the history of Ecuador.
They have a total of six released albums since their debut, Taste, released in 1989.
Albums by the group are known for soundscapes which hearkened back to Detroit soul.
The band consists of core members Jonathan Bree and Heather Mansfield, with additional contributions from part-time members such as Ryan McPhun and Princess Chelsea.
He often collaborates with other artists and film-maker Usama Alshaibi.
The band has toured the United States and Europe several times.
Seeed consists of eleven band members, including three singers, a horn section and a DJ.
The Cancer Conspiracy was a progressive rock group from Burlington, Vermont featuring guitarist Daryl Rabidoux, drummer/keyboardist/saxophonist Greg Beadle, and bassist Brent Frattini.
It was number one on the Canadian campus radio top 50 chart in May and again in June, 2009.
With RIAA-certified sales of 111.5 million units, they are the second-best-selling band in the US.
They were billed by the band as the last shows for 2007 perhaps as an indicator of more activity in 2008.
The band recruited Louis J. Pinto on drums and Murtaza Jaffar on guitars.
The band has been performing together since the recording of their first album, Are We Not Femme?
Fans and critics have described the band's music as a mix of pop-punk and hard rock.
They were the first band to have a number one single under the production team of Stock Aitken Waterman.
In the UK, they have had six number one albums and 13 top 20 singles, including two number ones.
Burarrwanga died on 10 June 2007 of lung cancer.
The band toured with the reunited Rival Schools in 2008.
In the last two decades, various studies estimate that land use change, including deforestation and forest degradation, accounts for 12-29% of global greenhouse gas emissions.
In 2013, the band's next release came in the form of the EP Invisible.
Chema Zurita also being a regular bass player with the Uk Subs.
Magyar Posse was a Finnish post-rock band established in 2000 in the city of Pori.
Surreal Records was run by friend and Bionic Records employee Jason Shad.
Their music is a mix of rock, soul, gospel and blues.
The latter was referred to as KEY for the small skeleton key in the CD artwork.
Released as the band's debut single on 21 January 1996, it went straight to the top of the UK Singles Chart.
Wannskrækk is a Norwegian punk rock band, from Trondheim which gained a cult following.
Their song "All I Can Say" is on the Saints Row reggae radiostation.
The band also released a live album, Live at the ICA, which was recorded at the Institute of Contemporary Arts.
The Warlocks are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1998 by guitarist/singer Bobby Hecksher.
Sweet Pain is also the name of a Netherlands-based Kiss cover band.
and a number of successful singles, the biggest of which was "My Own Way".
gnom was a Norwegian folk music band, the third band started by Janove Ottesen and Geir Zahl.
Malavoi's first album was Malavoi, released in 1978 and featuring singer Ralph Thamar.
He now has a YouTube channel where he hosts a talk show and cooks vegan food, called Panelaço.
In the 1980s, the Minneapolis music scene was primarily known for The Replacements, Soul Asylum, Hüsker Dü and Prince among others.
Ronnie Sweetheart was a member/Guitarist of VO5 with former Skid Row singer Sebastian Bach.
Voo Voo is a Polish jazz-rock band formed in 1985.
Marc Live rapped with Ice T's group SMG.
1000 Homo DJs was a side project of industrial music band Ministry.
The first album of WWO was published by BMG.
They are known for their conceptual, highly ambitious releases, which have frequently divided critical opinion.
Deadguy was an American metalcore band from New Brunswick, New Jersey.
Daniel Victor performs all musical instruments, with most of his songs featuring guest singers.
MewithoutYou, stylized as mewithoutYou, is an American rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Stuff that I really love listening to, like Low, for example, and Neil Young and Joni Mitchell and all that end of things.
The band rehearsed at Hammond High School, where Mr. Kerman taught.
They had an international hit with "IOU", and a UK Top 10 with "Southern Freeez".
Bennett and McDowell left the band in 2001, with Chris Scruggs and Geoff Firebaugh respectively replacing them.
The line-up of Flea, Kiedis, Frusciante, and Smith was the longest-lasting and recorded five studio albums beginning with Mother's Milk.
Nowadays the band is popular in the Ukraine, Poland and on Folk-Rock festivals all over the world.
The 2007 follow-up album, Ritual of Battle, saw Jus Allah and JMT protégés Doap Nixon and Demoz joining the Pharaohs.
The Blind Boys have toured for seven decades, and created an extensive discography.
In the year 2001, following Cam'ron's signing, the group secured a recording contract with Def Jam and Brooklyn-bred rapper Jay Z's Roc-A-Fella Records.
In contemporary usage, the term longwave is not defined precisely, and its meaning varies across the world.
Misty in Roots are a British roots reggae band formed in Southall, London in the mid 1970s.
The other members of the group play a wide variety of instruments.
Her debut solo release was the 1997 Mini-Album Society on Nightshade Productions.
Their debut album, Neon & Ruin on Mt.
Finland's Down My Throat covered "Youth Enrage" on their album "Real Heroes Die."
The ensemble performs with four instruments made by the Amati family of luthiers now owned by the university.
Vio-lence was an American thrash metal band formed in 1985 in the San Francisco Bay Area.
In addition, more than twenty of their singles have entered the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
Both members have achieved solo success with Gray releasing singles "The Weekend" and "Borderline" which were club hits, while Pearn has formed a side project Bodyrox.
The Permanent Stranger EP followed in 2002, on the dcBaltimore2012 label.
Wee Papa Girl Rappers were a British female rap duo that found chart success in the late 1980s.
There were three line-up changes with two of the original members leaving halfway through.
The Stranglers are an English rock band who emerged via the punk rock scene.
In 1983 drummer and percussionist, Simon Fox worked alongside Clive Bunker
Menck and Bohn have created remixes of a wide array of artists, including Scooter and Kool & the Gang.
Block's second album with the group, Plagues of Babylon, was released in January 2014.
In 1995 they released their first EP, The Spidey Sessions, which contained four songs.
Catherine Wheel were an English alternative rock band from Great Yarmouth.
Lady Pank is a popular Polish rock band, started in 1981 in Warsaw by Jan Borysewicz and Andrzej Mogielnicki.
Besides the "raw" sound, the band's music is noted for its avant-garde side and emphasis on atmosphere.
The abbreviation "NRBQ" stands for New Rhythm and Blues Quartet.
Big Ass is a Thai rock band.
The Funky Bunch consisted of Wahlberg, Scott Ross, Hector Barros, Terry Yancey, and Anthony Thomas.
Salamander Crossing was a bluegrass band based in New England that disbanded in 1999.
After a 2006 tour, the band embarked on a long five-year break from musical activities, before reuniting in 2012 to play several concerts.
Initially marketed as a duo that can sing, rap, and dance, their early works featured bubblegum pop and upbeat techno music.
In May 2002, they entered the studio to record the successor to their 1994 album, simply named Merciless.
Turner left in January 1985 and the group disbanded in 1987.
The band broke up after guitarist Fred Duval died of skin cancer on 6 June 1997 at the age of 29.
The Fontane Sisters were a trio from New Milford, New Jersey.
Both tracks came from The Wiseguys second album, The Antidote.
Uniting Nations were a British dance act formed in Liverpool in 2004.
They have released over a dozen albums over their career, on which they collaborated with acts in genre, including Azalia Snail, Chan Marshall and Thurston Moore.
Keith Emerson died at age 71 on 11 March 2016, from a gunshot to the head ruled as suicide.
In 2004 they released their first album for Candlelight Records, Fistful of Hate.
A tribute to then-recently deceased Eazy-E, titled "Tha Crossroads", won a Grammy award in 1997.
G. Love & Special Sauce is an alternative hip hop band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
In September 2007, the band played their first shows outside Sweden, playing in London, Sheffield and Bradford England.
The band's style draws from country, pop, punk and new wave influences.
Disappear Fear is an American indie pop/indie folk/Americana/world beat band formed in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1987.
They released their debut album at a time when such music was gaining commercial success in the Christian music industry.
Due to Leslie Bayne's stagefright, Johan Malmgren joined the band as a tour musician in 1992.
The band is signed to Shrapnel Records.
As in Melchiondo's band Ween, both he and Heller assume aliases: Mickey Moist and Dickie Moist.
It was announced in April 2017 that Fahey had rejoined Bananarama and that they would be touring the UK from November 2017.
The band's earliest songs consisted of a more punk rock style, such as on their first single, "Drive by Negly".
1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
The album was very well received, mainly due to DJ Premier's advanced production work, described by Allmusic as "rhythmic masterpieces".
The group formed in 1980 with members Pat DiNizio, Jim Babjak, Mike Mesaros, and Dennis Diken.
Earth, Wind & Fire is an American band that has spanned the musical genres of R&B, soul, funk, jazz, disco, pop, rock, Latin and African.
Jamie Waese is the producer and director of the TV series.
The group had 13 US top 20 hits between 1973 and 1985.
They also suggested to put up a statue of him, but his family did not approve of this.
PFM introduced new sounds, such as the synthesizer, to the Italian musical world.
They have produced multiple dance hits under various group names since the early 1990s.
Musicians who took part in this project include Vincent Montana Jr., Roy Ayers, George Benson, Jocelyn Brown, Tito Puente, and members of the Salsoul Orchestra.
The art director/designer/photographer Justin Broadbent also won an award for "Recording Package of the Year" for Synthetica.
Motörhead are typically classified as heavy metal, and their fusion of punk rock into the genre helped to pioneer speed metal and thrash metal.
The LeperKhanz have endorsement deals with Dean Markley Strings, BarFly Clothing, and 186 Mafia Clothing.
Jacob's Mouse was a three-piece indie rock band from Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, England.
The white lion is a rare color mutation of the lion.
The band's current line-up comprises vocalist/rhythm guitarist Tim McIlrath, lead guitarist Zach Blair, bassist Joe Principe and drummer Brandon Barnes.
Together, they have gained increasing public notice and critical acclaim for developing a unique sound of their own.
It was not until then that the band earned the reputation for intentionally being outrageous and offensive.
Members included Raja Ram, Graham Wood and Anjee Sian, with Simon Posford occasionally working with them.
5566 disbanded in 2008, but reunited in 2014 and 2016.
The Criminals have released two studio albums, Never Been Caught on Lookout!
Though many label them crust or hardcore, they do not self-identify with any one specific subgenre of DIY punk.
Parokya ni Edgar has been referred to by local media as "Pambansang Banda ng Pilipinas".
The Brian Jonestown Massacre was formed by Newcombe in 1990.
Shook Ones are a band from Bellingham, Washington, that has since relocated to Seattle, Washington.
Their other more prominent hits include "Alive and Kicking" and "Belfast Child".
Shpongle is an English psychedelic music project formed in 1996.
The Kovenant is a Norwegian black metal band from Hamar.
Second percussionist Gray left shortly after the recording sessions, and the album was released in 2005 on the Captain Oi!
Ric Ocasek, formerly of The Cars, produced their follow-up EP.
The band became a four-piece in 2004 with the addition of The Hammer on guitar and began touring the United States extensively.
They played this same year at the Eurockéennes festival in France.
Later that year, the band was primarily a duo of Riggs and Tess Brunet.
They release their albums through the Montreal-based Constellation Records, producing and collaborating on works with Godspeed You!
Abdoujaparov are a punk band formed on 19 October 1998 by ex-Carter USM guitarist Les Carter.
This label released their eighth studio album Death to Tyrants in 2006 to positive reviews.
The band's popularity grew, and by 1973's Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, critics were starting to respond favourably.
Following Wyman's departure in 1993, Darryl Jones joined as their touring bassist.
In 2002, guitarist Eric Long resigned and was then replaced by guitarist Bradley Walther.
Her mother is a classical singer and is a sister of the bass Peter Kooy.
The Epoxies were an American new wave band from Portland, Oregon, formed in 2000.
They played live mostly in California and Arizona.
Marvelous 3 was an American rock band from Atlanta, Georgia.
The concept of the band came from Zecharia Sitchin's book The Twelfth Planet and his writing about the Sumer civilisation.
The Seahorses were an English alternative rock band, formed in 1996 by guitarist John Squire, following his departure from The Stone Roses.
Money taking over as Poison Clan's driving force—though Poison Clan paraded itself as a collective, it was actually more of a solo project.
Eyeopener are a British dance group that emerged in late 2004.
Hawthorne Heights is an American emo band from Dayton, Ohio, formed in 2001.
Together they have starred in several Taiwanese drama series and released three albums, Meteor Rain, Fantasy 4ever, and Waiting for You.
Kurupt and Daz went on to release solo albums starting in 1998.
This mock ideology was anti-human and pro-cyborg, encouraging humans to shed their weak flesh and bone for robotic parts.
Dana Key and Eddie DeGarmo reunited to do a concert on October 21, 2007 at TLC Church in Cordova, Tennessee.
The Jacksonville-based band released two albums before disbanding in 1982.
Rick Berlin is a Boston-based singer-songwriter, formerly the frontman of Orchestra Luna, Luna, Berlin Airlift, Rick Berlin: The Movie, and The Shelley Winters Project.
Their music can be described as modern rock.
The live band featured Alan King, Michael Casswell, Trevor Thornton, Phil Williams & David Cairns.
101 on the Billboard 200 in 2003 with the album's single, "Shatterday", peaking at No.
It also featured Sadie Benning from 1998 until 2001 and JD Samson for the rest of the group's run.
Blutengel are a German Darkwave musical group formed by singer Chris Pohl after he had to leave Seelenkrank due to contractual and legal problems.
It wasn't until 2002 that they released the album MT3, whose single "Cruisen" reached number 5 in the German charts.
Communic is a progressive metal band from Kristiansand, Norway.
Beherit is a black metal band from Finland.
Blood Stain Child is a Japanese metal band from the city of Osaka.
The group has enjoyed moderate success garnering numerous gold-certified albums in Mexico.
and released Rogue's March in October 1999.
Celedonio Romero died in 1996, and was replaced by Angel's son Lito.
The members are rappers Promoe, Supreme, DJ/Producer Embee and CosM.I.C.
Their second album Threads was released in 2010 and reached the top 15 on iTunes UK electronic albums chart.
The band was created by members of the grunge-era side project Hater.
The Judds were an American country music duo composed of Naomi Judd and her daughter Wynonna Judd.
Initially recording with the line-up of Bannister, David Pine, Kat Tyrie and Martin Durrant, Tyrie was replaced by John Kelcher early in the band's career.
Their earlier style was technical thrash metal, but the band later experimented with alternative and groove metal elements on their fourth album Green.
A few songs also appear on various Ranma ½ musical albums.
4 on the Billboard Hot 100, and "Clothes Off!!"
The Beatles are the best-selling band in history, with estimated sales of over 800 million physical and digital albums worldwide.
Raptori were both aggressive and humoristic at once, and often used counter-intuitive rhymes.
In 1985, the group was reformed by Guns and singer Paul Black adding Mick Cripps and Nickey Alexander.
Since 1998, Horn and Downes have occasionally performed the Buggles' songs.
He is currently a member of The Futur Skullz.
and Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five."
Sidi Bou Said were a London-based rock band, who existed during the 1990s.
Their music style mixes elements of dub, acid jazz, reggae, Indian classical, Middle Eastern, hip hop, electronica and Brazilian, including bossa nova.
The band disbanded in 1991, but reunited in late 2007.
The name Blue Devils came from the name of a gang of fence cutters operating during the early days of the American West.
With the departure of singer David Owen, they released The Rescue.
There was less emphasis on the tongue drums and more on the hammered dulcimer and Allen's guitar, which took on a markedly flamenco aspect.
The band is best known for their hit "Lips of an Angel".
Herman's Hermits had four Top 3 hits in the US in 1965, with the aforementioned No.
The singles Photograph and Christmas Day were released in 1986.
Orsa Spelmän is a folk music sextet from Orsa in Sweden, which was founded in 1987.
According to Australian rock music historian Ian McFarlane, Rose Tattoo are "one of the most revered bands of all time.
The band is named after the sister of Tara Maclean who died in a car accident in 2002.
Fans commonly referred to them as Trey Anastasio Band, or TAB for short or "The Two for Five band".
American Music Club is an American, San Francisco-based indie rock band, led by singer-songwriter Mark Eitzel.
In 2002 they started playing to live crowds and soon became the most requested electronic act in the country.
Falkenbach is a pagan black metal group from Germany that is signed to Prophecy Productions.
Electric Eel Shock are a three-piece garage rock band, formed in Tokyo in 1994.
In 2005 Richards released his debut album, Purple Blaze, which combined elements of folk, funk, and ambient electronica, and toured in support of the album.
They are cited as part of the 'second wave' 1990s British Invasion of the US.
In the early days, Post Regiment had a much slower pace and more conventional singing style with vocalist Darek "Tolek" Gracki.
In 2006 they finished recording their debut album on the banks of the River Dart in Devon.
Their fifth release, Palomino, maintained a position in the Top 10 on the bluegrass charts for 52 straight weeks.
They are also three time recipients of Atlanta's Peach Drop awards as the most influential reggae band.
Both revues were recorded in concert and the duo also made several studio-based recordings.
Since 2008, Pattern Is Movement have been performing as a two-piece.
The Durutti Column are an English post-punk band formed in 1978 in Manchester, England.
Maarja Kivi left the group in 2004 and was replaced by Triinu Kivilaan.
The feature track "As We Travel" was also included on a compilation album called Beach Suite, available in Australia on the Suite Musique label.
Sheep on Drugs are a British techno/dance-punk music group, formed by Duncan X and Lee Fraser and currently composed of Fraser and Johnny Borden.
In March, 2000, shortly after the release of their Gift Horse album, Gene Eugene died.
Their second album, The Unknown Clarity, was released on iTunes on March 11, 2008.
The band was formed under the supervision of school board consultant Laura Lapedus.
This page is about the San Diego punk rock band Rocket from the Crypt.
Show of Hands are an English acoustic roots and folk duo comprising singer-songwriter Steve Knightley and multi-instrumentalist Phil Beer.
Under Zappa's helm, it was signed to jazz label Verve Records as part of the label's diversification plans.
Cook da Books were a British new wave band from Liverpool, England popular in the 1980s.
M-Flo is a Japanese hip hop group consisting of record producer DJ Taku Takahashi, MC Verbal and LISA.
Teddy and the Pandas released five singles from 1966 to 1968, in addition to one album.
It originally consisted of Robert Poss, Susan Stenger, Ron Spitzer, with Susan Lyall, Susan Tallman, and Alva Rogers.
The overtone may sound like a flute, whistle or bird, but is solely a product of the human voice.
Moneen is a Canadian indie rock band from Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
A second single, "The Way She's Lookin'", reached the lower regions of the country charts.
Drummers in this period included Luke Rendle and the short-lived member Cliff.
They pioneered hardcore techno, gabber, amigacore and cheapcore music in the Australian market.
After two more albums with less success, the band split up in 1992.
Ben Folds, who called Fleming and John the "The Carpenters of the 1990s with Led Zeppelin's rhythm section", invited them to open for his band.
The band consisted of Sneakybat, Crash, and Maxislag.
Control Machete were a Mexican hip hop group from Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.
They were formed by SM Entertainment in 1996 and disbanded in 2001.
Basement Jaxx are an English electronic music duo consisting of Felix Buxton and Simon Ratcliffe.
These recordings join a discography of twenty-one releases which includes the complete Beethoven Quartets and works by Haydn, Schubert, Dvořák, Janáček, Dohnányi, E.J.
Ironically, it received heavy rotation on Christian stations.
The group previously featured Adam "DJ Harpo" Harper who served as the DJ and hype man.
Sentenciados was Baby Rasta & Gringo's third album.
The Caravans were a gospel music group that was started in 1947 by Robert Anderson.
Good Side, Bad Side followed in 1998.
Their style can be considered a mix of Pantera's style of groove metal and hardcore punk.
SAW started producing underground club hits, but earned worldwide success with a mix of Hi-NRG-influenced sound, romantic Motown lyrics and Italo-disco melodies.
Ondekoza's performances in North America in 1975 was the first exposure for many and helped spread interest in taiko through North America.
The band also toured with Failure, Poster Children, Tonic, and fellow Santa Barbarans, Toad the Wet Sprocket.
In 2008, they played a short tour in the United States, and returned to the UK to play All Tomorrow's Parties in December 2010.
Psyched Up Janis is a Danish rock band formed by Sune Rose Wagner, now a member of The Raveonettes, Martin Bjerregaard, and Jakob Jørgensen.
Founding bass guitarist James, forced to leave due to illness in 1980, was replaced by Peter Gifford.
Antisect are a rock band based in London, UK.
It is the first musical group to receive such a high praise from the literary community.
Don Huonot was one of the most popular Finnish rock bands in Finland in the 1990s.
Their debut EP, Girls With Glasses, was released June 2005 and distributed by Retard Disco.
According to Sheehy, the English press reaction to the first single, "Perfect Piece of Trash", was almost unanimous in its derision.
8 Bit Weapon has also remixed music for Erasure, Information Society, and Kraftwerk.
Two tracks from the disc were featured in the Fox television series The O.C.
In 2007 they released a new album.
The band has become one of the most popular rock bands in Latvia in the short period of time.
The Los Angeles based new wave rock band was put together by Kim Fowley after he severed professional relations with The Runaways.
Vaughn would eventually start releasing material under his own name in 2007.
Collectively, Extol has sold over 500,000 albums worldwide.
Bettie Serveert are a Dutch indie rock band.
The album Weeville was their first full-length album.
ABBA's record sales figure is uncertain and various estimates range from over 140 to over 500 million sold records.
Eve's Plum released two albums and numerous singles on 550 Music/Epic Records, before breaking up in 1998.
They have toured with the Warped Tour twice, and participated in the Ska Against Racism Tour.
Its style was mainly death metal, though it included some black metal traits, alongside Ihsahn's trademark keyboard melodies.
The band's first releases are out-of-print, though a compilation featuring songs from them was released as 10 Years Strong in December 2007.
The majority of the production was handled by Ski, famous for his work on Jay-Z's Reasonable Doubt.
It was later certified gold status in the US and multi platinum in Canada.
On July 19, 2002, Carter died of a massive heart attack while on tour in western Massachusetts.
Gamelan Son of Lion is a new-music American gamelan ensemble based in New York City.
One to One was a Canadian pop music group formed in 1984 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
A House were managed throughout their career by John Carroll.
On 15 October 2009, the band announced they would split after a worldwide tour in 2010, the Ending on a High Note Tour.
The band has continued to perform and record since this reunion and have self-released two more albums.
The orchestra's sound is not easily categorized, but has elements of exuberant folk music and a minimalist aesthetic occasionally reminiscent of composers such as Philip Glass.
Etienne de Rocher is a Berkeley, California-based singer songwriter who plays a unique style of indie rock.
They performed Grateful Dead tunes primarily with a mixture of covers, along with some originals.
She worked with Dr. Alban and Denniz Pop but her final breakthrough was when she appeared in ABBA - the true story.
Eddie Watkins was the band's original drummer, but did not rejoin the band upon its reunion in 2008.
They are widely considered one of Spain's most prominent pop groups of the 1980s and early 1990s.
They returned in December 2009 to play a show at the "Ten Years Of ATP" All Tomorrow's Parties music festival in England.
Africa: Egypt, Algeria, South Africa 4. .
Ciarán is the group's accordionist and bassist, and also plays the synthesizer.
Edna's Goldfish was an American ska punk band from Long Island, New York.
Blizzard Brothers Inc. were a hardhouse music duo, consisting of DJs, Daniel Allan and Rob Brizzi.
They released their first album in 1986 on Bam Bam Records and disbanded in 1994, but briefly reunited in 2006.
During their lifespan, the band won the NME's Single Of The Week award three times.
This plan would never come to fruition as a cerebral aneurysm would be cause for Karcich's death in 2002.
Oesch soon left the group and Mäki-paavola was replaced by Pete Parkkonen.
Shape of Despair is a funeral doom metal band from Finland.
Sunny Day Real Estate was an American rock band from Seattle, Washington.
Their musical style combines elements of alternative rock and Britpop, anchored by melodically powerful choruses.
In March 2010, Skullknuckles departed to be replaced by another guitarist Andy Taylor.
A frequently changing line-up, they toured extensively and released their first album, National Health in 1978.
The Litter was an American psychedelic and garage rock band, formed in 1966 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
On 25 August 2013 Biffy Clyro headlined the main stage at Leeds & Reading Festival.
In 2000, the band released the cover album Renegades.
InMe are an English alternative metal band from Brentwood, Essex, formed in 1996.
Critics draw comparisons to 1970s power pop band Big Star, but the band members tend to cite Nick Lowe as a prime influence.
The Hudson Brothers is an American music group formed in Portland, Oregon in the 1970s and consisting of Bill Hudson, Brett Hudson and Mark Hudson.
Rhythm Heritage was a 1970s American disco-funk band, best known for their 1976 US #1 single "Theme from S.W.A.T.".
Soon after, they released four LPs for Trance Syndicate Records, an Austin, Texas label run by King Coffey of the band Butthole Surfers.
Patrick Nolan played drums in the Jazz band Kurds and Whey from 1991–1993, and then released a solo album, Gone Astray in 2003.
They were part of the roster of London punk label Household Name Records.
Both albums will have brand new cover artwork, and they will be released on December 5 this year.
Tiger Army is an American psychobilly band based in Los Angeles, California.
The band currently refers their music style as "heathen war heavy metal."
The group's sound combines elements of all of its members' respective musical projects, and is occasionally considered baroque pop.
The band was formed in 1989, and consisted of Tony Thompson, Roderick "Pooh" Clark, Marcus Sanders, Russell Neal, and Toriano Easley.
The band began by recording and releasing multiple singles from 2002 to 2004 leading up to their eponymous debut studio album, which was released in 2005.
Donna the Buffalo was featured in On The Bus, a documentary co-directed by Dave Sale.
It was originally a pop rock band but the music moved toward hardcore punk in some of the band's recent works.
Formed in 1998, the band is best known for their contributions to the soundtracks of Sega's Jet Set Radio and Jet Set Radio Future games.
The band was initially composed of keyboardist/lead vocalist, Bryan Duncan, and brothers Kevin and Rick Thomson.
In 2003, HMV Japan ranked the band at No.
He writes and produces every song on his records, and plays every instrument on them.
Founding members were Cory Betts on bass guitar, Steve Janevski on guitar and Hanny Mohammed on guitar.
Their fathers, Jeff Hanna and John McEuen, co-founded the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, a country music band which had success in the 1970s and 1980s.
In rare cases the sticky deposits may render the predator unable to stay airborne.
Pop singer and pianist Norah Jones was a member before her break-out album Come Away with Me.
Eyehategod is an American sludge metal band from New Orleans who formed in 1988.
The Superjesus are an Australian rock band formed in Adelaide in late 1994.
They performed and recorded with Folds for many years.
Lead singer/guitarist Nick Blinko is notorious for his witty macabre lyrics and dark pen-and-ink artwork, prominently featured on all of Rudimentary Peni's albums.
The original line-up were Tim Freedman on keyboards and lead vocals, Andy Lewis on double bass and Stevie Plunder on guitar.
In 1981, the unemployment-themed single "Ghost Town" also hit No.
The two released the album FFS in June 2015.
They are signed to their own record label, Borstal Beat Records.
http://www.centro-matic.com/2014/december-tour-dates/ Johnson and Scott Danbom have performed as part of Drive-By Truckers frontman Patterson Hood's band, during his solo tours.
The Smirks were an English new wave band from Manchester who played from the late 1970s to the early 1980s.
Members Kenny Hickey and Johnny Kelly stated in a November 2010 interview with French music magazine Rock Hard that the band would not continue.
The band rose to fame in 1997 after the release of their double A-sided single, "Second Solution" / "Prisoner of Society", which peaked at No.
However, the sound has changed in recent times to take on a darker and more mysterious tone.
The band was consisted of lead vocalist Waymon Boone, bassist James Cruz, drummer Marc Slutsky and lead guitarist Jonathan Svec.
Rotterdam Terror Corps has also worked with many other DJs and producers, including DJ Paul Elstak, Bass-D, The Headbanger, Neophyte, King Matthew, and Dr.
Green Magnet School was an experimental rock band formed in Massachusetts in 1987.
Michigan Jake was a barbershop quartet that formed in 1995.
My Ruin are a DIY band who have control over every aspect of their output.
Their 2005 single, "I Like the Way", reached No.
The original group consisted of Stefan Cush, Paul Simmonds, Philip "Swill" Odgers, Jon Odgers and Shanne Bradley.
Fat Jon currently resides in Berlin, Germany; while Pase Rock lives in New York, with Kyle and Sonic remaining in Cincinnati.
On July 21, 2014, the band announced the addition of a new guitar player, Richard Wikstrand, formerly of Chrome Division.
Trollech uses Czech in a playful way, including frequent usage of archaic-sounding and unusual words.
Luxembourg have been compared to artists like Pulp, The Smiths and Roxy Music and sometimes described as "pop noir".
Dean Bentley on drums and Darren Quinn on guitar of Monster Voodoo Machine were added for the live shows.
On August 2, 2010, it was announced the band would support Circa Survive alongside Dredg and Animals as Leaders on a tour starting October 15, 2010.
The band's ninth album, Hot Thoughts, was released on March 17, 2017, on Matador Records.
Fromm sold his shares to Segal after the release of "Dream About You".
They released their first album, Everything Goes Numb, which was distributed by Victory Records, on August 26, 2003.
Katrina and the Waves were a British-American rock band best known for the 1985 hit "Walking on Sunshine".
Drummer L. Grant Meadows joined the group upon relocating to Chicago in 2006.
They were one of the first bands to fuse rock and experimental music.
"I wrote that song and put it out to see if anybody wanted it.
In the liner notes of Jesus, Ronnie described its music as trendy, club-oriented music.
A compilation, The Wild Cherries: That's Life was released in 2007 by Half A Cow Records.
The band's sophisticated brand of pop was traditional in its structure, but displayed the decidedly 'modern veneer'".
Over the Rhine is now primarily Bergquist and Detweiler accompanied by complementary musicians on albums and tours.
The Proclaimers are a Scottish band composed of the identical twin brothers Charlie and Craig Reid.
Son, Ambulance completed a third album, Someone Else's Deja Vu in January 2008, for release in 2008.
Mojo magazine chose Circulus to cover "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" for their 40th anniversary Sgt.
They formed in 1995, following the breakup of Cap'n Jazz.
Warsaw Village Band is a band from Warsaw, Poland, that plays traditional Polish folk music tunes combined with modern elements.
Tindersticks are an English alternative rock band, formed in Nottingham in 1991.
In 1993 they released their second album "Razdor" with a hit songs "Budi Ponosan" "Krvarim od dosade" and "'89".
Monrose was a German pop girl group, first established in November 2006.
The band's debut album, Remission, released in 2002, garnered significant critical acclaim for its unique sound.
Three-quarters of its coastline is part of the Jurassic Coast Natural World Heritage Site due to its geological and palaeontologic significance.
Frontwoman and lead guitarist, Molly Lorenne, was later introduced to the band by a mutual friend, completing the lineup.
The three had previously collaborated as members of the Canadian alternative rock band Look People.
Both LaPorta and Conforti took a hiatus from the northern New Jersey band, The Emerald Experience, to play and tour with The Happenings.
They also had an impact on leading American southern rock groups The Allman Brothers Band and Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Of the new song, lead vocalist Rob Pettersen has said, "We are not sure if other songs will be written or how/if we will release it/them.
On May 11, YG Entertainment officially announced that they signed a contract with SECHSKIES.
Their first album, Open Letter to the Damned, was released on Octone Records in May 2006 and features the single "Florida Sunshine".
The group has also earned multiple Australasian Performing Rights Association and Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards.
Vain" was a number-one hit in eleven European countries, and the act is thought to have sold more than 10 million records worldwide.
The band has sold over four million records in the U.S. and has been considered notable within the New Wave of American Heavy Metal.
The band's current lineup consists of vocalist Hiroya Ishikawa, guitarist Suguru Asabatake and drummer Hiroyuki Saitō.
The group's current line-up consists of vocalist/guitarist Fher Olvera, drummer Alex González, guitarist Sergio Vallín, and bassist Juan Calleros.
The clause was inserted into the Elementary Education Act 1870, which established compulsory primary education in England and Wales.
The Oak Ridge Boys are an American country and gospel vocal quartet.
The band then wrote and recorded 14 songs inspired by their journey, which was released as Old Angel in May 2010.
The latter was their biggest hit reaching No.
The White Stripes used a low-fidelity approach to writing and recording.
In recent years, Psyclon Nine has gone through many legal controversies that damaged that bands reputation, and left the band to go on hiatus.
Thirteen:13's debut album, Deny Everything, had been fully recorded by the time the band split but was never released.
The band's lyrics contain tongue-in-cheek references to sin, violence, sex, devil worship and similar themes.
Fiction Plane is a rock band consisting of lead vocalist and bass player Joe Sumner, guitarist Seton Daunt, and drummer Pete Wilhoit.
They released their first album, Nosferatu, in 2005 and their second, Book of the Dead, in May 2007.
Beborn Beton is a German synthpop band founded in 1989, with their first album release in 1993.
In 1997 the song "Ware Mouse" appears in the movie The Jackal in the scene where Bruce Willis kisses a guy in the gay nightclub.
They achieved mainly local success, but appeared as an opening band for Culture Club, Eurythmics, and Information Society.
Omaha's mixed entertainment venue Slowdown is named in honor of the band.
The packaging of their releases was often unconventional, involving materials such as hessian, tar paper and aluminium foil.
Big Black was an American punk rock band from Evanston, Illinois, active from 1981 to 1987.
In 2011, the band released their final album, Replay, with original drummer Alan Jackman re-joining the band.
The band consists of the Hey Mann!
They play a blend of traditional country and folk music with indie rock influences.
The quartet's strength is its remarkable ability to blend operatically-trained vocals and classical music with themes from pop, bolero, folk, tango, sacred and Latin music.
Also on Luaka Bop, the album spawned the hit single "Whoever You Are" which peaked at #16 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.
On October 12, 2008, the band's Myspace page indicated that "The Return" was coming.
Plasmatics were an American punk rock and heavy metal band formed by Rod Swenson and Wendy O. Williams in New York City, New York, in 1977.
In 2010, a stage adaptation of American Idiot debuted on Broadway.
It was formed in 2000 by ex-members of the enigmatic math rock band Physics.
The group, signed by Warner Music, was founded in 1993, disbanded in 2003 and regrouped in 2009.
The following year they issued another studio album, Relativity, before disbanding a year later.
7 on the Billboard Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart.
Two Nice Girls were a self-styled "dyke rock" band from Austin, Texas, featuring singer-songwriter Gretchen Phillips.
Geto Boys is a rap group from Fifth Ward, Houston, Texas, currently consisting of Willie D and Bushwick Bill.
The band, formed in 1990, is fronted by guitarists/vocalists Ash Bowie and Dave Brylawski.
The group was ended in early 1990's, due to the illness of Nazia Hassan.
During this time the band continued to write new songs and gain popularity among members of Seattle's music scene.
To date, Ugly Kid Joe have released four full-length albums, two compilation albums and two EPs.
The Armageddon Dildos have been popular within their native Germany.
The band's mascot is a grinning, sunglasses-wearing, jazz cat which appears in the artwork of all the band's releases and on their official website.
They were also known for the comical disguises they wore on stage.
Their second, third and fourth albums were the bestselling albums of their release years.
Other notable hits include "Ebb Tide", "Soul and Inspiration", "Rock and Roll Heaven", and in particular, their version of "Unchained Melody".
This was the last and most disastrous in a series of mishaps that had plagued their tours.
Everyone else from the original band and TV show has since departed.
Neljä Ruusua is a Finnish rock group formed in the city of Joensuu in 1982.
In 2012, the band was accompanied on drums by Robden Alexis Nunez, who eventually joined the band full-time.
Bombs play '77 style street punk heavily influenced by bands like The Clash, The Ramones, and The Sex Pistols.
In 2012, the band completed its first new studio album in 25 years and its first in 30 years with the original 1978 lineup.
Their songs "Retro" and "Soundclash" can also be heard on the video game TOCA 2 Touring Cars by Codemasters.
Armed and Hammered was a hardcore punk band from Toronto, Ontario, spawned from the Kensington Market, BFG scene.
Vex Red are a band from Aldershot, England who merged hard rock with electronica.
Longstocking were a Los Angeles queercore-punk band.
The band was originally co-managed by Herbie Herbert and Louis "Lou" Bramy.
The clip fueled furthered rumors of Fugazi's breakup amid their hiatus, while adding speculation as to MacKaye's new musical direction.
It also contains a video for the track "Natio".
Most of the music was composed by guitarist Petar Todorov.
In 2003 they released a drum- and bass-influenced album called Jungle Tango, which included Ari Hoenig and Danton Boller.
An EP containing club mixes of select songs from the album was released on March 9, 2012.
The group run their own record label, Detelefunk, on which they release their own music and that of other artists.
The music itself is mostly avant-garde reworkings of rockabilly and rock 'n' roll standards.
This genre is called etnorock or folk rock in Swedish.
For live performances with Lennon and Ono, the band was known as the Plastic Ono Elephant's Memory Band.
Nu Pagadi was a German pop band, formed in December 2004 on the fourth season of international reality television program Popstars.
The band has gone through several lineup changes and vocalist Vincent Bennett is the only current original member.
Predominantly a power/speed metal band with heavy symphonic elements, they later gravitated towards a progressive sound with an emphasis on ballads.
Although the record received a generally muted critical reception, the band continued to tour in its support.
The band's eighth studio album, 21st Century Breakdown, was released in 2009 and achieved the band's best chart performance to date.
The Philosopher Kings are a Canadian band who were most commercially successful in the late 1990s.
They are one of many commercially successful Atlanta hip hop artists.
The band was dropped by Sony Records in 2010, and split shortly afterwards.
Lovex is a rock band from Tampere, Finland.
North of America is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 1997 in Halifax.
However, they have made songs available for purchase on their page on MySpace, and they are currently running a Kickstarter campaign to record a new album.
The band was composed of five members, and had seen only one member change.
The band released their Swedish Grammy-winning debut album Supershitty to the Max!
They released a new eponymous album in 2006 with this new spelling, consisting of 13 songs including both new and old material.
Over its short lifespan, the group featured a large number of members in its many different configurations.
Eldest sister Joy, and the twins, Teddie and Babs, comprised the trio.
Originally from Southern California, they moved to the Sodo/Capitol Hill area of Seattle, Washington.
Their self-proclaimed best effort was their last full-length recording that remains unreleased.
Their success led to work with Dis-n-Dat producing "Freak Me Baby" and 69 Boyz producing the double platinum single "Tootsee Roll".
Peelander-Z is a Japanese punk band based in New York City in 1998 by Peelander-Yellow, Peelander-Red and Peelander-Blue.
Hrsta is a Montreal post-rock band that records on Constellation Records.
Their last known lineup consists of Martin Schirenc, Danny Vacuum, and Mike G. Mayhem.
Fronted by guitarist Tim Henwood with members Sam Grayson, Matt Tomlinson and Marty Grech.
But four years of constant touring and personal strains within the group led to the band’s demise in early 2004.
The band toured the US on the strength of the album and at home they enjoyed a run of Australian Alternative No.
Their style is also shown in their covers of various rock classics in their cover albums My Fair Melodies and My Fair Melodies 2.
The name originates from the Greek roots νεκρο- nekro- and -φαγος -phagos.
Novelist Rick Moody has cited the band as one of his influences.
Some of the artists remixed by the two producers include Michael Jackson, Janet Jackson.
Current members are Henneman, Ortmann, John Horton and Keith Voegele.
After their first demo, lead vocalist Lajon Witherspoon and guitarist Clint Lowery joined the group.
The studio album, titled #Zeitgeist21 was released on July 3, 2013.
Kris Kross was an American hip hop duo formed in the early 1990s and consisting of Chris "Mac Daddy" Kelly and Chris "Daddy Mac" Smith.
The band was created as a side project by Chris Broach, of Braid notoriety, and his brother Riley Broach in 1996.
They had their first tour of the East Coast to sold-out venues.
In 2004, the Briefs went on a European tour without Lance Romance, who stayed behind to get his GED.
Notable fans of the band include Dave Grohl of Nirvana/Foo Fighters, who lists a show of Rights of the Accused as his first concert.
On 13 April 2010, breed announced on his forum that Bloodbound had decided to continue with another singer, ending his second tenure with the band.
Life's Blood performed alongside acts including Terror, Beyond, Judge, Project X, and Soulside before breaking up in 1989.
Their music fuses rock with a variety of Colombian and Latin American musical traditions.
Archaic words that are now rarely used are not uncommon.
Epica is also known for their wide use of orchestra and opera choirs.
The band name refers partly to Sai Baba, the Indian guru, and partly to The Jetsons, whose Spanish version is called Los Supersónicos.
The latter event was recorded and released on DVD in 2005.
[2] Another compilation, "Greatest Hits Volume 2" was released in 2006.
A studio album was also released in 2002 entitled Purple Onion.
The current line-up also includes longtime members Malcolm Jones, Iain Bayne, and more recently, Bruce Guthro, and Brian Hurren.
The band's current lineup includes Claude Morrison, Garth Mosbaugh, Gavin Hope and Tyrone Gabriel.
They formed in 1976 and disbanded in 1992 having released four albums.
Necrophagia is credited as one of the very first groups within the death metal genre, along with Possessed, Death and Obituary.
Their 2005 album From the Ground Up was the first to be promoted in Starbucks' Hear Music Series, created to discover and spotlight new music.
Kíla are an Irish folk music/world music group, originally formed in 1987 in the Irish language secondary school Coláiste Eoin in County Dublin.
Other top-ten singles include "One Step Ahead", "History Never Repeats", "Dirty Creature", and "Six Months in a Leaky Boat".
Their highest-peaking American single was 1996's "All You Ever Do Is Bring Me Down", a collaboration with accordionist Flaco Jiménez.
The Hoola Bandoola Band was a Swedish progg group from the 1970s whose political views leaned towards the left.
The duo derives its name from the first names of its two principals, Nadeem Akhtar Saifi and Shravan Kumar Rathod.
one of the four 1980s groups that founded a new tradition for rock music with lyrics in Norwegian.
Thus far, every album released by the band has been a concept album.
The group uses both death grunts and clean vocals and sporadically uses violin and other elements in its songs, considered mournful and bleak.
Crunt was an alternative rock band, active from 1993 to 1995.
Season's End are a British band based in Hampshire.
Their music is considered innovative, with its angular riffs and a synth-infused sound that predated the 80's revival fads of the early 2000s.
Jherek Bischoff's brother Korum was the drummer from the band's inception in 1999 through 2005.
Regarding the band, Ward has noted that: "I think it will always be “my” band.
The CA website is an extensive source of information on the band's output, both released and unreleased, with a number of tracks available for download.
In May 2016, they performed a secret show and then announced their reunion.
Soulhead is a Japanese urban contemporary/R&B duo consisting of sisters Yoshika Sawayama and Tsugumi Sawayama.
Many of their singles, such as "Bad Company", "Can't Get Enough", "Good Lovin' Gone Bad", and "Feel Like Makin' Love", remain staples of classic rock radio.
Some members regrouped as Star64 and released a CD called You May Be Beautiful that contained the songs that Angry Salad had already begun recording.
The band's currently recording their second album, "Birat Ha'Negev".
Both André and David-Ivar have also released numerous solo CDs.
Safety Scissors is Matthew Patterson Curry, a minimal techno artist born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
In 2011 in a different outfit Majke put a new album out entitled "Teške boje" which consists of 10 brand new songs.
In 2002 MC Raw was replaced by Cyriel Brandon, better known by his stage name "RTSier", due to health reasons.
The members of Four Voices have stated that their name is meant to be a reference to their former membership in the choir.
Tha Dogg Pound then got back together as a group and released Dillinger & Young Gotti II in November 2005.
They were joined in 1998 by Stephanie Ashworth on bass guitar and backing vocals.
The Chiffons were an American all-girl group originating from the Bronx area of New York in 1960.
Ugly Casanova is an American indie rock band carried on Sub Pop Records.
In 2003 Katafalk performed on the Wâldrock festival.
The group released one single, "I Like It", originally recorded and included in the soundtrack for the 1994 film I Like It Like That.
The DeFranco Family, featuring Tony DeFranco, was a 1970s pop music group and family from Port Colborne, Ontario, Canada.
The name of the band is the Irish word for done or made.
Les Nubians is a Grammy-nominated French duo composed of sisters Hélène and Célia Faussart from Paris, France.
It has been identified typically as an abbreviation of "Parliament-Funkadelic."
Reaching a peak in popularity in the early 80s, the band has continued a long-running successful career.
The group performed many international hits including "You're a Woman", "Pretty Young Girl", "I Wanna Hear Your Heartbeat", and "Come Back and Stay".
Re-Flex were a British new wave/synthpop band active from 1981 to 1985.
After an extensive search LandonHell was drafted in to fill the void.
The musical was nominated for three Tony Awards: Best Musical, Best Scenic Design and Best Lighting Design, losing only the first.
The band originally consisted of the duo, the lead singer Franca Morgano and the American rapper A.K.-S.W.I.F.T..
They have released four albums and two live mini-albums, and had a top ten hit with "Nothing" in 2002.
Efterklang is an indie rock group from Copenhagen, Denmark, formed in December 2000.
The band released their 11th and latest studio album Brand New Days in February 2015.
The Fray achieved national success with their first single, "Over My Head", which became a top ten hit in the United States.
After being signed to Matador Records for nine years, Matmos signed with Thrill Jockey in 2012.
The group's fourth album, Love is War, was released in May 2006.
The two debuted on Lord Finesse's Funky Technician album in 1990.
Except for Mozart all other founding members left the band, but he is still influential to the music of Umbra and Imago.
Sister Machine Gun is an industrial rock band based in Chicago.
It took some time before the album was completely ready.
They disbanded in 1987, subsequently reforming briefly in 1993 to support Guns N' Roses on an Australian tour.
However, after recording their eponymous debut album, Ristovski left and the remaining quartet recorded their subsequent albums with various keyboard players before disbanding in 1981.
Wicked Lester's music featured elements of rock and roll, folk rock and pop.
The 1976–1978 Babys line-up consisted of keyboardist/guitarist Michael Corby, vocalist/bassist John Waite, drummer Tony Brock and guitarist Wally Stocker.
The band's membership has changed many times since the early 1990's, with Rose and keyboardist Dizzy Reed as the only two constant members since 1990.
Their first major hit was the 2003 single "Where Is the Love?"
The band finished the brief reunion with two shows in London and tours in the USA and Japan in 2010.
Various line-ups continued touring and recording throughout the last half of the century to a small and devoted following.
Shockabilly was a band which included Eugene Chadbourne on guitar and vocals, Mark Kramer on bass guitar and organ, and David Licht on drums.
They charted with the single “Drawer" in the U.S., while "Should I Walk Away" reached the Top 10 in Japan.
They were formed in 1988 by Justin Broadrick and G. C. Green and disbanded in 2002.
After Lava Hay broke up in 1994, Gould formed the band Taste of Joy and Little released material as a solo artist.
Nazrey Johani resigned from Raihan and was replaced by Nordin Jaafar.
After a successful period of collaboration with Dixon and promotion by Scepter, with seven top 20 hits, the Shirelles left Scepter in 1966.
While the family name is Staples, the group used "Staple" commercially.
They are currently signed to EMI Finland.
Throughout their career, they covered such bands as Antidote, Black Randy and the Metro Squad, 7 Seconds, Negative Approach, and Agnostic Front.
In October 2016 after a long break the band released their new album called Fear of Angst.
Twilight Circus is becoming increasingly popular and well known for Moore's work with artists such as Big Youth, Michael Rose of Black Uhuru and Ranking Joe.
They have gone through many line-up changes, leaving bassist/vocalist Tom Angelripper as the only constant member.
Band members continued playing with their other respective groups—The Black Seeds, TrinityRoots, Bongmaster, and others—for much of their 13-year career.
They are also considered one of the leaders of the Second British Invasion of the United States.
Additionally, the song "Meatball Sandwich" was co-written and recorded with Joey Ramone.
BaBa ZuLa is a Turkish alternative musical group, founded in Istanbul in 1996.
Dae Bennett went on to become a recording engineer.
Their eighth studio album, Car Alarm, was released in October 2008.
The members are Sebastian Tesch, Adam Kammerland and Anders Ekert.
At that point the band reverted their name to The Devotchkas but split up soon after.
The album, Really Livin', was recorded under the name of Ragga Muffin Rascals.
The World Bank is an international financial institution that provides loans to countries of the world for capital programs.
Their third album was released in 2012, their comeback single "Turn It Around" was released in 2013.
They were active between 1971 and 1989, releasing more than twenty albums as well as six singles.
Formed in the mid 1980s, founding members Matthew Love and Mary Wyer were later joined by Rob Irwin Anita Rayner, Paul Clarke and Julian Knowles.
The members have never all lived in the same city and thus play infrequently, except for an occasional tour.
Five more studio albums were released between 2001 with New World and 2005 with Need Your Love.
marked a significant departure from the sound of the band's debut.
Balkandji is a folk metal band from Bulgaria.
Tchort was also the bass player in Emperor in the early 1990s and has been involved with bands like Carpathian Forest and Einherjer.
Sonic Youth was an American rock band from New York City, formed in 1981.
But C. F. "Fred" Turner was added shortly after as bassist for the supporting concerts.
Although outside the mainstream, LPD have released more than 40 albums, have a devoted worldwide following, and tour frequently.
This album, tentatively entitled Mother Primeval, should be released in the first half of 2015.
Arch Enemy is a Swedish melodic death metal band, originally a supergroup, from Halmstad, formed in 1996.
By the late 1970s the collective had grown to include dozens of musicians recording and touring under many different group names and solo projects.
The band were one of the most successful ska bands of the 2 Tone era, notching up several top forty singles in the British charts.
The group's current musical directors are Joan Kimball and Robert Wiemken.
Eloy is a German progressive rock band, whose musical style includes symphonic and space rock, the latter theme being more prevalent on earlier albums.
Animotion is an American synthpop band from Los Angeles, California best known for their songs "Obsession", "Let Him Go", "I Engineer", and "Room to Move".
In the press release Stuck Mojo also announce the addition of two new members, Robby J. Fonts and Len Sonnier.
The Wynona Riders are an East Bay pop punk band formed in 1988 as Miss Conduct by Jim Tyler, Eric Matson, Ron Murphy and Mike Lipari.
The Folk Implosion was an American indie rock/lo-fi band founded in the early 1990s by Lou Barlow and John Davis.
The band's third album was finally issued soon afterward; titled Third/Sister Lovers, it found limited commercial success.
All five of their studio albums have peaked at number-one on the ARIA Albums Chart: Frogstomp, Freak Show, Neon Ballroom, Diorama and Young Modern.
But two other compositions, the title track and "Kicker," are more traditional fusion pieces.
At first, the band's name was "Light's", but Kitagawa disliked it, so they changed the name to "Yuzu".
The Vampyre EP reigned at the top of the Australian independent charts for over 40 weeks, while the band toured constantly in support.
Alisha's Attic were an English duo group of the 1990s and early 2000s.
Bad Brains have released nine studio albums.
Lead vocal duties are shared between Leaman and McMicken, with all members contributing harmonies.
Recruiting Frank Noon, Ronnie Kayfield and Paul Raymond, Waysted signed to Chrysalis Records and released Vices in 1983.
The group consisted of three sisters: contralto LaVerne Sophia, soprano Maxene Angelyn, and mezzo-soprano Patricia Marie "Patty".
Their first album was 1979's Live at the Counter Eurovision, a record full of Rastafarian songs.
However, Billy Hilfiger was later diagnosed with and died of brain cancer.
Vices are usually associated with a transgression in a person's character or temperament rather than their morality.
It reached the third place on the same list.
Formed in 1996, the band released three EPs and one full-length album from 1996-2003.
The group did a different arrangement of "Desde La Vida".
Holy Soldier were a Christian hard rock band from Los Angeles, California.
Spastic Ink was a progressive metal band from the United States.
Cold has gone through several line-up changes leaving vocalist Scooter Ward and drummer Sam McCandless as the only constant members.
Die in Cries was a Japanese visual kei rock band of the 1990s, whose members have all played in other prominent bands.
1 chart hits "Make It Easy on Yourself" and "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine", both of which also made the US top 20.
The Mahones are a Canadian Irish punk band, formed on St. Patrick's Day in 1990, in Kingston.
An album containing music from the soundtrack, entitled No Man's Sky: Music for an Infinite Universe, was released in August 2016.
They perform on stage and appear in color-coordinated costumes, which they state are not costumes, but their skin.
In November 2006, the band announced they would play several shows in the summer of 2007 in Europe, including Wacken Open Air.
2007's The Meanest of Times made its debut at No.
Avenged Sevenfold is known for its diverse rock sound and dramatic imagery in album covers and merchandise.
They are often grouped as part of a Britrock movement, running alongside Britpop.
The movie stars Jamie Foxx, Gabriel Byrne, Thandie Newton, Sylvester Stallone and Melanie Griffith.
Their last three albums each won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album.
The Glove was a 1983 musical collaboration and recording project by the Cure's Robert Smith and Siouxsie and the Banshees' Steven Severin.
Assjack are an American rock band led by Hank Williams III and Garrett Bremer.
The quartet borrowed the name from Michigan J. Frog, the singing frog in the 1955 Merrie Melodies short One Froggy Evening.
DJ Mark Luv was the group's first disc jockey, followed by producer J-Swift and then J Dilla.
After disbanding in 1990, the group reformed in August 2014 to play a benefit show in North Carolina.
Lano and Woodley were one of Australia's most successful Australian comedy duos of the 1990s and 2000s.
The band was inducted into the Long Island Music Hall of Fame in 2010.
Members of the quartet teach at the Curtis Institute of Music, Mannes, Juilliard, Queens College, and the Bard College Conservatory of Music.
Astra Heights is an alternative rock band originally from Houston, Texas.
Sidi Bou Said's debut album was produced by Tim Friese-Greene.
Leftfield are a British electronic music group formed in 1989.
It is considered by many as the most influential and successful Latin American band of all time with over 40 million albums sold worldwide.
Formed in 1991, the band's original members were Dave Kirchgessner, Mike McKendrick, Colin Clive, and Anthony Vilchez.
The Byrds  were an American rock band, formed in Los Angeles, California in 1964.
J. J. Fad is an American female rap group from Rialto, California, a city in the Inland Empire east of Los Angeles.
"Devil's Gun" was the first record played at the opening of Studio 54 by DJ Richie Kaczor.
Eggstone's songs, light and poppy on the surface, disguise great subtlety in their conception and execution.
Fronted by award-winning poet Lourd de Veyra, the band has released four albums.
Like their contemporaries Fat Freddy's Drop, TrinityRoots formed a loyal fan base through live performances and word of mouth.
The group has also had numerous lineup changes, and now performs under the group name of Da Mafia 6ix.
Lunatic Calm were an English electronic music group formed in 1996.
Wellwater Conspiracy featured Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron and ex-Monster Magnet guitarist John McBain.
The band has reformed periodically, and in 1995 they were inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame.
They have independently released an EP and three full-length albums since 2003, the latest being Two Strangers released in October 2010.
They originally formed the band while in college in Chiba, Japan.
The band's lyrics encapsulate the common experiences of the everyman, and are set to rousing and searing rock 'n' roll.
The group performs both nationally and internationally, at private venues, colleges, and high schools alike.
After four successful album releases, including a final "best of" album after a United States tour, the band effectively dissolved in 2003.
Longtime Skatalites trumpeter Nathan Breedlove also played on the album, but he did not tour with Mephiskapheles.
"Versión Original", their next album, is an homage to some of their favourite songs, especially dedicated to their Latin influences.
Brotherhood of Man are a British pop group who achieved success in the 1970s.
They have been compared to such different acts as Kraftwerk, Wagner, Goblin, Terry Riley, Steve Reich, Sigur Rós, the Glitter Band, Stereolab and Trans Am.
He won the Knowledge Magazine award for Best International Producer in 2001.
Mystery Jets are an English indie rock band, formerly based on Eel Pie Island in Twickenham, London.
This resulted in the group being stripped of their Grammy Award for Best New Artist.
Their second through fifth albums are all certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
La Secta AllStar is the most prominent rock en Español band from Puerto Rico.
Further hits followed throughout the 1980s and into the 1990s, including "Being Boiled", "Mirror Man", "Fascination", "The Lebanon", "Human" and "Tell Me When".
Tanpopo, formed in November 1998, was the first official subgroup of Japanese pop idol girl group Morning Musume.
The band's name was later changed to Red Alert.
Gang of Four are an English post-punk group, formed in 1977 in Leeds.
Their most notable feat took place in March 1988, when they recorded tracks for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 program.
The brothers wrote and performed secular country music, as well as fire and brimstone Gospel music.
Flying Saucer Attack is an English experimental space rock band that formed in Bristol, England in 1992.
Berman remained throughout and was the only constant member.
Racher left in 1998 and was replaced by Paul Roe, under whose influence the band took a more rock-orientated direction.
Firewind later became a full band over three years later when they recorded their debut album, Between Heaven and Hell.
The band is known for playing the songs differently each time.
Their eighth studio album Kintsugi, the last to feature Walla, was released on March 31, 2015.
By 2000, the duo had gained a reputation around Pittsburgh for its concerts.
An interesting listen, but doubtless a disappointment to early fans of the group expecting more death/thrash metal.
The Fixx are a rock and new wave band formed in London in 1979.
The album's lead single "Get Lucky" became an international success, peaking on top 10 charts in 32 countries.
Änglagård is a Swedish progressive rock band, with influences including King Crimson, Genesis, Gentle Giant, Trettioåriga Kriget, Schicke Führs Fröhling, and Van der Graaf Generator.
Wintersleep is a Canadian indie rock band based in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Cozad, as they are commonly known, are southern style pow-wow and gourd drum, and have released several albums.
The band's sixth album, entitled Beggars, was released on August 11, 2009, and their seventh, Major/Minor on September 20, 2011.
Burlap to Cashmere is a contemporary Christian world music band formed in the 1990s by John Philippidis and Steven Delopoulos.
The band went on a six-year hiatus in 2010.
High kings can be chosen by lesser rulers through elections, or be put into power by force through conquest of weaker kingdoms.
Cherish the Ladies is an American all-female super group.
Their eclectic sound combines different elements of several genres and has been described by Kerrang!
At the end of 1996 they toured throughout Europe with Cathedral and label mates, My Dying Bride.
After initially disbanding in 1996, and having a brief reformation in 2005, they issued their first release in more than five years in 2010.
The Concretes are a Swedish indie pop band from Stockholm, composed of eight members.
Les Rallizes Dénudés were a Japanese rock band.
They have been hailed as one of the most important groups to come out of the mangue beat movement in the 1990s.
Los Shakers were a popular rock band in 1960s and was a part of the Uruguayan Invasion in Latin America.
The Avalanches are an Australian electronic music group, formed in Melbourne in 1997.
It also sold out as they did a 24 date tour of the UK in December.
An album of unreleased material, demos, and remixes entitled Sex Music was released in 2007.
Session Road is an alternative rock band from the Philippines.
Bondi had already left Chicago by the time AoF disbanded in 1985; In This Life was issued two years later.
The St. Lunatics are a hip hop group from St. Louis Missouri, United States, formed in 1993.
On November 25, 2008, the band has released an unmastered rough mix of the song "The Dawn Became Their Pride" from the upcoming album.
Royer formed the band after he and former Social Distortion original member Rikk Agnew, left the original Mike Ness Social Distortion crew.
The first album, Earthquake, was released in 1979 and features guitarist/vocalist Roth, bassist Ule Ritgen and drummer Clive Edwards.
They released new material in 2007, and released limited fanbase album "The Secret Sessions" in October 2016.
The vinyl credits both Claudio Sanchez and his wife Chondra Echert as "The Prize Fighter Inferno".
Gang of Four are widely considered one of the leading bands of the late 1970s/early 1980s post-punk movement.
In 2003, Komety released their début album on Jimmy Jazz Records .
The Desert Rose Band is a US country rock band from California founded by Chris Hillman along with Herb Pedersen and John Jorgenson in 1985.
Sugarland was founded in 2002 by Kristen Hall with Bush and became a trio after hiring Jennifer Nettles as lead vocalist.
They are seen as one of the cornerstones of the ’90s emo movement and remain very influential in modern emo.
The clinic operates on a volunteer basis,with supplies and medicines purchased through grants and donations.
The Jimi Hendrix Experience was an American-English rock band that formed in Westminster, London, in September 1966.
MCV wears the uniform prescribed by the U.S. Continental Army's clothing warrants of 1779.
The Undertones remain the most successful band to have emerged from Derry, and one of the most successful bands to have emerged from Northern Ireland.
Some local record shops that helped promote the band with their tape distribution were: Bionic Records, Vinyl Solution and Noise, Noise, Noise.
Shortly thereafter, Chris Bell was killed in a car accident at the age of 27.
On a 2009 tour with Dinosaur Jr, Watson and Morales performed without Watt under the moniker lou barlow + the missingmen.
Their fourth album, The Incredible Machine was released on October 19, 2010 in both a standard and deluxe edition.
Tommy James and the Shondells are an American rock band, formed in Niles, Michigan in 1960.
They have also performed as a Ramones tribute band under the name The Osaka Ramones.
The band first came together in 1991 under the name "CK's", with a four-member lineup: Ken Yokoyama, Keiichi Hiroishi, Masao Onose and Shinya Horaguchi.
It has released ten studio albums featuring Chris Impellitteri's speed/shred style of playing.
Dub Trio is a dub/rock cross-over band from Brooklyn, New York City, New York.
Helstar is an American heavy metal band from Houston, Texas, formed in 1982 by guitarist Larry Barragan.
The band left the label, and shortly thereafter drummer Atom Willard departed the group.
The band's members were vocalist Jason Brown, guitarist Luke McDonald, bass player Sean Van Gennip, and drummer Dane Brown.
Later that year, the group released its debut First Issue, featuring an abrasive, bass-heavy sound and drawing on elements of dub, noise, and progressive rock.
Tenacious D's music showcases Black's theatrical vocal delivery and Gass' acoustic guitar playing abilities.
Two of their singles have reached the ARIA top 20: "Monsters" and "Déjà Vu".
In 1997 the duo appeared on Warren G's second album "Take a Look Over Your Shoulder" on the track "We Brings Heat".
They are noted for intricate vocal harmonies by the band's multiple singers.
Their most recent self-titled album was released on High Dive Records.
Some better-known Savuka songs include "Asimbonanga", and "Third World Child", from their 1987 album of the same name.
The Departure was an English rock band from Northampton, formed in October 2003.
The video also raised the topic of the tin foil hat in a dramatic musical interpretation style.
Orchestra of Skin and Bone were an Australian post-punk band who were active during the 1980s.
Rich Kids were a short-lived new wave band from London, founded in 1977 by Glen Matlock following his departure from Sex Pistols.
They reunited in 2014 and released No Cities to Love on January 20, 2015.
Koike is also known as an actor and can play the harmonica.
It consisted of Chris Johnston, Scott Owens, Tim Marzorati and Rob Dickey.
Members included vocalist and guitar player A. P. Thompson, vocalist and harmonica player Bob Cranford, vocalist and banjo player Paul Miles, and fiddler Guy Brooks.
Zard's work was sold under the record label B-Gram Records, Inc. Their most popular and successful songs are "Makenaide", "Yureru Omoi", and "My Friend".
Their current lineup consists of just Robbie Chater and Tony Di Blasi with most of the original line-up leaving under acrimonious circumstances.
Blue October is an American alternative rock band originally from Houston, Texas.
Haircut One Hundred are a British new wave/jazz-funk group formed in 1980 in Beckenham, London by Nick Heyward.
Notable examples of light-hitting, defensive specialists were; Ray Schalk, Jim Hegan, Jim Sundberg and Brad Ausmus.
From that point on, they reached mainstream success in Chile, then in Peru.
McNabb later convened a revised line-up of the band in 2006 to play live shows; this revised Icicle Works line-up still plays sporadic live dates.
One of the members, Eso, released a single entitled "Sunny Days".
The music could be typified as "heavy country rock", and possibly as a rowdier version of ZZ Top or Status Quo.
This was followed in 2008 by Echoes, an album composed entirely of covers, and 2010's Andromeda, the band's first release to consist entirely of original material.
The Decemberists are an American indie rock band from Portland, Oregon.
The Ghetto Brothers, especially in their early years, had a reputation as one of the more politically minded and less vengeful of New York-area gangs.
However, several things set them apart from their contemporaries.
In 2014, the band was declared as the Biggest Rock Band in the World Right Now by Kerrang!.
Initially associated with the English punk rock scene, the band rapidly evolved to create "a form of post-punk discord full of daring rhythmic and sonic experimentation".
The New Waver world view extends the survival of the fittest theory to the social ladder present in modern urban/suburban culture.
It is run by Evil of Marduk, but the band was formed in 1989 by IT.
Where "Starfall" and "Astronomy" are two separate albums, "Under the Grey Banner" continues the story of their first two albums.
The band's fourth offering Eternal, was released April 13, 2010, produced by cc from As I Lay Dying.
During their lengthy recording career, the band have released nine studio albums, one live album, two EPs, and three cover albums.
The Vengaboys are a Dutch Eurodance group based in Rotterdam.
The band has become well known because of their live shows.
Jimmy and the Boys were an Australian shock rock and new wave band, active from 1976 to 1982.
The band played their final show on 17 December 2008.
The group's singular album, Enjoy the Ride, was released that year.
They are perhaps best known for their Top 10 single from 1964, a cover of the Beach Boys' "Little Honda".
Members of the group were longtime friends and neighbors.
Barlow acts as the group's lead singer and primary songwriter, with Owen and Williams initially providing backing vocals and Donald and Orange serving primarily as dancers.
The band has changed various changes in its line-up with more recent joiners including Hugo Alvarstein, Eivind Staxrud and Hågen Rørmark.
Many of them were banned, but those which were released became national hits.
This song became a #14 hit single in the UK Singles Chart when released in December 1988, making Münchener Freiheit a one-hit wonder there.
Their fifth studio album, Gone, reached the Top 50 ARIA Albums Chart.
This is a list of singles that have peaked in the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 during 1986.
Centro-matic released Distance and Clime on Idol in 2001 and "Love You Just the Same" on Misra in 2003.
Cólera is a Brazilian punk rock band formed in October 1979 in São Paulo, by the brothers Redson and Pierre and their friend Val.
As a result, they altered their name to Pilot Speed.
The band was formed in Hawaii in 1994 and signed to Cleopatra Records in the following year.
Bodyjar released six studio albums, Take a Look Inside, Rimshot!, No Touch Red, How It Works, Plastic Skies and Bodyjar, before disbanding in September 2009.
The act's first and only album to date, Fate of a Dreamer, was recorded in 2001, when van der Veen was just 14 years old.
It became the fastest-selling album of the 21st century and the second fastest-selling album in British history.
Cake is an American alternative rock band from Sacramento, California.
DJ Maj has released several mixtapes, as well as three solo albums: BoogiRoot, Speckled Goats and Speckled Goats II.
Current members of the group include Metty the DertMerchant, Mos Eisley, DJ Itchy Ron, Mr. Marmalade, Conscience, and Dusty Melodica.
DJ Petrov and DJ Rob left to pursue individual work.
Ensemble is a leading American group dedicated to the performance of contemporary classical music.
Since then, the Nude girls have toured extensively.
Ivey serves as the group's songwriter and leader, performing vocals and various instruments.
They have performed classic Irish songs, such as "Bó na Leathadhairce", "Báidín Fheilimí", "Peigí Leitir Móir" and "Beidh Aonach Amárach".
In 2007, with the release of their Best of The Indigo 2000-2006 as a chance to do so, The Indigo will focus on their solo projects.
Satyr and Frost have been the band's core members since 1993.
Both founding members have enjoyed considerable success with their respective subsequent projects: Sonic Boom/Spectrum and Spiritualized.
The band is notable for their fusion of styles, ironic lyrics, intentionally humorous personae, and outrageous live performances.
However, with the beginning of the 2010s, the band seems to have gotten back on track.
Kallio temporarily quit the band in the spring of 1972, being replaced by guitarist Pekka "Albert" Järvinen who was part of the band's most famous line-up.
Babyland was a performance-based "independent electronic junk punk" band from Los Angeles, California, featuring Dan Gatto performing vocals and electronics and Michael Smith on percussion.
Later that year, they released their first studio album, Empty.
Phil Nicolo's early credits include the Hooters, Nighthawks and Willie Nile.
Ride announced their second reunion in November 2014.
Lazlo Hollyfeld is an American art rock band from Buffalo, New York.
The band then moved to More Music and released their first full length album, I.Q.
Macleod was impressed by the vocal talents of Vancouver rock singer Denise McCann, and asked her to join his new venture.
The group started as a San Francisco Bay Area nightclub act with an original lineup of Dave Guard, Bob Shane, and Nick Reynolds.
The band and its sister act Parliament, both led by George Clinton, pioneered the funk music culture of that decade.
It has a current membership of 24,000 and holds a yearly international singing competition.
At the "orange revolution" Perkalaba were also a mainspring and the band was facing their new future.
Blood, Sweat & Tears is a contemporary jazz-rock American music group.
The Washington Post has described the sound as "what happens when post-hardcore becomes post-post-hardcore."
Tons of Fun University, also known as T.O.F.U., are historically rooted in poetry slam.
They have more than 40 aliases for their recordings, including Hi_Tack, DJ Disco and Drunkenmunky.
Koyote is a South Korean dance and hip hop group consisting of members Kim Jong-min, Shin Ji, and Bbaek Ga.
The Moody Blues are an English rock band.
In 1986, her friend Roger Fife, a guitarist, asked her to sing on a demo tape which was then sent to Red Flame Records in London.
They released three albums as Smoosh, and have produced two further EPs and several singles as Chaos Chaos.
The band were lauded by BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel recording two Peel Sessions in 1995 and 1998.
Lead singer João Benedan is a former well-known VJ on MTV Brasil and later worked at Rede Record in a comedy TV show called: "Legendários".
They released their sole album This Is Not a Dream in 1992.
They were last active in 2013 before Prince made a return to music with 3rdeyegirl as his backing band.
Their style was post-punk/new wave, but was more art rock than synth pop.
The Del Fuegos were a 1980s garage-style rock band.
It led to me becoming a stronger producer for BTO."
Though their 1989 debut album Blood, Sweat and No Tears was a moderate success, Sick of It All did not achieve commercial success until later albums.
Before 1970 the band was known under the name Liavony.
In the USA, from 1990 to 1994, he was music director of the Orchestra of St. Luke's.
Catania and Cullen penned the theme song for 2011's Food for Thought with Claire Thomas on the ABC network.
It was founded in the second quarter of 2004 with Sayumi Michishige and Rika Ishikawa as members.
The band released its third and final album, Twelve Small Steps, One Giant Disappointment on November 14, 2006 on Fat Wreck Chords.
They are champagne and caviar, Newport Beach and Rolls Royce."
They were founded by Dom Mariani in late 1983.
The band immortalized its fight with the PMRC on the song "Harder, Faster" from their 1987 live album, Live...In the Raw.
In May 2016, the new line-up is presented with Ali Kalaña and Naty Penadas and Pako as the only continuous member.
The band was formed in 1992 by Helen Love with Sheena, Roxy, and Mark.
Supergroove is a New Zealand funk rock music group.
did not perform at all but at times sang harmony and background vocals and, once in a while, lead vocal.
The band began publishing a monthly series of 23 live albums in 1986, but stopped without explanation after only 17.
In February 2008, several sources reported that the band would be touring as an opening act for the reunited Green Jellÿ.
The band has released five studio albums, one live album and six EP's as well as splits with Screeching Weasel and The Queers.
In 2009, Rolling Stone readers voted the group the second-best artist of the 2000s.
Their final studio album, Synchronicity, was No.
David Pearce was the core member of the group, and Rachel Brook was a member for most of the band's lifetime.
The band achieved commercial success with an instrumental rearrangement of Leonard Bernstein's "America", following which O'List left the group.
Bonerama released their debut album in 2001, to positive reviews from OffBeat magazine, Gambit Weekly, and The Times Picayune.
They were also active in the Rock in Opposition movement in 1979.
They released four albums before breaking up in 2003.
Several international affiliate organizations, in countries around the world, add their own flavor to the signature sound of barbershop harmony.
The founding members of the group are siblings Sheumas, Kyle, Stewart, and Lucy MacNeil.
After signing with Razor & Tie in 2012 the group released its fourth album Apocryphon, which was promoted worldwide on the Apocryphon Tour.
They are well known for their single "Move Your Feet", released in 2002, which gained worldwide success in 2003, notably in the UK.
Mojave 3 are a British band, consisting of Neil Halstead, Rachel Goswell, Simon Rowe, Alan Forrester, and Ian McCutcheon.
The band consists of vocalist and keyboardist Spencer Albee, bassist Haché Horchatta, guitarist Zach Jones and drummer Andrew Hodgkins.
Evoken left Avantgarde Music of Italy after releasing two albums with the label and signed to I Hate Records of Sweden in January 2007.
Their songs have also been used as opening songs for Sumomomo Momomo and Kyouran Kazoku Nikki.
Duncan Haigh joined briefly as a live drummer, but was eventually replaced by Tom Egg as the band's first permanent drummer.
The band toured extensively and released several videos in support of these albums.
The trio had great success from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.
Burning Sensations was a short-lived Los Angeles area rock band.
In 1995, Kate O'Brien married Paul McSherry of Tamalin.
The band's song "Modigliani" was featured in the 1987 John Hughes film Planes, Trains & Automobiles as well as in the Miami Vice episode, "God's Work".
Villalon, along with "Geo" left the project after seven years to go on and do other projects.
In June 2011, one of the Karlstad transit buses was named after the group.
Unifying past language barriers, the band has performed in many strange places throughout the world and put out a handful of albums to a positive response.
The band has been mentioned in French, German, and Italian magazine articles.
Singer, songwriter, and guitarist Jimi Hendrix, bassist and backing vocalist Noel Redding, and drummer Mitch Mitchell comprised the group, which was active until June 1969.
Mobb Deep was an American hip hop duo from the Queensbridge Houses in New York City.
Bliss n Eso are an Australian hip hop trio based in Sydney, and were originally known as Bliss n' Esoterikizm for their debut EP The Arrival.
Midnight Star is an American group that had a string of hits in the 1980s.
Jonzun Crew was an electro and early funk–hip hop group that was active in the 1980s.
Bambir is an Armenian rock band from Gyumri.
They regularly perform onstage with the Washington Christmas Revels.
They are best known for their hit single "Laffy Taffy", which peaked at #1 on the U.S.
78 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums; its single, "Pyromaniax", reached No.
The band consists of Dee Kesler, Chavo Fraser and Jason Gonzales.
The film includes cameos by George Segal, David Cronenberg, author Maynard, and screenwriter Henry.
The Band resumed touring in 1983 without guitarist Robertson, who had found success with a solo career and as a Hollywood music producer.
1 position on the Billboard 200 chart.
Razorlight are an English indie rock band formed in 2002 by lead singer and rhythm guitarist Johnny Borrell.
The LA Scots, the only pipe band in the United States who compete at the grade one level, have competed at this level since 1998.
Greenwheel was an American alternative rock band formed by friends Ryan Jordan, Brandon Armstrong, Andrew Dwiggins, Douglas Randall, and Marc Wanninger in November 1998.
The term "garage rock" came into favor in the early 1980s.
Starchildren was a side project of The Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan.
The Rascalz are a Canadian hip-hop group from Vancouver, British Columbia, who played a crucial role in the artistic and commercial development of Canadian hip hop.
Blood Red Throne started in 1998 when Død and Tchort, decided to form their own band and show their passion for death metal.
The most recent Ralph's World album is on BarNone Records.
So far they have released four studio albums, an EP and a number of singles and remixes, all on Modular Recordings.
Steely Dan is an American jazz rock band whose music also blends elements of crossover jazz, latin music, blue-eyed soul, R&B, boogie, and pop.
When the Arrows broke up in 1978 both singers were looking for new projects.
Finitribe was a dance band from Edinburgh, Scotland.
Die Ärzte is a punk band from Berlin.
Their first album, Moonastray, was a split with Black Altar, released in 2002 by Odium Records, exclusively in Poland.
Motörhead released 23 studio albums, 10 live recordings, 12 compilation albums, and five EPs over a career spanning 40 years.
The band was founded in the early days of emo by singer-guitarist Christopher Crisci and guitarist Aaron Pillar, and quickly grew to fame.
The band espoused an anti-fascist and socialist working class philosophy, and have been associated with the skinhead subculture.
On May 31, 2006, Yōsuke Ichikawa and Asami Tomaru left the band.
The Feelies were influenced by the Velvet Underground and Lou Reed.
The band is currently composed of Jim Creeggan, Kevin Hearn, Ed Robertson, and Tyler Stewart.
They released four records on the Comm3, Twintone and Rough Trade labels.
Trytan was a Christian progressive / glam metal / hard rock band from Chicago, Illinois, musically similar to Rush.
Wacken Open Air and Tuska Open Air.
Their final self-titled album was released through Golf Records in 2007.
The group performed at almost every major club in Los Angeles county before disbanding in 1987.
They have played several concerts in various Canadian cities, and are again active as a group.
An enhanced Save Me is now being distributed through Kirtland with the radio single "Must Have Been Love".
Drive Like Jehu is an American post-hardcore band from San Diego active from 1990 to 1995.
They have also released a split record on Load Records with Viki.
Their music combines many genres of music, including jazz, southern blues, bluegrass, neoclassical, eastern European folk music, and avant-garde.
The group was formed in Toronto in 1985 by Margo Timmins, Michael Timmins, Peter Timmins and Alan Anton.
Slobberbone is an American alt-country band from Denton, Texas, led by singer-songwriter Brent Best, Jess Barr, Tony Harper, and Brian Lane.
There they met Ryan Lewis, co-founder of Kindercore Records, who played drums at the first Masters of the Hemisphere show.
After selling the finished record to Atlantic/WEA, the label shed half of its roster during a merge with Elektra Records, including Apartment 26.
This incarnation of the group was centred on a 15-man instrumental and vocal group.
The Ian Gillan Band were an English jazz-rock fusion band formed by Deep Purple singer Ian Gillan in 1975.
Altogether, they have released 16 studio albums, with worldwide sales topping 15 million records.
The Soft Pink Truth is an experimental house music side-project from Drew Daniel, one-half of experimental electronica duo Matmos.
Chokebore is an American indie rock band formed in the early 1990s in Honolulu, Hawaii, and subsequently based in Los Angeles, California.
The group was ranked number 57 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".
The Grates' fourth album, Dream Team, was recorded with new drummer, Richard Daniell.
They regularly appear at major UK music festivals, including Glastonbury Festival, Reading Festival, Wickerman Festival and Rebellion Festival, and several smaller ones.
Oliver Chesler, better known by his stage name The Horrorist, is an American electronic music artist from New York City.
The line-up includes Rich Collins, Scott Durbin, Dave Poche, and Scott "Smitty" Smith.
In 2017, Loudwire named X Japan the Best Metal Band from Japan.
They were among the first acts signed to Factory Records by label founder Tony Wilson.
They have recently completed a series of three concept albums which focus on the theological aspects of God, Satan and man's relationship with the two.
National Skyline is an American alternative rock band formed in late 1996 by Jeff Dimpsey of Hum.
Their music features Yoik or juoiggus, a traditional Sami form of song.
The band released its second album Transmit Disrupt independently, before signing a deal with Burning Heart Records, who subsequently re-released it in 2006.
The band often claims their name originated from the phrase "Demon teds are go!"
The group has performed over 1,000 concerts and sold 5,000,000 albums to date.
There was also another memorable performance, in front of a crowd of 40,000 people, at the Festival do Sudoeste Portuguese summer music festival, in 2005.
Love as Laughter released several singles and one album on K Records titled "The Greks Bring Gifts."
The Beaux Arts Trio was a noted piano trio, celebrated for their vivacity, emotional depth and wide-ranging repertoire.
Majesty Crush was an American indie rock band which belonged to the shoegazing genre popularized in the UK in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Masters of the Hemisphere are an American indie pop group, founded by Bren Mead and Sean Rawls.
The Shys are a five piece indie rock band from Southern California, Their current line-up consists of Kyle Krone, Chris Wulff, Riley Stephenson, and Ryan Hansen.
Avery joined in 2004 with the trios debut at the 2004 Vancouver Folk Music Festival.
Their name has many supposed origins, the most popular stating that it is derived from an anti-skateboarding measure on the ballots in Concord, California.
In March 2012 the band returned to electrified performance as part of 35 Denton, a festival Flemmons founded and spent many years organizing.
In search of a female singer, they found Teresa Salgueiro in one of Lisbon's night clubs.
In the Spring of 2002, Your Enemies Friends began the touring schedule that would keep them out for the next 19 months.
Leyers had previous experience in the rock group Beri-Beri, while Michiels had experience in the British rock group Octopus and as a solo artist.
In April 2016 the band released Charismo on Free Dirt Records, their first studio album in almost a decade — which was produced by Larry Campbell.
The band did not perform after his return.
Their highest charting single was with the song "Hey You".
The band has released 23 albums and 9 DVDs, which feature other Christian artists.
They also appeared on many worship albums and on national television programmes such as BBC1's Songs of Praise.
The band's name is a play on the name of American pop artist Andy Warhol.
They have also been known to do shows with Minnesota-local hip hop label Rhymesayers Entertainment.
Entitled Allas Sak., the album title translates loosely into "everyone's thing" or "anyone's thing".
In 2013 they performed at the "Beats auf der Bahn" festival in Hamburg.
Coachwhips played their last show in New York City in late 2005.
Its name changed to Blaster the Rocket Man for its 1999 release The Monster Who Ate Jesus.
Their eponymous debut album followed in December 1978, featuring the track "Walking in the Rain", originally the B-side to "Hey St. Peter".
Along with Evoken and Rigor Sardonicous, Novembers Doom is one of the earliest U.S. death/doom metal bands that are still active today.
In 2009, SS501 came back as a five-member group and released Rebirth.
Their production work included remixing Mariah Carey's "Boy" in 2004.
The band's self-titled debut album produced three singles on the Billboard country charts in 1996.
Under the names Johnny Goopa and Bart Barf, they supported Johnny Vomit on two seven-inch records issued on Eric Oblivian's Goner Records.
Supertramp are an English rock band formed in London in 1969.
Stiltskin's longest-standing current member is vocalist Ray Wilson.
The Deli Creeps were an avant-garde band consisting of singer Maximum Bob, guitarist Buckethead, drummer Pinchface and various bass players, most recently Daniel Monti.
The Cutthroats 9 is a band formed by Chris Spencer of Unsane when he moved to California after Unsane went on hiatus in 2000.
The name predates the Olivia Tremor Control and was in use until Doss's 2012 death.
They have toured internationally and were nominated for a MTV Music Award.
The group reorganized with Diana Perry Gillette in the lead position.
Acoustic guitarist and backing vocalist Mark Allen joined and they released a 12" EP, "U.K.A.
Kaizers Orchestra was a Norwegian alternative rock band formed on 1 January 2000.
Modey Lemon, the group's debut album, appeared in early 2002, and the band supported the album with tours of the US and Europe.
The duo released singles which again entered the top ten in Germany and abroad.
The band formed in the late 1980s and released three albums in the 1990s.
Tad Kinchla and Ben Wilson joined the band following the death of original bassist Bobby Sheehan in 1999.
In December 2016, Billboard magazine ranked them as the 83rd most successful dance artists of all-time.
They often work with Russian military band the Alexandrov Ensemble.
In 2012, they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In late 2000, after their seventh studio album Lunacy, Luna Sea disbanded.
Bon Jovi is an American rock band from Sayreville, New Jersey.
The Narrow is an alternative rock band from Pretoria, South Africa.
In 2002, Moistboyz III was released on Mike Patton's label, Ipecac Records.
The band consists of Craig Finn, Tad Kubler, Galen Polivka, Bobby Drake, Franz Nicolay and Steve Selvidge.
It was the first crew to be signed to a major label, Elektra Records.
Sordid Humor played what, at the time, could best be classified as college rock, releasing several independent releases before breaking up in 1992.
According to Rex Stewart, the primitive recording techniques of the day failed to provide a true record of the band.
Phono-Comb was a Canadian instrumental/modern surf rock group that formed in 1993 in Toronto.
The band formed in 1995 and has since then released eight recordings on their own independent label, Terrakin Records.
was inducted into the San Jose Rocks Hall of Fame.
In 2000, Koyczan became the first international slam poet to win the National Poetry Slam Individual Grand Championship, an award won by McGee in 2003.
The band has stated on multiple occasions that they are named after Mount Sinai, where Moses was given the Ten Commandments in the Bible.
The original lineup consisted of Donelly on lead vocals and guitar, Fred Abong on bass, and brothers Tom and Chris Gorman on guitar and drums respectively.
SC5 recorded their first full-length album, Strum and Drum!, in 1986 in Butler's family basement.
They would release several more albums, including their best-selling LP Little Creatures, before disbanding in 1991.
In 1996, following the recruitment of keyboard player Neil Codling, Suede went on to greater commercial success with Coming Up.
Our Lady Peace enjoyed many hit singles, ranging from "Starseed" in 1994, to "Somewhere Out There" in 2002.
An unreleased collection of tracks meant to be featured on the band's second full-length album was issued in 1998 as Delta Tapes.
In wartime, military forces were formed by selecting men from trainbands on an individual basis and then forming them into a fighting unit.
They made their television debut on Late Night with Conan O'Brien with their hit song "Trials".
Much adored in their native country, covers of Irish ballads by Ronnie Drew and Luke Kelly tend to be regarded as definitive versions.
The band released their debut album Fur in 2004.
Australian music historian, Ian McFarlane, described their music as "cheap and potent, their appeal selective.
The band were released from their recording contract with Warner Bros. Records when Warner's imprint Elektra Records folded.
Nonetheless, Liquido gained somewhat of a cult following in their homeland.
And his life – the hardest of hardships,
Phantom Planet is an American rock band from Los Angeles, formed in 1994.
Initially, the band's style was post-punk, and the name back then was HNF - Hrdinové Nové Fronty.
Septicflesh are a Greek extreme metal band from Athens, founded in 1990.
Pinback is an indie rock band from San Diego, California.
Loituma were selected Ensemble of the Year at the 1997 Kaustinen Folk Music Festival.
Meantime, Rytkönen and Eriksson were joined by drummer Robin Engström, and continued under the name Lefay, changing their record label to Noise Records.
Knuckledust are a British hardcore punk band from London.
Winter Equinox broke up in March 2006.
In the spring of 2006, the band announced they would be touring without Hampton, who was stepping down for a multitude of reasons.
Stiff Little Fingers are a punk rock band from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Their fourth album, Sonic Temple, proceeded in a similar vein, and these two albums enabled them to break into the North American market.
Thief In a Sleeping Town EP was also released on Lookout!
The band's lineup consisted of a trio composed by a vocalist, a keyboardist/sampler operator, and a drummer.
The band spent many years writing and recording material.
At that time, the personnel was Marty Mooney and Tom Hare, Chris Qua, Willie Qua and Doug Robson.
Gold City is an American southern gospel quartet, based in Gadsden, Alabama.
King Crimson's debut album, In the Court of the Crimson King, remains its most successful and influential, with its elements of jazz, classical, and experimental music.
Critics commented on the loose and rough quality of these performances.
Minor Detail were an Irish new wave synthpop band from Blackrock.
The Riverdales' original run lasted from 1994-1997.
The band's discography was lately released in Japan by Thistime Records and their popularity led to a 10-gig tour across the country.
The group also made several television appearances and played at the Vans Warped Tour.
Sex Machineguns is a Japanese heavy metal band formed in 1989.
The group recorded three albums for Atlantic Records: Grab It!
Keith Allen chose the London Community Gospel Choir and London Gay Men's Chorus to feature on the track.
The band toured in support of these recordings.
Internationally known, DXJ'S Contributions to Miami Bass, Electro or Street Music has influenced Break beat, Crunk, Ghetto Tech and other genres of music.
1 in just three weeks and the band became the first group to go to the top spot with an instrumental that was their first release.
Her first song was "Ich lebe" released in 2003, which was very successful in Austria and was followed by several #1 hits.
Later members were Annahvahr and Hatrah, who left the band in 1999 and was replaced by Siegmar.
However in May 2013, Freekey Zekey revealed they were no longer signed to Interscope.
The Sweet Inspirations were an American R&B girl group founded by Emily "Cissy" Houston, mother of Whitney Houston, and sister of Lee Warrick.
Pluxus is an electronic music group from Stockholm, Sweden.
Hailing from Detroit, Michigan, Majesty Crush formed in 1990 and broke up in 1995.
Other band members have included guitarist Craig Fairbaugh and guitarist Emilio Cueto, bassist Jason Womack and drummer Ed Davis.
Named after the movie Citizen Kane, the trio recorded for the record label Kitchenware, that was also home to Prefab Sprout.
Jay Mehler joined as touring lead guitarist in 2006.
Formed in 1972, the band took its name from the Greek word for "rock".
The Wedding Present, Dean & Britta, The Brunettes, and The Submarines also contributed to the project.
The name, thought of by Lennon, was a play on "Fleetwood Mac" who at that time were a very popular band in the United Kingdom.
Bikeride's newest album, The Kiss, has been released on SHMAMM!
The band launched a podcast called "Theatre of the World" in August 2012.
Their ninth studio album, IX, was released in November 2014.
Their biggest hit recording is "The Sound of the Suburbs", which reached 12 in the UK Singles Chart in 1979.
Core of Soul is a Japanese pop/downtempo band.
For much of 2006, The Show is the Rainbow toured as a three-piece, with Javid Dabestani and Jim Schroeder playing alongside Keen.
There are 77 specific tour dates detailed in the sleevenotes on the The League of Gentlemen album.
The group, who were signed to Polydor Records, originally consisted of Danny Foster, Myleene Klass, Kym Marsh, Suzanne Shaw, and Noel Sullivan.
Frequent additional instruments include piano, violin, viola and flute and less frequent didgeridoo, mouth harp, harmonium, cello, udu and synthesizer.
This was followed by Qvaris on 5RC, and Embryonnck, a collaboration with the German band Embryo released on Staubgold Records.
Borbetomagus are a free improvisation/noise music group.
Hendricks contributed as singer, songwriter and guitarist.
At the 2004 bNet music awards, Uprising received "Best Album" and "Best Electronic Release".
The Strokes are an American rock band from New York City.
The record consists of a mix of original, cover, and instrumental songs.
Several engines of so-called original design have been developed, although these were probably largely based on foreign models.
After several personnel changes on guitar, Dokken's attorney Jon Levin stepped in to fill the role in 2004.
Lead singer Thandiswa Mazwai published her debut solo album, Zabalaza, in 2006.
The album reached a peak of No.
Their song "When You Decide You've Stayed Too Long" is on the soundtrack of the 2003 film Red Betsy.
Vitamin String Quartet covered INXS's "Never Tear Us Apart" and Pat Benatar's "We Belong" in the 100th episode of Gossip Girl.
Many of the band's lyrics are derived from the works of nineteenth- and twentieth-century Ukrainian poets, especially Taras Shevchenko.
Some of the other members are still busy playing in other projects.
Godfrey has described bouts of depression associated with periods of writer's block.
", on Post*Records as well as the band's official legal marriage.
Former members Slash and McKagan both rejoined the band in 2016, embarking on the Not in This Lifetime... Tour.
Umbra et Imago is a German gothic metal and Neue Deutsche Härte band formed in autumn 1991.
Their album Belle Epoque was released in 1988.
Some firearms, such as some versions of the Thompson submachine gun, have a forward pistol grip which is used to stabilize the firearm in operation.
9 on the Billboard charts in 1976.
Subsequently, this recording was disowned by the band.
Their music uses elements from hard rock, pop and ska.
France is a developed country with the world's sixth-largest economy by nominal GDP and ninth-largest by purchasing power parity.
A Thorn for Every Heart is a post-hardcore band from Chino Hills, California.
The band was founded by Steve Nardelli, Chris Squire, Andrew Pryce Jackman, Martyn Adelman and John Painter.
The group formed in 1993 and were one of the many affiliates of The Wu-Tang Clan.
In 2005 the band reached its peak with a sold-out concert in the Olympia in Paris, its first ever big international performance.
Boøwy was a Japanese rock band formed in Takasaki, Gunma in 1981.
They recorded three of their albums for Metal Blade Records, and broke up in February 2007.
Bassist Dan Lilker stated: "The lyrics were never intended to be serious, just to piss people off."
Guitarist Fareed Haque played on Vivaldi's "Winter", and Tony Levin played upright bass and cello on four tracks.
In 2013 they released two albums with the brand new songs – Homo Sapience and Flower Power.
The music video for "Somebody to Love" was an instant hit in the UK.
After briefly reuniting for some shows in 2012 and 2013, The Obsessed announced their third reunion in March 2016.
They played their final show to date in 2012 with original vocalist Menno.
They also contributed a short rap section on the song Flight Tonight by The Avalanches, which appears on their debut album, Since I Left You.
Stance Punks are a Japanese punk rock band, formed in 1999.
Mike Malinin was the band's drummer from January 1995 until December 27, 2013.
Pulse Ultra was a four-piece rock band from Montreal, Quebec.
Moby Grape could have had it all, but they ended up with nothing, and less."
1 on the Billboard's Independent Albums chart and No.
The Rhapsody music service page dedicated to the band describes them thus: "Indian Jewelry are classic Lone Star State freaks."
Vilain Pingouin is a rock band from Quebec, Canada.
Her last performance with Nightwish was during a concert recorded for the live album/DVD End of an Era.
Their debut album, Twelve Year Silence, was released in 2005, followed by the EP Black Porch in 2006.
In 2008, the Lost Dogs traveled down historic Route 66 with cinematographer Jimmy Abegg.
In 2012, One Little Indian released Complete Singles Collection, which compiled the group's single and EP releases.
In real life, Fire Bomber's music was performed by Yoshiki Fukuyama, Chie Kajiura, and occasionally by Tomo Sakurai.
The band went through at least two line-ups.
I was walking around like Robert Smith with real big hair, big baggy black clothes, black fingernail polish and eye makeup.
While they were inspired by another Slovenian radical band Buldožer known for utilizing sheer madness in the social and political satire, their lyrics is more self-ironic.
Oysterhead was originally intended to be a singular live performance at New Orleans Saenger Theatre on May 4, 2000.
"Local Government", a song from Protest a Dark Anniversary, was prominently heard in an environmental PSA that debuted on MTV on August 31, 2006.
Five more studio releases followed, before the band saw its breakthrough with the 2008 album Twilight of the Thunder God, which debuted at No.
Pope, Offer, and Van Der Volgen are also members of the similar band, !!!.
Composed of eighteen college-aged men, the Spizzwinks perform internationally, touring to every continent within a three-year term.
is a Japanese psychedelic rock band, the core of which formed in 1995.
The group was, and still is, as of 2015, led by singer-songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentalist Fred Thomas.
The group was the first to release a hiphop-recording in their native language, Norwegian.
Deacon Blue's next album was The Hipsters, in 2012.
Amber Pacific is an American band that formed in 2002 in Federal Way, Washington.
His performances often feature projected visual art.
The band was formed by Brian McMahan, who is the only constant group member.
Although no motive was found, some witnesses claimed Gale blamed the brothers for Pantera's breakup and believed that they had stolen his lyrics.
They no longer perform as Lo-Tel, however Hanigan and Lumsdaine continue to produce music together.
They have released eight studio albums, as well as a number of other records.
However The White Stripes had released two albums before The Mess Hall formed.
The group consisted of four members Alitzah Navarro, Stacey Harper, Amy Sue Hardy and Sarah Smith.
Mo Thugs was an American hip hop collective formed and led by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.
Hunter was the lyricist who wrote on philosophical, metaphorical, and spiritually oriented topics.
The Blackbyrds is an American rhythm and blues and jazz-funk fusion group, formed in Washington, D.C., in 1973 and reformed in 2012 by Keith Killgo.
Timbiriche is considered as the most important groups of Latin pop of the 1980s and early 1990s.
Hedford left in 1998 and was replaced by Taylor-Taylor's cousin Brent DeBoer.
Husky Rescue are a Finnish electronic music band from Helsinki, formed in 2002.
Javier Vela left and was replaced by Nacho Mañó, who had produced De sol a sol.
The band is widely regarded as the world's first successful supergroup.
The Fibonaccis were an American art rock band formed in 1981 in Los Angeles.
The group first attracted attention with their 1996 EP, The Tempermill Recordings; they later signed to Aware Records for their 1997 release, Six Ways from Sunday.
City of Lions started out in early 2011 releasing the music video for their song "You All Along".
Their lyrical themes are generally concerned with warfare.
Spring Heeled Jack U.S.A. is a third wave ska band based out of New Haven, Connecticut.
James LaBrie is the progressive metal solo side project by James LaBrie, the lead singer of Dream Theater, before recording under his own name in 2005.
On July 22, 2016, the band's eighth full-length album, Air for Free, was released.
After two albums on Nuclear Blast Records, they moved to Massacre Records.
The group had two different lead vocalists during their success, Paul Jones from 1962 to 1966, and Mike d'Abo from 1966 to 1969.
The Movielife is a Long Island band composed of vocalist Vinnie Caruana, bassist Phil Navetta, guitarist Brandon Reilly, drummer Evan Baken, and guitarist Dan Navetta.
The band then toured to a widespread fan-base in Japan and in the United States.
Known for their part in the burgeoning Seattle music scene of the early 1990s, they were known for their fiery live performances.
Casual members have included Seja Vogel, from Sekiden; Shane Rudken; Dave Atkins among others.
In doing so they had a significant impact on the aesthetic and political development of independent and underground rock music.
Marcelo Muñoz and Gabriel Vigliesoni left the band shortly before the recording of the album Amanece in early 2000.
The Necessary grew to have a large fanbase in Greensboro.
A live DVD, funded via Kickstarter, called Absolute Treasure was released for download in February 2014.
Zikzak was an alternative pop music duo featuring San Francisco based singer-songwriter Todd Stadtman and multi-instrumentalist/arranger David Rubinstein.
Animal Liberation Orchestra is a California rock band currently signed to Jack Johnson's Brushfire Records label.
The San Jose Youth Symphony is a non-profit youth orchestra located in San Jose, California.
Their next album, 10, received a nomination at the 2008 Latin Grammy Awards.
Their single "Some Cut" peaked at #14 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Tim Mahon and Mark Bell had been members of The Plague and The Whizz Kids.
Vocalists Tom Hooper and Kevin Kane briefly reunited as the Grapes of Wrath for one album in 2000.
Solomon and Shlock Rock tour around the world, playing at concerts, schools, and Jewish events.
Few bands had the musicianship displayed by this quartet.
With each change, the subject matter has always remained the same: political matter, knowledge, and spirituality.
Internal issues and some health problems caused the quartet to be disbanded.
Internationally, "Too Many Times" made the Canadian top 40 in 1982, and "Live It Up" peaked at No.
After several months, ON's album Shifting Skin was released in June 2000.
Allan left the band after the recording was completed.
1 spot on Billboard's Top Heatseekers Album charts.
amiina is an Icelandic band composed of Hildur Ársælsdóttir, Edda Rún Ólafsdóttir, Maria Huld Markan Sigfúsdóttir, and Sólrún Sumarliðadóttir.
Alan Selway was later replaced by Terry Horbury on bass guitar.
They resumed touring and released their third studio album Forward in Reverse on April 29, 2016 to critical acclaim.
Ira played virtuoso mandolin and generally sang lead vocal in the tenor range, while Charlie played rhythm guitar and offered supporting vocals in a lower pitch.
In 2013, it was rumored and semi-announced that HaLFBrEEd was reuniting after a decade apart.
The group consists of Håkan Hemlin, as singer and frontman and Mats Wester, who plays the nyckelharpa as well as serving as the main songwriter..
1 in the album charts and was certified gold.
Their setlist mainly consisted of material from their album, including "Runaway" and an extended jam version of the cover song "Eight Miles High".
The score also includes performances by other members of Tin Hat, providing the first time the three original members have reunited since 2005.
"Carve Your Name" from the Coming Home CD is the show's theme song.
Migala was a rock-based experimental band hailing from Madrid, Spain.
Venomous Concept was formed by Kevin Sharp and Shane Embury in 2004.
In the early eighties they often shocked their audiences by showing adult movies and being accompanied by strippers when on stage.
The band's music is generally dominated by spoken-word vocals and free-ranging drums, bass, and guitar.
The quartet originally played under the name Breaker Morant, then changed to the current name in 1999.
Brutal Truth was an American grindcore band from Rochester, New York, formed by ex-Anthrax, Nuclear Assault, and Stormtroopers of Death bass guitarist Dan Lilker in 1990.
Stellar Kart was an American pop punk band from Phoenix, Arizona signed to Inpop Records and Capitol Records.
Its slogan is "Talk Minus Action Equals Zero."
Fly to the Sky is a South Korean R&B duo, consisting of Korean-American Brian Joo and South Korean native Hwanhee.
Hailing from Dallas, Texas, Acoustix have remained an extremely popular quartet for the last fifteen years and have recorded several CDs in various genres.
Queensrÿche  is an American heavy metal band.
Most of the boys are back including Miss Guy, Sean, Eddie and Adam with the addition of Shane on guitar.
After a five-year split, it was announced in October 2008 that O'Meara, Cattermole, and McIntosh were to perform a mini-reunion tour.
1200 Techniques is an Australian hip hop group consisting of the old school 80's Aerosol Artist & Founder Dj Peril, N'fa Forster-Jones and Kemstar.
Noller and Alonzo released only one further 12" vinyl single "Feel The Bass with MC Kid Money & Techno Bass" before dissolving their partnership.
The Popguns are an English indie rock band, which played a part in the British jangle pop scene.
The rest of the group were several years younger than Kosugi, and were all inspired by the spirit of the day.
Beogradski Sindikat is a Serbian hip-hop collective from Belgrade, Serbia.
The band's name means counterattack from the weak man.
They independently released their first album, Symphony of the Damned, in 1990.
Poison the Well is an American hardcore punk band from Miami, Florida who were last signed to Ferret Music.
They would all have to quit their jobs and move to New York City.
The band's name comes from Twangste, an Old Prussian word meaning "Oak Forest".
Will has alternated between the two projects, while also releasing solo albums.
The Lost Cabin and the Mystery Trees, was released July 2006.
Cheap Sex is an American street punk band formed in December 2002, based in San Diego, California.
After completing several of Fripp's Guitar Craft courses, the three toured as part of Robert Fripp and The League of Crafty Guitarists.
Melissa is a given name for a female child.
Their website hasn't seen an update since December 2004, and their touring has ceased.
They have released two EPs, six studio albums, and one live album.
Ivey formed a touring band for live performances, which contributed to Basehead's second album, Not in Kansas Anymore.
Nastasee was a hardcore band formed in Bergen County, New Jersey, by former Mucky Pup, Dog Eat Dog, Murphy's Law guitar player, Dan Nastasi.
Neposedy is still together today, with ever-changing members, performing in Russia.
Antonio Lauro was a Venezuelan musician, considered to be one of the foremost South American composers for the guitar in the 20th century.
They adopted a more traditional approach to black metal by incorporating raw characteristics.
Apoptygma Berzerk has toured Europe, North America, South America, Israel and Australia with bands such as VNV Nation, Beborn Beton, Icon of Coil and Unheilig.
Their early stage performances consisted largely of covers of popular jukebox hits of the day.
The Chipettes are a fictional group of three female anthropomorphic chipmunk singers—Brittany, Jeanette, and Eleanor—first appearing on the cartoon series Alvin and the Chipmunks in 1983.
Urban also performed with the band at subsequent shows, including Bollnäs Festivalen, 21 July 2007.
Trem was among Brazil's top-selling artists during 1987, along with Xuxa and Jairzinho e Simony.
In 2005, Rough Trade released the compilation Early, which collected the band's first releases.
The Paupers were a Canadian psychedelic rock band from Toronto, Ontario who recorded between 1965 and 1968.
50FOOTWAVE is an American alternative rock band, formed in 2003.
A fellow Raptori member, Tero Tapio Kaikkonen, also appeared on that release.
Ludicra's sound has been described as black metal and avant-garde metal.
After a three-year break, Emerson, Lake & Palmer released Works Volume 1 and Works Volume 2.
Kreator is a German thrash metal band from Essen, formed in 1982.
The word means 'debut' in Spanish, which alludes to the album coming out on SS501's 11th debut anniversary.
Mano Negra was a music group active from 1987 to 1995 and fronted by Manu Chao.
Currently signed to Carved Records, the band has released four major label albums.
The group also added a third member, Alex Abnos, during a tour of the Midwest in that year.
Amon Amarth has released ten studio albums, one compilation album, one EP, one video album, and ten music videos.
In addition to contributing songwriting, vocals, guitar, and banjo, he also serves as a sidekick to Cessna on stage.
The band had a cult following throughout the 1980s and reformed in 2013.
The project produced only a single full-length album during its duration.
JJ72 were an alternative rock band from Dublin, Ireland.
Sonia Dada is an American Chicago-based rock/soul/rhythm and blues band, which tours with between six and eight members.
The band's music is often described as "indie rock", but Pizzorno has said he "hates indie bands" and does not feel Kasabian fit into that category.
In early 2007 Motormark split up and members Jane and Marko founded a new band with two new members called FANGS.
Their music was described by one critic as "a blending of eerie industrial rock with a pop-infused melodic chorus and a bit of hard-core head banging."
For instance, Riki Michele provided vocals on "Defend Your Joy", though she was uncredited for the part.
The group gained international recognition in 2003 after their single "Midnight Marauders" was re-distributed by record labels and DJs in Germany.
In 1982, Erlend Antonsen and Terje Storli played at local clubs in and around Trondheim.
Starfuckers was an Italian avant-garde experimental rock/art rock band primarily from the 1990s.
This was the band's final release on Tooth & Nail.
Lamb of God has toured with the Ozzfest twice.
Journey South were an English singing duo, consisting of brothers Andy and Carl Pemberton.
"Amazed" and "My Front Porch Looking In" were the top country songs of 1999 and 2003, respectively, on Billboard Year-End.
In all, Calibretto 13 recorded 19 songs for Enter the Danger Brigade, and only 11 songs were included on the debut album.
Also "Wayayay" was covered by Tarkan as "Gelip Te Halimi Gördün Mü ?"
The group achieved chart success and a large teenage fanbase in 1988 with songs such as "When Will I Be Famous" and "I Owe You Nothing".
Phillips recorded several self-released albums and formed other bands.
They signed with Reprise Records the next year and released their major label debut Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge in 2004.
The band consists of vocalist Mike Busse, guitarist Ben Collins, bassist Brandon Lee and drummer Barry Collins, who are all founding members.
It remains their most successful and most recognisable song.
The band consisted of Jane Fisher and Mark Law.
Dredg released El Cielo in 2002, Catch Without Arms in 2005, The Pariah, the Parrot, the Delusion in 2009, and Chuckles and Mr. Squeezy in 2011.
Excluding a handful of appearances on 1980s compilation albums, the music of Teddy and the Pandas has generally been unavailable since the group's disbanding in 1969.
BoySetsFire is composed of guitarists Chad Istvan and Josh Latshaw, vocalist Nathan Gray, and bassists Chris Rakus and Robert Ehrenbrand.
The band, formed in the late 1980s in County Antrim, played together until 1997 and regrouped in 2008.
The band split on 1 October 2011 following a farewell tour which ended with a concert in Osaka, Japan.
Street Cinema was re-released with "No Pigeons" appearing as a bonus track.
In 2012, Nasum reunited with Rotten Sound frontman Keijo Niinimaa taking the place of Talarczyk, for a one-off tour to celebrate the band's 20th anniversary.
The song's popularity was later renewed due to its inclusion in a Burger King commercial in 1996 and peaked at No.
During a televised concert in the Dominican Republic, Los Chicos had to abandon the stage because of fans reaching it.
The single reached number 1 on the Japanese Oricon weekly charts, becoming their first number-one single.
In 2003, HMV Japan ranked RC Succession at No.
The Mighty Mighty Bosstones are an American ska punk band from Boston, Massachusetts, formed in 1983.
Urban Tapestry is a three-woman band based in Toronto, Ontario that performs filk music, composed by Debbie Ridpath Ohi, Allison Durno, and Jodi Krangle.
The band opened for Steve Taylor's Squinternational tour in 1994 and played in Costa Rica in May 1998.
Their debut album, Facelift, was released in 1990 and has been certified double-platinum by the RIAA, selling over two million copies.
The band was formed in 1995, when their average age was 14.
On 13 June 2004, the band was hit hard when Riku Järvinen, their bassist and occasional violinist, died in an accident.
Outlawz, formerly known as Outlaw Immortalz and Dramacydal, is an American hip hop group founded by Tupac Shakur in late 1995 after Shakur's release from prison.
Day After Tomorrow was a 3-member Japanese pop band under the Avex label.
Posthumus released three albums overall in their career.
The group was best known for the chart-topping 1980 worldwide hit single "Funkytown", which hit No.
Although facing some misunderstandings in the media, members of Metallica itself have repeatedly praised the comedic styling of the group.
The 1st Special Service Force, was an elite American-Canadian commando unit in World War II, under command of the United States Fifth Army.
The song "Milano Mosh" from their 1985 debut album, Speak English or Die, was the Headbanger's Ball intro anthem for many years.
As of 2017, the Temptations continue to perform with one original member, Otis Williams, still in the lineup.
The band normally uses standard C tuning, in which instruments are transposed two whole tones lower than standard tuning.
Since then, Liquido hasn't been able to repeat this success, which led to a split from Virgin after two unsuccessful albums.
The group's music has been described as new wave, pop and worldbeat, characterized by an "African-derived drum sound".
In 2011, they starred in the reality television series The Judds during their Last Encore Tour.
Cadillac Blindside was an punk rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
Founded by Michael Laird and Susanna Melendez in 1997, the band has released seven full-length CDs on the Projekt label.
Founded in Berlin in 1983, they started out firmly grounded in the underground punk scene.
Another Australian top ten album, Absolutely, followed in 1985, which provided two further local top ten singles, "We Will Together", and "Can't Wait to See You".
They released one album, My Soul is Wet, in 1993 for Chrysalis Records before breaking up.
Boy George's androgynous style of dressing caught the attention of the public and the media.
The name "Skunk Anansie" is taken from Akann folk tales of Anansi the spider-man of Ghana, with "Skunk" added to "make the name nastier".
In the following year, guitarist Moloch and drummer Lord Curse were added to the line-up.
Their lyrical themes have traditionally pertained to Satanism and anti-Christianity.
The group was heavily influenced by Negativland, Crass and Skinny Puppy.
The lineup currently consists of Nielsen, bassist Gavin Caswell and drummer Chris Hornbrook.
They have performed in numerous charity concerts such as The Prince's Trust event in 2004 and Live 8 alongside Bono of U2 in 2005.
They have also recorded parodies of popular songs, such as "The Kids in Tyne and Wear" and "The Devil Went Down to Scunthorpe".
Noori took the shape of a four-member band and went on releasing their debut album.
Emperor is a Norwegian black metal band formed in 1991, regarded as highly influential by critics and emerging black metal bands.
According to rock music historian, Ian McFarlane, it "virtually redefined the parameters of guitar-based rock'n'roll.
The various individual projects went on to release and perform separately.
Kazik Na Żywo was a Polish rapcore band formed in 1991, in Warsaw.
Sha Na Na is an American rock and roll group.
From there, stationed at the Naval Support Activity Base in the Algiers section of New Orleans, they increased their performance schedule.
The album was produced by Eric Valentine and released through Warner Bros. Records.
They are best known for their hit cover song, originally recorded by Don Henley, "The Boys of Summer".
In 1998, the music critics compiled a list of 100 best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music.
The unit was organized in 1942 and trained at Fort William Henry Harrison near Helena, Montana in the United States.
Opera IX is an Italian symphonic black metal band, founded in the city of Biella by the guitarist Ossian, in 1988.
In the words of one of the group’s blind members, Ricky Mckinnie, “Our disability doesn’t have to be a handicap.
The success of "Roundabout", the single from Fragile, cemented their popularity across the decade and beyond.
Autopsia gathers authors of different professions in realization of multimedia projects.
They had a UK #1 hit with "Things Can Only Get Better" in 1994 as well as eight more top 40 hits.
However, in 1972, after having become a member of Scientology, Corea decided that he wanted to better "communicate" with the audience.
Green Day is an American punk rock band formed in 1986 by lead vocalist and guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong and bassist Mike Dirnt.
Z matki obcej, krew jego dawne bohatery,
One Last Wish was a short-lived post-hardcore band from Washington, D.C.
In November 2016 Superjoint announced a tour with Battlecross and Child Bite.
Mafia and some of their affiliates at the time, such as La Familia and Il-Egal.
Mazik and Benyad then went on hiatus until 2000, which saw the unofficial release of the LP Eyedollartree on Mastergrip Records, which folded shortly thereafter.
They released two EPs and one album on San Diego label Alphabet Records and San Francisco-based Negative Progression Records.
Mike Keneally has also appeared with the band, along with Ray White, and Robert Martin.
Afrodiziak performed backing vocals on the hit single Free Nelson Mandela, including the a cappella intro, staging it at The Tube in March 1984.
Life of Agony is an alternative metal band from Brooklyn, New York.
Their breakthrough album, Commit This to Memory, arrived in 2005, and their third record, Even If It Kills Me, also achieved commercial success.
Ritual Carnage is a thrash metal band formed in 1998.
However, with a change of membership, the Queens remained productive and popular into the 1970s and 1980s.
The band has been credited with making "the international pop underground more international" by "opening it up to bands from Japan".
The band quickly achieved cult status with their split recordings with artists such as the Azusa Plane, The Telescopes, Martin Rev, Dean and Britta and Stereolab.
Axxis is a German heavy metal band that was founded in 1988.
One of the most popular groups from the 1960s, they placed nine songs on the Billboard Hot 100, five of which became Top 40 hits.
Since its formation, Europe has released ten studio albums, three live albums, three compilations and nineteen music videos.
By now, the band was down to Sam and Arp with additional musicians playing on the record.
American Head Charge is a nu metal band from Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
Pahlavan and Salehi are the band's lead vocalists, and the songwriters are Pahlavan, Salehi, Amirkhas, Khahani and Farnejad.
When Tim Armstrong left the band in May 1986 he went on to form The Kiwi Bandits.
The group had international Top 20 hits with "Kiss" and the instrumental "Peter Gunn", which won a 1986 Grammy Award.
The band later acknowledged this to have been one of the highlights of their career.
They are also featured on several compilation albums.
Since 2008, the British Sea Power line-up has consisted of Jan Scott Wilkinson, Neil Hamilton Wilkinson, Martin Noble, Matthew Wood, Phil Sumner, and Abi Fry.
They have remained reclusive, rarely giving interviews or performing live.
They take inspiration from Slayer, Possessed, Kreator, Celtic Frost and Bathory.
A year without a new single or album followed, with the single "Moments" and album Wildlife released in March and April 2003 respectively.
Glashaus is a German musical band, consisting of lead singer Cassandra Steen, songwriter and rapper Moses Pelham and producer Martin Haas.
Screeching Weasel is an American punk rock band originally from the Chicago suburb of Prospect Heights, Illinois.
However, the rise of the grunge sound in 1991 saw Tyketto's hopes of a big breakthrough begin to recede.
Seo Taiji and Boys were highly successful and are credited with changing the South Korean music industry.
Both songs are on the first Schlafes Bruder album, released on March 13, 2013.
6 on the Billboard 200 chart and features the band's third Grammy-nominated song, "High Road".
Four singles were released from the album: "Heat Up", "The Avenue", "When I'm 'Ere" and "Shake a Leg".
The band was later enhanced by members Vaughan Williams and Daniel Pooley.
BRAThANKI is a popular Polish folk-rock group.
The group formed as a trio in Charlottesville, Virginia in 1991, with Sokolowski, Ross, and drummer John Gilmore.
It was described Stylus Magazine's Theon Weber as " one of the great unnoticed albums of 2005."
Black would soon be replaced by former Girl singer Phil Lewis while former Faster Pussycat bassist Kelly Nickels was added to the group.
Neal Morse left the band following the release of their sixth album, Snow, and D'Virgilio took over as the band's frontman.
The band, doubleDrive, was a rock band from Atlanta, Georgia.
Pop Will Eat Itself are an English alternative rock band formed in Stourbridge in 1986 with members from Birmingham, Coventry and the Black Country.
It included a performance at the Earth Summit where they were joined on stage by Jello Biafra.
Edie Brickell & New Bohemians is an alternative rock jam band that originated in Dallas, Texas, in the mid-1980s.
After almost a decade apart, Eurythmics reunited to record their ninth album, Peace, released in late 1999.
Their album Livet börja nu released on 30 May 2012 entered the official Swedish Albums Chart at #6 in its initial week of release.
The Units were an American electropunk band, founded in San Francisco in 1978 and active until 1984.
The band split up in 2004, and lead singer Raul Malo released six solo albums.
The group is the project of guitarist Jojo Hiroshige, its one constant member, who is head and owner of the Osaka-based Alchemy Records.
Hageman was also a member of the Iowa City based group, Horny Genius.
Formed in 1994, they produced several underground releases during their first years of existence and soon claimed to be "kings of rock".
The Vaselines are an alternative rock band from Glasgow, Scotland.
They won the Buffalo Music Award for Best Hardcore/Metal act in WNY for 3 consecutive years.
Among the members of that group was R. H. Harris, who soon became its musical leader.
The band rose to fame in Poland with 2005 debut album <LOL>, including hits "Uh La La La", "Hey Boy" and "Wid Out Ya".
The band takes its name inspired by a character from the short story "The Trail Of Your Blood On The Snow", by Gabriel García Márquez.
The group changed their name to Fools Dance later that year after some lineup changes.
MacLean left the group in 2007 and the band folded by 2009.
The chief members of the band are Jason Reece and Conrad Keely.
Centered on guitarist, keyboardist, songwriter, and producer Tom Scholz, the band is a staple of classic rock radio playlists.
Also in 1999 drummer Eric Kalb and percussioninst Johnny Durkin went to work on jazz legend John Scofield's latest verve release Bump.
Six of the Temptations were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989.
In August 2007, guitarist Joe joined Klaxons as bass player for the summer whilst Jamie Reynolds recovered from a broken ankle.
Virgin Black is an Australian band that combines Gothic metal, Doom metal and symphonic metal influences.
All of the songs draw a beautiful lyrical picture that can be very touching.
In 2008, they competed once again in Melodifestivalen with the song I lågornas sken and finished in sixth place behind winner Charlotte Perrelli.
A Roman Scandal was a synthpop band from Austin, Texas active from 1999 through 2001.
interrupting the coach in the locker room during pre-game speeches with overzealous shouting
The EP We Are Drugs, featuring the same lineup, was released in 2016.
Performances take place at the Marcus Center in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Their music is generally considered punk rock, but includes elements of hard rock and heavy metal as well.
They blended rock, jazz and classical music and were keyboardist Keith Emerson's first commercially successful band.
On 15 December 2015, it was announced that the group had reformed with former lead singer Natalie Bassingthwaighte.
The group was formed in 1986 and consisted of Stacy "Acacia" Smith and Tairrie B.
In time, the three trombonists became one of the most in-demand horn sections in New Orleans and began to appear under the name The Bonerama Horns.
Their debut single, "Heaven", was a number-one hit on the Billboard adult contemporary chart and reached the top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2004.
The group consists of songwriter-producer Markee Ledge and Darren Decoder and formerly included Welsh singer-co-songwriter Sian Evans..
The band broke up in 2001, later reforming in 2011, and releasing a new E.P.
Stewart said Tracy Chapman's "Fast Car", which Xiu Xiu covered on A Promise, had a similar theme.
In terms of aggregate household wealth, it ranks fourth in the world.
In 2006 Snoop Dogg decided to get involved and the three released their official reunion album Cali Iz Active.
Thought Industry continued to strip down their lineup and sound with 1997's moody Black Umbrella, which saw the departure of Lee.
Kidman was nominated for a BAFTA and won a Golden Globe Award and a Best Actress Award at the 1st Empire Awards for her performance.
Although they have played music together since they were boys, the brothers have only been a working band since 1995.
System of a Down has been nominated for four Grammy Awards, and their song "B.Y.O.B."
Nardwuar, its founding member, is also known for interviewing musicians and celebrities.
After a few demos the band fell apart in 1993.
In March 2013, Boston Business Journal rated Bim Skala Bim’s “Bones” album #19 in their “Boston Top 40 Albums of All Time” list.
The sessions have been released in bootleg form as The Original Wicked Lester Sessions.
They produce music heavily influenced by 1970s progressive rock.
The band has released thirteen studio albums, four collaboration albums and three live albums.
Drummer Tim Soete was the singer/guitarist of San Diego mod revivalists The Event and guitarist/vocalist for Santa Cruz band Tail Dragger.
Switchblade Symphony was an American dark wave band from Los Angeles, California.
On December 7, 2015, "Identity," the second single from Found in Far Away Places, was nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Metal Performance category.
After writing and recording new material in late 2004 and early 2005, Anastasio began auditioning various musicians for his next project.
Headswim were an English alternative rock band active during the 1990s, best known for their 1997 single "Tourniquet".
They have also collaborated with Trans Am and the two have recorded albums together as TransChamps and The Fucking Am.
The Australian Pink Floyd Show play venues worldwide.
The show featured visual art by Camilla Ha, Dame Darcy, Dewanatron, Lauren Weinstein, Jared Whitham, Patrick Smith, Alyssa Taylor Wendt and Jenny Gonzalez-Blitz.
But I guess it came across the wrong way.”
Decibel magazine also rated guitarist Trey Azagthoth as the number one "death metal guitarist ever".
Under the management of Malcolm McLaren, a visual artist, performer, clothes designer and boutique owner, the band provoked controversies that garnered a significant amount of publicity.
In February 2007, a 5th album was remixed at Bay 7 Studios by Joe Barresi, and mastered by Bob Ludwig.
Formed as The Versatiles in late 1965, the group changed its name to the hipper "The 5th Dimension" by 1966.
In 1967, they were named as joint "Australians of the Year" – the only group thus honoured.
They have released five albums, a live album, and two remix albums.
Scarlet Party continued performing live shows, joined briefly by new member Micky Portman on bass, and recorded several more tracks at Abbey Road Studios.
The band let their contract with Atlantic expire in 1991 due to poor promotion on the part of the label.
Nashville Pussy recorded Say Something Nasty with Almazan on bass only to be replaced by Katielyn Campbell.
While the first two albums were a trio format, the third album was more of an ensemble project.
With the Holden Choruses, he has made nearly a dozen appearances at conventions of the American Choral Directors Association, including six national conventions.
Many influences can be noticed among their discography, but Genesis, Yes, ELP, Pink Floyd, Rush and Marillion are the most present.
Their darkened style is reminiscent of Black Flag & The Damned.
Allah left the group shortly after, but returned in 2008 for the sixth studio album, A History of Violence.
Crazy Ken Band, also referred to as CKB, is a Japanese musical group formed in 1997 by its lead vocalist, writer and composer Ken Yokoyama.
The band embarked on a world tour in support of AB III from 2010 to 2012.
Will to Power is the name of an American dance-pop and freestyle music group that originated in south Florida in the mid-1980s.
After a seven-year hiatus, the band reformed in 2010 and have since released three more records.
Sunk Loto were an Australian alternative metal band from Gold Coast, Queensland formed in 1997.
This line-up recorded most of the early EPs and the seminal 1994 album Hex.
They blend hard rock, original rock, southern rock, folk music, and country rock.
The group sings contemporary R&B style, integrating jazz influences with spiritual or inspirational lyrics.
The band parted ways with singer Trine Elise Johansen, keyboard-player/guitarist Lars Andre Larsen and drummer Morten Færøvig during the autumn and winter of 2011.
The band has gained widespread recognition based on a series of critically acclaimed albums and extensive international touring.
Dizmas is a Christian rock band from Lancaster, California.
Their mainstream success and critical acclaim established them as the most iconic and influential hip-hop production team in Japan with success throughout Asia.
We just start fooling around, and then we go 'Hey, this Alice Cooper song fits right on there, and to hell with the chorus.
They were generally known as Ivonne, Ilse, and Mimí.
In 1982, the group stopped concert touring and became a studio-based project centred on Partridge, Moulding, and guitarist Dave Gregory with various session musicians.
They were placed on Q magazine 's list of the "50 Bands to See Before You Die" in 2002.
Taking their name from John Cusack's character in the film Better Off Dead..., Lanemeyer were known for their humor and love of comedy.
They referred to their music as "extreme noise", though having nothing to do with noise rock or noise music.
On April 19, 2012 the Millencolin Festival announced that No Fun At All canceled their show at the festival due to their disbandment [1].
Each album released by Thrice has had a portion of its sales proceeds donated to a new charitable organization.
They released four albums, Pass the Flask, Found in the Flood, Silent Treatment, and Heat Fetish before disbanding in 2011.
In May 1987 Michiro formed a group called Video Stalin, which mostly made videos instead of albums; they disbanded in 1988.
The band now had a lead singer, Anita Lipnicka, and now performed primarily in Polish.
They formed in 1981 in Edmonton, and relocated to Vancouver in 1992.
His replacement, Mike Johnson came aboard for three major-label albums.
The band’s future is completely open, any plans for recordings, concerts or other activities has not been established.
Živo blato is a Croatian heavy metal band.
After the release of their second EP, Annihilation, in 1999 singer Stephanie left the band to be replaced by JJ.
1 on the ARIA Albums Chart, and Shaved and Dangerous – which reached No.
Their style is focused around vocal harmonies and acoustic guitars.
Its members are Shaw, Shinya, Taiki, and Yohei.
Not unlike The Drifters, many performers have come and gone, and even returned.
The band has also released 10 DVDs, which feature many other Christian artists as well.
They played their final show on August 28, 2010 at the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco, California.
The Wailers, often credited as The Fabulous Wailers, were an American rock band from Tacoma, Washington.
They were known for their use of unusual time signatures, dissonant guitar riffs, and a vocal approach that explored many different avenues and styles.
Steriogram are a Grammy Award-nominated punk band from New Zealand that formed in Auckland in 1999.
Plain White T's is an American rock band from Lombard, Illinois, formed in 1997 by high school friends Tom Higgenson, Dave Tirio, and Ken Fletcher.
In 1968, a second album, The Bonniwell Music Machine appeared, but the group disbanded in early 1969.
I Can Make a Mess is an American acoustic/alternative rock band, the side project of Arthur "Ace" Enders, lead singer and guitarist of The Early November.
Both Red Nichols and Miff Mole later led their own groups named Original Memphis Five.
Lost Boyz is a hip hop group from South Jamaica, Queens, New York City.
In 2013 came out the self-released album Penance
Pioneers in exploring the potential of CD-ROM and similar technologies, the Residents have won several awards for their multimedia projects.
game music such as Super Mario Bros. 2, and Metroid.
Subsequently, Neil Young signed the band to his Vapor Records label, which released their second and third LPs.
The Panda Band are an indie pop band originating from Perth, Western Australia.
The series acts as a showcase for neo-soul artists including Alicia Keys, Jill Scott, and Bilal.
After Forever was a Dutch symphonic metal band with strong progressive metal influences.
Nazia and Zoheb released their fourth hit album, Hotline in 1987, which featured the duo's younger sister, Zahra Hassan.
Ginger's tenure with the band last for over two months while Sorry departed the group prior to their European tour.
Between 2000 and 2006, the band recorded and released three more full-length albums with a rotating lineup of members.
Some of the songwriters popularized by the 5th Dimension went on to careers of their own, especially Ashford & Simpson, who wrote "California Soul".
From their beginning in 1994 until they split in 2010, they gained popularity amongst Christian music fans around the world, particularly in the United Kingdom.
They formed in 1984 and named themselves after the Dutch explorer Abel Tasman.
They are currently signed to Drag City.
It was championed by BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel, helping to bring roots reggae to a white audience.
Their debut release Long Arm of the Law was released by imputor?
The name of the band as well as the stage names of the members and a majority of their lyrics refer to the Transformers franchise.
They released their debut album A Kind of Crusade in January 2007 and their second album Tides and Tides in December 2009.
Their name is taken from the salutation used by Bela Lugosi in letters to his mistress, Violetta Napierska.
The group was established in the early 1950s by students attending St. Anthony of Padua School in The Bronx.
DJ Harpo was forced to leave the group due to complications with osteochondritis that left him unable to perform without substantial pain.
The current members are Michael Gibbons, John Gibbons, Isobel Sollenberger, Clint Takeda and Jason Kourkounis.
Member Clare Amory died of cancer on February 24, 2011.
Pride of Lions is a hard rock band fronted by former Survivor guitarist and keyboardist Jim Peterik, and vocalist Toby Hitchcock.
The current line-up of the band varies but typically consists of Nathaniel Nicoll, Mike Hayden, and James Wong.
Native Deen is an Islamic musical group from the Washington, D.C. area.
In 1998, USL contributed "Hailwa Yenge Oike Mbela" to the AIDS benefit compilation album Onda Sonora: Red Hot + Lisbon produced by the Red Hot Organization.
The New Christs are an Australian hard rock band formed in 1980 by founding mainstay, Rob Younger, on lead vocals.
A proposed tenth show at a Melbourne shopping centre was cancelled.
Without further chart entries, they remain one-hit wonders in the UK.
It started life as the Coconut Grove Orchestra, changing to Mills Blue Rhythm Band when Irving Mills became its manager in 1931.
The band was launched during the Dublin Theatre Festival in September 1960, at the Shelbourne Hotel, at an event called Reacaireacht an Riadaigh.
The Rednecks consist of vocalist/lyricist Tex Troester, guitarist Bob Ricketts, bassist Steve Seifert, and guitarist Gary Riley.
He was the Programme Producer at, All India Radio or), Delhi in 1939.
The Beat Junkie Institute of Sound is set to open Spring of 2017.
was being recorded, Rob Teague fully replaced Ben Vanderneck on bass and began to do some more backing vocals for many of the songs.
The rest of the band also went into session work.
The Ad Libs were an American vocal group from Bayonne, New Jersey during the early 1960s.
Ant-Zen Audio and Visual Arts is a German independent record label founded in 1994 by Stefan Alt, who serves as the art director.
The band released three albums before splitting up in 1996.
Craig's Brother is an American punk rock band.
Their last show was in 2004 at The Fireside Bowl in Chicago, after already agreeing to split up.
The group had four members: Parlae, Pimpin', Jizzal Man, and Buddie.
In 2006, they released their fourth album, New Horizon and DVD of their concert at the Music Museum.
Members are: David Riordan, J.C. Phillips, Frank Demme, Carl Johnson, Bob Spalding and Marty Foltz 01.
They formed in 1996, split up 2012 and reformed in 2016.
The birds gather in large flocks and form huge formations in the sky just before they decide for a location to roost for the night.
Tyketto toured Europe in January 2009 and played at the Download Festival in the UK in June 2010.
The pair rapidly achieved international success with their debut single "Yes Sir, I Can Boogie", which reached number one across much of Europe.
Saille is a Belgian black metal band, formed in 2009 by Dries Gaerdelen.
Dick Sargent replaced an ill York for the final three seasons.
They toured across Canada to support the album, both as a headlining act and as an opener for several Canadian shows by Level 42.
Scarlet Fantastic were a British pop duo active in the late 1980s, consisting of Maggie De Monde and Rick P. Jones.
Only Reed and Shea were with the Bills throughout their entire existence.
The departure of Engelmann, one of the band's main songwriters and singers, was a drastic change for the band.
Urban Tapestry has released three albums between 1994 and 2003.
In 1970, the band engaged American businessman Stan Polley to manage their commercial affairs.
The Byrds continued as a quartet until late 1967, when Crosby and Clarke also departed the band.
The band went on hiatus in 2009, a time in which the members pursued various side projects.
The Maytals were formed in the early 1960s and were key figures in popularizing reggae music.
"Puss in Boots" has provided inspiration for composers, choreographers, and other artists over the centuries.
Brothers Jim and Andy Creeggan joined at the end of 1989, and Stewart was added in 1990 while Andy was on hiatus from the group.
in 1991 in reaction to fickle 'electro' audiences and antipathy towards live electronic bands, taking his sound in a more punk direction.
Connolly joined Snow Patrol in 2002, and after their major label debut, Final Straw, the following year, the group rose to national fame.
Philly Stylee was recorded in spurts during the Third-wave ska trend between 1996 and 1999 with final vocal overdubs and mixes completed in 2004.
In 2007 they put out a five-song E.P.
In November 2010, an incarnation of the band's mid-1980s lineup surfaced under the name Classic Petra.
They were signed to French Kiss Records, with an additional two releases on Action Driver Records and one self-released album.
They had a choice: either give up entirely or continue under a different name.
Foreign Beggars made their start producing several singles and albums on their own Dented Records imprint.
The Presidents of the United States of America, sometimes referred to as PUSA, The Presidents or Pot USA, were an American alternative rock power trio band.
The Gyres were a Scottish indie rock band formed in 1994 in Blantyre near Glasgow, just before the Britpop explosion.
The Headpins began gigging around the Vancouver area throughout 1981, quickly building a fan base.
Clay MacDonald and Mitchell Connelly worked on Angus & Julia Stone's first two EP's and first two albums.
The band existed for almost a decade before mainstream success.
This album is available only for download.
The band's debut album Kad bi bio bijelo dugme, released in 1974, brought them nationwide popularity with its Balkan folk-influenced hard rock sound.
The Phantom Limbs were a post-punk/deathrock band formed in Oakland, CA in 1999.
1 in the book The 100 Best Australian Albums by Toby Creswell, Craig Mathieson and John O'Donnell.
During some performances Smith has "worn a nine-foot tall, hand-made nine-fruit tree to 'bear the good fruit,'" in reference to the fruit of the Holy Spirit.
They recorded two studio albums, Baby Animals – which peaked at No.
They are known mainly for their musical style, which fuses aspects of melodic punk rock, progressive rock and heavy metal to form their primary sound.
Critics have noted of the band: "Fishbone was one of the most distinctive and eclectic alternative rock bands of the late '80s.
The Alter Boys is an American band from Ohio.
Cannibal Corpse is an American death metal band from Buffalo, New York.
He also was a guitar tech for Chimaira and Ill Nino.
The band are currently recording and touring regularly.
Groundation is an American roots reggae band with jazz and dub influences, from Sonoma County in Northern California.
The group has also been called Rolling Creekdippers as well as just Creekdippers.
Starclub was an early 1990s rock band from England, consisting of Owen Vyse, Steve French, Julian Taylor and Alan White.
Da Vinci's Notebook was a comedic a cappella singing group.
They have garnered acclaim for their energetic and intense live shows.
Tools with pistol grips run the range from hand saws to pneumatic nailers.
Their latest full-length album, "All In", was released on August 27, 2013.
The band originally broke up in late 1984, but reformed with Joe Queer and a new line-up in 1986.
The group had recorded a single, "In a Broken Dream", featuring Rod Stewart as guest vocalist in April 1969.
They have since moved to Santa Cruz, California.
The group is fronted by the eccentric singer, lyricist, and artist Ken Chinn, credited as Mr. Chi Pig.
Joe is currently President of a new label venture out of Philadelphia called Revel Music Group.
They released one major label album, An Education in Rebellion, in July 2000 which featured the hit single "Turn Me on 'Mr.
Callenish Circle was an extreme metal band from the Netherlands.
They are currently based in Bergen, Norway.
Since then, five original members have continued to play concerts of PCO's music, first as The Anteaters, then as The Orchestra That Fell to Earth.
Rolling Stone has stated that "the Donnas offer a guileless take on adolescent alienation; they traffic in kicks, not catharsis, fun rather than rage".
Grant McIntire and Andrew Champion also played in the band Dance Hall Crashers.
Both musicians are of the singer-songwriter style.
Three Days Grace is a Canadian rock band formed in Norwood, Ontario in 1997.
The earliest lineup of the Speakers was Rodrigo Garcia, from Spain Colombian Humberto Monroy, Fernando Latorre and guitarists Oswaldo Hernandez and Luis Dueñas.
The band's debut album, Give Me a Wall, was released in 2006.
Their own tracks, "The Music's Got Me" and "Runnin'" were minor hits in the UK Singles Chart.
According to the band's Twitter account, its name comes from combining two R.E.M.
In August 2012 they released new album called Ladilafé, a tribute to Patricia Bonnetaud who died in February 2012.
In 2007, lead vocalist Jang Jin-young teamed up with Kim Sung-pil to form the R&B duo, ByJinSung.
Known as the Thinking Man's Hillbillies, they received a Grammy in 1959 and are members of the Country Music Hall of Fame.
He died from the illness in 2013.
Brooks, Manuel Sanchez, Aaron Crawford, and Lucas Dills.
UK music magazine Terrorizer ranked Morbid Angel's 1989 debut 'Altars of Madness' first in its list "Top 40 greatest death metal albums".
The Smiffenpoofs have built up a discography of several CDs and records over the past thirty years.
The Soft Pink Truth also has recorded a number of remixes, including one for Björk's single "It's in Our Hands".
Tarsha's return would be short-lived, once again departing the band with Ladyjack vocalist Rick Stitch joining in his place.
Ministry is an American industrial metal band founded by lead singer and only original member Al Jourgensen in 1981.
In 2004, their most recent album, Tentando Imaginarios, was released, with the hit single "Buscama."
They were also hosting a show on Belgian television, Alter8.
The Leaves were an American garage rock band formed in San Fernando Valley, California in 1964.
The band released two CDs on mp3.com, and as it was spread quickly among underground sources, the band steadily built up their following.
The band had a number of albums and a string of hit singles until 1989.
The Walkabouts were an American rock band formed in Seattle in 1984.
Johnson was later replaced by Paul Banks.
Proyecto Uno is a Dominican-American latin house group which helped popularize a style of music which blends merengue with rap, techno, dancehall reggae and hip-hop music.
The band's name subsequently became the title of an early Sex Pistols song, as well as a 1981 Public Image Ltd album and its title track.
The word itself means "heaven" in the Australian aboriginal language.
The name "This Mortal Coil" is taken from the Monty Python's Flying Circus "Dead Parrot sketch", which in turn is a quote from Shakespeare's Hamlet.
Pride And Fall is a futurepop act from Stavanger, Norway, formed in 2000 by Sigve Monsen, Per Waagen and Svein Joar A. Johnsen.
1, Spooks garnered a hit with the single, "Things I've Seen".
The group was formed in 2002, releasing their debut album titled The Magic Numbers on 13 June 2005.
According to Peter Lewis, "I think Neil knew, even then, that was the end.
The original members of the band were Chris Breetveld, Jim Johnson on guitar, vocals & mandolin type things, and Dennis McGrath on Vocals and harmonica.
Soul for Real is an R&B group from Wheatley Heights, New York, currently living in Atlanta, Georgia made up of brothers Christopher Sherman Dalyrimple a.k.a.
OBK is a Spanish synthpop music group from Barcelona composed of Jordi Sánchez and Miguel Arjona.
It featured guest performances from Arthur Brown, Julianne Regan, Nick Pynn, Christian Riou and Steve Bronski.
MAW has a history as remixers, having reproduced tracks for various acts both inside and outside the world of dance music.
It was released by Geska Records and was mastered by Mike Wells of Gridlock.
In 2009, Guinness World Records cited her as the most awarded female act of all-time.
During the 1990s, they also recorded two albums for Sugar Hill Records.
After the release of There Will Be Blood Tonight Fugitive Records went under and The Divorce was left without a record label.
Disconvenience was a punk band from Umeå in northern Sweden.
Many of his longer works are snippets of song parodies collected together into an extended medley, such as Grease Wars or It's A Fanboy Christmas.
My Shameful was a doom/death metal band with Finnish, German and American members.
Differences of opinion on the kind of songs they wanted to play finally reached a point of no return and Step Forward was dissolved.
Hadag Nahashaˈdaɡ naˈxaʃ]) is an Israeli hip hop/funk band, founded in 1996 in Jerusalem.
Organized Noize is an American hip hop/R&B production team from Atlanta, Georgia composed of Rico Wade, Ray Murray and Sleepy Brown .
The band were noted members of the traditional music scene in Ireland.
With the addition of friends Greg Hetson and John Stielow on drums, the band's first gig was opening for Black Flag.
The Earls, sometimes credited as Larry Chance and the Earls, were a popular recording group from the 1960s formed in The Bronx, New York.
In August 2011 Toby joined Jeremy Camp's band, a popular Christian pop/rock artist as his lead guitar player.
They released three studio albums before Buena announced her departure in December 2005, leading to Amelle Berrabah being brought in to replace her.
The original line up split in 1992 but the band reformed later in the year as Slade II.
The band's tenth studio album Ghosts of Download, was released in 2014 and their eleventh studio album Pollinator was released on May 5, 2017.
The other members continued under the name the Prunes until they split up in 1990.
Warner then refused to accept Badfinger's next album, Head First, because of the dispute with Polley, leaving the band destitute.
D12 has had chart-topping albums in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia.
They tour regularly with Jonathan Coulton, singing backup vocals for a number of his songs.
Luar na Lubre is a Celtic music ensemble from Galicia, Spain.
scene, Those Unknown has faced claims by critics that they were communist, in part due to Richard Owens' column in Maximum Rock 'N' Roll.
Some notable on-stage guests of The Codetalkers have been Jimmy Herring, Derek Trucks, Bob Weir, Mike Gordon, Hubert Sumlin, Ron Holloway and Ike Stubblefield.
Bôa's current lineup consists of Jasmine Rodgers, Steve Rodgers, Alex Caird, and Lee Sullivan.
He also produced a rap song, "Lucky Charm" for the same company.
The hit single from this release was "C'mon C'mon", which reached No.
The band consists of guitarists and vocalists Ian MacKaye and Guy Picciotto, bassist Joe Lally and drummer Brendan Canty.
The Get Up Kids were viewed throughout their existence as a prototypical emo band, having been major players in the Midwest emo movement of the mid-1990s.
Modjo was a French house musical duo made up of producer Romain Tranchart and vocalist Yann Destagnol.
A fourth album has reportedly been in preparation since the late 1990s, with some sessions taking place under the tutelage of Tricatel owner/in-house producer Bertrand Burgalat.
Some of their more popular songs included "Share It", "Hugga, Hugga" and "The Best That I Can."
They were included in both Rolling Stone and VH1's lists of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time," at number 67 and 61 respectively.
Bands like Venom, Slayer, Celtic Frost, Voivod, and Darkthrone have been noted as influences also.
The Five Man Electrical Band is a Canadian rock group from Ottawa.
Their live performances are delivered with energy and passion.
Racetraitor is an American political straight edge hardcore punk band from Chicago, Illinois.
Musically, it also featured a grittier, more rap-oriented sound, and more explicit lyrics.
The Baldwin Brothers are a Chicago-based lounge/electronica duo composed of Jason Hinkle and TJ Widner.
The group uses percussion instruments and synthetic sounds.
Eddy Grant, at times sporting dyed blond hair, founded the group.
They also featured on many movie soundtracks.
Nortec Collective is a musical ensemble formed by various individual one or two man production projects.
The band is a side project of Hocico member Racso Agroyam.
Living Colour is an American rock band from New York City, formed in 1984.
The band is known for their unique, confronting and intense themed performances incorporating elements of theatre and art, often dubbed "orchestral sci-fi art rock".
That year, it was also named band of the year and album of the year.
Stabbing Westward reunited in 2016 to celebrate their 30th anniversary together, and will play more shows in 2017.
Kortatu was a ska punk band from the Basque Country formed in Irun in the summer of 1984.
Niyaz is an Iranian Canadian musical duo.
Both were nominated for an AVN Award.
In the campaign for 2000 parliamentary elections they, together with many other rock musicians, supported Social Democratic Party of Croatia and other opposition parties.
Mantronix was an influential 1980s hip hop and electro funk music group from New York City.
Fishmans was a Japanese dub music band formed in 1987, known for their unique dub-based sound and the distinctive vocals of lead singer Shinji Sato.
Unfurled was released on August 27, 2008 on CD Baby.
Mustard Plug is a ska punk band from Grand Rapids, Michigan.
[2] Group leader Allen Karpinski was interviewed about the group's music on the same program in September 2004.
The Runaways, though never a major success in the United States, became a sensation overseas, especially in Japan, thanks to the hit single "Cherry Bomb".
The songs "You Are My Joy" and "Cartwheels" were featured on the 2009 Snow Patrol best-of album, Up to Now.
The group comprises rappers Joey Starr and Kool Shen.
Band, was an American post-disco/funk band, which formed in 1979 and disbanded in 1987.
After numerous sessions in Lincoln at Circle M Studios, 'Hear!
They released four albums and two EPs on Flying Nun Records.
Zabrecky's lyrical content often described love lost and slacker life in Los Angeles.
The band was a multi-recipient of the Juno Award.
Their eighth and latest studio album Low Teens was released through Epitaph on September 23, 2016.
Téléphone was a French rock band formed in 1976 by Jean-Louis Aubert, Louis Bertignac, Corine Marienneau and Richard Kolinka.
Danyel Morgan, Jason Crosby and John Ginty are former members.
One of the reasons the pistol grip style is so common in machinery is because it is possible to ergonomically position the operating controls.
Their name means 'Sun of the Illimani.'
That year they signed to Ralph Records and released their first album, Half-Mute.
All members are vegans or vegetarians and most follow or followed a straight edge lifestyle.
The band revolves around the distinctive vocal style of multi-instrumentalist and songwriter Luke Steele.
Ghost Mice's records are available through Chris Johnston's record label Plan-It-X Records along with the respective labels, such as No Idea Records, that released them.
The group toured the United States, Europe, and Australia, with bands including the Foo Fighters, Sonic Youth, and Guided by Voices.
They were the first ever Irish act to take part in a Eurovision Song Contest semi-final.
Flights have also described their style as "Some big guitars, some pretty guitars, irregular time signatures, harmonised vocals and a whole lotta groove."
They have released six studio albums: Coming on Strong, The Warning, Made in the Dark, One Life Stand, In Our Heads, and Why Make Sense?.
Articolo 31 was a band from Milan, Italy, melting hip hop, funk, pop and traditional Italian musical forms.
Guitarist and arranger Jimmy Vivino is the group's leader.
With Memorial, Moonspell also became the first Portuguese heavy metal band to have a record certified gold status.
It was later removed from sale as Collaps closed and re-released again in 2013.
The group received the Nynorsk User of the Year award in 2004.
In 2008, Geoffroy started an electronic side-project called Position Parallèle which fused together EBM with minimal wave style sounds.
Following liberation in 1944, a Fourth Republic was established and later dissolved in the course of the Algerian War.
Its two founding members met originally at the University of New Mexico.
Dave Matthews Band, also known by the initialism DMB, is an American rock band that was formed in Charlottesville, Virginia in 1991.
Toilet Böys reunited and played their first surprise concert on June 14, 2010 at Le Poisson Rouge in New York City.
There were three Golden eras of the Drifters; the early 1950s, the 1960s, and the early 1970s.
Members have gone on with other musical projects, most notably the band's violinist/vocalist, Joan Wasser, as Joan as Police Woman.
There have been few occasional performances since.
They are considered to be one of the most influential bands from the former Yugoslav new wave rock era and the Yugoslav rock scene in general.
Oil is a Christian thrash metal band from Long Beach, California, USA.
Before Ever After was released on February 24, 2015, with the new lineup performing three live shows in New York to coincide with the release.
They underwent several genre and line-up changes during its seven-year existence between 1984–91, and released five albums beginning with their 1985 debut Mantronix: The Album.
A compilation of unreleased tracks was released in 1994 on the CD The Final Blow.
Although from Memphis, The Scruffs projected an English pop style and were influenced by The Beatles and The Kinks, among others.
Jason McCash was in the Doom metal band, The Gates Of Slumber before he passed on.
Old Time Relijun is a band founded in Olympia, Washington, United States and a longtime member of K Records.
To date, Red has released five studio albums: End of Silence, Innocence & Instinct, Until We Have Faces, Release the Panic, and Of Beauty and Rage.
After a long hiatus Schaft resumed activities in 2015.
The band became well known for its hit Rakkautta ja piikkilankaa in 2004.
Hollenthon is a heavy metal band from Austria founded in 1994.
Their last studio album was released in 1994.
successfully turned mainstream Korean music into music for the younger generation.
On March 31, 2007, the band held a surprise concert under the alias Babylon Horse in Helsinki, Finland.
The group's work was strongly influenced by classical music, particularly inspired by the minimalist music of the late 20th century, and its compositions reflect this.
A second album, tentatively titled When Man and Machine Collide, was partly recorded, but the death of Schuldiner in 2001 put the recordings on hold.
Like its two predecessors, the album included a number of songs in English.
Their third, Deep in the Iris, was released on April 28, 2015, and was awarded the 2015 Juno Award for Alternative Album of the Year.
Showbiz and A.G. are an American hip hop duo from The Bronx, New York City.
It was held the weekend before Auckland Anniversary Day, in late January.
The name of the band came from SR-71 Blackbird, a supersonic surveillance aircraft of the United States Air Force.
Originally, it consisted of only three instrumentalists who invited different vocalists periodically.
The band currently consists of Jordan Pundik, Ian Grushka, Chad Gilbert, and Cyrus Bolooki.
They eventually changed their names to Deedee Sperling and Dick St. John.
Besides Bill Gaither, singers with the longest tenure in the band include Guy Penrod, Mark Lowry, Michael English, David Phelps and Wes Hampton.
It also hit the Billboard Soul Singles chart, peaking at #19 and the Hot 100, peaking at #42.
The Waitresses were an experimental post-punk band from Akron, Ohio, known for their singles "I Know What Boys Like" and "Christmas Wrapping".
After Libby Hodges left in 2004, Natasha Noack joined the group on a temporary basis, but the group eventually set on with the four remaining members.
Hollywood Rose reunited briefly in 1985 with Rose, Stradlin, Weber and Darrow returning and adding former L.A.
Most of the band's albums were recorded at their own Strawberry Studios in Stockport and Strawberry Studios in Dorking, with most of those engineered by Stewart.
and The Sweet Escape while Tom Dumont released his own solo music project, Invincible Overlord.
Da Weasel was a Portuguese hip hop/rock band from Almada, and Virgul.
The Timex Social Club was an American contemporary R&B group, formed in 1982 and best known for the 1986 hit single, "Rumors".
Prior to formation, the four founding members of Taxiride—Hall, Singh, Watson and Wild—had been playing in cover bands around Melbourne.
However, in 2009, Kannberg released a solo album under the name Spiral Stairs.
Their music combines pulsating rhythms with multiple guitar effects and dynamic volume shifts.
Later that same year, they signed to BNA Records and released their self-titled album.
Despite this, Jon Wiederhorn of MTV, in June 2003, referred to Marilyn Manson as "the only true artist today".
They enjoyed considerable popularity in many countries, although they did not achieve major US chart success until 1966 with "Bus Stop".
Carpark North is a Danish electronic rock band.
Trumpeter Scott Steen was Bette's featured soloist.
It contains four versions of the song, including a remix by Martin Gore of Depeche Mode, and an exclusive track called "Your Sister Says John".
2007 sees a return to a deeper house sound as shown in their 10 years anniversary compilation; 10 Years Of Blackmusik.
Their single "Dream Girl" features guest vocals by Miho Hatori and was featured on a CD produced & distributed by American Eagle Outfitters.
Flaming Fire is an American arts collective and experimental rock band from Brooklyn, New York, United States, which formed in 2000.
Deströyer 666 is an extreme metal band formed in 1994 by guitarist K. K. Warslut.
After working with Warren G on his debut album Regulate...G Funk Era, the Twinz released their own debut album Conversation in 1995.
The group originated in Melbourne, Australia and by 2001 had relocated to Europe.
They are known as pioneers of Korean hip-hop who helped bring the genre into the mainstream.
The album received generally excellent reviews, with Uncut, musicOMH and Mojo awarding it four stars out of five.
In 1990 Jones was replaced by Robbie Watts on guitar and vocals.
The departure of lead vocalist Chris Notaro in 1988 started the band's gradual decline, despite the Crumbsuckers attempts to create a new identity.
When the group disbanded in 1982, their first 15 singles were re-released and all placed within the top 100.
The Cockroaches released their third album, Positive, in June 1991 and left their label by the end of that year.
Úlfur Eldjárn, who has composed a lot of music for theatre and TV series.
Formed in 1995 by singer and guitarist Tamala Poljak, the group had originally been a guitar and drums duo with Poljak and drummer, Kevin Hair.
All this culminated in three sold out concerts, two of them in Coliseu dos Recreios and the other in Porto.
The original four members of the group are Imani, Slimkid3, Bootie Brown, and Fatlip.
Following the release of the album, the band joined Ehud Banai on the road, for a collaboration that continues to this day.
In 2009 the line-up had Miehs and Pope joined by Cain Cressall on vocals, Dan Quinlan on bass guitar and Robin Stone on drums.
An unauthorized translation of their song "Llorando se fue" by French producers Jean Karakos and Olivier Lorsac resulted in Kaoma's hit "Lambada".
It was founded in 1970 by the Czech composer Petr Kotik, who serves as its director, and is based in New York City.
They incorporate elements of metal, dark wave, deathrock, alternative and synthpop.
Their singles "Rapture" and "Falls Apart" gained radio airplay on rock stations throughout the U.S. Their second album was the critically acclaimed Vol.
The Iveys were the first group signed by the Beatles' Apple label in 1968.
In addition to their own material, Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show performed songs written by the poet Shel Silverstein.
They are nine-time Grammy Award-winning pioneers of the Christian music industry.
After the breakup, Svenonius, Canty, and Gamboa went on to form the short-lived Cupid Car Club and The Make-Up.
The original lineup consisted of two brothers, Brandon and Benjamin Curtis, and Josh Garza.
They were, however, one of the most prominent and successful platinum-selling Canadian bands of the early 1980s.
Following the release of their Rubber Room LP in 1995, Jacob's Mouse split.
Black Cat Bones were a British heavy blues rock group from London.
Desmod is a Slovak music band, playing mainly mainstream pop-rock songs, founded in 1996.
Humanos however was a short-lived project, as there were few unreleased António Variações’ songs.
Deville performed lead vocals and guitar on the album.
Soopa Villainz was an American hip hop supergroup based in Detroit, Michigan.
Illdisposed is a death metal band from Aarhus, Denmark that was formed in 1991 by vocalist Bo Summer and guitarist Lasse Bak.
The group began as a jangly indie pop band, influenced by Primal Scream's early sound.
In time for their debut in 1970, Ax Genrich had replaced Kennedy to solidify the classic Guru Guru line up.
Their sound is a mix of garage rock, post-punk, and modded pop.
Shihad are a rock band from New Zealand, formed in 1988.
A live vinyl-only LP, Conference Live, followed in 2009 on Important Records.
The Breeders' most successful album, Last Splash, is best known for the hit single "Cannonball".
Phil X and McDonald both became official members in 2016.
They released seven albums on the Windham Hill label.
King Giddra was a Japanese hip hop group that started in 1993.
The band consists of brothers Chris and Richard Adams, and friends.
The Foreign Exchange is an R&B/electronica/hip hop duo consisting of the American rapper/singer Phonte and the Dutch record producer Nicolay.
As of 2006, the band is no longer signed to a major record label, and has since been independent.
The Curtain Society is a band which formed in Southbridge, MA in 1988, and consists of singer/guitarist Roger Lavallee, Ron Mominee and Duncan Arsenault.
The band released their debut album, Raintown, on 1 May 1987 in the United Kingdom and in the United States in February 1988.
Little Brazil has played alongside bands such as The Good Life, Cursive, Make Believe, The Meat Puppets, Nada Surf, The Thermals, and Tegan and Sara.
Their music is often characterized as "fun punk" due to its cheerful music and vocals.
The group released their last studio album Camera Camera in 1992, which was written and produced solely by Zoheb.
On their third album, Electric, the band supplemented their post-punk sound with hard rock; the polish on this new sound was facilitated by producer Rick Rubin.
The group influenced the work of many successful, mainstream bands, and are now considered instrumental in Australia's musical growth.
The third album, The Black Mages III: Darkness and Starlight, was released in 2008.
The trio consists of Shelley Breen, Denise Jones, and Leigh Cappillino.
Imagination Movers is a band formed in New Orleans, Louisiana, in 2003.
The band originally consisted of John Garcia, Arthur Seay, Miguel Cancino and Dave Dinsmore.
After a brief split they reformed in 1988, and a number of times subsequently, with new albums appearing in 1992, 2002, 2011 and 2016.
With Strummer, the Latino Rockabilly War created the album Earthquake Weather, released through Epic Records.
They have also played alongside such acts as Caribou, The Organ, Matt Pond PA, and Holy Fuck.
In 2005, the trio released an album, Black Dialogue.
Language of Flowers are a five piece indie-pop band originally from Belfast in Northern Ireland signed to San Francisco indie label Shelflife Records.
Soulburn is a doom/black metal band from the Netherlands.
Di Derre is a Norwegian Pop rock band, founded in 1992.
Their first album, Abba Are The Enemy, was released in 2004.
B(if)tek were an Australian electronic music duo comprising Kate Crawford and Nicole Skeltys, which formed in Canberra in 1994.
In 2000, they shortened their name to DHG.
Bikini Kill was an American punk rock band formed in Olympia, Washington, in October 1990.
Aryan or Arian is the first Persian pop band consisting of both male and female singers and players in Iran after the Iranian Revolution.
The title of Ildjarn's 2005 release, Ildjarn is Dead, further supports this conclusion.
Originally, it consisted of Bordonaba, Colombo, Rojas and Luisana Lopilato, who left the band in 2005.
Sholi is an indie/alternative/experimental group that originated in Davis, California, and now has members dispersed throughout the San Francisco Bay Area.
Crumbsuckers played its latest reunion show at the 2015 Black N' Blue Bowl Festival at Webster Hall in New York City on Sunday 17 May 2015.
Ünloco is an American metal band formed in Austin, Texas.
Chuck Norman replaces Pemberton for their 2017 releases.
Throughout the group's existence, the individual members have ostensibly attempted to operate under anonymity, preferring instead to have attention focused on their art output.
They were one of the artists named on the Nurse with Wound list
The trio is known for their technical, intricate style, unorthodox song structures and energetic stage presence.
The band has also been writing and recording new material, and in June 2016 released their first single for 25 years.
The band is named after a verse  from "Der Asra" by Heinrich Heine.
They recorded three albums of mainly traditional British folk music, sung in arrangements for their three unaccompanied voices.
Members included founder, Roddy Ray'da and Spencer P. Jones.
Richardson left the band soon after this.
7 and is the biggest hit of his tenure.
Tony Pallotta became a music pastor at Mountain Christian Fellowship.
Casey Kasem, and doubtless many others, mistakenly thought that the two were instead husband and wife.
He is considered to be one of the greatest songwriters in Norway.
They turned professional in 1976, with both of their violinists having studied under the tutelage of the renowned Oscar Shumsky, alternating as first and second violinists.
In spite of their political content, SC5's songs were often filled with the kind of wry, outlandish humor exemplified by the band's name.
Dulce Liquido is a Mexican aggrotech and power noise group.
Blueprint 76 was a Detroit pop punk group started in 2002 by Royce Nunley after eight years in The Suicide Machines.
McFly are an English pop rock band formed in London in 2003.
Reinforcing the songs of Neol Davies were the voice and rude girl style of Pauline Black and the rhythms of Desmond Brown on the Hammond organ.
People in Planes were a Welsh alternative rock band from Porthcawl, active from 1998 to 2013.
At the start of 2007 The Violets released their most acclaimed and successful single to date, 'Foreo'.
Bands OK Go, They Might Be Giants, and British Sea Power also contributed to the project.
The event was videoed by Matt Carpenter, high altitude marathoner and posted on their Myspace page.
The Deadly Venoms was J-Boo's professional introduction.
New Kids on the Block enjoyed success in the late 1980s and early 1990s and have sold more than 80 million records worldwide.
Whilst never officially disbanding, they ceased recording and performing in 1979.
The second album, 95200, came out in 1994.
Mathus appears on both their Sympathy for the Record Industry-released LPs.
They have supported MC5, Rollins Band, A Perfect Circle, and Mudhoney and have toured in Canada.
Deep Purple were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2016.
Later on, the group successfully founded its own label, Besotico Records, thus sealing their independent personality.
This led to plans for a full comeback, although the reformation was not widely publicised until the beginning of 2006.
Wilco's lineup changed frequently during its first decade, with only singer Jeff Tweedy and bassist John Stirratt remaining from the original incarnation.
The Valves released three singles and then broke up in 1979.They reformed for a one-off gig in Edinburgh 21st December 2014.
As stated in a 2013 interview, the group had never disbanded.
The constant in the band has been Slim Cessna, formerly a member of The Denver Gentlemen along with David Eugene Edwards and Jeffery-Paul of 16 Horsepower.
Common Rider was a ska punk band, formed in 1999 by Jesse Michaels, Mass Giorgini and Dan Lumley.
This song was entirely written, produced, performed and sung by himself.
The Psychedelic Furs are an English rock band founded in London in February 1977.
Chasing Victory is a rock group from Camilla, Georgia.
Stretch Princess was a British alternative rock band, which formed in 1996.
The release date is to be confirmed as at February 2011.
The album achieved moderate success, peaking at number 26 in April 2001 and eventually being certified Gold.
Tentatively named "The Wanx", the band selected their name, which is German for "quick window", because it "appealed to [their] perversity".
Signed to A&M Records, the members were David W. Ross, Matthew Pateman, Tony Dowding and Ally Begg.
Its recordings of this era included collaborations with singers such as Frank Sinatra and Ella Fitzgerald.
The group underwent several personnel changes and split up in 1986.
The Stooges were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2010.
The Soul Survivors are an American, Philadelphia-based, Soul Music and R&B group, founded by New York natives Richie and Charlie Ingui along with Kenny Jeremiah.
The line-up was completed in 2004 with drummer Mark Napier, bassist Twist, and guitar player Mario.
The band soon expanded to a four-piece, adding multi-instrumentalist Adrian Finch.
Rammstein's entire catalogue is published by Universal Music Group.
The band is featured in the 2007 documentary Punk's Not Dead.
9 on its list of the "100 Greatest Japanese Rock Albums of All Time".
This demo got excellent feedback and BRT got offers from labels right away.
Their signature song is Prithibita Naki, a reflection on how television creates urban alienation.
For most of this time, Darkthrone has been a duo of Nocturno Culto and Fenriz, who have sought to remain outside the music mainstream.
Dark left the project shortly after, and was replaced by engineer Matt Didemus.
5 in the UK in 1980, was the first of ten UK top 10 hits, including a No.
found: quantity of sheep were a Perth-based, Australian experimental rock band that formed in 2001 as a collaboration between Trent Barrett and Neil Rabinowitz.
The experimentation in studio started in 2001, but Tanghetto was formed as a band in late 2002.
Lofofora is considered one of the pioneering acts of the rap metal genre in France.
The Breetles debut album, Squares in Paris, was released in 1986 but recorded over a period of four years starting in 1982.
The duo produced one album, with four singles released from it, and remixed many songs towards the end of the 1990s.
The group was the first multi-racial group to have a number one hit in the UK in the 1960s.
They formed in 1993 with Benjamin Kowalewicz as the lead vocalist, Ian D'Sa on guitar, bassist Jon Gallant and drummer Aaron Solowoniuk.
Los Suaves is a Spanish hard rock band from Ourense, Galicia.
Luzbel is a heavy metal band from Mexico, founded in 1982 by Raul Greñas, Antonio "la Rana" Morante, Jorge Cabrera, Hugo Tames and Fernando Landeros.
The Sunrays were an American band from Pacific Palisades, California.
Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine were an English indie rock band formed in 1988 by singer Jim "Jim Bob" Morrison and guitarist Les "Fruitbat" Carter.
Despite their brief history, Lync gained a small but hardcore fanbase in the indie music scene, particularly in the U.S. Northwest.
This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb was a folk punk band from Pensacola, Florida, United States.
In 2002 they sent copies of their first album, Trece, to stores.
This track is exclusively available on the 197666 7-inch LP and the band-released "Chop off My Hand" CD-R.
La Polla Records was a Spanish Basque punk rock band, formed in 1979 in Salvatierra/Agurain, a small town in the Basque Country.
Shitdisco were a dance-punk band from Glasgow, Scotland.
In 2010, they re-released the album Feeler with Kirtland Records.
Their influences include European classical music, rock, blues, jazz, world music, and surf music.
They have released a handful of albums and singles, mainly on label Kill Rock Stars, including a remix 12" featuring DJ Spooky.
Pegboy has been touring through the summer of 2009 with Face to Face and Polar Bear Club.
By mid-2016, Corgan stated that they were considering reforming the band's original lineup, though no concrete plans have been revealed.
This line-up would be joined by new vocalist Kate Jacobi.
Anarchy Club is an alternative rock/electronica duo from Boston, Massachusetts.
Its current line-up includes Selim Öztürk on electric guitar, Burak Karataş on drums and Ozan Anlaş on vocals.
Street Dogs are an American punk rock band from Boston, Massachusetts formed in 2002 by former Dropkick Murphys singer Mike McColgan.
They found immediate success with the release of their self-titled debut album in July 1993.
Their style was surreal and infused with the space age.
In 1998, the single The boy from West Bronx, received some attention from international media such as MTV.
In 2010 the duo reunited as Itch-E and Scratch-E to release new material.
Super Junior, also known as simply SJ or SUJU, is a South Korean boy band.
Musicians included Annie Hardy, Greg Foremann, and Rob Barbato.
Until his death in 2011, early member Rob Grill and a newer lineup of the Grass Roots continued to play many live performances each year.
Moğollar is one of the pioneer bands in Turkish rock music for about 40 years and one of the founders of Turkish folk rock.
The band was founded in 1945 by accordionist Lionel Cormier, and has been performing almost continuously throughout the United States.
The band relied on the use of both soprano vocals and death grunts.
The current lineup of 7 Seconds is Kevin Seconds, Steve Youth, Troy Mowat, and Bobby Adams.
Its million-selling signature tunes included "26 Miles," "Big Man," "Lazy Summer Night," and "Down by the Station."
Soon after the release of this demo Phillip died in a car crash and not long after, Stefan committed suicide.
Placebo are an alternative rock band, formed in London, England in 1994 by singer-guitarist Brian Molko and guitarist-bassist Stefan Olsdal.
Behexen is a Finnish black metal band founded in 1994.
In the rest of Europe, their biggest break into the mainstream was with the single Process, which reached number 5 in the Spanish charts.
Their singles include "Shut My Eyes", "Down Again", "Gravity" and "Secret Agent Man".
The band was founded in 1973, by guitarist Randy Rhoads and bassist Kelly Garni under the name Mach 1.
The band played shows with touring acts such as, Living Sacrifice, Zao, Training for Utopia, and No Innocent Victim.
They have performed over 4,000 times since their establishment in March 1980.
The name Madder Rose came from the herb-based paint rose madder.
He was to have conducted Mozart's opera Così fan tutte.
People have been guessing what the next move will be for the band and its members.
Released in Europe on Falsetto Records, the song was again aired by John Peel.
They freely mix traditional Bulgarian music with hard rock and heavy metal.
After their first two albums, Adema, and Unstable, the band was plagued with years of conflict and lineup changes.
After their initial success, the brothers were joined by their siblings Susan and Paul and their mother Barbara.
Wizzard were an English glam rock band formed by Roy Wood, former member of The Move and co-founder of the Electric Light Orchestra.
All successful musicians in their own right, Bellowhead's bandmembers played more than 20 instruments between them; whilst all performers provided vocals.
On February 8, 2014, the band successfully funded the production & manufacturing of their newest album, While Laughing, The Joker Tells The Truth, via Kickstarter.
The band released their debut album Scenic Routes in 1992 as a one-time collaboration.
Starflyer 59 is an alternative rock band from Riverside, California that was founded in 1993 by Jason Martin, brother of Ronnie Martin of Joy Electric.
The inventive sampling and keyboard artistry of Mark Degli Antoni undergirded the band's distinct sound.
The group issued eight studio albums before disbanding in 1994.
In 2012, the band released the commercially and critically successful, A Different Kind of Truth, with Roth as lead vocalist.
It was released in the U.S. in September 2004.
The Ragamuffins are a British indie pop band based in the North West of England, close to Manchester and Liverpool.
Law, when a special and unique interpretation of a case or authority is found to be necessary
The album topped the Billboard charts and had the third-best debut week of any album that year.
The band played their final concert on 12 May 2000 at the Dirty Water Club.
The group formed when Song met Nakamura and Iizuka at a school in Osaka.
The group played surf rock which included elements from garage rock.
On the basis of his artistic attainment, he has received prizes from Minister of Culture and Arts, and Ministry of Culture and National Heritage in Poland.
The band has released one album, Sharpen Your Teeth.
He used a falsetto style that had its antecedents in African music, but which was new to the popular jubilee singing style of the time.
True Steppers were an English UK garage production duo, consisting of Jonny Lisners and Andy Lysandrou.
The Surf Punks were road managed from 1980 to 1983 by Michael Parenti, who also provided many of the T-shirt designs for the band.
The band self-funded and co-produced their third album, Be Human, which featured orchestral and choral elements.
"The Latino Rockabilly War" was a band most notable for backing The Clash frontman Joe Strummer on one album.
I couldn't get a decent musician to play with me, except Chad Allan, who had also been in The Guess Who and left.
Minawo was formed in 1999 after Matsuura and Yamaguchi met in a club while both were attending University of Kitakyushu.
In 2000 The Kry formed The Max Ministries to evangelize specific regions, including the French-speaking areas of the world.
However, the band now feeling disheartened, and disappointed in EMI, decided to call it a day at the end of 1985.
At various points in their existence, the band was also known as Dalek I.
The original members were Andrew Kinlochan, Chris Park, Mikey Green, Peter Smith, and Nikk Mager.
They made two studio albums with several guest musicians and disbanded in 1986.
Madness are an English ska band from Camden Town, London, who formed in 1976.
In 2016, the band announced its fifth studio album, Last Place, which was released in March 2017.
Optimus Rhyme was a hip hop group from Seattle, Washington.
Their music is characterised by a fusion of Beatlesque pop, classical arrangements, and futuristic iconography.
JFJO's music is not easily categorized; although it is mostly in the jazz idiom, it draws from hip hop, funk and rock music.
The band had a hit with its 1996 single "Sucked Out" off their album Regretfully Yours, for which a video clip was broadcast regularly on MTV.
The band later made the tracks available through SnoCap and on their MySpace page.
Chemlab was an American industrial rock band formed in Washington D.C., in 1989 by Dylan Thomas More, Joe Frank, and Jared Louche.
The band came to prominence following the release of their Grammy-nominated and chart-topping disco version of "Comfortably Numb" and subsequent debut album Scissor Sisters.
They moved to Richmond in 1990, and soon, after numerous line up changes, put together a solid lineup to release their first album "Satiate" in 1992.
Their style was influenced by pub rock, glam rock and raw 1960s beat music as delivered by bands like the Small Faces and The Who.
He has also recorded and produced numerous bands through his own Louder Studios.
For the whole 2008 TCIOF was touring around Europe.
La Pandilla was chiefly instrumental in the later success and development of one of history's most legendary boy bands: Menudo.
In 2001, the band changed its image by adding guitarist James Valentine and pursuing a different direction under the name Maroon 5.
By the late 1940s Turner had renamed this group the "Kings of Rhythm".
Hampton would go on to form the band Manifesto.
In 2000, Goldblade then recruited a new percussionist, Martin Gray, into the line up and recorded two further singles "AC/DC" and "Who Was The Killa?"
They adopted a musical direction of Celtic and pop music in the 1980s and 1990s, as evident on Macalla, and Anam.
Formed in 1997, it consists of Isam Bachiri, Waqas Ali Qadri, and Lenny Martinez.
The Divine Comedy are an orchestral pop band from Northern Ireland formed in 1989 and fronted by Neil Hannon.
World Party is a British alternative rock band, which is essentially the solo project of its sole member, Karl Wallinger.
Strung Out is an American punk rock band from Simi Valley, California, formed in 1989.
In 1994, the band's tour saw them opening for the group Traffic, as well as headlining an extremely successful Australian tour.
They recruit additional members for their live performances and have toured internationally.
The installation was described in articles by Vice Magazine and The New York Times, and kept a website.
Throughout the 1990s, the Mountain Goats were known for producing low-fidelity home recordings and releasing recordings in cassette or vinyl 7" formats.
Dando has remained the band's only constant member.
They played one song from the pillows' second album 90's My Life.
The LBC Crew is a collective of Long Beach-based rappers.
Trollech is a band from Plzeň in the Czech Republic that produces black metal music.
As the group's lineup changed over time, their focus became less performance-based and more musically based, fine-tuning their sound into a dense wall of noise.
Crocker National Bank was a United States bank headquartered in San Francisco, California.
Sam Marsh played in oldschool hardcore band 'Volunteers' for a time, before forming dub band 'Zen Reggae Masters'.
Among their charting singles, they achieved Top 10 three times, Top 20 three times and Top 40 eight times.
Westlife were an Irish boy band, formed in Sligo in July 1998 and disbanded in June 2012.
They made their debut with the single "One True Love" on February 18, 2004.
Their music combines a "danceable ska and rocksteady beat with punk's energy and attitude".
The band underwent several lineup changes early in their career, along with some major changes later on.
In the course of 90 days, they perform at countless weekly shows, parties, restaurants, backyard gatherings, cobblestone streets, and stadiums.
In 2011 Ranaldo announced that the band was "ending for a while" following the separation of married couple Gordon and Moore.
The band is part of the New Wave of American Heavy Metal.
The band's history can be roughly divided into three eras.
During the course of 1990, Asphalt Ribbons became a six-piece, acquiring Craig Chettle.
All Living Fear were described by Mick Mercer in his Hex files book as "The hardest working band in this section" 
Although the group formed in San Diego during 1997, no current members reside there.
They spent 2008 working on their fourth studio album, Artwork, which was released in August 2009.
Eudoxis are credited as having the longest and loudest bass drums on record.
This album's genre has been labelled as "forest pagan black metal".
The influence of ethnic music and folk music of Republic of Macedonia are recognizable in the use of odd meters and non-traditional scales.
Jeter formed the group in 1938 as the "Four Harmony Kings" while he was working as a coal miner in West Virginia.
The first album recording was What Absence Yields.
Gravity Kills is an American industrial rock band from St. Louis, Missouri.
While, Clementine formed his own indie group The Camerawalls with the band's original member, Law Santiago.
2008's Tijuana Sound Machine by Bostich and Fussible was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Latin Rock/Alternative Album.
The band's fourth album, Helios, was released in February 2014.
The main cast and musical group was composed of:
They appeared twice at the Royal Albert Hall and toured with Cliff Richard, Adam Faith, and Morecambe & Wise.
Supersystem was a band from Washington, D.C. described as a mix of rock, punk, pop and dance music.
In that same month they released their second full-length album Flight Of The Raven, with the band again choosing to record with producer Jack Endino.
Marco Antonio Solís also wrote and produced albums for artists such as Marisela, Rocío Dúrcal, Beatriz Adriana, El Pegasso de Emilio Reyna and María Sorté.
MCYO was the impetus for starting the Gifted and Talented program run by the Maryland State Department of Education.
They were critically acclaimed and achieved a cult status.
The Mooney Suzuki is an American garage rock band that formed in New York City in 1996.
They play Pop'n'Roll with references to the 1960s and a modern touch.
Bombing was a graffiti term for writing, like people would 'bomb' trains or whatever."
He is currently signed to SMC Recordings.
Later, MC Mikey D replaced Large Professor.
The program has four orchestras composed of students from elementary level through high school, with participation's based on an annual audition.
They perform songs from Allin's back catalog as well as their own original material.
The group split up in 1994, following a final farewell tour of Australia.
They split up in November 2005, shortly after parting ways with their label Echo Records.
in May 2004 and achieved chart success with "Why Won't You Give Me Your Love?"
Their keyboard player was Chris Stainton, another Sheffield born man who went on to tour extensively with Eric Clapton.
If Berkeley's not having it, you know you're in for rough sledding."
This gang had political motivation to uplift young Spanish and Black men in the community.
Musically, the band incorporates elements of black metal and folk metal in their sound.
The founder members were two like-minded university students—Gordon Jones, and Bob Thomas.
Since their inception in Athens, Georgia, in 1986, Widespread Panic has risen to elite status among American jam bands.
In 2009 the band undertook a tour to celebrate their 40th Anniversary and continue to perform live in various capacities.
Since then, the trio has recorded three subsequent albums, Population: 1975 in 1999, 3 in 2001, and Make Yr Life in 2004.
Rather than relying primarily on strummed chords, songs are generally built by combining single-note melodic lines.
In the UK, they never charted with an album but charted with one single, the organ-based track "Sympathy", which peaked at number 27.
"I hope people can create their own stories around the music and maybe we can make music together, the listener and I.”
Remy Zero was a Birmingham, Alabama-based alternative rock band made up of Cinjun Tate, Shelby Tate, Cedric LeMoyne, Jeffrey Cain, and Gregory Slay.
In June, Mephiskapheles released its eponymous EP, the first new Mephiskapheles music in 16 years, on Meph Records, in 12-inch vinyl and online digital formats.
The band's first release, "Broadcaster", was often referred to as "Cheap Trick meets Nirvana" and featured power-pop two-toned guitar crunch and a stunning power backbeat.
Its first hit was Mała Lady Punk.
They have given a series of artist talks discussing The Blow as a mode of performance art.
Among other notable projects, they have recorded the complete Naxos Quartets cycle by Peter Maxwell Davies.
David Crowder Band was a six-piece Christian rock and modern worship band from Waco, Texas.
Originally a group of five members, with lead vocalist Izumi Sakai as group leader.
During this time the band's popularity began to spread across mainland Europe and they appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show in the United States.
The band took their name from Elvis Presley's stillborn twin brother, Jesse Garon Presley.
The Incredible String Band were a psychedelic folk band formed by Clive Palmer, Robin Williamson and Mike Heron in Scotland in 1966.
The original albums and additional archival material have subsequently been released on CD.
The remaining members were Katsuo Ohno on keyboards, Hiroshi Oguchi on drums, and Ittoku "Sally" Kishibe on bass.
A new single, "Guilty of the Crime", a duet with The Bellamy Brothers, was released in June 2009.
As of late, former Blood of Abraham member Benjamin Mor has become an in-demand music video director.
Their third studio album, Grow Up and Blow Away, was recorded in 2001 and it was initially planned as their debut album.
The rest of the group is looking for a new vocalist.
The three members of the group control all aspects of their recordings, from the composition, the arrangements to the record production.
Louis Svitek went on to later perform with Ministry and has since opened his new recording studio and label, Wu-Li Records.
David Devant & His Spirit Wife are an indie/art rock band from Brighton, England.
The band members include Eric Axelson, Jason Caddell, Joe Easley, and Travis Morrison.
Their style is described as intricate and groove-led with many categorizing them as post-rock.
Formed in 1985 as Forbidden Evil, the group was founded by Russ Anderson and Craig Locicero, who were both ever-present members.
They had an unusual experience for a British band in that they enjoyed commercial success in the U.S., but never in their homeland.
Turbonegro is a Norwegian punk rock band, initially active from 1989 to 1998, then reformed in 2002.
Scott Thurston joined the band as a multi-instrumentalist, mostly rhythm guitar and second keyboards, in 1991.
In 2006, Eudoxis were asked to reunite for a large Canadian heavy metal festival but this long-awaited reunion was not to be.
The quartet won the International Quartet Championship of the Barbershop Harmony Society in 1993.
Stabbing Westward is an American industrial rock band.
Mystic Chords of Memory is an American alternative rock duo consisting of Christopher Gunst of Beachwood Sparks and Jen Cohen of The Aislers Set.
The group recorded three studio albums: Trick Pony, On a Mission and R.I.D.E., released in 2001, 2002 and 2005, respectively.
The concept album reveals the voyage of two young people who struggle to free themselves from human-trafficking pimps and a tyrannical religious cult.
The Flying Steps are considered to be one of the most successful urban dance acts worldwide.
Ozomatli is an American six-piece band playing primarily Latin, hip hop, and rock music, formed in 1995 in Los Angeles.
In the next year, Reis also left the group to focus on his solo albums.
Since their formation, Forbidden have broken up and reformed twice with numerous line-up changes.
They disbanded in 1993, and have reformed several times in subsequent decades.
They had several chart hits through the 1940s, both under their own name and in association with Tommy Dorsey and with Frank Sinatra.
After leaving Buffalo Springfield in 1968, Neil Young would go on to achieve even greater fame as a solo artist.
Also known as D-Plan or The Plan, the name comes from a stray phrase uttered by insurance salesman Ned Ryerson in the popular comedy Groundhog Day.
The supporting tour, one of the band's largest, started on October 6, 2007 and ended on September 19, 2009.
The Sheer is a Dutch band playing pop and melodic rock music.
Their style also appeals to children, and they are sometimes considered a children's band.
Non Phixion is a New York-based hardcore hip-hop group.
The band released their third album, Centuries Before Love and War, to the iTunes Store in August 2006 and released a physical copy in January 2007.
They had a succession of hits worldwide, including eight Top Ten hits in the United States, in the early 1980s.
To date Acid Android has released three albums, one mini album and EP, two singles, and three live DVDs.
The group's live performances from time to time include a DJ, guitar player and strippers.
The original members were singer Jon King, guitarist Andy Gill, bass guitarist Dave Allen and drummer Hugo Burnham.
Chris "Frenchie" Smith and bassist Steven T. Hall had previously been in the Sixteen Deluxe and Joey Shuffield in Fastball.
Incorporating psychedelia and elements of embryonic electronic rock, the band's sound was marked by innovative recording techniques with fuzz-toned guitars and oscillating sound effects.
Helmkamp said of the reunion: "It just seems like the planets realigned.
Like the Gorillaz, they are a virtual band.
However, they disbanded shortly afterwards, releasing their final studio album post-split in 1991 after an acrimonious parting of ways.
The band's music combines jazz, R&B, funk, and pop music.
The band has sold 28 million records in the United States.
They formed in 1972, naming themselves after a kind of sugarcane and a street on Gorée, a Senegalese island.
The band released four albums and achieved two UK Top 20 hit singles before splitting up in 1995.
The band also performs as an alter-ego band called "Bad Boys, Be Ambitious!"
They split up after six years and four albums, although they reformed five years later, in 1987.
They are compared to bands like Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Missing Persons and The Sounds, although they are more electronic.
In English the name is sometimes rendered Zdob shi Zdub, and this is how their work is catalogued at iTunes and elsewhere.
The brothers' music has attracted worldwide attention and brought them to audiences from Togo in West Africa to Carnegie Hall in New York City.
Formerly called Mesh—changed to Mesh STL after the name-conflict with Mesh—the band renamed and restarted as Modern Day Zero.
According to Jon Foreman, the name "Switchfoot" comes from a surfing term.
The Raybon Brothers charted in 1997 with a cover of Bob Carlisle's pop hit "Butterfly Kisses".
Their music is stylistically similar to early black metal acts such as Venom and Celtic Frost.
Curry also performs with Seth Horvitz under the name Moron.
Devon VrMeer completed the trio as drummer.
Dub Syndicate's new sound centered on the interaction of Scott, Sherwood, and members of Tackhead, Skip McDonald, Keith LeBlanc and Doug Wimbish.
Their eighth album, You Know Who You Are, was a featured release on NPR in February 2016.
Past members of Pray for Rain: Gary Brown, Paul Trupin and James Woody.
Hi-Standard is a Japanese hardcore punk band who formed in 1991.
A gig in Germany with Pungent Stench led to a deal with Nuclear Blast in 1989.
Hank Williams III was initially supposed to take part in this first reunion show, but had to bow out due to personal issues.
Initially, they pioneered the musical genre of folk rock, melding the influence of the Beatles and other British Invasion bands with contemporary and traditional folk music.
In addition, Michaels' multi-instrumentalist abilities on organ, piano, harpsichord, clarinet and recorder provided the band with a richer sonic palette than many of their contemporaries.
Metalucifer is a Japanese heavy metal band, formed by Gezolucifer in 1995.
The Terminals are an alternative rock band from New Zealand.
Trevor Kustiak formed The Pocket Studios with Mike Turner and produced albums for Evans Blue and Rains.
A final single followed soon after, before the band split in 1969.
Though they are presently involved in other projects, Fold Zandura's website maintains that "the band's not officially dead".
Brian McFadden was a member from July 1998 until his departure in March 2004.
The first, Introducing Cadallaca, was released by K Records in 1998.
Sigur Rós is an Icelandic post-rock band from Reykjavík, who have been active since 1994.
Humanos is the name of a musical band from Portugal formed in 2004.
They are part of the Xauxa ayllu of the Bonilla family.
It has also charted in Belgium's French records market and in Switzerland.
In essence, it was a rockabilly band with a heavy Latino and reggae influence.
Composed of Jen Wood and Madigan Shive, they were active in the grrrl pop scene, playing what was later to be termed folk punk.
Signed to The End Records and Germany's Massacre Records, the band has released 4 albums and 1 EP.
Girugamesh was a Japanese visual kei metal band, formed in 2003.
The trio formed in 1995 and have sold over 50,000 records.
19 Wheels was an American Rock/Alternative rock band from the mid-Michigan area.
The band consists of Chris DeMakes, Roger Lima, Vinnie Fiorello, Buddy Schaub and Peter "JR" Wasilewski.
In 2002 Varius Manx won the Baltic Prize in Karlshamn, Sweden with the song "Moje Eldorado".
Vanilla Fudge also is known to have influenced other major bands such as The Nice, Deep Purple, Yes, Styx, and Led Zeppelin.
At least one song, "Left for Dead", was slated to be a track on a follow-up Van Halen album which would have featured Cherone.
The group were formed by vocalist KatieJane Garside and guitarist Crispin Gray, who had previously collaborated in the celebrated but short-lived band Daisy Chainsaw.
Fingers, Inc., was a Chicago house music group consisting of producer/arranger Larry Heard and vocalists Robert Owens and Ron Wilson.
Their first album "Voices" was released in January 2008.
The Accafellas have released five CDs to date, and are currently producing a sixth.
Government Issue originated from the Washington, D.C. hardcore scene but added elements of heavy metal, new wave, and psychedelic rock on later records.
Currently, the group comprises singer and harmonica player John Popper, guitarist Chan Kinchla, drummer Brendan Hill, bassist Tad Kinchla, and keyboardist Ben Wilson.
The Format chose their name to make fun of the music industry's inclination towards a cookie-cutter "format" for a hit.
Baccara was a female vocal duo formed in 1977 by Spanish artists Mayte Mateos and María Mendiola.
In Finland the band has also toured with Nile, Misery Index and Grave as well as supported Obituary, Napalm Death and Vader at one-off shows.
The band mixes country, surf, punk, big band, swing and rockabilly into loud, energetic songs with often-humorous lyrics.
The longtime line-up comprised by a young vocalist Fidel Nadal, Horacio "Gamexane" Villafañe on guitar, Felix Gutiérrez on bass, and drummer Pablo Potenzoni.
They brought back the rebellious feel and the aggressiveness lost by the grunge and alternative music movement.
The Geto Boys have earned notoriety for their lyrics covering controversial topics such as misogyny, gore, psychotic experiences, and necrophilia.
Their song "Sincerely" went to number 1 on the Billboard R&B chart and number 20 on the Billboard Juke Box chart.
Cats Can Fly began as a school rock band called Ethos at Elia Junior High School in North York, Ontario in 1971.
The Curtain Society has also performed with Mark Burgess from The Chameleons.
Vitamin String Quartet's cover of "Motion Picture Soundtrack" was featured in episode six of the HBO series Westworld, "The Adversary."
Their second studio album Demon Days went six times platinum in the UK and double platinum in the US.
The music video game Guitar Hero included the band’s signature song "Eureka, I've Found Love" as a bonus song.
In 2006, the band joined Robbie Williams's tour to South Africa and performed alongside Robbie Williams and Freshlyground in Johannesburg, Durban and Cape Town.
They came to prominence as members of the Gang Starr Foundation.
The Steve Miller Band is an American rock band formed in 1966 in San Francisco, California.
Barnum on three episodes of The Radio Adventures of Dr. Floyd.
The two later Viking Crown releases would feature Necrophagia frontman Killjoy on vocals and Phil's now ex-wife Opal on keyboards.
They were among the few Australian bands to record Peel Sessions – others were The Birthday Party, The Triffids, The Go-Betweens and Laughing Clowns.
The band has to this date produced six albums, where the majority of songs are in German.
Sugar Plum Fairies is a folk and pop band from Fyresdal, Vest-Telemark, Norway formed in 2000, who released one studio album.
They are best known for their #1 US dance hit, "Cherchez La Femme/C'est si bon", from their self-titled debut album.
The 40-piece orchestra, conducted by Sybille Werner, was recorded on November 9, 2006, at the Julia Richman Education Complex in Manhattan.
Ella also has a career as a solo performer, radio presenter and TV personality.
In 1982, the choir released Christmas for Everyone; and Children's Party Time, which included 32 arrangements of songs including ABBA's "Waterloo" and "Dancing Queen".
The Nosebleeds were a short-lived punk band formed in Wythenshawe, Manchester, England in 1976.
The Real People are an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1988.
The much anticipated disc saw the bands paranoid urgency and schizophrenic dynamics further highlighted by adding string arrangements and electronic elements.
The band is composed of vocalist and rhythm guitarist Shawn Harris, lead guitarist and backup vocalist Jonathan Devoto, bassist Justin San Souci, and drummer Matt Whalen.
The Rosebuds are an indie rock band from Raleigh, North Carolina, United States.
The band began essentially as a solo project for Wilson, who created all of the band's music.
Perrault's Histoires has had considerable impact on world culture.
They remain the most successful German female band.
The band are considered as one of the pioneering forces behind what is dubbed as the "21st Century pop revolution of Pakistan".
They blend rap, reggae, metal and hardcore into their music.
The band was formed mainly as a studio project and have released three full-length albums and two stand-alone songs on compilation albums.
Brave Belt I and Brave Belt II were re-released on a single CD March 17, 2009.
They were initially an indie rock supergroup of sorts, with a rotating cast of prominent Champaign/Chicago area musicians.
Despite publishing records and touring regularly they did not get a major success until they released the single "Viimeisellä rannalla" in 1993.
and the Chipmunks, premiered on Nickelodeon on August 3, 2015.
This was Bloom's first performance with the band since his departure in 2010.
The group was originally composed of members Cam'ron, Jim Jones and Freekey Zekey, all of whom grew up together in Harlem.
Anekdoten is a Swedish progressive rock band, composed of guitarist/vocalist Nicklas Barker, cellist/keyboardist Anna Sofi Dahlberg, bassist/vocalist Jan Erik Liljeström and drummer Peter Nordins.
In March 2011, Stefan Poiss released the debut single from his side project THYX.
Their other recordings include works by a wide range of composers on the Melodiya, Teldec, Virgin Records, and Chandos Records labels.
Kobukuro, a Japanese band, formed in 1998 and made its major label debut in 2001.
And if somebody’s acting out of line, he gets his ass kicked.
In 1998 they recorded Candy from a Stranger.
Brian Cormier is a fourth generation member of the Sundown Playboys.
Essential Logic is an English post-punk band formed in 1978 by saxophonist Lora Logic after leaving X-Ray Spex.
With Rough Trade's financial troubles and the band's decision to manage themselves, The Sundays' next single, "Goodbye", did not emerge until 1992.
They are often credited as one of the seminal and most influential bands in the power metal and speed metal subgenres.
Halestorm is well known for their near non-stop touring, often performing as many as 250 shows a year.
Giuditta also provided the vocals on electronic artist, Joe Pacino's song, "Miss You So Bad".
The original Tell All Your Friends line-up reunited in 2010 and has released three studio albums: Taking Back Sunday, Happiness Is, and Tidal Wave.
The word "Sunnah" is also used to refer to religious duties that are optional, such as Sunnah salat.
The River City Brass Band is a modified British-style brass band based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Orsa Spelmän have so far released two albums, Ödra and Orsa nästa, and appear on several records together with Benny Anderssons Orkester.
Singer Brian Diaz went on to form The Reunion Show with ex-members of Step Lively and The Lightweights.
Two of their albums, The Yearning and Junk Theatre peaked at No.
Chairmen of the Board is an American-Canadian, Detroit, Michigan-based soul music group, who saw their greatest commercial success in the 1970s.
The band began as a side project, but became a full-time job after the Ramones disbanded.
Their first hit, which reached #16 on the UK Singles Chart, was a remix of Eric Carmen's "Hungry Eyes".
Métal Urbain was one of the first French punk groups, formed in 1976 in Paris.
Days of the New is an American rock band from Charlestown, Indiana, formed in 1995.
The band broke up in 1980 after Underwater Moonlight.
The subsequent threat of legal action was not exactly helped by a "Fuck off McDonald's" poster and T-shirt campaign.
The project was formed in 1997 by Duncan Patterson and Moss.
They are the "1st-generation K-Pop idols" and was named as one of the top boy groups in the 90's with H.O.T.
Following their initial breakup in 2000, members went on to form The Frisk.
The same model was used for the vinyl cover.
After another long hiatus, Slipknot released its fifth studio album, .5: The Gray Chapter, in 2014.
The band's following first two major-label studio albums, Nothing's Shocking and Ritual de lo habitual, were released to widespread critical acclaim, and an increasing cult fanbase.
The rhythm section was subsequently replaced, and the final lineup included Evans, Wadley, bassist Jordan Redaelli and drummer Steve Masterson.
Dr. West's Medicine Show and Junk Band was a psychedelic rock band.
However, its music has been highly influential, often being cited by many bands as an influence musically, visually and lyrically.
Bellowhead was an English contemporary folk band, active from 2004 to 2016.
The band released their debut, self-titled album with German-based Elektrohasch Records in 2005.
In December 2006, near the end of the Echoes of the Past tour, Dead Moon announced their disbandment.
In 2007, the band returned to the studio with producer John McEntire to record their fourth full album, Qhnnnl.
I Love You But I've Chosen Darkness is a post-punk revival band from Austin, Texas.
Other singles included "Erase/Rewind" and "My Favourite Game" from the album Gran Turismo.
It has since been noted as the band's signature song and has received critical acclaim.
Carnal Forge are a Swedish band, best classified as thrash metal with some melodic death metal influences.
VM's 2017 silver medal is their fourth overall.
The band is known for their song "Girl Next Door".
It debuted in 1982 in Tokyo, Japan.
Guns drummer Rob Gardner to the group.
Dead Kennedys vocalist Jello Biafra signed them to his independent Alternative Tentacles label.
The group featured a theatrical presentation that centered on manic lead vocalist, Tomata du Plenty.
The group disbanded in 1998, after which Christensen started a successful solo career.
They also issued the live album Live at London Astoria 16.07.08 in 2009 and the compilation album Best of 00–10 in 2011.
Spawn of Possession is a technical death metal band from Kalmar, Sweden, founded in 1997.
Love and Rockets' fusion of underground rock music with elements of pop music provided an early catalyst for alternative rock.
Matlock was replaced by Sid Vicious early in 1977.
In 1990 the group released their first album "Razum i Bezumlje".
Bass player Kris Baldwin did some session work for Epic Records and then recorded and played with Action Action.
In 2009 West and Laing briefly relaunched the band, with Jack Bruce's son Malcolm substituting for his father on bass.
Formed in 1995, the band's lineup currently consists of singer Ben Ward, guitarist Joe Hoare, bassist Martyn Millard, and drummer Chris Turner.
The Drifting Cowboys were the backing group for American country legend and singer-songwriter Hank Williams.
The musicians wear all-white clothing with black boots and black bowler hats.
During their speech Karen said that all five sisters will reunite and sing together again.
Sheena Ko began performing with the band in 2010 on keyboards and vocals.
Frontman Andrew Wood's personality and compositions helped to catapult the group to the top of the burgeoning late 1980s/early 1990s Seattle music scene.
They then released Nádúr, their first studio album in fifteen years.
101 Strings had a trademark sound, focusing on melody with a laid-back ambiance most often featuring strings.
They released their second album with MCA Records.
Bassist Cale Gontier is the cousin of Adam Gontier, the lead singer of Saint Asonia and former lead singer of Three Days Grace.
The Melvins are an American rock band that formed in 1983 in Montesano, Washington.
The band's fifth studio album, Time of My Life debuted at No.
They have also appeared on numerous Bright Eyes records.
Mephiskapheles began playing frequent shows with the Blue Meanies, from Chicago, and Inspecter 7, from New Brunswick, New Jersey, during this time.
They had four studio albums and one compilation album.
In 1978, he founded the London Classical Players and remained their musical director until 1997.
Summercamp Reunited Mid 2015 and performed a reunion show August 8th at Velvet Jones in Santa Barbara.
Clubland are a series of compilation albums released by Universal Music TV, AATW.
In 2003, the album was ranked number 368 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
They toured Europe in 1995 and in their songs they rapped in Spanish about the social and political problems in Colombia.
The band is best known for its 1970s hit "Third Rate Romance".
His first hit was "El que siembra su maíz", followed by classics such as "Lágrimas negras" and "Son de la loma".
Surviving members reformed Little Feat in 1987, remaining intermittently active to the present.
Since his release from prison in 2009, he has recorded several more albums.
The other official members of the band are Tom Constanten, John Perry Barlow, Keith Godchaux, Donna Godchaux, Brent Mydland, and Vince Welnick.
Original vocalist Michael Monroe and guitarist Andy McCoy reunited in 2001 with a new line-up of Hanoi Rocks until 2009.
The group's name Adjágas is a Sámi word describing the mental state experienced between waking and sleeping.
Their most recent album, Candela, was released on January 29, 2013.
On 22 April 2009, they released their fifth and first self-produced album, "Goodbye to Romance".
They are one of the founders of the Celtic punk movement, albeit 10 years after The Pogues.
The band has produced gold and platinum albums.
Björn Carlberg was with the band until 2003.
Dennis drowned in 1983 and Carl died of lung cancer in 1998.
Their first hit "Plus haut" reached rank #1 in the French charts and so did their first and only album called Popstars.
Hanna–McEuen was an American country music duo comprising first cousins Jaime Hanna and Jonathan McEuen.
The band reformed in 1984 with a different line-up, but did not last long.
Currently Glenn Kaiser has an established solo career as a blues musician and is also a speaker on various spiritual issues to youth and adults.
In 2011, the band embarked on a reunion tour.
GrimSkunk is a rock band from Montreal, Quebec, Canada, with punk, rock, progressive and world music influences.
It may also be used as palliative treatment or as therapeutic treatment.
Throughout its existence, of Montreal's musical style has evolved considerably and drawn inspiration from numerous 1960s psychedelic pop acts.
On September 28 and 29, 2007 the Wadaiko Yamato musical group performed at the 2007 Universal Forum of Cultures in Monterrey, Mexico.
The lead singer in the group was Isabelle Heitmann, who was born in Oslo, Norway in 1972.
Marzari has since joined Brazilian death metallers Abhorrence, who are signed to French label Listenable Records.
Bardeux is a dance duo from the 1980s.
Pleymo has sold over 100,000 albums to date.
The band performed throughout 1982–1984, but their career did not take off until Gillespie left his position as drummer of The Jesus and Mary Chain.
It has been noted by singer and songwriter Brendon Urie in several interviews that a lyric taken from the song "Panic" inspired Urie's band's name, Panic!
Frontman Grant and Simon Werner later formed Bartok with Jah Wobble, recording a 12" single, "Insanity".
Cubanate were an industrial band from London, founded in 1992 by Marc Heal and Graham Rayner with Phil Barry and Steve Etheridge.
The band's music, heavily influenced by older death metal and grindcore, can be characterized as a fusion of these with speedcore, and gabber.
Jordan was most unusual at a time when conductors flew about the world from one engagement to another.
are an experimental indie rock band, heralding from Nottingham and Loughborough, England.
Cold Chisel are regarded as having a distinctly Australian popularity and musicianship, exemplifying "pub rock" and highlighting the working class life in Australia.
In 2012 the production Decenniale was set up at Husets Teater in Copenhagen, celebrating the 10th anniversary of Afenginn, featuring guest musicians, scenography, actor and choir.
Avary is a multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter, and producer.
It is known for its live performances, containing a high degree of spontaneity and levity, and blending rock, pop, jazz, blues and Tin Pan Alley styles.
Keep of Kalessin is an extreme metal band from Trondheim, Norway formed in 1993.
In 1995, the family moved back to Japan, and Yumi attended Tama Art University and Emi attended Keio University.
Band members Larry Farkas, Doug Thieme, Roger Dale Martin, and Glenn Mancaruso left following Once Dead and formed the band Die Happy.
The band, which was founded in 1999 under the name Tanagra Noise, consists of Mihnea Blidariu, Nick Făgădar, Sorin Moraru, Răzvan Ristea and Șerban-Onțanu Crăciun.
Just before the release of Hawaii, they were forced to change their name when threatened with legal action by the K-Tel corporation.
Throughout the band’s history, their musical style has encompassed a broad range, including dark ethereal ambient trance, voiceless industrial soundscapes, and electronic pop music.
Saliva later released their third studio album titled Back into Your System on November 12, 2002 which reached No.
Eppu Normaali is one of the most popular rock bands in Finland.
In 2006, the band announced its reformation.
The Stormstrike releases have been given solid reviews worldwide, in such media as Kerrang!, Maximumrocknroll and Metal Hammer, describing the bands output as moshy, metallic hardcore.
The group subsequently received an endorsement from Bridge Instruments, manufacturer of electric violins.
The band are known for the use of electric slide guitar in their music.
In 2003, each release in the band’s discography was remastered and expanded with bonus tracks on Broken Rekids.
The group consists of Helen Marnie, Mira Aroyo, Daniel Hunt and Reuben Wu.
For the books collectively known by this title, see William Mayne.
Members had been working with Matt Focht, via the internet, working out tunes and being creative.
They were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 2001.
1 albums and sold more than 100 million records worldwide.
Willard Grant Conspiracy was an alt-country band based originally in Boston, Massachusetts and later near Palmdale, California, U.S..
The zodiacal light decreases in intensity with distance from the Sun, but in naturally dark skies, it is visible as a band completely around the ecliptic.
Many of the Mills Blue Rhythm Band's recordings are now considered jazz classics by collectors.
The Squirrels actually preceded the Chipmunks on television in an animated cartoon, but with much less success.
They were signed to Starwatch Music and released their debut album Temptation December 2006.
Though Born Against received little media exposure while still together, they have since been described as "legendary" by the Chicago Reader and the LA Weekly.
The single releases, "Crows" and "Sleepwalkers", each appeared in the UK Singles Chart for one week.
The New Meanies, originally called the Blue Meanies, are a Canadian four piece rock band from Winnipeg.
Although these three band members remained fairly constant, they went through numerous drummers, including Duff McKagan, later of Guns N' Roses.
Their debut album, Phantoms, was released in 2005.
Often referred to with the abbreviation CXS, their motto is "Live Love Be Believe".
Halloween, Alaska is a Minnesota-based band consisting of James Diers, Jake Hanson, Bill Shaw, and David King.
It had several minor hits through the 1970s and 1980s.
Over the last half-century, the group amassed many gold records.
The band's members are songwriter Paul Shaffer, songwriter Jack Butler, Jim Reeves and Matt Taylor.
In September 2007, Rolling Stone Japan rated their 1980 live album Rhapsody at No.
Buried Again was released in February 2008 on Memento Materia for Scandinavia, Infacted for Germany and ArtOfFact in the USA.
The band has released three subsequent successful studio albums since then: Watch Out!
They have toured across Japan, Europe, Scandinavia, the United States, South America, and Australia, and have composed over 350 songs.
Eskobar is the name of a Swedish indie/pop band that was founded in 1996 some 30 kilometres north of Stockholm, in the small town of Åkersberga.
The name was suggested to Sixx by industry friend and photographer, Dano Panariello.
The Box Tops were an American rock band, formed in Memphis in 1963.
According to The Washington Post's Martin Weil, the band rose to the center of the counterculture of the 1960s.
Spirit of the West were a Canadian folk rock band from Vancouver, active from 1983 to 2016.
Following this, in 2009, the Scruffs reconvened, first in Glasgow and later in Memphis, to record a new album, called "Conquest."
Several weeks later Simply Slang hit No.
As of 2006, the band has released two singles, three EPs and three albums.
They also founded their own record label Pssst Music.
The pistol grip often serves multiple functions such as a magazine housing, bipod, or tool storage.
Nokturnal Mortum is a Ukrainian black metal band from Kharkiv.
Four Leaves was a Japanese boy band from the talent agency Johnny & Associates.
Poor Righteous Teachers is a hip hop group from Trenton, New Jersey, founded in 1989.
After a hiatus, the band reformed in 2014 and released another album under the "Future Leaders of the World" name, Reveal, in March 2015.
In January 1996 Stevie Plunder was found dead at the base of Wentworth Falls.
The band received critical and popular acclaim internationally.
McMahan's previous band Slint hinted at the distinctive sound and sombre aesthetic he would create in The For Carnation.
The Most Serene Republic is a Canadian indie rock music group formed in 2003 in Milton.
The Boom is a Japanese rock band.
Throbbing Gristle were an English music and visual arts group formed in 1976 in Kingston upon Hull.
The two have now got involved with another group named Love Bites and Bruises.
In 1960, John's older brother Tom, who had been in local bands since 1958, began singing with the group.
They have also recorded under the name Projektor 7, adding music to silent movies.
That resulted in the latter changing its name to Shape:UK, but for the United States only.
The band are ranked number 26 on VH1's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock.
Deacon Blue are a Scottish pop rock band formed in Glasgow during 1985.
She has continued to work directly with Swift from 2008 until the present.
Each member’s creativity has taken various forms over the years.
Currently, Keen is touring as a one-man band.
Their sound is characterised by a mix of energetic drumming, angular guitar and bass riffs, and call-and-response vocals.
Formed in 1995, they first split up in 2002 and have reunited occasionally since 2005.
From then on they began to introduce more rock elements, inspired by their new drummer Patrick Cox.
Their classic line-up consisted of lead singer Roger Daltrey, guitarist and singer Pete Townshend, bass guitarist John Entwistle, and drummer Keith Moon.
Popular within the Latin club scene while simultaneously pioneering a darker, more experimental, more poetic side of Spanish-language electronica, Mœnia has had three top-20 hits.
Guns 'N' Wankers were a punk rock band, formed by ex-members of British punk band Snuff, and British rock band The Wildhearts in the early 1990s.
The first album was recorded in their rehearsal space, a converted abbey in Lisbon.
The Tiger Lillies are a cult British musical trio formed in 1989 by singer-songwriter Martyn Jacques.
One of its compositions is a part of the soundtrack for Peter Greenaway's The Pillow Book.
Their first full-length album, Broom, was independently released in 2005.
As of 2011, the lineup consists of Patrick Stone, Michael Thomas, Lonnie Paul, Chip Z'nuff and Steven Adler.
The band finally found a stable drummer in Daniel Löble in 2005.
Les Trois Accords is a Quebec rock band from Drummondville.
It has also been said that they have a darkwave sound.
A fourth full-length, Life Like, was released in Oct. 2008.
Angry Salad's recording of the Bob Dylan song "My Back Pages" was used as the theme song for the short-lived WB Network series D.C.
Their final album, Dancing Echoes/Dead Sounds, was released in 2004 on Equal Vision Records.
5 in the Swiss charts, which to this day makes it her highest-placing single.
However, there have been no further updates since February 2012.
They influenced Yeni Türkü, a Turkish group, during their debut album, Buğdayın Türküsü in 1979.
The duo were also noted for their fashion style as they would wear their clothes backwards.
They have been classified by some as post rock, but Jones has expressed some discomfort with the term.
She returned in May, 2004, and the album Neon Lights would be her second successive No.
Founded in 1953 in Léopoldville under Belgian colonial rule, the band was led by Joseph Kabasele Tshamala, popularly known by his stage name Le Grand Kallé.
KMD was a hip hop trio active in the early 1990s.
Eventually, Göttsching retired the use of the Ash Ra Tempel name after he became the sole remaining member.
The album, along with its title-track, Dancing For Victory were not that well-received as the first album was.
They are pioneers of rock en español and one of the most influential rock bands in Mexico.
In the past, band members dressed in outlandish makeup and costumes, and engaged in intentionally shocking behavior both onstage and off.
Each musician is identified by a specific color, stage name, and graphic tied into the band's theatrical nature.
When the Scientists stopped, Salmon continued the Surrealists as his main band, while also playing in The Beasts Of Bourbon.
Inspired by what they created, the passed recordings to their producer Mattias Glavå with instructions to 'make it into a record'.
Known for their left-wing politics, their lyrics often speak out against the Mafia and fascism.
Félix Carrasco - Córdova is a Mexican-Austrian conductor.
Although the band only recorded two EPs and a single before breaking up, their single "Hawaii" is one of the classic Canadian punk anthems.
The band was formed in 1998 by singer/guitarist Cory Hance and bassist Brede Hovland.
Speaking for the group, Mos Eisley put it as:
Their second full-length album, Fortress was released by Underground Operations in Canada and by Vagrant Records worldwide on January 29, 2008.
The band originated from the early "Paranoia", a band formed at Maria Reina School, a Peruvian school in 1984.
Turnbull's blue is the same substance, but is made from different reagents, and its slightly different color stems from different impurities.
Reno and Smiley were a musical duo composed of Don Reno and Red Smiley.
The band experienced major American commercial success with the 1986 release of their third studio album, Awaken the Guardian, which peaked at number No.
Keyboardist and vocalist Jonathan Bryan Williams left in 2003 but rejoined the band in late 2005.
Known for their blend of blues-rock and hard rock, Resurrection Band is credited as one of the forerunners of the Christian metal genre.
The band name means "Village Idiots" in Finnish.
Soon they caught the attention of the German label Music Maniac Records, and toured Europe successfully.
The limited edition included a package called 'The Suicide Kit', which not only contained the actual album, but also a printed razor blade and a poster.
Although the building remained shut until spring of 2006, the band continued to tour while the Hall was closed.
The band only recorded two albums between 1994 and 1995 and distributed only a few copies.
The band's name was derived in part from the phrase "The Disposable Heroes of Hypocrisy", used in some Socialist literature.
He also was one of the passing members of Angels in Vain.
Adding to this, they also won a BRIT Award for "British Breakthrough Act" in 2001.
Baltimore natives, they blended rhythm with group harmonies.
The Runaways were an American rock band that recorded and performed in the second half of the 1970s.
Front-man Russell deCarle has been touring solo to promote a new CD.
Radiation therapy is commonly applied to the cancerous tumor because of its ability to control cell growth.
The band had five Top 10 albums in the UK, and one Top 10 single, "Roll to Me", on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US.
The Duke Spirit are an English rock band based in London.
Moore died suddenly in August 2008 due to complications from injuries sustained in an ATV accident.
Reel Big Fish is an American ska punk band from Huntington Beach, California, best known for the 1997 hit "Sell Out".
The Stitches record on independent labels such as Disaster, Gold Standard Laboratories, Vinyl Dog, Suburbia, TKO, and Kapow.
- Roy Wood, Melody Maker, 3 September 1977
Following the release of their CD, the band toured out to Quebec and Eastern Canada as well as around Ontario.
It is the pair's first new album in 29 years.
Diamond Rio has recorded nine studio albums, four Greatest Hits compilations, and an album of Christmas music.
Qntal is a German "electro-medieval" band founded in 1991 by Michael Popp and Ernst Horn.
The album, 1984, was released early the next year and became their last release on Hellcat.
Founded by DJ James Di Salvio and E.P.
Their appeal to youth in some Latin American countries bordered in collective hysteria, a reaction that evoked that of Beatlemania in the mid-1960s.
They used the name Doble V but were forced to return to their original long name due to legal issues.
The group has gained a notoriety for its use of eroticism, with each live performance containing female strippers and pyrotechnics.
Afterwards, they were unable to maintain their previous popularity.
Brother Beyond were a British boy band/pop group who had mainstream success in the late 1980s.
In 2015 Mamonov reunioned the band with new members, called "Brand new Zvuki Mu".
Stiller Has are a musical trio founded 1989 in Bern, Switzerland.
2009's Design Your Universe was met with yet greater success, debuting at No.
They were put together in 1993 by Louis Walsh, who is also known for managing Johnny Logan and Westlife.
They were brought together in 1926 for a Victor Records recording session in Chicago, Illinois, and again in 1927.
Although the band initially played in a generic Oi!
Los Twist was an Argentine rock group formed on March 30, 1982, in Buenos Aires.
All but DePaola also assumed vocal duties.
Scissor Sisters is an American pop group formed in 2001.
The group's name is taken from a line in the 1968 Peter Sellers film The Party, directed by Blake Edwards.
The band was signed to Lava Records by A&R executives Rick Goetz and Jason Flom.
The band was one of the first American hardcore bands to make a significant impact in the United Kingdom.
After Morrison's death in 1971, the surviving trio released two albums Other Voices and Full Circle with Manzarek and Krieger sharing lead vocals.
Hulk Rules rose into the Top Ten on Billboard's children's chart, despite the negative feedback from critics.
1 in the UK Singles Chart, and the Top 10 in numerous other countries.
The group's cover version of the Isley Brothers' "Caravan of Love" was a UK Number 1 single in December 1986.
To tie in with their final gig, a second album, Once Upon A Time The End, was issued in 2005, on CD only.
The group was formed by studio executives at Gene Autry's Challenge Records to record a B-side for the Dave Burgess single, "Train to Nowhere".
Blam Honey was an industrial rock band, formed in 1995 with two members: Tatsuya and Ryonai.
Their music has been played on major radio networks and "Beautiful Day" has been on high rotation by ABC radio.
Peter Hoff, who runs the Benztown studios in Stuttgart, joined later, and completed the first Tiefschwarz production team.
They won the 2003 MTV Europe Music Award for the Best Portuguese Act.
Noted electronic music artist, drummer, and composer Klaus Schulze was briefly a member in an early lineup.
The group formed in 1999 and released two albums, Camino Palmero and Two, before breaking up 2005.
Blood Red Throne was confirmed February 7, 2009, to play at the Infernofestival in Oslo which took place April 8–11, 2009.
The group was formed in 1981 by the Abbott brothers – drummer Vinnie Paul and guitarist Dimebag Darrell – along with lead vocalist Terry Glaze.
Orange Sector is the name of a German EBM band from Hannover, Germany.
The band announced its break-up on 8 October 2011.
On April 22, 2014 the band released "Night Falls."
Tracks on The Orchard were "Over Again", "Red Sauce", "Greyhound" and "I Used to Live There".
They most recently released Steal Yer Heart in 2005.
won the MuchMusic Video Award for Best Rap Video in 1992.
They had four Australian Top 10 albums, Noiseworks, Touch, Love Versus Money and Greatest Hits.
Beauty Pill is a band from Washington, DC, based largely around the songs and ideas of singer/guitarist/producer Chad Clark.
Its members were in bands such as Carcass, Armageddon, Carnage, Mercyful Fate, Spiritual Beggars, Nevermore, and Eucharist.
Leitch has since retired, Curnoe was killed in a bicycle accident in 1992, and McIntyre died of heart failure in 2004.
From about 1907, when they began to record for record labels other than Columbia, they were more widely known as the Peerless Quartet.
They played four Australian shows, followed up by a further 17 shows throughout Europe to promote their album The June Frost, released that year.
In 1988 he formed Tse Tse Fly with Mark Goodrham and future Wedding Present and Cinerama guitarist Simon Cleave.
The duo consists of John Guldberg and Tim Stahl.
Since 2012, band members chosen by Grill are carrying on the legacy of the group with nationwide live performances.
It resulted in the metal opera Days of Rising Doom, which was released in 2003 by Transmission/The End Records.
They were known for their dark, hardcore delivery as exemplified in "Shook Ones."
The band also performed at the 2010 Winter Olympics closing ceremony, along with The X Factor Australia.
The band describe themselves as "Cheap Trick meets Green Day, on a bad day" and their album Therupy certainly continues to build the band's infamy.
Reagan Youth is an American punk rock band formed by singer Dave Rubinstein and guitarist Paul Bakija in Queens, New York in early 1980.
Quiet Riot is an American heavy metal band.
The etymology of the term "P-Funk" is subject to multiple interpretations.
Furthermore, Reznor typically assembles a live band to perform with him onstage.
They met in 1955, were married in 1956 and got divorced in 1975.
It fluoresces with excitation peaks at 470 and 540 nm and an emission peak at 680 nm.
By 2005, the group had been signed to Equity Music Group, an independent record label owned by Clint Black.
Upon The Incredible Machine being certified platinum, Sugarland has sold in excess of 14 million records.
Their videos have been broadcast on famous music television channels, such as MTV and HTV.
Government Issue performed occasional reunion shows in the 2000s and 2010s with various lineups, until Stabb's death from stomach cancer in 2016.
They gained limited mainstream fame after their music was featured on Fox Network's hit show The OC.
In Autumn 2010, The Bus Station Loonies completed recording their second full-length album.
The Gizmos released three 7-inch EPs on Gulcher Records in 1976, 1977, and 1978.
He is also credited for co-writing Blink-182's song "Wasting Time".
The Hot Club of Cowtown is a hot jazz/western swing trio, comprising Elana James, Whit Smith, and double bass player Jake Erwin.
The artwork for the album was created by Monica Canilao.
Benito has moved into film and television score composition.
The band is currently at work on a new album, but no release date has been decided.
The Pocket Symphonies are currently recording their next album Echo Park which is due early in 2006.
The Horny Horns were a horn section associated with Parliament-Funkadelic and Bootsy's Rubber Band led by trombonist Fred Wesley.
In its first eight years of operation 52 projects had been registered under the "Afforestation and Reforestation" scope of the CDM.
The Hippos were an American rock band formed in 1995 in Los Angeles, California, and disbanded in 2002.
The Bellrays are an American group that combines garage rock and punk with soul vocal styles.
Rose Blossom Punch is a post-grunge/alternative rock band from Seattle, Washington.
The Bobby Fuller Four was a popular mid-1960s American rock & roll band started by Bobby Fuller.
The show was won by 19-year-old Kasia Stankiewicz.
The show was broadcast live on Fuji Television.
They commenced playing shows again in mid-2015.
As other records were created, their sound and membership progressively changed from a trio to a quintet.
Their notable successes included "Sisters" and the seasonal tunes "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus", "Little Donkey", and "Little Drummer Boy".
band Complete Control, who released an LP on Oi!
The band's seventh album, Shake the Shudder, was released in May 2017.
They played Starland Ballroom again on February 13, 2010 with The Acacia Strain, Ill Bill, Reign Supreme, Razorblade Handgrenade and others.
More multimedia collective than traditional band Lucid Nation projects include zines, documentary films, and art.
One of the founders of Ukrainian black-metal scene.
Vincent returned to New York City in the US.
They have acted in various Taiwanese dramas such as Magicians of Love, The Prince Who Turns into a Frog and Le Robe de Mariage des Cieux.
The group reunited in 2008, with Dan Stevens replacing the deceased Schulthise.
Not to be confused with the New York City punk band of the same name
Zion Memorial Orchestra is a Canadian band which formed in 1999, originating from Montreal, Quebec.
The video was also added as an extra after the ending credits of Dee Snider's film Strangeland.
The voices of the group were all performed by Bagdasarian, who sped up the playback to create high-pitched voices.
Arashi officially formed on September 15, 1999, in Honolulu, Hawaii, and made their debut CD on November 3, 1999.
Far From Nowhere was released on SideOneDummy Records in the summer of 2003.
They have released several studio albums and shared billings with such bands as Aerosmith, Kiss, and Queensrÿche.
Their best known songs are: Destined to Win; Let the Whole World Sing; Six, Six, Six; Boycott Hell; Every Moment; and Casual Christian.
Happy Mondays are an English alternative rock band from Salford, Greater Manchester.
The band was founded in the early '90s in the western part of Israel's Negev Desert.
Their MySpace page only identifies Ted Nugent as an influence.
The brothers began their music careers as teenagers, fixing speakers and rewiring amplifiers at a local drive-in movie theater.
The band found commercial success in the late 1990s, with Third Eye Blind and Blue going six times and single platinum in the United States respectively.
He reformed Crowded House in 2007 and two albums have so far followed, with another solo album due in 2014.
They were managed by Alfonso J Alvarez and Gilbert Alvarez of StreetDwellaz Management and signed to Ted Field's ARTISTdirect Records.
The band is composed of twin brothers Jez Williams and Andy Williams, and Jimi Goodwin.
They were named one of Rolling Stone magazine's "10 Artists to Watch in 2006".
Their musical style varies considerably but displays influences from Krautrock, folk, and experimental noise.
The Beu Sisters are a pop-rock girl group from the U.S. state of Florida.
Their songs are a mix of live instrumentation and samples from various sources.
Since its formation, Alice in Chains has released five studio albums, three EPs, two live albums, four compilations, and two DVDs.
Hailing from DuPage County, the band's music is a mix of rock, punk, ska, and hip hop.
1 on Billboard Hot Country Songs and/or Country Airplay.
British Sea Power are an indie rock band based in Brighton, East Sussex, England, although three of the band members originally come from Kendal, Cumbria, England.
In 2008, while Deftones were working on an album tentatively titled Eros, Cheng was involved in a traffic collision.
Richard Flack was also employed to use effects and instruments.
Led by frontman Crispian Mills, the band came to prominence during the Post-Britpop era of the late 1990s.
Manfred Mann were regularly in the charts in the 1960s.
In total, they had 11 singles reach the U.S.
The term Sportfreunde literally translates to friends in sports and is also used in names of sports clubs.
Smile.dk has been one of the most featured bubblegum/Eurodance acts in the Dancemania series, along with the likes of Captain Jack and E-Rotic.
They have also disavowed political interpretations of their music specifically and "extreme political views" more generally, therefore declaring themselves a non-political band.
Formed in 1997, the group consists of emcees S-Roc, Clip, the late Reign, and DJ/producer Agile.
Cock Sparrer is a punk rock band formed in 1972 in the East End of London, England.
Mnemic  is a Danish metal band, formed in Aalborg, Denmark in 1998.
The Band will be attending the 2008 New Zealand Concert Bands Association National Festival in Wellington, New Zealand under the conductorship of Chris Fox.
Shane MacGowan and The Popes released two studio and one live album in the 1990s, performing live together until 2005.
Nobody would play with me when I left The Guess Who.
The group achieved a string of twenty consecutive top ten singles in the United Kingdom, including four number ones.
The Springbok Nude Girls is a rock band from Cape Town, South Africa.
The band gained popularity during the 1980s and early 1990s.
In the United Kingdom, they had ten Top 40 hits including "Tainted Love", "Torch", "Say Hello, Wave Goodbye", "What!
The Sons of Champlin is an American rock band, formed in the late 1960s and from Marin County in the San Francisco-Bay area.
They recorded over 25 songs and had multiple performances on Dick Clark's American Bandstand.
This line-up would record Dim Carcosa, before Smets left the band in 2002 and a replacement was found in Davy Wouters.
Drummer James "Billy" Dankert is a professional visual artist as well as a musician.
The following year they played with 40 Below Summer, Bane, a reunited Nora, and Judge the Fallen.
In 1998 they secured a deal with Blackbird / Atlantic and re-released Bizarre Gardening Accident as a self-titled album in 1999.
In April 2008, Weiland abruptly left Velvet Revolver and reunited with Stone Temple Pilots.
Smak is a Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band from Kragujevac.
The Blow Monkeys are a British new wave/sophisti-pop band that formed in 1981.
The band have also received six APRA Awards with Johns winning three songwriting awards at the 2008 ceremony.
Skeletal muscles are composed of tubular muscle cells which are formed in a process known as myogenesis.
Sportfreunde Stiller's track "Independent" from Die gute Seite was featured in the video game FIFA 2003.
They are known for making only improvised music and for the distinctive uniformity of their album covers.
Their relentless touring has gained them a cult following.
Století is a Czech band from Jihlava playing gothic rock and hard rock.
The Stems are heavily influenced by 1960s garage rock and 1970s power pop.
John Peel began spinning the single “The Big Red Machine."
The band was formed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1967 by Todd Rundgren and Carson Van Osten.
Unlike his bassist role in Ramones, Ward sings lead and plays rhythm guitar.
The band have recorded several film soundtracks.
As of 2015, they have recorded seven albums, eleven singles, six soundtracks, five tributes and seventeen collaborations and have toured Mexico and the United States.
Squirrel Bait was an American punk band from Louisville, Kentucky active from 1983 to 1988.
In 1989, the band appeared on the PBS music program Austin City Limits during Season 14.
For me, it was necessary to leave that crap behind."
Its style involves conventional jazz and the use of electronic effects and multitrack recording.
Originally from Dallas, Texas, before moving to New York City, they describe their musical style as space rock.
"As genuine roots musicians, they have few peers," according to former musician, critic and collector Michael "Cub" Koda.
The current line-up features Petteri Virtanen on bass and vocals, Joni Rossi on guitar and Esa Moilanen on drums.
Cynthia Johnson of Lipps Inc. fame and Grammy winner Ann Nesby are the group's most prominent alumni.
All Killer No Filler was certified Platinum in the United States, in Canada and in the United Kingdom.
They were nominated for a Grammy Award in 1994 for Best World Music Album, and in 1995 they won the Award for the album Boheme.
God Lives Underwater was originally signed to American Recordings after being discovered by Rick Rubin, who subsequently produced the band's first two albums.
Born on the Isle of Man to English parents, the Gibb brothers lived in Chorlton, Manchester, England, until the late 1950s.
They achieved eight consecutive UK number-one albums.
On 22 June 2016, Amjad Fareed Sabri was killed in a targeted killing in Karachi.
Their final show took place on New Year's Eve, December 31, 2015, and was filmed for a theatrical and Blu-ray release in 2016.
Genetic Control is a Canadian hardcore punk band from Montreal, whose "First Impressions" single is a sought after item for punk record collectors.
Their follow-up album, FEWturistic, was released on March 20, 2007, and featured the singles "Take It Easy" and "Drive Me Crazy".
Their second album entitled Living for Death, Destroying the Rest was released in January 2009.
Contrary to a popular myth, the father of Tom Hanks was never a member of the group.
Their songs are parodies of gangster rap mixed with Asian American culture, featuring lyrics about gangster lifestyles and Chinese food and boasting innuendos regarding women.
Their fifth studio album, The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here, was released in 2013.
Their biggest success came on the US dance charts, placing seven singles in the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart between 1985 and 1993.
These Arms Are Snakes was an American post-hardcore band that formed in 2002 and featured former members of Botch and Kill Sadie.
Once Like a Spark is the second full-length release from Northern Ireland band, Jetplane Landing.
The great adventure and experience of Blerta finished in 1975 when the troupe went out with one last tour.
The Punkles were a band performing songs by The Beatles in punk style.
The other original members were: Clarence Collins, Ernest Wright, Glouster "Nate" Rogers and Tracey Lord, the last two of whom were replaced by Samuel "Sammy" Strain.
In 1996 Pernille Rosendahl formed a band with guitarist Jonas Struck, drummer Emil Jorgensen and her then-boyfriend, keyboardist Tim Christensen.
Tons of Fun University is a musical, spoken word trio based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, which formed in 2003.
Since its debut album, the band has featured the core membership of Craig Jackson, Daryl Bradie, Matt Davis & Danny Tulen.
Multicultural rappers such as Osez serve as an interesting contrast to the "Mundart" or "dialect" rap of more traditionally Swiss MCs.
The band's members, Jez Willis and Tim Garbutt, were joined on-stage by additional musicians when they played live from 1991 to 2001.
Brian "Bob" Fouts has continued to record and tour with several bands and has produced / engineered for other bands, as well.
Jacksoul, sometimes stylized as jackSOUL, was a Canadian soul and R&B music group formed in 1996 in Toronto.
In 2016 the new drummer Jack Couzens left due to schedule clashes and was succeeded by Scott Parkinson.
Om's earliest works incorporate musical structures similar to Tibetan and Byzantine chant, as heard on the debut album Variations on a Theme.
Although Goss and White continue to work on other projects, they have both alluded to the possibility of future Goon Moon recordings on Twitter.
In 1992 they were the first Western act to tour South Africa after the lifting of the cultural isolation during the apartheid era.
Sound Team was an American band based in Austin, Texas that formed in 2000 around principal songwriters Bill Baird and Matt Oliver.
Fatal Microbes were an English punk rock band formed in 1978.
99 was a punk rock band from Sterling, Virginia, a town on the outskirts of Washington, D.C.
They have released three albums to date: I Dwell on Thoughts of You in 1999, Novella of Uriel in 2001, and Spirals in 2003.
More recently, Bud Gaugh formed the band Jelly of the Month Club, a children's music side project, with Bert Susanka.
Later, The Neptunes emerged and Timbaland & Magoo emerged as a hip hop duo, occasionally collaborating.
Pioneering the style they called electronic body music, they were a profound influence on the electronic and industrial music genres.
The name Boomtown Rats was taken from a novel entitled Bound for Glory by Woody Guthrie.
They are described by critics as one of the most influential post-hardcore bands of the 1990s.
The group is dubbed the most influential Polish hip hop band, while their so-called Hardcore Psycho Rap style is the most prominent.
They formed in 1979 and disbanded 1988.
Former members include bass guitarist Derek Forbes, drummer Brian McGee, and keyboardist Mick MacNeil.
The band was formed by twin brothers Ray and Brandon Carlisle, following the dissolution of their previous band, Homeless Wonders, in 2000.
Over fifty famous musicians started their careers with The Flowers.
The result was a tighter band, and looser "live" sound, captured by Blake by making the band perform live in the recording studio.
Lisberg sent a return plane ticket to Mickie Most so that he could come up from London to see the band play in Bolton.
Three of the members went on to form DragonForce.
Trik Turner is a rap rock band founded in Phoenix, Arizona in 1999.
Although the band has no permanent drummer or bass guitarist, Jeremy Lutito and Gabe Ruschival of Disappointed by Candy fill these roles for live concerts.
In 1989 Ron Greer joined the band as the lead singer, changing their name upon their first 924 Gilman Street performance.
The band, known for wild stage attire, released its first record in 1994.
The group was formed by Timmons in Los Angeles, California, although all of its members originate from Ohio.
Shortkut, D-Styles, Havik, and Tommy Gun were later added.
Their name is the Latin name for the common raven.
This resulted in the band's break up in 1991.
They toured extensively throughout Europe, North America and Australasia, garnering wide critical acclaim for their aggressive blend of rhythm and blues, punk and rockabilly.
Comedian Tom Green was one of the group's founding members.
On 27 January 2011, Mārtiņš Freimanis died in a hospital in Riga for a number of complications that had led to Influenza A.
The Bays are a group of musicians from England who only play live improvised jazz and dance music.
He went on to found Chicago-based band Super Doppler Wars.
The band was formed in 1996, in Hamilton, Ontario, by Tom Wilson, Stephen Fearing, and Colin Linden.
CPM 22 is a Brazilian rock band from São Paulo formed in 1995.
Formed in the early 1990s New Jersey Oi!
Audioslave was an American rock supergroup formed in Los Angeles in 2001.
Formed in December 1988, the band has released thirteen studio albums, two box sets, four video albums and two live albums.
In early 2016, the song became a viral meme called the "Running Man Challenge", which first emerged on Vine.
The band completed a Canadian tour with Grimskunk in March/April 2008, and toured central Canada with Threat Signal.
Peter Marin joined on drums to replace McGlinchey.
Do As Infinity had their first new single release "∞1", in June 2009, followed by their seventh studio album Eternal Flame.
Two years later, they released their second album The Take Off where the song "Come'n Get Me" is probably their most well-known.
Two releases appeared in 2010, the album 13:Day:Dream and the seven-tack mini album Code.
Michaels has continued to perform sporadically and to produce art.
Since 2014, the band has consisted of Chinn, bassist Dave Bacon, and guitarists Randy Steffes and Kurt Robertson.
They are known for their controversial song "Jesus", which was featured on Alternative Tentacles' infamous Let Them Eat Jellybeans compilation, and for their provocative album covers.
It was also used in Sex and the City's season five episode "Cover Girl".
The Breetles, Spooj, and Ego, The Story of the Sures .
The new form of hip hop is reggaeton, a hybrid of RnB and Rap.
Autechre have also recorded under various pseudonyms.
At work she met a man named Niclas Lindberg who recommended her for the Solid Base project.
House of Krazees was an American hip hop group from Detroit, Michigan.
The melodic Merry Go Round featured the female singer Michelle Belle.
Their new album "Es werde Nicht" has been released in September 2011, followed by a big tour with concerts of regular length.
They were one of the pioneering groups of the Madchester movement that was active during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
The Animals were known for their gritty, bluesy sound and deep-voiced frontman Eric Burdon, as exemplified by their signature song and transatlantic No.
They signed to Secret Records in March 1981, and that year released their debut EP Army Life.
Although Joy Division's career spanned less than four years, the band continues to exert an influence on a variety of subsequent artists.
Cementerio Club is a Peruvian punk rock band formed in 1996.
When the group expanded to its full family membership by 1967, the six siblings ranged in age from 8 to 19.
Late 2016 saw additional touring from the band and a statement from Lee that Evanescence would continue.
They have two official releases in the form of full-length CDs, "Arrows" and "From Dusk Till Doom".
A subsequent full release has yet to materialise despite the track's considerable success in German clubs.
The Alexandria Harmonizers are an international champion barbershop chorus based in Alexandria, Virginia.
The band has released four full-length albums, two EPs and two DVDs depicting their performances at Wacken Open Air and Bloodstock Open Air.
Fires occur naturally, ignited by lightning strikes or by volcanic products.
The band's name is an archaic Norwegian word meaning "Wrath".
Digital and physical versions have been released through iTunes and A Different Drum, respectively.
The group consists of lead singer J. Loren Wince, guitarist Michael Roberts, and drummer Victor Ribas.
Following their formation, Something Corporate recorded demos that were eventually released as an independent, minor studio album entitled Ready...
Toxik has gone through several lineup changes over the years, leaving guitarist Josh Christian as the only constant member.
Its lineup at the time was Jason Stollsteimer on vocals and lead guitar, Christy Hunt on rhythm guitar and Leann Banks on bass guitar.
Originally named No Way Out, the band released two studio albums through Warcon Enterprises and toured the world before disbanding in late 2009.
Lake of Tears is a Swedish heavy metal band originally formed in 1994, generally considered to play gothic metal and doom metal.
Two of their albums have been critical successes; The Infamous and Hell on Earth.
Smart Went Crazy was a rock band from Washington, D.C. that recorded two albums, Now We're Even and Con Art, on the D.C. Dischord Records label.
The band, in contrast to L'Arc-en-Ciel, uses a harder, faster sound, more stage-lighting and American and European-styled mechanics to further energize their concerts.
Singer/songwriter Phil Rind's interest was in socially conscious and political speed metal.
The band can be categorized, politically, as an anti-establishment musical group.
Saille consistently incorporates real classical instruments into their compositions, as well as strong influences from black metal.
Their follow-up album, R.S.V.P., was issued in 2000.
Smif-N-Wessun comprise one quarter of the Brownsville, Brooklyn supergroup Boot Camp Clik, with Buckshot, Heltah Skeltah and O.G.C.
Bill Orcutt's guitar playing was almost exclusively atonal, and performed on a four-string guitar.
During the early history of the band, they gained notoriety by inviting artists, poets, and filmmakers to display their work at their concerts.
Jamiroquai are a British funk and acid jazz band formed in 1992.
The Doodlebops was a Canadian television series.
Their early sound was new wave-influenced, but is now more improvised and deconstructed, moving away from using the synthesizers that typify new wave.
Nine Horses is a musical collaboration between singer/instrumentalist David Sylvian, his brother and frequent collaborator drummer Steve Jansen, and electronic composer/remixer Burnt Friedman.
In 2015, after releasing their self-titled fourth album, Pattern Is Movement announced their farewell tour.
Warp 11 music covers a wide range of styles including alternative, classic rock, punk, country and blues.
Blueprint also lost member Steve Toth and added "Jon Berz" on guitar who also fronts "The Cast, The Camera" and is a multi-instrumentalist for Blasé Splee.
They originally formed at Handsworth Wood Boys School - composed of David Hinds, Basil Gabbidon, and Ronald McQueen; along with Basil's brother Colin briefly on drums.
Auburn Lull is an American five-piece dream pop band from Lansing, Michigan, which formed in 1994.
In February 2006, they released "I Touch Myself" as a single; the song was later used on an episode of the TV series Veronica Mars.
Duchess Says is a Canadian punk band from Montreal.
The band's music makes frequent use of pop harmonies and the lyrics make frequent use of wordplay.
The band toured extensively in the United States and Canada, as well as in the United Kingdom.
Codling left the band in 2001, citing chronic fatigue syndrome and was replaced by Alex Lee.
Their name referred to the move various members of these bands made to form the group.
Cadallaca is an indie rock band formed at a party in Portland, Oregon in 1997.
The band was formed in 1998 by singers, songwriters and multi-instrumentalists Armistead Burwell Smith IV and Rob Crow, who have been its two consistent members.
BoySetsFire is an American post-hardcore band from Newark, Delaware that formed in October 1994.
1 position of all European alternative charts for several weeks.
Weezer is an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1992, consisting of Rivers Cuomo, Patrick Wilson, Brian Bell, and Scott Shriner.
An early version of the song "The Bionic Jam" was also used in the PS2 game ATV Offroad Fury 2 under the title "8 Cylinder Jam".
Sinamore released their first album A New Day in January 2006.
They also produced a track with house diva Celeda on the vocals called "Are You Looking For Me".
Voice Male decided at that time to keep the group at six and they remained unchanged until 2010 when Phil Kesler died from cancer.
They were managed by band manager Tim Byrne, who also formed Steps.
Their most popular song, "16 Candles", rose to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1959, selling over one million copies, earning a gold disc.
They are the side project band of Lars Frederiksen from Rancid.
In 2014, the band released the live album Natten Med De Levande Finntroll.
The band is the brainchild of Galder who is the only permanent member of the band now.
By being featured on the Paddy Rock Vol.
For Record Store Day 2012, All Your Summer Songs was re-issued on white vinyl in a special limited edition of 250.
The Explosion were a punk rock band from Boston, Massachusetts.
This Is Hell are an American hardcore punk band from Long Island, New York.
The band has also finished recording their 14th studio album "It Ain't Over Easy" which was released in 2010.
On November 30, 2006, the band announced via MySpace that they had broken up.
The single, written by Vincent, became a hit again in 1988 when it was covered by Transvision Vamp.
Other than that, the band mostly opened for touring groups that stopped off within the town before they left Idaho in 1985.
The band has made 5 albums, the most well known being the glam rock album "Tokyo - New York" released in 1973 on EMI records.
Shahini started a new band in 2009 called Kill of Rights, it includes music written from 1986 to 2013.
The band's manager confirmed there are unreleased Damageplan recordings, although they have not surfaced, and the band has not performed since the incident.
They received their star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on January 23, 2017.
Sympathy also at the same time rereleased their debut album with a few extra songs and retitled it “Are Coming”.
The duo initially gained prominence with their music single "Aap Jaisa Koi" first featured as a soundtrack for the 1980 Indian film Qurbani.
Initially active from 1985 to 1994, they have since reformed in 2008.
Clouds of CO2 envelop the crowd while rockets launch from the Rocketerator.
Fly Pan Am, or Le Fly Pan Am, are a Canadian experimental rock band formed in Montreal in 1996.
Broadrick ended Godflesh in 2002 shortly after Green's departure and pursued various other projects, including Jesu.
Members Swire and McGrillen also formed the electro house duo Knife Party.
Hoping to create a permanent youth symphony, Dodge approached Jacques Gershkovitch in 1924 to lead the orchestra as music director of the Portland Junior Symphony.
The band is known for their wild, energetic concerts.
Currently Veni Domine is a cult band of a small audience.
The group released a total of four studio albums and one EP before disbanding in 1986.
Donn Ripps was a former member of the "Borrah Minevitch Harmonica Rascals" the "Cappy Barra Harmonica Gentlemen" "The Harmonica Boys" and last "The Harmonica Ripples".
While playing live, they often employed a backdrop with self-produced videos playing behind them that synced up to the music.
Houston is the only artist to chart seven consecutive No.
Napalm Death have released fifteen studio albums and are listed by Nielsen SoundScan as the seventh best-selling death metal band in the United States.
The Jayhawks are an American alternative country and country rock band that emerged from the Twin Cities music scene during the mid-1980s.
Bach Collegium Japan is composed of an orchestra and a chorus specializing in Baroque music, playing with period instruments.
The second version of the group, formed in 1972, consisted of Hauser, Alan Paul, Janis Siegel, and Laurel Massé.
Ray McKinley was an American jazz drummer, singer, and bandleader.
They toured nationally but did not perform overseas.
Nuclear Assault is an American thrash metal band from New York City, formed after bassist Dan Lilker left Anthrax in 1984.
As of July 2014, the band has released six studio albums and one live album.
Hawnay Troof is the electronic indie solo project of Vice Cooler formed in late 2001.
However, the band decided to change labels and signed with Pioneer LDC to produce their album Twilight.
Prior to joining The Marked Men, the members had all performed in other Denton-area punk rock bands.
Take That are an English pop music group formed in Manchester, England in 1990.
The name Angtoria derives its origin from the title of a song by the band Moahni Moahna where Tommy was a member between 1992-1997.
1 single, a cover of Marcus Hummon's "Bless the Broken Road", spent five weeks in that position in 2005.
Rudi were a punk rock/power pop band from Belfast, Northern Ireland formed in 1975.
The Oxford Times described OMD as being "among the most important bands Britain has ever produced".
The band is popular in Croatia and other former Yugoslav republics due to their original approach to rock music and their obscene live performances.
In January 2014 the band reissued "De Testimony" on limited 12" vinyl and have plans to reissue further classics from their catalogue.
A style he introduced and retained throughout his ongoing career.
After parting ways with RCA, the band recorded for Dot Records for ten years.
TNMK or Tanok na Maidani Kongo - is the most successful Ukrainian hip-hop group.
When they released the single "Get Wild" in 1987, their music became popular in Japan as the "futuristic pop songs with synthesizer."
Though not disbanded, its members have since been active with separate projects.
Åke has continued to play and released a new Mob 47 demo playing solo with a drum machine in 1998.
Both MacFarlaine and Murray, the band's chief songwriters, have re-recorded Thirteen:13 songs with their new bands.
Later in 2008, Marcus Thomas co-penned Roebeck's underground hit "Just Wanna Be Loved", from the album "Hurricanes On Venus", alongside composer Luke Corradine.
With this time period being the height of Cypress Hill’s career anything Cypress Hill related would get major publicity.
In addition to be the creator of the group and producing, Stephenson plays violin, guitar, sitar, drums, keyboards and the didgeridoo.
According to HM magazine, the progressive elements on the debut album, Martyrium, were possibly ahead of their time in the Norwegian extreme metal scene.
The album includes adaptations of old songs, covered songs and new songs alike.
It is named after a legendary warrior who extended the Songhai Empire into the Sahara.
To date, Themselves has released three albums and two singles on Anticon, as well as being featured on multiple compilations.
Life Without Buildings were a Glasgow, Scotland based indie rock band.
The band was formed by brothers Martyn and Steve Young, Ian Robbins, and vocalist Debian Curry.
To this date, the first line-up of Las Chicas Del Can has proven to be the most successful line-up.
Star, and also is a member of the California band Ammunition Affair.
They have been compared to bands like Rammstein, Front 242, Nitzer Ebb, Ministry, Revolting Cocks, Einstürzende Neubauten, and Coil.
Their debut album, released in 2006, carried the same name.
Their energetic live shows explain the cult like enthusiasm that surrounds the French electronic combo as they’ve been touring the world extensively over the years.
Phillips, Craig and Dean is a contemporary Christian music trio composed of Randy Phillips, Shawn Craig, and Dan Dean.
In 2005, James Norris and Drew Hallam formed Seven Days Awake which split up in 2006.
The band consists of Colin Doran, Larry Hibbitt, Andy Gilmour and Andy Bews.
Mashina is an Israeli rock band which was active from 1983 to 1995, and then again from 2003 to the present.
Despite a wide-ranging sound palette, the group was best known for their high impact, industrial-tinged big beat compositions.
Cryptic Slaughter was an American thrash metal band based in Santa Monica, California and originally formed in 1984.
The band split late 1998 after various external factors took their toll and the individual members went on to pursue other interests.
Baird formed The Georgia Satellites in 1980 and left the band in 1990 to pursue a solo career.
This was followed by 2002's Garage Mahal.
Their music has been described as a mix of jazz, rock, blues, bluegrass and funk with improvised jams being the main theme in their live performances.
The band released a second major label album, Phantasmagore, in 2006, before taking an indefinite hiatus in 2007.
With the release of their A-side singles compilation album Do the A-side, Do As Infinity disbanded on September 29, 2005.
The group has recorded 13 studio albums, 3 live albums and 2 live DVDs.
The duo are principally known for their 1981 hit version of "Tainted Love" and 1981 debut album titled Non-Stop Erotic Cabaret.
Dawn released their first album Of the Heart, of the Soul and of the Cross: The Utopian Experience in 1991 to critical acclaim.
In October 2008 the band played live at the Nick Sanderson tribute concert at The Forum, London.
The band's second album, Riot!, was released in 2007.
The Reactionaries were a punk rock band formed in San Pedro, California in 1978.
The only remaining original member is the current vocalist, Vesa "Vesku" Jokinen.
Gordon refers several times in her 2015 autobiography Girl in a Band to the band having "split up".
The Quartet regularly plays in the Great Comp Music Festival in Kent during summer classical music festivals.
Eye for an Eye is a Polish hardcore punk rock band founded in 1997 in Bielsko-Biała.
Seether is a South African rock band founded in May 1999 in Pretoria, Gauteng, South Africa.
The band continue with North as vocalist and Guitar, Niall Parker on Bass, Steve Williams on Guitar and Nevla on Guitar.
It is also chef-lieu of an arrondissement and two cantons.
The band has also stylized its name as D.A.D., D•A•D, and D:A:D, each name representing a period in the band's history.
Their biggest international hits to date are "Give It Up" credited as The Good Men and "Who Do You Love Now?"
Their EP entitled The Phoenix has been released as of July 26, 2011.
The original line-up consisted of Jo Ball, Tim Ramsden, Craig 'Macca' McEvoy and Rick Fox.
The Dead C are a New Zealand based music/art trio made up of members Bruce Russell, Michael Morley and Robbie Yeats.
The album included three songs that had been performed by KBC Band: "Planes", "Solidarity" and "Summer of Love".
Vaginal lubrication alone does not mean that the female had an orgasm.
Billy Talent is a Canadian punk rock band from Mississauga, Ontario.
Sparklehorse was an American indie rock band, led by the singer and multi-instrumentalist Mark Linkous and active between the years 1995 to 2010.
Lostprophets  was a rock band from Pontypridd, Wales formed in 1997.
"Paisajes" features the band's current line-up of Christopher Sprague, Luis Hermosillo, James Lehner, Camaron Stephens,Chris Hash,and Josh Lindenfelzer.
In 1997, the band released their first album, Flying Away, which included several hits such as "Underwater Love", "Mr. Gorgeous" and "Águas de Março".
Patrons are able to conduct business in Chinese if they prefer or have a necessity to do so.
The band's lineup consists of Tom Dunne, Ray Harman, Alan Byrne and Eamonn Ryan.
In Flames has been nominated for three Grammis Awards.
While active, his bands did not have a name.
Eldritch and Avalanche were also involved in The Sisterhood, a side-project connected with Eldritch's dispute with former members.
Frequently compared to later Talk Talk and Robert Wyatt, their music blends avant-jazz and free improvisation with electronic textures and several overdubbed murmured vocal lines.
Destroy All Monsters were an influential Detroit band existing from 1973 to 1985, with sporadic performances since.
Souls at Zero were an American heavy metal band.
Its members are Yūjin Kitagawa and Kōji Iwasawa.
Their song "Something Holy" from their 2010 album "Everything Is Different Now", an album which adopts a more "worshipful" flavor charted at No.
Former Yardbirds guitarists Jeff Beck and Jimmy Page guested on their first and second albums respectively.
Usurp Synapse was a screamo band from Lafayette, Indiana.
Rose Chronicles was a Canadian alternative rock band in the 1990s.
The Golden Gate Quartet is an American vocal group.
After four years of chart-topping success, the group disbanded acrimoniously in late 1972.
is a Norwegian pop duo consisting of Norwegian Hanne Krogh and Swedish-Norwegian Elisabeth Andreassen.
The band has gone through several lineup changes over the years, but has retained two of the founding members, Kobi Farhi and Uri Zelcha.
The most famous songs of the band include "Taivas lyö tulta", "Vaadimme metallia", "Voittamaton" and their Eurovision entry "Missä miehet ratsastaa".
Feargus plays bodhrán and rhythm guitar, while Aongus plays viola and fiddle.
The band released an EP of covers of songs from the 2013 film Frozen, on April 15, 2014.
The Roots are known for a jazzy and eclectic approach to hip-hop featuring live musical instruments.
Their album Here Is The Punishment debuted at #4 on the national AIR independent albums chart.
2007 saw the release of their first album, "Keep on Shining!
9 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart; it sold 70,000 copies and was certified platinum by their label.
The group took the name "Sonicflood", a reference to a line in the Book of Revelation, chapter 19, verse 6.
Since 2009, the group has consisted of Anita, Ruth, Issa, and Ruth's granddaughter Sadako Pointer.
The band reunited again in 2011 and remained intermittently active through 2014.
Bump of Chicken is a Japanese alternative rock group from Sakura, Chiba, Japan.
Eve's Plum was an American New York City-based alternative rock band, who recorded in the 1990s.
The Legendary Pink Dots are an Anglo-Dutch experimental rock band formed in London in August 1980.
The band is known for their loud, energetic live shows.
They were originally known as All That's Left in October 1999 until they discovered that the name was already taken; thus the name "Name Taken".
The group disbanded in 2008 after just 2 albums in 2 years, namely La Danza del Vientre and ...a bailar!
Every summer, the 10 members of Hyannis Sound embark on an ambitious performance schedule to entertain the summer and native residents of Cape Cod.
Cisco from S.M., the Synth-a-Size Sisters and Teflon.
In 2004 The Bad Spellers traveled to Canada to collaborate/record with Justin Langlois of The London Apartments.
In later reunion recordings in the 1990s, Yokouchi was replaced by Masayoshi "Mabo" Kabe on bass guitar.
In 2003, they released their second album Goes on a Fieldtrip, which included the single "Let's Go".
Esbeck left the band in 1998 and was replaced by Pete Curry.
The Cavedogs were a power pop band formed in Boston during the late 1980s.
In 2015, Lewis announced the band would be reunited on July 23rd for a show in Los Angeles.
The band's 2012 release, Dark Adrenaline, peaked at number 15 on the Billboard 200.
In 2012, Metallica formed the independent record label Blackened Recordings and took full ownership of its albums and videos.
They are regarded as an important influence on the Manchester music scene, the independent record label movement, punk rock, power pop, and indie rock.
Cozy Powell died at age 50 on 5 April 1998, following a car crash.
The 2007 album, Ordo Ad Chao, received the Spellemann award for best metal album.
They have been described as "possibly the most melodic metal band ever to exist in Christian or general markets."
Diana has one of the most recognizable voices in gospel music today, and is one of the best songwriters in the southern gospel industry.
's debut album in 1994, Meat.Your.Maker, appeared in Rolling Stone's Top 10 alternative albums while Seibold was nominated 'Best New Talent' by Keyboard Magazine.
The band is named after Thor's Hammer, for the Mythological object see Mjolnir.
The original lineup included Gene Eugene, who died in 2000.
The group continued with new members, but finally disbanded in early 1986.
Formed in 1936 at Smith College, the Smiffenpoofs are the oldest traditionally all-female collegiate a cappella group in the United States.
Formed in 1987 by Andrew Sherriff and Stephen Patman, the band began performing alongside Spacemen 3.
The band released their debut album, Give Up, in 2003 on Sub Pop Records, to mostly positive reviews.
Primal Scream are a British rock band originally formed in 1982 in Glasgow by Bobby Gillespie and Jim Beattie.
Dream Street later disbanded in 2002 following a legal dispute between parents of the band members and the band's managers.
The Lost Patrol's song "Homecoming" from their album Midnight Matinée also appears in the hit found footage film Chronicle.
From 1982 there have been brief reunions to work on an opera, record a CD and tour Japan.
Brian/Renaldo contributed to sporadic recordings in the 1990s.
An extended version of Heroes of Nature had three more tracks than the original, one of them being a cover version of John Lennon's "Imagine".
appeared in June 1987 and reached the top 60 on the Kent Music Report Albums Chart.
Now the ensemble is under the direction of Carlos Martínez.
The group consisted of Cyril, Erika, Nicolas and Monia.
The band's fifth studio album, Tarantula, was released digitally on June 8, 2010 and on CD and vinyl on June 22, 2010.
Following the name change, The Dead Science released their debut album Submariner on Absolutely Kosher Records in 2003.
Another name for the color is Berlin blue or, in painting, Parisian or Paris blue.
In 2006, the band reformed and recorded a new album.
The band has released nine albums and two EPs to date.
Around half of the population lives in the South East Dorset conurbation, while the rest of the county is largely rural with a low population density.
The most recent lineup reunited in 2008 to tour and record new material.
After a long hiatus beginning in 1999, the band released a fifth album in 2004 but thereafter effectively disbanded.
Because of this, it can be useful in physiology in estimating the proportion of body water contained in blood plasma.
They released their self-titled EP in 1995 on Fingerpaint Records.
The band achieved commercial success with the release of five studio albums, three of which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200.
The chorus is currently under the artistic direction of Joseph J. Buches.
A few hours later they had written a few songs, and decided it was a worthy project to pursue.
