In 1992, the Bank completed 75 years.
UBank is an Australian direct bank, that operates as a division of National Australia Bank.
It provides private banking services for private clients.
KeyCorp maintains business offices in 31 states.
ING is an abbreviation for Internationale Nederlanden Groep.
Entrust grew from 6 employees to 158 employees during that time.
In 1930, following the stock market crash of 1929 E.A.
Vishvanathan had joined SBI in 1976, had helped set up SBI's New York branch, and had been chief general manager of SBI’s North Eastern operations.
The firm is based in Greenwich, Connecticut with other offices in New York, San Francisco, Chicago, London, and Hong Kong.
CIC Group has a network of branches and operational subsidiaries spread across the 4 countries.
The bank was noted for its initial reluctance to establish a wide ATM network, finally implementing one in January 2003.
In October 2006 during internet conference on the news portal Delfi.lt Vladimir Romanov announced his plans of selling his shares to the strategic investor.
The bank is listed at Hanoi Securities Trading Center under the symbol ACB.
Triodos took over the British ethical bank Mercury Provident in 1994.
Most cards with the Discover brand are issued by Discover Bank, formerly the Greenwood Trust Company.
Now the society has 333 branches and 5000 employee and 300 warehouses.
The Al Watany Bank of Egypt is an Egyptian bank, and a subsidiary of the National Bank of Kuwait.
In 1927 he assumed the presidencia of the entity Vincent Bonora Noguera, a year later inaugurate the central office on the street Alfredo Calderon of Valencia.
AIG Life and Retirement provides life insurance and retirement services in the United States.
Prudential is composed of hundreds of subsidiaries and holds more than $2 trillion of life insurance.
As of 31 March 2015, the bank has 94 branches in Osaka and Hyogo Prefectures.
At one point, Straumur was Iceland's largest pure investment bank and the sixth-largest company on the OMX Nordic Exchange in Iceland.
Standard Chartered has been operating in Bangladesh for over a hundred years.
Capital One Investing is an online brokerage and investment firm with its headquarters in McLean, Virginia.
CitiFX Pro discontinued offering services to clients in June 2015 and sold all U.S. accounts to FXCM, and international accounts to Saxo Bank.
Many of these repo agreements were conducted off their balance sheet.
Ullico Inc. is a privately held insurance and financial services holding company in the United States.
A major subsidiary of KLP is KLP Eiendom that manages a large portfolio of real estate throughout the country and in Denmark.
PeoplesChoice has $135 million in assets, approximately 13,500 members, and 5 branches.
Kari Stadigh is the Group CEO and President for Sampo.
IIFL and its group companies are backed by Canadian investor Prem Watsa, private Equity firm General Atlantic and CDC Group, the UK Government's private equity arm.
The Group includes brands such as DNB, Vital, Nordlandsbanken, Cresco, Postbanken, DnB NORD and Carlson.
STOXX is a wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Börse Group.
The business has primary offices in Kuala Lumpur and Penang.
Citibank India is an Indian private sector bank headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra.
Cassa di Risparmio di San Miniato S.p.A. is an Italian saving bank based in San Miniato, in the Province of Pisa, Tuscany.
In 2011 Dinç Bilgin was sentenced to nearly five years in prison for financial irregularities relating to his ownership of Etibank.
FIDES Bank Namibia was a commercial bank in Namibia.
In December 2016, Dagong Europe opened its branch office in Frankfurt, Germany.
Heritage has assets exceeding $8.5 billion as at 30 June 2014 and currently employs approximately 700 staff.
Travelex Group is a foreign exchange company founded by Lloyd Dorfman and headquartered in London.
İnterbank A.Ş is a defunct Turkish bank.
SBl is ranked 60th in the list of Top 1000 Banks in the world by “The Banker” in July 2012.
It is a member of the Association of British Insurers and is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Compustat Data including Compustat North America, Compustat International, Compustat Global, and Compustat Point-in-Time data sets
The company offers individual universal life plans, term insurance plans, and whole life plans.
Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Goa and Delhi.
Its foundation is built on five lineages; three originate in California and two in Japan.
First Republic Bank is an American bank and wealth management company offering personal banking, business banking, trust and wealth management services.
It is one of the eleven commercial banks licensed by the Reserve Bank of Malawi, the national banking regulator.
Thomas Weisel Partners Group, Inc., also known as TWP or Weisel, is a U.S. growth focused investment banking firm based in San Francisco, California.
Credicorp is mainly involved in banking; insurance; pension funds and brokerage services.
American Savings Life Insurance Company is an Arizona-based life insurance company that offers life insurance and annuity products within Arizona and Utah.
BML has 29 branches, including four in Male, the capital, one in Ibrahim Nasir International Airport and one each in both Villingili ward and Hulhumale.
The Baltic states are today also considered part of the home market.
It is authorised and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority, and is also regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
The bank has ten branches in Germany and Europe as well as different subsidiaries.
The company operates in more than 200 countries with a global network of about 347,000 agent offices.
In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.
In January 2009, Chrysler Financial was the recipient of $1.5 billion from the Troubled Asset Relief Program.
It was one of the least affected banks during the global financial crisis, but afterwards began shrinking its investment business, executing layoffs and cutting costs.
And consequently, creating a strategic alliance with Highbridge Capital Management, the global alternative asset manager owned by J.P. Morgan Asset Management.
Crown property does not belong to the king in his private capacity, but to the monarchy as an institution which continues from reign to reign.
Bradesco is one of the biggest banking and financial services companies in Brazil.
Following the collapse of Fortis, who acquired the Dutch business, it was nationalized by the Dutch government along with Fortis Bank Nederland.
The company had its headquarters in the Bank One Plaza in the Chicago Loop in Chicago, Illinois, now the headquarters of Chase's retail banking division.
The bank's primary owner is Leonid Klimov.
The Co-operative Bank, a bank based in and registered in New Zealand, provides everyday banking, deposits, savings, loans, insurance and small-business banking throughout the country.
The recession of the 1930s closed most banks in Idaho, but D. L. Evans Bank survived, continuing to provide customers with essential financial services.
A financial software development company, fi-linx products are specifically marketed to credit unions.
It was founded in 2006 with a paid-up capital of AED 1 billion.
The company brokers stocks, options, futures, EFPs, futures options, forex, bonds, funds and CFDs.
It is insured by the Credit Union Deposit Insurance Corporation of British Columbia.
The group is owned and managed by the Saeed Anam family.
Landsbanki had positioned itself as Iceland's primary provider of general and specialised financial services to individuals, corporate entities and institutions.
It remains one of the largest insurance companies in the country.
Controlling interest in the company was sold to Australian investment bank Macquarie Group in 2007 and partial interest to other investors in 2010.
It was a rise of 796 ranks considering it was listed at the 1090th position among India's most trusted brands in the Brand trust Report 2013.
Central bank of India is one of 19 Public Sector banks in India to get recapitalisation  finance from the government over the next 24 months.
A subsidiary of the Westpac Group, it was re-established as a separate entity, and re-commenced operations on 25 July 2011.
The bank operates beneath its holding company, Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc.
National Girobank was a British public sector financial institution run by the General Post Office that opened for business in October 1968.
The bank has relationships with 560 correspondent banks.
Once a listed company, the group now part of Intesa Sanpaolo since 2007.
The parent bank was nationalised by the Cyprus government and renamed Cyprus Popular Bank.
It ceased existence as an independent legal entity in Portugal following its merger in 2001 with Caixa Geral de Depósitos, the government-owned savings bank.
In 2016 BCA overtaken DBS Bank of Singapore as Southeast Asia's biggest lender by value, with a market capitalisation of US$24.5 billion.
In 2001, the bank introduced automated branch banking system.
ABLV has three primary lines of business: private banking, investment and financial planning.
The group was founded in late 2007.
It holds assets of around US $1.8 trillion and is one of the largest financial institutions in the world.
Marayo Bank, Inc. is a bank in the Philippines founded in 1969 as Rural Bank of Marayo, Inc.
Amagasaki Shinkin Bank is a bank based in Amagasaki, in Hyogo Prefecture, Japan.
It also has an around-the-clock call centre at 0094 11 2204444 and an around the clock branch at its Colombo office.
African Banking Corporation Limited,(ABC Bank Kenya) is an indigenous Kenyan commercial bank, established in 1984.
All members of the former Kent Reliance Building Society became members of KRPS on 1 February 2011.
The group also operates an internet bank, which has more than 5.9 million online customers doing more than 260 million payments per year.
FXCM withdrew its CFTC registration and agreed not to re-register in the future, effectively banning it from trading in the United States.
CIC Insurance Group Limited, commonly referred to as CIC Group, is an insurance and investment group that operates mainly in Kenya, Uganda, South Sudan and Malawi.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
The bank was founded by the Bashi and Lawi families.
The liquidation company was named Recoll Management Corporation and its bankruptcy estate has continued to exist to pay out claims against the company.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group.
To protect depositors, the FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with Central Bank, Stillwater, Minnesota, to assume all of the deposits of The RiverBank.
It is licensed and supervised by the Bank of Uganda, the central bank and national banking regulator.
The bank is named after the area Valtellina.
Instruments include options, financial and commodity futures, security futures and securities lending transactions.
Estimating their wealth in today's money is difficult and imprecise, considering that they owned art, land, and gold.
The bank is held by Credit One Financial, a bank holding company registered in Nevada.
As an Imagine Canada Caring Company, BlueShore Financial supports the principles of corporate citizenship and benchmarks for community investment established by Imagine Canada.
CrossHarbor Capital Partners is an American investment firm, specializing in private equity, based in Boston.
Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC is an American financial services company.
Glacier Bancorp, Inc, known primarily for its eponymous Glacier Bank, is a Kalispell, Montana based bank holding company.
It was founded as Tölvumiðstöð Sparisjóðanna, and changed its name on March 23, 2007 to reflect changes in clientele and ownership.
This is the first ever large scale consolidation in the Indian Banking Industry.
It is listed on the Swiss Exchange .
Canadian Tire Financial Services, operating as Canadian Tire Bank, is the financial services arm of the Canadian Tire retail chain.
The three companies services will market together but will work singly he said.
Cairo International Bank is a commercial bank in Uganda.
District Cooperative Central Bank, popularly known as DCC Bank is a cooperative banking network established in India to serve cooperatives and rural areas.
First West is the third-largest credit union in B.C.
Všeobecná úverová banka, a.s. provides retail and commercial banking services.
In 2009, GHADIR had more than 8,000 employees, fifty subsidiaries, and profits surpassing 1,700 billion rials.
ABC Bank offers financial solutions to corporations, medium-sized businesses, Saccos, institutions, small business enterprises as well as individuals.
Hunter Mutual was a credit union based in and serving the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.
Investec's UK headquarters are at 2 Gresham Street in Central London.
BoM had over 114,000 corporate and 9 million retail customers.
It is one of the banks licensed by the National Bank of Rwanda, the country's banking regulator.
Fairwinds is the official credit union for Universal Orlando and its team members since 2006.
By assets, National Penn is the seventy-second largest bank in the United States, and the fifth largest bank headquartered in Pennsylvania.
It was founded by Russian businessman Mikhail Fridman, who is still the controlling owner today.
GSO Capital Partners is one of the largest credit-oriented alternative asset managers in the world and a major participant in the leveraged finance marketplace.
In recent years the firm has made several acquisitions as part of its strategy to diversify the business, particularly in the United States.
On 01.07.2010 Bank Finance and System includes 16 branches and 305 outlets over Ukraine.
Dalian Commodity Exchange trades in futures contracts underlined by a variety of agricultural and industrial produce on a national scale.
17-049/50 with an Authorized Capital of Rs.12 Crores and was licensed by Nepal Rastra Bank on 6 July 1993 under license No.
It provides finance and advisory services for infrastructure projects as well as asset management and investment banking.
Shawbrook Bank Limited is a retail and commercial bank in the United Kingdom.
Bank Asya, with an initial capital of TRY2 million and current paid up capital of TRY900 million, has a multi-partnered structure based on domestic capital.
Latin America is a natural resource rich region that produces vast amounts of these commodities, much of which is now being exported to China.
They named the new credit union after the street their company headquarters was on—Assiniboine Avenue.
Baring Asset Management has its head office in London and other regional offices around the globe: Europe, Asia Pacific, North America and Middle East.
A deal which led to Dao Heng Bank Group's listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to be 277 times over-subscribed.
CAF provides services and assistance to UK and international charities and their donors, and promotes general donation to charities.
ACU is a member of the World Council of Credit Unions and the Global Alliance for Banking on Values.
As of 2014, the bank operated through 105 branches and 253 ATM's.
Crestview Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout, growth capital and distressed-for-control investments in companies across a range of industries.
Available reports indicate that the bank broke even in 2011 and began making profits in 2012.
Sacramento Credit Union is a full service credit union in Sacramento, California.
It is the third largest private Portuguese financial group with assets of €112.9 billion.
República de El Salvador N36-230 y Naciones Unidas.
It is licensed as a locally controlled financial institution by the Reserve Bank of South Africa, the national banking regulator.
United Bank is headquartered in Glastonbury, Connecticut.
It is one of Australia's "big four" banks.
I&M Bank Tanzania Limited is a commercial bank in Tanzania, the second-largest economy in the East African Community.
Cubist Systematic Strategies is its quantitative investing business.
The current CEO of Groupe BPCE is François Pérol.
Bank Audi SAL was granted the "Best Bank in Lebanon" award at the 2009 Euromoney Awards for Excellence Middle East ceremony.
The headquarters of the company are located in New Delhi.
It was established in 1957 and has 12 branches.
GAIN Capital allows retail and institutional clients to speculate on global foreign exchange markets in what is known as ‘margin forex trading’.
The company is owned by DNB and has its headquarters in Trondheim, Norway.
Trustee savings banks originated to accept savings deposits from those with moderate means.
The Trustee Savings Bank was a British financial institution.
IBMSECU is a state chartered, federally insured credit union with more than $900 million in assets and more than 70,000 Members.
In 2011, following a hostile takeover by VTB Bank, US$9 billion in fraudulent loans were discovered, and the bank received an unprecedented US$14 billion bailout.
The Blackstone Group L.P. is an American multinational private equity, alternative asset management and financial services firm based in New York City.
City Index Group is an award-winning spread betting, FX and CFD Trading provider based in the UK.
It is a member of the International Raiffeisen Union, which is an association of cooperatives based on the ideas of Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen.
As of 30 September 2012, the Bank controls third party funds of Rp79.8 trillion and maintain assets worth of Rp105.6 trillion.
It has about 380,000 customers and 45 branches around Finland.
Oleg Boyko is the principal investor and beneficiary of Finstar Financial Group, an international diversified private equity firm with assets under management exceeding $2 billion.
The bank is a subsidiary of Bank of Baroda.
It holds assets in excess of $1.6 trillion US dollars through its control of Mizuho Bank, Mizuho Corporate Bank, and other operating subsidiaries.
Sandler O’Neill + Partners, L.P., is a full-service investment banking firm and broker-dealer specializing in the financial services sector.
The Bank of Tamil Eelam was suspended on January 2, 2009, following the capture of Kilinochchi which had been the administrative capital of self-proclaimed Tamil Eelam.
It offers redit, investment, brokerage and consulting services, as well as a range of financial products.
KBZ is one of few banks in Myanmar that offers credit card and remittance services.
The proceeds of the sale were invested in the shares of Nordea, the largest bank in the Nordic region.
UBI Banca shares are listed on the Borsa Italiana and are included in the FTSE MIB index.
These new marketing licences mean that Delphi funds are now offered to private and institutional investors in Norway, Sweden, Finland and the Netherlands.
The most current annual report lists assets for Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2015, as $53.6 million.
Ocwen Financial Corporation is a provider of residential and commercial mortgage loan servicing, special servicing, and asset management services.
Aareal Bank AG has been listed on the German stock exchange since 2002.
Euronet Pakistan recently won Faisal Bank as its latest outsourcing customer for Credit Cards bringing the total to 12.
The business was subsequently renamed CIBC Oppenheimer and later CIBC World Markets.
Girobank may also refer to GiroBank, now part of Danske Bank
In 2013, CITIC Securities, China's largest investment bank acquired CLSA for US$ 1.3 billion.
Vermilion Partners Limited is an investment banking advisory firm with international operations.
As of December 31, 2016, the credit union had $992M in assets, over 85,000 members, and 14 branches throughout Alaska.
From NBG's inception until the establishment of the Bank of Greece in 1928, NBG enjoyed the right to issue banknotes.
It was registered on March 27, 1992, and is the seventh largest bank in the country.
The Joint Stock Commercial Bank for Investment and Development of Vietnam is a large state-owned bank in Vietnam.
After World War II the bank was renamed Gradska štedionica Zagreb in 1946.
It has five corporate divisions with providing IT infrastructure to the Korean financial securities and futures market.
It became a standalone bank again in 1992 after it obtained a banking license from the Central Bank of Armenia.
During the late-1980s, the CPB had 600 employees, of which 90 percent were devoted to managing the bureau's massive real estate holdings.
Commonwealth is the second-largest credit union in Kentucky and had $1.13 billion in assets, 90,132 members, and 10 branches as of 2017.
It is the first peer-to-peer online lender to be established in Canada.
In 2000, UAM was purchased by Old Mutual for US$1.46 billion in cash.
In October 2011 the bank's license was withdrawn it was put into liquidation.
It also maintains subsidiaries in Eastern and Southern Africa.
Bips Investment Managers offers a suite of exchange-traded funds branded as Beta Investment Performance Securities.
The bank was founded in Palma de Mallorca by Juan March Ordinas in 1926.
Niksic Bank had significant independence: it constituted its corporate governance and played an important part in investment and other activities of the regional industry.
The company is formally named Ecclesiastical Insurance Office plc and is authorised and regulated by the FCA and PRA.
The bank is a subsidiary of City National Bancshares.
It is headquartered in London and is a former constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
In December 2010, Euronet Pakistan secured the blessings from the State Bank of Pakistan to set up the first EFT outsourcing centre in Pakistan.
Hallgarten & Company was an investment bank based in New York City that was founded in 1850  by Lazarus Hallgarten, a native of Hesse.
The bank was a wholly owned subsidiary of Citizens Bancorp and is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
On 28 November 2007 the company filed for bankruptcy after the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway had stripped Terra Securities of its brokerage license.
Golden 1 currently serves 38 of the 58 counties in California.
Migrants Bangladeshis were demanding such type of bank since 1990s.
The banks were taken over and recapitalised by the government because they had fallen below the Basel I Accord mandated eight percent capital adequacy ratio.
UBS has over CHF 2.8 trillion in invested assets, and remains a leading provider of retail banking and commercial banking services in Switzerland.
From 1999 to 2015 it was listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Swiss Bank Corporation, French: Société de Banque Suisse, Italian:Società di Banca Svizzera) was a large integrated financial services company located in Switzerland.
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.
Private-equity firms Bessemer Venture Partners and Grail Partners LLC own approximately 40 percent of United Capital while employees and managers own the remaining.
Commonwealth Financial Network is a privately held independent broker/dealer-RIA based in Waltham, Massachusetts, and 110 Plaza in San Diego, California.
In an effort to help the community understand how TruMark Financial differs from big banks, TruMark Financial launched a branding image campaign in May 2010.
Later, it was led by well known Wall Street trader Gerald M. Loeb.
Bank Islam Malaysia Berhad is an Islamic bank based in Malaysia that has been in operation since July 1983.
In August 2014, the Bank announced its intention to acquire a majority stake in Ras Al Khaimah National Insurance Company following approval from the Bank’s shareholders.
DBBL commenced formal operation from June 3, 1996.
It expanded during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and took over a number of smaller banking companies.
The bank currently specializes in providing credit facilities for agricultural development and other rural development activities.
Rogers Bank is a Canadian financial services company wholly owned by Rogers Communications.
Gávea has offices in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo, with a staff of approximately 150.
optionsXpress is a service of the Charles Schwab Corporation that provides an electronic trading platform for investing online, specializing in the trading of options.
The organization is governed and supervised by an 18-member board of directors.
SHKCO remains a 30% shareholder of SHKFL.
Taishin Financial Holdings consists of subsidiaries in the sectors of banking, securities, bills finance, assets management, and venture capital.
In 2008, the yield on U.S Treasury securities rose in anticipation of increased U.S. federal debt.
It currently has offices in all four Galician provinces as well as in Madrid.
Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited or HDFC is an Indian financial conglomerate based in Mumbai, India.
Remaining investors had their cash refunded when the fund closed.
TMB operates in all sectors of the local banking market, including in retail banking, SME banking, corporate banking, and mobile banking.
It is also the second-largest bank in New Zealand.
FMC is based in New York City.
In 2009, the bank funded and established an art gallery in Tehran.
The Vernon Building Society is a UK building society based in Stockport, Greater Manchester.
Marshall & Ilsley Corporation was a U.S. bank and diversified financial services corporation headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, that was purchased by Bank of Montreal in 2010.
The operations have been part of Nasdaq, Inc. since February 2008.
Its headquarters is at The Beaufort, a condominium building by Filinvest in Bonifacio Global City.
GE Energy Financial Services provides world-class underwriting capabilities for Power, Renewables, and Oil+Gas infrastructure to meet rising demand and sustainability imperatives.
It merged with State Bank of India on 01 April 2017.
The shareholders of the Bank are Govt.
Founded in 1879, it has been controlled by the Costopoulos family since its inception.
The credit union was originally headquartered in Fairborn, Ohio however it relocated in early 2014.
These span: Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Suffolk and London.
In its most visible public transaction Allco was a part of Airline Partners Australia, the consortium that unsuccessfully attempted to buy Qantas.
The platform allows users to mimic trades on the forex markets made by often more experienced traders.
The bank has a large number of retail branches and ATMs across Australia, and some back office operations in Bangalore, India.
It holds significant stakes in various Omani companies, ranging from financial services, property development, food, and the industrial sector.
The company's main businesses include branch banking, commercial banking, consumer lending, payment processing, investment advising, and title insurance.
It was founded on March 29, 1994.
; local brand network operation under the brand of "BC" ; card issuing BPO to financial institutions; as well as Internet commerce and mobile payment solutions.
TradingScreen's solutions are delivered via software-as-a-service to its clients.
Its roots date back to 1830, when Hanna Audi inherited his father's exchange business.
:52 It was merged into the AXA group in 1998.:110
Kantox is a UK based multinational "FinTech" company that offers foreign currency exchange and international payment solutions for corporate clients.
The shareholders of the Bank are Govt.
and follows international standard in Banking and Finance.
It was the first building society to launch in the United Kingdom since the Ecology Building Society was established in 1981.
I&M Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
It's a full-service investment firm with approximately 1,300 Investment Advisors at 70 branches across Canada.
Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing investment banking, securities, wealth management and investment management services.
The company provides market access and trade execution services in foreign exchange, contracts for difference and exchange-based products to retail investors.
As of 2009 it had $2.7 billion of assets under management.
The Bank was merged with its parent, State Bank of India on 1 April 2017.
"Ci-devant" may be compared to the English language term late, as it expresses the death of the nobility during the legislative agenda of the Revolution.
Standard Bank is Africa's largest banking group ranked by assets and earnings operations in 20 African countries and 13 countries outside Africa.
is a subsidiary of CertusHoldings, Inc. headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia and was created by former executives from Bank of America and Wachovia.
The bank's activities are financed with credit lines from multilateral development banks, investment funds, and sovereign wealth funds.
Northwest offers a full range of personal and business products and services, including banking, loans, investment and trust, insurance and employee benefits.
Sony Financial Holdings Inc. is a holding company for Sony's financial services business.
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group.
The financial institution has its headquarters located in Windhoek Independence Avenue, in Khomas Region.
It is a major provider of finance for housing in India.
Cosmos Bank celebrated its centenary on 18 January 2006.
Revenue is derived nearly equally from its three major markets -- Asia, Europe, and the Americas.
In 2012, about half of the customers were in the Netherlands, and a quarter in Spain.
The Bank of Nova Scotia, operating as Scotiabank, is a Canadian multinational bank.
As on 31 March 2015, the bank's reserves and surplus stood at ₹ 283030 million.
It was founded in 1956 by Princely Councillor of Commerce Guido Feger and today is one of the largest banks in Liechtenstein.
Kumari Bank Limited is one of the leading commercial bank in Nepal.
The resulting deficit of more than US$2.2 billion was equal to 12% to 15% of the Dominican national gross domestic product.
Based in Dallas, Texas, AFS/IBEX originates loans through a network of independent insurance agencies.
The Society also financially supports other events on an ad hoc basis, such as the Shepshed Show and The Curve Theatre in Leicester.
TruMark Financial Credit Union, headquartered in Fort Washington, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, is the fifth largest credit union in Pennsylvania.
Spell Capital is split into two divisions, Spell Capital Private Equity and Spell Capital Mezzanine.
Capital Bank is an indigenous private national development and commercial Ghanaian bank.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
The company is the sixth-largest insurer in the Netherlands, with a market share of approximately 8%.
Recently TPS IRIS Multi Institution Financial Middleware was selected by Group BPCE for its operations in Africa starting from Cameroon and Republic of Congo.
Maizels, Westerberg & Co. was a leading independent investment banking firm, specialising in major corporate finance transactions in the Nordic countries.
Goldman Sachs also owns GS Bank USA, a direct bank.
SECU is the second largest natural member credit union in the United States, both in asset size and in membership.
Ecclesiastical Insurance has set itself a new target of reaching £100million for Allchurches Trust by 2020.
In 2014 the Cumberland became the first UK building society to offer a mobile payments service linked to a mobile phone number, called Pay2Mobile.
It is the first company to provide an online marketplace and booking platform of multiple non-bank, FCA regulated foreign currency exchange suppliers.
Steinbach Credit Union is a Canadian co-operative financial institution and formerly the country's largest single branch credit union.
Banco del Estado de Chile, commercially operating under the brand BancoEstado, is the only Public Bank in Chile and was created by government decree in 1953.
Andrey Valerievich Dashin claims ownership of both Alpari and another foreign exchange broker FXTM also known as ForexTime.
The bank has specialized in mortgages, private financing and account saving, and does not offer advanced investment products.
The CEP grew steadily in France and overseas, although in 1889 there was a crisis in which it was temporarily placed in receivership.
These sharp deterioration trends in financial fundamentals resulted in lowering the bank's rating."
Libro was founded in 1951 as the Dutch Catholic immigrants in the Diocese of London.
In 1993 was founded a Joint-stock company called Banca di Sassari S.p.A., controlled by the Banco di Sardegna.
YourCU has six branches: four in Ottawa and two in Cornwall.
On March 31, 2015, AIG had a market capitalization of $75.04 billion.
The company provides treasury and risk management software and specializes in market risk management.
DLL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rabobank Group.
The Tangbunia Bank is a bank run by the Turaga indigenous movement on Pentecost Island in Vanuatu.
As of November 2016, WPCU has over $3.4 billion USD in assets, and over 330,000 members.
The history of the bank goes can be traced back to 1835.
The company is listed on the FTSE Fledgling Index of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CIN in the financial services sector.
The company grew in importance, becoming one of the largest insurance operators both in Italy and in Central Europe.
Van Lanschot positions itself as a specialised, independent wealth manager, dedicated to the preservation and creation of wealth for its clients.
Early in 2014, it was the third-largest bank in Arkansas.
It also has operations in Central America, the Caribbean, South America, Europe, Asia, and some Pacific Rim countries.
It is one of the leading stock broking companies in India and have completed 15 years in operation.
It is one of 21 commercial banks owned by the Government of India.
It is based in Washington, D.C. and owned by Evolution Finance, Inc. – parent company of the credit card website CardHub.com.
It was founded on 9 March 1977 at Sattur, then later shifted to Virudhunagar on 16 July 1993.
Fortis's banking operations included network, commercial, and merchant banking; its insurance products included life, health, and property/casualty lines.
Ikano Bank offers loans, savings accounts and partner business supplying sales finance solutions to large retailers, including IKEA, Volkswagen, Audi, Lindex, Hemtex, Skoda, Shell and Preem.
The advances come due on the customer's next payday.
The firm also provides advisory services related to mergers and acquisitions, corporate restructurings and financings.
Founded in 1973, the first Haitian private bank.
TISCO was the first to offer stock reports and securities underwriting service.
Its services include electronic banking, loan facilities, credit cards and debit cards.
Virtu uses proprietary high-frequency trading strategies based on big data to trade large volumes of securities.
Credit Benchmark was selected in the 2015 Fintech50 awards
PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk is Indonesia's fourth largest bank by assets, established in 1955.
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development had awarded an A rating to Pandyan Grama Bank in recognition of its performance.
The largest hand-portable umbrellas are golf umbrellas.
Additionally, CSC is licensed to issue and acquire the following worldwide trademarks:
In September 2015, the Group’s assets under management amounted to CHF 40 billion.
Cassa di Risparmio di Pisa is a former Italian saving bank and charity organization, based in Pisa, Tuscany.
MIDFLORIDA currently has approximately 270,000 members and $2.9 billion in assets, making MIDFLORIDA the fourth-largest credit union in the state of Florida.
Its network spans 50 markets in 17 countries, with more than 8,500 branches and over 147,000 employees.
In January 1997 the Asian Development Bank acquired a 13.84% equity stake in SBICAPS.
The credit union is administered and regulated by the National Credit Union Administration and insured by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund.
As of December 2015, Access Bank Group had assets in excess of US$13 billion.
The bank is one of the licensed banks in the Republic of Rwanda.
The business does not credit score and uses a common sense approach to underwriting all applications.
Stone Key Partners is a boutique investment bank focused on the government and commercial technology sectors.
Vector tends to focus on more junior tranches of debt such as second-lien and unsecured debt.
Four of these are overseas in Hong Kong, Dubai International Financial Centre, Antwerp, and Sydney.
Eurobank Ergasias is based in Athens, Greece.
Since 2016, to eliminate the use of the three brands of the group: Cariparma, Carispezia and FriulAdria, the brand Crédit Agricole Italia was introduced.
Rokel Commercial Bank is a commercial bank in Sierra Leone.
Founded in 1926, Davy is Ireland's largest stockbroker, wealth manager, asset manager and financial advisor and has offices in Dublin, Belfast, Cork, Galway and London.
It is a member of the Federal Reserve System and operates branches in the states of Illinois, Indiana, Arizona, Missouri, Minnesota, Kansas, Florida, and Wisconsin.
All of the bank's activities occur outside of the capital market as its loans are financed solely by member savings.
The Islamic banking products and services are offered via its subsidiary, RAK Islamic Finance Company.
China Chengxin Credit Rating Group has branches and subsidiaries operating in Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Fujian, Wuhan, Shandong, Liaoning, Tianjin, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanxi and Shaanxi.
In 2007, customer satisfaction with the bank was placed at 88%.
The Bank suffered as the Staff Union and Officers Association had a strangle hold on the affairs of the Bank and lacked visionary management.
These sanctions were behind the closure of Rafidain's London Branch in 1990.
It has locations in more than 20 countries.
It has been using the trading name NWB Bank since 2009.
At that point, Niksic Bank loses its independence, although it kept the main branch status.
Mirabaud provides services in wealth management, asset management and brokerage to private clients and institutions around the world.
The Bank was incorporated in 1992 by a few eminent individuals of Nepal in partnership with the Employees Provident Fund and Habib Bank Limited of Pakistan.
SHKFL operates under the Sun Hung Kai Financial brand and the SHK Direct and SHK Private sub-brands.
The bank is a subsidiary of Banco BPM.
It is the largest bank in Pakistan.
The company is the operating subsidiary of the MainSource Financial Group.
On February 4, 1932, Mutual Savings and Loan merged with American Building and Loan to become American Mutual Savings and Loan.
Launching the first MasterCard EMV Debit Card in the country
The headquarters of TransferGo are located in Canary Wharf in London, Great Britain.
Currently over 200 firms in 20 countries are aiming towards this objective.
BOKF, NA has full-service banks located in eight states.
The Bank has the distinction of being the world's sole financial institution designed specifically for people under the age of 22.
In late 1980, in 1989 the bank reached 230 offices.
Suchak Data Systems, Inc. is a provider of core processing, online banking, branch automation and other related information products and outsourcing for community based financial institutions.
Before beginning his career in financial services, Hatanaka was educated at York University and played the position of running back for the Ottawa Rough Riders.
The foundation also inherited the arts collection of the former bank.
A first branch was opened in the capital of San Marino in 1974.
Malayan Banking Berhad is a Malaysian universal bank, with key operating “home markets” of Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia.
The bank became Prva Banka Crne Gore – founded in 1901.
Trustco has 145 branches spread among New York, Florida, Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Vermont.
William C. Stone is the founder, chairman, and CEO of SS&C Technologies, a global provider of financial services software and software-enabled services.
Bank Rakyat switched to its current name on 6 January 1973.
They are listed on the London Stock Exchange and are a member of the FTSE 250.
Emirates NBD is one of the largest banking groups in the Middle East in terms of assets.
It is a mutual organisation run for the benefit of its members.
The former was merged with another Piedmontese bank Cassa di Risparmio di Biella in 1994.
There it was opened and renamed Valley Bank of Kalispell.
EF Hutton is an American stock brokerage firm founded in 1904 by Edward Francis Hutton and his brother, Franklyn Laws Hutton.
Presently, the bank has a network of 623 branches and offshore banking units in Bahrain, Turkey and EPZ.
AzeriCard is an Azerbaijani bank card processing company.
It ranks among the world’s oldest and largest investment management organizations, with $1.5 trillion in assets under management.
In CEE, RBI operates a network of subsidiary banks, leasing companies and a range of other specialised financial service providers in 17 markets.
RobecoSAM is an international investment company with a specific focus on sustainability investments.
The Bank started its operations from April 7, 2006 and offers shariah compliant retail banking, investment banking, consumer banking and trade finance products.
The bank's headquarters are in Yaesu, Chūō, Tokyo.
In 2007, IGE earned over US$75 million in revenues.
Although floated on the Warsaw Stock Exchange, as of May 2011 the state still directly and indirectly holds 51.24% of shares.
Prodigy Finance is registered in London with offices in London and Cape Town.
Cielo is the largest Brazilian credit and debit card operator.
BNP Paribas Personal Finance is a provider of Consumer Finance Solutions, operating in the UK and Republic of Ireland markets.
Alpari Group is a binary options, foreign exchange, precious metals, and CFD broker that has a record of insolvency and regulatory difficulties.
It is licensed as a commercial bank by the Bank of Mauritius, the country's central bank and the nation's banking regulator.
REAAL sells its products and services exclusively through independent brokers.
AJ Bell Platinum is a bespoke SIPP and SSAS provider offering customers a bespoke service.
Commercial Bank of Africa is a proposed commercial bank in Rwanda.
The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd. is the largest regional bank in Japan, operating mainly in Kanagawa Prefecture and southwestern Tokyo.
The purchase later fell through, and AIA held an IPO in October 2010, raising approximately HK$159.08 billion, the world's third largest IPO ever.
NECU was formed in 1982 from the merger of three existing unions based in the Armidale and New England regions.
UNOFCU is also a member of the East Orleans Chapter of the Louisiana Credit Union League.
Unionbank has 55 active branch locations around the country.
It is the oldest independent bank in the Netherlands with a history dating back to 1737.
Flagstar is also a leading mortgage lender and a national leader in the wholesale mortgage business.
Summit Credit Union, founded in 1935, is a credit union based in Madison, Wisconsin.
The Trade and Development Bank of Mongolia LLC is a Mongolian domiciled limited liability company first permitted to conduct banking activities on May 29, 1993.
Despite the arrival of a Capital One bank branch on campus in the fall of 2009, GUASFCU assets rose to $12.4 million.
It serves all customers regardless of religious affiliation.
The company offers property and casualty insurance.
BCA's assets stood at Rp 67.93 trillion, as opposed to Rp 53.36 trillion in December 1997.
Company officials said customers who have already obtained loans through E-Loan would not be affected.
Merck Sharp & Dohme Federal Credit Union is an American not-for-profit credit union based in Pennsylvania.
Pashtany Bank is the firm controlled by the Afghan government that controls the Central Bank of Afghanistan, the Afghan national insurance company and Ariana Afghan Airlines.
The current senior partner and head of the bank Hans-Walter Peters is also President of the Association of German Banks.
Total assets were NOK 102 billion in 2002.
Kocbank Azerbaijan LTD CJSC Bank increased its Authorized Capital up to 2,000,000 USD in August 2004.
With the steady expansion across the upper Midwest and in Arizona, their strong, service-minded bank continues to make a difference.
Clubfinance is a financial services company based in Hemel Hempstead.
A network of Halkbank offices covers the whole territory of Turkmenistan, providing a wide range of services to the public.
The investments are managed through a private sector venture capital investment company called Victoria Park Capital Inc.
MCX provides a platform for trading of commodities, futures contracts and options contracts on various base metals, agriculture commodities, energy, and currencies.
Many of its operations and services paralleled that of a central bank, except it serves corporate credit unions rather than commercial banks.
Phillips & Drew was a large stockbroking partnership and company based in the City of London, England.
This Bank is managed by executives and this executive team is led by the Managing Director.
In 1940 there was a change of president, bowing to the post Antonio Noguera Bonora, a post that was occupied in 1954 by Ignacio Villalonga Villalba.
CitiFX Pro was Citigroup's online foreign exchange market trading platform for retail and small institutional traders including commodity trading advisors, broker-dealers, money managers, and hedge funds.
PostBank Uganda is a non-bank credit institution in Uganda.
K&H Bank or Kereskedelmi és Hitelbank is one of the biggest commercial bank in Hungary, owned by KBC Bank of Belgium.
In October of the same year, Binck opened a retail branch for online customers.
The company develops, calculates and markets cost-efficient indices over several asset classes, e.g.
Cassa di Risparmio della Repubblica di San Marino is a financial institution based in San Marino.
It shares these with its sister companies Admiral Insurance, Diamond Insurance and Bell Insurance.
Since 2014 it has been more active in industrials, infrastructure, energy - including renewables,  , energy efficiency  - and transportation.
In October 2010, culminating its 100 year anniversary celebrations, the bank inaugurated a modern seven storey Head Office block in Swatar, Birkirkara.
The bank was founded in 1864 in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The company has only one branch, which is in San Diego.
It was relisted as a public company again in 2015.
In 2017, the bank has over 200 employees in twelve locations with over $950 million in assets.
The formation of Kardan Investment Bank started in January 2011.
The company is a wholesaler of electronic real-time news and content gathered from thousands of sources, including national and international news bureaus, agencies and publications.
The company has only one branch, which is in San Diego.
By March 2016, the company ranked third in the US in terms of ETFs tied to indices calculated by Solactive.
TMX Group is headquartered in Toronto and operates offices across Canada, in key U.S. markets, and overseas.
As the largest alternative investment firm in the world, Blackstone specializes in private equity, credit and hedge fund investment strategies.
Additionally, within the framework of factoring collaborations, Hanseatic Bank acquires receivables from companies within and outside of the Otto Group.
It also offers fee-free foreign currency transactions.
and 10 years later, in 1973, changed its name to Bank of Beirut.
Harrods Bank was started in 1893 and caters for high-net-worth individuals.
The bank has branches in Damascus, Aleppo, Hama and Daraa.
The Government of Portugal and Portugal's biggest bank, Caixa Geral de Depósitos, refused assistance to the group.
The company traces its roots back to 1816 when a fire mutual was founded at Land in what is today Oppland county.
That is the strength of a family-owned community bank.
HDFC securities was founded in the year 2000 and is headquartered in Mumbai with branches across major cities and towns in India.
WesBanco is a bank holding company headquartered in Wheeling, West Virginia.
It was based in Farmington Hills, Michigan, with a final total of 3,600 employees, and a global contract of $75 billion as of 2007.
It is also working on expanding its network of branches all across the country along with meeting the global benchmark.
As a corporate credit union, WesCorp provided services to natural person credit unions.
Asset Management and Services provided asset management, investor and insurance services, in particular to clients of the two other business lines.
Federated serves a diverse range of customers, including banks, broker-dealers, trust departments, investment companies, charitable organizations, and pension plans.
The activities of JS Bank are categorized into five business units.
Its purpose was to refinance home mortgages currently in default to prevent foreclosure.
Products were sold through independent agents, brokers and financial planners, and through branches of Fortis Bank.
AIK Banka is a commercial bank based in Belgrade, Serbia.
The name changed to C2FO based on customer feedback that the market delivered collaborative cash flow optimization or C2FO, an acronym for what the market provides.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association, a trade organisation of building societies in the United Kingdom.
The Dutch insurance arm of Fortis was split off as ASR Nederland.
ANZ Fiji is the largest bank in Fiji and has about a 40% market share.
On April 30, 2014, United Bank and Rockville Bank merged.
Porto Seguro competes with Bradesco Seguros, BB Seguridade, SulAmérica, Mapfre, Zurich Insurance Group and others insurance and reinsurance companies in Brazil.
C2FO operates the C2FO working capital market.
The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
Through People's United Financial provides equipment financing, asset management, brokerage and financial advisory services, and insurance services.
Halsey, Stuart was a Chicago-based investment bank founded in 1911.
Investments are in a wide variety of industries and transaction types including buyouts and acquisitions, growth financings, recapitalizations and special situations.
Harrods Bank Limited is a private personalised banking service which operates from the Harrods store in Knightsbridge.
July 16, 2014 Portfolio Recovery Associates completed a $1.3 billion acquisition of Aktiv Kapital AS, and they are now known as PRA Group.
The shareholders increased their capital investment with an additional $185 million to increase the total capitalization to $585 million by end of 2016.
In 2014, Principal was ranked 298th on Fortune magazine's list of the 500 largest U.S. corporations.
National Bank of Commerce was a commercial bank in Uganda.
There are more than 400 First National Bank offices in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Maryland, West Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina.
In 2013, it had CHF 8 billion under management.
The company is registered with and regulated by The Capital Markets Board of Turkey.
It was formed in 2008 by the merger of Credit Union Central of British Columbia and Credit Union Central of Ontario.
Société Générale S.A. is a French multinational banking and financial services company headquartered in Paris.
Clients range from individual investors to small- and mid-sized businesses, as well as large corporations, non-profit organizations and family foundations.
ME Bank is owned by 29 industry super funds, including AustralianSuper, Cbus, HESTA, and HOSTPLUS.
Laxmi Bank is a Category ‘A’ Financial Institution and re-registered in 2006 under the Banks and Financial Institutions Act of Nepal.
On 18 December, 2016, the bank was nationalized by the government of Ukraine, taking 100% ownership.
Its main shareholders include Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd., Lotte group, National Pension Service, Capital Research & Global Investors, Parkland, Templeton, etc.
The company has offices in London, New York and Los Angeles.
In 1990, it was renamed Landolt, Lonfat & Cie., banquiers and in 1994 Landolt & Cie, banquiers.
The banks in Stockholm and Östergötland County were called "Östgöta Enskilda Bank" until May 2011, when they changed their name to "Danske Bank".
It is licensed by the Bank of Uganda, the national banking regulator.
The bailout was funded by the Portuguese Resolution Fund.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the national banking regulator.
The company was born out of the idea of disintermediating banks from the foreign exchange process, thereby driving down costs and administration time for companies.
Seyler & Tillemann was a Hamburg bank in the mid 18th century, that went bankrupt in 1763.
It is one of the largest credit unions in the United States.
The company provides retail loan and lease programs through auto dealers for customers across the credit spectrum.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
It operates through four segments: North America Services, International Services, Merchant Services, and NetSpend.
Between January 2001 and October 2005, banking services for PC Financial were provided by Amicus Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of CIBC.
International Insurance Company is an insurance company based in Baku, Azerbaijan.
We formulate the policy asset mix, and manage and control risks at the levels of the overall asset portfolio, each asset class, and each asset manager.
The bank cooperates with KfW and EBRD within the scope of renewable energy and corporate lending programs.
The credit union, opened in 1949, has 492 full-time employees and 69 part-time employees, or 340 members per employee, compared to a national average of 455.
Credit Acceptance Corporation is an auto finance company providing automobile loans and other related financial products.
• Mezzanine – NBK Capital - GSC Group Mezzanine Fund, a $200 million mezzanine fund
Raiffeisenbank EAD has also built an Agent Network of mobile bank consultants.
SHCIL was established in 1986 and was granted a status of a government company as per section 2(45) of Indian Companies Act, 2013. in 2014.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of KBL European Private Bankers, itself a subsidiary of Precision Capital S.A..
MIDFLORIDA Credit Union is regulated by the National Credit Union Administration as a federally insured state-chartered credit union.
That year, following the UK bank rescue package, the British Government took a 43.4% stake in Lloyds Banking Group.
In July 2006, the Bank purchased Fidis Faktoring Polska, a Polish captive company specialized in factoring for the local offices of the Fiat Group.
Therefore, it will accept and pay interest on saved money from anyone and generate income by providing loans".
The bank’s client base consists of 40,000 business entities and over 2M retail customers.
The GPIF has diversified investments with the following external asset management institutions:
Strong and the other two executives were barred from the securities industry for life, but no criminal charges were filed.
Failure of those, and other, repo positions contributed to the massive liquidity crisis at the firm.
The ARY Group is a Dubai-based holding company founded by a Pakistani businessman, the late Haji Abdul Razzak Yaqoob, who died in 2014.
TCF Bank is the wholly owned banking subsidiary of TCF Financial Corporation, a bank holding company headquartered in Wayzata, Minnesota.
Today Straumur is the only investment bank in Iceland, as the competitors are either commercial banks or do not hold a banking license.
OSK has diversified away from its stockbroking business to include investment banking activities which is carried out under its investment bank subsidiary, OSK Investment Bank Berhad.
Originally it was founded as MP Securities before the company began banking.
Postbank is a member of Eurobank Ergasias Group.
The company was founded in 1895 and is controlled by Larragoiti Family.
The firm focuses on investment management, managing mutual funds and discretionary management of institutional portfolios.
Mawarid Holding is a private Saudi investment company.
The vast majority of its mortgages are sold on to the Federal Housing Administration or Fannie Mae.
It lost more than $735 million alone during 2009, and another $400 million through the first six months of 2010.
Private Clients business works with individuals, charities and companies to meet their wealth management needs through financial planning, investment management and asset selection.
The company states that it has more than 600 employees.
The bank was a subsidiary of the now defunct Lebanese Canadian Bank.
After a large failed loan put First Boston under financial stress, Credit Suisse bought a controlling share of the bank in 1988.
This expansion includes cashing checks, paying bills, send or receive Western Union money transfers, purchase discounted money orders and prepaid VISA debit card.
Arbejdernes Landsbank is a Danish bank founded in 1919 with approximately 250.000 customers and 1,075 employees.
As of September 2016, SunTrust Bank operates 1,400 bank branches and 2,160 ATMs across 11 southeastern states and Washington, D.C..
It has branches in Grenada, Guyana, Barbados, and offshore banking operations incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
They will maintain the MetLife name on MetLife Stadium.
Growthgate Capital was incorporated as a closed joint stock company in the Kingdom of Bahrain in 2007.
Alliant Credit Union is a member-owned financial cooperative headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Its service area spans the Chicago metropolitan area, the northern and central regions of Illinois, the Indianapolis metropolitan area, and the Las Vegas metropolitan area.
APCA provides a venue for industry collaboration on these issues and works closely with government, regulators, payments stakeholders and individuals to improve the payments system.
He was one of two people who claimed to have invented the Mai Tai.
In 1985, it launched its first merger arbitrage investment partnership, The Gabelli Associates Fund.
It is one of the licensed commercial banks in the country.
Gjensidige demutualised and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange in December 2010.
Dexia Crediop S.p.A. is an Italian bank specializing in financing public infrastructure.
Before the First Gulf War, Rafidain Bank "was the Arab world’s largest commercial bank with total assets of USD 47 billion.".
Its investment process for each of the existing lines of business remains unchanged, under the leadership of CIO Arminio Fraga, Luiz Henrique Fraga and their teams.
S&P is known for its stock market indices such as the U.S.-based S&P 500, the Canadian S&P/TSX, and the Australian S&P/ASX 200.
The society is particularly interested to see derelict and dilapidated property brought back into use.
Equity Group Holdings Limited, formerly Equity Bank Group, is a financial services holding company based in the African Great Lakes region.
The company is credited for pioneering the fund of funds investment strategy.
In 2016 the moved its regional headquarters to Five Star Bank Plaza formerly one HSBC plaza.
However, Ameritrade instead purchased TD Waterhouse USA, with TD Bank holding a 39% stake in the new entity.
The bank made the news several times, due to, among numerous things, overpriced mortgages and deferred annuities.
The merger created a credit union with more than $800 million in assets and more than 90,000 members in seven counties.
Pioneer Investcorp Ltd. is an integrated mid-market focused financial services company.
The Bank was also awarded the Best Digital Bank in the World in the year 2016 by Euromoney.
Posti’s net sales in 2016 amounted to EUR 1,608 million.
Its chief-film-critic was Derek Elley, former resident critic at Variety.
DCU has over US$8 billion in assets.
In 2014, the bank introduced AmeriaToken, a one-time password generator.
The company is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and is South Africa's largest short-term insurer.
Investec's South African headquarters are at 100 Grayston Drive, Sandown, Sandton.
The company has 8500+ sub-brokers and franchisee outlets in more than 900 cities across India.
The company operates this financial program through a national network of dealer-partners, the automobile dealers participating in the programs.
The bank has also been running Agency banking model.
Mergers and acquisitions are transactions in which the ownership of companies, other business organizations or their operating units are transferred or combined.
EGHL's headquarters are in Nairobi, Kenya, with subsidiaries in Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, South Sudan, Rwanda, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
MoneyGram is a public company and listed under the ticker symbol MGI.
Profit Investment Management, LLC is a SEC registered investment advisory firm based in Bethesda, MD.
It is licensed as a "commercial bank" by the Bank of Sierra Leone, the central bank and national banking regulator.
The bank has been expanding its footprint all over India.
National Bank of Malawi, is a commercial bank in Malawi.
GLS Bank is a German ethical bank that was founded in 1974 as an anthroposophical initiative by Wilhelm Ernst Barkhoff and Gisela Reuther.
Karur Vysya Bank கருர் வைஸ்யா வங்கி is an Indian private-sector bank, headquartered in Karur in Tamil Nadu.
As of 2013, ING served over 48 million individual and institutional clients in more than 40 countries, with a worldwide workforce exceeding 75,000.
Its corporate headquarters are in Bloomington, Illinois.
PNB has a banking subsidiary in the UK, as well as branches in Hong Kong, Kowloon, Dubai, and Kabul.
TrimTabs Investment Research, Inc. is a leading independent institutional research firm focused on equity market liquidity based in Sausalito, California.
The Bank is fully committed to contribute its best for the socio economic development of the country and people in the days to come.
Vector Capital is a private equity firm focused on value-oriented investments in technology companies.
They were mainly active in the United States and in Europe, particularly in the Netherlands, France, Germany, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
Totens Sparebank is the largest owner of Eika Gruppen.
Today, SDCCU is open to everyone living or working in San Diego, Riverside and Orange counties.
It is the fourth-largest bank of Indonesia in terms of assets .
In January 2009, George Mavroudis was appointed President of Guardian Capital Group.
Hearst owns 80% of the company following its acquisition of an additional 30 percent on December 12, 2014, in a transaction valued at $1.965 billion.
Ptt, an abbreviation for Posta ve Telgraf Teşkilatı, is the national post and telegraph directorate of Turkey.
The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, commonly referred to as CIBC, is one of the Big Five banks in Canada.
Inland has 10 branches in the west suburbs of Chicago.
Matsui Securities is a Japanese financial company.
Panmure Gordon also has an office Leeds.
It is a primary dealer in U.S. Treasury securities and various European Government bonds.
SEI Investments Company, formerly Simulated Environments Inc, is a financial services company headquartered in Oaks, Pennsylvania, United States.
The name Aktia is derived from the Greek language word akti, which means coast.
With roots tracing back to 1923, the legacy Florida Community Bank was the first bank established in Collier County.
Unicaja is a Spanish savings bank based in Málaga and chartered as a caja de ahorros providing retail banking services.
Standard Chartered Nepal is a banking and financial services company in Nepal and a subsidiary of Standard Chartered PLC.
In March 2015, Offshore Alert described the group as a Ponzi scheme and it is currently under investigation by regulators in South Africa, Mauritius and Guernsey.
Until 1974 the portfolio was managed by Norsk Kollektiv Pensjonskasse, when KLP received its own licence.
Groupe Caisse d'épargne is a French semi-cooperative banking group, founded in 1818, with around 4700 branches in the country.
The Management Board of NBGI Private Equity are: Pavlos Stellakis; Mark Owen;Stratos Chatzigiannis; Omiros Millas; Orestis Millas; Yannis Voyatzis.
"Natural-person credit unions" serve individual people, as distinguished from "corporate credit unions," which serve other credit unions.
TP ICAP plc is a global firm of professional intermediaries that operates in the world's financial, energy and commodities markets.
Access Bank Zambia Limited, commonly referred to as Access Bank Zambia, is a commercial bank in Zambia.
Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. is a Swiss insurance company, commonly known as Zurich, headquartered in Zürich, Switzerland.
Triodos Bank finances companies which it thinks add cultural value and benefit both people and the environment.
The Myanma Foreign Trade Bank is a state-owned bank specializing in foreign banking.
BCHB has a total staff strength of more than 36,000 located in its offices in 11 countries.
The credit union has approximately $10 billion in assets, more than 1,700 employees, and more than 240,000 members.
Eligibility for membership is extended to anyone who lives in the United States of America.
OneSavings Bank plc is a British banking company.
Mr. Hasan A. Bilgrami was appointed as Adviser to the sponsors on March 16, 2004 to formalize the idea.
It was originally formed on the 10 February 1981 in St. John's.
They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index.
All user accounts will be deactivated and users will no longer be able to log in.
Banca IFIS is a bank founded in 1983 in Genoa, Italy by Sebastien Egon Fürstenberg, the current Chairman and majority shareholder.
A 2007 European report concluded that regulators had focused on solvency margins and failed to consider the increasing risk of accrued terminal bonuses.
Agricultural Bank of China Limited, also known as AgBank or 农行 Nóngháng, is one of the "Big Four" banks in the People's Republic of China.
Its primary lending focus is on commercial, construction and real estate mortgage.
Currently, there are only two Egyptian companies making the list.
Murphy-Hoffman Company is the largest privately owned multi-state network of truck dealerships and leasing locations, providing truck-related services to more than 50,000 customers.
It is a subsidiary of Fubon Financial Holding Co., Ltd. of Taiwan.
Reynolds Securities was a publicly traded brokerage firm.
The bank was nationalised in 1974 and privatized in 2003 when Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development acquired a controlling share.
In addition, the insurance, reinsurance and investment management companies in the General Re group include: Gen Re Intermediaries, GR-NEAM, General Star, Genesis, USAU and Faraday.
ING Bank Limited is an Australian direct bank and a wholly owned subsidiary of the multinational Dutch bank, ING Group.
In May 2013, Värde Partners, Inc. finished the acquisition of FirstCity Financial Corporation.
In other alphabetic scripts such as the original Phoenician, Hebrew or Arabic, letters predominantly or exclusively represent consonants; such a script is also called an abjad.
In 1894, the company built the first skyscraper in New York, and the tallest building in the world at the time: the Manhattan Life Insurance Building.
Guaranty Trust Bank, also known as GT Bank, formerly known as Fina Bank Group, is a financial services organization in East Africa.
MassMutual was ranked 76th in the Fortune 500 list.
All profits after overheads are given directly to charity.
HSH has significant operations in Luxembourg, New York City, London and Singapore.
It is currently the third largest in term of assets among Haiti's private commercial banks.
It was founded in 1996 by CEO Chen Dongshen and has branches in Beijing, Shanghai, Hubei, Shandong, and Guangdong.
Qualitative content including business descriptions, officer information, and executive compensation
Market acquisition may be reflected in the increasing number of Day Bank’s branches, over the previous four years.
Ranked No.1 MLA with 7.2% market share in the Dealogic Global Project Finance League Loans rankings 2014
Founded in 1989, Riverside Partners has managed more than $700 million in investments in over 55 companies.
First National Bank is Namibia largest commercial bank and according to The Banker Magazine of London is Namibia's best bank for the fifth consecutive year.
Messrs. Drummond is a formerly independent private bank that is now owned by The Royal Bank of Scotland Group.
San Diego County Credit Union is San Diego's largest locally owned financial institution.
Bank Windhoek has a strong track record of making banking more accessible in remote areas of Namibia.
Duncan Lawrie Limited, known simply as Duncan Lawrie, was a small private bank with its head office in Belgravia, London.
FEXCO is an Irish-based financial services company focusing on bureau de change and payment card services.
In 1991 in Venezuela, the group owned Tabacalera Nacional, today owned by Philip Morris, Fosforera Suramericana, C.A., Alimentos La Giralda, and Banco Exterior.
The Bank of Rajasthan Ltd was a private sector bank of India which merged with ICICI Bank in 2010.
Åland Post is the independent postal operator for the Åland Islands.
Wood Gundy Inc. was a leading Canadian stock brokerage and investment banking firm.
In 1990, once again there is a consolidation of almost all banks in Montenegro into a united system of Montenegrobanka Titograd.
The economic downturn of 2008 negatively affected the credit union with large losses in the first half of the year.
Tompkins Financial Corporation is a small, diversified financial services company based in Ithaca, New York.
The Bank is operating in 13 districts of Odisha State with its Head Office at Bhubaneswar.
Martins agreed to its acquisition by the Bank of Liverpool in 1918.
However, the Co-operative Bank's own financial crisis resulted in the original plans being abandoned.
LSB Bancshares, Inc. was the holding company for Lexington State Bank.
FMC remains an owner-operated investment advisory firm.
The main company of the group was Banca Sella S.p.A., an Italian bank based in Biella, Piedmont.
In 1998, Rabobank purchased the finance company Wrightson Farmers Finance Limited from Wrightson, a 160-year-old farming business, for NZ$300mil.
Among major markets served include Pittsburgh, Columbus, Charleston, Dayton, Louisville, and Lexington.
Three weeks later, on November 7, the company filed for Chapter 7 liquidation.
Houlihan employed approximately 125 professionals with offices in Chicago, New York, and Los Angeles.
Their primary focus is on providing low cost services to small business, low income households and non-profit organization.
The word FIQ Stands for Financial Intelligence Quotient because of the mission of the company to increase financial intelligence of its users.
In 2017, Fortune ranked American Express as the 17th most admired company worldwide.
The company's largest offices are in Detroit, Livonia, Auburn Hills, Michigan and Dallas.
It was co-founded by Igor Finogenov, now CEO of the Eurasian Development Bank.
At the close of 2014 KCCU had CN$140 million in assets and approximately 13,000 members.
Since 2003, LCL is owned by Crédit Agricole but still operates as a separate entity in all of France.
TPS solutions are packaged with some customizations for each customer and are focused on the electronic banking area only.
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc., formerly Chuo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc., is a Japanese financial holding company headquartered in Chiyoda, Tokyo.
The The Toho Bank, Ltd. is a Japanese regional bank headquartered in Fukushima, Fukushima Prefecture, in the Tōhoku region of northern Honshū.
The Group's headquarters is located at 25 Gresham Street in the City of London and its registered office is on The Mound in Edinburgh.
Goldenwest is a not-for profit, financial cooperative that is owned, governed and operated by its members.
A subsidiary of Hawaiian Electric Industries, it is headed by Chairman Constance Lau.
Citi Ecuador is headquartered in Quito, with offices in Guayaquil.
Teachers Mutual Bank Limited is one of the largest mutual banks in Australia, with more than 156,000 members and assets of $4.22 billion.
It has 10 full locations across Minnesota, as well as nine ATM locations without banks.
Reliance Insurance Limited, was founded in Bangladesh as a private non-life insurance company in 1988.
Bank Mellat's logo is derived from City National Bank of Florida.
The company offers online trading in spread betting, contracts for difference and foreign exchange across world markets.
The company provides electronic transaction processing services to various sizes of businesses in both Canada and the United States of America.
Presently the Bank is having correspondent relationship in 45 countries covering 9 currencies with over 125 banks.
AXA UK plc is part of the AXA group of companies.
Busey Bank had total assets of $5.5 billion as of June 30, 2017.
responsAbility Investments is registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority.
Today, CIBC's investment banking business is known as CIBC World Markets and CIBC Wood Gundy is used as the brand for the bank's retail brokerage business.
Confused.com, part of the Admiral Group, is a British financial services comparison website specialising in insurance and financial services.
YNCU has a long history of partnering with like-minded credit unions to form a thriving organization that can better serve members and communities.
Embrace Home Loans Inc., is an American full service direct mortgage lender, headquartered in Newport, Rhode Island.
The Bank's development of business activities called for a new name and corporate image as ATEbank.
This bank was founded on January 18, 1906 in Pune by Krishnaji Sadashiv Gore and Shankar Hari Barve.
In June 2012, Moody rated Santander UK as being in a more financially healthy position than its parent company, Banco Santander.
It administers almost 6 million accounts, which proves its stable position in the Slovak banking sector.
It is now subsumed under HSBC Private Bank.
The company operates through three businesses: AIG Property Casualty, AIG Life and Retirement, and United Guaranty Corporation.
It has approximately $990 million in total assets, $86 million in equity capital, and a branch network that includes 13 locations throughout Miami-Dade and Broward counties.
In 1992 the organization was split into a limited company and a banking foundation Fondazione Cassa di Risparmi di Livorno.
It was the first attempt to bring pre-paid credit cards into the Malaysian market and as of 2007, more than 100000 NexG cards are in circulation.
As of 2000, the Waterfield Group was the largest privately held mortgage company in the US.
At least 85% of net proceeds of any equity offering were to be invested in uranium.
The Firm joined M&A International Inc., a global alliance of mid-market investment banks, in 1994.
The Raja had invited the eminent investors to become the founding directors and shareholders of the bank.
Meridian Financial Services, Incorporated,a Massachusetts-chartered holding company, owned 59.5% of the Company’s common stock.
TruMark Financial is the official financial institution of the Philadelphia Union and Talen Energy Stadium.
Its principal subsidiary, First Hawaiian Bank founded in 1858, is Hawai'is oldest and largest financial institution headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii, at the First Hawaiian Center.
Clients are institutional customers in markets for a range of fixed income, financial, equity and Commodity instruments.
There was trouble persuading the Financial Services Authority to grant Fishwick a banking licence and name it an actual bank.
Employee fundraising and volunteering, with more than $62,500 raised and 2,360 hours volunteered by hundreds of staff throughout 2015/16;
TD Securities is an investment dealer in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Its loan products portfolio includes construction, commercial and industrial, commercial mortgage, residential mortgage, home equity, and consumer loans.
IIB is the only Commercial Bank approved as the Principal Agent for MasterCard in Iraq.
Whereas TPS Pakistan looks after the area of Europe, Africa and South Asia.
Bank of India Limited, commonly referred to as Bank of India, is a commercial bank in Uganda.
As many as 10 banks have been merged with Bank of Baroda during its journey so far:
It was also awarded the Best Wealth Management House in the Philippines by The Asset Magazine in 2011.
Mediolanum Group was found by Ennio Doris, the current second largest shareholders of the conglomerate.
In 2010, Detroit Edison merged with NuUnion Credit Union to establish Lake Trust Credit Union.
FFA Private Bank is a bank in Beirut, Lebanon specializing in the fields of Capital Markets, Wealth Management and Investment Banking
Božo Prka, the bank's CEO since 1998, served as Finance Minister 1995–97 under Prime Minister Zlatko Mateša.
Spring Bank Plc., also referred to as Spring Bank, is a commercial bank in Nigeria.
Its subsidiaries include AXA Insurance, Swiftcover, AXA Commercial and Personal Intermediaries, AXA PPP healthcare, SunLife, AXA Investment Managers and AXA Wealth.
In 1987, Peterffy also created the first fully automated algorithmic trading system, to automatically create and submit orders to a market.
The company works with individuals and businesses through a network of agents and financial institution customers.
The firm is headquartered in New York City and Chicago with 2,300 staff located in 20 cities throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia.
The Certegy name and check division of Fidelity Information Services is currently under negotiations for sale.
UPC also offers integrated IT systems for electronic commerce, card transactions monitoring systems of fraud prevention, card issuing system and SMS banking service.
Its banking subsidiary, Regions Bank, operates 1,906 automated teller machines and 1,527 banking offices across 15 states in the southern United States.
This merger marked the first between an Indian bank and a foreign bank.
Bridgeway also provides sub-advisory and separate account services.
It is headquartered in New York City with offices in London, Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Denver, San Francisco, Calgary, and Houston.
The Company was listed on NYSE under GFIG until March 2015.
The Manchester Building Society is a building society, which has its head office in Manchester, England.
As of March 31, 2013 Mountain National Bank held assets in the amount of $437 million and about $373 million in deposits.
Crèdit Andorrà is an Andorran banking house.
In December 2009, it was announced that Hinduja Bank acquired a majority stake in Chennai-based Patersons Securities.
The bank was based in Oslo and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
It is notable for dealing in items of customary wealth such as hand-woven mats, shells or pig tusks rather than Western currency.
As such, Fishwick decided to use an above-market 5% AER.
Membership in the credit union is open to anyone who works or lives in El Paso, Hudspeth and Dona Ana counties.
It holds a significant strategic investment in Sun Hun Kai Financial Limited in Hong Kong.
ARY Group was originally owned by four brothers: the late Abdul Razzak Yaqoob, Haji Mohammad Iqbal, Haji Jan Mohammad, and Haji Abdul Rauf.
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. is a Spanish bank based in Galicia.
Moreover, only one branch in Campania, Abruzzo, Marche and only two branches in Apulia, Trentino – South Tyrol and Umbria.
The Bank specializes in lending services provide to small and mid-sized companies.
The bank was bought by UBI Banca on 18 January 2017 for a nominal fee.
The bank also provides personal and commercial loans, as well as leasing services.
In the 2013-14 financial year, the bank made a net profit of Rs 20.12 Crore.
Bank Asya was established in October 24, 1996 with its head office in Istanbul, as the sixth private finance house of Turkey.
BCA provides economic analysis and trend forecasts of the major financial asset classes and geographic markets.
Sparebanken Sør is an independent savings bank with total assets of BNOK 90, and 500 man-years as of 1.
The firm was founded as The Life Insurance Company of Virginia in 1871.
A September 2013 report claimed a quarterly revenue of US$8.1 million with a net income of US$886k.
United Overseas Bank Limited is a Singaporean multinational banking organisation headquartered in Singapore, with branches mostly found in most Southeast Asian countries.
Juniper Advisory is a boutique investment bank based in Chicago, with additional offices in Houston.
As of 2012, it had a base of almost 70,000 members and an asset base of almost $1 billion.
Otkritie Bank ranks 1st among privately owned banks and 4th by assets among banking groups in Russia.
The group collected around ₹200 to 300 billion from over 1.7 million depositors before it collapsed in April 2013.
Today it has more than 7.5 million personal customers and 850,000 small business accounts.
The Bank was officially privatized on January 1, 1998.
That society merged with Nationwide Anglia Building Society by a transfer of engagements on 30 September 1987.
The organization also provided economic services and forecasts specific to the credit union industry.
It was the first Croatian bank to become fully privatised in 1989 and the first one to be listed at the Zagreb Stock Exchange in 1995.
Fairwinds is regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration, and has 171,000 members and assets of $2.0 billion.
With decisions made locally, it offers its independent wealth management expertise to clients based in Luxembourg and the rest of Europe.
The Singular Assets Management Unit closes the corporate structure, taking charge of distressed and non strategic assets, non-performing, substandard, repossessed assets and buildings for own use.
First Midwest Bank will pay the FDIC a premium of 1.0 percent to assume all of the deposits of Palos Bank and Trust Company.
The bank had 4,035 employees as of 2005, 555 branches in Spain and 3 abroad.
Windsor Family Credit Union is a Canadian credit union headquartered and located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
Formed on 3 March 1953, it is the 31st largest in the United Kingdom based on total assets of £286 million at 31 December 2013.
WhoTrades is a Russian financial services company with offices in New York and Cyprus.
Banca Cattolica S.p.A. was an Italian cooperative bank based in Molfetta, Apulia region.
More than 97 per cent of municipalities and counties have loans with KBN.
By 1958, American Savings and Loan had five offices.
CBZ Bank, whose full name is CBZ Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Zimbabwe.
The company's operations are in Solihull and Belfast where it employs 740 people.
The company was founded in 1988 and has its headquarter in Shenzhen.
The firm had a particular presence in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic including New York, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and Virginia as well as a strong presence in California.
Since this milestone, the bank has adopted an ambitious development plan for years to come.
With total assets of €18.8 billion and about 1,500 employees the bank has a medium-size.
The leading provider of M&A, derivatives, equity and fixed income services.
It is a Local Government Funding Agency owned by the Dutch Water boards and provinces.
Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. of Nashville, Tennessee took over BNC as of June 16, 2017 with plans to change BNC branches to Pinnacle by September 2017.
Mattioli Woods is a provider of wealth management and employee benefit services.
NCG Banco, S.A. operates as Novagalicia Banco in Galicia, Asturias and León and as EVO Banco in the rest of Spain.
Caterpillar stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Centurion Bank of Punjab was an Indian private sector bank that provided retail and corporate banking services.
In 1993, Greenline Investor Services acquired operations of Marathon Brokerage.
The bank has a branch in Hong Kong and a representative office in Shenzen.
Citibank UAE is the sibsidiary of Citibank based in the United Arab Emirates.
It specialises in equity derivatives clearing, providing central counterparty clearing and settlement services to 15 exchanges.
In February 2010, the bank bought an 80% share in Myanmar Airways International, Myanmar's international airline.
Kiatnakin Bank is a full-service bank based in Thailand.
BoI is a founder member of SWIFT, which facilitates provision of cost-effective financial processing and communication services.
It also has two overseas branches in Singapore and Hong Kong.
Simple is an American direct bank based in Portland, Oregon.
In 2015 Wintrust began to expand into equipment financing, both directly through its banking subsidiaries and indirectly through dealers.
As a not-for-profit credit union, it gives back its earnings to its customers and their local communities.
London Life is a part of Great-West Lifeco subsidiary The Great-West Life Assurance Company, which in turn is controlled by Power Financial Corporation
Primary objective of the bank is to finance for agricultural and non-agricultural sectors in rural area.
The Swansea Building Society,, is a building society based in Swansea, Wales.
Its trading platform has a tool that dissects a trader's strategy and rates it according to its risk, scalability, performance, experience.
In 2014, Dragon Capital was named Fund Manager of the year in the 2014 WealthBriefing Asia Awards.
In August 2015, it was announced National Penn had been acquired by BB&T.
Harvest Fund Management(Chinese: 嘉实基金) is a Chinese asset management company.
Mawarid Finance is a private joint stock company in Dubai, UAE providing Shari'a-compliant financial services.
It offers a range of products from car, home, pet, travel and life insurance to investment and retirement solutions.
TBI Bank is a commercial bank founded in 2002 with headquarters in Sofia providing financial services via 55 offices in Bulgaria and 6 in Romania.
A satellite office exists in Roseville, California.
Harbinger Capital Partners is a private hedge fund based in New York City, New York, founded by Philip Falcone, who is the fund's Senior Managing Director.
The Commercial Bank of Africa is a commercial bank in Uganda.
Novo Banco was recapitalised to the tune of 4.9 billion euros by a special bank Resolution Fund.
The bank was registered on 20 June 1997 with its headquarters at 6 Moskovskiy Avenue, Kiev.
Established in 1997 as a purely Microfinance Institution that was mostly popular among women at the time, Urwego Opportunity Bank is definitely Rwanda’s bank for all
Through its Reichmuth Matterhorn fund, it lost $330 million in four hedge funds invested with Bernie Madoff.
On the 12th of February, the Bank of Lithuania in accordance with Art.
As of October 1, 2010 Carolina First and Mercantile Bank now operate as trade names of TD Bank, N.A.
The bank also operates in Bosnia and Herzegovina through its local subsidiary Komercijalna banka Banja Luka since 2006.
The Hypo Real Estate Holding AG is a holding company based in Munich, Germany which comprises a number of real estate financing banks.
The IOR is regulated by the Vatican's financial supervisory body AIF.
The Yamaguchi Bank, Ltd. is a regional bank in Japan, primarily in the Yamaguchi Prefecture.
In 2015 their average interest rate paid to savers was 1.78% and their net mortgage lending was £1.4bn.
TIC, along with Tata Sons, promotes the Tata Mutual Fund.
In October Banca IMI absorbed the corresponding subsidiary of Intesa: Banca Caboto to become the new Banca IMI S.p.A..
Established in 1832, the group, which also operated in mainland Denmark, encompassed retail, corporate and investment banking activities as well as real estate brokerage.
Having always had a highly decentralised membership, the bank was an early innovator in providing banking services with telephone and, later, internet banking.
CPB Bank was the Greek branch of Cyprus Popular Bank.
The investment banking arm, Investment Management Group, provides services in issue management, asset management, brokerage and research.
Envision Financial, a division of First West Credit Union, is based in British Columbia, Canada.
The Bank of Bombay undertook all the normal activities which a commercial bank was expected to undertake.
Formerly known as The Salvation Army Bank, Reliance Bank Limited was founded in 1890 by William Booth.
SBI's market share will increase to 22 percent from 17 per cent.
The bank was founded in 1938 and the Indian government nationalized it in 1969.
Both of these companies at the time were subsidiaries of Liberty Holdings and Standard Bank respectively.
It was registered on 19 May 1993 and began operations in June 1993.
It consists of Delta Lloyd, OHRA and ABN AMRO Verzekeringen together and a few minor banks.
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti manages the entire Italian Postal savings that represent its first source of financial resources.
PCG, together with affiliates and subsidiaries currently manage over $17 billion in assets and has invested and advised upon over $44 billion since 1990.
On 9 March 2010, the Board of Directors of Banca Popolare di Milano S.c.a r.l.
It was created as a central bank for the Norwegian savings banks as well as functioning as a commercial bank.
It was first based in Bukit Mertajam, Penang before being moved to Kuala Lumpur in 1964.
First Business Bank, also known as FBBank, was a commercial bank that offered financial services to individuals, professionals and businesses in Greece.
Carver engages in a range of consumer and commercial banking services.
The bank dates back to 1924 when it was founded as the Latvian Postal Savings Bank.
Abbey National plc was a bank based in the United Kingdom and former building society, which latterly traded under the Abbey brand name.
The current President and CEO is Mr. Greg O'Neill.
Van Lanschot has been listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange since 1999.
It was also rated as the Best Bank in the years 2013, 2014 and 2015, due to its robust growth.
United Security Bancshares, is a California registered financial holding company for United Security Bank under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.
Think Mutual Bank is an American mutual bank based out of Rochester, Minnesota.
Financial Planning Standards Board India is an Indian professional body based in Mumbai that deals with setting professional standards.
It has operations in several regions in central Italy, but concentrated in Marche region.
Sparekassen Sjælland is a bank headquartered in Holbæk, Denmark.
The bank's management has privatization in plan by the end of 2017.
J. Randall Waterfield, a former manager at Goldman Sachs and grandson of Richard H. Waterfield, serves as the Waterfield Group’s chairman.
Other shareholders include BBBank and the credit unions through their membership associations.
Goldenwest exists to provide financial products and services that members require to succeed.
INTL FCStone Inc is a Fortune 500 financial services firm focused on diversified financial markets.
1st Constitution Bancorp is a New Jersey bank.
On 23 May 2008 HDFC Bank acquired Centurion Bank of Punjab.
As one of the largest privately owned investment banks in the country, Stephens has 25 offices worldwide and employs more than 700 people.
Launched on June 21, 2010, Merrill Edge is a part of Bank of America's retail banking division.
Liongate, founded in 2003, managed a range of funds of hedge funds in both commingled funds and tailored, single client portfolios.
Rothschild & Co is a financial holding company listed on Euronext Paris and controlled by the French and English branch of the Rothschild family.
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. is a Dutch bank with headquarters in Amsterdam.
The Dubai Islamic Bank is an Islamic bank in Dubai, established in 1975.
Net assets on 01.05.2010 made up 20.699 billion Ukrainian hryvnia, the Bank authorised capital made up UAH 2 billion.
The Bank of Iwate, Limited is a Japanese regional bank that is based out of Morioka, the capital of Iwate prefecture in the Tohoku region.
Acadian's proprietary database covers over 40,000 securities in more than 60 markets worldwide.
Brinson Partners was an asset management firm focused on providing access for U.S. institutions to global markets.
The company also has branches in Nepal, Kuwait, and Dubai.
Safeway Insurance Group is the largest, privately held, family owned insurance company in the United States.
It was established at Mangalore in 1906, making it one of the oldest public sector banks in the country.
Account maintenance fee for savings account is 690 BDT which is taken as 345 BDT each six months.
Advance America's current President and CEO is J. Patrick O'Shaughnessy.
The bank's primary businesses include deposits, lending, credit cards, and trust and investment services.
DCB Bank recently inaugurated branches at Kusnoor in Karnataka, New Delhi in the National Capital Region, Ajmer in Rajasthan and Vishakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh.
By 2013, Deloitte & Touche claimed to have recovered about 75% of the creditors' lost money.
The company's name, which had been previously "Asya Finans Kurumu Anonim Şirketi", was changed into "Asya Katilim Bankasi Anonim Şirketi" on December 20, 2005.
Along with JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup, Wells Fargo is one of the "Big Four Banks" of the United States.
Following the Home Building Society and Pioneer mergers, it now has more than 650,000 customers.
The platform enables businesses to sell invoices, via a marketplace, to non-bank institutional investors on terms the business chooses.
Various organizations, such as the World Service Authority, have advocated global citizenship.
As of 2015, Nusenda Credit Union had more than $1.5 billion in assets, more than 150,000 members, and 16 branches from Taos to Socorro.
The Bank competes with all other major banks operating in Pakistan.
The Grameen Bank is a microfinance organisation and community development bank founded in Bangladesh.
The Firm has completed over 275 transactions with a combined value in excess of $17 billion.
Major trading firm AOT financed the start-up partly, taking a 52% stake, and bought the remaining shares in 2004.
The largest share holder of Nordea is Sampo, a Finnish insurance company with around 20% of the shares.
There is no longer a corporate identity named National Bank of New Zealand its business having been subsumed in ANZ Bank.
The Bulletin quotes Paris as blaming a “credit-based lifestyle” for the surprising amount of debt that many people are in, in Australia.
It has also came forward in beautification of Dhaka city, funding foot over-bridges at crowded points of the city and creating income generating welfare schemes.
It was the first privately owned local commercial bank in the Philippines initially catering to the banking needs of Chinese-Filipino businessmen.
This is the first financial institution in the Region of Murcia.
The credit union originally served Algoma Steelworkers and their families as the Algoma Steelworker’s Credit Union, opening up to serve the entire Algoma district in 1981.
Banco Popolare Società Cooperativa was an Italian bank, formed in 2007 from the merger of Banco Popolare di Verona e Novara and Banca Popolare Italiana.
There are currently 55 million members, and $1.7 billion in assets.
U.S. Bankcard Services, Inc. is a provider of merchant services for credit card and other electronic payment transactions.
In accordance with the Federal Credit Union Act of 1934, Call Federal Credit Union is a tax-exempt, federally chartered, federally insured, not-for-profit financial cooperative.
Data Explorers offers access to quantitative measurement of securities lending, performance and risk.
Secondary activities include Procurement, Human Resource management, Technological Development and Infrastructure.
Forces Financial was established in 1999 and is based in Suffolk with its company headquarters situated in Ipswich.
Its management and controlling stake was taken over by the NDB Group of Sri Lanka and was renamed as NDB Capital Limited.
Supporting small and medium businesses which comprise 85% of the companies registered in the UAE.
Also in 2012, Funding Options was a global finalist in a competition run by SWIFT to identify promising new financial technology firms.
CustomerXPs has received $4M funding in the 1st round from JAFCO It markets primarily to banking, retail and telecom enterprises.
PSECU or the Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
The Bank commenced its business on 2 December, 1989 with a paid up capital of Rs.
The first Chairman of the Cosmos Bank was Sahitya Samrat N.C. Kelkar alias Tatyasaheb Kelkar.
It maintains a presence in most of the metro cities of India and also in rural areas.
Fürst Fugger Privatbank is a small German regional bank in Augsburg, founded in 1954 and mainly serving the Swabia region of Bavaria, with 159 employees.
The bank was the first one to introduce a bank credit card to the Puerto Rican market.
PMCU is based in Southern California with branch locations in Oceanside, San Marcos, San Diego, Temecula, Barstow, and Yucca Valley.
Industry classification and universe management by GICS®, NAICS and SIC
Though lacking a truly strong domestic network in Britain, it was influential in the development of British colonial trade throughout the East of Suez.
CIMB Group is Malaysia’s second largest financial services provider and one of Southeast Asia’s leading universal banking groups.
Founded in 1964, Fremont Bank is one of the oldest independent family-owned and managed banks in the state.
The government proposed to invest 2.5 billion rupees in shares by 31 March and another 5.50 billion in the next fiscal year in Tier-I capital instruments.
The Principality Building Society,, is a Welsh building society based in Cardiff, the capital of Wales.
On 17 March 2017, the British Government confirmed its remaining shares in Lloyds Banking Group had been sold.
Swissquote Group Holding SA  is a Swiss banking group specialising in the provision of online financial and trading services.
First Community Financial Bank, First Busey Corporation’s wholly owned bank subsidiary, is headquartered in Joliet, Illinois.
Its traditional banking lines included international payment services, multi-currency account, credit facilities, trade finance, forex trading facilities, internet banking and international card services.
Kent Reliance, formerly known as Kent Reliance Building Society and also known as KRBS, is a banking services provider based in Kent, England.
Minneapolis-based Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America provides annuities and life insurance products in the United States in all states except for New York.
This sudden surge prompted the board of directors to seek new quarters.
The Board of Directors is elected annually by members, who are each allowed only one share in the bank.
Pravex Bank is also an important precious metals trader in Ukraine.
The credit union suffered tremendous damage during Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Kaupskil has a call option to buy the government’s stake at a later point.
Grupo Empresarial Ángeles is a Mexican corporation owned by Olegario Vázquez Raña and founded in 1998.
Jack announced in August 2011 that he would retire on January 31, 2012.
The Bank was made for farmers of Rangpur and Rajshahi divisions.
IGE also possesses Myanmar's second largest timber trading company.
The bank's net worth rose to ₹11,344 crore.
First Community Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
Deal of the Year - Japan Deal of the Year
The Group has over 3,000 employees and over 1.9 million clients.
Baines & Ernst is an English financial solutions company that is part of the Paymex Group.
The Karnataka Bank Limited is a major banking institution based in the coastal city of Mangaluru in Karnataka, India.
Metzler traces its origins to a trading company established 1674 by Benjamin Metzler in Frankfurt and is Germany’s second oldest bank and the world's 5th oldest.
It was authorized to do business in eight states: CA, FL, IL, IA, MN, NV, NY, WA.
Between 2007 and 2010, Santander was ranked as worst bank for customer service in the J. D. Power UK Retail Banking Satisfaction Study.
With 43 locations, the organization focuses most of their work in the Arkansas Delta and Mississippi Delta.
Al Ghurair, put quite simply, is mainly in the business of feeding and housing people – meeting vital human needs.
It is based in Beijing and was founded in 1992.
Rolf Sorg is a German-born entrepreneur who is the founder and CEO of PM-International AG.
It is the largest bank of the country.
He was also the chair of the Central 1 board of directors.
Hoist was previously listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange but was de-listed in 2004.
Amscot Financial Inc. is an American financial services company headquartered in Tampa, Florida.
The Oriental Insurance Company Ltd. is a public sector general insurance company of India.
The company has been identified by Microsoft France as one of the promising French startups that uses Microsoft technologies for its software development.
In 2001 the bank was privatised and merged into Stanbic Bank Limited.
Societe Generale Ghana Limited is a bank that is based in Ghana, previously known as Société Générale - Social Security Bank.
NIB Bank has a paid up capital of PKR 103 billion.
There is also another company, within the EURONEXT group, with the same name that is based in Portugal.
The company’s turnover was £2.19 billion in 2011.
The bank was established as a semi-State Bank with participation in capital by State and the public under the control of State Government.
I&M Bank Rwanda Limited, is a commercial bank in Rwanda that is licensed by the National Bank of Rwanda, the national banking regulator.
The financial group has over 1.4 million customer-owners.
It has locations in the Rochester and Twin Cities areas.
BlueShore Financial is a credit union in Canada with over 40,000 clients and $4.9 billion in assets under administration.
Its slogan is "Allah is the purveyor of success."
The Bank was acquired by the National Provincial Bank in 1962 but kept its identity until the latter’s merger with Westminster Bank.
Based in Herndon, Virginia, Calkain Companies has expanded along the east coast, becoming the largest net lease brokerage and advisory firm in Florida.
Enigma Public is a data warehouse website which provides an aggregated collection of public data from international government agencies, organizations, and businesses.
It is the 7th oldest bank in continuous operation in the United Kingdom.
After the demerger Gjensidige has become a self-owning institution.
In addition, FNF owns Digital Insurance, Inc., owns a 51% stake in Remy International, Inc. and a minority interest in Ceridian Corporation.
Clerical Medical is a British life insurance, pensions and investments company founded in 1824, and a subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group.
Riskdata is an international company that provides Buy-side financial institutions with risk management solutions through a local or cloud-based software.
And also, the wholesale business manages corporate banking, operations in financial markets and treasury management.
Sberbank has operations in several European and post-Soviet countries.
The First West brand network also includes Envision Financial, Valley First and Enderby & District Financial.
Goldenwest Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Ogden, Utah, regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration.
The Bank tied up with VISA International for issuance of Debit Cards.
On July 19, 2011, the service was expanded to Seven Bank ATMs, which has about 16,000 locations nationwide with English and Japanese telephone customer support.
Cocks Biddulph was a London bank founded in 1757.
NVR, Inc. is a United States homebuilding and mortgage company.
The acquisition will be done through an offer to all shareholders of RAKNIC.
In April 2017, BlackRock, Aethel Partners and other international asset managers announced injunctions to block the sale to Lone Star.
The Bank is the first co-operative bank to provide Merchant Banking services.
The interval between the first and second harmonics of the harmonic series is an octave.
The bank's fiscal year runs from 1 January to 31 December.
AKD publishes an investment guide research service bulletin, AKD Securities Equity Research.
The bank is sponsored by State Bank of India & is jointly Owned by the Government of India, Government of Odisha and SBI.
Though nationalized in 1981, now Bank Leumi is mainly in private hands, with the government as the largest single shareholder, with 14.8% of the stock.
The bank which is an FDIC member and an equal housing lender operates under a New Jersey charter.
NACHA is a not-for-profit association and represents nearly 11,000 financial institutions via 11 regional payments associations  and direct membership.
The company now offers private education loans and manages more than $12.97 billion in assets.
This bank is jointly owned by Government of India, Government of Puducherry and sponsored by Indian Bank.
It was formed on November 8, 1985, when the Royal Bank of Canada sold its Haiti-based operations to a group of Haitian investors.
Vantiv, Inc. is a public U.S.-based payment processing and technology provider headquartered in the greater Cincinnati, Ohio area.
Bestway includes UK’s second largest wholesaler serving 125,000 independent retailers and caterers from 64 warehouses nationwide.
EN Bank, also known as Eghtesad Novin Bank is a major bank established by the Eghtesad Family offering retail, commercial and investment banking services in Iran.
The online offering for retail banking customers covers overnight and term money, bank savings schemes, bank deposits and selected commercial papers.
Interactive Brokers also services commodity trading advisors, making it the fifth-largest prime broker servicing CTAs.
In the same year, FGB also announced that it had acquired full ownership of Shariah-compliant finance company Aseel Islamic Finance and consumer finance firm Dubai First.
Central 1 Credit Union is a Vancouver, British Columbia–based, member-owned financial institution.
It serves some six hundred accounts in the same manner that it did in the 1950s—without new banking conveniences of recent decades.
Camco offered a wide range of banking services through Advantage Bank.
87 percent of the bank is currently owned by the elite family of Tehran.
In October 2015, First Data sold 160 million shares in the New York Stock Exchange in its IPO, in order to pay down its debt.
Hanmi Bank, which offers both personal and business financial services, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hanmi Financial Corporation, Inc.
BEA retains a 30% stake as BEA focuses business in Hong Kong.
The appointment of John Cryan as joint CEO was announced, effective 1 July 2016; he became sole CEO at the end of Juergen Fitschen's term.
It is oldest Lebanese bank still operating in Lebanon.
Android tablet support is expected in early October.
With more than $7 billion in assets, San Diego County Credit Union is a not-for-profit credit union wholly owned and operated by its members.
In 2010, it managed more than CHF 8 billion, about 25 percent in foreign assets.
The KfW, formerly KfW Bankengruppe, is a German government-owned development bank, based in Frankfurt.
The bank's operating profit for the year ending 2014-15 is Rs.
The new name for the bank was revealed in November 2013, and was rolled out beginning in April 2014.
At the height of its operations, the company maintained offices in Manila, Iloilo City, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tokyo, New York and San Francisco.
Orix offers leasing, lending, rentals, life insurance, real estate financing and development, venture capital, investment and retail banking, commodities funds and securities brokering.
After regulatory and shareholder approval, the banks completed the merger on July 2, 2007.
Ditech Financial LLC is a provider of home loan, loan servicing and refinance products to consumers and institutional partners in the U.S.
Cadence Bank, Linscomb & Williams, and Cadence Insurance are direct or indirect subsidiaries of Cadence Bancorporation.
The company delivers a wind range of commercial and retail financial services such as various loan and deposit products through the operation of the bank.
In June 2012, Vector won the shareholder vote to inject $242 million into Technicolor SA, a company focused on technology and digital media.
Since 2008, KeyBank has been the only major bank based in Cleveland.
Synchrony Financial is a consumer financial services company headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, United States.
iBank operates in accordance with the principles of Islamic Sharia law.
In 1964 he entered the office of president Joaquin Rodriguez Reig.
Credit Union 1 is federally insured by the National Credit Union Administration, up to $250,000 per account.
The Philippine American Life and General Insurance Company is an insurance company based in the Philippines.
TD Auto Finance is a financial-services provider.
RBI's shares are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange.
AKD Capital invests in listed securities and engaged in leasing activities.
This expansion includes cashing checks, paying bills, send or receive Western Union money transfers, purchase discounted money orders and prepaid VISA debit card.
At first, it was a government entity that serviced federal education loans.
Ümit Leblebici is the CEO of the bank.
Defaqto is an independent financial information business, focused on helping financial institutions and consumers make better informed decisions.
In April 2015, Tompkins Financial announced plans to build a new headquarters in downtown Ithaca, adjacent to its current headquarters on the Ithaca Commons.
American Funds is a family of mutual funds from Capital Group that are sold primarily through financial advisors and intermediaries.
It provides banking services to the Stanford community.
Independent Bank of Grand Rapids, Michigan was founded in 1864 as First National Bank of Ionia with an original capital of US$50,000.
License to conduct banking operations with precious metals No.
The bank is headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland and has 1,665 employees.
For more information about UMassFive College Federal Credit Union, please visit our website at www.umassfive.coop.
In 2007, the firm started an initiative to digitally transform the bank.
Promsvyazbank is a privately owned Russian bank from Moscow.
HSBC Sri Lanka is a banking and financial services company in Sri Lanka and a wholly owned subsidiary of HSBC.
In addition to wealth management, the bank also performs brokerage services, bond trading, lease financing, and correspondent banking.
Gulf African Bank, whose full name is Gulf African Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
Marine Credit Union is a member-owned financial cooperative headquartered in La Crosse, Wisconsin, that serves more than 60,000 members across Wisconsin, Iowa and Minnesota.
In 2003, the company had a net worth of P6.6 billion.
Barclays traces its origins to a goldsmith banking business established in the City of London in 1690.
The credit union currently has 22 branch locations within Southeastern Pennsylvania, including Bucks, Chester, Delaware, Montgomery, and Philadelphia Counties.
In 2008 Steven Myers sold the company to Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC and the name was shortened to simply SM&A.
NBE also accounts for 74% of the credit card market and 40% of the debit cards in Egypt.
Bank Saudara was founded in 1906 by ten merchants of Pasar Baru in Bandung, West Java.
The OMNIBUS Inter Bank Shared Switch has currently 6 banks connected for reciprocation of ATM related services.
Launched in September 2002, the Bank became a Shari’a-compliant financial institution with a focus on the UAE’s Islamic banking sector on 1 January 2007.
In the 1960s it added four branches on Oahu.
Cofra Group, was founded in 1841 in Sneek, Netherlands when the first C&A store was opened by brothers Clemens and August Brenninkmeijer.
Sanima Bank commenced its operation in 2004 as a National Level Development Bank.
It has a total business of more than Rs.
Its traditional client base is made up of Japanese corporates, but overseas corporate lending increased 35% in the nine months to December 31, 2011.
On behalf of its creditors Kaupthing, through its subsidiary Kaupskil, took ownership of Arion Bank on 8 January 2010.
Conquest is an independent investment banking and asset management services firm founded in 2010 and owned by its directors.
It also means that their letters can be used as an alternative method of "numbering" ordered items, in such contexts as numbered lists and number placements.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by Bank of Tanzania, the central bank and national banking regulator.
It provides foreign investment markets analysis on CNBC, Bloomberg, and CNBC Arabiya.
Promotional material promises consumers that, through the service: “The future of banking is in your hands”.
Haemonetics Corporation is a global provider of blood and plasma supplies and services.
Mountain America Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in West Jordan, Utah, regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration.
JPMorgan Chase has 250,355 employees and operates in more than 100 countries.
It has representative offices in Guangzhou, Vietnam, and Dubai.
The company was founded in 2014 and has its headquarters in London.
The organisation was founded by Nirmal Jain.
PJSC advises clients on mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, recapitalizations, private placements, and corporate strategy.
Bank Day shares have been floated on the Over-the-Counter market and measures are being taken in order to become listed in the Tehran Stock Exchange.
It has operations in over 40 countries and employs approximately 120,000 people.
New TT Hellenic Postbank was a commercial bank based in Athens, in Greece.
The agency’s mandate also includes promoting competition in the market, thereby facilitating the efficient provision of public services in Norway.
Its goal is to provide long-term financing for sustainable endeavours that contribute to the country's social and economic development.
Wings was chartered in 1938 and is regulated by the National Credit Union Administration.
The Newcastle Building Society is a UK building society that has its head office in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
Based on 2014 data, it is ranked 1860 on Forbes Global 2000 List.
It provides bank card services and a major card scheme in mainland China.
First Commonwealth has long served the Central Pennsylvania region, but began aggressively expanding into the Western part of the state in the early 2000s, particularly Pittsburgh.
NIB Bank has about 3,000 employees and its head office is in the city of Karachi.
The Dunfermline was fully integrated into Nationwide in June 2014.
Member deposits are insured up to $500,000.
It was the first financial institution registered in Galician, and succeeded by and rebranded into Abanca.
This alphabetical list of filename extensions contains standard extensions associated with computer files.
Today, it is New Hampshire's largest independent commercial bank and the top-ranking SBA lender in the state.
AccessBank Liberia, is a microfinance commercial bank in Liberia.
At the same time, this was also a key moment which started a new chapter in further development of Niksic industry and society.
It is the member of Baku Stock Exchange since 15 September 1993.
Total System Services is a United States credit card processor, merchant acquirer and bank credit card issuer.
The company was founded in 1975 by Dirk Scheringa, the sole shareholder.
The Genworth Financial family of companies has three segments: Retirement & Protection, US Mortgage Insurance, and International.
Pacific Western Bank has 79 full-service branches located throughout the state of California and one branch in Durham, North Carolina.
It is best known for the giant sign atop the JumboTron at Wrigley Field;  the "W" in Wintrust flashes after every Cubs win.
With Headquarters in Switzerland, the HBZ Group also operates in Hong Kong, Singapore, United Arab Emirates, Kenya, South Africa, United Kingdom and North America.
Synechron Inc. is a New York-based information technology and consulting company focused on the financial services industry including capital markets, insurance, banking and digital.
The Bank of Baroda Uganda Limited, also known as the Bank of Baroda Uganda, is a commercial bank in Uganda.
On 10 June 2015, HSBC announced that it would be rebranding its UK branches.
The company assumed a quarter of the financial risk, with other companies taking on the rest.
The Society expanded its call centre in 2009 to deal with investments and insurance queries.
Today, Bank Leumi is Israel's largest bank, with overseas offices in Luxembourg, USA, Switzerland, the UK, Mexico, Uruguay, Romania, Jersey, and China.
It serves as a social trading network, trading educator and online brokerage.
HSBC has around 4,000 offices in 70 countries and territories across Africa, Asia, Oceania, Europe, North America and South America, and around 37 million customers.
Neuberger Berman is a private, independent, employee-owned investment management firm.
The company has more than 1400 employees, with headquarters in Chicago, and offices throughout North America, Asia and Europe.
Ithmaar Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ithmaar Holding B.S.C.
In 1997 it demutualised and became Woolwich PLC.
China CITIC Bank is China’s seventh-largest lender in terms of total assets.
Mora Banc Grup, SA participates in deposit guarantee scheme of Andorra.
From there they grew to serve many Chicago suburbs, downstate Illinois and the Quad Cities area.
In 2016, credit cards using the American Express network accounted for 22.9% of the total dollar volume of credit card transactions in the US.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the country's central bank and national banking regulator.
Established in 1888, Astoria Federal, with deposits in New York totaling $10.4 billion, is the largest thrift depository in New York.
The Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd. Nepali: नेपाल बहुउद्देश्यीय सहकारी संस्था लिमिटेड was established in 1994 March 8 by 26 Founder Members.
Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. is an American privately held corporation.
The company corporate headquarters are located in Toronto, Ontario.
Primary product of the company is consumer lending.
The company is primarily a business-to-business wholesale provider of foreign exchange services to U.S. and Canadian financial institutions and Money Services businesses.
Close Brothers employs over 3,000 people, principally in the UK.
Other group companies provide asset management, research and private equity fund services.
Since its inception, Sinitus has remained a joint stock company.
SHCIL is known for its Online Trading Portal with investors and traders.
Comtex enhances and standardizes the content received from such sources in order to provide editorially consistent and technically uniform products to its customers.
The Firm was sold to General Electric in 1986.
The original owner equity of the bank was NOK 2 million, and by 1905 it was NOK 19.5 million.
RBC Capital Markets is part of Royal Bank of Canada.
As of December 2016, the credit union has thirteen branches, in excess of 130,000 members and over $1.2 billion in assets.
It is the most important Uruguayan bank with the largest number of customers.
In April 2007, the firm was acquired by Panmure Gordon, a London-based investment bank.
Colin Paterson retired in 1977, and soon afterward the firm incorporated as Paterson Securities.
The bank is the 12th bank to open in Malawi.
Asia United Bank or is a commercial bank located at Parc Royale Condominium, Doña Julia Vargas Avenue, Ortigas Center, Pasig.
The financial reports of AtaBank are audited by the Deloitte.
Over 1,700 sell-side and buy-side clients use TradingScreen's services.
MCU is metro New York's largest credit union.
OSK Holdings Berhad is a public company listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.
The main area of activity of the bank is giving loans for the industrial sector in Iraq.
In 2002, Ryan Beck, a New Jersey-based investment banking firm, announced the acquisition of the bulk of the operations Gruntal.
JS Bank’s consolidated profits for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, were Rs.410.5 million.
The broker-dealer designation for Morgan Stanley Wealth Management will remain "Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC."
During FY 2013-14, its total business was ₹ 4.55 lakh crore.
The collapsible/folding umbrella, the direct predecessor to the modern umbrella, originated in China.
Its shares were listed on the Cyprus Stock Exchange and the Athens Stock Exchange.
Consumer confidence is a key driver of economic growth and is widely considered a leading economic indicator of household spending on consumption.
Belize Bank is the first, oldest continuing, and largest bank in Belize.
Since 1969 the Government of India has owned the bank.
There are three branches in northern Ontario in Sault Ste.
Established by Edmond Adolphe de Rothschild in 1953, it has been directed since 1999 by his son, Benjamin de Rothschild.
As of 2017, Alaska USA had $6.9 billion in assets and more than 600,000 members.
First Calgary Financial is a member-owned financial institution based out of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Jignesh Shah is founder of the FT Group which went on to democratize and revolutionize commodity exchanges in India, Singapore, Dubai and Africa.
On August 1, 2013, Tompkins Financial announced that Byrnes, who had served as board chairman since the company's creation, would step down in 2014.
It is licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
It wholly owned the Ohio-based Advantage Bank and operated 22 offices in Ohio, Kentucky and West Virginia.
The company’s shares were also listed on the New York Stock Exchange in October 2001.
First Women Bank Limited is a commercial bank located in Karachi, Pakistan chartered to meet the special needs of women.
Topics include credit cards, insurance, debt relief, mortgage loans, student loans and various other consumer lending products.
Incorporated in the country’s capital Kiev, the bank started its business activities in the city and in the Kiev Oblast.
Its corporate headquarters were in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The Export–Import Bank of Thailand) is a state-owned bank headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand.
VEB may now ask the court to assert mismanagement, which may lead to damage claims.
Evercore Wealth Management, LLC is the wealth management division of Evercore, a global independent investment advisory based in New York City.
The Bank currently services approximately 19,00,000 customers and has a total business size of over Rs.
The Hokuriku Bank is a subsidiary of the Hokuhoku Financial Group.
Joanna Lumley, Ian Wright and Nigel Havers are celebrities who have all appeared in Privilege advertising campaigns, featuring the 'You don't have to be posh...' slogan.
The Bank of Holland is a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured banking corporation that was founded and is headquartered in the town of Holland, New York.
Eligibility for membership is extended to anyone who lives, works or worships in the 68 counties of the Lower Peninsula of Michigan.
The customer-facing activities of the business operate independently of the Westpac Group.
Thrive or Justthrive.com, was a free, web-based personal financial management application offering personalized financial advice and specifically targeting people in their 20s and 30s.
In addition, Foundation Financial Group was a major employer in Atlanta and Jacksonville, Florida.
Deutsche Postbank AG is a German retail bank with headquarters in Bonn.
At the end of FY2015, CFC's total loans outstanding were $21.5 billion, and its owners had $4 billion invested in CFC securities.
As of December 2014, Washington Trust Bank has assets in excess of $4.77 billion.
It had a market capitalisation of 1,214 million, as of 21 January 2014.
First American offers its products and services directly and through its agents and partners throughout the United States and in more than 40 countries.
PSECU serves over 400,000 members and has over $5 billion in assets.
In 2004, Banca IFIS received listing admission on the STAR segment of the Borsa Italiana.
The Bank had a chequered history and was the smallest of the five Associate Banks of State Bank Of India.
The solution is mainly targeted towards insurance companies, but is also suitable for the banking, financial, manufacturing, real-estate and public industries.
Atlantic-Pacific Capital is a leading independently owned placement agent.
BMCE Bank International is a full service investment and wholesale bank, headquartered in London with an international network in Europe and Africa.
The bank used the 2008 financial crisis to acquire small troubled banks in the Chicago area, backed by its pre-crisis capital supplemented by TARP funds.
Colin Paterson enlisted in the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II, and his sister Mary ran the firm during the war.
Colonial Bank was frequently the target of rumors that it would be acquired by a larger bank.
Everest Bank Limited is the Commercial Bank of Nepal.
There are currently 27 branch offices with assets of more than $5B.
The Bank of Taiwan is a bank headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan.
The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc is a British banking and insurance holding company, based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Hokkaido Bank is a Japanese bank that is headquartered in Sapporo, Hokkaidō.
Housing Finance Company of Kenya, commonly referred to as Housing Finance, is a mortgage finance provider in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
Banco do Brasil then hold 49.9% of common shares and 50.1% of the preferred, Banco Votorantim continuing control of the Votorantim Group.
It was taken over by the government's TMSF in October 2000, and Eskişehir Bankası T.A.Ş.
Bank Windhoek Limited, commonly referred to as Bank Windhoek, is a commercial bank operating in the Namibian market.
Citibank Berhad operates as a subsidiary of Citigroup Holding Private Limited.
The firm works with entrepreneurs, CEOs, corporate partners, venture firms and high net worth individuals to start and grow high impact ventures.
Bergen Bank, which was based in Bergen, Norway, merged with Den norske Creditbank in 1990 to form Den norske Bank.
was a Belgian financial company active in insurance, banking and investment management.
Carta was the world's first processor to complete integration to MasterCard MOTAPS, enabling rapid deployment for NFC programs.
Coastal Federal Credit Union is a not-for-profit, member-owned financial cooperative located in Raleigh, North Carolina.
On January 13, 2009, the company completed a going-private transaction and delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange.
It was established in 1932 by industrialist Radhyashyam Roy in Narayanganj, Bangladesh.
Alliance & Leicester plc merged into the renamed business in May 2010.
It is the world's largest foreign exchange bureau and is a major donor and sponsor of the Royal National Theatre.
It is licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
It provides commercial lending and leasing, as well as a range of financial services for commercial aviation, energy, and support for GE's industrial business units.
Following the 2000s financial crisis, the bank has grown rapidly.
It is one of four special purpose banks established after the Second Gulf War.
The Bank of Beijing is a bank based in Beijing, People's Republic of China.
In 2004, it announced that it would participate in a $2 billion program to offer residential mortgages to members of ethnic minorities.
The company was publicly held and had its corporate headquarters in Birmingham, Alabama.
It was also ranked 313th in Fortune Global 500 in 2015 - competitor and industry leader Munich Re: 103rd.
Bank Pundi Indonesia, headquartered in Jakarta, is a bank focusing on micro-enterprises and small and medium enterprises.
Amegy Bank of Texas is a US bank operating in Texas that is a subsidiary of Zions Bancorporation.
The other was his amicable competitor for many years, Don the Beachcomber.
It was part of Dexia Group, as the owner of 70% shares.
The Trust Bank of Tasmania was a former state bank operating in Tasmania, Australia.
USBSI is a registered member service provider/ independent sales organization of Elavon, Inc. and of Wells Fargo Bank.
ICE - International Currency Exchange - often known simply as 'ICE' - is a global foreign currency exchange company, based in London.
Before April 14, 2008, it was named Orange County Teachers Federal Credit Union, or OCTFCU.
Today, Northwest has 164 full-service branches in Pennsylvania, New York and Ohio.
Air Academy Federal Credit Union is a credit union in Colorado, United States.
In 1993, the bank opened its first offices there.
Gruppo Bancario Casse Emiliano Romagnole was an Italian holding company and banking group, based in Bologna, Emilia-Romagna.
Prudential has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
Between 1959 and 1989, J.P. Morgan operated as the Morgan Guaranty Trust, following its merger with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York.
It is licensed and supervised by the Bank of South Sudan, the country's central bank and national banking regulator.
Cardinal Bank was a bank headquartered in McLean, Virginia that operated in Northern Virginia.
It is the largest insurance company in India with an estimated asset value of ₹1,560,482 crore.
Till date it has 47 branches scattered throughout the country giving modern banking services of international class from 9:30am to 7pm evening.
Its growing number of investors are drawn from eastern ruling families with vast riches gleaned from the long term growth demand for commodities."
According to GLS Bank, its focus is on cultural, social and ecological initiatives, initiated by people, and not anonymous interests seeking capital or maximum profit.
At the corporate level debt collection is highly profitable and Encore Capital enjoyed soaring revenues from $316 million in 2009 to $773 million in 2013.
In 2016 Caterpillar was ranked #59 on the Fortune 500 list and #194 on the Global Fortune 500 list.
PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia, Tbk, commonly named as Telkom Indonesia or Telkom, is the largest telecommunications services company in Indonesia.
It is licensed by the Bank of South Sudan, the country's central bank and national banking regulator.
Inbursa is a financial company through its subsidiaries, provides banking and related services in Mexico.
At March 31, 2017, the Company had $6.7 billion in assets and delivered its 44th consecutive dividend to shareholders.
Managing director of Egan-Jones Ratings Bill Hassiepen told that the three rating agencies will not merge but will participate in a strategic alliance.
In 2007, the bank and its operations were merged into NIB Bank.
It is the country’s third largest bank by assets.
The credit union continued to flourish with steady increases in assets and membership.
In 2016 and again in 2017, First American was named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list.
First Alliance Bank Zambia Limited, also known as First Alliance Bank, is a commercial bank in Zambia.
The bank iso owned by the joint venture structured by two Fortune Global 500 companies, Koc Holding and UniCredit.
Alaska USA Federal Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Anchorage, Alaska, chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration.
American Funds holds an “A” rating for overall stewardship from Morningstar, with “A” ratings for fees, corporate culture and fund manager incentives.
In 1988, the Bank was conferred with "Scheduled" status by Reserve Bank of India.
The bank has three branches in Palm Beach County.
The business was started in 1887 by Muthoot Ninan Mathai.
In general, total number of personnel employed by the bank is more than 400 persons.
The latest being introduction of fast tag and UPI based payment system.
It operates in over 30 countries, especially in Europe and Asia.
Throughout its subsequent history as a provider of mortgage and savings products, the Society has remained stable and mutually-owned by its investors and borrowers.
Renaissance Capital has offices in Moscow, Lagos, Nairobi, Johannesburg, Dubai, London, New York City, Kiev, Hong Kong, Cairo, Beijing, Donetsk and Istanbul.
Globally, CIBC serves more than eleven million clients, and has over 40,000 employees.
This positioned it to become one of the areas largest retail banks by eliminating costs and deepening its geographical footprint in the area.
In 2009, Matt Simmons retired to become "Emeritus Chairman".
It is one of the leading banks in Taiwan.
Consolidated Bank of Kenya commonly known as Consolidated Bank, is a commercial bank in Nairobi, Kenya, East Africa's largest economy.
JS Group also has investments throughout Pakistan's economy, in the industrial sector, technology and media sectors, commercial real estate, energy and natural resources.
In 2015, Custom House's founder, Peter Gustavson, incorporated a new foreign exchange and global payment company, EncoreFX.
The institution is licensed and governed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the national banking regulator.
Abel Seyler later became famous as a theatre director, and was the father of the noted banker L.E.
The staff strength has since increased to more than 500.
The credit union became defunct in 2008, after a merger with Summit Credit Union.
It owns subsidiaries in banking, insurance, investments, wealth management, mortgages and retail finance.
Its first major expansion into the US market happened in April 2010 when it purchased American Amicable Life Insurance of Texas for $145 million.
Modification of the bank`s name was subject to incorporation between the founder and other partner bank.
ASN focusses on socially responsible and sustainable investments.
The company's logo, adopted in 1958, is a gladiator or centurion whose image appears on the company's traveler's cheques, charge cards and credit cards.
All the bank's branches have been networked with its 6909 ATMs as on 30 September 2015.
Each member has one share and one vote.
PJSC "KredoBank" is the bank with the largest Polish investment in banking institution in Ukraine.
The fact that Halsey, Stuart was a significant Wall Street player led some observers to suspect that they had provoked the government's antitrust suit.
Nikko Citigroup is a member of the Tokyo Stock Exchange, Osaka Stock Exchange, Nagoya Stock Exchange and JASDAQ.
Vector Capital traces its origins to 1997, when the team, led by Alex Slusky, completed a spinoff from Ziff Brothers Investments.
Other than Nationwide Building Society, Cumberland is the only other society to offer a full current account service with ATMs, Visa cards and Internet Banking.
The Asset Management business comprises outsourced CIO, institutional asset management and private equity investing.
First International Bank & Trust has 22 locations in North Dakota, Minnesota, and Arizona.
Sparebanken Sør is a savings bank based in Kristiansand, Norway.
Tompkins Financial also declined to participate in the federal government's bank bailout in 2008.
Bank Saderat has over 200 related Investment Companies and their performance is supervised by GHADIR.
On December 2010, ArmSwissBank was the sole underwritter for Artsakh HEK second IPO which fully raised USD 4.3 million in the Armenian Stock Exchange.
The group operates under several entities, which include CIMB Investment Bank, CIMB Bank, CIMB Islamic, CIMB Niaga, CIMB Securities International and CIMB Thai.
ATEbank held a strong position at Athens Stock Exchange and has become a member of Piraeus Bank in the year 2013.
Prior to its voluntary administration on 18 May 2015, it claimed to be the largest independent stockbroker in Australia and New Zealand by market share.
Located in Pennsylvania, Harbortouch currently handles the merchant accounts for over 150,000 merchant locations and processing in excess of $13 billion annually.
Munich Re is included in the DAX index at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Euro Stoxx 50, and other indices.
The main tool for the bank is mortgages in newly constructed houses.
It was one of the five associate banks of State Bank of India.
It is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
It was founded in 1991 and it is the smallest of the state-owned banks with four branches.
The company is based in Modena and is a constituent of the FTSE MIB index.
This scheme covers accounts up to 100 000 EUR per bank per depositor.
In 2002 Norwegian savings banks were allowed to become public limited company and was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
United Capital was founded by CEO Joe Duran.
The Admiral Group floated on the London Stock Exchange in September 2004; it is currently the only FTSE 100 listed company headquartered in Wales.
1 M&A Advisor for all U.S. transactions, the No.
New Proton Bank was a commercial bank based in Athens, Greece.
Presently, the bank has a network of 2,440 fully automated CBS branches, 3,040 ATMs, and 4,724 branchless banking units across the country.
TIM Group is a privately owned technology company, developing and operating web-based solutions for the financial services industry, based in The City of London.
Sun Life ranks number 277 on the Forbes Global 2000 list for 2016 as well as on the Fortune 500 list.
The bank has specialized in personal banking and wealth management.
The Trade and Development Bank of Mongolia is a commercial bank located in Ulaanbaatar.
Prometey Bank is a multi-profile financial institution with no specific financial service concentration.
Sovran Bank was a US-based regional bank that operated in Virginia between 1983 and 1990, and was the leading subsidiary of Sovran Financial Corporation.
In addition to asset management, the company has an indexes and private equity portion of the business.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
Headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, it owns and oversees the operation of Sony Life Insurance, AEGON Sony Life Insurance, SA Reinsurance Ltd., Sony Life Singapore Pte.
MLP AG is a German corporation providing financial services, especially personal financial planning advisory.
94 on Fortune 2015 Global 500 Company list.
The bank was based in Dover, Delaware, with branches in New Castle and Georgetown, Delaware.
Its first customers were major telecom companies such as Rostelecom.
In the first nine months of 2011 it had lost €1.7bn and the bad loans ratio has reached 20.8 per cent.
Juniper’s principals have focused exclusively on the hospital industry for over 20 years.
Banca Transilvania is the first bank from Romania which opens a branch in Rome.
As World War II escalated, the credit union experienced little growth, since buying war bonds became predominant.
Government makes believe by the continuous pressure from Bangladeshi Sylheti diaspora around the world.
It is a division of First Rand Limited, a large financial services conglomerate, which trades on the Johannesburg Securities Exchange, under the symbol: FSR.
Options Clearing Corporation is a United States clearing house based in Chicago.
It was a wholly owned subsidiary of Harbinger Group prior to a partial initial public offering in 2013.
Among its current advisory assignments, PJSC is representing CBS Outdoor, American Apparel, Overseas Shipholding Group, RadioShack and Energy Future Holdings/TXU.
POLi Payments Pty Ltd is an online payments company based in Melbourne, Australia.
Prime Bank Limited, commonly known as Prime Bank, was a private commercial bank in the Gambia.
Renaissance Capital also maintains offices in Nicosia.
It is considered one of the most elite and prestigious firms on Wall Street.
Cassa di Risparmio di Pistoia e della Lucchesia is an Italian regional bank based in Pistoia, Tuscany.
As of 2015 year-end, United Heritage Credit Union had $895 million in assets and over 58,708 members.
It is also the founder and 100% stake owner of Komercijalna banka Budva operating in Montenegro for more than 20 years.
Green Dot Corporation is an issuer of prepaid MasterCard and Visa cards in the United States.
The Bank Referral Scheme was launched on 1 November 2016, at which point Funding Options became a designated finance platform.
Landolt & Cie, banquiers is a Swiss private bank specializing in asset management for wealthy private customers, headquartered in Lausanne and founded in 1780 in Neuchâtel.
The financial group of Poštová banka includes Poisťovňa Poštovej banky and Prvá penzijná správcovská spoločnosť.
Established in February 2002, the organization is owned by the Central Bank of Sri Lanka and all CBSL-licensed commercial banks in the country.
The bank's name refers to Johann Berenberg and his son-in-law Johann Hinrich Gossler, and has remained unchanged since 1791.
The bank offers commercial, transactional and electronic banking products and services.
The bank owns the original Buffalo Savings Bank building in downtown Buffalo.
CU1 serves 87,000 members throughout Illinois and Indiana, and roughly 15,000 members in Nevada.
Its network of more than 8,340 points of contact serves its more than 6 million clients.
NCB Group is an investment bank based in Dublin, Ireland.
Ghadir Investment Company was established in 1991 in Iran.
In 2010, Thomas Weisel announced its acquisition by Stifel Financial.
The company is located in City of Industry, California, United States, and served over 50,000 merchant accounts throughout the United States.
It introduced a number of initiatives in FY16 like reloadable cards, kisan credit cards, automatic passbook kiosk, e-book, etc.
OCBC was founded by Lee Kong Chian in 1932, and his son Lee Seng Wee also served as chairman.
In 1931, the merger of Brown Brothers & Co. and Harriman Brothers & Co. formed the current BBH.
The Dalian Commodity Exchange is a Chinese futures exchange based in Dalian, Liaoning province, China.
President’s Choice Financial is a banking service provided by Loblaw Companies.
The Company is one of the first signatories to the UN’s Global Compact in Sri Lanka.
In Nepal PNB owns 20% of Everest Bank Limited, which has 50 branches.
The company was founded in Braintree, Massachusetts by Dr. Jack Latham in the 1970s.
SBI Holdings has been listed in Hong Kong in form of Hong Kong Depositary Receipt with stock code 6488 since April 2011.
Assumption Life is a financial services company based in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.
Until 11 April 2005 the name of the bank was Eesti Ühispank.
The company controls and operates financial services companies in Pakistan.
In that respect, it is one of the few commercial banks in Botswana, in which nationals of Botswana own a stake.
In the UK, Aviva is the largest general insurer and a leading life and pensions provider.
Subsequently, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation was named Receiver.
Sprott Molybdenum Participation Corporation was a dedicaded commodity hedge fund created in April 2007 by prominent Canadian investor Eric Sprott to invest in molybdenum assets.
From 2015 Statens innkrevingssentral was included in The Norwegian Tax Administration.
Shearson was acquired in by Hayden Stone & Co. to form Shearson Hayden Stone in 1974.
The company refinances graduate and undergraduate student loans for graduates of over 2,000 universities, saving the average borrower over $14,000 over the life of the loan.
It is now part of Hong Leong Bank Group.
IBMSECU’s headquarters are located in Delray Beach, Florida.
In 2003 Banco Atlántico became part of the Banco Sabadell Group.
LPL Financial has main offices in Boston, Fort Mill, and San Diego.
It is one of the 18 commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Zambia, the national banking regulator.
The Bank received the Scheduled Commercial Bank licence from the Reserve Bank of India on 31 May 1995.
It is the only remaining independent commercial bank that had not merged into DnB NOR, Nordea, Fokus Bank or a sparebank.
It was ranked 69th in 2016 BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands.
Lotte Co., Ltd. is a South Korean conglomerate with headquarters in South Korea and Japan.
Subsequent changes to its governing laws has led to the creation of subsidiaries and the expansion of its branch network.
Security Bank is a U.S. financial services institution headquartered in New Auburn, Wisconsin.
Sparebanken Hedmark is a Norwegian savings bank based in the county of Hedmark, the company head office is in Hamar.
Islami Bank Bangladesh Ltd. is the pioneer of Islamic banking in Bangladesh.
As of 2011, it owned and operated three traditional branches and one loan production office.
The bank had originally been founded in 1998 and by 2007 held a 3.1 per cent market share in East Tennessee.
Since its inception, Bengur Bryan has completed over 100 financing and M&A transactions totaling over $3 billion.
BC Card is South Korea's biggest payment processing company and local brand network headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.
The company is headquartered in Abu Dhabi, UAE, and operates through 800 offices across 31 countries.
At about the same time that the plea agreement was announced, Wegelin & Co. declared that it would close.
It had 1000 branches and over 9 million customers in 2006.
The company is a subsidiary of the Canadian multinational Toronto-Dominion Bank based in Toronto, Ontario.
PT Bank Maybank Indonesia is the eighth largest Indonesian bank by assets as of September 2010.
Many policyholders lost half their life savings, and the company came close to collapse.
It is incorporated as a joint venture between the State Bank of India, India's largest bank, and GE Capital.
Funding Options Limited, trading as Funding Options, is an online marketplace for SME finance based in the United Kingdom.
China UnionPay, also known as UnionPay or by its abbreviation, CUP, is a Chinese financial services corporation headquartered in Shanghai, China.
Besides, it has also been executing Small Farmer Development Program, the major poverty alleviation program launched in the country.
It is the parent company of Leasing Sammarinese, Banca Impresa di San Marino, BSM Immobiliare, San Marino Business, Easy Business SpA and Easy Holding SpA.
The group was to sell the unit to another bank as an asset transfer.
Mofid was one of the top 4 performers among Tehran Stock Exchange firms between 2010 and 2013.
Its head office is situated at Linz, Austria.
St.George Bank is an Australian bank with its headquarters in Sydney.
It is licensed by the Bank of Uganda, the central bank and national banking regulator.
The Deutsche Börse Group acquired a minority stake in ID’S in November 2010.
Eagle Investment Systems is an American global provider of financial services technology and a subsidiary of BNY Mellon.
AIG Property Casualty provides insurance products for commercial, institutional, and individual customers.
It has retail banking subsidiaries in Malaysia, Indonesia, Hong Kong, and China, and branches in China, Hong Kong, Japan, Australia, the UK and US.
Busey Wealth Management is a wholly owned subsidiary of First Busey Corporation.
The International Finance Investment and Commerce Bank Limited is a private commercial bank in Bangladesh.
Bengur Bryan's principal focus is on middle-market companies that typically have enterprise values that range between $10 and $100 million.
in January 2013, the Fitch Ratings classified Banco Nacional de Costa Rica as an 'AA +' class bank.
In 1936, the Ynchausti family completed the divestment of most of their corporate holdings with the intention of adopting a less visible business profile.
UAE Exchange has more than 9,000 employees in over 40 countries.
PNB Housing Finance Limited is a 28 years old public sector housing finance company, headquartered in New Delhi with branches in major cities across India.
After Peninsular became part of GTE, the credit union was renamed GTE Federal Credit Union in 1958.
The bank’s headquarters is located in Kiev, Ukraine.
The owning company is the cooperative Landkreditt BA while the banking itself is performed by Landkreditt Bank AS.
In 2017 UMassFive was voted Best Credit Union in the Pioneer Valley for the eleventh year in a row.
Community West Bancshares is a registered bank holding company headquartered in California.
Gulf Bank was listed on the Kuwait Stock Exchange in 1984.
Diamond Trust Bank Group is a major banking group in East Africa, active in Burundi, Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda.
The merged company retained the Standard Federal name, but dropped Standard's federal savings bank charter in favor of Standard's national bank charter.
Ominvest's key subsidiaries are Oman Arab Bank and National Life & General Insurance Company, which contribute significantly to the company's earnings.
The following year, on April 24, another association filed articles of incorporation under the name of American Building and Loan Company.
In structure it is a mutual company.
Government of India holds 81.61% of the total shares.
To support the regional development in Montenegro, in 1961 Communal Bank for Niksic, Savnik and Pluzine was formed.
FPSB India works closely with nearly all aspects of the Indian economy.
The company's business ranges from the traditional High Street roles of retail banking, commercial banking, corporate banking to investment banking, private banking and global banking.
Actively encouraging UAE Nationals to participate in the nation's development through a policy of Emiratisation.
In spring, a single oak tree produces both male flowers and small female flowers.
It operate's through a network of 13 Project Offices and 5 Zonal Offices, headquartered in New Delhi.
The ICT Group, also spelt IST Group, is an investment venture based in Russia.
Davy is also responsible for circa 70 per cent of funds raised on the Irish Stock Exchange.
With more than $10 billion in assets, Gulf Business listed CBD as the 35th largest bank in the Persian Gulf region.
Founded in 1984; head office is located at Nine Brindleyplace, Birmingham.
It is one of the largest investors in emerging market equities.
United Bank of India now aims to expand its international activities.
In December 2015, it was announced that PICC P&C will acquire Deutsche Bank's entire stake in the bank for RMB23-25.7 billion.
Through its multi-channel distribution network with 674 branches, 30 investment centers and branches, the bank specializes in home loans through a network of outside companies.
The Shearson name was discontinued in 1994.
As of August, 2015, TCF Bank had nearly 380 branches in Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan, Colorado, Wisconsin, Arizona and South Dakota.
The Dr. Peters Group, registered in Dortmund, conceives, places and manages tangible assets since 1975 in the legal form of a limited partnership.
In 2013, the company's Russian business accounted for 74 percent of its pretax profit.
The state owns 99.97% of the shares in Rodovid Bank, which is a public joint-stock bank, as a result of the recapitalization.
At that time, it was the smallest UK building society with only £5 million in assets, growing to just £12 million by 2000.
By 1934, it was the largest deposit bank in the world.
Crestview focuses on companies in four sectors: financial services, media/cable, healthcare and energy.
The European Multilateral Clearing Facility is a clearing house based in the Netherlands for equity trades done on stock exchanges or multilateral trading facility throughout Europe.
They recently transferred to the recently finished Joy-Nostalg Center at 17 ADB Avenue corner Topaz Street, still in Ortigas.
The social-democratic New Democratic Party of New Brunswick is the only other major party, but is not currently represented in the legislature.
Hearst’s previous equity interest was 50% following expansions on an original acquisition in 2006.
It is also the 12th largest credit union nationally by membership and the 24th largest by total assets.
From November 2008 until December 2012, Rabobank was the principal sponsor of BikeNZ.
It is authorised as a brand of The Royal Bank of Scotland by the Prudential Regulation Authority.
The First International Bank of Israel is the fifth largest bank in Israel.
Cassa di Risparmi di Livorno is a former Italian regional bank and charity organization, based in Livorno, Tuscany.
Troika Dialog's core lines of business are securities sales and trading, investment banking, private wealth and asset management, retail distribution and alternative investments.
The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission of the US government concluded AIG failed primarily because it sold massive amounts of insurance without hedging its investment.
The product coverage is global, and is multi-asset class, including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.
Caixa Geral de Depósitos is a Portuguese state-owned banking corporation, and the second largest bank in Portugal.
All of the company's efforts are focused on investments in St. Petersburg and the Leningrad region.
The Hanmi Bank is an American community bank that focuses on the Korean-American community.
Dealogic is a financial markets platform offering integrated content, analytics, and technology via a single solution to financial firms worldwide.
The Morioka branch building, the site of the old Morioka Bank, is a historic landmark in the prefecture.
The two largest owners of DNB are the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry and Sparebankstiftelsen DnB NOR.
Azerigasbank, sometimes spelled as Azerigazbank or AGBank is a private commercial bank established in 1992 in Baku, Azerbaijan.
The company’s capital initially set at IRR1 Trillion was raised to IRR2 Trillion when license was granted.
In April 2007, Kootenay Savings' Annual Report parodied Wikipedia and other online communities such as Flickr and MySpace to show how community-run organizations succeed.
TDBFG's Waterhouse and Ameritrade holdings, along with TD Mutual Funds, are now organized under a division known as TD Wealth.
The name of the subsidiary is Hinduja Bank Middle East Ltd.
The company is a subsidiary of the Admiral Group.
It lets consumers find and compare various financial and consumer products like credit cards, mortgages, fixed deposit, broadband, and insurance policies.
It provides institutional investors access to liquidity for Canadian Government Bonds and money market instruments.
The bank was ranked fourth by total assets, according to Ricerche e Studi using 2015 data.
Although initially reported as a bank exclusively for women, the bank allows deposits to flow from everyone, but lending will be predominantly for women.
Citigroup has 230,000 employees, although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.
Turquoise manages around 90% of all foreign portfolio investment in Iran's capital market.
Data Explorers is a privately owned financial data and software company headquartered in London, UK with offices in New York, US, Edinburgh and Hong Kong.
It also has offices in Swansea, Newport, Halifax and India.
Its status is that of a public agency.
Merrill Edge is an online discount brokerage service provided by Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Cooperative Bank of Kenya is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
It was absorbed into the parent company Banca Popolare di Milano in 2012.
It is the third largest depository institution in the country, as well as the second largest mortgage lender, and the largest credit card issuer.
The NCUA was unable to obtain a buyer for the services and began winding down its operations.
Ecclesiastical Insurance is an insurance company in the United Kingdom founded in 1887.
Commercial Bank of Dubai is a UAE banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Deira, Dubai.
Insuringindia.com was the first site to focus on detailed features of insurance products rather than just listing prices.
John Sr., fondly known as “the Gov,” held public office for more than 35 years.
It opened in December 1948 when 20 people came together to provide financial services to their community of fellow workers.
Like many other merchant bankers, the Berenbergs were originally cloth merchants.
As of the end of March 2015, there were 1,775 companies listed on HKEx's securities market.
Belgian Investment Company for Developing Countries, is a private company, based in Brussels, Belgium.
Umbrella canopies may be made of fabric or flexible plastic.
ONE Bank Limited [ ওয়ান ব্যাংক লিমিটেড ] is a private sector commercial bank in Bangladesh.
Founded on January 8, 1996 as Beijing City Commercial Bank, it adopted its present name in January 2005.
In the year 2008, the Bank launched a Branding Initiative .
The group is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
Finance Wales makes commercial investments in small and medium-sized businesses throughout Wales, enabling them to realise their potential for innovation and growth.
It is listed through its holding company, Crédit Agricole S.A., on Euronext Paris’ first market and is part of the CAC 40 stock market index.
The Desjardins Group is the largest association of credit unions in North America.
WalletHub is a personal finance website that launched in early August 2013.
Among the top management are Mr. Ejaz Qadeer Gill, Senior General Manager and Mr. Sushiel Joshi, General Manager.
It is a state-owned corporation based in New Delhi, India.
The Idaho Central Credit Union, is a state chartered credit union headquartered in Chubbuck, Idaho.
As of August 2013 it is majority owned by the Nova KBM d.d.
In 2000, it acquired the Bank of Castile in Western New York and Mahopac National Bank in the Hudson Valley.
EFD provided financial service companies and other large enterprises with new account decisions, fraud detection and payment processing services.
It also provides more than 100 surcharge-free ATMs in Wisconsin.
Florida Community Bank, also known as FCB, is a U.S. bank that operates in the U.S. state of Florida.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary and the investment banking arm of State Bank of India.
The bank is listed in the Tokyo Stock Exchange and has a market capitalization of 474 billion Japanese Yen as of 10 November 2015.
The Bank offers a range of financial products and services, including saving accounts, credit cards, investment services, insurance and loans, among others.
It has presence in sectors ranging from Real Estate, Infrastructure, Housing Finance and Securities.
Posti Ltd has a universal service obligation that entails weekday deliveries of letters in all of Finland’s municipalities.
City Union Bank is an Indian bank.
The company's major business segments include aerial work platforms, construction, cranes, material handling & port solutions  and materials processing.
TradingScreen's system is broker-neutral, and is designed to handle multiple asset classes and changes in market structure.
The company serves 385 thousand client brokerage accounts, with US$86 billion in customer equity.
Customers include Gloucester Cathedral and St Paul's Cathedral.
The bank's fiscal year runs from 1 January to 31 December.
Amicus is now a division of CIBC Retail Markets and is no longer a separate legal entity.
Sanima has 46 full-fledged branches within and outside the Kathmandu Valley and has further plans to expand its reach in the various part of the country.
It is one of the financial institutions licensed by the Bank of Uganda, the central bank and national banking regulator.
Clients of Simmons & Co have included energy companies such as FMC Technologies and Hunting PLC, as well as many other energy companies.
Until 2008 ČSOB also operated in Slovakia, but in 2008 a new company Československá obchodná banka, a.s. was created under direct control of KBC Bank.
This announcement, made around two weeks after EverBank stated it was in talks to be acquired, will see stockholders receive $19.50 per share in cash.
Robert Grien joined TM Capital in 2009 to lead the Firm's Finance and Restructuring Advisory Group.
Over the years, the Bank prudently managed to remain one of the most stable in the banking industry.
In 2005, Standard Federal was the largest bank in Michigan based on number of retail branches, ATMs and deposits; it ranked second in assets.
Founded by Rivi Varghese, Aditya lal, Balaji Suryanarayana, and Sandhya V in 2006.
Live Oak specializes in originating SBA loans for new and expanding businesses.
The Group consisting of banks and other financial services companies in Cote d'Ivoire, Benin, Niger, Burkina Faso, Mali, Togo, Senegal and Cameroon.
The bank provide services in corporate finance, asset management, equity brokerage and security.
R. W. Beck, Inc. was a design engineering company focused primarily on public and private infrastructure organizations.
It became part of the national Paym mobile payments service later that year.
IPDC Finance Limited is a private sector financial institution of the country.
As at 11 March 2009, BCHB was the sixth largest company on Bursa Malaysia with a market capitalization of RM21.7 billion.
The bank provides banking services to individuals and to small and medium business enterprises.
Concentra is a Canadian wholesale bank and trust company, providing financial and trust solutions to over 300 Canadian credit unions.
The State of Finland is the sole shareholder of the company.
Currently, Spell Capital is investing from Spell Capital Partners Fund V and Spell Capital Mezzanine Partners.
The bank has circa 20,000 employees, 14 million active customers, with almost 1,010 branches and 50 corporate business centres.
Founded in 1803, Carnegie is headquartered in Stockholm with offices across the Nordic region, as well as in London, New York City, Helsinki, Luxembourg and Geneva.
Commonwealth's field of membership extends to anyone residing or working in their 24-county service region.
It has been part of Dutch private bank Van Lanschot since 2007.
The company has revenues of $29.6 billion and assets under management of $675 billion.
On March 20, 2009, NCUA placed WesCorp into conservatorship.
TraderMade also have trained technical analysts who provide high frequency intraday market commentary and real-time news services to subscribers.
It was established in 1980 by Salim Khaireddine, Maroun Kissirwani, and Omar Jundi.
It is administered and owned by the Executive Yuan of Taiwan.
It is licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank, and national banking regulator.
Robert J. Mylod became chairman and CEO of Michigan National in 1985, succeeding Edwin B. Jones.
GHADIR also invests in private equity and venture capital in the Iranian petrochemical sector.
Natixis is equally controlled by the two groups.
The founders of the bank were John Markopoulos, Anthony Athanasoglou and Elias Lianos.
Its corporate headquarters is located in Ottawa and has 17 regional offices across Canada and permanent representations in 12 foreign markets.
1.37 trillion as of end March 2016 and its Net Profit stood at Rs.
It was founded in 2002 as Banca de Microfinantare MIRO and was renamed in December 2004.
Both funds are focused exclusively on the financial services sector.
The bank has 57 branches throughout Hawai'i, three in Guam and two in Saipan.
It claims to be a pioneer in ethical banking.
Moneytree also offers prepaid debit cards, money orders, bill payment, Western Union transfers, online payday loans, auto equity or title loans.
Invest Next Door is an online marketplace that enables accredited investors to provide loan financing directly to small and medium-sized enterprises in the United States.
It has 198 offices in 37 countries; 301 correspondents in 72 countries.
Like all clearing houses, the OCC acts as guarantor between clearing parties ensuring that the obligations of the contracts they clear are fulfilled.
The former owner of the bank, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Ascoli Piceno, still operated as a charity organization.
DBS Banks is a multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Marina Bay, Singapore.
On December 28 2016, Unibank acquired Scotiabank's Haiti operations.
The firm's early-stage investments have included Staples, LinkedIn, Kiva Systems, and Shopping.com.
Affinity Credit Union employs 965 people and is 100% owned by more than 140,000 members.
It operates more than 600 branches across the country and offers retail banking services to individuals and organisations.
It has largest network of branches by any public sector bank in the state of Maharashtra.
The fund was listed on Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker MLY.
City National Bank is a regional bank headquartered in Newark, New Jersey with four branches in the New York metropolitan area.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
We continue to partner with other groups with which we have a common bond, and now have over 40 different sponsor organizations that we serve.
It is now merged to DBS Bank.
is a resourcing/placement company based in Dublin, Ireland and active on several markets in Europe but still mainly focused on the home-market Ireland.
It offers private banking and corporate finance services to high-net-worth private customers, medium-sized businesses and institutional investors.
It got its name from the city in which it was founded, and which was then writing new and different pages in its history.
The group offers technology IP to create and trade on financial markets, across asset classes including equities, commodities, currencies and bonds among others.
DBRS is the fourth largest ratings agency in the world, with about a 2.5% global market share.
The merger will also make Clariden Leu Holding AG part of Credit Suisse Group AG.
The bank's headquarters are located in Port Louis, Mauritius.
The Wood Gundy name was used extensively by the bank's investment banking business, which was known as CIBC Wood Gundy until 1997.
Its flagship company, Daegu Bank, is one of the largest regional banks in the country, mostly serving customers in the Daegu-Gyeongbuk region.
As of November 2013, a total of 40,000 artworks had been committed to APT by 2,000 artists.
In 1994, BMO Bank of Montreal also acquired Burns Fry, a dealer of Canadian equities and debt securities.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is considered to be a universal bank and a custodian bank.
The company also operates regional headquarters in Des Moines, IA; San Antonio, TX; Gainesville, FL; Raleigh, NC; and Westerville, OH.
The company was founded in 1993 by W. Allan Jones in Cleveland, Tennessee, where the headquarters are located today.
It is also responsible for e-stamping system around India.It is also authorised by Reserve Bank of India as Agency Bank to distribute and receive Govt.
Previously, Maybank Indonesia was PT Bank Internasional Indonesia.
Its headquarters are located in São Paulo, Brazil.
As of June 30, 2017, Busey Wealth Management’s assets under care were approximately $5.6 billion.
CIMB Niaga, which is majority-owned by CIMB Group, is the largest payment bank in terms of transaction value under the Indonesian Central Securities Depository.
Genworth sold its stake, and the Altegris group was acquired in 2013 by private equity firms Aquiline Capital Partners LLC and Genstar Capital Management.
As of the end of 2004 SEB Eesti Ühispank had 629,000 customers, from which 580,000 were private individuals and 49,000 legal persons.
The company is owned by the Dutch foundation Nuts OHRA and publicly traded.
At 31 December 2009, the Society's total assets were over £182m with over 8,000 savers accounts and 1,100 mortgage customers.
Apple Bank for Savings provides consumer and small business banking services to the greater New York City area.
In late 2006, VDM acquired the assets of London-based prop trading firm Hills Independent Traders Ltd.
In August 2014 Novo Banco launched its first communication campaign, to mark the beginning of the change in the image of the bank.
is a Spanish bank based in Madrid.
DIFC is one of Dubai's independent free-zones; it offers companies 100% ownership without the need for a local partner.
People's United also offers a People's United Bank credit card through Citizens Financial Group.
The company was founded in 1980 by Rodger O. Riney, its CEO.
CEFC China Energy is a private Chinese conglomerate.
The APS Bank, successor of the Unione Cattolica San Giuseppe, is a Maltese bank established in 1910 by a Jesuit, Fr.
Originally formed as part of the larger Cantor Fitzgerald organization, BGC Partners became its own entity in 2004.
SchoolsFirst Federal Credit Union is a federally chartered Credit Union that serves the educational community in Southern California.
PC Financial accounts are all located under one transit/branch number.
Prudential Financial retained the commodities and financial derivatives businesses, keeping them separate from the joint venture.
The bank is the highest profit earning bank for the FY 2014/15.
According to a research by Ricerche e Studi, the bank was ranked 16th by total assets, using 2015 data.
The bank's trust department administers the Moody Foundation and the Libbie Shearn Moody Trust, which together own the majority of ANICO's shares.
FIQ provided consulting services in stock exchange, forex, gold and commodity markets and offered learning courses in financial analysis.
IronFX is a financial services company providing retail foreign exchange services.
In 2013 the Delta Bank provided services to 4.6 million customers in Ukraine.
CrossHarbor Capital Partners develops and manages private equity investment products in three principal business areas: real assets, distressed securities and mezzanine capital.
As of February 2016, the bank provides services to more than 100,000 corporate and over 2 million private customers.
MMI Holdings Limited, commonly referred to as MMI Holdings, is a South African based financial services group that is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
The Beverley Building Society was founded in 1866 and is based in the East Riding of Yorkshire town of Beverley.
The combined entity will employ a team of 240 investment banking professionals across 14 offices in 13 countries.
SECU member deposits are insured by National Credit Union Administration of the U.S. federal government.
baloisedirect.ch, part of the Bâloise Group, is an insurance provider that specialises in selling insurance directly to consumers online.
Deployment of the first PA DSS compliant processing system in the country
Today, Ullico is one of the largest insurers, risk solutions and investment managers focused on the union marketplace in the United States.
Police Bank is a member of The Customer Owned Banking Association, the industry body representing the Australian mutual and cooperative banking sector.
Nippon Life Insurance Company, also known as Nissay or Nihon Seimei is the largest Japanese life insurance company by revenue.
This came about as a part of the 1997 Asian financial crisis, which affected the operations of virtually all banks and financial firms in South Korea.
It is one of two building societies based in Leicestershire.
It was founded in 1900 in Lévis, Québec by Alphonse Desjardins.
Bradesco's stock is traded on BM&F Bovespa, where it is part of the Índice Bovespa.
The Banker magazine included Mercantil Servicios Financieros among the Top 1,000 world´s financial institutions, according to the list published in July 2015.
D. L. Evans Bank was founded on September 15, 1904, in Albion, Idaho by David Lloyd Evans and a pioneering group of southern Idaho businessmen.
The bank has 4730 branches, 5319 ATM's and 4 extension counters across 27 Indian states and three Union Territories.
Corporate Name - Commercial Bank "Viking" Closed Joint Stock Company.
Its head office was in Zurich, and it had two branches in Geneva, as well as representative offices in Hong Kong and Istanbul.
Shinhan Bank started as a small enterprise with a capital stock of KRW 25.0 billion, 279 employees, and three branches on July 7, 1982.
The government nationalized the bank in 1969.
In February 2014, Police Mutual acquired Forces Financial for an undisclosed fee.
This was the first building society to launch in the United Kingdom since the Ecology Building Society opened in 1981.
Urban Science is a worldwide company headquartered in the Renaissance Center, Detroit, Michigan.
Czech ČSOB holds a 47% minority stake in Slovak ČSOB.
It also has support operations in the Philippines and India.
It also belongs to the CO-OP Network of ATMs and Credit Union Service Centers.
Investment Technology Group, Inc. is a United States-based multinational agency brokerage and financial markets technology firm aimed at a hedge fund and asset management clientele.
Their trademarked "Not So Hard Money" real estate mortgage loans are available in Arizona, Texas, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah.
The Dubai-based Mashreqbank psc is the oldest privately owned bank in the United Arab Emirates.
IndusInd Bank Limited is a Mumbai based Indian new generation bank, established in 1994.
On April 1, 2013, Genworth announced the completion of a legal entity reorganization, with the result being the creation of a new ultimate holding company.
Vozrozhdenie Bank is a Russian bank founded in 1991 and headquartered in Moscow.
Jamuna Bank Ltd is a 3rd generation private commercial bank, was established by a group of local entrepreneurs.
In 1888, the state government held stock worth $360,950, a majority of the outstanding shares, and received annual dividends of $21,669.
As of December 31, 2012, Camco had $764.259 million in total assets, $59.727 million in total stockholders' equity and $627.224 million in deposits.
Permanent TSB Group Holdings plc, formerly Irish Life and Permanent plc is a provider of personal financial services in Ireland.
The group acquired high-end pawnbrokers Suttons & Robertsons in 2010.
The firm was founded in London in 1999 and today has offices in San Francisco, Stockholm, Berlin, Manchester and Paris.
The Bank is listed on the Frankfurt Exchange with majority ownership from DZ BANK.
Vest Investment Securities, Inc.", the company now operates under the name "H.D.
Extended, the idea leads to questions about the state of global society in the age of globalization.
Banif Financial Group was a state-owned Portuguese international financial services group associated with the Banco Internacional do Funchal.
LPL Financial does not develop its own investment products, enabling the firm’s investment professionals to offer financial advice free from broker/dealer-inspired conflicts of interest.
dbFX was Deutsche Bank’s online margin forex trading platform for individuals that operated between May 2006 and May 2011.
As of December 2014, Zencap had facilitated 5 million Euro in loans to small and medium sized firms.
Conexus Credit Union is Saskatchewan's largest and Canada's sixth largest credit union.
On January 2, 1958, deposits made to the bank were first insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
Bitwage is a bitcoin payroll and international wage payment service allowing users to be paid or pay wages.
Now the bank is an Associate Bank under State Bank Group and the State Bank of India holds 92.33% of shares.
Commonwealth Bank is also the largest bank in the Southern Hemisphere.
In addition to its headquarters, Safeway maintains field offices in most of the states it conducts business in.
It is licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the country's central bank and national banking regulator.
The society currently provides financial services both directly and through a 143-strong branch network and 99 associated agencies across the UK.
In terms of deposit, the bank has collected Rs more than Rs 130 Billion(F/Y 2015/16) which is the highest deposit of any commercial bank in Nepal.
The organization has 11 branches throughout the interior of British Columbia, mostly around the major centres of Trail, Castlegar and Invermere.
In November 1996, Triangle Federal Credit Union applied for a state charter.
is a French multinational company, specialized in security and identity solutions.
Van der Moolen's dealings are being investigated by the Dutch market regulator AFM.
These include Koriyama, Sapporo, Morioka, Sendai, and Tokyo.
In 2002 the bank was absorbed into the parent company.
To make the year remarkable, the bank achieved a total business of Rs 1000 billion and earned a net profit of Rs 10 billion.
Its former CEO, Robert Greifeld, is now chairman.
Australian Ethical Investment Limited is an Australian owned company established in 1986 for the purpose of environmental and socially responsible investing.
KVB provides services such as personal, corporate, agricultural banking and services to NRIs and MSME.
Its assets rose from 25 million USD from 1993, to 242 million dollars in 1994, reaching 500 million in 1995.
As of 2014, SiriusXM reports it has more than 27 million subscribers.
The suit was ultimately settled clearing the way for the sale.
The Bank received its license from SEO in June 2013.
The bank was established in 1977 with the merger of Vefsn Sparebank, Herøy Sparebank, Brønnøysund Sparebank, Velfjord Sparebank and Vevelstad Sparebank.
Imperial Bank Limited, commonly known as Imperial Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
The Hanley Economic Building Society is a UK building society, which has its head office in Hanley, Stoke on Trent, Staffordshire.
Locations span 70 offices in 15 countries across North America, the UK, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region.
The Investment Bank of Greece is a Greek investment bank subsidiary of the Cyprus Popular Bank with headquarters in Athens.
ING Direct scores favourably with customer satisfaction and has the highest net promoter score of any financial institution in Australia.
Central Cooperative Bank, founded on 28 March 1991 is a universal commercial bank in Sofia, Bulgaria, belonging to the financial structure of CCB Group.
The Bank is listed with the Dhaka Stock Exchange Limited and Chittagong Stock Exchange Limited.
In 2011, the magazine launched the Asian Film Database, boasting information on over 45,000 films in the Asia-Pacific region.
Fenner & Beane was a brokerage firm based in New Orleans, Louisiana.
The bank defines its purpose as follows: To inspire and empower others to Spend Life Wisely.
Funding Options currently appears on the United Kingdom government’s open data app store.
Vontobel has branches at 21 international locations.
CitiFX Pro offered trading in 130 currency pairs with settlement in the customer’s base currency.
Their key responsibility is to help members achieve a more secure financial future.
Founded in 1913, Aargauische Kantonalbank in 2014 had 687 employees and 31 offices in Switzerland, total assets were 22 928.87 mln CHF.
The bank's branches are primarily in Victoria and Queensland.
The bank was established in 1877 by a bill passed by the Massachusetts Legislature, thereby receiving a charter in 1883.
Trust Bank Limited is a private commercial bank established in 1999 in Bangladesh.
It continues the long history of banking in Kragujevac and Šumadija region.
The bank is owned by Qatar Holdings, an investment arm of the state of Qatar.
At its launch it was the first new high street bank to launch in the United Kingdom in over 150 years.
Police Bank is a member-owned institution and has no shareholders.
It has total assets of NOK 22 billion and headquarters in Bodø.
Nusenda Credit Union serves employees of educational institutions, along with more than 400 other local businesses, systems, and organizations, operating under multiple common bonds.
NYCB is on the list of largest banks in the United States.
The bank was established in the year 1980 under the Regional Rural Bank Act, 1961.
XacBank was founded in 2001 following the merger of “Goviin Ekhlel” LLC and “X.A.C” LLC, two largest non-banking financial institute in Mongolia.
In September 2011, Fitch Group announced the sale of Algorithmics to IBM for $387 million.
Sinitus was liquidated at the order of the Swiss Financial Markets Authority because of its non-compliance with Swiss rules and regulations.
Wachovia Securities was the trade name of Wachovia's retail brokerage and institutional capital markets and investment banking subsidiaries.
South African Post Office is the national postal service of South Africa and as a state owned enterprise, its only shareholder is the South African government.
It manufacturers lattice boom crawler cranes with capacities ranging from 50 to 275 tons.
Clients invest online, through a financial representative, or by bidding on an auction platform.
It offers the following financial products: Retail, Loan, Term deposits, Community banking products, NetBanking, Debit card, Insurance.
Majority of ALMC’s owners are international investors and financial institutions and independent from any state involvement.
In April 2017, Delaware Investments was rebranded as Macquarie Investment Management, effectively ending the original entity.
Capital One Investing provides an award-winning toolset, extensive research and customer service and analysis tools.
ORIX Leveraged Finance offers cash flow based debt and equity capital to middle-market companies throughout North America.
JPMorgan Chase currently has assets of roughly US$2.49 trillion.
It also owned a large silver refinery in Hamburg.
The society has three branches located on Foxhole Road and High Street, Chorley and Towngate, Leyland.
It took the name of the former bank, established in 1885, but not its assets.
No.1 Book Runner Asia Pacific & Japan with market share of 14.6%
The bank is one of the commercial banks licensed by the National Bank of Rwanda, the national banking regulator.
Commercial Bank of Africa is a commercial bank in Tanzania.
Headquartered today in Amman, Jordan, it serves clients in more than 600 branches spanning five continents.
This subsidiary focuses on brokerage and underwriting services to various customers.
It operates several Credit Union Service Organizations including: One Nevada Realty Services, LLC; One Nevada Insurance Services, LLC; One Nevada Investment Group and others.
ABSA Bank Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Barclays Africa Group.
In April 2015, the company's US NFA membership was revoked, preventing them from offering their services in the United States.
[1] The brokerage arm Mizuho Securities was also a primary dealer in the U.S. Treasury securities market.
Metals-banka was a Serbian commercial and investment bank.
It was formed by the merger of the Norwich and Peterborough building societies in 1986.
It was set up in 1916 by M. A. Venkatarama Chettiar and Athi Krishna Chettiar.
The company has built up a significant portfolio of investments.
The bank has 755 branches including 18 café style locations and 2,000 ATMs.
Mostly a postal and online based building society, it has one branch in Epsom.
ProCredit Bank DRCongo is a commercial bank in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Bank operates through its 31 bank branches distributed in 18 States in Brazil.
Asia Green Development Bank is a private commercial bank in Burma.
The company purchases assets from banks and other financial institutions, adding value for lenders through unique insights, flexible approach and international presence.
The firm is headquartered in the City of London at One New Change.
In 2010 Libro was awarded the "Quality Award" by the London Chamber of Commerce.
Boost ETP is an independent boutique Exchange Traded Products provider, based in London, United Kingdom.
Old Mutual also assumed UAM net debt of around US$769 million.
The full name Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności roughly means "General Savings Bank," and Bank Polski means "Polish Bank."
Carta’s clients include Vodafone, Banco Sabadell, Westpac NZ, and Novum Bank.
NIB bank ceased its operations in Pakistan with Effective Date: 07-July-2017.
DSB Bank was a Dutch bank and insurer that failed in 2009.
The most important musical scales are typically written using eight notes, and the interval between the first and last notes is an octave.
As an aspect of strategic management, M&A can allow enterprises to grow, shrink, and change the nature of their business or competitive position.
Founded in 1941, the credit union is designated a "Caring Company" by the Canadian Centre for Philanthropy and is a member of Canada's IMAGINE program.
Cambridge was founded by Harvard College roommates Hunter Lewis and James Bailey in 1973.
Banco de Bogotá is the first commercial bank established in Colombia.
SpareBank 1 is a Norwegian alliance and brand name for a group of savings banks.
He was succeeded by Ithaca College President Tom Rochon.
Umbrellas and parasols are primarily hand-held portable devices sized for personal use.
In 2009 Panmure Gordon welcomed QInvest, the leading investment bank in Qatar, as a strategic investor.
The Bank of Jordan offers credit cards and Internet banking.
It was originally a French railway company, the Compagnie du chemin de fer de Paris à Orléans.
With its head and corporate office at Kamaladi, Kathmandu, the bank has 44 branches.
With operations in 17 markets, the bank has a regional network spanning more than 250 branches and over 1,100 ATMs across 50 cities.
This is a public limited company and listed in both Dhaka Stock Exchange and Chittagong Stock Exchange.
Capitol Federal Savings Bank is a federally chartered and insured savings bank founded in 1893 and is headquartered in Topeka, Kansas.
It is based in Stamford, Connecticut and specialises in fixed income arbitrage and other fixed income strategies.
Established in 2003 it was the largest of its kind from 2003-2012.
The bank's shares are listed in the Euronext Lisbon's PSI-20 stock index.
The Firm's Gabelli Family of Funds has 21 mutual funds and 11 closed-end funds.
The Bank will build a new Head Office in Abu Dhabi’s Al Maryah Island, which will house the future Abu Dhabi Financial District.
The company was particularly active in the insurance sector, where it underwrites life, property, casualty and marine cover.
The Mercantile Bank of India, London and China was an Anglo-Indian bank with business focus in the Far East.
Banca Privada d'Andorra is a banking entity with 100% Andorran capital that was founded in 1957.
Stephen Bolton accepted the position of president and CEO, head coach on February 1, 2012.
Rietumu Banka - JSC Rietumu Banka is a Latvian commercial bank that was established in 1992.
NSBL commenced operation with effect from 7 July 1993 with one full-fledged office at Durbar Marg, Kathmandu with 18 staff members.
The bank provides Islamic Personal, Corporate, Treasury, Investment, and Wholesale banking services to more than 100,000 customers.
It serves in 15 districts of the state with more than 200 branches.
Since then, Corel, has continued to make numerous additional acquisitions.
It has traditionally been considered one of the "Big Four" clearing banks.
Many languages use modified forms of the Latin alphabet, with additional letters formed using diacritical marks.
Lloyds Banking Group's CEO António Horta-Osório told The Banker, "We will keep the different brands because the customers are very different in terms of attitude".
The target completion date for the acquisition was the 3rd quarter of 2007.
It is a part of Edmond de Rothschild Group.
CICC was founded in 1995 and is headquartered at China World Office 2, 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Beijing, China.
Together the merged banks would have $300 million in combined assets and serve California, Oregon and Washington.
Washington State Employees Credit Union is a not-for-profit financial cooperative that is regulated by the National Credit Union Administration, a federal agency.
Corporate social responsibility partnerships with Cancer Council SA, The Big Issue, Riding for the Disabled, HeartKids and Life Without Barriers;
and Ontario, having a combined membership of 3.1 million, while also serving corporate customers with financial and transaction services.
On November 1, 2009, Sarasota Coastal Credit Union merged with Achieva Credit Union, which is headquartered in Clearwater, Florida.
At that time, company officials stated that it had over 1,000 hotel rooms.
TSYS is located in Columbus, Georgia, United States.
Rural Electrification Corporation Limited is a leading public Infrastructure Finance Company in India’s power sector.
BBVA Provincial is a financial institution in Venezuela.
It was headquartered in Kallithea, Athens metropolitan area.
The Bank licensed by NRB as a 'A' class commercial Bank of the country, has grown up as an indispensable component of the Nepalese economy.
Liongate Capital Management was a global investment management firm focused on creating and managing fund of hedge fund investments for institutional and private investors.
Sun Life Financial has a presence in investment management with over CAD$891 billion in assets under management operating in a number of countries.
It plays a dominant role in lending and deposit in the Uruguayan market.
Its head office is located in Toowoomba, Queensland, and it operates 61 branches throughout South East Queensland.
China CITIC Bank, established in 1987, is a nationally comprehensive and internationally oriented commercial bank.
Desert Schools is the largest credit union in Arizona, managing $4 billion dollars in assets as of March 2017.
HBL now referred to as HBL Pakistan is a Karachi based multinational bank.
IBA-Moscow is a subsidiary bank of the International Bank of Azerbaijan located in Moscow, Russia.
The company was previously known as "Monetary Management Corporation", changing its name in 1990.
It had 7.5 million private account holders and was one of the largest providers of financial services in the country.
On 19 October 2009, the Amsterdam court declared DSB Bank to be in bankruptcy.
The bank was founded in January 1971 in Bangkok with 17,000 million baht in funds, and has grown to 52 branches.
Summit Bank is a banking corporation based in Pakistan.
Shared Interest Society Limited is a fair trade financial co-operative based in the United Kingdom formed in 1990.
Cultura is inspired by GLS bank, the leading anthroposophical ethical bank in Germany.
The combined firm later dropped the Dean Witter name.
OTP Group started its activity in 1949 when OTP Bank was founded as a state savings and commercial bank.
Aztec Money is headquartered in Ireland  and operates in Africa, Asia, Europe and the Americas with a localised focus on export focused suppliers.
Bankwest, previously known as The Bank of Western Australia is an Australian full-service bank based in Perth, Western Australia.
Established in 1979, Advisors Asset Management, Inc. has been a resource that provides investment products and portfolio support to broker-dealers and advisors.
Today, the Bank has seven overseas branches and representatives offices and 175 domestic branches, 4 Sub-branches and 5 securities broker.
The company offers dealer finance plans, dealer services, and retail consumer finance plans.
Santander is the fifth largest commercial bank in Brazil by assets, after Banco do Brasil, Itaú Unibanco, Bradesco and Caixa Econômica Federal.
The Bond Exchange of South Africa was a South African Bond exchange based in Johannesburg that was acquired by JSE Limited in 2009.
UT Bank Ghana Limited, commonly known as UT Bank, is a commercial bank in Ghana.
National Savings and Investments, formerly called the Post Office Savings Bank and National Savings, is a state-owned savings bank in the United Kingdom.
It offers various banking services and products related to deposit, investment, trust, cash management, remittance, and financing products and services.
Barclays Investment Bank is the investment banking division of the British multinational Barclays, and is headquartered in London.
On 26 March 2013 its liabilities and assets were bought by Piraeus Bank.
It is headquartered in Seoul, and was established in 1967.
Bank of Åland Plc is a Finnish commercial bank and banking group with over 700 employees and operations in Åland, Finland and Sweden.
It managed to survive both Bulgarian economic crisis and restored its political and economic independence.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the French financial group BNP Paribas.
It has overseas branches in Colombo and Jaffna in Sri Lanka, and in Singapore, and 223 correspondent banks in 71 countries.
Agrani Bank is a state-owned commercial bank of Bangladesh established in 1972 .
On 14 July 2014 the society founded the Family Building Society.
Superior Bancorp, and its principal subsidiary Superior Bank, was a southeastern community thrift with approximately $3.2 billion in assets in 2010.
The first branch was opened 100 miles south of Cumberland in Preston, Lancashire.
As of 2012, STANLIB had ZAR 528 billion in Assets Under Management.
Agence des participations de l'État also owned 1.1% for the French State.
ORIX Corporation is listed on the Tokyo and New York Stock Exchanges.
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. is the largest bank in Japan.
NLB Group is the largest banking and financial group in Slovenia.
Khedouri Zilkha was the head of the bank.
PC Financial offers lines of credit, loans, Registered Retirement Savings Plan, and mortgages.
It pursues business in the private equity and banking sectors, the largest portion of the value of its investments being in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Diversified Global Graphics Group  — is a printer located in Jersey City, New Jersey.
The sale destabilised Wrighton, but effectively established Rabobank as a rural lender in New Zealand.
SulAmérica's main competitors are Bradesco Seguros, Porto Seguro, BB Seguridade, Mapfre, Allianz and others.
Chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration of the U.S. federal government.
Also, Kredobank is a member of such international payment systems, as MasterCard Worldwide, Visa International and the Deposit Guarantee Fund.
The bank has four Regional Offices functioning at Deoghar, Godda, Daltonganj and Garhwa.
In 2002 it was privatized and merged with Kaupthing Bank the following year.
On June 16, 2015, Golden 1 acquired naming rights for a new arena in downtown Sacramento to replace the Sacramento Kings' Sleep Train Arena.
ACM Gold & Forex Trading is known to tap into emerging markets and its strategy involves opening up physical offices in untapped financial avenues.
Nusenda Credit Union is the largest credit union by membership in New Mexico.
The President of Hawaiian Tel Federal Credit Union is Norman Okimoto.
The bank conducts its activities through locations in the Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, and Turkey.
FHB Mortgage Bank is Hungary's largest mortgage re-financer.
The company was established in 2005 as a part of the government's privatization of the banking system.
Envision Financial, Valley First, Enderby & District Financial and Island Savings operate as divisions of First West, retaining their pre-merger brands.
Sampo currently owns more than 20 per cent of Nordea Bank AB, the Nordic banking group.
About 40,000 customer accounts were sold at about $375 each.
International Bank of Asia Limited or IBA was acquired by Taiwan-based Fubon Group in 2004 and now operates under the name "Fubon Bank Limited"有限公司).
The total portfolio included seven investee companies.
SparkBase, LLC was a stored-value and gift card transaction processor located in Cleveland, Ohio, United States from 2004 to 2016.
It was one of the oldest banks in Korea, having been established on February 1, 1897.
Financial Insights analyst Dana Gould says, “This is a [...] unique animal.
Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada provided funding for the facility, and Securcor provided structuring support and is the administrative agent.
It is a subsidiary of Sony Financial and a member of the Japanese electronics company Sony.
It was one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Mauritius, the country's central bank and the nation's banking regulator.
Since inception, Solactive has enjoyed fast growth.
The business was sold to Thomas Carroll Group Ltd on 1 April 2016.
Its network of 13 branches covers the entire country.
DFCU Bank, registered as the Development Finance Company of Uganda Bank Limited and commonly known as DFCU, is a commercial bank in Uganda.
From then the Nepalese investors have raised this bank to one of the most trusted and popular bank in the country.
While its leader acts only in the provincial capacity, the party executive organizes for both provincial and federal election campaigns.
The Group's headquarters are located in Nairobi, Kenya, with subsidiaries in Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Operating since 1869, RBC is the fifth largest in North America and the 11th largest bank globally as measured by market capitalization.
The company provides risk managed investment portfolios and offers these with a free SIPP and free income drawdown.
Valley First, a division of First West Credit Union, is based in British Columbia, Canada.
BBSF was the first operational private bank in Syria in almost 40 years when it launched its operations on January 4, 2004.
The company primarily provides property valuation services across North America through its primary subsidiary Solidifi as well as providing property and casualty insurance inspections through iv3CUS.
As a co-operative the Bank is owned by its customers and its main purpose is to create prosperity for these customers.
It was privatized in 1978, and renamed Interbank A.Ş.
AccessBank is a bank with headquarters in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Green Dot is headquartered in Pasadena, California, and it was formerly known as Next Estate Communications.
Key shareholder of the ICT Holding Ltd is Alexander Nesis.
Currently, Bank Persatuan has over 14 branches located mainly in Malaysian Peninsular.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, the national banking regulator.
Since 2008, the Bank belongs to the Intesa Sanpaolo Group [1].
It has 36.91% local and 63.09% foreign shareholders.
Film Business Asia was a film trade magazine based in Hong Kong.
Stopanska banka is a bank founded in 1944 with headquarters in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.
Santam is a South African financial services group that also has business interest in Zimbabwe, Malawi, Uganda, Tanzania and Zambia.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Zambia, the national banking regulator.
CIMB Group is also the majority shareholder of PT CIMB Bank Niaga Tbk in Indonesia.
The Group's headquarters was located on Victoria Island in Lagos, Nigeria, with subsidiaries in Nigeria, the Gambia, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Uganda.
Bank of Africa maintains its headquarters in Bamako, the capital city of Mali.
Suncorp Bank is a part of the Suncorp Group, with head offices in Brisbane, Australia.
The first products of Source, 22 T-ETCs and 13 ETFs, became available in April 2009 on Deutsche Börse.
Real Insurance Company of Malawi Limited, commonly referred to as Real Insurance, is an insurance company based in Blantyre, Malawi.
Established in 1957, it provides advice and guidance on agricultural problems, advances loans to agricultural cooperatives, and generally assists in developing Libya’s agricultural community.
Cassa di Risparmio di Tortona was an Italian saving bank based in Tortona, Piedmont.
"It is the Saving Bank’s goal to develop and support saving and enhance trade and industry in the country by providing favorable credit conditions.
Posti Group Corporation is the main Finnish postal service delivering mail and parcels in Finland.
Over the years, Bank Windhoek has built a strong financial position and achieved remarkable growth.
The headquarters is in Syosset, New York, and there are branch offices in Westport, CT; Boca Raton, FL; Teaneck and Lawrenceville, NJ; and White Plains, NY.
It is currently one of the Hang Seng Index Constituent Stock.
Bank of Iraq is an Iraqi bank, formerly known as Iraqi Socialist Bank.
The bank currently operates 90 branches in the UAE.
The components were then part of IntercontinentalExchange, although it has now spun off Euronext.
IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG is a bank headquartered in Düsseldorf, Germany.
Edgewater is a Massachusetts-based, publicly traded business and IT consulting firm with an international reach.
It maintains headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland, but has operations in Switzerland, United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Pakistan and Kenya.
Citadele is one of two institutions created in 2010 from a state administered split of Parex Bank into viable and distressed banking assets.
CredoLine is a Ukrainian credit rating agency.
On November 15, 2011, Credit Suisse Group AG announced its intent to integrate its subsidiary Clariden Leu fully into Credit Suisse.
Around 60,000 RBI employees service about 13.5 million customers through around 3,000 business outlets, the great majority of which are located in CEE.
It delivers currency exchange services in a number of countries to individuals, online sellers and businesses.
Bank of Communications Limited, founded in 1908, is one of the largest banks in China.
Sixty percent of the bank's stocks are held by the public and traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.
Suncoast Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Tampa, Florida.
The agreement was reached in a settlement involving the Securities and Exchange Commission, New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, and Wisconsin Attorney General Peg Lautenschlager.
No Regulation in the country so still this market is grey market.
The bank was a subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo.
The conglomerate provided asset management, banking, insurances services to customers in Italy, Spain and Monaco
With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a diversified network of third-party financial advisors.
In 1995 the bank created a holding company for itself, Tompkins Trustco, which was renamed in 2007 to Tompkins Financial.
Luzerner Kantonalbank is the cantonal bank and the dominant retail banking group in the Swiss canton of Lucerne, with a market share of 50-60%.
FXOpen companies operate in Australia, Russia, Saint Kitts and Nevis and the United Kingdom and have representatives in a number of other countries.
As of 12/2009 HSH Nordbank had a balance sheet of EUR 174.5 billion and reported a loss of EUR 678 mn.
Faysal Bank Limited was incorporated in Pakistan on October 3, 1994, as a public limited company under the Companies Ordinance, 1984.
Delphi Funds is a Norwegian mutual funds manager, established in the mid-1980s as a market analysis and data processing firm.
The Group’s largest subsidiaries in Russia are VTB 24, Bank of Moscow.
It also published an investment bulletin which called TAHLIL and had more than 1000 subscribers.
Crystal Lake Bank & Trust Company, N.A.
Digital Insight is one of the largest providers of digital banking solutions to U.S. mid-market banks and credit unions, with nearly 1,000 institutions served.
UMassFive is a member of the National Credit Union Administration, the CO-OP Credit Union network and the SUM ATM network.
It was listed on the Euronext Brussels, Euronext Amsterdam, and Luxembourg stock exchanges.
EastWest Bank, more formally known as East West Banking Corporation, is the tenth largest universal bank in the Philippines in terms of assets.
In March 2017, the Bank of Portugal announced that Lone Star will acquire 75% of Novo Banco in return for a capital injection of €1bn.
Lipper delivers data on more than 265,000 collective investments in 61 countries.
Founded in 1892, Zuger Kantonalbank is a universal bank, providing retail and corporate banking products mainly to the canton residents.
Its main business is offering online banking with foreign currency deposits, investment trusts, and home loans.
The Development Finance Company of Uganda Group, commonly referred to as the DFCU Group, is a financial services company in Uganda.
As with all FDIC Friday bank closures, there was no advance notice given to prevent bank runs.
In August 2016 the bank became a part of the 4finance Holding S.A. after the approval of the Bulgarian National Bank.
BUH currently has a network of ten branches across the country.
Its Head Office is situated at Kamaladi-31, Kathmandu.
In New York, annuities and life insurance products are offered by Allianz Life Insurance Company of New York.
Bills.com is a US-based web site providing financial planning tools and financial services for individuals.
PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk is Indonesia's fourth largest bank by assets, established in 1955.
Satoshi Citadel Industries is a Financial Technology startup company building Blockchain services and products for the purpose of financial inclusion in the Philippines.
Norinchukin has 41 offices throughout Japan and five overseas branches.
It is licensed by the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, the national banking regulator.
To this end, twice yearly roadshows are held within the core East Midlands territory of the Society to explain policy, plans and any new products.
With its two core business segments: Wealth Management and Brokerage, and Capital Markets, SHKFL provides financial services for retail, corporate and institutional clients.
As of 2009 it was ranked as the country's fourth-largest insurer.
The bank has been a subsidiary of Austrian Raiffeisen Bank International since 2006.
Banque Privée Edmond de Rothschild S.A. is a private bank headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland.
It has branches throughout mainland China, Hong Kong, London, Tokyo, New York, Frankfurt, Sydney, Seoul, and Singapore.
It is based in Metro Manila, Philippines and is owned by the Gotianun family of the Philippines.
The bank also has a branch in the Philippines.
The Bank of Punjab is a Pakistani bank headquartered at BOP Tower, Main Bouleveard, Gulberg, Lahore in Pakistan.
The bank's ownership is evenly divided between the Qatar Investment Authority and members of the public.
Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş, referred to as Garanti Bank in English, is a financial services company based in Turkey.
The firm was founded by the Beane Brothers, New Orleans cotton merchants, to manage their exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices.
An umbrella or parasol is a folding canopy supported by wooden or metal ribs, which is usually mounted on a wooden, metal, or plastic pole.
Moody National Bank is a nationally chartered bank, founded in 1907, that is based in Galveston, Texas.
The current CEO of Jyske Bank is Anders Dam.
As of September 2008, it was one of the five commercial banks in Zambia that did not charge customers ATM fees.
SulAmérica is the fourth largest insurance company in Brazil with more than 6.3 million customers.
The company provides co-branded card programs to Walmart, Boost Mobile, AT&T and Citibank.
In March 2005, TEB signed a joint venture agreement with the French BNP Paribas SA, one of the largest financial services groups in the world.
Burke's loyalty to those who had donated their efforts to Labor was no less fervent.
Belair National Bank was formed on April 3, 1964 as a national bank in Bowie, Maryland, United States.
Banco Popolare, Banca Popolare di Milano and Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna owned 10% each as minority shareholders.
The division is made up of Regions Trust, Morgan Asset Management, and RMK Timberland Group.
Becker's history goes back to the 1880s when it was a commercial paper house.
It is licensed as a commercial bank, by the Central Bank of Kenya, the Central Bank and national banking regulator.
Nirmal Jain is the Chairman of the group, while R Venkataraman is the Group Managing Director and Co-Promoter.
ORIX Mezzanine & Private Equity offers a variety of junior debt and equity financing options for lower mid- to middle-market companies throughout North America.
Southeast Bank Limited is a private commercial bank in Bangladesh.
The firm trades stocks, fixed income, derivatives, warrants and listed investment vehicles.
Bank Simpanan Nasional is a government owned bank based in Malaysia.
It was a member of the Building Societies Association.
Global Bank Liberia Limited, commonly referred to as Global Bank Liberia, is a commercial bank in Liberia.
It offers a telephone based brokerage service and advisory service, though its Internet trading platform constitutes the vast majority of its business.
Munich Re holds a 99.69% stake in ERGO.
In 2004 Çağlar and others associated with Nergis were sentenced to three years ten months for bank fraud relating to Interbank.
SEB is the second largest bank in Estonia and is the member of the international SEB Group.
TPS is also the technology behind Telenor Pakistan Pakistan's EasyPaisa bill payment hub and Ufone USSD based multi-bank mobile banking hub.
Ali Mohammad Eghtesad from the Eghtesad Family in the year 2000 which led to its major success later that year.
The firm's services consist mainly of wealth management and investment consultancy.
It is Pakistan's oldest and largest foreign commercial bank.
The company delivers a wide range of deposit and loan products through the operation of the bank.
As of 2014, the bank had 364 branches, 107 smaller offices, 3488 automated services and 13,520 CajaVecina contact points.
Crest Capital is an equipment financing and leasing company, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Headquartered in Moscow, the bank had 267 outlets, including branch offices and cash desks.
The bank merged with Banca Popolare di Milano on 1 January 2017.
O'Shaughnessy previously served as the company's CFO.
It was the fifth largest and oldest private bank in Lithuania.
It continues to operate as a Citigroup subsidiary.
The Bank was named so because its capital was provided by the Army Pension Fund.
The Islamic committee members are approved by the general assembly.
It was formed in 1990 when the Caja de Ahorros Municipal de Bilbao and the Bizkaiko Aurrezki Kutxa-Caja de Ahorros Vizcaína were merged.
It was set up with the primary objective of assisting the less fortunate members of the community in its economic enterprises.
Philippe Buhannic is co-founder of TradingScreen, former chief executive officer of the company, and a member of the Board of Directors.
ERGO is one of the largest insurance groups in Europe.
The union's savings rates are 73% higher than the national average.
Meridian Credit Union Ltd. is a Canadian credit union.
Since 1998, AFCU has contributed over $550,000 to the Arkansas Children's Hospital.
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management is a wealth management division of Bank of America.
During 2011 and 2012, CatalunyaCaixa received a total of €12.052 billion capital investment from the Spanish government's Fondo de Reestructuración Ordenada Bancaria.
The Halifax brand, products and pricing were discontinued in Scotland until reestablished in 2013.
De Volksbank is a Dutch retail bank offering financial products to both companies and individuals.
As of April 2017, VyStar has over $6.5 billion in assets and 41 branches.
Following a change in ownership in 2010 a new board of directors as well as a new CEO, Höskuldur H. Ólafsson, and management team were appointed.
It currently operates 86 branches in Lebanon.
Its business activities are concentrated primarily in the area of automobile loans in support of its parent company.
Moreover, CSC has a Disaster Recovery site in Cyprus.
Credito Valtellinese is an Italian bank based in Sondrio, Lombardy, Italy.
Tokai Tokio Securities was formed from a merger between Tokai Maruman Securities and Tokyo Securities in 2009.
At the time of the acquisition, ASB was the second-largest bank in the territory with a 44 percent market share.
It offers complete banking, payment solutions, asset servicing and institutional investment management to customers.
Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town Company Limited known as OCT Limited is a publicly traded company based in Shenzhen, China.
In 2009, Caisse des Dépots, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, KfW and European Investment Bank founded the Long-Term Investors Club.
GAIN Capital is a US-based provider of online trading services, headquartered in Bedminster, New Jersey.
The Society was founded in Birmingham back in 1841 and its head office remains in the city centre - based at Colmore Circus.
Wesleyan Assurance Society is a financial services company that provides advice and products to select professional groups - notably GPs, hospital doctors, dentists, teachers and lawyers.
Patriot Bank provides retail and commercial banking services to local businesses, nonprofits, municipalities, families, and individuals throughout southern Connecticut and Westchester County, New York.
It is the largest card payment organisation in the world, based on payment transactions, schemes and number of cards issued, before Visa and MasterCard.
The bank, is a subsidiary of CDH Holdings Limited, which in turn is a subsidiary of TransAfrica Holdings Limited, a financial services group, headquartered in Mauritius.
Interbank Burundi, often called Interbank, is a commercial bank in Burundi.
It was bailed out by the federal government for $180 billion, and the government took control.
As of March 31, 2014, The Principal Financial Group had $496 billion in total assets under management and serves some 19.2 million customers worldwide.
It is one of the nationalised banks in India.
The Dutch government has said that ABN AMRO would remain state-owned until at least 2014.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association and is the only independent building society in the East Riding of Yorkshire.
Old Mutual plc is an international investment, savings, insurance, and banking group.
Some 2.5 million postal items are sorted every day.
Wedbush Securities was founded in 1955 and is headquartered at 1000 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, California.
He found premises in Burnley and it officially opened to the public with a ribbon-cutting ceremony with comedian Ted Robbins in September 2011.
As of 2016, it reported 116,827 independent representatives.
The main business of the bank is retail banking, in addition to handling development banking activities in all the atolls.
It is one of the twenty-seven licensed commercial banks in the country.
Faulu Microfinance Bank Limited, commonly referred to as Faulu Kenya, is a microfinance bank based in Kenya.
It serves clients through the internet and telephone as well as at high street branches.
Headquartered in Lakewood, Colorado, it is the 2nd largest bank in Colorado by total deposits behind only Wells Fargo.
United Bank for Africa is a commercial bank in Uganda.
First Nations Bank of Canada is the first Canadian bank to be independently controlled by Aboriginal people and shareholders.
Since 1999, Banca IFIS has expanded in Italy and Eastern Europe with the opening of new branches.
MIDFLORIDA Credit Union, founded in 1954, is a credit union based in Lakeland, Florida.
Truliant now serves over 215,000 member-owners from various communities, along with those from more than 1,200 businesses and organizations.
Jim Pattison, a Vancouver-based entrepreneur is the Chairman, President, CEO, and sole owner of the Jim Pattison Group.
At the same time the new bank would be registered as S.p.A.
The company was broken up after having critical difficulty financing its part of a joint acquisition of ABN AMRO.
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. is a bank based in Fuzhou, Fujian province, China.
The bank has 71 branches in 51 municipalities in Central Norway and is part of the bank alliance SpareBank 1.
Gulf Bank is one of the largest leading banks in Kuwait with a broad offering of consumer banking, wholesale banking, treasury, and financial services.
Standard Chartered Bangladesh has bought out the Bangladesh operations of various other foreign banks such as Grindlays Bank and American Express.
B Corporations meet comprehensive social and environmental performance standards.
As of 2015 the group is headed by Heikki Malinen, and Arto Hiltunen is Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Its name comes from the first two letters of the two originating banks.
Libro is the “bank” in the I Luv London edition of Monopoly.
Bank Windhoek is one of the commercial banks licensed to operate in Namibia by the Bank of Namibia, the national banking regulator.
1 Global Investment Banking Restructuring Advisor by Thomson Reuters.
SDCCU is a financial cooperative with no external stockholders.
On November 16, 2011, 100% of the bank shares were nationalized by the Lithuanian government and the bank was placed into temporary administration.
Coast Capital Savings has 50 branches in the Metro Vancouver, Fraser Valley, Okanagan and Vancouver Island regions of British Columbia.
The bank was a subsidiary of UBI Banca.
PenFed is the nation's second largest federal credit union, with assets of $23 billion and more than 1.6 million members as of July 2017.
The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
HSBC chairman Douglas Flint described the Midland brand as "odds-on favourite" for a return to the high street.
In June 2014, two of the co-founders decided to continue their careers in a different direction.
LGT Group is the private banking and asset management group of the princely House of Liechtenstein.
Community One was the second credit union to close in Clark County, Nevada during 2009.
In December 1998, third-party funds were back at the pre-crisis level.
IEDG_UK Ltd. is headquartered in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
The company is the result of a merger between Zilveren Kruis and Avéro Centraal Beheer Groep on January 1, 1995.
The Mutual Bank has all the safeguards as other banks, including the Commonwealth Government’s bank deposit guarantee.
Fiduciary activity within private banking and private wealth management is done under the aegis of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.—the actual trustee.
Since 2006, Privredna banka Zagreb sponsors the annual PBZ Zagreb Indoors tennis tournament which is part of the ATP 250 series.
Security Bank was publicly-listed with the Philippine Stock Exchange in 1995.
Hans-Konrad Hottinger led the family into banking in 1786, shortly thereafter establishing Banque Hottinguer in Paris.
Since it began operations in 2002, CLS has rapidly increased and by Mar 2017 was settling just over 50% of global FX transactions.
The bank opened with 240 founding shareholders, including Triodos Bank and RSF Social Finance.
Listed on the main London stock market, it is a constituent of the FTSE SmallCap Index.
Nuova Carife was found on 22 November 2015 as a good bank that spin off from the original Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara S.p.A..
ORIX Municipal Finance makes investments of approximately $10 million to $50 million in public, semi-public and private entities.
In January 2000, the Southern Financial conglomerate joined the group.
It has 84,325 employees and has a presence in Bahrain, Hong Kong and Dubai.
The bank intended to triple the number of branches in five years and turn Al Watany into Egypt's third largest retail bank.
The Highway is a commercial-free hit country music radio channel on Sirius XM channel 56, and 56 on XM and channel 6056 on Dish Network.
Agricultural Development Bank Limited is an autonomous organization largely owned by Government of Nepal.
It has applied to the regulators in Colombia for permission to convert its commercial lending operation in that country, Inversora Pichincha, into a commercial bank.
Based on Bloomberg, in 2011 OCBC is the number one of the world's strongest $100 billion assets banks.
Within a few years, it opened offices in Canberra and Brisbane as well.
The bank's statutes were committed to anthroposophical principles until 1999, but in later years, the bank has broadened its appeal.
Recent cross-border advisory work includes representation of the London Stock Exchange Group on its pending $2.7 billion acquisition of Frank Russell Company.
SIGNAL IDUNA is a German financial services company headquartered in Dortmund and Hamburg, Germany.
The company is a strong advocate towards low trading leverages.
Currently, the firm has a total of $325 million assets under management and in 2016 had successfully completed over 130 acquisition transactions.
It was created when Gjensidige NOR was made a public limited company to ensure that the companies' customers retained partial ownership of the company.
Credito Bergamasco was an Italian bank based in Bergamo, Lombardy.
At the centre of the bank's failure was its chairman, Roberto Calvi and his membership in the illegal Masonic Lodge Propaganda Due.
Total business of the bank was Rs.
It was the chief banker of Telangana State.
Headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, FIS employs more than 55,000 people worldwide.
As Firbank had a population of less than 100 at the 2011 Census, details are included in the parish of Killington.
MCX currently has 84 registered members throughout the Philippines.
In 2014 Stewart Title was recognized by Forbes as one of the 50 Most Trustworthy Financial Companies in America.
Major affiliates include: Barings LLC, Haven Life Insurance Agency, and OppenheimerFunds, Inc.
In July 2011, Cargill Financial Services International Inc. acquired 30% authorized capital stock in Delta Bank.
Çukurova sold its majority stake to Cavit Çağlar's Nergis Holding in 1996.
The clearing system in Northern Ireland is operated by the Belfast Bankers' Clearing Company for the four clearing banks there.
With its high-frequency trading algorithms Knight was the largest trader in U.S. equities, with a market share of 17.3% on NYSE and 16.9% on NASDAQ.
The group’s flagship and HMB’s principal, HBZ claims International ranking of 687 in terms of capital.
Both the retail and commercial bank and the bank's corporate headquarters are located at 270 Park Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
The indices provide indicators of the development of the Alternative Energy industry.
Banco Nacional de Costa Rica or BNCR is the largest commercial bank in Costa Rica and the second largest in Central America by assets.
It is owned by the oligarchs Dmitry and Aleksey Ananyev.
HDFC Bank is India’s largest private sector lender by assets.
The firm provides a variety of advisory services including mergers & acquisitions, fairness opinions, debt, restructuring advisory and Joint Ventures & Partnering.
Sohn & Co. KGaA is a private banking company in Frankfurt, Germany.
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. is an Italian bank based in Milan, Lombardy.
ALANTRA's 57 partners and 345 professionals operate from 25 global offices.
The bank is engaged in commercial banking and related services as defined in the Banking companies ordinance, 1962.
Various phishing scams have attempted to use references to NACHA to scam people or get them to install malware.
According to the British Broadcasting Corporation, the bank is similar to other banks in that it has "accounts, reserves, cheque books and tight security".
Finance and Credit was a Ukrainian commercial bank with its head office located at Kiev.
The business of ALIL was transferred to the Isle of Man branch of Santander UK plc on 7 May 2013.
AminIB, also known as Amin Investment Bank, is a major Iranian banking establishment offering commercial and investment banking services.
Clariden Leu posted pretax earnings of 260 million francs in 2006 on revenue of 1.07 billion francs.
The bank is jointly owned by Central and State Governments & sponsored by Canara Bank.
The company merged with JPMorgan Chase & Co. on July 1, 2004.
In 2002, Banca IFIS became a member of "Factors Chain International".
The bank is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria, the national banking regulator.
As of December 31, 2010, the Bank's consolidated branch network consisted of 921 offices.
From 1972, the Society was based in Strutton Ground, moving between buildings on that street until settling at 7 Strutton Ground in 1993.
Protector Forsikring was founded by Jostein Sørvoll.
The bank supports a wide variety of police, health and community organisations such as the Blue Ribbon Foundation and Limbs 4 Life.
It is registered under  List at #101.
Founded in Los Angeles, California in 1931, it is privately held and has offices around the globe in the Americas, Asia, Australia and Europe.
In 2010, PRAG was the #1 financial adviser in New York State and California, by volume.
The broker was founded in 2000 by four former employees of the defunct brokerage firm IMG Holland.
In November 2010, Gávea announced the sale of a majority interest in its capital to J.P. Morgan Asset Management, the asset management arm of JPMorgan Chase.
In 1991, it obtained full banking license in Switzerland.
Employees and employers can use Bitwage to reduce costs, increase visibility into the payment process, and increase the speed of international wage payments.
It provides access to the electronic communication network to execute trades in currencies, precious metals, CFDs and cryptocurrencies.
AAFCU provides comprehensive financial products and services, and online financial management systems.
Its subsidiaries include BlueShore Wealth, BlueShore Leasing, BlueShore Transport Finance, and BlueShore Capital.
Banca Finnat then became a brokerage company,a real estate brokerage company and lastly, since 12 February 1998, an intermediary bank.
Sinitus was formed in 1992, when the Zurich office of Rothschild Bank AG outsourced its fiduciary department.
It heavily markets on Afghan Television Channels and had a revenue of 984 million Afghani in 2016.
The bank is known in its shortened form as the "Kan Gin."
RBB provides various banking services to a wide range of customers including banks, insurance companies, industrial trading houses, airlines, hotels, and many other sectors.
The bank was established under the Financial Institutions of Myanmar Law of 1990, which separated the bank from Myanma Economic Bank.
In 2015 National Bank of Greece announced it will sell NBGI.
As of September 2016, UBI has 4214 branches.
The company is currently engaged in consumer finance businesses and commercial lending.
Since 2009 VTB Capital has run an annual international investment forum, Russia Calling!, in both London and Moscow.
Sinitus AG is a financial services company based in Zurich, Switzerland.
The company is currently managed by founder and CEO Brian Taylor and 17 partners.
Baring Asset Management Limited, also known as Barings, is an international investment management firm.
yA Bank is a Norwegian bank offering basic banking and financial services to personal customers.
At the end of 2009, Bank Asya’s total assets reached TRY14 billion.
As of 2014 the bank has around 135,000 customers throughout New Zealand.
Products and services include life and long-term care insurance, mortgage insurance, and annuities.
In the end, the total purchase cost Deutsche Bank €6 billion.
Taishin Financial Holdings is headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan.
Separately, sources said an internal fraud scheme had occasioned the move.
APCA’s role includes strategic direction and regulatory policy for the Australian payments system.
In addition to assuming all of the deposits of the failed bank, First Midwest Bank agreed to purchase essentially all of the assets.
UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. is an Italian financial services company based in Bologna and founded in 2014.
MCB Group Limited is a financial services holding company.
Exportbank had liabilities worth around PHP700 to 800 million.
Otto Bruderer, a managing partner at the bank, said in court that "Wegelin was aware that this conduct was wrong."
Headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan it has a member size of 57,476 and assets of over $516.4 million as of September 2013.
Founded in 1796, Lombard Odier is one of the largest private banks in Switzerland and Europe.
In July 1902 the International Banking Corporation, a predecessor to Citibank, opened its first branch in Manila.
VP Bank AG is a Liechtenstein-based private bank headquartered in Vaduz.
The company continues to see both the United Kingdom and Hong Kong as its "home markets".
It is a prominent major player among Swiss hedge funds.
Bridgewater Bank is a Canadian Schedule I chartered bank based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
It existed from 1933 until 2000, when it was taken over by the Commonwealth Bank.
Perella Weinberg's Corporate Advisory business advises its clients on mergers and acquisitions, financial restructuring, private placements and other strategic transactions.
Bank Islam was established primarily to assist the financial needs of the country's Muslim population, and extended its services to the broader population.
It is the largest independent investment dealer in Canada.
Their business model is highly lucrative as debt-collectors "buy huge swaths of soured bills from lenders for pennies on the dollar."
Bank Mizrahi-Tefahot is the fourth-largest bank in Israel.
SNBNY is a part of the Safra Group of financial institutions.
HPB is listed on the Zagreb Stock Exchange.
The bank also offers personal and commercial insurance, group and individual health coverage and risk management services through ANBTX Insurance Services, a wholly owned subsidiary.
"Intelligent environments are spaces in which computation is seamlessly used to enhance ordinary activity.
Carver Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Carver Federal Savings Bank, a federally chartered stock savings bank.
Canara Bank is one of the major public sector banks owned by the Government of India.
Over 3000 employees of Raiffeisenbank service more than 730 000 customers through a network of 188 branches.
ACM Gold offers trading in CFDs & Spot Products for Foreign Exchange, Indices, Metals, Energy and Commodities.
It is particularly active in advising government owned, 501(c)(3), faith-based, and educational healthcare systems on joint ventures, strategic partnerships, and lease structures.
The firm's tagline, "We work for a world of investors.
It is the largest bank headquartered in Wisconsin.
The history of the bank goes back to 20 June 1857 with the establishment of the first savings bank in Nøtterøy.
The Melton was established in 1875 and is one of the oldest surviving building societies in the United Kingdom with over 65,000 members.
Assets of the bank include the credit cards, assets under management, non-cash loans, leasing, factoring, private pension funds and non-life insurance.
On 25 May 2015, the IOR published its Annual Report for 2014.
It was founded in 1863 as the First National Bank of South Bend.
Chartway, a not-for-profit financial institution, has been proudly serving members for more than 50 years.
Taras Kyrychenko, Chairman of the Management Board.
Festa Ltd. is a private Bulgarian holding company.
Equity Bank Kenya Limited, is a financial services provider headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya.
The bank enjoys correspondent accounts in Germany, USA, Italy, Turkey, Netherlands and Russia.
Abdulla Al-Habbai has been chosen as chairman by Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum.
Jackson is a subsidiary of the British insurer, Prudential plc, which acquired the company for $608 million in 1986.
It also offers mobile and online payments.
The Bank is present in 19 States and 3 Union Territories.
Dawood Hercules Corporation Limited is a Pakistani investment holding company with diversified holdings in Energy and Foods.
Aktiv Kapital ASA is a Norwegian debt investment company with operations in nine countries.
The banks history goes back to 1842 with the establishment of Nes Prestegjelds Sparebank.
For other banks with a similar name, see First Bank.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Uganda, the central bank and national banking regulator.
It had 32 regional branches including the branches in Baku.
Total assets of the bank reached BGN 5,637 billion as of 31 December 2012.
Under the agreement, the AIA brand will feature on the shirts of Spurs players in all competitions until the end of the 2018-2019 season.
Founded in 1931 by Richard S. Reynolds, Jr., the firm was acquired by Dean Witter & Co. in 1978.
In September however the sale was cancelled owing to the offers being deemed unsatisfactory.
As of September 30, 2015, EverBank had approximately $25.2 billion in total assets.
BOK Financial's holdings include BOKF, NA, BOSC, Inc. and the Milestone Group.
By 2014, it had won the Euromoney award for best bank in Armenia three times.
60 million as a Joint Venture Bank with IFIC Bank Ltd. of Bangladesh.
As of 23 December 2010, Van der Moolen shares were no longer listed on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange.
LankaClear is the operator of LankaPay, the country's largest interbank payment network.
Using the crowdfunding model, the company based in Berlin, Germany aims to create a direct link between private lenders and small businesses seeking loans.
It currently has two locations serving 9,723 members.
The Khmer alphabet is the longest, with 74 letters.
Rajshahi Krishi Unnayan Bank is a state-owned bank in Bangladesh, a specialized financial institution for financing the farmers of the 16 districts of Rajshahi and Rangpur.
BSP currently services over 650,000 business banking customers throughout the Pacific.
The company manages six shopping malls, three in Chile and four in Peru.
Piper Jaffray was named one of America's 50 Most Trustworthy Financial Companies by Forbes magazine in 2015 and 2017.
is an Indonesian bank established in 1956.
As of July 2014, Nick Hutt has been the interim CEO of VTB Capital plc.
Delta Community Credit Union is the largest credit union in Georgia in terms of both asset size and membership.
BMCI is a bank based in Morocco.
Since 9 July 2014, its president is Jean-Baptiste de Franssu.
ADS Securities London is authorised and regulated by the FCA.
It has secondary listings on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange of India.
In addition, A.M. Best also publishes a series of printed and online directories of insurance professionals and publications.
The bank was sold 22 May 2007 to Iceland’s Straumur Investment Bank.
The company's global presence allows 24-hour continuous work capability, a model that offers more personalized service, responsiveness and adaptability compared to traditional larger, more-established index providers.
Further broadening its scope of activities, it then extended its financial services to non-members.
ABN AMRO Bank is the third-largest bank in the Netherlands.
Today, they provide a full range of bank services to the city and its surrounding communities.
On 27 July 2015, the bank announced their subsequent and final change of name, to Bank Australia, from 17 August 2015.
Kenanga Investment Bank Berhad is a Malaysian financial services company which provides investment banking, stockbroking and investment management services.
Revolution Money is a financial services company based in St. Petersburg, Florida.
The Ipswich Building Society is a UK building society based in Ipswich, Suffolk.
Santa Barbara Tax Products Group is based in San Diego, California and operates as a subsidiary of Green Dot Corporation.
American Savings and Loan now had branches on five islands.
Bank One Corporation was the sixth-largest bank in the United States.
The mutual has £6 billion of assets under management and reported an operating profit of £40.3 million in 2014.
The credit union merged with Astra and Vantis credit unions in 2007.
This increased to 9.9% in September 2015.
The Company’s profit mainly comes from earning interest on loans and investment securities.
The group offers retail and commercial banking services all over Finland as well as insurance services.
FNF also owns 100% of J. Alexander's, an upscale dining concept, which also owns Stoney River Legendary Steaks.
Its head office is situated at Baku, Azerbaijan.
The bank has branches in Sendai and Hachinohe; unfavorable business conditions forced the bank to close a branch in Sapporo.
Standard Chartered Zimbabwe, officially Standard Chartered Bank Zimbabwe Limited, is a commercial bank in Zimbabwe and a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered.
The bank has dozens of branches and ATM's throughout Syria.
It purchased and absorbed the National Bank of Flint in 1942.
The integration of Monaco’s activities is expected to take place by the end of the second quarter 2017.
Ithmaar Bank provides a diverse range of Sharia-compliant products and services that cater to the financing and investment needs of individuals and institutions.
Sushil Finance Group is among the oldest Indian broking houses being associated with the Bombay Stock Exchange as well as the National Stock Exchange.
In 2007 the company was hit by the Terra Securities scandal that after having misinformed eight municipalities in Norway as to the risk of their investments.
U.S. Bank bought its retail branch network and home mortgage assets, and Washington Mutual bought its multifamily and commercial real estate assets.
The banks equity certificates was listed on Oslo Stock Exchange in 1998.
He presented the concept paper of BankIslami to sponsors on March 24, 2004.
As of 17 August 2011, FHB Mortgage Bank Co. Plc.
It is the biggest bank in the country by total earnings.
Mizuho offers a range of financial services, including banking, securities, trust and asset management services, employing more than 56,000 people in 900 offices.
From 1988 through 1997, CIBC Wood Gundy was the universal name of CIBC's investment banking operations.
MCB operates 32 branches and specializes in credit/debit cards, insurance brokerage, trust, private banking and corporate management services.
It was mainly known through its two main subsidiaries: The Co-operative Bank and The Co-operative Insurance.
Spencer Trask & Co. is a privately held advanced technology development company.
Clifford Brandt had the idea to create a financial company with a full Haitian ownership in a sector largely composed of foreign banks.
VersaPay Corporation, commonly known as VersaPay, is a national Canadian payment processing and payment systems company with offices in Toronto, Montreal and New York.
It was a subsidiary of Cardinal Financial Corporation.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
Kotak Mahindra Bank is an Indian private sector bank headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
CSCBank SAL, is a Lebanese bank headquartered in Lebanon with offices in Syria, Jordan and Cyprus, along with processing centers located in the latter two countries.
IDBI Bank is an Indian government-owned financial service company, formerly known as Industrial Development Bank of India, headquartered in Mumbai, India.
Union Trust and Savings Bank was a bank that served the City of Flint, Michigan.
South Indian Bank has 850 branches, 4 service branches,48 ext.counters and 20 Regional Offices spread across more than 27 states and 3 union territories in India.
The Earl Shilton Building Society is a UK building society, which has its head office in Earl Shilton, Leicestershire.
U.S. Central Federal Credit Union was located in Lenexa, Kansas.
It is one of three Azerbaijani banks operating in Georgia.
But due to legal constraints, the bank was renamed as EXIM Bank, which stood for Export Import Bank of Bangladesh Limited.
Intra Bank was a Lebanese bank, and the largest financial institution in the Lebanon until its collapse in 1966.
As of April 2007, 10% of Oricombank was owned by BNP Paribas, a French banking group.
The company headquartered at Kolkata was established in 1906 and nationalised in 1972.
Regions Financial Corporation is a bank and financial services company headquartered in the Regions Center in Birmingham, Alabama.
The firm was co-founded in 1995 by a group who had formerly worked together at the TCW Group starting in the 1980s.
The Yorkshire Building Society is the third largest building society in the UK, with its headquarters in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England.
In the late 1970s, Blair Hull developed an empirical options pricing model independent of Black–Scholes.
As part of the celebration, the credit union honored original officers and charter members.
It was the premier bank of Kerala.
Alpha Bank is the fourth largest Greek bank by total assets, and the largest by market capitalization of €3.28 billion.
Part of Safran group until 2017, Morpho merged with Oberthur Technologies and became OT-Morpho on 31st May 2017.
Its brother organization is the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, better known as Freddie Mac.
Emphasizing financial education for children, the Center's Youth Advisory Board regularly meets to discuss its operations, including the Bank and programs.
Investrust Bank Plc., commonly known as Investrust Bank, is a commercial bank in Zambia.
Currently the company is headquartered in Avenida Paulista, in São Paulo.
The bank had 193 branches in Veneto, 67 in Lombardy, 61 in Tuscany and 50 in Friuli – Venezia Giulia.
NewBridge Bank is the banking subsidiary of NewBridge Bancorp.
APCA administers a number of payments systems within Australia.
Pictet does not engage in investment banking, nor does it extend commercial loans.
The Jammu and Kashmir Bank was founded on 1 - October - 1938 under letters patent issued by the Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir, Hari Singh.
The bank was acquired by the predecessor of Intesa Sanpaolo, Banca Intesa in 2001.
ERGO is a group of insurance companies owned by Munich Re.
James Cracchiolo is the chairman and chief executive officer.
It also has a presence in banking, life and general insurance, asset management, venture capital and education loans.
Operating with two employees, they leased premises at 48 Congress Street in May 1881.
Itaú Unibanco is a Brazilian publicly quoted bank with headquarters in São Paulo, Brazil.
Today, the New Brunswick Liberal Party competes with the Progressive Conservative Party of New Brunswick to form the government.
It is also registered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and certified as a community development financial institution by the United States Department of Treasury.
OneMain is currently traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “OMF” and is led by CEO Jay Levine.
It was founded by Filipino entrepreneurs John Bailon, Miguel Cuneta, and Jardine Gerodias in March 2014, and is headquartered in Makati in Metro Manila, Philippines.
Caixa Econômica Federal, also referred to as Caixa or CEF, is a Brazilian bank headquartered in the nation's capital, Brasília.
The Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development is the promoter of the Bank with around 15.02% stake.
In 1990, it was merged to Dao Heng Bank.
The Chorley and District Building Society is a UK building society based in Chorley, Lancashire, England.
Foros is a boutique investment bank headquartered in New York.
Basrah International Bank for Investment is an Iraqi commercial bank, with headquarters in Baghdad.
Its net income plummeted 81% in the second quarter of 2014.
Its currently the market leader with a market share of more than 40% in corporate loans.
TD Bank, N.A., is an American national bank chartered and supervised by the federal Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
Vietnam Securities Indexes is the first equity index that composes all stocks listed on the two exchanges in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City.
The bank also has a Sharia department and an independent Sharia Supervisory Committee to ensure that its products are compliant with Islamic teachings.
Ex-BBVA Vicente de la Parra was brought in to lead the banking division.
Actimize, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of NICE Systems, provides financial crime prevention, compliance and risk management products and services to the financial services industry.
It operates in the wholesale, retail, treasury, asset management and brokerage fields, and was founded in 1988.
The unrelated company was filed for struck off for dormant by Hong Kong's Companies Register using the power of Chapter 622 Section 745 2.
The Group's shares have been listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange under the ticker symbol “SQN” since 29 May 2000.
Family Bank Limited, commonly known as Family Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
In 2015, it serves USD 3,903.21 million out of USD 15,316.75 million of total country remittance.
Moody's Analytics is a subsidiary of Moody's Corporation established in 2007 to focus on non-rating activities, separate from Moody's Investors Service.
The company operates through its subsidiaries in Brazil and in Uruguay.
The structure of sōgō shōsha can give them advantages in international trade.
In 1997, the bank joined Unicredito Group, as well as in 1998 followed the group to merge with Credito Italiano to form UniCredito Italiano.
SILKSPAN is Thailand's first and leading online financial supermarket.
It is the oldest, as well as one of the largest banks in Mongolia.
The bank provides around €1 billion in development aid, mainly as grants, loans and guarantees to finance projects in the value of almost €11 billion.
Barclays Bank of Uganda Limited, commonly known as Barclays Bank Uganda Limited, is a commercial bank in Uganda.
It is one of the commercial banks in the country, licensed by Bank of Zambia, the national banking regulator.
Plum Financial Services Limited is an Australian corporate superannuation administrator and provider of financial products and services.
It has six Managing Partners who are key executives, and with a Senior Leadership Team of 17 other executives, oversee the Firm's businesses.
In July 2016, Starling received its banking licence from the Financial Conduct Authority.
The Bank is active in the online and digital banking space with DCB on the Go - instant mobile banking, SMS banking, telephone banking.
When it launched, elephant.co.uk was the UK’s first wholly online car insurance provider, although it also has call centres so customers are able to contact it.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
It primarily operates in Shenzhen, Shanghai and Fuzhou.
When the credit union opened for business, the office was located directly above the Traffic Department of Nashua Corporation on Franklin Street in Nashua.
In 1986, Cultura Lånesamvirke was established, and in 1997, Cultura was granted a full banking license as a savings bank.
With assets of nearly $1 billion, Moody Bank is one of oldest and largest privately owned Texas-based banks.
Saman Bank is a privately owned Iranian bank.
The company's portfolio includes acquiring; credit, debit, prepaid, etc.
The company ranks at number 172 on the Forbes Global 2000 listing.
Divisions include Japan-based Orix Auto Leasing Corporation, which operates in other countries through subsidiaries such as Orix Auto Leasing Co., Ltd.
National Bank of Kenya, also known as National Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
In April 1995, when a financial crisis started, Banka Baltija had 283 million dollars in deposits and had given credits of 283 dollars.
La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque is an independent and family private bank in France.
Comtex News Network, Inc. is a distributor of news on the Internet, specializing in the business and financial market sectors.
Nets Group or Nets is a Nordic-based payment service provider.
Since 2016, it has been part of the newly re-formed NatWest Markets investment banking arm, created from the Group's corporate and institutional banking division.
The second-largest shareholder with over 36% is Berlusconi's Fininvest.
In 2014, Interactive Brokers became the first online broker to offer direct access to IEX, a private forum for trading securities.
The company was founded in 1999 by Michael Paris.
In 2001, Van der Moolen launched VDM Bonds to provide fixed income liquidity in less-than-wholesale transaction sizes to banks and other intermediaries.
The Bank is also a member of the Near East-North Africa Regional Agricultural Credit Association based in Amman, Jordan.
The bank primarily operates in treasury, corporate/wholesale banking and retail banking segments.
The old Carife was under administration from 2013 and 2015, and now being liquidated .
The bank is headed by President and CEO, In Channy, who is one of the original 28 members of the organization.
Today, regional presence in Lebanon, Palestine, and Cyprus.
TD's original brokerage, Greenline Investor Services, was established in 1984.
Its future remains relatively bright despite the current global economic downturn.
It was formed in 2003 after the merger of National Development Leasing Corporation and IFIC Bank.
The bank operated three branches, one each in Calgary, Vancouver and Toronto.
The company also provides college savings tools such as its Upromise Rewards business and online planning for college tools and resources.
It is one of the forty-three commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
As a full service bank, YAB offers, among other financial products, savings accounts, checking accounts, certificates of deposit, and credit card accounts.
The bank invests deposits attracted from the general public.
M&G also manages more esoteric assets within the private finance arena such as Structured Products, Leveraged Finance, Project and Infrastructure Finance.
Most of these banks' operations are descended from Daiwa Bank and Asahi Bank, which merged in 2003.
Alpha Card Services reports it currently has over 600 independent sales organizations located in 49 states selling their products and services.
Banca Adriatica S.p.A. formerly known as Nuova Banca delle Marche S.p.A. is an Italian bank based in Jesi, Marche region.
The bank has installed 26 ATM and 2777 POS Terminals by the end of 31 March 2015.
Lazard is a leading financial advisory and asset management firm that engages in investment banking, asset management, and other financial services primarily with institutional clients.
It is also responsible for the collection of exportation taxes.
The bank listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in 1991 and the government fully privatised it in 1996.
Downer & Co. was founded in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1975 and has additional offices in Dublin, Frankfurt, Madrid, Mumbai, Oslo, Paris, Shanghai and Sydney.
The company is the only mortgage company regulated by the Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
The bank was established on 1 July 1994 in Taunggyi, Shan State.
Strategic Investment Group is an American investment manager with approximately US$ 37 billion of assets under management.
Carver was founded in 1948 in Harlem to serve African-American communities whose residents, businesses, and institutions global central banks, had limited access to mainstream financial services.
Orix Corporation, styled as ORIX, is a financial services group headquartered in Minato, Tokyo, and Osaka, Japan.
In 2008 Pareto started its own bank, Pareto Bank.
It is licensed by Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
In 1967, Montenegro’s banking system was comprehensively integrated into Investment Bank of Titograd.
Credit Union SA is South Australia's third largest Credit Union, with over 50,000 members and more than $915 million in assets.
Novacaixagalicia was the trading name of Caixa de Aforros de Galicia, Vigo, Ourense e Pontevedra a Spanish savings bank based in Galicia.
CanDeal has offices in Toronto and Montreal and is owned by Canada’s Six Major Banks and TMX Group.
AIG was a central player in the financial crisis of 2008.
As of 2015, Summit has 34 locations throughout the state of Wisconsin.
The firm provides advice on mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, financings, and capital raisings to leading corporations, partnerships, institutions and governments across a number of industries.
Wright-Patt Credit Union is a US credit union or financial cooperative headquartered in Beavercreek, Ohio.
It employs 185,000 people across 56 countries and provides financing, advisory and capital markets services.
UMB operates banking and wealth management centers in Missouri, Illinois, Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, Nebraska, Arizona and Texas.
In 2007, the firm raised its first investment fund with $485 million of commitments from institutional investors.
ONE Bank Limited started its activities in Bangladesh from May 1999.
Phoenix remains one of the few insurance companies to keep its headquarters in Hartford.
The bank has performed well in the past decades, winning several awards for its banking practices.
The bank is an indigenous South Sudanese commercial bank.
Rastriya Banijya Bank is fully government owned, and the largest commercial bank in Nepal.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Arab Banking Corporation.
In Securities, they provide trading services in the UK through Winterflood, a market-maker.
The majority of the shares are owned by the Government of Bangladesh.
Banka Kombëtare Tregtare is the largest and oldest operating commercial bank in Albania.
The company was previously the majority owner of Harbinger Capital.
The bank is not affiliated with the Beijing based Export–Import Bank of China.
Ogone managed and secured online payments for card-not-present transactions and provided fraud prevention services.
Nordea unified its headquarters to be in Stockholm, although operates across both the Nordic and Baltic regions with over 1,400 branches.
Bank was ranked 510 in the Forbes Global 2000 for year 2010.
With premium income amounting to €18bn, ERGO offers different types of insurance and other services.
Besides operations in Switzerland, responsAbility has its own personnel in Lima, Mumbai, Nairobi, Hong Kong, Bangkok as well as in Paris and Oslo.
It facilitates electronic funds transfers throughout the world, most commonly through Visa-branded credit cards and debit cards.
It has market-dominant positions in consumer banking, treasury and markets, asset management, securities brokerage, equity and debt fund-raising in Singapore and Hong Kong.
Clients in New Zealand include the New Zealand Institute of Golf, New Zealand Warriors Rugby League Club, CLM Health & Fitness and TicketDirect.
Montepio, formerly Montepio Geral, is a Portuguese mutual savings organization, better known for its banking activity.
Today members from any union can belong and bank at The Union Credit Union.
Based on assets, it ranks 109 in terms of the world’s major banks.
The HSBC name is derived from the initials of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation.
As of 2014, Vantiv supports approximately 400,000 merchant locations and more than 17,000 automated teller machines in 46 states and eight countries.
The firm's index division specializes in the development and publishing of proprietary custom indices, which are licensed to financial intermediaries worldwide.
Paine Webber was ultimately acquired by the Swiss bank UBS AG in 2000.
It is the largest publicly traded savings bank in Michigan with assets of over $13 billion in 2016.
The Company is part of the BRB group, comprising Cartao BRB, Seguros BRB, Financeira Brasília, BRB DTVM, BRB Saude and Regius.
The American Express Company, also known as Amex, is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Three World Financial Center in New York City.
The facility is backed by commercial equipment leases originated by Tetra Financial.
There are 40 branches in this district serving the customers.
WSFS Financial Corporation is a multibillion-dollar financial services company.
The bank was established in May 1995 by the Ananyev brothers, the owners of Tekhnoserv, the largest systems integrator in the CIS.
DFCU Financial is Michigan's largest credit union.
Senior research analysts associated with Sushil Finance are often featured in leading dailies and news portals.
Bank of Jerusalem, Ltd. is Israel's seventh largest bank, with total assets of 9,301 million shekels.
At the 2012 Bell Awards of the Philippine Stock Exchange, China Bank was named as one of the best-governed companies in the Philippines.
Commercial National Financial Corporation is a registered financial holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 as amended.
It is regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration of the U.S. federal government.
DIFC offers clients a 50-year guarantee of zero taxes on corporate income and profits, complemented by the UAE’s network of double taxation avoidance treaties.
It was established in 2008 by the Icelandic government out of the domestic operations of its predecessor Landsbanki which failed during the 2008–2011 Icelandic financial crisis.
Bolstered by diversification into areas such as healthcare and consumer products, however, the firm survived and continued to operate independently.
The Nikkei 225 Futures, introduced at the Osaka Securities Exchange in 1988, is now an internationally recognized futures index.
In February 2015 the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists released information about the business conduct of HSBC under the title Swiss Leaks.
India is the third country in the world to have a bank especially for women, after Pakistan and Tanzania.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, the central bank in the country and the national banking regulator.
Indebank is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Reserve Bank of Malawi, the national banking regulator.
Santa Barbara Tax Products Group is the second largest provider of tax refund-related products behind H&R Block Bank.
Triodos Bank's balance sheet was worth EUR 5.3 billion by the end of 2012.
More than 620 employees work at the offices in Europe, in North and South America, as well as in Asia.
Dr Haseeb Drabu was chairman and ceo of the bank for the period 2005 to 2010.
TPS Pakistan is a Pakistan-based technology firm established in 1996 by two entrepreneurs Mohammed Sohail and Mobushir Rahim.
1 IPP in terms of number of issues handled for FY 2014 in India as per Prime Database
As of May 2015, it was the seventh largest commercial bank in the country, with assets exceeding US$200 million and shareholders' equity of US$25 million.
It ranks in the top 1% of credit unions nationwide and it is the fourth largest credit union in Michigan in terms of asset size.
Source's product range consists of 53 equities, 31 commodities, 3 fixed income and 4 alternative products.
On August 8, 2016, TIAA reached a deal to buy EverBank for $2.5 billion in cash.
This demerger created two separate organisations, ABN AMRO Bank N.V. and The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V.
The subsidiary Wirecard Bank AG holds a German banking licence, in addition to licences from Visa and Mastercard.
Mian Muhammad Mansha is the Chairman of the group.
Its head office is located in Killorglin, County Kerry.
HSBC opened its doors in Sri Lanka in 1885, just 27 years after its first offices were established in Hong Kong and Shanghai.
It also has an Internet marketing division.
Founded in 1986 and publicly traded between 1997 and 2017, American Capital had six offices in the U.S. and Europe.
The merger took effect from 9 October 2001.
Before the collapse of the Icelandic banking system in late 2008 the company was mainly owned by Björgólfur Guðmundsson and his son Björgólfur Thor Björgólfsson.
In July 2014 the Co-operative Bank paid $1.3 million of surplus profit back to the majority of its customers.
The bank is listed with both Dhaka Stock Exchange Ltd. and Chittagong Stock Exchange Ltd.
Invesco Ltd. is an American independent investment management company that is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, and has branch offices in 20 countries.
The company currently processes more than $34 billion per year in electronic transactions for more than 250,000 merchants in all 50 states.
SinoLatin Capital is a Shanghai-based-merchant bank specializing in private equity and research focused exclusively on cross border transactions between China and Latin America.
Heritage Bank Limited is Australia's largest mutual bank.
Invest Corporate Office is located in Tampa, Florida and employs over 165 staff members who support financial advisers.
Bank Rakyat Indonesia is one of the largest banks in Indonesia .
The bank was the first to introduce credit cards into the country in 1995 and to introduce mobile banking in 2010.
AKD Investment Management Limited is the investment management firm under umbrella of AKD Group.
Founded in February 2002 as a nongovernmental bank, Parsian Bank now has 288 branches across Iran, 159 of which are in Tehran.
Its role is divided into three areas: marketing and supply, banking and insurance, and extension services.
Nowadays, the Sogebank Group includes seven subsidiaries each concerning a separate branch of banking transactions and a foundation:
As of 2012, GECU had $1.96 billion in assets with approximately 311,000 plus members and 700 employees.
These are general insurance services and health services.
At one point, Van der Moolen USA’s specialist book had represented 15% of the NYSE listed common stocks and accounted 11% of the NYSE's volume.
Dubai Bank was an Islamic bank based in Dubai, UAE.
Pondicherry Gramin Bank, also known locally as Puduvai Bharathiar Grama Bank is a Regional Rural Bank in the Indian Union Territory of Puducherry.
It was owned by the merchants Abel Seyler and Johann Martin Tillemann, and notably involved itself in the currency market and speculation with financial instruments.
Deposit and non-deposit products are available through the WesBanco companies.
The Bank has expanded its range of products and services to include Shariah Compliant Islamic Banking products.
AsiaUniversalBank is the largest commercial bank in Kyrgyzstan, holding about a quarter of the combined assets and deposits reported by the entire Kyrgyz banking system.
Most of its lending is for land purchases and small-business loans.
Uttara Bank Limited is one of the largest and oldest private sector commercial banks in Bangladesh.
Telefónica Europe's subsidiaries continue to operate under the O2 brand.
The bank's logo represents the light of the Holy Spirit.
OSK has been acknowledged as a cost-competitive financial services and investment banking service provider in Malaysia.
Harbert Management Corporation, based in Birmingham, Alabama, is a U.S. investment management company founded in 1993 by Raymond J. Harbert.
The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is Frank W. Lippitt.
In the Global Top 15 deals, Tata Steel Odisha ranked 7th, the only Indian deal to feature in the list.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
VTB reduced the overall 2014 Russian growth forecast from 1.3 percent to zero.
In 2014 it was absorbed into Banco Popolare S.C..
Legal & General Investment Management, the asset management arm of L&G, is the 10th largest investment management firm in the world by AUM.
Gulf Baader Capital Markets also pointed to possible listings of Oman Arab Bank and NLG when market conditions are favorable.
Alternative Bank Switzerland is a sustainability-oriented bank based in Olten, Canton of Solothurn, in Switzerland.
Concentra is owned by its members who include credit unions, provincial credit union centrals and other financial co-operatives.
The bank is part of the Société Générale banking group.
It is one of the banks licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the national banking regulator.
The group merged with Credito Italiano to form Unicredito Italiano in 1998.
The Islamic banking arm, Al Yusr, was established in 2013.
One of its specialist areas is in providing money transfer services for overseas property purchase and emigration.
The Bank's head office was situated at Gunfoundry Area, Hyderabad, India.
It has its headquarters in Lower Manhattan, New York City.
This makes them useful for purposes of collation, specifically by allowing words to be sorted in alphabetical order.
Compartamos Banco is a Mexican bank and the largest microfinance bank in Latin America, serving more than 2.5 million clients.
The registered office is at Pixham End, Dorking in Surrey.
Royal Bank was a private commercial bank established as ÖZ BANK on 2 August 1993.
Marketing is the study and management of exchange relationships.
Four partners are involved in the group's day-to-day management.
NMB Bank Plc, is a commercial bank in Tanzania, the second-largest economy in the East African Community.
Revolution Money has three products: RevolutionCard is a credit card, Revolution MoneyExchange which provides free online money transfers between members, and RevolutionGift, the gift card.
The Ulster Bank Group is subdivided into two separate legal entities, Ulster Bank Limited and Ulster Bank Ireland DAC.
The bank was spin off into a banking foundation and a Società per Azioni in 1992.
As a not-for-profit credit union, it gives back its earnings to its customers and their local communities.
In 2016 it was named one of "Two Top Websites for Quantitative Analysis" by Barron's.
K. Nanda Kumar is the founder, president and CEO of SunTec.
The company is owned by Mexican billionaire, Carlos Slim.
POLi Payments has been acquired by SecurePay Holdings, a fully owned subsidiary of Australia Post.
IronStone Bank, was a United States bank that was merged back into First Citizens bank in 2011.
Throughout much of its history, the National Bank provided commercial banking services to mainly major industrial and rural as well as some personal customers.
Assets total $55.52 billion and deposits amount to $34.97 billion
The bank was listed on the Malaysian Stock Exchange in 1967.
TraderMade provide variants of its software to multi-national banks and brokers to enable charting on their trading platforms and customer portals.
LHV Pank is an Estonian banking and financial services company headquartered in Tallinn.
Oman Arab Bank SAOC is a bank in Oman.
RBL Bank Limited is a scheduled commercial bank, headquartered in the Kolhapur region of Maharashtra, India.
NewDay, formerly SAV Credit, is a financial services company specialising in providing credit products to consumers in the United Kingdom.
Under the HC2 brand with Philip Falcone as CEO, HC2 seeks to acquire and grow attractive businesses that generate sustainable free cash flow.
The Bank’s principal business areas are corporate banking, retail banking, investment banking and depositary services.
Founded in 1961, Jackson is headquartered in Lansing, Michigan.
It is licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
As of October 2016, NavyArmy has over $2.4 billion USD in assets, and over 146,000 members.
On 28 July 2010 it was reported that Pacific Equity Partners would acquire CIBC Mellon Trust Company's issuer services business.
Earlier charters have expired as banks were closed or acquired, raising U.S. Bank's charter number from #24 to #2.
It is located in South Bend, Indiana.
The wealth management professionals of Trevett Capital Partners can be reached through trevettcapitalpartners.com.
J.C. Bradford & Co. was a Nashville-based investment banking and brokerage firm founded by James Cowdon Bradford Sr. in 1927.
Banco de la República Oriental del Uruguay is a state-owned bank in Uruguay, founded in 1896 under the presidency of Juan Idiarte Borda.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the national banking regulator.
TFI Markets, better known as TFI, is a Europe-based global foreign exchange company with headquarters in Nicosia, Cyprus.
It is the 106th largest company in the world according to Forbes rankings  Its shares have a primary listing on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
The company was created when the two savings banks Sparebanken NOR and Gjensidige were merged in 1999.
Proton Bank was established in 2001 as Τράπεζα Επενδυτικών Δραστηριοτήτων Α.Ε.
On January 23, 1987, American Savings and Loan Association announced the formation of a separate subsidiary to conduct its operations.
American Capital had six offices in New York, Chicago, Annapolis, London, Paris with its home office in Bethesda, MD.
Its main service lines include mergers and acquisitions, capital markets, restructuring and distressed M&A, fairness opinions, valuations, and strategic consulting.
The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
In 2006, Amcorp's interest in AMMB was reduced to 18.8% from 32.9% after the Tan Sri Azman sold 300 million shares to ANZ Group.
Arbuthnot Latham & Co is a private bank based near Moorgate in the City of London.
Kaplan Financial Education is part of Kaplan University School of Professional and Continuing Education, based in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
AFFCU is the third largest credit union in Alabama with more than $1.3 billion in assets
The new bank had its headquarters in Oslo and was in existence until 1999 when it merged with Gjensidige to form Gjensidige NOR.
Bank PHB Group, also known as Platinum Habib Bank Group, was a financial services organization in West Africa and East Africa.
It is listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange
Credit Union SA is a South Australian Credit Union headquartered in Adelaide, with branches in metropolitan and Regional South Australia.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
iDealing is a European online securities brokerage, headquartered in London, England.
Besides providing core postal services, Gruppo Poste Italiane offers integrated products, such as postal savings, communication, logistics and financial services in Italy.
Spire Bank, formerly known as Equatorial Commercial Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
The company wholly owns Commercial Bank & Trust of PA under the Bank Holding Company Act.
An announcement of a tax reclaim from the German Tax authorities arrived a week after the bankruptcy filing.
Antonov was accused of fraud and misappropriation of US$290 million.
Reach Federal Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union for employees of Tyco International, TE Connectivity and Covidien.
Ecobank Nigeria Plc, commonly referred to as Ecobank Nigeria, is a commercial bank in Nigeria.
In February 2010, it was announced Hinduja Bank acquired Lugano-based Banca Commerciale Lugano.
Fubon Bank Limited有限公司) is a licensed bank incorporated in Hong Kong.
Arab Bank is a publicly held shareholding company listed on the Amman Stock Exchange.
The bank is one of the financial institutions licensed by the National Bank of Rwanda, the national banking regulator.
A culture clash and fight for control ensued at the newly combined investment banking units of what is now known as Banc of America Securities.
BNP Paribas Corporate and Institutional Banking is the global investment banking arm of BNP Paribas, the largest banking group in the world.
Member deposits up to $250,000 in Bethpage FCU are insured through the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund.
As of 2017, Deitch remains Chairman of the firm.
Hinduja Bank Ltd was founded as a finance company in 1978 and became a Swiss regulated bank in 1994.
It is now part of DnB NOR.
Anadolu Sigorta, established on April 1, 1925 by Atatürk, was the first national insurance company of Turkey.
Sberbank CIB is a multinational investment banking and asset management firm headquartered in Moscow, Russia, and a subsidiary of Sberbank.
MSUFCU is owned and operated by members of the Michigan State and Oakland University communities.
J&T invests mainly into the financial services, energy sector, real estate, health care, media and sports.
Encore Capital Group, Inc., and subsidiaries form the largest publicly traded debt buyer by revenue in the United States.
The company was a Joint Venture of BNP Paribas Personal Finance S.A. and Commerzbank AG.
The company has principal offices in New York; Los Angeles; Columbus, Ohio and Minneapolis, with satellite offices in other cities.
Lombard North Central, trading as Lombard, is a British-based finance company that specialise in asset based lending, founded in 1861.
TD Securities is a Canadian investment bank and financial services provider that offers advisory and capital market services to corporate, government, and institutional clients worldwide.
IDFC received a universal banking licence from the Reserve Bank of India in July 2015.
Korea Exchange Bank is a specialized foreign exchange bank in South Korea.
Most standard bank products are provided by the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.
In July 2016, the group announced the purchase of Fidor Bank, a Fintech challenger bank, operating in the UK and Germany.
Aargauische Kantonalbank is a cantonal bank based in Switzerland.
Warka Bank for Investment & Finance is an Iraqi commercial bank, with headquarters in Baghdad.
Its area of influence is located mainly at Catalonia.
It also helped develop the country's currency system and funded entrepreneurship.
The Bank is operating in 17 districts of Odisha State with its Head Office at Bolangir.
DIFC has its own independent, internationally regulated regulator and judicial system, common law framework, global financial exchange, tax-friendly regime, and a large, cosmopolitan business community.
Flowers II LP, closed in 2006 with $7.0 billion of committed capital.
Munich Re's shares are listed on all German stock exchanges and on the Xetra electronic trading system.
As of 31 December 2007, the bank had a total assets of €58.3 billion.
The Principal Financial Group is a global financial investment management leader headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa.
What followed has been described as "billions handed out in bad loans created a financial time-bomb".
It was established in 1951 and became Japan's first and largest credit company during the post-World War Japanese economic boom.
It handles direct business by telephone and the Internet.
Camco Financial Corporation, or Camco Financial, headquartered in Cambridge, Ohio, was a registered bank holding company under the law of Delaware.
Home Finance Company, commonly referred to as HFC Bank, is a commercial bank in Ghana.
The organization is a federally insured state-chartered credit union that is regulated by the National Credit Union Administration.
The Teachers Building Society is a British building society.
Wallace G. Webber retired after the business weathered a major financial crisis that hit the market in 1893.
In 2006, Bank Calumet merged with First Midwest expanding its presence in the northwest Indiana area.
Advium does real estate management including e.g.
The company is the world’s largest provider of Competition Management services and Program Services.
Until that time, any reference to Clariden Leu will be considered legally to be a reference to Credit Suisse.
The firm regularly works with household-name clients such as Google, Shake Shack, Whole Foods, and IBM.
It operated in seven districts of Kerala with the headquarters at Kannur, and had 222 branches as of 14 June 2013.
SBM Bank Limited, previously known as Fidelity Commercial Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
Mission Federal Credit Union is the largest locally-owned financial institution based in and exclusively serving San Diego County.
On 15 May 2013, bank announced that it has achieved the target of promised Rs 10 billion profit for the FY 2012–13.
The Espírito Santo Financial Group is a Portuguese holding company with headquarters in Luxembourg, founded in 1984.
This has significantly increased Barclays' presence in North America.
It was in 1930 when the name was shortened to Hanley Economic Building Society.
The Bank is operating in 9 districts of Jharkhand State with its Head Office at Dumka.
Between 2006 and 2012, a 15,32% stake was owned by Commerzbank.
Caja Madrid held a 52.6 percent controlling interest in the new company.
It also commissioned the Canada Life Building in Montreal.
Accountor is a pan-Nordic financial admin outsourcing and software company, which has headquarters in Helsinki.
Besides more than 2 dozens of bank's branches are running in Losses, they provides continue services to the general public because it is the government bank.
S-Bank is the first so-called supermarket bank in Finland.
Relational Investors is an activist investment fund based in San Diego, California.
LankaClear is the largest payments infrastructure provider in Sri Lanka.
ING Belgium is the Belgian subsidiary of the ING Group, an international banking company.
Attijariwafa Bank is the leading bank in Morocco and is part of king Mohammed VI's holding company the SNI.
UNIQA Group AUSTRIA is the biggest stakeholder of SIGAL UNIQA Group AUSTRIA as it holds 68.64% of shares.
The bank was created by Decree no.
Banesto was a Spanish bank, 88.4% owned by the Santander Group.
The Cassatt name was dropped in 1940 when the newly combined firm acquired New Orleans-based Fenner & Beane.
The bank was declared insolvent in February 2015.
First Investment Bank or Fibank, founded on 8 October 1993, is currently the third largest Bulgarian bank.
The firm connects clients with experts through various services such as one-on-one call consultations, hosted webinar events, and industry surveys.
Real Matters has been ranked among the top 25 fastest growing technology companies in North America for five consecutive years.
It is licensed by the Bank of Uganda, the central bank and national banking regulator.
As of 2015, the institution has $240 million in assets, 83 full- and 12 part-time employees, and 27,000 members.
Downer & Co. completed its previously announced merger with N+1, a global investment bank and asset management firm headquartered in Madrid, Spain.
Banca Finnat is a company that provides investment services to institutional, private and corporate customers; it is listed on the Italian Stock Exchange.
The Federal National Mortgage Association, commonly known as Fannie Mae, is a United States government-sponsored enterprise and, since 1968, a publicly traded company.
The State of New Hampshire Banking Department awarded Triangle Credit Union with a state chartered community credit union status on January 1, 1997.
The bank was acquired by Washington Mutual in 1997 for $6.8 billion.
The bank has grown to more than $1.2 billion in assets with 27 full-service branches throughout Idaho.
NCG Banco, S.A. is a financial institution founded in Galicia on September 14, 2011, as a result of Novacaixagalicia banking activity spin-off.
Australian operations make up the largest part of ANZ's business, with commercial and retail banking dominating.
Intercontinental Bank is one of the twenty-four commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria, the country's banking regulator.
The company also won "Best Online Broker" in 2012, 2013, 2015, 2016 and ranked #2 in 2011 and 2014, as ranked by The Globe and Mail.
CEO Anthony Constantinou was convicted in 2016 of sexual assault and sentenced to serve 12 months in jail.
It started as the UK’s first fully digital bank in 1999, offering full-service current accounts, savings, ISAs, investments and credit cards.
Admiral, a trading name of EUI Limited, is a car insurance specialist founded in January 1993.
Spokane Teachers Credit Union is a credit union chartered in the state of Washington and Bonner County and Kootenai County in Idaho.
Standard Chartered Uganda, whose official name is Standard Chartered Bank Uganda Limited but is often referred to as Stanchart Uganda, is a commercial bank in Uganda.
The agency was founded in 1990 and is located in Mo i Rana.
Inputs, transformation processes, and outputs involve the acquisition and consumption of resources – money, labour, materials, equipment, buildings, land, administration and management.
Farmers and Merchants Bank of Western Pennsylvania was a local bank in Kittanning, Pennsylvania, United States.
As of 30 September 2012, BII is 97.29% owned by Malayan Banking Berhad, Malaysia's largest financial group.
Ripley has 52 stores, with 39 in Chile and 13 in Peru.
It is headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
It has become SA’s 5th largest – and largest non-bank – mortgage provider.
Itaú CorpBanca is the third largest commercial bank in Chile, the bank is owned by Itaú Unibanco, the largest bank in Latin America by assets.
Citizens Equity First Credit Union is a federally insured credit union based in Peoria, Illinois, commonly referred to by its registered trademark, CEFCU.
The Indonesian Bank Restructuring Agency took over control of the bank in 1998.Somehow full recovery was accomplished later in the same year.
Bank M is a commercial bank in Tanzania.
Eventually, Salomon was acquired by Travelers Group in 1998; and, following the latter's merger with Citicorp that same year, Salomon became part of Citigroup.
The bank offers a comprehensive range of investment banking services, including brokerage services and corporate finance advice.
It has long been recognized in the industry for its franchise model through which it helps budding investors to set up partnership businesses.
It is one of 24 companies included in the CROBEX share index.
The firm provides Investment banking, Portfolio management, Margin loans and Securities research services to its clients, which include both corporations and individuals.
The head office remained in Hamilton until 1900, when the new president George Cox moved it to Toronto.
Shortly after, the bank was also granted brokerage license and custody license to broaden its activities.
London Life was founded in London, Ontario in 1874, and remains headquartered there.
Exodus Savings and Credit Cooperative Society Limited, also referred to as Exodus Sacco, is a savings and credit co-operative society in Uganda.
It is one of the regulated banking institutions licensed by the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, the national banking regulator.
As of 2016, MIDFLORIDA has 43 locations throughout the state of Florida.
The banks main market is Møre og Romsdal.
It has been listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand since 23 December 1983.
The Williams & Glyn unit has approximately 250,000 small business customers, 1,200 medium business customers and 1.8 million personal banking customers.
It also includes reference fundamental market data such as economic statistics and corporate actions.
P&N Bank is also the membership sponsor of the Perth Wildcats.
CSA - Credit Solutions of America, Inc. was a debt settlement company based in Dallas, Texas.
It was established in 1991, and was originally named Investment Information and Credit Rating Agency of India Limited.
It is one of the oldest banks in India.
The company is ranked 232nd on the Fortune Global 500 list of the world's biggest corporations as of 2016.
The Commercial Bank of Qatar commonly known as Commercial Bank, is a private sector bank operating in Qatar since 1975.
SBI Capital Markets is an investment bank founded in August 1986.
General license for banking operations of Bank of Russia No.
Legal & General is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
The principal market of operation for the Citadele Group is the Baltic states.
As of 2005 it was the largest bank in Houston.
It is a lender that specialises in niche mortgage products targeted at first-time buyers and students.
Unity Bank, also known as Unity Bank plc, is a commercial bank in Nigeria.
Proxicom, Inc. was an interactive agency that developed custom-tailored interactive and web-enabled solutions for Global 1000 organizations.
Its head office is situated at Zug, Switzerland.
Kotak Securities was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Mumbai, India.
Marathon Capital specializes in the sale and financing of companies, portfolios and assets within these markets.
Alfa Bank is particularly active in Russia and Ukraine, ranking among top 10 largest banks in terms of capital in both countries.
The company's products include a PIN-based credit card, online person-to-person payments service with a linked stored value card, and gift card.
PrivatBank has its headquarters in Dnipro, in central Ukraine.
MF could not repay these monies with its own funds.
Del-One is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Dover, Delaware and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration.
PayAnywhere Storefront is a free touchscreen tablet and stand with a built-in credit card reader meant to replace traditional terminals in stores.
The Gibraltar International Bank is the national bank of Gibraltar.
Rupali Bank is a state owned commercial bank in Bangladesh.
At the time, it was the 33rd largest bank in the United States, and its federal seizure bailout was the second largest on record.
Seven Bank began accepting foreign-issued ATM and credit cards in June 2007.
It has been operated for 15 years with 700 telesales agents under supervision of the Office of Insurance Commission Thailand.
It wholly owns Community West Bank under the Bank Holding Company Act.
It provides institutional research services to institutional clients and investment partnerships.
& Co., and was renamed Timber Hill Inc. in 1982.
It was founded in Edmonton, Alberta in 1982, and by 2010 it had 412 stores across Canada with an additional 53 franchised stores.
As of October 2016, the Bank has above 1,000,000 accountholders, more than 200 branch network and has greater than 1,800 agents spread throughout the country.
S-Bank Ltd is the bank of the S-Group, a Finnish retailing cooperative organisation.
The head-office of its advisory services is registered in London, United Kingdom, and it has primary operations in Asia-Pacific, Continental Europe and Latin America.
IIB has a major network of regional and global correspondents, inclusive of:
The International Bank of Azerbaijan is a global financial institution serving consumers, pensioners, small businesses, multi-national corporations and investors.
Kaupthing Bank was a major international Icelandic bank, headquartered in Reykjavík, Iceland.
Allianz Life offers various products, including fixed and variable annuities and life insurance.
Voya's predecessors had first entered the U.S. market in the 1970s.
Previously, all its acquired banks had retained their original names, keeping with Tompkins's promise of local control.
It has subsidiaries like Peerless Hospital, Bengal Peerless, Kaizen Holidays, Peerless Hotels, and Peerless Securities.
It was founded in 1969 by Raymond Earl Friedman as Ray E. Friedman and Co.
FirstMerit provided a range of banking and other financial services to consumers and businesses.
Sarmayeh Bank is a major Iranian banking establishment offering retail, commercial and investment banking services.
First Northern Bank is a community bank with headquarters in Dixon, California, United States founded in 1910.
Under a terminological distinction promoted by Peter T. Daniels, an "alphabet" is a script that represents both vowels and consonants as letters equally.
As of December 31, 2012, the Company had $532.101 million in total assets, $53.049 million in total stockholders' equity and $434.220 million in deposits.
Safeway was founded in 1959 by William J. Parrillo and is currently headquartered in Westmont, Illinois in the United States.
LeapFrog owns significant stakes in companies in Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, South Africa, Thailand, Indonesia and India.
In 2006 RobecoSAM introduced a division called sustainability services that provides sustainability benchmarking reports to companies.
It is the parent company of First Tennessee Bank, FTN Financial, FTB Advisors, Inc., and a host of other insurance and financial services companies.
APS Bank holds two subsidiaries, namely APS Consult Ltd and APS Funds Sicav plc.
The bank offers a range of corporate finance services including securitization, project and structured trade finance, syndication, and advisory.
Wazalendo Savings and Credit Cooperative Society, also referred to as Wazalendo Sacco, is a savings and credit co-operative society in Uganda.
The company has developed the Xpertdoc Customer Communications Management solution, which provides capabilities for creating, editing, assembling, reviewing, producing, distributing, signing and archiving of client documents.
The tribunal, which may occur before a judge, jury, or other designated trier of fact, aims to achieve a resolution to their dispute.
The business demutualised in 1997 when it was floated on the London Stock Exchange.
The Company was established in the United Arab Emirates in 1979 and has operations in the UAE and Saudi Arabia.
It offers automated teller machines, point of sale services, credit/debit card services, and other electronic financial services.
Skandia pioneered the "MultiManager" approach, which has now been adopted by most life insurance providers.
On Monday the 7th August 2017, Tandem Bank Limited announced a deal to acquire 100% of Harrods Bank Limited shares.
Clients with a higher turnover are usually served by the Top Corporations divisions, which are located in Prague, Brno and Bratislava.
The Society was started by Vincent Byrne and the Hon.
Privredna banka Zagreb or PBZ is the second largest bank in Croatia, owned by Intesa Sanpaolo group of Italy.
They operate 25 branch locations in Michigan, 2 in Minnesota and 1 in Pennsylvania.
Canaccord Genuity provides mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance, restructuring, debt advisory and strategic advice for corporate, government and private equity clients globally.
With assets of £8bn it is the largest building society in Wales and the sixth largest in the United Kingdom.
As of November 2015, Westpac has 13.1 million customers, and is Australia's largest branch network, with 1429 branches and a network of 3850 ATMs.
Fishwick also wrote a book by the same title describing what the venture has entailed.
About young people drowning in debt, Paris was quoted on 60 Minutes as saying, "They're not going to be able to afford kids.
It is the first Islamic bank to have incorporated the principles of Islam in all its practices and is the largest Islamic bank in the UAE.
DNB's head office is located in Oslo.
In 2004, SunTec became the world's first CMM Level 5 billing company.
Peerless Group is an Indian business conglomerate with its headquarters located at Kolkata, West Bengal.
The real estate agent Fokus Krogsveen AS, branded as Krogsveen.
Prior to its merger, the bank was the third largest in Switzerland with over CHF300  billion of assets and CHF11.7 billion of equity.
It is quoted on the Bolsa de Madrid and forms part of the IBEX 35.
Following a course of expansion, the Bank of valence purchased in 1997 the Bank of Murcia, although the merger occurred in 2002.
Pirum's client base includes over 100 financial institutions including investment banks, asset managers, pension funds, insurance companies and Agent Lenders.
Abhyudaya Co-operative Bank Ltd is an urban multi-state Cooperative banking institution based in Maharashtra, India and operating as a co-operative bank since 1965.
Ally is one of the top auto lenders in the U.S. by volume and is on the list of largest banks in the United States.
The bank was merged with State Bank of India on 31 March 2017.
Marshall is joined at the bank by his son Barry Sloane, President and CEO and his daughter Linda Sloane Kay, Executive Vice President.
The bank's license was revoked by government authorities in March 2005 following a money laundering investigation.
More than 40 financial professionals publish bylined articles on Minyanville; the company also provides subscription publications with market-specific analysis.
The former owner of the bank, Fondazione Carisbo, still held 2.023% shares of Intesa Sanpaolo as of 31 December 2013.
41% of the Company's shares, while Sampoerna Capital PTE, a Singapore-based company, holds approximately 21% of the Company's shares.
ICRA Limited is an Indian independent and professional investment information and credit rating agency.
Boost ETP is the first asset management firm in Europe to offer 3x leveraged ETPs and 3x short ETPs.
Sushil Finance’s expertise lies in comprehensive market research and has more than 50 research products under its brand.
Prometey Bank is an Armenian commercial bank, which is headquartered in Yerevan.
In 2013, The Banker magazine rated BPI as among the top "1000 banks in the world", ranking 257th overall.
The other major shareholders are Shlomo Eliyahu and Branea Invest, which each hold 10% of the stock, constituting the control core of the bank.
NBAD’s Head Office is 1 NBAD Tower in Abu Dhabi, UAE.
Ultimate supervision of ZKB is the responsibility of the Cantonal Council of Zurich, whose duties are laid down in Zurich's Cantonal Bank Act.
FNB is also listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange under the symbol FNBB and is a constituent of the BSE Domestic Company Index.
It is regulated by the Capital Markets Authority.
Cassa di Risparmio di Fabriano e Cupramontana S.p.A known as Carifac, is a former Italian regional retail bank.
BPE, founded in 1979, was the private equity division of Barclays Capital, the investment banking arm of Barclays plc.
Ford Motor Credit Company LLC, d/b/a Ford Credit, is the financial services arm of Ford Motor Company, and is headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan.
HKEx also owns the London Metal Exchange, which has a dominant global position in base metals trading.
In addition to acting as intermediaries, sōgō shōsha also engage in logistics, plant development and other services, as well as international resource exploration.
The Government Pension Investment Fund has been established on the following investment principles:
However, after bail-out by Atlante, the private equity fund owned 99.33% as at mid-2016.
Harris Williams operates as a subsidiary of PNC Financial Services.
The bank is serving clients in 9 countries, namely Hungary, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Serbia, Romania, Croatia, Ukraine, Montenegro and Russia.
Orc is a concurrent, nondeterministic computer programming language created by Jayadev Misra at the University of Texas at Austin.
BBCN Bancorp, Inc. is a holding company for BBCN Bank.
Its products and operations are supervised by a Shari’a board, which ensures the Bank adheres to Islamic banking and finance principles.
Temenos Group AG is a company specialising in software for financial services, with its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland.
The State government also set up a fund of ₹5 billion to ensure that low-income investors were not bankrupted.
According to The Banker, Halkbank was in 2011 awarded the title of "Best Bank of the Year in Turkmenistan".
Prior to a 2017 restructuring, it was called SNS Bank, which remains its major brand name.
He had initially been acquitted in 2002, but the government appealed, and reversed the acquittal.
The company handles 45% of all US credit and debit transactions, including handling prepaid gift card processing for many US brands such as Starbucks.
The group has acted as bank executives during André dos Santos Esteves' management, a former BTG Pactual controller and CEO.
Its products include life insurance, disability income, and long-term care insurance; annuities; investments; and investment advisory products and services.
C2FO posted its first $1 billion quarter in the fourth quarter of 2013.
Dollar Bank is the largest independent mutual bank in the nation as of March 2016.
Paramount Universal Bank Limited,commonly referred to as Paramount Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya.
Hand Building on 20th Street North in downtown Birmingham, which is named after former AmSouth Bancorporation president John A.
Poste italiane SpA is an Italian postal services provider.
The bank also owned Morton Capital Management and RE Wacker & Associates and was headquartered in Santa Barbara, California prior to its acquisition.
Investments in African continent are directed in mining, food industry and development.
It has 650 employees including 450 investment bankers.
JS Group is a financial services group in Pakistan, founded in 1971 by Jahangir Siddiqui.
It had about HK$14.9 billion in shareholders’ equity as of 31 December 2014.
Aegon N.V. is a multinational life insurance, pensions and asset management company headquartered in The Hague, Netherlands.
It is one of the largest life insurance companies in the world, and also one of the oldest with a history spanning back to 1865.
In January 2009, there are 234 pavilions in Canada.
The Group employs 19,239 people, while the entire branch network numbers 931 units, with a presence in 8 countries including Greece.
It is Japan's largest financial group and the world's second largest bank holding company holding around US$1.8 trillion in deposits as of March 2011.
VyStar Credit Union, based in Jacksonville, FL, is the 19th largest credit unions in the nation, serving more than 540,000 members worldwide.
Assets under management amounts to SEK 110 billion and the number of employees is approximately 900 as of 3 September 2010.
The bank had two major subsidiaries, Banca Nuova, operated mainly in Sicily and Calabria, as well as FarBanca, a bank for pharmacist.
Colonial Bank had 346 branches in the states of Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Nevada and Texas.
Various divisions operate out of San Francisco, New York, Toronto, London, Baltimore, Zurich, Calgary, Montreal, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Denver, and Portland.
The company is regulated and licensed by the Central Bank of the UAE.
Its primary businesses are retail banking, direct banking, commercial banking, investment banking, asset management, and insurance services.
Superior was founded in 1997 as The Banc Corporation.
At the 2012 Bell Awards of the Philippine Stock Exchange, China Bank was named as one of the best-governed companies in the Philippines.
First West Credit Union is the third-largest credit union in British Columbia by asset size following Vancity and Coast Capital Savings.
The bank was founded in 1919 and was listed on the stock exchange in 1942.
Madhyanchal Gramin Bank is a regional rural bank in India.
of India, State Bank of India and Govt.
Access Bank is presently one of the five largest banks in Nigeria in terms of assets, loans, deposits and branch network.
Alaska USA provides deposit accounts, consumer loans, credit cards, 24/7 support, and online and mobile account management.
SEI manages, advises or administers $809 billion in hedge funds, private equity, mutual funds and other managed assets.
This credit union is federally insured by the National Credit Union Administration.
As of May 2015 the bank has operations across the country with 88 branches and 45 ATM booths.
World Financial Group associates are compensated by selling financial services products and receiving commission overrides from people that agents sponsor into the company.
Seven Bank, Ltd. is a Japanese bank.
Nabil Bank Limited is a commercial bank in Nepal.
It is a global leader in food and agriculture financing and sustainability-oriented banking.
Jamuna Bank has 112 branches as of December, 2016.
First National Bank) is one of South Africa's "big four" banks.
The principal shareholders as of March 2005 were The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd. and Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company.
The controlling interest in the company is held by Ceylon Theatres PLC.
In 1971, Amherst, Hampshire, Mount Holyoke, and Smith Colleges were added to our field of membership.
40 of Investment Corporation of Bangladesh Ordinance, 1976.
By year end 2014, the company had €246 billion of assets under management.
Svatantra, which means independent in Sanskrit, received a licence for the microfinance business, from the Reserve Bank of India in February, 2013.
The Highway is among the most popular music channels on satellite radio.
In 2002, Piraeus Bank acquired the Hellenic Industrial Development Bank which was absorbed in December 2003.
Banca Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze S.p.A. known as Banca CR Firenze, is an Italian bank.
In 1971, Bank Leumi acquired which serves mainly the Arab Citizens of Israel in the north of the country.
Israel Discount Bank Ltd. is one of Israel's three largest banks, with 260 branches, around 5,700 staff, and assets of ₪185 billion.
The company also owns a specialist financial publishing business in London called AJ Bell Media, as well as a stockbroking business with offices in Tunbridge Wells.
Panic rush forced the bank to seek assistance from the Indonesian government.
The company is owned by private equity firms TA Associates and Reverence Capital Partners.
United Capital Financial Advisers, LLC is a national financial management firm headquartered in Newport Beach, California.
Banco Nacional Ultramarino was a Portuguese bank with operations throughout the world, especially in Portugal's former overseas provinces.
The organisation provides complete and affordable financial and non-financial solutions to rural women who are entrepreneurs themselves.
As of January 1, 2015 Goldenwest serves over 100,000 members, holds over $1 billion in assets, and operates 26 branches throughout Utah.
The Group's headquarters are located in Nairobi, Kenya, with subsidiaries in Kenya, Rwanda and Uganda.
Rasheed Bank is the second largest Iraqi bank, with 162 inside Iraq.
However, It was taken down from Tehran Stock Exchange late 2015 as it was fully privatized by the Eghtesad Family.
NIBC Bank N.V. is a commercial bank in the Netherlands.
Cavendish Corporate Finance LLP, commonly referred to as Cavendish, is an independent firm advising exclusively on sell side M&A.
It is responsible for the establishment of multiple products and services in the Philippine blockchain and bitcoin industry.
An electronic version was added in 2002. i Capital is renowned for its critical writing and independent viewpoint, which often sees it argue against prevailing viewpoints.
The bank won Land Bank's award for Most Outstanding Countryside Financial Institution for calendar year 2008, beating 388 other banks nationwide.
Cham Bank is the first Islamic bank to be established in Syria.
Corpbank was a universal bank, serving both as a traditional commercial bank, as well as an investment bank.
In 2007, it merged with FNB Southeast to form NewBridge Bank.
Indo-Zambia Bank, whose full name is Indo-Zambia Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Zambia.
The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the Alternative Investment Market.
Since 2013 September the MagNet Bank standardised the Debit MasterCard.
Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd, generally known as Swiss Re, is a reinsurance company based in Zurich, Switzerland.
M&T is ranked #455 on the Fortune 500 and is on the list of largest banks in the United States.
The group still has other investments and companies overseas whose operations may not be interrupted by this closure.
Ageas is a Belgian multinational insurance company co-headquartered in Brussels.
Currencies Direct Ltd is a UK-based foreign exchange broker and international payment provider.
However, as the national economy grew, more and more people found a need to save for the future.
As of December 2014, total assets amount to €681 billion with a net profit of €1.8 billion.
He ended his second term as governor on January 5, 1987, having held the office for 10 years.
It raises financial resources for expansion and running through capital markets and other borrowings.
The bank’s main market is the area surrounding Sognefjorden.
Astra International is an Indonesian conglomerate company, founded in 1957 basing on a small trading business operated by brothers Tjia Kian Tie and William Soeryadjaya.
Principal affiliates included: FirstMerit Bank, N.A., and FirstMerit Mortgage Corporation.
Bank Alfalah Limited is a private bank in Pakistan owned by the Abu Dhabi Group.
Herstatt Bank was a privately owned bank in the German city of Cologne.
With more than $5 billion in assets, it is the 26th largest credit union in the country  and the 6th largest in California.
It is insured by the Deposit Insurance Corporation of Ontario.
Baird’s principal operating subsidiary outside the United States is Robert W. Baird Group Ltd. in Europe.
Founded in 1941, it is now the largest credit union, by total assets, in the province of Manitoba and the seventh largest in the country.
Source UK Services Ltd., or simply Source, is a specialist British-based provider of exchange-traded funds and exchange-traded commodities.
Kolkata-headquartered Bandhan is the first bank to be set up in eastern part of India after Independence.
South Carolina Federal is the largest, oldest, locally-owned financial institution in the Charleston tri-county area.
As of 2009, it operated approximately thirty-nine branches.
It was founded in 1941 as Hyderabad State Bank.
While commonly known as CIBC Mellon, the company comprises two sister companies, CIBC Mellon Trust Company and CIBC Mellon Global Securities Services Company.
Whether it is meaningful for an axiom, or any mathematical statement, to be "true" is an open question in the philosophy of mathematics.
Therefore, Bangladesh is the pioneer in introducing migrants sponsored banking system.
Chase Manhattan Bank was formed by the merger of the Chase National Bank and The Manhattan Company in 1955.
As of 2010, AFCU had over $820 million in assets, approximately 85,000 members, and 13 branch locations.
The bank is a sister company of the former Olympic Construction Group which is renamed as Shwe Taung Group in 2004 after the banking scandal.
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. is the oldest and one of the largest private banks in the United States.
It is the 14th largest in the United Kingdom based on total assets of £1,128 million at 31 December 2015.
By the end of December 2005, Pravex Bank ran 406 offices scattered all over the country.
In Pakistan its now merged with and into MCB bank .
On January 16, 2015, Alpha Bank requested Emergency Liquidity Assistance from the Bank of Greece.
American River Bank which offers both personal and business financial services and is a wholly owned subsidiary of American River Bankshares.
BNC Bank is a bank based in High Point, North Carolina, United States.
MyBank Limited was a bank located in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan until its merger with Summit Bank in July 2011.
The RiverBank was a bank offering banking, insurance and investment services.
Stewart Information Services Corporation is a customer-driven, technology-enabled, and strategically competitive real estate information, title insurance and transaction management company.
Approximately 400 clients in 25 different countries use software developed by Numerix for risk analysis.
The funds are offered to investors in Germany and Austria via banks and free agents.
Chief Executive Piet Moerland resigned immediately as a result.
Credit unions operate alongside other mutuals and cooperatives engaging in cooperative banking, such as building societies.
SHUAA Capital, is a Dubai-based financial services provider.
It is also the 156th largest credit union in the nation.
It was formerly, together with Fortis Bank Nederland, the banking arm of the financial institution Fortis.
On February 4, 1807, the Delaware state legislature passed legislation allowing the Farmers' Bank to incorporate and issue $500,000 in ten thousand shares of $50 each.
Aviva is also the second largest general insurer in Canada.
The majority of its operations consist of financial services and private wealth management.
In the Azerbaijani language, it is called Beynəlxalq Sığorta Şirkətinin.
KBW's research analysts cover more than 600 companies in the financial services industry globally.
Société Générale is France's third largest bank by total assets, sixth largest in Europe or seventeenth by market capitalization.
The firm was founded on March 24, 1868.
In 1999, ICICI become the first Indian company and the first bank or financial institution from non-Japan Asia to be listed on the NYSE.
In 2016 it was announced that the bank would be merged with Banca Popolare di Milano.
By asset size, Vancity is the largest community credit union in Canada, with $19.8 billion in assets, 59 branches and more than 519,000 members.
Earlier this year, Woori achieved one of its long-awaited overseas operation goals ― Indonesia’s central bank approved Woori’s acquisition of a 33-percent stake in Bank Saudara.
Aichi Bank is a Japanese bank, listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and Nagoya Stock Exchange.
Increase the number of environmentally friendly and universally designed dwellings and residential areas.
U.S. Bancorp operates under the second-oldest continuous national charter, originally Charter #24, granted in 1863 following the passage of the National Bank Act.
Its head offices are in Ty Admiral, David Street, Cardiff, Wales.
is a full-service, nationally chartered bank, with a presence in twelve U.S. states.
The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
In addition to that IBBL maintains its own 497 ATM Booths, 33 IDM along with 6,000 shared ATM network across the country.
In general, a non-logical axiom is not a self-evident truth, but rather a formal logical expression used in deduction to build a mathematical theory.
Bridgeway Capital Management Inc. is a U.S. quantitative investment management firm that employs several multi-factor proprietary statistical models to assemble its investment portfolios.
Following a failed stock market listing in June 2016 it was taken over by a bail-out fund, Atlante.
Today, it is an international banking group with offices in Frankfurt, London, Madrid, Moscow, New York and Paris.
SG Hambros provides private banking services including investment management, wealth planning and fiduciary services and on-line banking.
Bank Asya has also become the largest participation bank in Turkey.
Bay View Bank was a San Mateo, California, based bank which, at its height, operated 58 branches across the San Francisco Bay Area.
It specialises in credit cards, home collected credit, online loans and consumer car finance.
LatinFinance is a provider of financial markets intelligence on Latin America and the Caribbean.
Swansea Building Society benefited from the Icelandic financial crisis in 2009, as local savers looked to invest in a safer institution.
Its consolidated capital exceeds AZN 65 million as calculated in accordance with the international standards.
Its wholly owned subsidiary of Czech Komerční banka, a member of the Group Société Générale.
As of 31.12.2015, total assets of Anadolubank is TL 10.9 billion.
Bryn Mawr Trust offers various deposit products, such as noninterest-bearing demand deposits, savings, time deposits, NOW Accounts, and market rate accounts.
Its head office was in Bournemouth and its administration centre in Wolverhampton.
It was also awarded the Best Wealth Management House in the Philippines by The Asset Magazine in 2011.
Saving Bank marked its first anniversary with profit.
1 Global M&A Fairness Opinion Advisor, and the No.
Bank Respublika is a private commercial bank established on May 22, 1992 based on a license issued by the National Bank of Azerbaijan Republic.
The Cumberland Building Society was established on 16 April 1850 as the Cumberland Co-operative Land and Benefit Building Society.
Membership is open to those "live, work, worship, or attend school" in Washington state, or either Bonner or Kootenai counties in Idaho.
Oman Arab Bank further expanded in 1992 by acquiring Omani European Bank.
They started operations in Peru in 1961, when they installed a factory of matches, a product in which they are a world leader.
Natixis provide financial data for the 'Markets' section on the news channel, Euronews.
Meanwhile upon completion of the amount of the offering shares, subscription will be discontinued.
It was the first bank in Germany that operated with an ethical philosophy.
Sagicor Financial Corporation, traded as BSE: SFC LSE: SFI, is a financial services conglomerate operating in Latin America and the Caribbean region.
The Bank of Madras was one of the three Presidency Banks of British India, along with the Bank of Bengal and the Bank of Bombay.
Carnegie Investment Bank AB is a Swedish financial services group with activities in securities brokerage, investment banking, asset management and private banking.
The International Bank of Azerbaijan owns 100 percent of AzeriCard.
After its transformation, from 1966 the bank existed under a new name: Commercial Bank of Niksic.
is the only Community bank in Hungary that practises ethical banking.
Through its financial services subsidiaries, the company provides investment agreements, interest rate swaps, investment advisory and cash management services, primarily to states, municipalities and their authorities.
The bank manages Al Hilal Global Balanced Fund, the Global Sukuk Fund and the GCC Equity Fund.
As for restructuring mandates, Canaccord Genuity advised Yellow Media on its $2.7 billion debt recapitalization in 2012.
Following public policy, KDB facilitates the management normalization of troubled companies through corporate restructuring and consulting services, and provides capital for strategic regional development projects.
eQ Bank Abp, founded in 1998, is a Finnish bank specialising in internet brokerage and asset management for retail clients.
Tokai Tokyo Financial Holdings, Inc. is a Japanese financial services holding company headquartered in Chūō, Tokyo.
Greater Bank is an Australian customer-owned bank and mutual financial institution headquartered in Hamilton, New South Wales.
KLP also owns 20% of Kommunalbanken that grants loans to municipalities and counties.
Blogs and trade-sharing tools make up the social aspect of the WhoTrades website.
The team targets growth-stage companies with investments ranging from $20 million to $50 million with the capacity for even larger transactions.
The business of Alliance & Leicester International transferred to Santander UK's Isle of Man branch on 7 May 2013.
The bank is independent from foreign shareholders.
Lloyds' has extensive overseas operations in the US, Europe, the Middle East and Asia.
Revenues slipped by 16% versus the prior year.
Zurich is a global insurance company which is organized into three core business segments: General Insurance, Global Life and Farmers.
It is a subsidiary of the British multinational financial conglomerate headquartered in London, United Kingdom, known as Standard Chartered.
The company focuses on offering professional liability and construction insurance, as well as group and retiree benefits programs for individuals, professionals, organizations, and businesses.
Telhio is registered as a state-chartered type credit union and is the fifth largest credit union in Central Ohio.
This claim that Halsey was a major IPO player is factually incorrect, Halsey Stuart was not involved in significant equity trades or IPO's.
As a non-bank home finance provider, SAHL pioneered new practices in SA for raising funding from the markets to fund its loan portfolios.
Exhilway private capital market or Exhilway Link is an India-based crowdfunding platform.
Financial Technologies Limited is an Indian financial services company, formed in 1988.
All the non-Icelandic assets and debts remained with the now defunct Kaupthing Bank.
The company does not franchise any of its branches and employs approximately 2,000 people.
In 1990, American Savings Bank acquired First Nationwide Bank’s operations.
The 1971 acquisition of Kauai Savings and Loan added four branches.
It is listed on the Fortune Global 500.
The Bank’s shares are listed and actively traded in the Nepal Stock Exchange.
Virtu Financial is one of the largest high-frequency trading and market making firms.
Lake Trust Credit Union is a community-based credit union headquartered in Brighton, Michigan.
XE.com is a Canadian-based online foreign exchange tools and services company headquartered in Newmarket, Ontario.
In 2007, Libro was awarded "Business of the Year" by the London Chamber of Commerce.
The Nainital Bank Limited is a scheduled commercial bank founded in 1922.
In 2006, The bank had an initial capital assessment of $250 million.
The first president was John William Woolsey.
In 2008, it reported a profit of €201 million.
The company's primary business is originating, servicing, and collecting private education loans.
MoneyGram businesses are divided into two categories: Global Funds Transfers and Financial Paper Products.
The company was the first major firm with a business model that consisted of purchasing a number of money management firms.
They compare quotes from their insurance panel, which includes Ageas, Aviva, AXA, Chaucer, Equity Red Star, LV, NIG and Provident.
Allianz SE is a German financial services company headquartered in Munich, Germany.
It finally merged with its parent bank on 31 March 2017.
It acquired Urban Bank in 2001 after the former collapsed due to its closure by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas.
TM Capital was established in 1989 in New York City when its founding partners acquired the investment banking division of Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc.
IMB offers home loans, personal loans, savings and transaction accounts, term deposits, business banking, financial planning and a range of insurance products.
The Engage Foundation is a charity owned by Nathan J. Reis, the Entrust Bankcard CEO.
It serves about 6 million customers in 2000 branches in France.
A supplementary charter on January 22, 1813, added a branch in Wilmington.
Vancouver City Savings Credit Union, commonly referred to as Vancity, is a member-owned financial co-operative headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia.
LCH is a European-based independent clearing house that serves major international exchanges, as well as a range of OTC markets.
MFTB also manages Burma's official foreign currency reserves.
The bank was merged with Kleinwort Benson in November 2016 to form Kleinwort Hambros.
Highlighting this growing trend, in 2009 China became Brazil's largest trading partner and has growing trade relationships with many countries of the region.
XE.com has over 275 million unique visitors each year.
The bank’s Pennsylvania headquarters is located in downtown Pittsburgh and Ohio headquarters is located in downtown Cleveland.
The Bank has a distribution network of 43 branches and over 260 banking outlets located throughout the Russian Federation.
Scott's career began at Merrill Lynch where he remained for sixteen years, ending it as a Managing Director within the private equity group.
On Sept, 28, 2010, The South Financial Group shareholders approved the merger of the company with TD Bank Financial Group.
It was founded in 1990 by Simon Gevorgyan.
It runs the banking business with companies, institutional and private clients.
The group is present in Asia and the United States through strategic partnerships and alliances.
With over $2.5 billion CAD in assets under administration and nearly 80,000 members, First Calgary Financial is the second-largest credit union in Alberta.
Users can buy and sell stocks, options, commodities, indexes and currencies via web-based and desktop electronic trading platforms.
Unipol Gruppo Finanziario is an Italian financial services holding company operating in the insurance and banking fields with headquarters in the Unipol Tower, Bologna.
Community Bank is a commercial bank serving customers in Oregon and Washington.
It is owned by the North Rhine-Westphalia state and supports its structural policy.
Key's customer base spans retail, small business, corporate, and investment clients.
The company also manages the systems for the clearing of paper bank giro credits and euro cheques.
Interactive Brokers Group owns 40 percent of the futures exchange OneChicago, and is an equity partner and founder of the Boston Options Exchange.
The firm was not affiliated with any financial or investment institutions and did not have referral or financial arrangements with other brokers or dealers.
In 2015, it was the 5th largest credit card issuer by purchase volume, after American Express, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup.
The banks history can be traced back to 1883 with the establishment of Sandsvær Sparebank.
It began as a produce and exchange broker in the early 1870s.
The company also provides services in areas, such as investment objectives, asset allocation, investment management structures and guidelines, investment manager selection and evaluation, and performance monitoring.
Cassa di Risparmio di Biella e Vercelli S.p.A. known as BiverBanca, is an Italian saving bank based in Biella, Piedmont.
Its customers range from individuals to small businesses, nonprofits, foundations, and faith-based organizations.
However, the board of BCP rejected the proposal.
Verifone sells merchant-operated, consumer-facing and self-service payment systems to the financial, retail, hospitality, petroleum, government and healthcare industries.
The bank was established by the H.H.
The bank was absorbed into Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena in 2013.
The company provides loans to Central/ State Sector Power Utilities, State Electricity Boards, Rural Electric Cooperatives, NGOs and Private Power Developers.
Banca Cassa di Risparmio di Torino S.p.A. known as Banca CRT, or Caritorino, was an Italian regional bank based in Turin, Piedmont.
The Gores Group is a global private equity firm specializing in acquiring and partnering with mature and growing businesses.
Bache & Company was a securities firm that provided stock brokerage and investment banking services.
The bank supports its clients abroad via offices in some 80 countries of the parent bank BNP Paribas.
Ogone was a Belgium-based online payment service provider and payment risk management company that has been part of Ingenico since 2013.
While established in Tehran, the bank operates throughout the nation with 14 branches in Tehran and an additional 50 in the provinces.
The corporate office is located in Kitchener, Ontario.
Tropical Financial Credit Union is a member-owned credit union that was chartered in 1935 and is headquartered in Miramar, Florida.
The company is known for commissioning a number of emotional television commercials that have garnered global attention.
The credit union served only trade union members and was named Inland Empire Trades Credit Union.
It is licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria, the national banking regulator.
The name of the company is derived from the family names of its two founders Ivan Jakabovič and Patrik Tkáč.
Forcht Group of Kentucky is a group of companies principally owned by Terry E. Forcht, with corporate headquarters in Lexington, Kentucky and Corbin, Kentucky.
KB Group operates in the Czech Republic and also provides services to corporate clients in Slovakia.
Normal trading hours are Monday-Friday from 9am to 11:30am and 1:30pm to 3pm Beijing Time.
In 2013 the Eurobank Group acquired New TT Hellenic Postbank S.A..
Comerica Incorporated is a financial services company headquartered in Dallas, Texas.
The bank is currently the 64th largest company in Iran.
Indxx indices are currently used as benchmarks for exchange-traded funds, SMAs, and other financial products.
this company, is responsible for the central securities depository and settlement systems management in Portugal.
PJSC’s advisory assignments in 2013 included Office Depot's $1.1 billion merger with OfficeMax and Under Armour's $150 million acquisition of digital fitness technology company MapMyFitness.
BinckBank is an independent Dutch online discount broker.
Recently it has also opened a representative office at Nairobi in Kenya.
It has over 170,000 retail clients and more than 3,000 corporate clients.
The bank offers customers housing loans, car loans, and loans to finance education, as well as services to companies doing business internationally.
It focusses on low-income or bad-credit consumers, providing short term loans, pawnbroking and gold buying services.
Although, there is no law of CFD Derivatives in Nepal.
In the early 1990s, Banka Baltija was a leader in Latvian banking system.
The bank did a total business of INR 3.1 trillion during the FY 2012-13.
Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo was a Spanish savings bank in Alicante, Valencia.
of India, United Bank of India and Govt.
Founded in Andorra in 1930 Andbank is the oldest firm of private bankers in Andorra.
The Brokerage group at NBK Capital provides a full brokerage service which offers online, institutional, and personal brokerage services.
IMB is the longest standing building society in New South Wales, and the third largest building society in Australia in terms of assets under management.
Public confidence in BCA was fully restored, and BCA was released by IBRA to BI in 2001
Over the years, the product offering has expanding into collateral services and other areas that required automation.
UBS also received capital from the Swiss government, further complemented by a series of equity offerings in 2007, 2008, and 2009.
ADS London is owned by ADS Holding LLC, and works in partnership with ADS Securities LLC.
LaSalle Bank Corporation was the holding company for LaSalle Bank N.A.
BHW, incorporated as BHW Holding AG, is German bank providing terminating deposits and mortgage loans.
The bank currently has five branches throughout Miami-Dade County.
It is a 100% New Zealand owned registered bank that has retained a mutual building society structure.
HireRight Inc. is an American background screening company based in Irvine, California.
COUNTRY Financial is a group of US insurance and financial services companies serving customers in 19 states.
SHKFL has presence in Hong Kong, Macau and Mainland China.
Total business volume is 95,000 crore as on Mar 31, 2017.
Financo, Inc. is a New York-based boutique investment bank focused on the merchandising and retail sector, with offices also in Los Angeles and London.
Since 2008, Entrust Bankcard has gone from serving 800 customers to almost 4,000 by November 2010.
In 2007, Banco Santander participated along with Royal Bank of Scotland and Fortis in the acquisition of the Dutch financial conglomerate ABN AMRO.
On 29 March 2011 Friends Provident changed its trading name to Friends Life, although its registered name remains as Friends Provident.
The Indian Headquarters are at Bandra Kurla Complex, a hub for multinational corporations in Mumbai.
The company is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
On 31 December 1995 was merged with Credito Romagnolo to form Rolo Banca.
It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in June 2005 and the Shanghai Stock Exchange in May 2007.
Together, the KIND platform provides an end-to-end solution to close the loop between marijuana-related businesses and financial institutions.
Resona Holdings is headquartered in the Kiba area of Koto, Tokyo.
Currently, it has 19 branches and 2 divisions across the country.
TIM Group was known as YouDevise Limited before 2011.
According to the VNR500 ranking, Vietinbank is Vietnam's 13th largest company.
They operate throughout the United States except New York.
Founded as a Starr-Bowkett Society in the Newcastle suburb of Wickham on 2 February 1903, it was converted to a permanent building society in 1939.
"Sepah" is the poetic Persian rendering for "Army".
Bain Capital Ventures LLC is the venture capital division within Bain Capital, which has approximately $60 billion of assets under management worldwide.
It was acquired by Huntington Bancshares in August 2016.
The company focuses on specialist financing and alternative fund management.
Today, Unibank is the parent company of a group of subsidiaries each concentrating in a specific financial area:
On 1 January 2012 it merged with other Basque financial entities, Bilbao Bizkaia Kutxa and Caja Vital Kutxa, to form Kutxabank.
B&N Bank offers a wide range of corporate banking services, retail banking services and financial markets activities.
Romanov was the owner of Hearts and a board member of FBK Kaunas.
Sarasota Coastal Credit Union, was a state chartered credit union and was regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration.
The Money.Net product provides "access to real-time market data and trends for a sliver of what" traditional market data terminals cost.
EON Bank Berhad was a company listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia on 23 December 2002.
During the Seven Years' War, Seyler & Tillemann speculated heavily on currency debasement.
Bank of Commerce, also known as BankCom, Bancommerce and BoC, is a commercial bank and the 15th largest lender by asset in the Philippines.
APT claimed its then value to be more than $US100 million.
The company provided mirror trading services to its clients that allowed them to make trading decisions based on other traders actions.
The firm was founded in 2009 by Erik Bethel Gonzalez, Luis Gomez-Cobo, Rafael Valdez Mingramm and Jorge Barreda Cruz.
The Banks are composed of Banco Exterior, Banco Internacional, EBNA Bank, Interbanco, International Finance Bank and BanBif.
ON 12 September 2005, ABN AMRO consolidated its U.S. commercial banking operations under the LaSalle Bank name.
An umbrella may also be called a brolly, parapluie, rainshade, gamp, or bumbershoot.
Internationally, the company has stakes in Dubai-based International General Insurance, National Finance House in Bahrain, and Budva Beach Properties in Montenegro.
In 2009, Caisse des Dépots, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, KfW and European Investment Bank founded the Long-Term Investors Club.
Through its subsidiary ScotiaMocatta, it is a member of the London Bullion Market Association and one of five banks that participates in the London gold fixing.
In Asia, Baird has an operating subsidiary supporting its private equity operations, as well as an investment banking team.
It provides advisory, financing and risk management services to large companies, institutions and government clients.
Houlihan Lokey, Inc., is an independent, advisory-focused, global investment bank.
Cargills PLC is a Sri Lankan Retail, FMCG, Banking and Restaurant company which is listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange.
The Tangbunia Bank has fourteen branches throughout the island, with its headquarters at Lavatmanggemu.
The company has operations in Canada, and 40 other countries and had US$673.2 billion of assets under management in 2014.
It received significant support from the UK government, which, as of August 2015, holds and manages a 73% stake through UK Financial Investments.
Shareholders of the thrift sued the federal government for damages caused by the seizure, with the shareholders winning several rounds in the courts.
The Hokkaido Bank has 134 domestic branches, with 131 of them in Hokkaidō, and one each in the Tohoku region, Tokyo, and Osaka.
Its current banking license was renewed on February 27, 2002.
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation is a Japanese multinational banking and financial services company headquartered in Yurakucho, Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.
Fidelity Bank, also known as Fidelity Bank Plc., is a commercial bank in Nigeria.
The bank maintains offices in London, Paris, Brussels, Madrid, Barcelona, Milan, Shanghai, The Netherlands, Tunisia, Senegal, Ghana, Mauritania and Mali.
Landmark Credit Union is a not-for-profit financial cooperative in Southern Wisconsin that is owned by its customer/members.
In the United States, Alaska USA is among the largest credit unions by assets, and among the 10 largest credit unions by membership.
The Bank of Tamil Eelam had six branch offices and employed around 100 employees.
As of March 2017 it has 1,450 branches across Pakistan with assets of approximately USD 17.2 billion.
It provides financial advisors and professional traders with Web-based tools to assess macro risks and stress test portfolios.
It is part of Rock Ventures "family" of companies that include the Cleveland Cavaliers, Fathead, Quicken Loans and Genius.
DundeeWealth Inc. and its advisor network were acquired by Scotiabank on February 1, 2011.
Equistone Partners Europe Limited was established in 2011 as an independent investment firm following the buyout of Barclays Private Equity by its staff.
The shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam.
ENCON Group Inc. is a Canadian managing general agent headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada with additional offices in Toronto and Edmonton.
Citizens Bank International Limited is a Nepalese Class A commercial bank.
The People's Bank of Zanzibar is a commercial bank in Tanzania.
After 1950, control of the firm passed to co-founder Joseph Klingenstein.
As on June 30, 2016, IndusInd Bank has 1,004 branches, and 1885 ATMs spread across 625 geographical locations of the country.
Ten years later, the bank already appeared in the Industrial and Commercial Guide of Valencia.
The current chairman and CEO is Bantoon Lamsam, the grandson of the founder.
To this end, it spearheads a successful Falak Tayyeb for SMEs campaign.
Brokerage services are provided through First Republic Securities Company LLC and Trust services are provided through First Republic Trust Company.
Moody's changed the credit rating on that day to Baa3, the lowest investment-grade credit rating.
Wealth Management services include portfolio reviews, retirement savings and income, estate planning, business succession planning, education planning and more.
Dragon Capital manages assets in closed-ended and open-ended funds across public equities, private capital, fixed income and real estate.
It is third largest by Greek loan assets trailing Piraeus Bank and Alpha Bank.
Insinger de Beaufort is an Anglo-Dutch private bank providing private banking, wealth management and private planning to high-net-worth individuals and some institutional clients.
Instead many Britannia branches were closed, and only a small number were retained and rebranded.
National Bank of Bahrain was established in 1957 as the first indigenous bank in Bahrain.
In 2016, Houlihan Lokey was named the No.
In 2004, the Norwegian Industrial and Regional Development Fund was merged with other agencies to form Innovation Norway.
BancABC, officially known as ABC Holdings Limited, is a pan-African financial services provider, headquartered in Gaborone, Botswana.
It is the 7th largest bank in Denmark.
Major services provided were structured asset finance, funds management and debt and equity funding.
The Chief Operating Officer is Paul Poggi.
It is one of the few wholly owned Ghanaian banks.
The bank focuses on providing trade financing for companies wishing to do business in Russia and former Soviet states.
In late 2015, the National Bank of Greece announced it will sell the bank to Qatari QNB Group in a deal worth 2.7 billion Euros.
Eureka Federal Savings was a San Carlos, California, based thrift, which operated primarily in the San Francisco Bay Area, with 35 branches at the thrift's height.
In August 2013, Francisco "Paco" Roche Navarro retired as leader of the Grupo IF banking division.
FGB is currently the third largest bank by assets in the United Arab Emirates.
BGVB has been established with the amalgamation of erstwhile Mallabhum Gramin Bank, Gaur Gramin Bank, Murshidabad Gramin Bank, Nadia Gramin Bank and Sagar Gramin Bank.
It is the largest purchaser of non-performing consumer credits in Europe and Canada.
The bank has a network of 4,850 branches and 14,404 ATMs in India, and has a presence in 19 countries including India.
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a 400 million A-share offer on September 23, 1993 on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
SBI Group began in 1999 as SoftBank Investment.
It operated 3 business segments: commercial banking, mortgages, and wealth management services.
Founded in 1935 as a state bank focussed on financing the electricity sector, it launched commercial banking activities in 1955.
Asset Management business is involved in the development and ongoing management of investment funds.
Among the firms most notable partners were Sanford I. Weill, Arthur Levitt, Arthur L. Carter, Marshall Cogan, Roger Berlind and Peter Potoma.
Nowadays it is a financial services group in Thailand with the slogan Thai Life Insurance.
Headquartered in Chicago, it has 16 offices on five continents in cities such as Boston, Frankfurt, London, New York, San Francisco, Sao Paulo, Sydney, and Zurich.
It is listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange as "BBNI".
The companies head office is based in Hertfordshire, with additional offices in South Wales.
It was 2.5% in February 2008, although this was cut to 0.2% due to the global recession since 2008.
Ūkio Bankas was a Lithuanian commercial bank based in Kaunas.
The company is a subsidiary of the Liverpool-based Bibby Line Group, which was founded in 1807 by businessman, John Bibby.
In 2013-14 the bank was the subject of a rescue plan to address a capital shortfall of about £1.9 billion.
The bank had applied to open a representative office in Beijing, People's Republic of China.
Its name is a portmanteau of "Western-Pacific".
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
The South Tyrolian People's Bank is an Italian bank headquartered in Bolzano.
From its home in Abu Dhabi, the bank opened its first four branches in the UAE on June 19, 2008.
Today, with over 210,000 members, Police Mutual is the UK’s largest affinity friendly society.
Chairman Radheshyamji Chandak started it with capital of 210 USD and 72 members.
Manila Commodity Exchange is a commodity and derivatives exchange located in Ayala Avenue, Makati, Philippines.
With more than 9 million customers, it operates in all segments of financial markets, with a network of 3696 branches and service centers and 18,312 ATMs
Cassatt & Company was a Philadelphia based investment banking and brokerage firm founded in 1872.
Their clients include large public as well as private pension plans, financial institutions, endowments and foundations.
Sun Life Financial, Inc. is a Canada-based financial services company known primarily as a life insurance company.
Credit Saison Co., Ltd., commonly known as Credit Saison or simply Saison, is a Japanese financial services company affiliated to Mizuho Financial Group.
The bank is a full service community bank offering deposit and loan services to the communities it serves.
Founded on 1 October 1941, it now has 3,370 employees.
The company operates in Canada and Asia as "Manulife" and in the United States primarily through its John Hancock Financial division.
Serving the Delaware Valley since 1832, WSFS Bank is one of the ten oldest banks in the United States continuously operating under the same name.
The Vontobel families and the Vontobel Foundation hold the majority of shares and votes in the company.
This came after analysts had predicted a profit of nearly €600 million, according to FactSet estimates.
The bank also operates overseas representative offices in Shanghai, Singapore, and New York City.
Credicorp Ltd is the leading financial holding in Peru.
Main shareholders of the bank are Habaş Sınai ve Tıbbi Gazlar İstihsal Endüstri A.Ş holding %69,98 and Mehmet Rüştü Başaran %27,32 of aggregate capital.
The name was changed to ODIN Forvaltning in 1992.
The Bank is headquartered in Manipal, Karnataka, India.
Crédit Agricole Italia along was ranked as the 11th largest bank in Italy by total assets at 31 December 2015.
In 2013, Nissan was the sixth largest automaker in the world, after Toyota, General Motors, Volkswagen Group, Hyundai Motor Group, and Ford.
Financial Advisors are available in Capital One locations and on phone through Advisor Connect.
During the next decade, the Delaware General Assembly chartered three additional banks."
Despite its relatively short life, Bank Day is also successfully penetrating the increasingly competitive Iranian financial market.
It is mainly an investment bank operating in Bangladesh, established to accelerate the pace of industrialisation and to develop a sound securities market in Bangladesh.
In 2005, E*TRADE made an unsolicited offer for Ameritrade, currently the second largest US discount broker.
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank, formerly Sparebanken Rogaland, is the largest savings bank in Norway.
The Co-operation Contract was concluded in May 2002 in Milan and the process completed on October 21, 2002.
While times have changed, the bank has never lost sight of the founder’s vision, that banking is really just about one thing: helping people.
As a merchant services provider, Alpha Card's payment services include credit, debit, EBT, check conversion and guarantee and online and mobile payment options.
It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2002.
Fusion Asset Management LLP is the asset management firm based in central London and Moscow specialising in managing volatility risks and risk hedging.
Oaktree emphasizes an opportunistic, value-oriented, and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt, control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities.
Bank Rakyat also operates Islamic pawnshop outlets named Ar-Rahnu X'change.
Specialties : Price discovery & transparency, Online dealing Automation, STP and trade administration, listed and OTC derivatives, Brokers' review, statistics and business analytics
Among the 120 Washington-based credit unions, it is third-largest, based on asset size.
It is one of the largest private banks in the Baltic States, specialising in corporate banking and affluent individuals.
It is based in Wiesloch, Baden-Württemberg and was founded on 1 January 1971 in Heidelberg by Eicke Marschollek and Manfred Lautenschläger.
The website enables its users to compare and buy almost all insurance products, from all life and non-life insurers in India.
The company offers flexible investing strategies to meet the needs of different customers.
Sonali Bank Limited is a state-owned leading commercial bank in Bangladesh.
The Equitable Life Assurance Society, founded in 1762, is a life insurance company in the United Kingdom.
In 2011, RBC was the largest Canadian company by revenue and market capitalization.
Currently nearly 300 corporate and back-office employees are spread throughout the Ithaca area; the seven-story, 110,000sqft building would bring them all under one roof.
Public shareholding under the Resident Individual category is approximately 39.4%.
Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd. is a Chinese city-based commercial bank headquartered in Ningbo, Zhejiang.
Its businesses include litigation finance and risk management, judgment enforcement and other legal finance and advisory activities.
Reaching $9 billion in assets, Florida Community Bank has grown to become the fourth-largest independent Florida-based bank with 54 banking centers.
In 2014 it had reported assets of about £287 million.
The National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation is a member-owned nonprofit cooperative that provides financial products to America's rural electric cooperative network.
The bank had its headquarters in Oslo and was Norway's second largest bank at the time of the merger.
The head office is located in Nelson, New Zealand.
The company has market leading positions in equities research and brokerage, corporate finance advisory and private wealth management.
Southern Bancorp is a Community Development Financial Institution headquartered in Arkadelphia, Arkansas that was founded in 1986.
Dutch-Bangla Bank Limited is a bank in Bangladesh.
In March 2009, OneWest purchased many assets from the Independent National Mortgage Corporation, more commonly known as IndyMac, after IndyMac filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
Argenta is a bank based in Belgium that also operates in the Netherlands and Luxembourg.
In 2015 the group declared a premium income of CHF 18.9 bn, a 5% increase over the previous year.
The main subsidiary is Mercantil Banco, with 90 years of financial activity in Venezuela .
Effective with the 2009–10 basketball season, Caja Laboral became the new sponsors of Liga ACB and Euroleague club Saski Baskonia.
Deposits with Wright-Patt Credit Union are insured to $250,000.
The credit union was founded in 1952 for members of the AFL-CIO.
Banking operations expanded to include the Indian subcontinent, the Middle East and elements of Africa and Southeast Asia.
ADCB is one of the largest in the UAE in terms of shareholder funds and market capitalization.
Export Import Bank of Bangladesh Limited is one of the leading private commercial banks in Bangladesh.
On March 2014, Union Bank of the Philippines has offered to buy Exportbank.
As of 2015 AIG companies employed around 65,000 people.
BNP Paribas has the highest brand value in France.
It is licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the central bank and national banking regulator.
The bank was founded in 1993 by a group of Haitian investors and is the main company of Groupe Financier National.
The Bank's headquarters are located in Rajshahi.
", which is the creditor group behind the old bankrupt Glitnir bank.
The FDIC and First Midwest Bank entered into a loss-share transaction on $343.8 million of Palos Bank and Trust Company's assets.
It is licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the central bank and national banking regulator.
KBC agreed in December 2013 to sell ADB to the Chinese Yinren Group.
Annually UPC processes more than 400 million of payment card transactions.
In the Czech Republic, J&T was the subject of the Tuscany scandal.
LHV Pank has been identified as a partner in the virtual E-residency of Estonia program, enabling e-Residents to open a bank account in Estonia.
Many leading financial services firms are coming together and attempting to professionalize the industry by setting international standards.
Housing Finance Bank is a commercial bank in Uganda.
In February 2017 Ghosn announced he would step down as CEO of Nissan on 1 April 2017, while remaining chairman of the company
Renaissance Capital is an investment banking firm from Russia.
Swiss Re was ranked 118th in Forbes 2000 Global leading companies 2016.
It is the largest distressed investor in the world, and one of the largest credit investors in the world.
Citadel is an American global financial institution.
In July 2012 a planned merger with the Tokyo Stock Exchange was approved by the Japan Fair Trade Commission.
The company is the first largest in its sector.
It is one of the several cloud-based Financial Technology companies challenging dominant vendors in financial markets.
It is listed on the Zagreb Stock Exchange and is one of 24 companies included in the CROBEX share index.
It is a subsidiary of DBS Bank headquartered in Singapore and it is also the seventh-largest bank in Hong Kong by total assets.
Although the bank initially survived the financial turmoil in late 2008, The Financial Supervisory Authority of Iceland assumed control of Straumur on 9 March 2009.
The International Bank of Somalia is an international bank headquartered in Mogadishu, Somalia.
The institute was founded by papal decree of Pope Pius XII in June 1942.
The main company of the group was Cassa di Risparmio in Bologna.
HiTel FCU is guided by the principle, “We are people helping people make their dreams come true by being their financial institution of choice.”
In addition, KBRA is recognized by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners as a Credit Rating Provider.
The bank's main focus is middle-market commercial banking in Wisconsin, Illinois, Minnesota, and the upper Midwest.
UPC held a significant stake in Uranium One before the latter was purchased outright by ARMZ Uranium Holding in January 2013 for $1.3bn.
The combined firm was acquired by Prudential Insurance in 1981, leading to the creation of Prudential-Bache Securities.
As of 2014 the bank has 70 branches in Denmark.
It is licensed by the Isle of Man Financial Services Authority in respect of deposit taking, investment business and registered as a general insurance intermediary.
TCU Financial Group has naming rights on TCU Place.
The Group is empanelled with more than 50 financial institutions and banks, and has more than 600 franchisees across the country.
Close Brothers Group plc is a UK merchant banking group, providing lending, deposit taking, wealth management and securities trading.
Hand-held umbrellas have some type of handle, either a wooden or plastic cylinder or a bent "crook" handle.
Municipal and county employees have their extra pensions managed by Kommunal Landspensjonskasse.
In 2010, as part of the Westpac group, St.George was deregistered as a company and ceased to be a standalone authorised deposit-taking institution.
A new strategic plan was also introduced.
Nepal Bangladesh Bank Ltd. also known as NB Bank or NBB is a public owned commercial bank in Nepal.
It is known for its active bulletin boards.
Excellion Capital also comprises an investment business, Excellion Managers.
Alpari Research & Analysis Limited, which gives a London address, provides only research and analysis and is not licensed to trade.
On 31 March 2008 the bank had a total assets of €13,502,864,975.
The single day record for gross-value settlement, set on 19 March 2008, stands at US$10.3 trillion, for 1,113,464 payment instructions.
In total the alliance is Norway's second largest bank with total assets of NOK 625 billion, 352 branches and 6300 employees.
The number of Internet banking customers in 2005 exceeded the milestone of 340,000.
It is backed by Army Welfare Trust of Bangladesh Army.
Dahabshil Bank International, also known as the Dahabshil International Commercial Bank, is a bank headquartered in Djibouti City, Djibouti.
CBZ Holdings, whose full name is CBZ Holdings Limited, is a financial services conglomerate in Zimbabwe.
In 2007, Sina Bank had initial equity capital of  10 Billion IRR.
The king appoints six members of the bureau's governing board, with the seventh the sitting Minister of Finance of Thailand.
The Cosmos Co-operative Bank Ltd., established in 1906, is one of the oldest Urban Co-operative Banks in India.
It has long been one of the largest banks in Scandinavia.
Chaikin Analytics is an award-winning stock trading idea platform, founded in 2011 by Marc Chaikin.
Chase offers more than 5,100 branches and 16,000 ATM's nationwide.
Headquartered in California, California First National Bancorp is a registered financial holding company for California First National Bank and California First Leasing Corp.
The firm is currently focused on companies with revenues between $20 –$200 million and with $5 – $25 million of EBITDA.
SG Hambros is regulated by the Financial Services Authority.
United Asset Management was an American holding company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts that owned a number of financial-sector companies.
No.1 MLA of Global PFI/PPP Project Finance Loans with market share of 6.7%
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
On May 20, 2011, the Better Business Bureau revoked the accreditation of Entrust Bankcard, leaving it with a rating of "F".
The Fuji Bank, Limited was one of Japan's major banks during the post–World War II era.
The company engages in various lending and banking practices: retail banking, consumer lending, wholesale banking, wealth management, and mortgage lending.
It is a corporate member of both the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange of India.
Beyond Bank Australia was formerly a credit union called Community CPS Australia and became a mutual bank on 1 August 2013.
BCP’s Retail Banking serves individuals and small-sized companies with a wide range of high value-proposition products with a market share of over 20%.
The AFL–CIO Employees Federal Credit Union is a multiple common bond, federally chartered credit union headquartered in Washington, D.C.
The credit union had been started to serve employees of the CUNA Mutual Group and the local community.
FNZ has delivered investment platform solutions to financial companies in the UK, Hong Kong, Australia and NZ.
Social Finance, Inc. is an online personal finance company that provides student loan refinancing, mortgages and personal loans.
Apart from a focus on education, anyone can bank with Victoria Teachers Mutual Bank; this includes family, friends and the wider community.
FNBC is a Schedule 1 Federally Regulated Bank and in accordance with The Bank Act of Canada received its charter in 1996.
Led by Sushil N. Shah, the diversified financial services group has grown as one of the leading broking houses in India.
After the fund had declined further to 500 million USD in 2015, Principal decided to close it.
Since then it has kept expanding its operations in a number of different directions.
Daiwa Securities Group Inc. is a Japanese investment bank that is the second largest securities brokerage after Nomura Securities.
Macquarie is listed in Australia and is regulated by APRA, the Australian banking regulator, as the owner of Macquarie Bank Limited, an authorised deposit taker.
It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange, where it has a market capitalisation value of US$34.45 billion.
State Bank of India is an Indian multinational, public sector banking and financial services company.
In January 1974 the society was acquired by the Principality Building Society.
Bank of Beirut is a commercial bank in Beirut, Lebanon.
It is licensed by Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
It is the first non-interest bank established in the country.
Al Rajhi Bank also has branches in Kuwait and Jordan, and a subsidiary in Malaysia.
Ameriabank CJSC is an Armenian universal bank offering corporate, investment and retail banking services headquartered in Yerevan.
Lazard was founded in 1848 and operates from 42 cities across 27 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, Central and South America.
Alberta Treasury Branches, doing business as ATB Financial, is a financial institution and Crown corporation owned by the Province of Alberta.
Andy Bell is the company's Chief Executive.
In 1996, the bank opened its first branch outside of Tompkins County, with the purchase of a small branch office in Odessa, New York.
It offered commercial and corporate banking services under the Bank of Scotland brand and retail banking services under the Halifax brand.
Citibank Berhad is a licensed commercial bank operating in Malaysia with its headquarters in Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur.
Today, what was SBC forms the core of many of UBS's businesses, particularly UBS Investment Bank.
Recent clients include Actavis, Alcoa, Energy Future Holdings, Fluor Corporation, Gannett, GlaxoSmithKline, London Stock Exchange Group, Safeway, Tesco, Teva, and the US Department of Treasury.
Lombard Street Research is a macroeconomic forecasting consultancy with headquarters in London and offices in New York and Hong Kong.
It is currently the fifth-largest bank in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area behind PNC Financial Services, Citizens Financial Group, First Niagara Bank, and privately held Dollar Bank.
The company was founded in 1850, and is one of the 30 components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Finansbank is a Turkish bank with headquarters in Levent, Istanbul.
The company's corporate headquarters were located in the historic John A.
The bank was granted a license # 243, dated January 11, 2000, by the National Bank of Azerbaijan Republic to commence its operation.
Trevett Capital Partners, a wealth management division of Busey Bank, provides asset management, investment and fiduciary services to high net worth clients in southwest Florida.
In 2001, Singaporean DBS Bank acquired Dao Heng Bank from Guoco Group, then privatized and delisted it.
Iran Zamin Bank at a Glance is a Non-Government Public Joint-Stock Company.
Bank of Africa Rwanda Limited also BOA Rwanda, formerly known as Agaseke Bank, is a commercial bank in Rwanda.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Reserve Bank of Malawi, the national banking regulator.
The Bank is also on The Banker's list of the top 500 Islamic financial institutions.
The bank owns the naming rights to the EagleBank Arena at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia.
Also, MF Global made a $6.3 billion investment on its own behalf in bonds of some of Europe’s most indebted nations.
Since a 2008 merger, the bank has been part of the Westpac Banking Corporation group, having previously been an independent legal entity.
Camco ended in 2014, following a merger with Huntington Bancshares.
The Agricultural Bank of Greece was a commercial bank based in Athens, Greece.
Churchill Insurance is a United Kingdom insurance company based in Bromley, London.
It is one of the commercial banks in the country, licensed by the Bank of Zambia, the national banking regulator.
First Security Corporation was a multistate bank holding company in the western United States, primarily in Utah, Idaho, New Mexico, Oregon, Nevada, and Wyoming.
Currently the bank has 398 bank branches in Chile and Colombia, being 224 in Chile and 174 in Colombia.
National Western Life Insurance Company is an American stock life insurance company headquartered in Austin, Texas.
As of March 2013, it had more than 788 branches in 17 different states.
ZUNO BANK AG is a new direct bank launched in 2010.
It was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index but was acquired by Barclays in 2000.
Firbank is a village and civil parish in the South Lakeland district of the English county of Cumbria.
It been in operation since 1885 and had been instrumental in the economic development of business and industry in Iceland.
The Bank is headquartered in Meezan House - Karachi, Pakistan.
TFIFX, is an online brand of TFI Markets, a financial services public company founded in 1999 to provide treasury services to European investors.
In 2014 the company was merged by incorporation of Unipol Assicurazioni, Milano Assicurazioni and Premafin in UnipolSai.
When used in the latter sense, "axiom", "postulate", and "assumption" may be used interchangeably.
The failure of the business generated criticism of regulators and auditors for not having spotted the activity.
Western National Bank was an individually and privately owned bank that was chartered in 1977 in Odessa, Texas.
Mercantil Servicios Financieros is a Venezuelan holding company of financial services present in 9 countries in America and Europe .
Prudential Securities, also formerly known as Prudential Securities Incorporated, was the financial services arm of the insurer, Prudential Financial.
Ameriprise Financial engages in business through its subsidiaries, providing financial planning, products and services, including wealth management, asset management, insurance, annuities and estate planning.
PenFed is the nation's second largest federal credit union, with assets of $23 billion and more than 1.6 million members as of July 2017.
It was the fourth largest savings bank in Spain in terms of consolidated assets, with €81.020 billion.
KBank has total assets of 2.555 trillion baht, total deposits of 1.705 trillion baht and total loans outstanding of 1.610 trillion baht.
Bank Windhoek offers foreign exchange services throughout its branches and through a joint venture with American Express, which has various outlets in Namibia.
Dinenberg also serves as CEO of KIND, which has its headquarters in Los Angeles, California.
RBI regards both Austria and Central and Eastern Europe as its home market.
It was acquired by Macquarie Group in November 2009.
It is a subsidiary of ATA Holding.
Founded as Fenner Gatling & Beane in 1916, the firm was renamed in 1919.
Its head office is situated at Aarau, Switzerland.
Bank of Florida was taken over and shut down by the FDIC on May 28, 2010.
Koperasi Bank Persatuan Malaysia Berhad which is simply known as Bank Persatuan, is a cooperative banking entity based in Penang, Malaysia.
It also offers retail banking products through its subsidiary Gjensidige Bank as well as pensions and savings products.
The bank has a significant presence in global financial markets.
Burford Capital, founded in 2009, operates as a finance and professional services company worldwide with principal offices in New York, London and Chicago.
The firm employs more than 1,500 people in offices across North America, Australia, Europe, China.
It connects international institutions and investors with opportunities across the continent and provides corporate Africa with access to international capital markets and financial expertise.
The company was a component of the STOXX Europe 50 stock market index until being replaced on that index on 8 August 2016.
Al Ghurair, also known as Al Ghurair Investment LLC,, was established in 1960.
Orix is a member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group keiretsu.
Most assets were subsequently moved to Nýja Kaupþing.
Nusenda Credit Union donates to charities and organizations in its communities.
Numerix is an American limited liability company that develops software for risk analysis of financial derivatives.
It is one of the fourteen commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of the Gambia, the national banking regulator.
Nordnet bought eQ Bank Abp in May 2009 for 400 million Swedish crowns.
In 2015, the company was ranked the 22nd most admired company in the world, and the 7th most respected company in the world.
The company has offices in Canada, USA, UK, Germany, Dubai, Malaysia, South Africa, and India.
PaineWebber and Company was an American stock brokerage and asset management firm that was acquired by the Swiss bank UBS AG in 2000.
The bank was founded as the Birmingham and Midland Bank in Union Street, Birmingham, England in August 1836.
Equity Bank Uganda Limited, is a commercial bank in Uganda.
Private Banking - LGT Private Banking provides wealth management services to private clients
It was renamed Türk Ticaret Bankası A.Ş in 1937, and relocated its head office to Istanbul in 1952.
Bancomext provides training services, information, financial assistance, project coordination and financing.
It has 156 branches in Saudi Arabia.
The list consists of leading printing companies in the US and Canada.
In English, the usage of ci-devant is less clear.
The firm also issues commercial paper and other debt instruments on Ford's behalf.
The bank also has offices abroad in London, Hong Kong, Moscow, Shanghai, Doha, Bahrain, South Africa, Dubai, Tanzania and New York.
From January 2008-September 2012, Simmons & Company completed 167 transactions totaling approximately $34 billion in value, with a majority of its focus towards M&A transactions.
Most of the bank’s branches are in Yamagata prefecture, or other major cities in the Tohoku region, with a branch in Tokyo as well.
The company is a constituent of the IBEX 35 and Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
ZuluTrade is a software company that operates an online and mobile social and copy trading platform .
Euronet was the first entity in the country to achieve the following:
It is the biggest bank in Switzerland, operating in more than 50 countries with 59,387 employees around the world, as of 2016.
The bank was the fifth largest financial services provider in Nigeria.
An electronic version was added in 2002.
AmeriServ Financial is the primary bank in the Johnstown, Pennsylvania region, however, branches can be found throughout the state of Pennsylvania.
As of 2017, the company ranks 57th on the Fortune Global 500 list of companies and 43rd on MITs worldwide "Smartest Companies" ranking in 2015.
The NRW.Bank is the state development bank of North Rhine-Westphalia based in Düsseldorf and Münster.
Industrial Alliance is a Canadian insurance company with a diversified business ranging from wealth management to group pensions.
Point72 also operates Aperio, a "big data" research and investing unit.
As of November 2016, CommunityAmerica had $2.2 billion  in assets, ranking it among the nation’s largest credit unions.
Baker Boyer is a Walla Walla, Washington based financial institution, opened in 1869 becoming the first bank in what would become the State Of Washington.
Its core markets include Southeast Asia, Greater China and the Middle East, namely the Gulf Cooperation Countries.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the country's central bank and the national banking regulator.
Banca di San Marino bought SMIB in October 2012  and renamed Banca Impresa di San Marino.
Liverpool Victoria is one of the United Kingdom's largest insurance companies with over five million customers.
Thanachart Bank Public Company Limited is a bank headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand.
Its clients include 380,000 individuals and 21,000 corporate bodies.
The firm managed in excess of $19 billion of assets on behalf of its clients through its private client wealth management business.
New Resource Bank is a San Francisco, California-based bank.
Bank Rakyat is governed by its by laws and Bank Kerjasama Rakyat Berhad Act 1978, which allows Bank Rakyat to provide financing to non-members.
Bancomext is an instrument of the Mexican government used to increase the competitiveness of Mexican companies, primarily small and medium-sized enterprises involved in exports and/or imports.
Established in 1994 under the Bulgarian Law on Banking and Credit Activities, Raiffeisenbank EAD is fully licensed for operations in Bulgaria and abroad.
Sanlam is a South African financial services group headquartered in Cape Town, and listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and the Namibian Stock Exchange.
It is insured by the Credit Union Deposit Insurance Corporation of British Columbia.
ACU has 18 branches in Winnipeg and Northern Manitoba.
Dollar Financial Group Global Corporation is a US-based financial services group with over 1000 locations in seven countries.
is an independent lending scheme based in Burnley, United Kingdom founded by David Fishwick, a successful minibus retailer, in September 2011.
KKR has completed investments in over 160 companies since 1977, completing at least one investment in every year except in 1982 and in 1990.
The firm was acquired by Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt in 1972 and was part of what ultimately would become Shearson/American Express in 1981.
The bank offers a wide range of financial products and services to the customers through its various delivery channels.
This historical data is available only through TraderMade products.
It was established in 1954 to manage the Da Afghanistan Bank, the central bank of Afghanistan.
In the 1990s, Credit Suisse acquired the Winterthur Group, Swiss Volksbank, Swiss American Securities Inc. and Bank Leu among others.
The firm remains intentionally small, specialized, and independent.
They are regulated by the Federal Reserve.
TD Waterhouse is the brand used for a Canadian brokerage within Toronto-Dominion Bank.
It has 22 branches in Phnom Penh and 28 branches in 20 provinces across the country.
It retained this status until the 1950's when it eventually became an incorporated Building Society with all the benefits that incorporation brings.
The Edmond de Rothschild Group is an international, family-owned and independent financial group, specialised in private banking, asset management, private equity, corporate finance and funds administration.
The bank was founded in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in 1832, and moved its executive offices to Toronto, Ontario, in 1900.
As part of this strategy, SBC acquired US-based investment bank Dillon Read & Co. as well as London-based merchant bank S.G. Warburg in the mid-1990s.
In 2008 Carnegie had revenues of SEK 2.7 billion and as of 31 December 2008 assets of SEK 14.8 billion.
Exim Bank, commonly known as Exim Bank, is a commercial bank in Uganda.
Bank Gutmann is a private bank in Austria.
This restructuring separated the U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries from the overall firm.
It is licensed and supervised by the Bank of Uganda, the country's central bank and national banking regulator.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
First Horizon National Corporation is a bank holding company based in Memphis, Tennessee, United States, with $30 billion in assets.
On 15 February 2017, the Union Cabinet approved a proposal to merge SBT and four other associate banks with SBI.
Metro Bank PLC is a retail bank operating in the United Kingdom, founded by Vernon Hill in 2010.
It is a universal bank with operations in consumer, corporate and institutional banking, and treasury services.
It ranks #21 in the Inc. 500|5000 top 100 fastest growing companies within the Financial Services Industry, with an overall ranking of 308.
Housing Bank of Rwanda, also known as Rwanda Housing Bank, was a commercial bank in Rwanda.
These dealings resulted in a loss of public money, estimated at a minimum of $600 million and the insolvency of several large corporations.
JC Flowers manages two private equity funds, J.C.
KBN gained its current status and structure through a conversion act in 1999.
As at May 2017, the legacy entity is one of the largest shareholders of Bank of Cyprus with 4.8% but does not hold a board seat.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by Central Bank of Kenya, the country's central bank and the national banking regulator.
Worldwide 27 million insureds under personal risk and protection policies & 14 million savings and pensions policyholders.
Freedom Debt Relief is a US debt resolution company.
Bank Windhoek was established in 1982, when a group of Namibian entrepreneurs took over eight local branches of Volkskas Bank.
BAAC's fiscal year runs from 1 April to 31 March.
Since 1989, Robert A. Hulsey has been president and CEO of ANBTX.
The company is based out of Orlando, Florida with its subsidiary Currency Exchange International of Canada Corp based in Toronto, Ontario.
NewBridge Bank has 44 branches, total assets of about $2.7 billion and total deposits of about $2 billion.
Sparebanken Sør is regulated by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway
In the India Loans MLA Tables, SBI tops the list with market share of 57.3%
By July 2004 the bank has migrated all of its conventional banking operation into Shariah based Islamic banking.
In December 2006 Larsen & Toubro bought 10% of the bank.
Its online Telebanking facility are available to all its Core Banking Customers - individual as well as corporate.
The retail banking activities comprise residential mortgages and online savings accounts through NIBC Direct in the Netherlands, Germany and Belgium.
LCL S.A. is a major French financial services company, with its registered office in Lyon, France and its administrative head office in Paris, France.
The firm has raised approximately $4 billion since inception across two funds.
RobecoSAM has a series of products based on themes such as water, energy, climate, agriculture, and healthy living.
Source was started by five of the world's largest equity trading houses – BofA Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley and Nomura.
Since 2000 it is one of the four most-profitable Brazilian banks and holds a strong leadership position in retail banking
It was the subsidiary of HSBC Bank S.A. until it mergered into HSBC Bank in 2009.
The bank operates mainly in the Kansai region with more than 165 branches in Kyoto, Osaka, Shiga, Nara and Hyogo prefectures.
The Pension Fund also manages the extra pensions from a number of Government-owned enterprises.
It is owned by Chilean group Corpbanca.
Banco BISA S.A., formerly known as Banco Industrial S.A. is a Bolivian banking and financial services company headquartered in La Paz.
In 2013, the bank was ranked as the 134th company in the Arab world by Forbes.
Considered one of the Big Five, it expanded during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and took over a number of smaller banking companies.
In 1995 the bank also acquired a minority interests in Banca Popolare di Rieti.
It was founded on 3 December 1702, as Monte de Piedad de Madrid by Francisco Piquer, an Aragonese priest.
In the financial sector it operates a bank under the Banco Ripley brand and manages credit lines through its Tarjeta Ripley cards.
Intesa Sanpaolo is a banking group resulting from the merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI based in Torre Intesa Sanpaolo, Turin, Italy.
The subsidiary, called American Savings Bank, was a federally chartered savings bank with its home office in Honolulu, Hawaii.
The company operates across 35 countries and has over 70 million customers globally.
Bank Saderat Iran has around 3,500 offices in 12 countries and territories across Europe, the Middle East and Asia, and around 10 million customers.
It was the second-largest bank in Michigan as measured by assets.
Principal Financial Group acquired 55% of Liongate in 2013 to expand in hedge funds and meet demand for alternative investments.
Member deposits up to $250,000 in DFCU Financial are insured through the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund.
The bank was founded as an anthroposophical initiative.
Unlike most such settlements, the firm admitted wrongdoing and apologized to investors.
Great Western Bank whose holding company is Great Western Bancorp, Inc.,.
Although its head office is located in Montreal, AXA Canada has operations spread out all over Québec, Ontario, Western Canada and Atlantic Canada.
For other banks with a similar name, see First Bank.
Funds deposited with HSFCU are insured for up to $250,000 by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund and guaranteed by the NCUA.
Banca Finnat is today listed in the STAR section of the Borsa Italiana-London Stock Exchange.
Sabadell Solbank was a Spanish bank owned by Banco de Sabadell, which focussed on retail banking for Europeans living in the coastal areas of southern Spain.
Based in St. Louis, Missouri, McCormack Baron Salazar was ranked by Affordable Finance Magazine in 2011 among the top five affordable housing owners in the country.
In terms of total assets BCEE is the third-largest bank in Luxembourg and the largest bank with domestic capital.
The funds are diversified across asset classes and include Money Markets, Equities, Islamic, Alternative Investments, and Real Estate.
Kinetic Securities was an Australian financial services firm that facilitated the trading of shares, equities, derivatives and FX on the Australian Securities Exchange & international markets.
Davy closed last year with net assets of €131.1 million.
Williams & Glyn consists of 307 Royal Bank of Scotland branches in England and Wales and NatWest branches in Scotland.
Jackson & Curtis was an American investment banking and stock brokerage firm that merged with Paine Webber in 1942.
The main Fund’s investments are directed to development of mineral deposits, property development and food industry.
The Bank made a series of large loans, many to Greek companies prior to and during their financial crisis.
Metbank, formerly known as Metropolitan Bank of Zimbabwe, is a commercial bank in Zimbabwe.
Promoter of First Niksic Saving Bank, and in effect the first bank in Montenegro, was Joco Petrovic, renowned finance expert of the time.
In its Platinum jubilee year, the banks board of directors recommended special dividend of 500% or Rs 50 per share for 2012–13.
Evercore serves clients from 28 offices in North America, Europe, South America and Asia.
An axiom or postulate is a statement that is taken to be true, to serve as a premise or starting point for further reasoning and arguments.
Banca Agricola Mantovana S.p.A. was an Italian bank based in Mantua, Lombardy.
Conexus has $7.14 billion in total funds managed and more than 120,000 members.
A profile on Gilbert Harrison was featured in the March 2011 issue of The Deal titled, "Relationship Advisory."
In 2009, Latvijas Krājbanka had a turnover revenue of 34.6 million Latvian lats with a loss of 1.9 million lats.
The company is headquartered in London and has offices in the United Kingdom, Australia, Singapore and Dubai.
Insurance publications include BestWeek, a weekly newsletter, Best's Review, a monthly magazine, and an online wire service called BestWire.
The bank is one of the commercial banks in the Republic of Rwanda, licensed by National Bank of Rwanda, the national banking regulator.
Invest was formed in 1982 under Dan McConnell and was the first firm to offer securities inside a bank lobby.
Thai Life Insurance Public Company Limited or simply Thai Life Insurance) is the first Thai insurance company.
The group manages assets for private clients from all over the world.
It issued loans that helped create Switzerland's electrical grid and the European rail system.
IBMSECU has 16 branches located throughout Florida and Georgia and approximately 250 employees.
Aberavon Mutual Permanent Building Society was a building society in the United Kingdom.
MobiasBanca is a bank in Moldova, one of Société Générale's subsidiaries with headquarters in Chișinău.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the National Bank of Rwanda, the national banking regulator.
Panmure Gordon & Co. is a British corporate and institutional stockbroker and investment bank.
Bethpage Federal Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Bethpage, Long Island, New York.
PrimeWay Federal Credit Union is a federally insured, state-chartered, member-owned, not-for-profit financial cooperative.
By 1959, through a series of mergers and divisions, its name had been shortened to 'Mercantile Bank, Ltd', and was acquired by HSBC the same year.
UBS AG is a Swiss global financial services company, incorporated in the Canton of Zurich, and co-headquartered in Zürich and Basel.
Graz Sweden AB is a software company in the data warehouse industry, founded in 2000 and headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden.
The Bank's headquarters is located at Sharada Sadan, Kamaladi, Kathmandu and it has 57 other branches in Nepal.It provides most of the banking solutions in Nepal.
ICE is a Private Limited Company owned by Lenlyn Group, and is a sister company of Raphaels Bank.
The firm is currently located in the Solow Building, but recently announced its intentions to occupy a newly constructed 30 Hudson Yards.
The company is a component of FTSE Italia Mid Cap of Borsa Italiana.
Since its acquisition in 2007, the firm has operated as a subsidiary of Stifel Financial.
OLB has two subsidiaries: the private bank Fortmann & Söhne in Oldenburg and Münsterländische Bank Thie & Co. in Münster.
In 2009, Sparkbase managed gift card processing for over 12 million alternate payment system cards, with an average daily balance of approximately $120 million.
As of 1970, the 20 partners and approximately 200 employees generated annual revenues of around $40 million.
Lastly, UBI operates in the United Kingdom through its wholly owned subsidiary, Union Bank of India.
Verity was founded in 1933 and has been member-owned since its inception.
Its first branch in North Rhine-Westphalia opened 7 November 2011 in Rheine.
Merck Finck & Co. is a German private bank.
Digital Federal Credit Union is a credit union based in Marlborough, Massachusetts.
Hoist is active in nine European countries, and specializes in the acquisition and management of non-performing consumer loans.
With total revenue of $5.6 billion in 2016, the company offers its products and services directly and through its agents throughout the United States and abroad.
This lender, as of May 12, 2014, has no existing required Lending Licenses or Branches.
National Life Group is a diversified group of financial services companies.
The trademark of Funding Options is registered with the United Kingdom Intellectual Property Office.
Established in 1996, TPS currently employs around 300 employees in its Karachi headquarters.
Mylod closed 140 of its 340 branches and shed half of its 700 ATMs.
The bank's main area of activity is to give loans for agricultural projects represented by farmers.
The Bank operates through 100 bank branches and 689 ATMs in Federal District, and in states of São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Goiás.
Rabobank is the second-largest bank in the Netherlands in terms of total assets.
Its shareholders consist of the general public and government of Bahrain.
Operating in all Canadian provinces except Quebec, Bridgewater Bank manages a portfolio of over $2.8 billion, representing over 33,000 accounts.
Robeco offers assets management services to both institutional and private investors.
R K GLOBAL is an Indian financial broking firm with services ranging from Equities, Derivatives, Commodities, Currency, Depository, IPO Distribution, Mutual Fund Distribution and Consultancy.
The company now manages assets worth over US$500 Million.
As part of their launch campaign it introduced its main financial product: Cuenta Inteligente.
As of 2016, South Carolina Federal had over $1.4 billion USD in assets and over 150,000 active members.
IronStone Bank offered both personal and business financial services and was a wholly owned subsidiary of First Citizens BancShares.
The company is a leading provider of insurance and risk management services in the country.
For the Los Angeles-based bank that operated until 1996, see First Interstate Bancorp.
The Leek United Building Society is a building society based in Leek, Staffordshire, England.
The group also runs the UK’s third largest pharmacy chain, Well Pharmacy.
Simmons & Company International is one of the largest independent investment banks specializing in the energy industry, offering M&A advisory, capital markets execution and investment research.
Pandyan Grama Bank is a Scheduled public sector bank in Tamil Nadu established under Regional Rural Bank Act 1976.
A 2009 New York State department of Financial Services report found a number of policyholder disclosure violations.
The bank was incorporated in 1822 in Quebec City and made good progress until the great revulsion of 1826-7.
of West Bengal and United Bank of India.
ICICI Bank acquired the Bank of Madura Limited in an all-stock deal in 2001 and sold additional stakes to institutional investors during 2001-02.
In 1998 the Bank's "Low-cost Housing Program" won a World Habitat Award.
As of 2005, it had 140 branches, 15 commercial centers and 3,200 employees.
Their 2011 Annual CEO Panel was hosted by CNBC's Nicole Lapin.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Liberia, the national banking regulator.
It is licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the central bank and national banking regulator.
As of 2017, the firm had invested more than $15 billion in capital.
In April 2016 it became part of the JRP Group.
Universal Merchant Bank was formally called Merchant Bank Ghana Limited and its head office is located in Accra, the capital City of Ghana.
Somerset Trust Company elected to deny government TARP money in 2008.
The company is the fourth largest shareholder in SL Green Realty.
Westamerica Bancorporation is the holding company for Westamerica Bank and its subsidiaries.
Impact investing is a general term used for such endeavors.
The company sells its cars under the Nissan, Infiniti, and Datsun brands with in-house performance tuning products labelled Nismo.
The bank offers a range of products and services across retail, private and corporate banking divisions.
Belarusbank is the largest commercial bank in Belarus.
Stanford Federal Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union located in Palo Alto, California.
Stroud & Swindon was a provider of both mortgages and savings, as well as offering loans, credit cards and insurance.
The firm is based in New York City.
Currently the bank has over 32,956 service points being 4.495 bank branches and 27.981 ATMs in Brazil and in the world.
West Bromwich Building Society is a UK building society, with its headquarters in West Bromwich, in the West Midlands of England.
The group supplies competitive products and services to banks and other actors within the financial sector.
The credit union's field of membership extends to any individual residing within a 25-mile radius of any of TCU branch.
ESL Federal Credit Union is a full-service financial institution with headquarters in Rochester, New York.
The firm assists both strategic and private equity clients with acquisition, divestiture, and capital raising assignments.
First Citizens' Federal Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Fairhaven, Massachusetts in the AT&T Building on Mill Road.
It is one of the largest development institutions in Southeast Europe that provides financing and professional advising for the purposes of development.
Seymour Direct is a UK payment processing company.
Significant stakes in the company have changed hands throughout its history.
HiFX is a UK-based foreign exchange broker and payments provider that has been owned by Euronet Worldwide since 2014.
The retail bank also operates in the Mediterranean region and in the west of the United States.
BNP Paribas Fortis is an international bank based in Belgium and is a subsidiary of BNP Paribas.
J&T is a Central European investment group founded in 1993 in Slovakia.
Bips offer investors a range of ETFs that track various indices in both the equities and fixed income markets.
Two families, the Kleinworts and the Bensons, founded two very different merchant banks in London.
From 2003 to 2012 it operated two brands in New Zealand, ANZ and the National Bank of New Zealand.
The Banca of Sassari is an Italian bank with its headquarters in Sassari, Sardinia.
The company was re-incorporated in Japan in December 2003 and renamed Nikko Citigroup as part of an overall unification of the Citigroup brand.
National Bank for Trade and Industry or BNCI was one of four banks that combined to form BNP Paribas.
In 1985, Williams & Glyn's was fully absorbed into the Royal Bank of Scotland and ceased to trade separately.
The company was acquired by Oanda in 2013, who decided to close down the service a year later in October 2014.
It provides online data and services to private investors such as stock quotes, charts, news, FOREX, Futures & Options and stock screeners.
The credit union is the third-largest credit union in B.C.
A total of 12 students are benefiting from these scholarship programs each year.
The bank has over 150 thousand customers and 74 Branches, 2 Extension Counters and 57 ATM locations.
KBC Bank N.V. is a Belgian universal multi-channel bank, focusing on private clients and small and medium-sized enterprises.
NBGI Private Equity is the National Bank of Greece's European private equity and venture capital investment firm, founded in 2000.
The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
Bandhan Bank was incorporated on 23 December 2014 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Bandhan Financial Holdings.
In particular, it affected BCA's cash flow and even threatened its survival.
Asahi Shinkin Bank is a bank founded in 1923 and based in Tokyo, Japan.
SIX develops and maintains securities trading and post-trading platforms provides financial information and sells cashless payment systems.
The current President & CEO is Donna A.
The bank was created as a result of a merger between Hamburgische Landesbank and Landesbank Schleswig-Holstein on June 2, 2003.
The bank was one of the commercial banks licensed by the National Bank of Rwanda, the national banking regulator.
The corporate office is in Billings, Montana.
The bank was a merger between Sparebanken Oslo/Akershus as Christiania Sparebank) and Fellesbanken.
In addition to assuming all of the deposits of the failed bank, First Midwest Bank agreed to purchase essentially all of the assets.
The company was founded in 1880 in Boston, Massachusetts, by William Alfred Paine and Wallace G. Webber.
The Government of India is the single largest shareholder of this Fortune 500 entity with 61.58% ownership.
Bank Jacob Safra AG was a full-service commercial banking institution headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland.
The corporation was established in 1933 by the Home Owners' Loan Corporation Act under the leadership of President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
TradingScreen is a private, financial technology provider of SaaS based trading services for hedge funds, mutual funds, and brokers to trade globally.
Numerica Credit Union is a credit union located in the Pacific Northwest.
In March 2017, ABC acquired the LEI certification from the London Stock Exchange.
The Society also provides residential property management services through its subsidiary company Bath Property Letting.
Chairman and Managing Director: Hisham Ezz Al-Arab.
As of July 2015, ICRA has reaffirmed the rating of [ICRA] A1+ to the Rs 2,250 Crore Certificates of Deposits Programme of RBL Bank.
The bank is a member of the Commercial Bank of Africa Group, headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya, with subsidiaries in Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Major Korean financial firms have subscription to the Koscom's online trading services including market news, price quotes and financial market data.
Later in 2010, it emerged as a separate company as per the requirement of Bangladesh Securities and Exchange Commission.
They merged in 1961 to create Kleinwort Benson Lonsdale, later Kleinwort Benson Group.
The Bluefaced Leicester is a longwool breed of sheep which evolved from a breeding scheme of Robert Bakewell, in Dishley, Leicestershire in the eighteenth century.
SDCCU participates in sponsorship of community events.
MoneyGram International Inc. is a money transfer company based in the United States with headquarters in Dallas, Texas.
Chong Hing Bank is a bank founded in Hong Kong in 1948.
Its headquarters are located in Nairobi, Kenya, with subsidiaries in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda.
AJ Bell Youinvest is a direct-to-customer platform, offering a low-cost SIPP, ISA and Dealing Account.
United Financial Bancorp, Inc. is an American holding company for United Bank, a financial services company firm serving Connecticut and Massachusetts.
Rescue One Financial is a financial services company located in Irvine, CA.
Its headquarters is in Vadodara, it has a corporate office in Mumbai.
ANZ Fiji currently run three Prime Suites and 13 branches country-wide including a branch at Nadi International Airport and an agency at Nausori airport.
DBRS is the largest rating agency in Canada with other offices in New York, Chicago, and London.
ARY is a diversified group with interests in several sectors, though it is most famous for its contribution to Pakistani television.
Les Pays-Bas is French for the Netherlands.
It is insured and regulated by the National Credit Union Administration.
The firm provides a variety of advisory services including mergers & acquisitions, fairness opinions and restructuring advisory.
At the time the bank closed in February, 2015, it had $5.9 billion in assets and 26 branches.
SIG is one of the largest employers in Lower Merion Township.
Great Western's headquarters were in Chatsworth, California.
RBB has Nepal's most extensive banking network with 161 branches.
The company was also rebranding by changing its overall logo and tagline, inline with the company’s main office logo Malayan Banking Berhad.
The bank was a subsidiary of Banca CR Firenze, with Intesa Sanpaolo as the ultimate holding company.
Triangle Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Nashua, New Hampshire.
It was established in 2015 and is wholly owned by the Government of Gibraltar.
People’s Choice Credit Union is involved socially and economically with its members and the wider Australian community.
Based in Toronto, Ontario CIBC Mellon offers asset servicing to corporate and institutional clients.
Marathon Capital is an independent investment bank delivering financial advice to the global energy and infrastructure markets.
It operates in more than 20 cities in Russia plus offices in London, New York City, Kiev, Almaty, and Nicosia.
The company restructured itself in 2002, 2004 and 2006.
NavyArmy is the largest credit union in the coastal bend.
MONILINK Limited is the banking service operating in the United Kingdom that gives customers access to their financial information directly from their mobile phones.
It ranks number 1 in The Banker's Top 1000 World Banks ranking, and first on the Forbes Global 2000 list of the world's biggest public companies.
Amalgamated Bank Limited, commonly known as AmalBank, is a commercial bank in Ghana.
Piraeus Bank A.E., is a Greek multinational financial services company with its headquarters in Athens, Greece.
In 1996, Life of Virginia was sold to GE Capital.
First Direct is based at two call centres in Stourton and Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Standard & Poor's Claims Paying Ability Rating: AA+
Life Insurance Corporation of India is an Indian state-owned insurance group and investment company headquartered in Mumbai.
Formerly, the organization was named Posta Telgraf Telefon.
All TraderMade software is designed and developed in Bromley, UK.
Dao Heng Bank Limited was established in Hong Kong in 1921.
Following "ring-fencing" of the Group's core domestic business, the bank is a direct subsidiary of NatWest Holdings.
Guardian Capital LP, one of Canada's largest investment management firms and a subsidiary of Guardian Capital Group, actively manages many of BMO's mutual fund products.
The bank's authorized and paid capital was 1 billion Egyptian Pounds distributed on 100 million shares with a par value of 10 Egyptian Pounds each.
On 6th November, 2015, IDFC Bank was listed on BSE and NSE.
Through First West, credit union members have access to 53 branches and 40 insurance offices throughout B.C.
Rede Partners was founded in 2011 by Scott Church and Adam Turtle.
Since January 2014, HC2 has acquired a diverse array of operating subsidiaries, each with its own dedicated management team across a broad range of industries.
The company is a direct reinsurer and is represented in all major reinsurance markets worldwide through a network of more than 40 offices.
The company's STAR interbank network offers PIN-secured debit acceptance at ATM and retail locations.
The company working includes projects financing and management services.
DBRS comprises three affiliated operating companies – DBRS Limited; DBRS, Inc.; and DBRS Ratings Limited.
Trustco was founded in Schenectady, New York in 1902 and is now headquartered in Glenville, NY.
UPC was the first Ukrainian company within the sphere of processing that received MSP and TPP status in VISA and MasterCard.
UAE Exchange is a United Arab Emirates based company dealing primarily in remittances, Foreign exchange and bill payment solutions.
The firm publishes research on about 300 financial institutions across the United States.
Alliance & Leicester International Limited was the international banking subsidiary of Alliance & Leicester, which was subsequently bought by the Santander Group in 2008.
In 1965, the bank merged to form the Norwegian State Agriculture Bank.
Other companies in the CDH group include, CDH Asset Management Limited, CDH Commodities Limited, CDH Capital Limited and CDH Properties Limited.
Mumbai has the maximum number of bank branches followed by New Delhi and Chennai.
In 2003, Dao Heng Bank, Kwong On Bank and Overseas Trust Bank were merged to form DBS Bank.
The firm focuses on growth companies, with operations in 10 countries worldwide and the ability to list companies on 10 stock exchanges.
It now employs more than 250 people in 19 offices around the world.
Over 245 insurance companies and provident societies were merged to create the state owned Life Insurance Corporation.
BlueShore Financial is the operating name of North Shore Credit Union.
The bank has representative offices in Dubai and Hong Kong.
BOC Hong Kong Limited is the parent company and listed company of Bank of China Limited.
Mawarid's primary goal has been to support and participate in the development of the UAE economy by:
It is the fifth largest Greek bank but significantly smaller than the top four "systemic" banks.
NBK Capital’s Investment Banking group sells advisory services to clients across sectors.
The bank's chairman, Tsvetan Vasilev, fled the country and as of the end of 2014 faces extradition proceeding in Serbia.
Public Bank Berhad is a bank based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia offering financial services in Malaysia as well as the Asia-Pacific region.
At the time of its establishment, the bank was known as Canara Industrial and Banking Syndicate Limited.
Industry specialties include consumer & retail, industrial, technology & tech-enabled services, business services and healthcare.
Today, KBN is defined as a state instrumentality serving a public policy function of providing low cost funding to Norwegian municipalities.
Andhra Pragathi Grameena Bank is a regional rural bank in India.
It had 360 employees and about CHF 29 billion in assets under management.
The Bank also provides certain commercial lending and deposit products on a national platform.
In November 2011, the bank was taken over by the Spanish government, after the bank failed to meet adequate Tier 1 capital ratios.
The firm, founded in 2001, is based in New York City and run by billionaire J. Christopher Flowers, a former Goldman Sachs partner.
Beneficial State Bank is an Oakland, California-based community development bank.
Powerful workstations process streams of financial data, flashing advice to the handhelds carried by Hull traders at the CBOE and the Chicago Board of Trade.
The purchase of American Crane Corporation brought Terex a manufacturer of lattice boom cranes.
It was a member of the Building Societies Association.
At the end of 2015, Aegon companies employed approximately 31,530 people worldwide, serving millions of customers.
It is also the only interbank network in China that links all the ATMs of all banks throughout the country.
N M Rothschild & Sons Limited or Rothschild Group is a British multinational investment banking company controlled by the Rothschild family.
TMB was rated as the fastest growing Private Sector Bank continuously for the five years from 2010 to 2015.
Den norske Bank or DnB was a Norwegian bank that existed between 1990 and 2003 when it merged with Gjensidige NOR to form DnB NOR.
In 2017, Cardinal was acquired by United Bank.
As of January 2011, the bank has a long-term credit rating of BBB+ from the Fitch credit agency.
Total government stake in PKO Bank Polski after this transaction is to fall to as low as 25%.
Forces Financial sponsor Army Hockey, a part of the MoD sport compensation scheme.
PCI DSS Compliance in 2012 on version 2.0
The bank was founded in Birmingham in 1765.
Aareal Bank is represented on three continents and oversees property financing in more than 20 countries.
In Bulgaria, it has 21 branches and 68 offices throughout the country.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
As of January 1, 2011, the bank had 6 branches in Yerevan and 11 branches in the unrecognized Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.
This partnership enables CFC's utility borrowers to access an array of financing options including those provided by the federal government.
The company was established in 2000 as a part of the government's privatization of the banking system.
Banka Baltija was a bank in Latvia.
Originally focused on corporate banking, AUB had recently actively expanded into retail banking and is the fastest growing mortgage provider in the country.
For more information about banking services or branch locations, please call BankUnited’s Client Care Center at 1-877-779-2265.
The Bank has also successfully launched RuPay EMV Debit Card during the year 2013-14.
TD Canada Trust is the personal, small business and commercial banking operation of the Toronto-Dominion Bank in Canada.
Prudential has secondary listings on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange and Singapore Exchange.
Markit Ltd. is a global financial information and services company with over 4,000 employees, founded in 2003 as an independent source of credit derivative pricing.
NS&I attracts savers through offering savings products with tax-free elements on some products, and a 100% guarantee from HM Treasury on all deposits.
FOLIOfn, Inc. is a brokerage and investment company serving U.S. investors, financial advisors, and financial institutions.
Total assets as of Q3 2012 were IDR 588.4 trillion.
Vander Starr eventually expanded his business throughout Asia, the US, and worldwide.
Total assets were reported at A$4.32 billion, as of December 31, 2016.
Not to be confused with Commercial Bank of Ceylon.
Today, its branches numbering more than 100 can be found island-wide.
The Group's German business is written by the subsidiary E+S Rück.
Nadra Bank is one of the three of top-20 Ukrainian banks which went into receivership during the downturn of 2008–09.
AJ Bell also provides third party SIPP administration services.
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by Bank of Sierra Leone, the national banking regulator.
Akbank is one of the largest banks in Turkey.
The company started trading in November 2014 and has its offices in London.
It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
The bank is located in Geneva in the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland, and specialized in private banking and asset management.
Bulgarian Development Bank is a leading Bulgarian development and commercial bank with headquarters in Sofia.
All state employees are granted an extra pension of 2% of the gross wages, paid from 67 years.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 2004.
Pierce acquired the brokerage business of Merrill Lynch.
The core business activity of PKO Bank Polski is retail banking.
Kotak Mahindra Bank Terriest has a network of 1,369 branches across 689 locations and 2,163 ATMs in the country.
The earliest predecessor of Lake Trust Credit Union was Detroit Edison Credit Union, which was chartered in 1944.
Victor Jules Bergeron, Jr. founded a chain of Polynesian-themed restaurants that bore his nickname, "Trader Vic".
In 2014 its parent company BNC Bancorp had $4.05 billion in assets, 38 branches in North Carolina and 13 in South Carolina.
It was founded in 1762 and was owned by the German-originated Baring family of merchants and bankers.
Gate City Bank is a mutually owned bank headquartered in Fargo, North Dakota, with 36 branches in across North Dakota and western Minnesota.
This is in contrast to the 0.34% average in UAE's private sector.
It was one of largest insurance companies in Thailand.
As an issuer of credit cards the bank also offers revolving credits.
For Egypt's central bank, please see Central Bank of Egypt
Since 2003 they have continued to grow each year and the 2013 audited accounts show assets worth over £286 million.
On January 1, 1989, the Rasheed Bank was spun off from Rafidain Bank.
The company operates two programs: the "Portfolio Program" and the "Purchase Program".
Bank Mellat is a private Iranian bank.
In 2015, the company had more than 800 employees.
1st Source has assets of $4.82 billion.
The equity research team consists of 15 analysts who cover approximately 150 listed companies in Norway.
Liberty Holdings Limited is a financial services and property holding company with headquarters situated in Johannesburg, South Africa at Liberty Centre, 1 Ameshoff St., Braamfontein.
Host Hotels & Resorts is an American real estate investment trust and the owner of lodging real estate based in Bethesda, Maryland.
The bank is primarily focused on retail banking and has around 470 employees.
Davy offer a range of services to private clients, small businesses, corporations and institutional investors.
On October 7, 2011 the Minnesota Department of Commerce shut down The RiverBank and subsequently the FDIC was named Receiver.
The bank is the third largest bank in South East Asia by total assets.
Genisys Credit Union is the 4th largest credit union in Michigan with over 185,000 members and assets of 2.1 billion as of October 31, 2016.
Spell Capital Partners is based in Minnesota, and specializes in the management of private equity and mezzanine capital.
At the time, Trieste was the most important sea port of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
This bank is sponsored by UCO Bank & Owned by Govt.
'The Newbury' was established in 1856 and is one of the oldest surviving building societies in the United Kingdom.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
BCP is the main subsidiary of Credicorp, the largest financial holding in Peru.
It is one of the banks licensed by the Reserve Bank of Malawi, the national banking regulator.
In addition, former Goldman employees have headed the New York Stock Exchange, the World Bank, and major banks such as Citigroup and Merrill Lynch.
Kaupskil holds 87% of common equity and the Icelandic State Financial Investments 13%.
It is best known for its online currency converter application and offers exchange rate information, international money transfers, and other currency-related services on its website.
According to a report by the United Nations Development Programme, Agribank is also the largest corporation in Vietnam.
It was a division of Securitas AB from 2001 to 2008, when it was listed at Nasdaq OMX Stockholm.
The Group is rated A by A.M. Best and operates in 32 states and Washington D.C.
The Gabelli Asset Fund, its first open end mutual fund was launched in March 1986.
Since 10 February 2010 the bank has no longer accepted new business, and ceased to operate as a licensed bank on 31 December 2010.
It develops and administers and distributes these programs through a nationwide network of independent plan advisors and brokers.
Hang Lung Bank was a bank in Hong Kong.
Permata Bank is the tenth biggest bank in Indonesia in 2016 by assets.
of India, State Bank of India and Govt.
The bank became a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank in 2009.
It currently holds approximately $100 billion of collateral deposited by clearing members and moves billions of dollars a day.
The legal name is still Community CPS Australia Ltd but trading as Beyond Bank Australia.
Industrial Bank of Iraq is an industrial bank company headquartered in Baghdad, Iraq.
RFQ-hub allows receiving selected trade axes & indication of interests from sell-sides.
However, its major presence is in Northern India.
Unipol Banca S.p.A. is an Italian bank based in Bologna, Emilia-Romagna region.
The company is a member of the American Fair Credit Council.
In 2010, it became a subsidiary of M&T Bank.
CAL Bank is a commercial bank in Ghana involved primarily in meeting the banking needs of small, medium and large corporations.
The company started its expansion in the derivatives markets in the late 1970s.
Fellesbanken was a Norwegian bank that existed between 1920 and 1985 with offices in Oslo, Norway.
In the future, services will include options to move money between accounts, pay bills, and purchase travel tickets.
Generally considered the largest bank and public company in the world by assets; it is the first Chinese bank to achieve such a feat.
Privately owned, it is part of the Triple Five group of companies.
Summit currently has more than 153,000 members and $2 billion in assets, making Summit one of the largest credit unions in the state of Wisconsin.
It also has an agency in Miami, and eight representative offices in Spain, including two each in Madrid, Barcelona, Murcia, and Communidad Valenciana.
Attica Bank Banking Company SA, formerly the Bank of Attica SA, is engaged in the Greek banking sector.
Westpac has owned the Bank of Melbourne, and the rights to the brand, since its acquisition of the bank in 1997.
Based on this, more than 80% of SIGAL UNIQA’s capital is foreign investment.
Republic Bank & Trust Company is a Louisville, Kentucky-based bank.
Its head office is located in Putalisadak, Kathmandu and the corporate office in Durbarmarg, Kathmandu.
People's United Bank is the second largest independent bank headquartered in New England, behind Citizens Financial Group.
The Firm's long/short investment divisions are Point72 Asset Management and EverPoint Asset Management.
NBK Capital operates regionally in Kuwait, Dubai, Egypt and Turkey with over 170 investment professionals.
Tatra banka is a commercial bank in Slovakia.
Privilege is a division of the Direct Line Group that specialises in selling insurance over the phone and internet.
The bank's headquarters are located in Libya.
It is also supporting organisation of Insurance Asset Management Association of China.
EverBank is an American diversified financial services company providing banking, mortgages, and investing services.
It currently remains in the Vector portfolio.
The bank its owned by Votorantim Group and the Banco do Brasil, the operation was completed on 28 September 2009.
Call Federal Credit Union is the second-largest Richmond-based credit union.
In both senses, an axiom is any mathematical statement that serves as a starting point from which other statements are logically derived.
Formerly Known As ABC Investment and Services Company until March 1998 Established on 1987.
Banco Pan, formerly known as PanAmericano, is a Brazilian midsize commercial bank headquartered in São Paulo.
The Bank was very badly damaged by the first Gulf War and the economic sanctions against Iraq.
Agrobank is driven by a policy set forth by the Ministry of Agriculture and Agro-Based Industry.
Sina Bank is listed under the Tehran Stock Exchange and is currently one of eight private banks in Iran.
Its major business comes from stock brokerage service for investors and traders.
The company is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia and maintains offices in Dallas and Shanghai.
Kasikornbank has a registered capital of 30.5 billion baht with paid up capital of 23.9 billion baht and market capitalization of 360 billion baht.
We will have to wait to find out how that was possible."
WhoTrades was regulated by the NFA until March 2016 when its membership was withdrawn, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, and CySEC.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The bank is organized as a limited partnership with personally liable partners, and is noted for its conservative business strategy.
About 70% of the operating profit originated outside Iceland.
After the privatization of the telephone telecommunications service business, the directorate was renamed, keeping its acronym.
STCI facilitates collaborative innovation on a massive scale.
Another distinction can be made between manually operated umbrellas and spring-loaded automatic umbrellas which spring open at the press of a button.
CUA is a credit union in Australia.
The assets of the bank were merged into Bank of Scotland plc.
PrimeWay Federal Credit Union operates 9 locations in the Houston area with more than 3,500 Shared Service Centers available to serve its members.
CWM FX was a foreign exchange trading firm located at the Heron Tower at 110 Bishopsgate, otherwise known as Salesforce Tower.
Founded in 1895, Banco Crédito built its own first banking structure in 1924 at Calle Marina and Callejón Amor, in Ponce.
The Fierro Group was founded by the Spanish entrepreneur and billionaire Ildefonso Fierro, a prominent Spanish businessman.
Livorno Foundation, found 1992, still operates as a non-profit organization.
The locally owned financial institution employs more than 700 people in Rochester, New York and, includes more than 330,000 members world-wide.
It has over BZ$825 million in assets and BZ$182 million of capital reserves.
Its banking activities also include securities trading, foreign exchange operations, precious metals operations, clearing operations and settlement services.
PrimeWay Federal Credit Union is insured by the National Credit Union Administration, is an Equal Housing Lender and a member of the Better Business Bureau.
Marathon Capital employs 27 investment bankers in the areas of renewable energy, mergers, acquisitions, restructuring, project finance and capital raisings.
Delta Community has several ATM locations and members may use ATMs operated by other member CO-OP credit unions.
Partners Federal Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union with corporate headquarters in Burbank, California.
Verity's main branch is located in the Northgate neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
The bank's headquarters were in Bergen, Norway.
aws is focused on four different areas: Technology and innovation, equity and capital markets, promotion and financing as well as services for research and development management.
The bank had 363 branches in Northern Italy, 40 branches in Marche and Umbria, and 133 branches in Sicily.
The common shares represent an indirect interest in physical uranium owned by UPC.
Established in 1981, the Ecology is based in West Yorkshire, and has over 10,000 open accounts.
The bank expanded through a number of acquisitions in the 1990s, including James Hay, Scottish Mutual, Scottish Provident and the rail leasing company Porterbrook.
FirstRand Limited, also referred to as FirstRand Group is the holding company of FirstRand Bank, and is a financial services provider in South Africa.
Established in March 1976 by Banca Commerciale Italiana and its partners, CMB is today wholly owned by Mediobanca, an Italian investment bank.
It is the largest bank in Georgia by assets.
Banco Credicoop is the largest cooperatively-owned bank in Argentina.
Sparisjóður Reykjavíkur og nágrennis, often shortened to SPRON was an Icelandic savings bank.
Mercantil rose 50 places in comparison with 2014, to rank 210th.
Additionally, the firm manages a pool capital for private equity investments.
Crane Bank was a commercial bank in Uganda and was licensed and supervised by the Bank of Uganda, the central bank and national banking regulator.
It is licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
WSFS's Cash Connect subsidiary provides ATM support services across all 50 states for more than 16,000 ATMs.
PAAMCO is an institutional investment firm focused on hedge funds headquartered in Irvine, California with offices in London and Singapore.
The annual IEEE conferences on intelligent environments present current trends and applications.
Lincoln International is an independent investment bank specializing in advisory services and financings for middle-market companies.
The ambition is to re-establish Carnegie as the leading independent investment bank in the Nordic region.
However, the business was renamed after the acquisition of the investment banking operations of Oppenheimer & Co. in 1997.
It was founded by S Young Lee, Hope Chen, Will Chen, Jason May, Ian Flint and Jay Shen.
The Amalgamated Bank of Chicago is a commercial bank headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
These businesses were independently capitalised and directly regulated in their respective jurisdictions by CSSF in Luxembourg and by FCA in UK.
Founded in 2006, Entrust Bankcard was listed at #18 on Inc.'s 2011 "Inc. 500" of the 500 fastest growing companies in America.
The entire conversion formalities were completed on December 19, 2001.
Launching the first VISA EMV Debit Card in the country
It has a global network of 26 offices in financial services centres, including registered banks in Geneva, Luxemburg, Nassau, Hong Kong and Singapore.
Carta Worldwide is a Canadian software company that offers digital transaction processing, specializing in mobile and prepaid transactions.
