The Bucks had Santiago playing at center, however, and they decided not to sign Llamas.
He is a 2.12 m tall center.
Lavoy played for three years at Western Kentucky University before a short stint in the National Basketball Association.
Rex Everett Chapman is a retired American professional basketball player.
Johnson retired abruptly in 1991 after announcing that he had contracted HIV, but returned to play in the 1992 All-Star Game, winning the All-Star MVP Award.
Prior to attending Syracuse University, McCullough went to Salisbury School, Brewster Academy, and IMG Academy.
The Philadelphia 76ers selected Schoene in the second round of the 1982 NBA Draft.
Trevor Wilson is a retired American professional basketball player.
Jared Ahern Jordan is an American professional basketball player for Tigers Tübingen of the Basketball Bundesliga.
DeJuan Lamont Blair is an American professional basketball player for the South Bay Lakers of the NBA G League.
Christopher "Chris" Ross is a Filipino-American professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Book's three-point shooting ability made him a difficult match-up for opposing centres.
He was under contract with MZT Skopje until 2014.
Hewlett attended the University of Michigan where he studied architecture and painting.
On August 8, 2014, Mourning was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
Crotty played for the Utah Jazz, Cleveland Cavaliers, Miami Heat, Portland Trail Blazers, Seattle SuperSonics, Detroit Pistons and Denver Nuggets.
He joined the Atlanta Hawks as director of scouting from 1990-1992.
She signed with the Indiana Fever on May 22, 2008.
At the end of his sophomore season, he realized he had two years left in college career to prolong his baskerball career.
Mehmet Azmi Turgut is a Turkish professional basketball player, who plays for Olin Edirne.
He was selected by the Tri-Cities Blackhawks in the 5th round of the 1950 NBA draft.
When young he was monitored by many scouts, he was approached by the San Antonio Spurs.
Frank "Magic" Oleynick is a retired American basketball player.
He also one of the few PBA players to have won all three major MVP awards in the league: regular season, finals, and all-star game MVP.
Odom spent seven seasons with the Lakers, who traded him to the Dallas Mavericks in 2011.
A center, Leckner played in 8 NBA seasons for the Utah Jazz, Sacramento Kings, Charlotte Hornets, Philadelphia 76ers, Detroit Pistons and Vancouver Grizzlies.
He is the son of former Canadian Football League player Elfrid Payton.
He is a 6 ft 11 in / 265 lb.
Jones made the 76ers' starting lineup after Larry Costello tore his Achilles tendon on January 6, 1967.
Kees Akerboom is a Dutch professional basketball player currently with the DBL team New Heroes Den Bosch.
Antonio Stephen "Scoop" Jardine is a sales account executive on Team Bebon, a division of Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company.
Moser was an All-American player at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas before transferring to Oregon in 2013.
Derek Ricardo Harper is a retired American professional basketball player.
Standing 7 ft 0 in, he played the center position.
He also repeated his first team All-Big Eight honors as well as Helms Foundation All-America accolade.
She was also the only woman to sign a contract with a National Basketball Association team, the Indiana Pacers.
His best year as a pro came during the 1993-94 season as a Clipper when he appeared in 76 games and averaged 8.9 ppg.
Don Leroy Hennon is a surgeon and a former basketball player for the University of Pittsburgh Panthers basketball team, where he was a two-time Consensus All-American.
From 2011 to 2013 he was also a studio analyst for Magic games.
Ehlo is perhaps best remembered for being the victim of one of Chicago Bulls star Michael Jordan's greatest performances.
In his first season they placed second in the Michigan–Ontario League, and in his second year they tied for first place.
Zoltán Supola is a Hungarian professional basketball player.
She graduated in 2001 and was selected 25th overall in the first round of the 2001 WNBA Draft by the Washington Mystics.
On July 31, 2008, Skinner signed with the Clippers, his former team, and re-signed with Los Angeles again the following season.
Brody's famous remark upon beating the Soviets – "We are on the map!
Ethan Donald Wragge is an American basketball player who last played for the Gießen 46ers of Germany's Basketball Bundesliga.
Dailey gained some notoriety when, in a game against San Antonio on March 20, 1985, Dailey had a ballboy bring him food during a game.
After playing for the Knights, he went on to play in the defunct Metropolitan Basketball Association as a member of the San Juan Knights.
She currently plays for the Melbourne Boomers in the WNBL.
Robert George "Bob" Bedell was an American basketball player.
Burleson was the MVP of the 1973 and 1974 ACC Tournaments and was All-Final Four in 1974.
Chelsea Aubry is a Canadian professional basketball player from Kitchener, Ontario.
Damiris Dantas do Amaral is a Brazilian female basketball player for Corinthians/Americana of the Brazilian League and Atlanta Dream of the Women's National Basketball Association.
He twice scored 47 points in a game, one of the top records for a single game scoring performance.
He also played 11 games of the following season before being waived.
He will play for Azerbaijan national basketball team after TBF's permit.
He was also a member of the Braves' 1974 and 1975 playoff teams.
In four seasons with the Bison, he earned First Team All-Patriot League honors twice and Second Team All-Patriot League honors once.
David Kyles is an American professional basketball player who last played for Rustavi.
After a season with Barako Bull, he was again traded to Talk 'N Text in exchange for Jared Dillinger.
Gregory Alan Dreiling is a retired American professional basketball player.
He has been playing professionally since 2006 for various teams outside of his country of the United States.
As a junior and senior, Richey led the Cougars in scoring at averages of 14.6 and 17.6 points per game respectively.
Marshall was drafted in the second round of the 2014 WNBA draft by the New York Liberty, but was released before the 2014 WNBA season.
He played for the Celtics during the 1947–48 season, appearing in 24 games and averaging 2.7 points.
Lee Kyu-Sup is a former South Korean professional basketball player.
Tamara Radočaj is a Serbian professional women's basketball player who plays for Chevakata Vologda of the Russian Premier League.
John Ervic Manalo-Vijandre also known by his screen name Ervic Vijandre is a Filipino actor and basketball player.
He was the first player in NBA history to score 2,000 points in one season, breaking the 1,932-point record held by George Mikan.
Antonio Graves Davis is an American professional basketball player for Tsmoki-Minsk of the Belarus Premier League and the VTB United League
Román Montañez is a Spanish professional basketball player, who plays for Mywigo Valladolid.
He played for the Washington Bullets and San Antonio Spurs in the NBA for 58 games.
His brief NBA career spanned from 1974 to 1976 with the Blazers, averaging 3.7 points in 95 total games.
Daniel Alexander Jackson is an Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Canberra Gunners of the South East Australian Basketball League.
Burtscher currently enjoys being an indigenous people advocate, photographer and philanthropist.
He went on to play for the Pacers, Phoenix Suns, Portland Trail Blazers, Miami Heat and Cleveland Cavaliers.
A 6' 9"center from Grambling State University, Johnson played parts of three seasons with the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association.
Damir Voloder is a former Croatian professional basketball player.
He graduated as the leading scorer in school history, and his record 1,591 points stood for 19 years.
In 2014 it was reported Liburdi debut in boxing
Though Tarvas lost to Tartu Ülikool/Rock, Kriisa was named the KML Most Valuable Player.
He has a half brother, Canyon Barry, currently playing at Florida whose mother, Lynn Barry, was also a distinguished basketball player at William and Mary.
Under new coach Paul Westhead, she had a break-out senior season in which she led the team in scoring, finishing her career with 1,338 points.
Glenn Alan Robinson III is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association.
Mladen Jeremić is a Serbian professional basketball player for BC Timișoara of the Liga Națională.
Lister was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the first round of the 1981 NBA Draft.
Upon graduating from Butler, Hainje played professionally in Europe and in the United States as part of the International Basketball League until 2005.
In 2003, Meneghin was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and in 2010, he became a member of the FIBA Hall of Fame.
Chris Dean Carr is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Phoenix Suns in the 2nd round of the 1995 NBA draft.
Gerald Madkins is an American professional basketball executive who is an assistant general manager for the New York Knicks￼ of the National Basketball Association.
However, he was waived by the Pistons the following year and tried out for the Sacramento Kings, but failed to make the roster.
Cabrera was also named Sportsman of the 20th Century by his born town, Bahía Blanca, in 1999.
He is a member of the University of Colorado's Athletic Hall of Fame and his #23 jersey has been honored by the school.
In the autumn of 2008, now as a free player, Đugum returns to Borik Puntamika.
In Zhejiang, Lin started at shooting guard during the 2009-2010 season.
Keith Damon Appling is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Erie BayHawks of the NBA Development League.
in Israel .He previously played in the Israeli Under 16, 18 and under 20 National teams.
Robert Frederick Carrington is a retired American professional basketball player.
In 2011, he was named the NBA Coach of the Year after leading the Bulls to a 62-win season.
John Morton is a retired American professional basketball player.
"Eddie" Miller is a former National Basketball Association player.
Justin Durel Ingram is an American former professional basketball player who is currently the Director of Basketball Operations of the Toledo Rockets men's basketball team.
Overall Gießen got the Cup four times.
A 5'11" guard/forward from New York University, Reiser played professional basketball in three leagues from 1943 to 1950.
He was the 15th overall selection in the 1970 NBA draft and the first draft choice in the history of the Braves franchise.
After his rookie season, Warriors general manager and coach Eddie Gottlieb made Mlkvy choose between school and basketball.
In 2010, he became the head coach of the boys' varsity team and a physical education teacher at Foundation Academy.
Branka Luković is a Serbian professional basketball player.
Harold David Miner is a retired American professional basketball player and two-time champion of the National Basketball Association Slam Dunk Contest.
Throughout his career, Avila has played professional basketball in the United States, Mexico, Czech Republic and Puerto Rico.
Jackson scored 53 points while playing for the Chicago Majors of the ABL on March 14, 1962.
He was a third-team All-American in 1951-52 and a second team All-American in 1952-53.
His high school career has garnered him multiple league, district and state championships, as well as numerous individual awards.
Krušlin was also playing for the Croatia's Under-20 national team and has participated at the Junior European Championships in Greece 2006 and Madrid 2007.
Lew died of cancer in April 1970, his funeral was on April 7, 1970 in Portland, Oregon.
Raised in Lebanon, Indiana, White was a standout basketball player at Lebanon High School and led them to consecutive state championships in 1917 and 1918.
A 6'8" power forward, Hodžić played college basketball for Lipscomb University in Nashville, Tennessee.
In 2006, he moved to Germany to BG Göttingen.
In his four-year NBA career, Eschmeyer played in 153 games and scored a total of 421 points.
James "Boo" Jackson is an American retired basketball player.
Igor Rakočević is a retired Serbian professional basketball player.
In his freshman season, the team set school records for its best start, longest winning streak and highest ranking.
Joseph Leynard Smith is an American former professional basketball player who played at power forward position for 12 teams of the NBA during his 16-year career.
Rodney Alan "The Sheriff" Buford is an American professional basketball player who last played for the London Lightning of the National Basketball League of Canada.
A native of Chicago, Illinois, Orr was a multi-sport star at St. Rita of Cascia High School.
In December 2013, Mitchell pledged her allegiances to, and represents Australia internationally.
He was a 2010–11 All-Big Ten 3rd team selection by the coaches and the media.
In 1932 she moved to Prague and married Alfred Meller, owner of the ROTA advertising company.
Cvjetićanin, who started his career with Partizan, won the European Club Championship with Cibona in 1986.
He is currently Executive Vice President and Assistant General Manager of Canada Basketball.
He is a 2.03 m tall small forward.
He is a 6 ft 3 ¾ in tall point guard-shooting guard.
She was a member of the Siena Saints NCAA team from 2000 until 2004.
In 2008, he was named one of the 50 Greatest EuroLeague Contributors.
He was drafted ninth overall by the Red Bull Barako in the 2005 PBA draft.
He scored 8,184 total points in his NBA career.
Aaron White is an American professional basketball player for Žalgiris Kaunas.
Eleanna Christinaki is a Cypriot-Greek professional basketball player.
Jakob Örn Sigurðarson is a professional Icelandic basketball player for the Swedish team Borås Basket.
Keefe's NBA career eventually ended as a member of the Golden State Warriors.
A solid 6'9", 235 lbs center, he played a single NBA season with the Philadelphia 76ers, with the rest of his career taking place in Europe.
Hollie has been named as one of the Top 20 Players of all time in the WNIT, Women's National Invitation Tournament.
David Britton was an American basketball player for Texas A&M University who was named MVP of the 1980 Southwest Conference Men's Basketball Tournament.
He is currently an expatriate professional basketball player.
John Stanich is a retired American basketball player.
Vineeth Revi Mathew is an Indian professional basketball player.
At a height of 1.95m, he played at the small forward position.
Jones played college ball at the University of Iowa from 1984–85 to 1987–88.
She would make her debut in senior level at Fenerbahçe after having moved to the senior team.
James "Jim" Bostic is a retired American basketball player.
Melvin Johnson III is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Grand Rapids Drive of the NBA Development League.
He led the Golden Flashes to regular-season and MAC championships that season.
He mainly played the center position, but he could also could play the power forward position.
Nicknamed "The Basketball Genie" for his playmaking skills, Yen was a regular of the Chinese Taipei national basketball team from 1997 to 2003.
Spanoulis played an instrumental role on the senior men's Greek national team's EuroBasket 2005 gold medal team.
He previously played for Hapee Complete Protectors in the Philippine Basketball League.
He spent two seasons with the University of Washington Huskies men's basketball team before deciding to transfer before the 2015–16 season.
Leonel Ditutala Paulo is an Angolan basketball player and a member of the Angola national basketball team.
Louis "Pick" Dehner, sometimes stylized as "Lewis," was an American basketball player and high school coach.
He now works as a Chicago Bulls team ambassador.
Arnold Short is a retired American basketball player.
Davide Pascolo is an Italian professional basketball player for EA7 Emporio Armani Milano of the Italian LBA and the EuroLeague.
Denzel Valentine is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association.
In the early 1960s, Fowler was a member of the Akron Wingfoots.
"Fred" Jacobs was an American professional basketball player.
Subsequently, he announced he would enter the 2015 NBA draft.
Darko Planinić is a Croatian professional basketball player for Dinamo Sassari of the Lega Basket Serie A.
Oliver J. Miller is an American retired professional basketball player.
In 2001, he was inducted into the Detroit Mercy Titans Hall of Fame.
He is 6'10" in height and he plays as both a small forward and a power forward.
Line, a 6'2" guard/forward from North High School in Akron, Ohio, played for Adolph Rupp at Kentucky from 1946 to 1950.
Perrot attended the University of Southwestern Louisiana, and played four years there as a guard.
Before the 1974–75 NBA season, Nelson was taken by the New Orleans Jazz in the NBA Expansion Draft.
Shona Thorburn is a Canadian professional basketball player, formerly a point guard for the Seattle Storm of the WNBA.
The young national plays for Fenerbahçe as both small and power forward position.
Skip was drafted with the 13th pick in the 1968 NBA Draft by the Atlanta Hawks.
Like many male college athletes during his day, Rock served in the military for two years before finishing college; he was in the Marine Corps.
Herman Jesse Branson was an American basketball player.
George Albert Tuck was a college basketball player for the Minnesota Golden Gophers.
Sean Michael-Eli Singletary is an American retired professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association and other professional leagues.
He is best known for leading NCAA Division I in rebounding during his sophomore season in 1998–99.
Pitts was part of the American men's basketball team in the 1948 Summer Olympics, which won the gold medal.
During the 1960s while with the Knicks, Russell was part of the New York Army National Guard's Fighting 69th Regiment.
A native of Cincinnati, Ohio, Larkin starred at Moeller High School in both football and basketball.
In 1996, he was voted one of the "50 Greatest Players in NBA History".
Banca Marche Fabriano and Euro Roseto, Spain, and the Philippines.
Adris Geraldo Deleon Jimenez is a Dominican professional basketball player who currently plays for Atenienses de Manatí of the Baloncesto Superior Nacional.
Carey Scurry is a retired American professional basketball player.
Kozelko starred at Central High School in Traverse City, Michigan and moved on to play collegiately at the University of Toledo from 1970 to 1973.
Sieberts quit the Aggies' basketball team during his senior season to enter the business world.
After retiring from basketball, Wild attempted to qualify for 2012 Summer Paralympics in London in shooting, but narrowly missed out on selection for the team.
Tom and his wife, Heather, live in Saxapahaw, North Carolina, with their two children.
Julius "Jay" Bowie is an American professional basketball player for the Willetton Tigers of the State Basketball League.
The following season, he signed with the Tri-Cities Blackhawks of the National Basketball League, and played with the team for two months.
Mareks Mejeris is a Latvian professional basketball player, who plays the small forward and power forward position.
On November 10, 1995, as a member of the Kings, Smith was severely beaten by Indiana Pacers forward Dale Davis.
Standing at 6 ft 8 in, he played the power forward position.
He was an All-MVC pick and team MVP in each of his final two seasons.
He played college basketball for the Kentucky Wildcats.
On September 27, 2016, Kochov became a head coach of Vardar.
During his first season, McKnight averages 26.7 mins per game, while posting up 10.6 points per game and 5.1 rebounds.
Swanson was selected in the 1953 NBA Draft by the Rochester Royals after a collegiate career at Detroit.
Çakır was selected 27th overall in the 2013 WNBA Draft's Round 3 by the New York Liberty.
He later served as the university's athletic director, from 1967 to 1972.
She played collegiately for the Miami Hurricanes of the University of Miami, where she majored in sports administration.
He was named to the 1968 and 1969 NBA West All-Star Teams.
She was signed a contract once again to the Houston Comets.
He played college basketball at New Mexico State University.
In 1996, ETSU inducted him into their hall of fame.
She made her WNBA debut on May 16, 2014.
At Austin Peay State University, he earned All-Ohio Valley Conference honors in 2011.
Hill had denied that his race was a factor in his NBA struggles, saying, "It wasn't racial.
After completing his undergraduate schooling in 1911 he stayed at Columbia and earned his Bachelor of Laws degree from Columbia Law School in 1913.
Professional basketball player career ended in 2000 when he started coaching in basketball club KK Dona Dubrava.
Evaldas Jocys is a Lithuanian professional basketball player.
Guy Pnini is an Israeli professional basketball player who currently plays for Hapoel Holon of the Israeli Premier League.
In 2011, Gardner joined the coaching staff of Loyola University Chicago.
He won the NBA Three-point shootout two times, and was the first European-born player to win one of the All-Star Weekend competitions.
The Chicago Bulls selected Ruffner in the second round of the 1970 NBA draft and the Virginia Squires selected him in the 1970 ABA draft.
Thomas Earl Robinson is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association.
During the 2011 PBA Governors' Cup, Agustin steered the team to the championship, defeating the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in seven games.
He previously served as head coach of the Erie BayHawks the NBA Development League of the Orlando Magic and as assistant coach for the Milwaukee Bucks.
Jeffrey Bernard "Jeff" Foote is an American professional basketball player.
Soner Şentürk is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for Pınar Karşıyaka of the Turkish Basketball League.
Jaklin Dencheva Zlatanova is a Bulgarian female basketball player currently competing for Mann-Filter Zaragoza in the Spanish League.
Xu Yong is a former Chinese professional basketball player born in Shanghai, China.
He played college basketball at the University of Colorado.
Palazzi was selected by the Boston Celtics with the fifth pick of the 1954 NBA Draft.
Craven has played professional basketball in Turkey, Venezuela, the D-League, and France.
On July 4, 1991, almost a week after the draft, the Clippers traded him to the New York Knicks for a 1993 second round pick.
Byron Anton Scott is an American professional basketball former head coach and player.
He averaged 10.1 points per game in his NBA career.
Duncan Vann Williford is a retired American professional basketball player.
Roger Fornas Lladó is a Spanish professional basketball player.
Quin Price Snyder is an American basketball coach who is currently the head coach of the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association.
Ive Ivanov is a Croatian professional basketball player who last played for GKK Šibenik of the A-1 Liga.
He was drafted 17th overall in the 2013 PBA draft by the Tropang Texters.
Vargas is a former member of the German national basketball team.
Šarūnas "Šaras" Jasikevičius is a Lithuanian former professional basketball player and current professional coach.
A five-time All-Star selection, Miller led the league in free throw accuracy five times and won a gold medal in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Petteri Johannes Koponen is a Finnish professional basketball player for FC Barcelona Lassa of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
Van Paassen played for multiple teams in Belgium, Spain and the Netherlands.
He also plays for the Latvia national basketball team.
He is also member of the Moroccan national basketball team.
Michael Fraser is a Canadian professional basketball player who plays for Polfarmex Kutno of the Polish Basketball League.
Towards the end of the 1992-93 season, on April 15, 1993, the Sixers were playing the Orlando Magic, who were led by rookie Shaquille O'Neal.
Patrick Henry Aquino is a Filipino basketball coach.
Carey is the older brother of Moses Scurry, who played on the 1990 UNLV team that won the NCAA championship.
He played one full season of college basketball for Duke University before transferring to the University of California, Berkeley for his sophomore season.
DeRozan has played for the United States men's national basketball team in two major tournaments: the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics.
He played college basketball for the University at Buffalo, where he was an All-American and Mid-American Conference player of the year.
He then became a lawyer and later on a judge in Florida after earning his J.D.
John Adams, a 6'3 guard/forward, grew up in El Paso, Arkansas and starred for two years at El Paso High School.
Nikolaos "Nikos" Diplaros is a Greek professional basketball player with Aris of the Greek Basket League.
He is 2.07 m tall and he weighs 113 kg.
He averaged 2.4 points and 2.5 rebounds per game.
In his NBA career, Vranes played in 510 games and scored a total of 2,613 points.
He then played in the short-lived National Professional Basketball League in 1950–51 for the Louisville Alumnites.
He is the host of the TV shows IBILIB: Wonders of Horus which airs every Sunday morning on GMA Network and '1-on-1 Tiu-torials' on TV 5.
Morrison was part of the New Orleans Hornets' pre-season roster but did not make the final cut.
He graduated from the University of Illinois with a degree in speech communications.
Eleftherios "Lefteris" Kakiousis is a retired Greek professional basketball player and a professional basketball coach.
In 2008, he moved to Gandía BA, in Spain.
Gabe York is an American professional basketball player for Medi Bayreuth of the Basketball Bundesliga.
He played college basketball at the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington.
Alfonso Clark "Trey" Burke III is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association.
Jeffrey Alan "Jeff" Slade was an American professional basketball player.
He also played for the Philippines men's national basketball team.
Edwin C. "Eddie" Oram was an American basketball player.
the following year she was selected for the 2012 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship.
Mindaugas Žukauskas is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player, a former captain of the Lithuanian national basketball team.
On June 27, 2001 he was acquired by Sacramento Kings with Mike Bibby for Jason Williams and Nick Anderson.
For the 2009-10 season Fox moved back to Bundesliga basketball, playing for the New Yorker Phantoms Braunschweig.
Juan Ramón Rivas Contreras is a Puerto Rican retired professional basketball player.
Witherspoon played college basketball for the University of Florida, and was selected in the second round of the 1997 WNBA Draft.
Horton was First Team All-Big Ten in 1988–89.
As a member of CSKA Moscow, Holden won two EuroLeague titles, in 2006 and 2008.
Malcolm Malik Mackey is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Phoenix Suns in the first round of the 1993 NBA draft.
He also won the 1978 Italian league title while in Varèse.
Maria Alexandrovna Stepanova is a Russian professional and Olympic basketball player.
After his basketball career, he became a hospital-care investigator, a sales representative and a stockbroker.
Although he was also signed by the Miami Heat in October 1994, he was waived a few days later, before the 1994–95 season began.
He was a 2.18 m, 118 kg center and played college basketball at the University of Washington, in Seattle, United States.
During his 20 year career, he also played for the Indios de Mayagüez, Criollos de Caguas, Maratonistas de Coamo, and Capitanes de Arecibo.
Przemysław Zamojski is a Polish professional basketball player who currently plays for Basket Zielona Góra of the Polish Basketball League.
He won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award in 2010, 2014 and 2016, becoming the first three-time winner of the award in NBA history.
In 2001, he was named to the Indiana University All-Century Team.
Dell Demps is a retired American professional basketball player, current vice president and general manager of the New Orleans Pelicans.
She has also played for the Canberra Nationals in the Waratah Basketball League.
Dávid Vojvoda is a Hungarian professional basketball player who currently plays for Szolnoki Olaj KK and the Hungarian national team.
He played high school basketball at Metropolitan High School in New York and college basketball at Long Island University.
He mainly plays the shooting guard position.
The station features the "Z107.7 Morning Show", hosted by Gary Daigneault and Pat Michaels.
His father, Ambrose W. Hewlett, was the mayor of Bath.
He was part of the U.S. men's national basketball team, which won the gold medal.
Colón spent his entire career as a point guard for the Leones de Ponce of the BSN from 1987 to 2008.
In 2009, he became an assistant coach for the University of Pennsylvania's men's basketball team.
Gibson played three seasons of collegiate basketball for the USC Trojans and was selected 26th overall by the Bulls in the 2009 NBA draft.
He played for the 76ers in the NBA for 5 games and for the New Orleans Buccaneers in the ABA for 78 games.
She announced her retirement from the WNBA at the conclusion of the 2009 season.
Szolack became a favorite among the Globetrotters and was selected as the "unwitting" participant in many of their pre-determined entertainment plays.
Smith was selected in the second round of the 1974 NBA draft by the Philadelphia 76ers.
He attended and worked for Queen's University Belfast.
Valerie Olivia Whiting is a former professional basketball player.
Kei Igarashi is a Japanese professional basketball player.
He followed Goorjian to the Sydney Kings where he won three consecutive titles from 2003 to 2005.
He previously spent nine seasons with the Knox Raiders and had a short stint with the Adelaide 36ers in 2012.
Steiner died on February 1, 2012, in Bonita Springs, Florida.
He played for Syracuse University and was drafted by the NBA's New York Knicks in 2010, with the eighth pick of the second round.
A 6'9" forward/center from the University of Denver, Beck was one of six players who participated in all nine seasons of the original American Basketball Association.
Celedon Camaso better known as Don Camaso is a professional basketball player currently played for the Judiciary Magis in the UNTV Cup.
Parfait Bitee is a Cameroonian basketball player with the University of Rhode Island.
King's nickname in college was "the Mule."
Nowak later played for the Toledo Jim Whites Chevrolets, Rochester Royals, and Philadelphia Sphas.
At the time, he had been the Warriors' longest-tenured player.
After not playing for the Sharks in 2014, Wheeler continued on with the club in 2015, 2016 and 2017.
She was selected with the 14th overall pick in the 2005 WNBA Draft in the second round, out of Tennessee.
Ruach played college basketball for York University and competed for Father Michael Goetz Secondary School in his previous seasons.
He played college basketball for Texas A&M University.
He was named first team All-Big Eight and a Helms Foundation All-American.
He is the only coach in basketball history to win both an NCAA national championship and an NBA title.
Pure Energy, he is widely hailed by fans, legends, and hall of famers as one of the best scorers of all-time in the PBA.
Born in Tupelo, Mississippi, White is 5'7" tall and weighs 154 lb.
He played college basketball at Robert Morris University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Adam Gibson is an Australian professional basketball player for the Brisbane Bullets of the National Basketball League.
Christon was one of twenty players named to the national team pool.
He is often used as power forward or center.
He is the son of former NBA player Tony Price.
He has worked in coaching, player development and scouting at the NBA, NBA D-League, Continental Basketball Association, and international levels.
Standing at 2.10 m, he plays both the power forward and center positions.
He then played one season in the National Basketball Association with the Houston Rockets.
He was subsequently recalled by Yulon who initially signed him and allowed him to play for the BoT, and formally became a Yulon Dino.
After a season in Washington, he went to Europe and played two seasons of basketball in Italy before retiring from the sport.
George Lawrence Mikan III is an American former professional basketball player.
Marshall Harrison Plumlee is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Knicks of the National Basketball Association.
He also set an NCAA record with 15 points in an overtime period.
Josh Magette is an American professional basketball player for the South Bay Lakers of the NBA G League.
During his high school days he set a Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic League four-year scoring record of 2,376 points that endured until 1993.
He played collegiately for New York University and was selected by the New York Knicks in the 1952 NBA Draft.
He is also a member of the Indonesia national basketball team.
In his NBA career, Sutton played in a total of 168 games and averaged 4.5 ppg.
Michael Horus Hall is an American professional basketball player for Pallacanestro Biella of the Serie A2 Basket.
She joined the Mystics in 2001, and was named head coach of the team in 2002.
Benjamim João Romano is a former Angolan basketball player.
Yunkus was a star player at Benton High School in Benton, Illinois, where he led the Rangers to a 61–2 record over his last two seasons.
On May 2013, Ndoniema was summoned for the 2013 Afrobasket preliminary Angolan squad.
Carr played six seasons in the NBA for the Suns, Minnesota Timberwolves, New Jersey Nets, Golden State Warriors, Chicago Bulls and Boston Celtics.
Anderson was a high school star at George Washington Carver High School of Engineering & Science in Philadelphia.
Gediminas Orelik is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Reyer Venezia Mestre of the Lega Basket Serie A.
Steven Gray is an American professional basketball player who last played for Lavrio of the Greek Basket League.
Ryan Christian Anderson is an American professional basketball player for the London Lightning of the National Basketball League of Canada.
He was drafted by the Orlando Magic in the 1994 NBA Draft.
Wojciech Myrda is a retired Polish professional basketball player.
Aigars Nerips is a professional Latvian basketball coach currently signed with Latvian club TTT Riga.
His professional basketball career was a one-year stint in Ireland in 1994–95.
Marianna Raguž is a former Croatian female professional basketball player.
Burtscher hinted his retirement on September 10, 2016 on his Facebook account citing that his 'heart isn't on the game anymore'.
Preston Demond Knowles is an American professional basketball player for Maccabi Ashdod of the Israeli Basketball Premier League.
He helped the Bucks win the 1970–71 NBA Championship and the 1971–72 NBA Midwest Division.
In 1969 he was named an assistant at his alma mater, and in 1975 was named head coach at Walters State Community College in Morristown, Tennessee.
On November 7, 2008, Dial was selected as the 18th pick in the ninth round of the 2008 NBA D-League Draft by the Tulsa 66ers.
James Patrick Forrester is a Filipino-Canadian professional basketball player who currently plays for GlobalPort Batang Pier in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Steven Michael Henson is a retired American professional basketball player, who was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 2nd round of the 1990 NBA draft.
He has played professionally in Germany and the Netherlands.
He played college basketball for Michigan State.
Spears received All-American honors in 1948 after leading Western Kentucky to a third-place finish in the National Invitation Tournament.
Stephens served as an assistant coach for his son's team.
Blackman was born in Panama City, Panama, and raised in Brooklyn, New York, from the age of eight.
Chris Hill is an American former professional basketball player who has played in Liga II, the Lithuanian Basketball League and the Baltic Basketball League.
As a redshirt senior in 2010–11, he averaged 21.5 points and 3.3 rebounds per game.
Dennis "Mo" Layton is a retired American professional basketball player.
Monika Veselovski is a Serbian female professional basketball player.
He was a 6'8" 220 lb small forward.
Eddie Shannon is now an assistant coach for the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga.
Oliver Popović is retired Serbian professional basketball player and current head coach of Napredak Kruševac in the Basketball League of Serbia.
Robert Henry "Bob" Ociepka is a former American basketball coach.
He played with five other NBA teams, as well as in Greece, Spain, Poland and Italy.
Mario Deantwan Little is an American professional basketball player for Maccabi Ashdod of the Israeli Basketball Premier League.
Jenkins earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from UC Berkeley in 1990.
Jim Eyen is a basketball assistant coach for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association.
He spent just 19 games with the Hawks, however, before being traded to the New York Knicks, with whom he would spend most of his career.
He was a part of the Slovak National team.
Kendal Nathaniel "Tiny" Pinder is a Bahamian former professional basketball player.
While born in Malaysia, Tovey grew up in Perth and has always called Western Australia home.
Al Salvadori played one season for Oakland.
Albert R. "Al" Ferrari was an American basketball player.
Moamen Abouelanin is an Egyptian basketball player for Al Ittihad and the Egyptian national team, where he participated at the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
His son, Zam Fredrick, Jr., was a member of three of those.
James S. Nolan was an American professional basketball player.
He played two seasons for the Packers and one for the Waterloo Hawks, averaging 8.1 points per game in 1948–49.
He was a center, and at the end of his career, he also played as a play maker.
She has also played on teams that won the National Women's Basketball League championship, the gold medal at the Olympic Games, and the 2010 EuroCup Championship.
Erik Murphy is an American-Finnish professional basketball player for SIG Strasbourg of the LNB Pro A.
Bekir Yarangüme is a Turkish professional basketball player currently playing for Darüşşafaka & Doğuş.
He was a member of the Puerto Rico National Basketball Team in 2006.
Gregory "Greg" Kelser is a retired American basketball player and current television color commentator.
At that time, freshmen were not allowed to play on the varsity squad.
He was an NBL Canada All-Star in 2014 and earned All-League honors for the 2013–14 season.
He played college basketball for Oakland University.
He also played three seasons in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Syracuse Nationals and Detroit Pistons.
Walker is best known for his National Basketball Association career—both as a player and as a front office executive—for the Seattle SuperSonics.
He stayed with the club until the 2006/07 NBL season to head north to play for the Townsville Crocodiles.
Boushka eventually became the president of team sponsor Vickers Petroleum.
After college, Irving played for Manila and Anderlecht, before playing three years in Israel for Elitzur Tel Aviv and Beitar Tel Aviv.
He was a member of the Jugoplastika team of the late 1980s and early 1990s, which he helped to win two EuroLeague titles.
He was selected by the Baltimore Bullets in the first round of the 1948 BAA draft.
He was selected to the NBA All-Star Game and All-NBA Team once, both in the 2003–04 season.
He was selected by the San Francisco Warriors in the 4th round of the 1967 NBA draft.
He was part of the Tall Blacks team multiple times and competed for NZ at the U/16, U/18 and U/20 junior levels.
Sports Third-Team All-American and an AP Honorable Mention All-American.
A 6'1" guard from St. John's University, McMahon was selected by the Rochester Royals in the 1952 NBA draft.
He plays for Hiroshima Dragonflies of the Japanese B.League.
He pursued a career in the NBL, however, and played both the forward and guard positions.
The popular Igarashi was also named to the JBL All-Star Game as the leading point guard vote-getter for the East.
In that time the team went to two NCAA tournaments and appeared once in the National Invitational Tournament.
Jaynetta Carrol Saunders is a former professional basketball player.
Anthony Remeral Gill is an American basketball player for Khimki of the VTB United League and the EuroLeague.
He later ran the Adopt-A-School Program in New York City.
O'Brien also played in the American Basketball League and Professional Basketball League of America.
Abdoulaye M'Baye is a French basketball player who plays for French Pro A league club Gravelines.
At 6'10", he played the forward position and was born in Omsk, Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, Soviet Union.
Alfred C. "Allie" McGuire is a former guard in the National Basketball Association.
Haris Brkić was a Yugoslav basketball player.
Rudolph "Rudy" Tomjanovich Jr. is an American retired basketball player and coach who coached the Houston Rockets to two consecutive NBA championships.
Standing at 2.01 m, he plays at the small forward position.
Shane Edwards is an American professional basketball player for the Delaware 87ers of the NBA Development League.
Next season he moved to Estonian powerhouse Kalev until 2000.
He played college basketball for Florida State.
Jason Victor Smith is an American professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association.
He played college basketball for Northern Illinois and Iowa State.
Jerry Alan West is an American retired basketball player who played his entire professional career for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association.
There is where he earned honors as a two-time Junior College "All-American", with an average of 23 points, 10 rebounds, and 10 assists.
He is also a former member of the RP National Basketball Team.
In his NBA career, he averaged 6.7 points per game.
Kenyon Lee Martin is an American former professional basketball player who played 15 seasons in the National Basketball Association.
Anthony Jerome "Spud" Webb is an American retired professional basketball point guard.
Wesam Al-Sous is an Jordanian professional basketball player.
Walker is a member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity.
and Cholet Basket during the 2004-05 season.
Vojislav Stojanović is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Orlandina Basket of the Serie A.
She played collegiately for the Kansas Jayhawks where she was named a second-team All-American during her senior season.
He played college basketball for Saint Joseph's University, where he was named National college player of the year in 2004.
He played college basketball for Portland State, and after that spent time playing professionally in the Netherlands, Germany, Austria, Ukraine and Belgium.
Miyem also supports hip-hop group Eklectik in their "Face Cancer" initiative, a project aimed at raising awareness of cancer through music.
Tim Frazier is an American professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association.
Andrew Tyler Hansbrough is an American professional basketball player for the Guangzhou Long-Lions of the Chinese Basketball Association.
In September 2007, Beck and a friend were shot during an attempted robbery on them in Memphis.
At 6'0" and 185 lb, he played as a guard.
His career average of 28.0 ppg is the highest in school history, and his career rebound average of over 12 per game is the second highest.
Donald Dulay is a Filipino-American former professional basketball player.
During the 2008–09 season, he received numerous honors from the Atlantic 10 Conference including Defensive Player of the Year, All-Defensive Team, and Second Team all conference.
Following his junior college career, Stanich teamed with his younger brother George at UCLA.
Marcio Lassiter is a Filipino-American professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association.
He currently plays for Mens Sana Siena in the Italian League Associazione Lega Nazionale Pallacanestro.
During his career, Cage earned the nicknames "John Shaft" and "Windexman" for his rebounding prowess and hard work on defense.
The center was named the NBA Most Valuable Player three times and was a 12-time NBA All-Star and an eight-time All-NBA selection.
Parkhill guided Penn State to four straight 20-win seasons before starting play in the Big Ten in 1992-93.
In February 2009, he was elected President of the Serbian Olympic Committee for a 4-year term  and re-elected in November 2012.
He played for the Blazers, Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets.
In July 2011, Sharp retired as a player.
He was utilized primarily as a backup point guard.
She was with the New York Liberty for the 2006 through 2009 seasons.
She is 195 cm tall and weighs 90 kg.
Jonathon Calvin Simmons is an American professional basketball player for the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association.
One of the school’s most potent long-range shooters, Chuckie Williams was a four-year letterman from 1972-76.
He has helped many youth prepare for college.
Joel Vincent Anthony is a Canadian professional basketball player who is currently a free agent.
He is also responsible for player development.
He also became an import in the Philippine Basketball Association played with the Shell Rimula X in 1992.
He graduated from Colegio de San Juan de Letran.
While playing for Montepaschi Siena in the 2012–13 season, Brown tied a EuroLeague scoring record since the 2000–01 season, with 41 points.
Frederick O'Neal "Fred" Vinson is a retired American professional basketball player formerly in the National Basketball Association.
Claude Andre Gregory is a retired American professional basketball player from Washington, D.C..
"Bob" Riley is an American former professional basketball player.
Víctor Claver Arocas is a Spanish professional basketball player for FC Barcelona Lassa of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
On September 20, Siler was invited to practice for the Phoenix Suns.
He is a 6'7" tall shooting guard-small forward.
She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics where France won a silver medal.
Jones was ejected from the Gold Medal game after an altercation with a Soviet player.
Efe Aydan was a role model with the exemplary personality and sportsmanship he displayed throughout his career.
Yassin Markus Idbihi is a former German professional basketball player.
Levente Szijarto is a Romanian professional basketball player for Steaua București of the Romanian League.
In recent years, Reid has hosted basketball clinics for young athletes in several countries, such as India.
Julian Khazzouh is a Lebanese-Australian professional basketball player who last played for the Sydney Kings of the National Basketball League.
She was also a member of the Brazil women's national basketball team which competed at the 2015 Pan American Games.
He was the first international player to play in the NBA Finals for two different teams.
6 jersey was retired by both the Wildcats and his junior association, the Stirling Senators.
Clinton Belmar Wager was a professional football and basketball player.
His wife, Teddy Eddleman, accepted his award.
He also earned the Bob Cousy Award in 2015.
Larry O. Johnson is an American retired basketball player who had a brief career in the NBA.
He is 6'10" tall and 225 lb..
He is currently in his first season as an assistant coach at the University of Nevada Reno.
He played 11 years in the National Basketball Association for the Kings and the Miami Heat averaging 4.9 ppg in his career.
Robert Jacob "Jake" Voskuhl is retired American professional basketball player.
Gjorgje Vojnovic is a former Macedonian professional basketball Swingman who played for MZT Skopje Aerodrom and Rabotnički.
Wilson, whose nickname is simply "Bun," played at Leesville High School in Louisiana and college basketball at Louisiana State University.
He has previously played in Spain, Turkey, Italy, Poland and Lebanon.
Before joining the NBA, Russell was a star player at the University of Michigan.
Fran Pilepić is a Croatian professional basketball player who last played for Pallacanestro Cantù of the Italian Serie A.
Federico Martín Van Lacke Falco is a professional basketball player.
He was formally inducted on August 13.
Born in Flint, Michigan, he helped the University of Michigan Wolverines to the 1989 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship.
In 2016 Williams' jersey was retired by USC.
Shannon Scott is an American professional basketball player who last played for Doxa Lefkadas of the Greek Basket League.
At the club competition level, he won Russian League title two times with CSKA Moscow, in 1997 and 1998.
Ezeli won an NBA Championship with the Warriors in 2015.
He was named to the 1971 ABA All-Rookie team.
After serving in the United States Navy and coaching in high school, he rejoined Wooden at UCLA as an assistant coach.
He is the most successful coach in Australian basketball history.
He played college basketball for Arizona State University.
He is also the father of former Charlotte Hornets point guard Cory Higgins.
He was also named the league's All-Star Game MVP that same year, and Newcomer of the Year.
Chavano Rainier "Buddy" Hield is a Bahamian professional basketball player for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association.
David A. Scholz was an American National Basketball Association player.
Ante Toni Žižić is a Croatian professional basketball player for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association.
Naulls spent his last three professional seasons with the Celtics, winning three NBA Championship rings in the process.
Ronald "Ron" Carter Jr. is a retired American basketball player.
Ramón Clemente is an American-born Puerto Rican professional basketball player who currently plays for Ciclista Olímpico of the Liga Nacional de Básquet.
He was drafted in the 2010 NBA Development League Draft by the Maine Red Claws but cut prior to the season.
Bonner played college basketball for the University of Florida before being selected by the Chicago Bulls with the 45th overall pick in the 2003 NBA draft.
Olumide Oyedeji is a Nigerian-British professional basketball center who played in the NBA for 3 seasons.
Sabonis is considered one of the best big man passers as well as one of the best overall centers in the history of the game.
He was drafted in the second round of the 1970 NBA Draft by the Portland Trail Blazers and would play one season with the team.
In 2003, he was the first overall pick of Alaska Aces in the 2003 PBA draft.
He was subsequently named team co-captain for his return season.
He is currently playing with Aiolos Astakos.
She is a member of the Australia women's national basketball team and won a medal with them at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
I look forward to getting out there and meeting with the coach.
Before signing with the Storm in 2014, she was drafted number 20 overall in the 2010 WNBA Draft.
In October 2012 he took over MZT Skopje and won the Macedonian championship.
Brown played at the University of Illinois from 2002 to 2006, receiving numerous awards and accolades, including the 2005 Sporting News National Player of the Year.
He is a former college basketball player with the University of Alabama.
He is married to Janet, and the couple have four children, James, Bridget, Stephanie, and Andrew.
Timothy John Lang is an Australian professional basketball player for the Dandenong Rangers of the South East Australian Basketball League.
Göktürk Gökalp Ural is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays for Galatasaray Liv Hospital of the Turkish Basketball League.
He was selected with the 22nd overall pick in the 2010 NBA draft by the Portland Trail Blazers.
Harden is a two-time member of the United States national basketball team, winning gold medals in both the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2014 FIBA World Cup.
He was a three-sport athlete at Bridgeport High School in Bridgeport, Ohio and one of his boyhood friends was Baseball Hall of Fame pitcher Phil Niekro.
Tiffany Michelle Brissette is a former American child actress.
Mina Maksimović is a former Serbian professional basketball player and a former member of the Serbian national team.
He played for the Indiana Pacers, Sacramento Kings and Charlotte Hornets.
His brother Michael Grinnell is also a basketball prospect.
Muli Katzurin is an Israeli basketball coach, who since early 2008 has been coach of the national basketball team of Poland.
He played college basketball at Kansas State University.
Ana Božić is a Croatian basketball player.
He was an Academic All-American, and declined a Rhodes Scholarship to the University of Oxford in order to play professional basketball.
He attended college at Washington & Jefferson College.
Husslein has represented Guam at senior level, winning the gold medal at the 2014 Micronesian Games and the 2015 Pacific Games.
He recorded four points and four rebounds.
The Kalev fans gave a warm welcome to the former team star.
Adam Edward Chubb is a former American basketball player.
Sparrow, a 6'2" guard, was selected 75th overall of the 1980 NBA Draft by the New Jersey Nets.
As a sophomore, he was a unanimous 2016–17 All-Big East first team selection for the 2016–17 Wildcats.
He was also under preseason contract with the Denver Nuggets and Seattle SuperSonics.
John Michael Beasley is a retired American professional basketball player born in Texarkana, Texas.
David Arnold is an American professional basketball player for the Saigon Heat of the ASEAN Basketball League.
Jessica Nicole Breland is an American basketball player for the Chicago Sky of the Women's National Basketball Association.
He plays at both guard positions and is nicknamed "The Jet".
Andrej Lemanis is a Latvian Australian professional basketball coach.
In addition, Beck was selected three straight years to the All-OVC First Team.
A 6'3 guard, he was an All-American college player at Oklahoma City University and a second round pick in the 1954 NBA draft.
The 26 disqualifications he had in his first year is still the NBA single-season record.
She has also played in the WNBA for the New York Liberty, the Houston Comets and the Seattle Storm.
Melisa Can aka Michelle Marie Campbell is U.S. born Turkish female basketball player at the power forward position who plays for Adana ASKİ.
He has been named the Hawks' Defensive Player of the Year on three occasions.
He played college basketball for the Arizona Wildcats, earning second-team all-conference honors in the Pac-12 as a senior in 2015–16.
David Barakau Wesley is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA and CBA.
In 1965, he grabbed 42 rebounds in a game; only Wilt Chamberlain and Bill Russell recorded more rebounds in an NBA game.
During his prime, he was widely recognized as one of the best offensive players in Asia.
Joe Lapchick, the regular head coach, was hospitalized to treat a stomach disorder.
Kelly Miller is a professional basketball player who most recently played for the New York Liberty.
He was selected in with the 35th overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft by the Utah Jazz, and later traded to the Memphis Grizzlies.
He was drafted in the second round of the 1970 NBA draft by the Seattle SuperSonics and would play two seasons with the team.
Upon graduating from college, Holland was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the fifth round of the 1975 NBA Draft.
John T. "Jackie" Moore is a retired American professional basketball player.
He is known for his long range shooting.
Maurice Franklin McHartley is an American former professional basketball player.
Andrew Eugene Crawford is an American professional basketball player who last played for MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg of the Basketball Bundesliga.
By far, Hairston has made his biggest contributions to the sport of basketball as a prep coach.
Standing at 2.11 m, he can play as a power forward or center.
Kevin Young is an American basketball coach who is an assistant coach for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association.
He was the team's first ever selection.
Carlos Cazorla Medina is a retired Spanish basketball player, playing the small forward position.
He is a 1.88 m tall point guard who plays at Club Melilla Baloncesto.
He is currently playing for Saba Battery BC in the Iranian Super League.
While the Cougars bowed out in the second round in the NCAAs, they won the NIT – defeating Dayton 62–43 in the final.
He played nine seasons in Oklahoma City before signing with the Warriors in 2016, winning the championship in his debut season with the team.
Andrej Dzaković is a professional basketball player.
He was drafted fourth overall in the 2008 PBA draft by the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters.
He also appeared in the Walt Disney movie Glory Road.
He was born in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho and he grew up in Blaine, Washington.
He was known as a rugged player who was difficult to contain in the low post offensively while providing a stiff challenge defensively.
Lacy was born in El Paso, Texas, and is the daughter of Austin and Pauline Lacy.
Parks was named first team All-Missouri Valley Conference in 1946 and 1948, and was named second team all-conference in 1949.
He is a former All-Big Ten Conference guard who played three seasons for the Michigan Wolverines team.
He served as a head coach for the NBA's Houston Rockets, Milwaukee Bucks, and Los Angeles Lakers, as well as the Legends.
He played college basketball at Loyola Marymount and University of California, Los Angeles in the United States.
Born in Evanston, Illinois, his father is of Italian descent.
Nataša Kovačević is a former Serbian professional basketball player.
Rivers played college basketball at Georgetown University, before transferring to Indiana University.
For his contributions to the game of basketball he was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1991.
Renato "Ato" Agustin is a Filipino former professional basketball player and current coach.
He was a member of the Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity.
Ante Grgurević is a Croatian professional basketball player.
A 6'4" guard from Hazard High School in Kentucky, Cox starred at the University of Kentucky from 1956 to 1959.
Jones played college basketball at Temple University and was the 1993–94 Atlantic 10 Player of the Year.
For the USC professor, see Kirk Snyder.
The Sacramento Kings, the present holders of the franchise, continue the honor.
Courty was a three-time all-conference selection while an Oklahoma Sooner.
Richard Wayne Dumas is a retired American professional basketball player.
He debuted professionally for Luxembourg club Amicale Steinsel for the 2004-05 season.
He is best known for his time as head coach of Princeton University for 30 years and his use of the 'Princeton offense'.
A 6'1" guard from Roselle, Illinois, Sunderlage played collegiately at the University of Illinois, earning the Chicago Tribune Silver Basketball award in 1951.
In Chicago, he has played amateur 3-on-3 basketball with other Ivy League athletes at national competitions.
He competed as part of the Republic of China's squad at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1989–90, Roth played for Bill Musselman, when the latter became the first head coach of the Timberwolves.
My own boy will never make the same mistake I did."
He was a 6'11", 220 lb power forward/center.
Apolinário Paquete, is an Angolan basketball coach.
At a height of 6 ft 4 in tall, he played as a point guard-shooting guard.
Tolson was also selected in the 7th round of the 1974 American Basketball Association Draft by the New York Nets.
He was a first-team All-ACC Tournament choice in 1991 and a second-team All-ACC Tournament selection in 1990.
He currently plays for Angolan side Primeiro de Agosto at the Angolan basketball league BAI Basket.
Richey was named a second team consensus All-American at the conclusion of the season.
Julius Clay van Sauers is a Dutch basketball player.
He specializes in defense and plays the point guard position.
He was selected 25th overall in the 2013 PBA draft by the Petron Blaze Boosters.
He was hired by the Lakers after seven games into the 2012–13 season.
Kunze was drafted by the St. Louis Hawks, but instead chose to purse a career in Belgium.
As a junior and senior, he was named South Carolina Player of the Year, and was a McDonald's All-American nominee.
Dontonio B. Wingfield is an American former professional basketball player, mainly in the power forward position.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Angola women's national basketball team in the women's event.
Born in Newport News, Virginia, he attended Norfolk State University.
He fueled the success of Nike's Air Jordan sneakers, which were introduced in 1985 and remain popular today.
Justin Aaron Jackson is an American basketball player for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association.
Kingma was born in Manly, New South Wales, where he started his basketball playing as a junior.
Angelo "Monchito" Cruz was a Puerto Rican professional basketball player.
He played college basketball for McLennan CC and Midwestern State.
He was known for his distinctive curly, blond hair along with his patented step back behind the head jumper during his playing days.
On 22 March 2014, Hinder played his 350th and final NBL game in an 88-79 victory over the Sydney Kings.
Nemanja Jelesijevic is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for Gimle BBK Bergen of the Norway First League.
He currently plays for Tigers Tübingen in the Basketball Bundesliga.
His brief NBA career ended with the Dallas Mavericks in 1984–85.
Ante Krapić is a Croatian professional basketball player who last played for Lietkabelis Panevėžys of the Lithuanian League.
He played professionally in the American Basketball Association from 1968 to 1975.
The Rochester Royals won the NBA's Western Division that season but fell to the Minneapolis Lakers in the second round of the playoffs.
In the United States, McCaskill also appeared for the CBA's Fort Wayne Fury in 1997-98, and the Albany Patroons.
On 15 December 2016, Danilović became the President of Basketball Federation of Serbia.
He played 14 NBA seasons with a total of four teams, amassing respectable career totals of 7,492 points, 2,456 assists and 3,139 rebounds.
After retiring from playing he joined the basketball department of an international marketing company, ISL Marketing, based in Lucerne, Switzerland.
Anton Ponomarev is a Kazakhstani professional basketball player for BC Astana.
Clark serves both International and Domestic Flights, with over 15 flights per day.
Standing as a 6'5"ft shooting guard, he has played collegiately for Washington State University.
Demetris Nichols is an American professional basketball player for Cedevita Zagreb of the Croatian League.
He was also an assistant coach at his alma mater UNLV under coach Dave Rice.
He played for the Knicks and Los Angeles Clippers.
He recently played for Ironi Nes Ziona of the Israeli Basketball Premier League.
Assorted injuries plagued his career, including two knee problems that kept him benched for 29 games in 1992–1993 and 30 games in 1993–1994.
Geron Johnson is an American professional basketball player who plays for the Louaize Club of the Lebanese Basketball League.
Tarek Ammoury, born January 29, 1990 in Michigan United States, is a Lebanese professional basketball player currently playing for Tadamon Zouk in the Lebanese Basketball League.
He played college basketball for the University of Dayton.
He played for the Lakers in the NBA for 1 game.
After a successful high school run, he decided to play college basketball for the Tennessee Volunteers.
Standing at 6 ft 10 in, he plays at the power forward position.
One of the highest-paid athletes in the world, he holds endorsement deals with companies such as Nike and State Farm.
He teaches Business and Corporate Strategy at the undergraduate, graduate and MBA level.
Born in Bottineau, North Dakota, he currently lives in Terre Haute, Indiana and was the head men's basketball coach at Indiana State University for 12 seasons.
He won two CBA championships while playing for the Wilmington Blue Bombers in 1966 and 1967.
He was a 6'9" 230 lb center.
Ingelsby is the father of Delaware coach Martin Ingelsby, and coached his son at Archbishop Carroll High School.
Spears also played during the 1950–51 season for the Louisville Alumnites of the National Professional Basketball League.
After a quarterfinal finish in the Commissioner's Cup, Agustin was fired as the head coach of Ginebra and was replaced by assistant coach Frankie Lim.
On December 11, 1980, Toyota was playing against the Crispa in Game 3 of the 1980 PBA All-Filipino Conference Finals.
Rush has also played for the Golden State Warriors, Utah Jazz, and Minnesota Timberwolves, winning the 2015 NBA championship with the Warriors.
He played for the Blackhawks, Milwaukee Hawks and Rochester Royals in the NBA for 291 games.
He played collegiate basketball at the Jose Rizal University.
Newmark later played in Israel for Hapoel Tel Aviv during the 1973–74 and 1977–78 seasons.
Teoman Alibegović is former Bosnian-Slovenian professional basketball player, coach and manager.
He currently plays for Kouvot of the Korisliiga and for the Finnish national basketball team.
However, Tomjanovich resigned after 41 games into the 2004–05 season.
He also represented Serbia and Montenegro national basketball team internationally.
The End of Spring by Sahar Khalifeh
Riquna "Bay Bay" Williams is an American basketball player for the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Reginald Wayne "Reggie" Miller is an American retired professional basketball player who played his entire 18-year National Basketball Association career with the Indiana Pacers.
There he was a four-year starter for the Golden Eagles, leading the team in scoring for his final three years.
Nicknamed D-Energizer for his energetic style of play, he was drafted third overall by the Sta.
Following the season, he was named a first team All-American by the USBWA and was invited to the U.S. Olympic tryouts.
In 2003-2004 Hurd was named the 2004 Southland Conference Most Valuable Player after leading the conference in scoring with 19.4 points per game.
He also represents the senior Russian national basketball team.
After starring as a junior basketballer in Sunbury, he attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 1997.
At the time of his graduation, he was only one of 10 players to ever accomplish that feat.
She also has played professionally in France, Spain, and Korea, and for the New England team in the American Basketball League.
Brandon Cole is an American professional basketball player who played college basketball for Xavier.
In October 2007, Brown was inducted into the Howard County Sports Hall of Fame.
Jelena Stanković is a former Serbian women's basketball player.
He also represented German national basketball team in the international competitions.
He has represented the Latvian national team in EuroBasket 2011.
Ram previously competed for Trinity College and River Hill High School.
He played three years for the University of Kentucky Wildcats before transferring to Manhattan College.
Jelena Jovanović is a Serbian women's basketball player.
Nili Natkho was an Israeli-Circassian basketball player who played for Maccabi Raanana and Elitzur Ramla.
He then worked for the Converse shoe company.
In 1970 he shared UNESCO International Fair Play Award with another Spaniard, soccer player Pedro Zaballa.
She also won a gold medal for her participation at the 2011 Parapan American Games and was a four-time NWWBT Champion.
His NBA career lasted from 1980 to 1989, playing with the New Jersey Nets, Washington Bullets, Denver Nuggets, and San Antonio Spurs.
David Lee Rivers is a retired American professional basketball player, and former Associate Head Coach of the Kennesaw State Owls.
He played collegiate basketball for Ohio University.
Despite his size, Williams was a highly skilled basketball player.
He was also a two-time Big South Tournament MVP in 2000 and 2002.
He is a 1.98 m tall shooting guard-small forward.
Louis Charles "Lou" Tsioropoulos was a Greek-American professional basketball player who played for the NBA's Boston Celtics for three seasons from 1956–1959.
Narvaez was drafted by the Albuquerque Thunderbirds with the 1st pick of the fourth round of the 2006 NBDL Draft.
Stanley Zadel was a professional basketball player.
The Helms Athletic Foundation, which began in 1936, retroactively named the All-American teams from 1905 to 1935.
He instead signed in Belgium and played for the next six seasons in Belgium, Hungary, Germany and Finland.
In 1962, he became the first of only two players in NBA history to average a triple-double for a season.
He attended Wamego High School in Wamego, Kansas.
Vernon Goodridge is an American professional basketball player for Indios de Ciudad Juárez of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional.
Schnittker helped the team to a Big Ten championship and Rose Bowl appearance.
"Not Magic or Dr. J, it's Andrew Toney that keeps me awake at night!"
He is the father of former NBA players Brent Barry and Jon Barry.
He currently plays for Lille of the LNB Pro B.
In the 2004 preseason he played for Golden State Warriors, he was waived before the regular season began.
For his career, Moss scored over 30 points eight times and made seven straight all tournament squads.
Vladimir "Vlado" Petrović-Stergiou is a Serbian-Greek professional basketball player.
A 6'9" forward from Marquette University, Crawford played in 7 NBA seasons, all with the Hawks.
He spent the biggest part of his career playing in France.
The 6-foot-9 forward played more than 20 minutes per game every season.
However, she left Vienna in 1929 to attend the Bauhaus in Dessau.
Ellison was made the first overall pick in the 1989 NBA draft by the Sacramento Kings.
He played for the Buffalo Bisons, Sheboygan Red Skins and Tri-Cities Blackhawks during the 1946–47 season.
He played for two teams, the Baltimore Bullets and the New York Knicks, during his career in the National Basketball Association.
Although they would lose to Utah in the first round, Fletcher had earned his second consecutive Sun Belt Player of the Year award.
Tamara Tatham is a Canadian professional basketball player.
He is the son of Alan Black.
He appeared in the 1957 NBA All-Star Game.
Foust was tied with Mel Hutchins for the NBA lead in rebounding in the 1951–52 season.
Jackson attended Illawarra Sports High School where he was honoured with Hall of Fame induction.
He is often referred to as "Captain Kirk" because he was voted as team captain for the Bulls for four consecutive years.
Alexander Gynes is an Australian professional basketball player for the Warrnambool Seahawks of the Big V Division 1.
Sotto was one of the promising big man and is known for his good shooting from the outside.
In the 2007–08 season, he was named the NBA Sixth Man of the Year.
The son of NBA Hall of Fame member, Rick Barry, has three younger brothers Jon, Brent and Drew, who also share his profession.
James Young is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association.
At the end of the game, his 14 jersey was retired by Primeiro de Agosto.
Following his junior year in high school, he averaged 31.5 points for the first eight games of his senior year.
His career took him to the American Basketball League, Basketball Association of America, and Eastern Professional Basketball League between 1944 and 1949.
Forbes later served as an assistant coach for the UTEP Miners before going to coach high school basketball in El Paso.
In her final two seasons, she was a first team all-Big-East selection.
He was traded two months later to the Houston Rockets in a trade that sent Scottie Pippen to the Trail Blazers.
Bolton has also served as a first lieutenant in the United States Army Reserves as a transportation officer.
Wallace Clayton "Wah Wah" Jones was an American professional basketball player.
Davage "Dave" Minor was a player in the National Basketball Association.
Lucio Angulo Espinosa is a retired Spanish professional basketball player.
Schweitz was head men's basketball coach at Francis Marion University for six seasons from July 2000 until March 2006 when his contract was not renewed.
She was first discovered during the summer going into her senior year of high school playing for Team Breakdown.
Adolph G. "Ade" Sieberts was an American basketball player, known best for his college career where he was Oregon State University's first All-American in the sport.
After college, Smith was drafted by the Cincinnati Royals in 1967 on the third round, but never played in the NBA.
Michael Lamont James is an American retired professional basketball player who last played for the Texas Legends of the NBA Development League.
He was the leading scorer on the 1923–24 and 1924-25 teams.
Giorgos Danas is a Greek professional basketball player for Filathlitikos of the .
In February 2016, Bugia was appointed as the team manager for the newly formed PBA team Phoenix Fuel Masters.
In addition to basketball, Lewis was a standout tennis player at Stanford.
He is also the founder of the JEHH Memorial Fund.
Nikolina Ilijanić is a Croatian female basketball player.
As a 6 ft 4 in forward/center, he was a rather tall player for his era.
He played collegiately for the Colgate University Raiders from 1945 to 1947.
Miranda Joy Ayim is a Canadian female basketball player, who most recently played for the Tulsa Shock of the Women's National Basketball Association.
On July 2011, he was signed by the Meralco Bolts.
She was born in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
He is a 1.87 m tall point guard.
Shaeffer was Alabama's first-ever professional basketball player.
Ward was selected by the St. Louis Hawks with the fifth pick of the 1963 NBA draft.
Other honors he has received include 2003-2004 All SEC, 2004-2005 Preseason All SEC, and 2005 Team outstanding rebounder.
Injury limited Whitney's professional career to just 70 games, and by 1989 he was homeless and addicted to cocaine.
As the Warriors' interim head coach in 2015–16, he guided the team to the longest winning streak to open a season in league history.
He scored 49 points in one game which is the school record.
Timothy "Tim" Brooks is an American former professional basketball player who played for Olimpas Plungė in Lithuania.
In his sophomore season at Villanova, Hart was named the Big East Tournament most outstanding player.
On the 29th of that same month, Sutor died at the age of 67.
He played 27 games as a senior in 1977–78, averaging 3.5 points and 3.3 rebounds per game.
Jon Neuhouser is an American basketball player.
Ojougboh was named to the CAA All-Academic First Team from 2005-2008.
He is also a member of the Iranian national basketball team.
He signed as a free agent with the Minnesota Timberwolves on October 2004, appearing in 44 games over the course of the entire season.
He majored in interdisciplinary studies at the University of Memphis.
Hirsch's involvement with gamblers led to a ban from minor league baseball for the promising first baseman prospect.
In her WNBA career, Darling has more than 1,000 career points, 650 assists and 250 career steals and has appeared in 19 career WNBA playoff games.
Muamer Taletović is a Bosnian professional basketball player who last played for Triland of the Bosnian League.
Indiana defeated Kansas 69–68 in the championship game, but Born won the tournament's Most Outstanding Player award.
The team went a perfect 16–0 in the SoCon and Winters was named conference player of the year by both the conference media and coaches.
Playing as a point guard, Gentile had a successful club career, amassing a slew of team trophies won in Italy and Greece, including the EuroLeague title.
She played the center position for the Washington Mystics in the WNBA until being waived 6 July 2009.
Born in Berea, Kentucky, Evans played collegiately at the University of Kentucky.
Tilleman had an unprecedented athletic career at the University of Calgary in Canada.
Dwayne Clinton Jones is an American professional basketball player for Atenas de Córdoba of the Liga Nacional de Básquet.
Spanoulis' transfer to Olympiacos in the summer of 2010 marked a new step in his career, given the feisty rivalry with Panathinaikos.
On January 26, 1975, She played in the first nationally televised women's intercollegiate basketball game.
His professional basketball career began with the Alaska Aces from 2001–2004, and in 2003 he won his only PBA championship.
Soko played college basketball for the University of Alabama at Birmingham and Duquesne University.
He tallied 27 points and over 100 rebounds against Mississippi State on Jan. 13.
A 6'3", 205-pound point guard / shooting guard, Brooks' professional career began in 2005–06 and has taken him to numerous countries and leagues around the world.
James Bernett Chones is an American former professional basketball player, and current radio analyst for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
He also won two Summer Olympics medals, a silver in 2012, and a bronze in 2016.
Werkman never played in an NBA game.
As starting center for Dallas, he played an integral role in the franchise's first NBA championship in 2011.
She plays for the Canada women's national basketball team.
He has also worked as an analyst on both radio and television broadcasts for the University of Memphis.
After retiring from basketball, Edwards produced movies.
Oriol Junyent Monuera is a retired professional Spanish basketball player who last played for Obradoiro CAB.
The 200 cm Queenslander is primarily a small forward but can also power forward and shooting guard.
Tai William Evans Wesley is an American professional basketball player for the Wellington Saints of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
Wilbert "Wil" Robinson Jr. is a former American Basketball Association player.
He was a two-time first-team All-SEC selection, received Associated Press honorable mention All-American honors twice, and was a senior team captain.
Adrian Bernard Caldwell is a retired American professional basketball player, who had a career in the National Basketball Association from 1989 to 1997.
On August 17, 2006, Carroll signed a contract with the Dallas Mavericks but was waived October 15 before the 2006-07 season started.
Gene banks are a type of biorepository which preserve genetic material.
Epameinondas-Savvas "Nondas" Papantoniou is a Greek professional basketball player who last played for Promitheas Patras of the Greek Basket League.
Mohammed Houari Bassim is a Moroccan basketball player.
He was awarded his first senior international cap aged 19 and was a rare British talent during a period of imported American players.
He played college basketball at the University of Kentucky and has played internationally and in the National Basketball Association.
Lee concluded his career in the Baloncesto Superior Nacional.
Monroe also played professionally in Australia, Greece, Israel, Italy), Fabriano Basket a.k.a.
Cedric Bryan Maxwell is an American retired professional basketball player now in radio broadcasting.
Standing at 1.91 m he plays at the point guard and shooting guard positions.
Lawrence "Lew" Massey was an American professional basketball player.
Fernando Martín Espina is considered to be one of the best Spanish basketball players ever.
Rock led the Trojans in scoring during 1942–43 and again in 1946–47.
In 2005-06 season he joined the Red Bull Barako spending most of his time on the reserve list.
However, he instead played in the ABA for the Los Angeles Stars.
In four NBL/BAA/NBA seasons, Kirk played for five different teams: the Fort Wayne Pistons, Indianapolis Jets, Anderson Packers, Tri-Cities Blackhawks and Milwaukee Hawks.
He played only three games with the Bulls during the 1967–68 season where he teamed with fellow McLeansboro native Jerry Sloan.
Amaya Gastaminza Ganuza is a Spanish professional basketball player.
Watson, a 6' 7" 190 lb shooting guard-small forward, was selected 47th overall by the Utah Jazz in the 1994 NBA draft.
Francis Stanley "Frank" Kaminsky III is an American professional basketball player for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association.
For college, the 6'7" forward/center chose nearby TCU.
Isaac Henry Sedric Fontaine IV is an American former professional basketball player.
On July 17, 2010, the Los Angeles Clippers announced that Iavaroni would become an assistant coach to newly hired Vinny Del Negro.
Felix Belano, is a Filipino retired professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association and the former head coach of the UV Green Lancers.
As well as his outstanding play, Bradtke was known in the early part of his NBL career for his mullet haircut.
He is the older brother of Mason Plumlee and Marshall Plumlee, who are currently free agents.
She also ended that season as the nation's second leading scorer at 26.7 points per game.
One of the most popular players in the league, Yap is the third all-time leading scorer in Purefoods history, behind Alvin Patrimonio and Jerry Codiñera.
Bradley Kent Stevens is an American professional basketball head coach for the Boston Celtics of the NBA.
Karolis Guščikas is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for BC Dzūkija of the Lithuanian Basketball League.
Petra Kulichová is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
With FMP he won Nike International Junior Tournament.
Minhava represented Benfica from 2008 to 2013.
In the final regular season game of 69-70 Cross played St. Anthony's Catholic of Washington, D.C..
Chester Mason is an American professional basketball player.
She played college ball for Texas A&M.
Scott Thompson is a retired American basketball player.
Janari Jõesaar is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays for Kalev/Cramo of the Korvpalli Meistriliiga.
He was undrafted in the 2011 NBA draft.
Derrick Lamont Hamilton is a former professional basketball player.
He finished with 1,378 points and 772 rebounds for his three-year career.
His professional career began in Spain for AD Torreforta in LEB Plata.
She has won a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics with the Yugoslavia women's national basketball team.
Michael Anthony Mercer Jr. is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Geelong Supercats of the South East Australian Basketball League.
Scranton made his ABA debut on October 15, 1967.
He was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the 1st round of the 2000 NBA Draft.
In the 2012-13 season, he served as the assistant coach for the Memphis Grizzlies.
Siler was the first player from Augusta University to ever play for an NBA team.
He spent the next season with the Golden State Warriors and averaged 3.1 points per game.
During his stint in the NBA, he was an NBA All-Rookie Second Team member.
Timothy Lenard Pickett is an American professional basketball player.
Kevin Douglas Gamble is a retired American professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association.
Clifford Trent Robinson is a retired American professional basketball player.
He then attended Duke University and University of Utah.
Born in Lexington, Kentucky, she went to Lexington Catholic High School and played collegiately for the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame.
In his first season, Smith averaged 17.3 points per game and 15.2 rebounds per game and was named to the NBA All-Rookie Team.
Billy Eugene Owens is an American former professional basketball player who played for several teams in the National Basketball Association.
Ramy Akiki is a Lebanese basketball player with Champville SC of the Lebanese Basketball League.
Ernest Todd Mitchell is a retired American professional basketball player.
Marcus L. Mann is an American Southern Baptist minister who is best known for his time as a college basketball player for Mississippi Valley State University.
Bailey's three seasons at UIC are the school's only consecutive 20-win seasons and culminated with a school record 24 wins.
He is a 6'8" tall power forward, who plays for Regatas Corrientes of the Liga Nacional de Básquet.
Rosângela Teresa E. Rosàrio Lopes is a Cape Verdean female basketball player.
Don's brother Mac Otten also played in the NBA.
Yücesir played in the gold medal winning national team at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain.
In her WNBA career, Irvin has scored 91 points, and has collected 100 rebounds, 14 assists, 10 steals, and 26 blocks.
Robert "Rob" Lock, born May 22, 1966 in Reedley, California, is a retired professional basketball player and currently a recreational pilot.
Darren Michael Collison is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association.
He attended high school at Lawrence Academy at Groton, Massachusetts.
He currently plays for Pure-Youth Construction Basketball Team.
Duffy spent her rookie season with the Lynx backing up Amber Jacobs; she averaged 3.4 points, 1.2 assists and 12.5 minutes per game in 2006.
Allen is the son of a truck driver, and did not play much basketball until eighth grade.
Nicknamed "Pip", he is most remembered for his time with the Chicago Bulls, the team with which he won six NBA titles.
He was recruited to UNLV by coach Jerry Tarkanian and was a starter on the Rebels' 1990 NCAA championship team as a senior.
Sergio Rodríguez Gómez is a Spanish professional basketball player for CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League and the EuroLeague.
He was drafted with the third overall pick in the 1999 NBA draft by the Charlotte Hornets.
The Cleveland Cavaliers traded for him in June 2011.
Hall Aleksandar Nikolić is named after him, in his honor.
Tom Wayne Hovasse is a retired member of the National Basketball Association as a member of the Atlanta Hawks during the 1994–95 season.
A 6'5" shooting guard from Morehouse College, Ellis was never drafted by a National Basketball Association team but did manage to play in 3 NBA seasons.
Carl Braun is featured in the 1948 Bowman set of basketball cards, the 1957 Topps set, and the 1961 Fleer set.
Charles Bradford "Charlie" Black Jr. also known as Hawk was an American basketball player.
The swingman is the captain of the Zimbabwe national basketball team.
Dubbed The Maestro, Dalupan was best known for his lengthy coaching tenure with the Crispa Redmanizers and has garnered a career total of 52 basketball championships.
Kristoffer Louie "Junjun" Platon Alas is a Filipino basketball player.
Johnson was selected by the Miami Heat in the 2nd round of the 2001 NBA Draft with the 48th pick overall.
He was married to Catherine Tobin and had Three children, Howard, Tim and Tamara.
Roel Moors is a Belgian retired professional basketball player and current head coach of the Antwerp Giants.
In 2005 Slay joined Israeli leading team Hapoel Jerusalem, but after an unstable season he was released in late December 2006.
Jiří Zídek Sr. is a retired Czech basketball player.
Valdemārs Kristaps Baumanis was a Latvian basketball player, basketball and football coach.
Jerry G. Rook is an American former basketball player best known for his success at Arkansas State University.
He is also consider as one of the great talents of his generation in Europe who never really lived up to expectations because of various reasons.
Stojaković made 1,760 three-point field goals in his career which ranked 10th all-time at the point of his retirement.
Tracy Henderson is a former professional basketball player.
In 2013, Turner was named television color commentator for the Magic.
She plays for Nadezhda Orenburg, Minnesota Lynx and Spain women's national basketball team.
In 23 games, he averaged 12.4 points.
A 2.06 m tall center, Meneghin was born in Alano di Piave, Veneto.
He has also been a member of the senior men's Lithuanian national team.
Alarie has a daughter, Bella, who attends Princeton University and plays on the basketball team.
A native of Washington, D.C., he played high school football and baseball, but not basketball as he was cut from the team.
Torres led the Russian team BC Khimki to the 2006 EuroCup finals before losing to DKV Joventut.
He played college basketball for Florida and Nebraska before joining Raptors 905 of the NBA Development League in 2015.
Harper has played professionally in Lebanon, Iceland, Venezuela, France, Ukraine and Bulgaria.
With one year of college eligibility left, Dendy landed at Middle Tennessee.
He played for the Minneapolis Lakers in 1958 and averaged 8.2 points, 4.6 rebounds and 1.4 assists per contest in 18 career games.
Herron was drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers in the second round of the 1978 NBA Draft.
Williams played in 587 games over nine seasons, averaging 6.6 points and 6.4 rebounds per game.
Marko Simonović is a Serbian professional basketball player for Zenit Saint Petersburg of the VTB United League.
Flores is a member of the Dominican Republic national basketball team.
He played professionally since 2009, when he joined Landstede Basketbal.
Duffy was also a Helms Athletic Foundation All-American in 1962.
He was selected 53rd overall in the 2004 NBA Draft by the Miami Heat, was then released and later played for the New Orleans Hornets.
Earl Joseph "J. R." Smith III is an American professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association.
Rosa Maria Luísa Gala is an Angolan female basketball player.
In 2005, he won the German basketball cup with RheinEnergie Köln.
His basketball career ended after the season, and Rock went on to work for the Los Angeles Police Department, where he eventually became a captain.
He was selected by the Houston Rockets with the 19th pick of the fourth round in the 1986 NBA Draft.
Guarilia was selected by the Boston Celtics in the second round of the 1959 NBA Draft.
He was drafted 24th overall by the Charlotte Hornets in the 2014 NBA draft and immediately traded to the Miami Heat.
Following his college career, McKee was drafted in both the NBA and ABA drafts.
She plays center for the Opals, making her senior debut in 2008.
He also set several Duke records, including most points in a single season.
As a senior in 1920–21, White led the Western Conference in scoring and his Boilermakers to a conference championship.
Patrick Miller is an American professional basketball player for the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA Development League.
Nicole Anne Kaczmarski is an American former professional basketball player.
She also became only the second player to dunk in a WNBA game on June 22, 2008.
Townes was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers with the 10th pick in the 2nd round of the 1982 NBA draft.
His basketball number was eventually retired by the school.
Reverend James "Jim" McIntyre was an American basketball player for the University of Minnesota from 1945–46 to 1948–49.
He recorded 12 points, 9 rebounds, and 3 assists in his brief career.
Ousman Krubally is an American-Gambian professional basketball player who currently plays for PAOK Thessaloniki of the Greek League.
Standing at 2.11 m, he plays the center position.
Harry Raymond Zeller was a professional basketball player for the Pittsburgh Ironmen.
Zlatko Bolić is a retired Serbian professional basketball player.
Reginald Leon "Reggie" Williams II is an American professional basketball player for the Oklahoma City Blue of the NBA Development League.
He played at the collegiate level for the Michigan State Spartans from 2002 until 2006.
He led the Argentine league in rebounding every single season he was there and even developed a cult following among the team's fans.
Henderson was born in Richmond, Virginia and attended Virginia Commonwealth University.
He averaged 2.0 points in 20 games played.
In 1994, Schoene helped found the Samurai Sam's Teriyaki Grill restaurant chain, which has about 90 locations in the United States and Kuwait.
As of March 2012 he owns a bank security company in his home state of Michigan.
She has yet to play in a WNBA game.
Anderson was named Northeast Conference Player of the Year in 2014.
Bing thus did not seek re-election in 2013 and was succeeded by politician and businessman Mike Duggan.
He was also the first Taiwanese player to play in the Chinese Basketball Association.
He signed with Duke as a package with Tyus Jones, with widespread recognition as the preseason Collegiate National Player of the Year.
He has since graduated from Columbia University.
Standing at 2.06 m, he plays at the power forward position.
In 2000 he passed to Basketball Club Oostende in Belgium, winning twice the Belgian National Championship and becoming once the MVP of the league.
Shannon, a native of West Palm Beach in Florida, has played his entire career essentially with only one eye.
After his retirement in 1975, Hairston established the Happy Hairston Youth Foundation in Century City.
Pierre Russell was a professional basketball player.
The three-time Duke captain on the Blue Devils' 2014–15 NCAA Championship team.
He currently works for UCAM Murcia of the Spanish Liga ACB.
In 2015, he was named to the Eurobasket.com All-Israeli National League 2nd Team.
In his second season, he played in only 43 games, while starting 18 of them, in a season which saw his per-game numbers go down.
Shavonte Zellous is an American professional basketball guard for the New York Liberty of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Bergen was selected by the New York Knicks in the 1956 NBA Draft.
Theodore "Ted" Luckenbill was an American professional basketball player.
Terry Christopher Tyler is a retired American basketball player.
He was named to the NBA All-Rookie Team, but twice he violated the league's drug policy in his four seasons with the Clippers.
He was briefly a member of the Denver Nuggets of the NBA, although he never played any games for them.
In 1949, he hit .244 for Superior to conclude his playing career.
Rhodes was later head basketball coach at St. Xavier High School, leading that team to the 1958 Kentucky state championship.
His senior year, he moved into the starting lineup, averaging 11.8 points and 5.4 rebounds per game.
Jeremy James Synot is a former Australian wheelchair basketball player and current National Wheelchair Basketball League Head Coach of the RSL Queensland Spinning Bullets.
Paul Walter Napolitano was an American professional basketball player.
For his career, Ollie Johnson scored 1,668 points and grabbed 1,323 rebounds, ranking him in the school's top ten all-time in both categories.
He opted to begin his professional playing career overseas with Efes Pilsen in Turkey.
Unlike almost all small forwards he is not known for shooting threes.
Fleming retired at the age of 28 and resided in his hometown of Michigan City, Indiana.
Mark Christopher Payne is an American professional basketball player who plays for Champagne Châlons-Reims of the LNB Pro A.
Jason Anthoney Richardson is an American retired professional basketball player who played 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association.
He played for the underclassmen teams, but never played on the varsity team.
Tuncluer is probably the best shooter on the team, deadly from almost any range.
A 6'4" forward, Pebley played college basketball at Colorado and professionally in the WNBA for two seasons.
He is also the father of Kevin Salvadori, who had a brief stint in the NBA in the mid-1990s.
Moore also played in the Continental Basketball Association, United States Basketball League, and various professional leagues in France, Argentina, and Cyprus.
He later played for CF Belenenses and Spanish side CB L'Hospitalet in 2007/2008.
Roger William Brown was an American professional basketball player.
Shanahan won the illustrious 2013 Section 8 Super League All Star match MVP award in a game featuring many of the younger SEABL players he coaches.
Petway defeated his Idaho Stampede teammate, Mike Taylor, in the finals, with an alley-oop, through-the-legs dunk.
Pierre Deshawn Jackson is an American professional basketball player for Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Premier League and the EuroLeague.
In her professional career she plays in Spanish League in Arranz Burgos, Perfumerías Avenida and now in UB F.C.Barcelona.
Krystal Thomas is an American professional basketball player for the Washington Mystics of the Women's National Basketball League.
Following his one season in the NBA, Coleman had a lengthy and successful career in foreign professional basketball leagues, principally in Israel.
James Riley "Jim" Brogan is a retired American basketball player.
Standing at 1.85 m, he plays at the point guard position.
Al-Najjar competed with the Jordanian team at the FIBA Asia Championship 2007 and FIBA Asia Championship 2009.
In 2005 he made his New Zealand national team debut for the Tall Blacks.
He is a former congressman, representing the 1st District of Pampanga from 2013 to 2016.
Carl Jerome English is a Canadian professional basketball player player Alba Berlin of the Basketball Bundesliga.
He has served as an assistant coach for the CBA's Gary Steelheads, Quad City Thunder, LaCrosse Bobcats, and the NBDL's Charleston Lowgators.
Gustavo "Panchi" Barrera is a Uruguayan professional basketball player.
Craig Dykema is a retired American professional basketball small forward who spent the 1981–82 National Basketball Association season with the Phoenix Suns.
Watkins also competed at the high school level with South Atlanta High School in his hometown, Atlanta, Georgia.
Michael Adams is an American former professional basketball player and coach.
The 6'1" guard played college basketball for the University of Colorado.
On May 2015, Nabong was traded by GlobalPort back to Meralco for John Wilson.
In 2014, she ended her professional basketball career.
Giannis Antetokounmpo is a Greek professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association.
Brown is currently the associate head coach for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association.
In three professional seasons, he played in Cyprus, Argentina and Italy.
Paul Judson is a former American basketball player.
Ronald F. Johnson was a National Basketball Association player.
After three seasons with the team, Nurse agreed to join the coaching staff of the Iowa State Cyclones as an associate head coach in April 2010.
Tamicha graduated from Louisiana Tech University in 2000 with a degree in Animal Biology.
After two seasons at Alabama, Williams entered the 2003 NBA draft where he was selected with the 47th overall pick by the Utah Jazz.
Later, in 2004 he had his first grandchild, Chase Kennedy who is now 12 and aspiring to be a great basketball player like his grandfather.
Freeman had a small part in the 1992 film White Men Can't Jump, playing fictional playground legend Duck Johnson.
Antoine "Scoop" Jordan is an American professional basketball player.
In February 2017, he was traded to the Pelicans alongside DeMarcus Cousins.
Archie William Dees was an American professional basketball player.
He was widely regarded throughout his career as an excellent 3-point shooter, being among the league leaders in that statistical category for several years.
He became a polio victim due to not having been vaccinated as an infant.
However, McArthur opted for dental school instead, ultimately starting his own practice in Ponca City, Oklahoma.
Born in Oceanside, California, Houston played high school basketball at San Diego High from 2000–2004, where she set the California state scoring record of 3,837 points.
Staggs played college basketball at both North Carolina A&T and Cheyney.
He played college basketball for the Michigan Wolverines.
Collins also spent several seasons playing professionally overseas in France for CSP Limoges and Rupella La Rochelle, and in Switzerland for Pully and Cossonay.
Roger Strickland, nicknamed "The Rifle", was an American basketball forward for the Baltimore Bullets of the NBA.
Newman was selected to play in the 2015 McDonald's All-American Boys Game.
Horváth then again became part of the defending domestic champion's roster, in that case Falco KC Szombathely.
From 1946 to 1948 he attended the University of Kentucky and played with the Wildcats' NCAA 1948 championship team.
Michael John Bytzura was an American professional basketball player.
Dray currently plays with Ironi Nahariya from the Israeli Liga Leumit.
During the 2011 offseason, Paul was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers, only for the transaction to be controversially voided by the NBA.
Holup died in Rexford, New York in 1998.
Howard Wood, a graduate of East Hampton High School, led the team to a state H.S.
During his cumulative four-year NCAA career, Veney scored 409 three-pointers, which is currently in the top 10 all-time in Division I history.
At 6'7" tall, he played the forward position.
He had a career in the NBA from 1983 to 1987.
Dixon led the University of Maryland Terrapins to their first NCAA championship in 2002 and earned Most Outstanding Player honors at the 2002 Final Four.
Following his time at Alabama State, he went undrafted in that year's NBA Draft.
Following the completion of his college career, Butler was not selected in the 1990 NBA Draft.
He once received a standing ovation from the Madison Square Garden crowd for his pre-game dunking show.
Haislip attended Marshall County High School in Lewisburg, Tennessee.
Joe Dumars III is an American retired basketball player in the National Basketball Association.
He played for Drexel University for four years.
Olive was drafted in the eighth round of the 1977 NBA draft by the Philadelphia 76ers.
In 2010, Ruffin became coach of the ABA's Colorado Kings.
Frazier led the Tigers in scoring in 1980 and 1981, and formerly held the school record for field goal percentage in a season.
Buckner had 33 points and 8 rebounds and shot 16/26 in that game.
LeRoy Hurd is an American professional basketball player who last played for CSU Sibiu of the Romanian Liga Națională.
Williams, a 6'9" forward, was a prep sensation at Elizabeth City Northeastern High School.
He was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Džanan Musa is a Bosnian professional basketball player who plays for Cedevita of the Croatian League.
Although his primary positions are left or right flat, he is polivalent player and he can play as Hole D as well.
He was also a member of the Lithuanian national basketball team.
He suffered several unsuccessful stints in the NBA over three non-consecutive seasons but spent the majority of his professional basketball career playing overseas.
Rehfeldt was the second overall pick in the 1950 NBA draft by the Baltimore Bullets.
In his five NBL seasons, he averaged 7.8 points per game.
The damaged trophy contributed to the NCAA's overall loss of $2,531 on the tournament—the only deficit that the event has ever posted.
Keena Young is an American basketball player who starred at Brigham Young University from 2004 to 2007.
After basketball, Joseph became a businessman who provides water-purification systems to developing countries.
He also appeared in the 1990 NBA Slam Dunk Contest, where he finished 7th out of 8 participants.
Travis Grant is a retired American professional basketball player.
After winning the 2002 NCAA Championship with Maryland, Blake was selected by the Washington Wizards with the 38th overall pick in the 2003 NBA draft.
In 2011, Skinner made the Memphis Grizzlies' roster after training camp, but he was waived on December 29, 2011.
Standing at 6'6", he plays the shooting guard and small forward positions.
Faris is also a member of the Lebanon national basketball team.
He played college basketball for the UCLA Bruins starting in 2009.
In 2010, he left the Cavaliers for the Miami Heat in a highly publicized ESPN special titled The Decision.
Before the NBA season started, he traveled to Israel where he led the American team to a gold medal in the 1965 Maccabiah Games.
Andrija Bojić is a Serbian professional basketball player, currently playing as a power forward for Polpharma Starogard Gdański of the Polish Basketball League.
Minor was drafted with the ninth pick in the eleventh round of the 1972 NBA Draft by the Boston Celtics.
Walker attended Millersville University of Pennsylvania and was born in Philadelphia.
He holds NBA career averages of 2.3 points, 2.6 rebounds, and 0.3 blocks per game.
He had been considered a first-round prospect in the 2014 NBA draft until he was diagnosed with Marfan syndrome.
He was drafted by the Chicago Bulls in the 1972 NBA Draft and by The Floridians of the American Basketball Association.
Laine Selwyn is an American professional women's basketball player with Maccabi Ashdod.
He plays mainly at the small forward position, but can also play at the shooting guard position.
Bill Walton once called Sabonis a 7 ft 3 in Larry Bird due to his unique court vision, shooting range, rugged in-game mentality, and versatility.
He was also on the Canadian team that narrowly missed qualification for the 1992 Olympics.
His daughter Cree began her college basketball career at Lipscomb University, then transferred to the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Calhoun played for the Phoenix Suns for 3 years before being traded to the Los Angeles Lakers.
Since 2002, he served as an assistant to Mike D'Antoni at the Phoenix Suns.
Known as "Parky", he played for the Geelong Supercats, Southern Melbourne Saints, and the South East Melbourne Magic.
He played for Bradley University and then transferred to University of New Mexico in the middle of his sophomore year.
Marco Alexander is a New Zealand professional basketball player who last played for the Super City Rangers of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
In his junior and senior seasons, Charlton led the Buffs to back to back Regional Final appearances in the 1962 and 1963 NCAA Tournaments.
It is also a great rarity to see Prkačin try for a three point field goal.
Seiden was a New York City schoolboy star at Jamaica High School, leading his team to the PSAL title in 1955 as a senior.
He was a member of Iran national youth team attending in 2010 Summer Youth Olympics.
During his playing career, he was a 6 ft 2½ in tall point guard-shooting guard.
She debuted on May 25th against Dallas, she scored 4 points and had 1 assist in just over 12 minutes game time.
On May 14, 2014, the Golden State Warriors named Kerr the team's head coach.
In 2005–06, he split the season with Bakken and Finnish club Lappeenrannan NMKY.
He stood 6'0" and weight 170 lbs.
After retiring he became a coach, and is currently working as a head coach for BC Valga/Valka Maks&Moorits
He was named First Team All-Western Athletic Conference, All-Defensive Team and All-Newcomer Team as a sophomore at Fresno State University.
Born in Saint Paul, Minnesota, McKenna played professionally in the NBA from 1981 to 1988.
Mário “Marito” Correia is a Cape Verdean professional basketball player.
In his 1995-96 rookie season as a member of the Pistons, he averaged 3.8 points in 69 games played.
The 6 ft 9, 215 lb post player was described as not intimidating but a smooth and active player who could score.
He was a two-time All-Big East whilst playing college basketball for Syracuse.
He played college basketball for four seasons for the UCLA Bruins from 1987 through 1991.
He played collegiately for the University of Missouri.
He is also a member of the Georgian national basketball team since 2004.
Despite not playing football in high school and college, the NFL's San Diego Chargers also made him a 12th round selection in the 1976 NFL draft.
On April 23, 2013, the Bobcats announced that Dunlap had been fired.
Cvetana Dekleva is a Yugoslav and Slovenian former female basketball player.
He played four seasons collegiate for the Oregon State Beavers men's basketball team.
Thaddeus Charles Young is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association.
On his first two years and a conference with the San Miguel Beermen, he only played sporadically.
In March 2011, he was inducted into the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame.
King holds numerous Big 12 Conference and Texas A&M records.
He was inducted into UCI's Hall of Fame in 2001.
He is currently the color commentator for Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball radio broadcasts.
In June 2015, he signed a three-year deal with Croatian club Cibona Zagreb.
He played for Providence the following season until he was sold to the Philadelphia Warriors on January 15, 1948.
Playing for the UCLA Bruins from 1928 to 1931, Lubin, a 6-foot 7-inch center, earned All-Pacific Coast Conference honors in his senior season.
Vladimir Veremeenko is a Belarusian professional basketball player who last played for Brose Bamberg of the Basketball Bundesliga and the EuroLeague.
Junior Pallacanestro Casale of the Italian Legadue.
Oleksandr Lypovyy, is a Ukrainian professional basketball player for Promitheas Patras of the Greek Basket League.
Tony Johnson is an American professional basketball player.
He also represents the Estonian national basketball team internationally.
He has been a member of the Grizzlies since the team drafted him with the fourth overall pick in the 2007 NBA draft.
Pierre-Antoine Gillet is a Belgian professional basketball player for BC Oostende of the BLB.
Ranzino scored 1,967 points in his career, a mark that stood until 1975 when it was broken by David Thompson.
In 2004, he led the Timberwolves to the Western Conference Finals and won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award.
Adrian Delano Dantley is an American retired basketball player who played 15 seasons in the National Basketball Association.
He last played for Železničar from Inđija in the Basketball League of Serbia.
On July 28, 2006, Sampson signed with the Denver Nuggets and played a further 22 NBA games.
Derek Dwayne Hood is an American former professional basketball player.
He scored a season high 21 points in a 106-69 rout of the Cairns Taipans on October 24, 2009.
Vinson also played with the Atlanta Trojans of the USBL in 1994, and with the Mexico Aztecas of the CBA in 1994–95.
In June 2016 Heinonen signed a one-year contract with Kouvot.
His success led him to be drafted with the 18th pick of the second round of the 1979 NBA draft by the Portland Trail Blazers.
Janisch played for the Detroit Falcons, Boston Celtics, and Providence Steamrollers in the Basketball Association of America.
The swingman was an NBA All-Star in 2012 and has been named to the NBA All-Defensive Team twice.
Blerim Mazreku is an Kosovar professional basketball player who plays for KB Sigal Prishtina of Kosovo Basketball Superleague.
Oleksiy "Alex" Len is a Ukrainian professional basketball player who last played for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
After winding up his NBA career, Valentine played three seasons in the Italian Basketball League.
For his BYU career, Saarelainen scored 932 points in 100 games.
During that season he was also the team's third leading scorer.
Elmer James Bennett is a retired American professional professional basketball player.
Eakins played eight seasons in the American Basketball Association as a member of the Oakland Oaks, Washington Caps, Virginia Squires, Utah Stars, and New York Nets.
Fairchild later played for the Denver Rockets, Indiana Pacers and Kentucky Colonels.
When Monarchs guard Chelsea Newton had surgery in August 2009, the Monarchs signed Boddie to a seven-day contract.
She then spent a season in Ribera, Italy playing in the Italian League.
He became the first player in Loughlin history to earn the honor of playing in the McDonald's All-American game.
He finished his freshman season leading the Big Ten in scoring and tied for 19th in the nation at 21.5 points per game.
He red-shirted his freshman year because of his lack of physical size and strength.
He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 9th round of the 1968 NBA draft.
Listed at 7 ft 7 in tall, he was the tallest player in the history of the National Basketball Association, along with Gheorghe Mureșan.
He was arrested for drug possession twice between 1996 and 1997.
Robert Wilton "Bobby" Speight, Sr. was an American college basketball standout and, later, successful businessman.
Will Sheridan Jr is a former college basketball player who played for the Villanova Wildcats Men's Basketball program from 2003 to 2007.
From 2002 through 2004, he was an assistant coach for the National Basketball Development League's Roanoke Dazzle.
Bailey is number three on the Rutgers all-time scoring list, and second in career rebounds behind Phil Sellers.
He finished his collegiate career as Chicago State's all-time leading scorer in their NCAA Division I era, with 1,510 points.
He signed with Hapoel Holon in 2009.
Donald James MacLean is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA.
Parker is the younger sister of former NBA player Anthony Parker and was the first overall pick in the 2008 WNBA Draft.
On February 1, 1970 he was traded to the Detroit Pistons.
He later played AAU basketball for both the Phillips 66ers and Denver Chevrolets, making AAU All-American teams each year from 1943 to 1947.
While with the Knicks, Naulls was also the first African-American player to be named captain of a major professional sports team.
A 6'3" guard from New Mexico State, Colter played in 8 NBA seasons for 6 different teams.
Dušan Cantekin is a Serbian-born Turkish professional basketball player for Trabzonspor of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Ernesto "Estong" Ballesteros is a Filipino former professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association.
He is also a member of the Philippine national basketball team on multiple occasions.
After his playing days, Haarlow became a basketball referee for the Big Ten Conference, eventually serving as director of conference officials for 17 years.
Since he had no intention to put the basketball in the basket, he could not be credited with a rebound.
He eventually led the Sonics to their only NBA championship in 1979, winning the Finals MVP Award.
Jón Arnór Stefánsson is an Icelandic professional basketball player who plays for KR of the Domino's League.
Drafted by the Seattle Storm in 2005, she played 2 games for them before being waived.
Coniel Norman, also known as Connie Norman, is a retired American professional basketball player.
He played for the Indianapolis Jets, Fort Wayne Pistons, Anderson Packers and Milwaukee Hawks in the NBA for 136 games.
In 2011–12, Williams was chosen to repeat as the preseason GWC player of the year by a vote of the league's coaches.
Following that season, he was released by the Cavaliers in an attempt to get under the salary cap.
As a coach, he won 938 games and nine National Basketball Association championships in ten years.
Lindsey Marcie Harding is an American-Belarusian professional basketball player for Beşiktaş J.K. of the Turkish Women's Basketball League.
Alexander also played overseas for top teams in Greece, Israel, Spain and Russia, participating in many Euroleague games.
In June 2016, he was traded to the New York Knicks.
His last professional team was Guaiqueríes de Margarita in Venezuela's first division Liga Profesional de Baloncesto.
Thornton is currently a graduate manager at Marquette University.
Eni Llazani is an Albanian professional basketball player who currently plays for BC Vllaznia in the Albanian Albanian Basketball League.
He is also the father of current Philippine Patriots player Junjun Cabatu.
He was a member of Georgetown's 1984 National Championship team.
Koko Archibong is a former Nigerian-American professional basketball player.
She was the eleventh pick in the 2014 WNBA Draft.
He played college basketball for the Pittsburgh Panthers from 2007 to 2009.
A 6'6" center born in Racine, Wisconsin, Holub played college basketball at Long Island University, and was a member of an NIT championship team in 1941.
Lang started 108 games during his Tar Heel career from 1998-2002.
Ben Stephens was an American professional basketball player.
She currently plays for Kraljevo in First League of Serbia and Adriatic League Women.
He played for Panionios, Hemofarm, Crvena zvezda, Anwil Włocławek, Azovmash Mariupol and Erdemirspor.
He was named to both the ABA All-Time Team and the NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time Team.
Mark L. Macon is an American basketball coach and former professional player.
He also represents the Serbian national basketball team.
Tadija Dragićević is a Serbian professional basketball player for Aris Thessaloniki of the Greek Basket League.
Mahaffey was one of four brothers who played for Clemson between 1959 and 1970.
She was named the MVP of the 1996 European Basketball Championship, averaging 18 points, six rebounds and three assists per game.
Chang Chih-Feng is a Taiwanese professional basketball player.
His varied experience includes: CFO of SCORE!
Arzu Özyiğit Bildirir, née Arzu Özyiğit, is a Turkish female basketball player.
He was a three-time co-captain for the Huskies, including the school's first national championship team in 1998–99.
He earned First Team All-America honours from the NABC his junior and senior seasons.
On September 14, 2010, Pickett signed with Ironi Ashkelon from Israel.
For the 2013–14 season he signed with Rakvere Tarvas but left the team with mutual consent to play for CS Energia Rovinari in Romania.
In 2011, he was hired as the head coach of the UC Davis Aggies men's basketball team.
He played for the Ramblers from 1939 to 1942 and was later named to the school's athletics hall of fame.
A 6-foot 8-inch, 225-pound forward-center, Houbregs attended the University of Washington from 1949 to 1953.
Giacomo "Jack" Galanda is a retired Italian professional basketball player.
Luc-Arthur Vebobe is a French professional basketball player who currently plays for Provence Basket in France's LNB Pro B.
Due to disputes over his entrance examination scores with the National Collegiate Athletic Association, his college basketball career was delayed two years.
He also earned his second straight First Team All-Southern Conference selection.
Mike Lenzly is a British professional basketball player.
Panagiotis "Panos" Vasilopoulos is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for Aris Thessaloniki of the Greek Basket League.
He is known for being one of the best Lithuanian basketball players of all-time, and for having superior dribbling ability.
He was born in Leskovac, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
In high school, Corbin was a heralded player at Piedmont High School in Piedmont, California.
Standing at 6 ft 1 in, he plays at the point guard position.
At 6'6" and 200 pounds, he played the guard and forward positions.
All bench players from both teams left their benches, and were automatically fined $2,500 and suspended for one game for leaving the bench.
Presently, he is a partner in the Richmond, Virginia-based law firm of Williams Mullen where he focuses his practice on sports law.
He was then waived by the Warriors on January 8.
Aaron Vincent Craft is an American professional basketball player for AS Monaco of the LNB Pro A.
Nick George is a Professional basketball player.
After graduating from Toledo, Knuckles was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers in the second round of the 1981 NBA Draft.
Quautico "Tico" Brown is a former American professional basketball player.
Alexander "Petey" Rosenberg was an American professional basketball player.
Robert M. Carpenter was an American basketball player.
Kevin Dornell Magee, was an American basketball player who played most of his professional career for Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Sidney A. Moncrief is an American retired professional basketball player.
He was named to the NPBL's second team as a forward after averaging 13 points per game, sixth-best in the league.
He was born in St. Louis, Missouri.
He was born and raised in Portland, Oregon and attended Benson Polytechnic High School.
He has won the Cyprus League with APOEL.
Nikola Dragović is a Serbian professional basketball player for ASVEL Basket of the LNB Pro A.
Hamady Barro N'Diaye is a Senegalese professional basketball player for Bnei Herzliya of the Israeli Premier League.
Jacobs played college basketball at the University of Denver.
He played college basketball at the University of Virginia, where his jersey is retired.
He has three brothers and three sisters.
Roope Ahonen is a Finnish basketball player who last played for Kolossos Rodou B.C.
She is an alumna of the University of Miami, where she majored in liberal arts with a concentration in theater studies.
The next several years saw Crompton bouncing between the NBA and the Continental Basketball Association.
After being discovered at the local playground, the 5'7" point guard enrolled at Trenton State College in 1986, and led Division III in scoring in 1989.
Adam Quick is an Australian professional basketball player, formally of the Australian National Basketball League.
During an 80-94 loss to Barako Bull Energy McDonald was ejected for throwing the ball into Mick Pennisi's forehead.
Nenad Čanak is a Serbian former professional basketball player and current assistant coach of Partizan.
Paul Dawkins is an American retired basketball player, who played for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association, appearing in 57 games.
The 1992 Olympics marked his last participation in International Competition.
In the 1996 games, Romano played six games, scoring 14 points.
He is the first Maverick voted onto an All-NBA Team and holds several all-time Mavericks franchise records.
Pape Ousseynou Sy is a French professional basketball player for SIG Strasbourg of the LNB Pro A.
Individually, Wallace was an NBA All-Star in 2006 and 2008.
He played for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association.
He was a member of the Chicago Stags, the Philadelphia Warriors, the Boston Celtics, the Providence Steamrollers, the Washington Capitols, and the Baltimore Bullets.
Stephen Lumpkins is an American professional basketball player who last played for Swans Gmunden.
He was drafted in the 1981 NBA Draft in the second round with the 33rd overall pick by the Golden State Warriors.
At 1.85 m tall, he could play at both the point guard and shooting guard positions, but he primarily played at point guard.
After transferring from St. Louis University in 1980, he played on three Big Eight Conference championship and NCAA Tournament teams at Missouri.
On April 28, 2014 it was announced that he would take over the job vacated by Frank Haith at the University of Missouri, his alma mater.
He was an assistant coach for the nationally ranked Montverde Academy boys' basketball team under head coach Kevin Sutton.
On March 14, 2008, the Lynx acquired her for Tamika Williams.She moved in Athens, Greece, to play for the Greek club Panathinaikos for the 2008–09 season.
He is also a member of the Mexico national basketball team.
Booth played college basketball at the University of Maryland from 1994 to 1997.
Growing up in Lithuania, Vasylius learned to speak Lithuanian, Russian and German before learning English.
The Celtics franchise has retired Johnson's #3 jersey, which hangs from the rafters of the TD Garden, the home arena of the team.
At 2011 Summer Universiade Heinonen played for seventh-positioned Finland.
Austin Mambu Freeman, Jr. is an American professional basketball player for Cañeros del Este of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto.
In high school, several YouTube videos of him dunking became popular.
He was the 54th overall pick in the 2013 NBA draft by the Washington Wizards, becoming the first Iranian to be drafted into the league.
In the opening game against Poland, Lamb was the second leading scorer for the USA with 16 points.
Curtis Berry is a retired American professional basketball player.
As a player for Beaver Area High School, Borza was a two-time place winner in the PIAA singles tournament.
After starring in the French leagues for Montpellier, Gravelines and Besançon, Windless returned to the UK in 2004 to play for Scottish Rocks.
He was left unprotected by Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the 2014 PBA Expansion Draft.
George Aaron McCloud is a retired American professional basketball player.
On September 8, 2013, Schmidt was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
Angelos Siamandouras is a Greek professional basketball player.
Da'Love Woods is an American professional basketball player, in Europe.
Purwanto competed for the Indonesia national basketball team at the FIBA Asia Championship 2009 for the first time.
He spent the beginning of 2005–06 in the Turkish league, playing for Galatasaray, and joined the NBA Development League's Stampede in February 2006.
Aşık got his first chance playing professionally with the Turkish Basketball League team Fenerbahçe in 2005–06.
He has played professionally in Turkey and Germany.
Kevin Jermaine Ollie is an American basketball coach and former player.
Swagerty then went into coaching, serving as head coach at Seattle Pacific University from 1974 to 1980.
On March 30, 2013, Lucas was acquired by the Canton Charge.
Wynne Arboleda is a Filipino former basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association.
McKenzie Moore is an American professional basketball player for Lavrio of the Greek Basket League.
Dwayne Davis is an American professional basketball player who plays for Aurora Basket Jesi of the Serie A2.
Following a three year NBA stint, Langdon had a very successful career in Europe.
He was named an NBA All-Star in 2015, after averaging 15.9 points per game.
Jarrad Prue is an Australian former basketball player who spent the majority of his playing career with the Lakeside Lightning of the State Basketball League.
She coached Grambling State women's basketball team in 2014.
He was invited to the Indiana Pacers training camp in 2004.
He ultimately chose basketball, sigining with the St. Louis Bombers of the BAA.
He died on February 8, 2012 after an extended illness.
He led three teams to the Portuguese Basketball Premier League title - Portugal Telecom, FC Porto, and Ovarense.
He retired in 1996 with career totals of 3,520 points and 3,856 rebounds.
Van Arsdale still holds the NBA record for most career games played without a playoff appearance.
He then attended and graduated from Western Washington University.
He became director of athletics at the Community College of Philadelphia, retiring in 2011.
Martin was an alumnus of Jefferson Davis High School in Houston, where he led his school to two state basketball championships in 1942 and 1943.
Brendan Thomas Malone is an American basketball coach, currently serving as an assistant coach for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association.
Vega has played in Europe since 2001, primarily in Spain, and has also been part of the French squad Tarbes Gespe Bigorre.
Jeffrey James Cook is a retired American professional basketball player.
He also received national recognition as he was named a third team All-American by the Associated Press.
Simonas Serapinas is a Lithuanian professional basketball player.
Eugene William "Gene" Shue is a retired American professional basketball player and coach in the National Basketball Association.
In 1963, he snared 40 rebounds in a game against the University of Montana at the Seattle Center Arena, the fourth-highest total in NCAA history.
In 2017, he won NBA Defensive Player of the Year and his second NBA Championship as a member of the Warriors.
He has previously played for the Ireland national basketball team.
He played most minutes for the Burkina Faso national basketball team at the 2013 FIBA Africa Championship in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.
Throughout his four-year tenure he steadily increased his scoring averages – 2.7, 7.4, 10.7, and 17.6 points per game.
After a stint in the NBA Development League, he was waived by the Bulls, and never played a regular season game for them.
Aleksandr Kozlov is an Uzbek professional basketball player.
From 1972 to 1974, Chambers played in the rival American Basketball Association as a member of the San Diego Conquistadors and the San Antonio Spurs.
He has played professionally in Lithuania, Israel, Poland, Estonia and Finland.
Cook was selected in the 1952 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks after a collegiate career at Utah State.
Sedric Andre Toney is a retired American National Basketball Association player.
Eric Lloyd Murdock is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Utah Jazz in the first round of the 1991 NBA Draft.
He is from Whitby, Ontario and played college basketball for the Dayton Flyers.
He played his entire career in the French Ligue Nationale de Basket.
Robert Parish was elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2003.
On December 5, 2013 Clark was sentenced to 8 years in prison for weapons charges.
In February 1999, she was diagnosed with lung cancer.
Serhiy Lishchuk is a Ukrainian professional basketball player.
Anthony Eugene Peeler is an American retired professional basketball player, having played for a number of NBA teams from 1992 to 2005.
He Started the career in Kosovo in KB Sigal Prishtina.
He also volunteered at an after-school program at his former high school, Dunbar.
Nicknamed "Boogie", he played college basketball for the University of Kentucky, where he was an All-American in 2010.
Dominick A. Flora is an American former college basketball standout at Washington and Lee University, located in Lexington, Virginia.
Aydın was member of the national team at the 2011 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women, which ranked 7th.
He was selected by the Utah Jazz with the ninth overall pick in the 2010 NBA draft.
He is also USD's all-time leading shot blocker after compiling 361 during his career.
He was selected by the Lakers in the second round of the 2016 NBA draft.
He died at the age of 86 on November 8, 2014.
He earned the Carmichael-Cobb Award as UNC's outstanding defensive player and the Jimmie Dempsey Award as UNC's overall statistical leader as a senior in 1987.
Young attended Northwestern University and gained notoriety for his play at the collegiate level.
He last played for the NLEX Road Warriors of the Philippine Basketball Association.
He was selected 23rd overall by the Celtics in the 2016 NBA draft.
Martínez' grandson Román Martínez also represented Mexico as a part of the 2013 FIBA Americas Championship.
E'Twaun Donte Moore is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association.
Jerome Byron Allen is an NBA assistant coach for the Boston Celtics.
He was named the league's Rookie of the Year in 1937–38, although Kessler's teams never once qualified for the postseason.
In July 2013, Washington was sentenced to sixty days in jail.
Paul Miller is an American basketball player, currently a free agent.
James L. Fox is an American former professional basketball player.
She participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship and at the 2015 EuroBasket.
He began his professional career in 2009, in his native Dominican Republic.
Tanhum Cohen-Mintz was an Israeli basketball player.
Not to be confused with La Tonya Johnson
Walton played four consecutive years at Lima for Lima Senior.
Michael Vincent Budenholzer is the current head coach of the Atlanta Hawks in the National Basketball Association.
Lang is a Christian evangelist and is currently employed by the Atlanta Hawks as the team chaplain.
George Raff Brown is a retired American basketball player.
He averaged 10.9 PPG and 8 RPG in 27 games for the Crusaders.
Bar Timor is an Israeli professional basketball player, who plays with Hapoel Jerusalem and the senior Israeli national team.
He was also the team captain for his junior and senior years.
Carmona is a member of the Puerto Rico national basketball team since 2006.
Boško Jovović is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Cergy Pontoise Basket of the France NM2.
She was the 21st pick in the 2002 WNBA Draft, selected by Detroit Shock.
James Marshall Hawkins was an American professional basketball player.
In 2002, Franklin moved to Australia and joined the Sydney Kings, helping the Kings win a championship in 2002–03.
He played for Cleveland from 1997 to 1999.
Shawn Michael Redhage is an American-Australian professional basketball player for the Perth Redbacks of the State Basketball League.
Thomas Carl "Tom" Kropp is an American former professional basketball player born in Grand Island, Nebraska.
He was selected with the 22nd pick in the first round of the 1980 NBA draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Courtney Lee is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association.
He played on the 2004-2005 National Championship Team.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Brazil women's national basketball team in the women's event.
On 7 February 2009, Drake University retired Wise's #42 jersey that he wore for the Bulldogs.
Wael Badr is an Egyptian basketball player currently playing for Sporting of the Egyptian Super League.
He last played for the Star Hotshots im the Philippine Basketball Association and was one of the assistant coaches of the Adamson Falcons.
Prior to the 1995-96 NBA season, Tyler was selected by the Toronto Raptors in the 1995 expansion draft.
Vítor Luiz Faverani Tatsch is a Brazilian professional basketball player for UCAM Murcia of the Liga ACB.
He previously played in the NBA for the Atlanta Hawks and New Jersey Nets.
Earlier, Wessels has played for ABC Amsterdam, where he was a part of multiple championship teams.
He had a 15-year playing career spent in the NBA and overseas.
He won ABA championships in 1969 with the Oakland Oaks and in 1976 with the New York Nets.
Plagued by an ankle injury, Wallace scored only six points before Smith benched Wallace for good three minutes into the second half.
He then moved to Utah Valley University to play for Dick Hunsaker and complete his four-year degree.
At the end of that month, he was signed for the remainder of the season, appearing in a total of 12 games and averaging 1.5 ppg.
Lucia Realtors and Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters.
Jackson won an NBA championship in 2003 as a member of the San Antonio Spurs.
These teams are considered by many to be the greatest in men's college basketball history.
He is the former head coach of the Iona Gaels men's basketball team and the UDC Firebirds men's college basketball team.
On 9 May, 2017, he was announced as an assistant coach on Cleveland State University's men's basketball staff under head coach Dennis Felton.
The son of a lumberjack, Burrow was considered the nation's No.
Clyde Wayne Lee is an American former professional basketball player.
Adubato currently serves as the radio color analyst for the Orlando Magic.
In 2012, following a three-week trial, she signed with the Canberra Capitals in Australia's Women's National Basketball League.
He's a former basketball player, having competed professionally in the Greek Basket League.
His father, Craig, has previously served as the Hawke's Bay Hawks' team manager.
He was the eleventh draft pick of Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in the 2008 PBA Draft.
That year Anderson was named to the UPI and Sporting News honorable mention All-America teams.
He helped the Bullets win the 1975 NBA Eastern Conference and the Suns win the 1981 NBA Pacific Division.
He played college basketball for Florida State University.
Michael Edward Lynn is a retired American basketball player.
He currently plays shooting guard for for Hapoel Eilat of the Israeli Premier League.
He played with the Waterloo Hawks and Sheboygan Red Skins during the 1949-50 NBA season.
He was part of the 2004 team that defeated the United States at the 2004 Olympic Games.
Mathias Fischer is a German professional basketball coach and former player.
Mr. Celestand has been a featured speaker at Columbia University, Rutgers University, Villanova University, Rider University, Drexel University, Middlesex County College and Kean University.
Robbie Sihota is a Canadian-Indian professional basketball player.
He then signed with the Indiana Pacers for the remainder of the 2013–14 season.
After his college career, Daniel Faris played for the World Class Aviation Academy Giants in the Dutch Basketball League for one year.
Standing at a height of 6 ft 9 in, he played at the power forward position.
He also blocked nine shots in one game.
After retiring as a player, he coached Gettysburg College for two seasons, winning 28 games while losing 19.
After starring at Joliet Catholic High School in Illinois, the 6'8" Mikan joined the DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball team.
His agent is a former professional basketball player John Greig.
He also represents the Ukrainian national team, where he participated at the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
James Augustine is an American professional basketball player who last played for CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League.
She helped the team win the gold medal for the USA team.
He last played for Alab Pilipinas of the ASEAN Basketball League.
Marlatt is the lowest drafted player to have ever played in the NBA.
Nikola Malešević is a Serbian professional basketball player, currently playing as a forward for Steaua București of the Romanian League.
He played for the Cincinnati Royals in the NBA for 44 games.
Other personalities include Cody Joseph, Sam Smith weekdays and Sherrie Karr, Cassie Taylor & Caitlin Logan weekends.
Before he went to Essen, he played for the Telekom Baskets Bonn of the German Basketball League.
He is also a long-time member of the Côte d'Ivoire national basketball team.
Omar Abdul Thomas is an American professional basketball player for Náuticos de Mazatlán of the Circuito de Baloncesto de la Costa del Pacífico.
Julius Jenkins is an American professional basketball player for Science City Jena of the Basketball Bundesliga.
Thomas played college basketball for Oklahoma State before transferring to Cincinnati as a sophomore.
While coaching Fordham he also played the Crescent Athletic Club.
He averaged 10.1 points per game in his NBA career.
In this, Tilleman appears to be the only Olympian to clerk for a U.S. Supreme Court Justice.
He came to Poland in 2003 to join Anwil Włocławek to help them win their first championship.
Born and raised in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Sanders played college basketball at Louisiana State and played for Virginia Squires of the ABA.
He has also represented the senior Turkish national team.
He played four seasons in the Basketball Association of America as a member of the Chicago Stags and Boston Celtics.
Carlos Alberto Cerutti was an Argentine professional basketball player.
One of those teams Dehnert coached was the Sheboygan Red Skins, who won NBL divisional titles in 1944-45 and 1945-46 under Dehnert's guidance.
He is 6 ft 5 in tall and he weighs 187 lb.
He later played for the New York Knicks and Portland Trail Blazers.
He quickly established himself as the team's starting power forward, and was the workhorse of the Pacers' outstanding teams in the mid-1990s.
Not to be confused with Charlie T. Black, a player at Kansas in the 1920s.
He played collegiately at the University of Louisville before being selected by the Washington Bullets in the 1st round of the 1991 NBA draft.
Earlier that month, Supronowicz also had a 23-point game, including 11 free throws, in a 54-47 win over defending conference champion, Indiana.
Badger became an assistant coach for the Chicago Bulls from 1973-1976.
He also played professionally for AEL Limassol, Al-Arabi of the Qatari Basketball League, in the Dominican Republic with Huracanes del Atlantico and Titanes del Distrito Nacional.
Guillermo Gustavo "Willy" Hernangómez Geuer is a Spanish professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association.
He also earned a gold medal playing with Team USA at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In August 2008, McLeod joined Tom Crean's coaching staff at Indiana University.
He later worked as a color commentator for the Spurs.
Born in Jersey City, New Jersey, Nash played for the Los Angeles Lakers and the San Francisco Warriors during the 1964–65 NBA season.
Anderson then competed in Cyprus and Poland before returning to Manchester.
Tilleman set his personal three-point record in 1986 against the Montana State Bobcats, who won the Big Sky Conference and went undefeated at home that season.
CSM's baseball field was renamed Darden Field in his honour.
He won the 1999 NBA Rookie of the Year Award and won the Slam Dunk Contest at the 2000 NBA All-Star Weekend.
He was the most dominant basketball player of his era in the Philippines and is considered as the greatest Filipino basketball player of all time.
Born in Moscow, with a Russian father and a mother of Basque origin.
Chamique Shaunta Holdsclaw is a former professional basketball player in the Women's National Basketball Association most recently under a contract with the San Antonio Silver Stars.
He played college basketball for the University of South Carolina.
Jarvis James Hayes is an American-Qatari professional basketball player for Asesoft Ploiești of the Liga Națională.
Odom played on the United States national team, winning a bronze medal in the Olympics in 2004 and gold in the FIBA World Championship in 2010.
Passed playing in the NBA to play for the Phillips Petroleum Co. 66er's AAU team.
Michael Antonio Britt is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Washington Bullets in the 2nd round of the 1983 NBA Draft.
He was a part of the 1992 U.S. Olympic "Dream Team" which beat its opponents by an average of 44 points.
She is the daughter of Alan Wirth, a former major league baseball player with the San Francisco Giants and the Oakland Athletics.
White played college basketball with the Iowa State Cyclones basketball team starring for the 2011–12 Cyclones.
Bowen played small forward and graduated from Edison High School and Cal State Fullerton.
He was born in Archbold, Ohio in March 1897.
Richard Ryland Kelley is a retired American basketball player.
Stevens was the second-leading scorer in Iowa State college basketball history.
Kobe Bean Bryant is an American retired professional basketball player and businessman.
Avery Rochelle Warley is an American professional basketball player for the Atlanta Dream of the Women's National Basketball Association.
On April 4, 2016, Iverson was elected into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
A guard, Beretta was known as a strong defender and ballhandler.
He also taught English at Farleigh Dickinson.
Born in Vienna, he played professionally in the Greek Basket League and has represented Greece at senior level.
During the 2015-16 season, Johnson played for Turkish Basketball League club Banvit BK and later for Alba Berlin in the 2016-17 basketball season.
His father Bob Horner was Mason City High School varsity basketball coach.
Richard Joseph Regan was an American basketball player and coach.
Subsequently, after two seasons in the CBA and ABA and his New Jersey spell, Thomas moved overseas, mostly playing for teams in Turkey and Italy.
He is a veteran member of the Canadian national basketball team.
A 6'4" guard-forward from the University of Virginia, Parkhill played in three ABA seasons for two different teams.
Van de Hare was also a member of the Dutch national basketball team in 2008.
In the NCAA Tournament, Stevens coached Butler to the first Final Four in school history.
Žarko Paspalj is a retired Serbian professional basketball player working as a sports administrator.
Garrick Sherman is an American basketball player.
She also played for the New York Liberty, Houston Comets and Phoenix Mercury.
Joseph Michael Young is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association.
He was selected by the San Francisco Warriors in the 6th round of the 1968 NBA draft.
Manuel grew up in Chicago and played basketball at Crane High School.
Aristeidis Moumoglou is a retired Greek professional basketball player.
Fleming was drafted by the Phoenix Suns during the second round in the 1976 NBA Draft, but was waived before the start of the season.
Michael Scott Doleac is an American former professional basketball player.
He was also color analyst for New York Knicks games on MSG Network during the 1980s.
He played college basketball for the UCLA Bruins at both the center and power forward positions.
John W. Austin is a retired American basketball player.
He then enrolled at Louisville where he played center on the basketball team for two seasons; while attending he was in a Navy training program.
He was selected by the Indiana Pacers with the 10th overall pick of the 2010 NBA draft, and earned NBA All-Rookie Second Team honors.
She also represents the Serbian national basketball team.
Van Wijk played three years college basketball for the Valparaiso Crusaders.
A first-round draft pick out of Michigan State University, Skiles played ten seasons as a point guard in the NBA.
His record of 777 games and 80% wins makes him the most successful Hungarian club coach.
After the Lakers lost the 2004 NBA Finals, O'Neal was traded to the Miami Heat.
Maurice Lamar Whitfield is a former American-born Czech professional basketball player.
Minnesota won the first 29 games of Tuck's career and finished with a record of 45–9–1 during his time as a Golden Gopher.
Kenneth Barlow is an American former professional basketball player.
He most recently played for the National Basketball Association's Phoenix Suns.
Atsür played college basketball in the United States with North Carolina State University from 2003-07.
For the following four years, he represented the Windsor Express of Canada, where he garnered All-Star accolades and won two championships.
Prior to landing his first head coaching job after Fratello's dismissal, Barone had served as an assistant coach for five seasons.
Samuel Wendpagnangdé Ouedraogo is a Burkinabé basketball player who plays both the power forward and center positions.
Hugues Occansey is a French basketball player who played 83 times for the men's French national basketball team between 1985 and 1995.
A four-year letterwinner from 2007–10, she owns career averages of 8.4 points, 5.0 rebounds and 1.2 steals.
He is the father of Assem Marei, who has been the top player of Team Egypt since the 2013 AfroBasket.
He played college basketball for Louisiana Tech University.
Dillon Matthew Boucher, MNZM is a New Zealand professional basketball player for the Super City Rangers of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
She is now the founder and president of the Monica Lamb Wellness Foundation.
Oppong competed with three different college basketball teams from 2006 to 2010.
He is currently the Athletics Director of the National University.
In 2012, Sampson became an assistant coach for Brethren Christian Junior/Senior High School.
Michael Damien Sweetney is an American professional basketball player who last played for Urunday Universitario of the Liga Uruguaya de Basketball.
A two-time Ohio Valley Conference Basketball Player of the Year, Howard is an inductee in the Austin Peay Athletics Hall of Fame.
In 1978, Doss was honored as one of the top 100 black businessmen in America by Black Enterprise magazine.
Geary's contract with the Jets was not renewed at the end of the 2014-15 season.
Harun Erdenay is a Turkish former professional basketball player and President of the Turkish Basketball Federation.
Christian Ramon Watford is an American professional basketball player for the Raptors 905 of the NBA Development League.
Yuta Watanabe is a Japanese college basketball player who plays for the George Washington Colonials.
He was the 1973–74 NBA Rookie of the Year and holds the NBA rookie record for assists in a single game with 25.
Following his season at Moberly, Murrell transferred to Drake.
He played college basketball for Monroe College and St. John's University, and has represented the Dominican Republic in international competition.
Larry Wayne Micheaux is a retired American professional basketball player who played for several teams in the National Basketball Association and in Europe.
He also spent a number of years in the State Basketball League, and is currently serving as an assistant coach with the Joondalup Wolves' WSBL team.
He played forward for the University of Wisconsin from 1903 to 1905.
In one year as Bryant University's head coach, the program's first-ever season, the Bulldogs went 12–11.
In the 32-minute game, Heater made 53 of 70 field goal attempts and 29 of 41 free throws.
At the time he was fired, the Pistons were 17–25.
Cazzie became miffed at Golden States' refusal to offer him a no-cut contract and combined with a foot injury , decided to try free agency.
He was a member of the Lebanon national basketball team for the 2010 William Jones Cup.
McDaniels currently resides in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
Midway through his stint with the Mill Rats, Anderson played in Qatar in 2013.
Standing at 6 ft 3 in, he plays the point guard position.
Walton played college basketball for the Michigan Wolverines.
The following season, Novak was named a second-team choice on the all-league team.
Washington was an All-American player at Old Dominion University and played for two seasons in the National Basketball Association.
He later played in Italy, France and Belgium.
He set BYU records for most career wins and for career games/consecutive games played with 141.
He was a 6'2" and 175 lb guard.
He averaged 10.2 points and 5.4 rebounds in his NBA career and earned NBA All-Rookie Team honors in 1979.
He is best known for his college career at Lamar University, where he was the Southland Conference Player of the Year in 1981.
Sellers was a controversial selection among the Bulls' staff and players.
Strickland played college basketball at DePaul University, where he was awarded All-American honors.
On seasons 2003–2006 he played for the Dutch Eredivisie team Hanzevast Capitals.
As a senior, he was named First Team All-Big 12 by the coaches, and Second Team All-Conference by the associated press.
His best season as a professional came during the 1985-86 NBA season as a member of the Knicks, appearing in 70 games and averaging 8.6 ppg.
He left in 1979 to pursue a business career.
Primož Brezec is a Slovenian professional basketball player who plays for Al-Ahli Club of the Bahraini Premier League.
He can play at either the small forward or power forward positions.
In Boin's three seasons as a Washington Husky he scored 1,336 points, was twice a team captain, and earned numerous all-conference and all-district honors.
He finished his career at Bucknell with 1,147 career points, 568 rebounds and 167 steals.
On 6 August 2014, it was announced that for the 2014–15 season Kupšas will be loaned to the Estonian team BC Kalev/Cramo.
He played in the National Basketball Association for the San Antonio Spurs in 17 games during the 1979–80 season.
Frank Ward was an American basketball player who is best known for playing on the dominant teams of Montana State in the late 1920s.
A 6'0" guard, Holland played college basketball at the University of New Orleans, where he led his team in scoring for two seasons.
He played 18 regular season games, and was waived on June 30, 2010.
He was drafted sixth overall by Sta.
Wayne Keon Turner is a retired American professional basketball player.
In 2016, he handed the position over to Silvano Poropat to return to his duties as youth coordinator.
Kerri Gardin is an American professional basketball player.
Terrence Lewis is an American-New Zealand former professional player who played the majority of his career in the National Basketball League for the Wellington Saints.
Georgios Printezis is a Greek professional basketball player for Olympiacos of the Greek Basket League and EuroLeague.
Due to his daughter's health, he asked to be released from his contract in 2007.
He also represents the Estonian national basketball team internationally.
He was naturalized as a Lebanese citizen to play for the Lebanon national basketball team, replacing the other naturalized American Lebanese player, Joe Vogel.
Armstrong won three NBA championships during his career as a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Héléna Ciak is a French basketball player for Dynamo Kursk and the French national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.
He was also selected in the 8th round of the 1974 ABA Draft by the San Diego Conquistadors.
He was also a central figure in the point shaving scandal that came to light in the aftermath of that season.
Jeffery Raynard Sanders is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Chicago Bulls in the 1st round of the 1989 NBA Draft.
Blaine Denning was an American former professional basketball player.
Elliott received a bachelor of science in accounting, and later, an MBA from the University of Arizona as well.
He left the game after the 1946–47 season.
Thompson won an NBA championship with the Cavaliers in 2016.
Bender is married to his wife, Alice, with whom he has two children: Mary Elizabeth and Robert Michael Bender III.
Elton Nesbitt is an American former professional basketball player.
In June 2006, he became a co-owner in the NASCAR NEXTEL Cup Series when he bought interest in R&J Racing.
In addition, he was selected as an Academic All-American in 1976.
Jewell Loyd is an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Storm of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Bird is one of nine women to win an Olympic Gold Medal, an NCAA Championship, and a WNBA Championship.
He became the head coach of the Saitama Broncos in the bj league in Japan in 2010, where his son Bobby also played.
Ford is an American retired professional basketball player.
Ronald Houdini "Ron" Dorsey is an American former basketball player who played professionally in Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
He is a current head coach of Triumph Lyubertsy.
He stands 2.13 m tall making him a center.
He was a 2009 McDonald's All-American in high school.
Tutku Açık is a Turkish professional basketball player for Trabzonspor of the Turkish Basketball League.
Robert Michael Myers is the general manager for the Golden State Warriors in the National Basketball Association.
Thomas Heurtel is a French professional basketball player for FC Barcelona Lassa of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
Leland Mitchell was an American basketball player.
He was named to the NBA Eastern Conference All-Star Team in 1992, when he finished the season with a career-high average of 15.5 rebounds a game.
On September 10, 2008, Madkins was named Director of Scouting by the Houston Rockets.
During the season, his rights were sold to the Denver Nuggets.
She also had stints with the Minnesota Lynx, Chicago Sky, and the Washington Mystics.
Salerno coached the Vermont Frost Heaves of the Premier Basketball League before he joined The Island and has more than a decade of coaching experience.
Jānis Blūms is a Latvian professional basketball player who plays for VEF Rīga of the Latvian LBL.
Vitkovac holds the record of total games played in the Adriatic League.
Xane D'Almeida is a Senegalese professional basketball player who currently plays for Tarbes-Lourdes of the LNB Pro A.
In McNatt’s final season, Phillips 66 defeated the San Diego Dons by the score of 45-34 in the AAU championship game.
Pejčinović was a member of the Croatian national team that won the bronze medal in the 1995 Eurobasket.
Heo Il-young is a South Korean basketball player for Goyang Orions and the Korean national team, where he participated at the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
Roland T. Minson is a retired American basketball player.
Vasilis Fragkias is a Greek professional basketball coach.
Gary Dean Plummer is a retired American professional basketball player.
He was drafted 17th overall by the GlobalPort Batang Pier in the 2014 PBA draft.
Ramone Edward Moore Jr. is an American professional basketball player for Lietkabelis Panevėžys of the Lithuanian Basketball League.
The squad finished the season 21–0 and would later be honored as historical national champions by both the Helms Athletic Foundation and the Premo-Porretta Power Poll.
Flynn has four children: three sons, and one daughter.
Ivan Yeo is a Malaysian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Westports Malaysia Dragons of the ASEAN Basketball League.
Andreas Glyniadakis is a Greek professional basketball player for P.A.O.K.
He was later a sports agent, and in time also worked as a high school coach and teacher.
Geert Hendrik Hammink is a retired Dutch professional basketball player who was selected by the Orlando Magic in the first round of the 1993 NBA Draft.
He played college basketball for New Mexico State University and is the first player of Indian descent to play in the NBA.
He was honoured by becoming the first Breakers player to have his number retired.
At present, he has been the head coach of Angolan women's basketball club Interclube.
He has served as head coach for three NBA teams: the Detroit Pistons, the Dallas Mavericks, and the Orlando Magic.
Born in Los Angeles, California, he played collegiately for Rice University.
Katzurin for twenty years coached various Israeli teams, such as Hapoel Tel Aviv and Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Sihugo "Si" Green was an American professional basketball player who was born in New York City.
In 2008, he was honored as one of the "Legends of SEC Basketball."
Alford led Indiana University to a national championship in the 1987 NCAA tournament, when Keith Smart hit the winning jump shot against Syracuse.
Joseph Enrique Uichico, better known as Jong Uichico, is a Filipino professional basketball head coach, last coached for the TNT Katropa in the Philippine Basketball Association.
She played her last game for the Bosnian national team in September 2007.
Birsel Vardarlı Demirmen is a Turkish basketball player.
Upon graduation, he was drafted by the Seattle SuperSonics in the 1996 NBA Draft, but never played in the NBA.
Fenton Pete Mickeal is an American professional basketball player for Atenas de Córdoba of the Liga Nacional de Básquet.
He was selected by the Washington Capitols in the 1947 BAA draft, but never played for the team.
He's currently playing for Montakit Fuenlabrada of the Liga ACB.
Ramel Bradley is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Ankara DSİ of the Turkish Basketball First League.
He was drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks with the 56th overall pick in the 2007 NBA draft.
Brooke Queenan is an American retired professional basketball player.
He was the University of San Diego head basketball coach until March 2007.
He was selected by the National Basketball Association's Denver Nuggets as the fifth overall pick in the 1992 NBA draft.
Rakim Sanders is an American professional basketball player for FC Barcelona Lassa of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
He was drafted 48th overall in the 5th round of 2012 PBA Draft by Barangay Ginebra San Miguel, but was left unsigned.
Ekenechukwu Brian "Ekene" Ibekwe is an American-Nigerian professional basketball player for Élan Chalon of the LNB Pro A.
Standing at 1.85 m, he played at both point guard and shooting guard positions.
He also played three years of professional basketball in Europe.
Turner plays the point guard, shooting guard and small forward positions.
He later played one season with the Buffalo Braves of the National Basketball Association.
Dennis Ellera "Denok" Miranda, is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Blackwater Elite of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Louis Gabriel "Lou" Amundson is an American professional basketball player who last played for TNT KaTropa of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Justin Cobbs is an American professional basketball player for BCM Gravelines of the LNB Pro A.
Bauer played collegiate basketball for the Minnesota Golden Gophers.
He played at the small forward and power forward positions.
During the Olympics, Lubin was invited to come to Lithuania and became their first national coach.
He was selected as Indiana co-Mr. Basketball with Delray Brooks in 1984.
In 1999, he was named to the NBA All-Rookie Second Team.
Casey suffered a severely broken leg between his junior and senior year.
Hagan played college basketball at Vanderbilt and played for the Dallas Chaparrals and Kentucky Colonels of the ABA.
Robert Gilchrist is a professional basketball player for Araberri of the LEB Oro.
Brought up in Toledo, Ohio, he played high school basketball at Central Catholic High School.
Tyrone Watson is a Canadian professional basketball player for the Halifax Hurricanes of the National Basketball League of Canada.
He currently plays for Cherno More Varna.
Roosevelt Bouie is a retired American basketball player.
Tierra Ruffin-Pratt is an American professional basketball player plays for the Washington Mystics of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Ferdinand Damanik is an Indonesian professional basketball player.
He led Stanford to the 1942 NCAA Championship, earning Tournament Most Outstanding Player honors.
Malcolm Hakeem Delaney is an American professional basketball player for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association.
Worthen was with the Bulls in 1980-1981 and the Utah Jazz in 1981-1982.
Bowen subsequently took up the sport of sitting volleyball and represented Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Robinson was taken with the seventh pick in the fourth round of the 1972 NBA Draft, however he never played in the NBA.
Milan Milošević is a Bosnian professional basketball player who last played for AEK Athens of the Greek Basket League.
He played college basketball for the University of Utah.
Morris then coached the Buchan Bakers of Seattle to the Amateur Athletic Union national championship.
Andersen began his professional career in the Chinese Basketball Association and the American minor leagues.
From 2007 to 2009, Zierden served as the head coach of the Minnesota Lynx in the WNBA.
Colón led the team to five championships during his career, and is currently third on assists of all-time in the league.
Through three seasons with the Comets, Hodges scored 382 points, collected 112 rebounds, 66 assists, 32 steals, and 4 blocks.
As a senior, he played for the first high school basketball team to achieve a sellout at the United Center.
As a senior in 1936, Poole was named a consensus All-American and was an alternate on the 1936 Olympic basketball team.
Coaches cite an unlimited potential that could make him sleeper of Baylor's 2006 recruiting class.
Royal Terence Ivey is an American former professional basketball player who is currently an assistant coach for the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association.
Johnson was inducted into the Wichita State Shocker Sports Hall of Fame in 1986.
She is a former WNBA player, who last played for the Sacramento Monarchs.
Bethany LeSueur was twice named Gatorade Player of the Year for New York as well as Miss New York Basketball.
David was Inducted into the Texas Track and Field Coaches Association Hall of Fame, Class of 2016.
Royals, a 6'10" center from Whiteville, North Carolina, played college basketball at Florida State University from 1970 to 1973.
Jeffery "Jeff" Trepagnier is an American former professional basketball player.
He is best known for his ten seasons with the Charlotte Hornets, and also played for the Washington Bullets, Golden State Warriors, and Toronto Raptors.
Lionel Bomayako is a Central African Republic-French basketball player.
Tessa Rose Lavey is an Australian professional basketball player for the Dandenong Rangers of the Women's National Basketball League.
His Rockets won back-to-back championships against the New York Knicks, and Shaquille O'Neal's Orlando Magic.
He is the son of Philippine Basketball Association legend Benjie Paras.
Xavier is a member of the Cape Verde national basketball team.
Petway won the inaugural NBA D-League Slam Dunk Contest, at D-League Dream Factory Friday Night, on February 15, during the 2008 NBA All-Star Game Weekend.
He last played for the UST Growling Tigers in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines.
Before he quit playing basketball he played in Israel, Italy, Spain and Greece.
As a result, the Executive Branch Ethics Commission charged Farmer with 42 ethics violations – the most against an individual in state history.
A native of Newark, New Jersey, Bailey played at Wagner College for four years and established himself as one of the Northeast Conference's all-time greatest players.
She has also played a few years in Pescara's team "Varta" in Italy.
He started the season with BC Kraft Mööbel and his good performances caught Kalev/Cramo's attention.
Sviatoslav "Svi" Mykhailiuk is a Ukrainian basketball player who currently plays college basketball at the University of Kansas.
Born in Columbus, Ohio, Carlos played collegiately for the Otterbein College.
In his three seasons, he accumulated 1,656 points and a still-standing school record 1,533 rebounds.
Bruce Flowers is a former American basketball player.
A 6'10" center-forward from Marquette University, Whitehead played in 11 National Basketball Association seasons from 1978 to 1989.
He entered the 2012 NBA Draft, but was not selected.
Minniefield began regularly using marijuana at age 14.
His nickname "Scooter" was given shortly after being born in San Francisco, California.
In the two years he coached with the Hawks, he led them to an 89–48 record, with a 9–11 playoff record.
He served also as the coach of the national team, and was named the "Most Successful Coach".
Rashanda McCants is an American former professional women's basketball player in the Women's National Basketball Association.
He currently serves as the vice president of basketball operations for the Phoenix Suns.
He was one of the all-time great Redskins players, known for his hard-nosed play, rebounding prowess and scoring ability.
He died on 23 December 2016 from a traffic accident.
Chones became a full-time member of the radio team in the 2011–2012 season, working with new play by play announcer John Michael.
He can play both small forward and power forward positions.
Hoag was also an important player on the University of Kansas 1952 National Championship basketball team.
He also played for the Detroit Pistons, Vancouver Grizzlies, Los Angeles Clippers, Cleveland Cavaliers, and Utah Jazz.
In his first season with the Privateers, Damachoua played primarily off the bench, averaging 2.3 PPG.
Scott later coached the Pistons for three and a half seasons, from 1972 to 1976.
Holup held George Washington's record for most career points until 2003, when he was surpassed by Chris Monroe.
Glen Michael 'Gondo' Gondrezick was an American basketball player who operated as either a shooting guard or a small forward.
He played the shooting guard/small forward position.
Brian Keith Davis is an American former college and professional basketball player.
Chester Frank "Chet" Giermak was an All-American college basketball player for William & Mary from 1946 to 1950.
He was born in St. Louis, Missouri in 1932, and moved to Collinsville, Illinois around 1940.
He was aliased as "The Post Man" when he was on San Mig Coffee Mixers now Star Hotshots.
Standing at 2.09 m, he is a left-handed power forward and center.
He has been the Head Coach of the Power Development Team in 2014, most notably leading them to a win over the China national B team.
Curry played for the Miami Heat in the 2011–12 season and was part of the Heat's 2012 championship team.
Martin received his nickname "Whitey," because of bleach-blond hair color.
Primeiro de Agosto, came second in the 2013 FIBA Africa Women's Clubs Champions Cup.
Dawan Robinson is an American professional basketball player for Tezenis Verona of the Italian Serie A2.
He played one season with the Warriors before being traded to the Indianapolis Olympians in exchange for Don Lofgran.
On June 1, 2016, D'Antoni was named as the new head coach for the Houston Rockets.
On May 31, 2007, he was hired as the second general manager of the Charlotte Hornets, replacing Bernie Bickerstaff.
He played collegiately for the Duquesne University.
These squads became known as the famed "Rocket 8" teams, with Harper guiding the latter to the 1956 Southeastern Conference championship.
Jeremy Nzeulie is a French-born Cameroonian basketball player for Élan Chalon of the Pro A.
His strong season garnered him an invitation to the 1972 US Olympic team trials, one of 28 players invited.
He was named NBL Canada All-Star in 2012.
Only two basketball players, Cazzie Russell and Rudy Tomjanovich were inducted into the Hall of Honor before Buntin.
He played college basketball with the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets at Georgia Tech.
Many experts consider Ortiz to be the best Puerto Rican basketball player.
Born in Buffalo, New York, Book was educated at Canisius College, but came to New Zealand in 1994 to play in the NBL.
He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics with the Angola national basketball team.
The cases were consolidated and Williams was charged with first-degree rape, sodomy and first-degree kidnapping.
On October 1, 1963 Strickland was claimed off waives by the Baltimore Bullets.
He was promoted to a full-time assistant coaching position for the 2001–02 season.
A 6'4" guard from Indiana University, Edwards played in only 4 games for the Clippers in his NBA career.
Sheppard is also vice president for business development with Wazoo Sports, a regional television sports network concentrating on sports in Kentucky.
He died on February 16, 2012, at age 88.
He was one of the top rated college basketball recruits in the class of 2012.
When he concluded his NBA career in 1991, Reid had tallied 10,448 career points, 4,168 career rebounds, and 2,500 career assists.
He eventually became the head coach of his alma mater and compiled an overall record of 25–43 in three seasons.
Davari previously played for Zob Ahan before joining Petrochimi.
Phillip Dequan Nolan is an American basketball player.
Bill Hanson is a retired professional basketball player.
Born in Madison, Wisconsin, he played collegiately for the University of Wisconsin.
For his career, Olliver scored 2,518 points, making him the leading scorer in school history.
During the 2007–08 season, Williams achieved the third and fourth triple-doubles in Louisville basketball history.
On November 6, 2012, Taggart joined the Springfield Armor.
Smith played high school basketball at Wauwatosa East High School, which retired his number 34 jersey at ceremonies held in 2007.
During his NBA career, Costello was selected to six NBA All-Star Games.
Robert Cecil "Bob" Hubbard was an American professional basketball player.
Rob played collegiate ball with the University of Kentucky where he was a solid contributor off the bench and increased his stats every year he played.
He led the 2011–12 Big 12 Conference in assists, steals and assist-to-turnover ratio and was a 2011–12 All-Big 12 team selection as a result.
Fischer represented Brazil's national basketball team at the 2015 FIBA Americas Championship in Mexico City.
Later in March 2016, Celada signs as the player for Mighty Sports in the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
Earl V. Belcher, Jr. is a retired American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at St. Bonaventure University between 1977–78 and 1980–81.
He is 2.02 m tall and he can play at both the power forward and center positions.
He is the son of former NBA player Brett Vroman, who played briefly for the Utah Jazz in the 1980–81 NBA season.
He played college basketball for Michigan State University.
He played college basketball for University of Wisconsin–Madison.
He was traded midway through his rookie season with the Heat to the Phoenix Suns, in exchange for Tony Smith.
He ended his career playing for Recreativo do Libolo at the Angolan major basketball league BAI Basket.
A 2.11 m center, he participated in the 2000-01 Euroleague with KK Zadar.
He was a three-time All-American center at Northwestern University.
As a professional, he has previously competed with teams in Mexico, the United States, and Canada.
He played college basketball for Gonzaga University.
Nebojša Joksimović is a Slovenian professional basketball player for Sixt Primorska of the Slovenian League.
| team1 = 1989-2008 Botaş Spor | years2 = ?
C. D. McLees was an All-American basketball player at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1904–05.
He was selected by the San Antonio Spurs with the 28th overall pick in the draft and quickly became their starting point guard.
Williams also played a minor role in the Canadian FBI show, Sue Thomas: F.B.
Cone is considered to be the greatest PBA coach ever.
Collison also played for the Indiana Pacers and Dallas Mavericks.
In his NBA career, Hinson played in 507 games and scored a total of 7,206 points.
In 2004 Williams' #1 jersey was retired by the Sonics.
Rahshon Turner is an American basketball player.
He played eight seasons in the NBA as a member of the Bullets, Philadelphia 76ers, and Milwaukee Bucks, scoring 9,271 career points.
Ben Jerome Davis is an American former professional basketball player who played with the NBA's Phoenix Suns and New York Knicks.
Timothy Duane Hardaway Sr. is an American retired basketball player, currently serving as an assistant coach for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association.
He recovered and made his NBA debut on opening night 2008.
He currently plays for the Mono Vampire Basketball Club in the ASEAN Basketball League.
Struelens then moved abroad to Paris Basket Racing in France where he won 1 French championship before joining the Real Madrid Baloncesto in Spain.
Nikola Peković is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who last played for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association.
Reginald Biddings "Reggie" King is a retired American professional basketball player.
He plays the forward and center positions.
During that time, he was Wyoming's leading scorer.
In his final season of 1946–47, Pryor was a member of the Oklahoma's 1947 Final Four team.
Minniefield's drug use eventually contributed to the early end of his NBA career.
He also worked as an analyst for The YES Network's New Jersey Nets games.
He enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1946 and was a four-year starter for the school's basketball team.
A physics student at the Santa Clara University he played with the national development team at the 2004 Tournament of the Americas where Canada finished fourth.
He earned all-independent honors in 2007 and in 2008 and 2009 he was selected to the First-team All-Summit League.
After his experience with the Suns, he continued his playing career in Israel with Maccabi Tel Aviv, for whom he played for just a few months.
McLeod had trouble breaking into the lineup at St. John's.
He played college basketball at DePaul University.
He played at the power forward position.
At 6'8" and 225 pounds, he played the power forward and center positions.
He earned NBA All-Defensive First Team honors seven times and won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award twice.
Nix died on December 15, 2013 of pneumonia in Atlanta at the age of 46.
During her four years at Rutgers, Michelle Campbell played with players like Matee Ajavon, Essence Carson, Kia Vaughn or Cappie Pondexter.
Rimantas "Rimas" Kaukėnas is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Grissin Bon Reggio Emilia of the Lega Basket Serie A.
A member of the Brazil national basketball team, Becker competed at the 2006 FIBA World Championship.
He led the championship team in points per game, assists, free throw percentage, and steals per game.
Grant was elected to the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1983 and to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1994.
Greg Mangano is an American basketball player for Sendai 89ers of Japanese B.League.
Dita Krūmberga is a retired Latvian women's basketball player.
Jeremy McNeil is an American basketball player who played college basketball for Syracuse University during their first National Championship in 2003.
Following the season, he won Illinois Mr. Basketball.
Andy Mark C. Barroca is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Star Hotshots of the Philippine Basketball Association.
He is a two-time NBA All-Star, and was named to the NBA All-Defensive Second Team in 2013.
Oyanaisis Gelis González is a Cuban women's basketball player.
Cozell McQueen is an American former professional basketball player.
In one game against the University of Southeastern Louisiana, she scored 58 points, the third most in NCAA history.
During Mikell's ETSU career with the Buccaneers, he scored 1,684 points, made 637 field goals and shot 55% from the field.
Born in Ocala, Florida, he played basketball for Vanguard High School before enrolling at the University of Texas to compete for the Longhorns.
KCDZ is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format.
The following year, he was sold to the Los Angeles Lakers.
In the season 1987-1988 he won the Euroleague playing for Tracer Milano.
Charles Rhodes is an American professional basketball player who last played for the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association.
That year Stanley earned WNBA Coach of the Year honors, guiding the Mystics to the Eastern Conference finals.
The student sued him in 1983, and Dailey settled by paying $100,000 and apologizing to her.
He played college basketball for the University of Cincinnati.
Years after the scandal, Gardner returned to the University and was a professor in the General College department, focusing on multicultural relations.
In 1999, he returned to the United States to be a Vice President of the Sacramento Kings.
The squad also featured former NBA star Richard "Rip" Hamilton.
He was formerly the head coach of the WNBA's Indiana Fever, leading them to their first ever consecutive-year playoff appearances.
McKee, a 6'3 guard, played for Dunbar High School in Dayton, Ohio where in 1965 he was named to the All-Ohio team.
Gülşah Akkaya is a Turkish professional woman basketball player in forward position.
Matej Mamić is a retired Croatian professional basketball player.
He has taken his team to the playoffs twice, and is currently in his third year.
Candace Nicole Parker is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Morris played 25 games for the Detroit Pistons in the 1992-93 NBA season, averaging 2.2 points per game.
Williams's finest season occurred in 1972–73, when he averaged 17.7 points and 7.7 assists for the Conquistadors.
Vance was elected to the "Illini Men's Basketball All-Century Team" in 2004.
Jamaal Lee Tinsley is an American former professional basketball player.
He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2000.
Stipe Bralić is a Croatian basketball coach.
He was selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the 1994 NBA Draft.
Robert "Bobby" McDermott was an American professional basketball player in the 1930s and 1940s.
Her singing career was launched on the TV program Ídolos in 2003.
Kristina Lelas, married Benković, is a former Croatian female basketball player.
A 6'8" forward from Weber State University, Bergh was selected by the Chicago Bulls in the eleventh round of the 1969 NBA Draft.
Jones played three seasons for the Golden Bears, averaging 6.0 points and 3.0 rebounds per game as a junior in the 1997–98 season.
A power forward, Brackins was the highest-touted recruit to choose Iowa State after spending time at Brewster Academy in New Hampshire.
Known as the "Harrisburg Houdini", Davies led Seton Hall to 43 consecutive victories from 1939 into 1941.
Pressey is widely, though unofficially, credited with being the originator of the point forward position, combining the attributes of a point guard and forward.
During the 2009-10 season she played for Panathinaikos of Athens.
Since 2014, he has coached Egypt's national basketball team.
He was member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team at EuroBasket in 1999 and 2001.
Taylor achieved the feat on December 1, 1994 against Baptist Christian University in which he also scored 48 points.
Hrafn Kristjánsson is an Icelandic professional basketball coach and former basketball player.
Ciak switched to Dynamo Kursk in 2016 and won with her team the EuroLeague.
He also has Greek citizenship, under the name Miroslav Mylonas.
Devin Armani Booker is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
Frank B. Golla, Jr. is a Filipino basketball player for the TNT KaTropa of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Beck played for the San Antonio Spurs in the 2009 NBA Summer League and recently signed a non-guaranteed contract with the Houston Rockets.
He was their captain when they won the EuroBasket of 1987, and were the silver-medalists at the same championship two years later.
He is also a member of the Greater New Orleans Sports Hall of Fame and the Louisiana Basketball Hall of Fame.
An early professional in the National Basketball League, he was also an All-American college player at Dartmouth.
As coach, Tanquincen has won three PBA championships - two with Barangay Ginebra San Miguel and one with the San Miguel Beermen.
Malcolm Iseiah Thomas is an American professional basketball player for Khimki of the VTB United League and the EuroLeague.
In his NBA career, Bond played in 153 games, and scored a total of 873 points.
He is also part of the coaching staff of the UP Fighting Maroons men's basketball team in the UAAP.
She played college basketball at North Carolina.
Born in Quantico, Virginia, He attended Bloomington High School in Bloomington, IL, where he was an All-American in basketball.
Costello coached one season in Division III.
Donyell Lamar Marshall is an American college basketball coach and former player.
Richard Petruška is a Slovak retired basketball player.
He is a 6 ft 8.75 in tall power forward.
He plays at the small forward position.
He also represented the Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team internationally.
Alongside Finnish competitions, Heinonen has represented Pyrintö in Baltic Basketball League.
Professionally, he decided to pursue a career playing for the Phillips 66ers, a powerful AAU squad during the mid-20th century.
He then played two seasons with Paris-Levallois Basket, the second alongside former North Carolina teammate Jawad Williams.
Emmanuel Manny Quezada is a professional basketball player who currently plays for Petro de Luanda in the BIC Basket, the Angolan basketball league.
In 1995 NBA Draft Žukauskas was drafted as a #54 by Seattle SuperSonics in the second round.
She has been part of Canada Women's National Wheelchair Basketball Team since 2008.
He is currently an assistant coach for the Star Hotshots and the Head Coach for the FEU Tamaraws.
Mozgov won an NBA championship with the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2016, becoming one of the first Russians, along with Sasha Kaun, to win an NBA championship.
The Southern California Sports Broadcasters Association has named Lantz best radio commentator in six of the last seven years.
Darnell Lindsay was an American professional basketball player.
James Thomas Grandholm is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association and other leagues.
He came to the United States in 1980 to pursue his degree at BYU.
George P. Dempsey is an American former professional basketball player.
"Nonoy" Baclao, Jr. is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Alaska Aces of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Rodrique Zsorryon Benson is an American professional basketball player with the Wonju Dongbu Promy team of the Korean Basketball League in the South Korea.
For the first time in my life I'm ashamed to say that I'm a graduate of Indiana."
Howard Gregory Wright is an American professional basketball player.
He played in the American Basketball Association for the Washington Caps in five games in March 1970.
In 2002, he played for the Dakota Wizards of the Continental Basketball Association and helped the team win the 2002 CBA Championship.
In 1982, Reed was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
Nick Weatherspoon was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
Teresa Edwards is an American former women's basketball player and four time Olympic gold medalist.
He also represents the French national basketball team in the international competitions.
Zack Rosen is an American basketball player.
Steven Alexander Smith is an American professional basketball player for Champagne Châlons-Reims of the LNB Pro A.
He died of cancer in 2005 in Brooklyn.
He was a three-time NBA All-Star and the 1975 NBA Rookie of the Year.
He then was the starting center for the Bruins' 1970 and 1971 championship teams under legendary coach John Wooden.
Dwight Anthony Anderson is an American former professional basketball player.
He was picked second overall by the same team during the 2012 PBA Draft.
18 months later, the State Tenure Commission concluded that Kelso was wrongfully terminated and advised him to resume his job.
Stefan Živanović is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for Kumanovo of the Macedonian First League.
Alfons Alzamora Ametller is a Spanish professional basketball player currently playing for Força Lleida of the LEB Oro League league.
Chapman was a college standout at the University of Kentucky and went on to play for four NBA teams through his 12-year career in the league.
Before joining CLTIC, he played professionally overseas.
She reached 1,000 points faster than any other Lady Bruin and is still the school's second-highest career scorer in women's basketball.
He also coached the Austrian national team in 1972 and coached the 1973 U.S. team during the World University Games in Moscow, winning the gold medal.
He is considered as one of the best players that the Kosovo Basketball Superleague ever had.
During his NCAA playing career, N'Diaye acquired a reputation for rough play and contentious relations with game officials.
He also played in CBA with the Columbus Horizon during the 1991–92 season.
Jordan Christian Hamilton is an American professional basketball player for Uşak Sportif of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Elvin Mims is an American professional basketball player who last played for the London Lightning of the NBL Canada.
Calvin Abueva is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Alaska Aces of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Tuck also played for Minnesota's football team.
O'Brien is an American professional basketball player for the Salt Lake City Stars of the NBA Development League.
She was drafted in 2014 by the Minnesota Lynx of the WNBA.
Robert Edwin "Bob" Miller is a retired American basketball player.
Aleksej Nešović is a Bosnian-Serbian professional basketball player who last played for OKK Beograd of the Basketball League of Serbia.
He also represented the Angolan senior team at the FIBA Africa Championship 2009.
He is half of the remix team Rollo and Sister Bliss and is a founding member of the electronic music group Faithless.
Playing for the West team, Daye recorded a double-double, 22 points and 14 rebounds.
He was ultimately sentenced to two and a half to four years in prison for fixing games at LIU and Manhattan College.
In the late 1990s, West suffered from depression and alcoholism, for which he sought treatment.
In 2009, Al-Sous helped the Jordanian team to a national best third-place finish by averaging 1.9 points per game off the bench for the team.
Essie Bernard Hollis is a retired professional basketball small forward.
Since entering the NBA, Anthony has been named an All-Star ten times and an All-NBA Team member six times.
Zoran Savić is a retired Serbian professional basketball player.
Johnathan Hildred Wall Jr. is an American professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association.
He played four seasons in the American National Basketball League, a forerunner to the modern National Basketball Association.
After his professional basketball career, Johnson became an economics teacher and high school basketball coach in Tallahassee, Florida.
In basketball, he twice earned all-conference honors while also leading the Eastern Intercollegiate Basketball League in scoring as a senior in 1934–35.
Adams had a record 79 consecutive games with a 3-point field goal.
Günay was member of the national team, which took the bronze medal at the EuroBasket Women 2013 held in France.
She is 1.90 m height and plays as power forward.
He played college basketball for the University of Kansas.
In September 16, 2014; he was added to Byron Scott's coaching staff for the Los Angeles Lakers.
After two seasons with the Raptors, he joined the Charlotte Hornets for the 2015–16 season.
However, he was drafted into active duty in the United States Navy for the Korean War.
He was selected to play in both the 2014 McDonald's All-American Game and the 2014 Jordan Brand Classic.
He is still the only University of Missouri player to be named the national player of the year in men's basketball.
Joshua "Josh" Smith is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Sichuan Blue Whales of the Chinese Basketball Association.
She was drafted in 2013 by the Washington Mystics of the WNBA.
Jayson Antonie Granger Amodio is a Uruguayan-Italian professional basketball player who last played for Anadolu Efes of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Ferdinando "Nando" Gentile, born 1 January 1967, is an Italian former professional basketball player.
Nelson then spent a pre-season with the Los Angeles Lakers before playing with the Los Angeles D-Fenders and Delaware 87ers in the NBA Development League.
Tatenda Paul "Dummy" Maturure is a Zimbabwean professional basketball player who currently plays for JBC of the Harare Basketball League in Zimbabwe.
Phillip Michael "Phil" Pressey is an American professional basketball player for FC Barcelona Lassa of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
He won a gold medal in the 1960 Summer Olympics and won an NBA Championship as a member of the Milwaukee Bucks in 1971.
In 2014, he signed for the Xinjiang Flying Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association.
He played at Cardozo High School in Bayside, Queens.
He played guard during the course of his NBA career & played for the Knicks, Philadelphia Warriors and Los Angeles Lakers.
In 1975, together with Lionel "Train" Hollins, Lloyd led the Sun Devils to the Western Athletic Conference title and he earned honorable mention All-America.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Nowitzki are the only players to achieve four consecutive 30-point, 15-rebound post-season games.
Drew Neitzel is a former American professional basketball player.
Austin had his best season in 1997–1998, when he averaged 13.5 points and 7.1 rebounds while playing for the Heat and the Los Angeles Clippers.
He was sentenced on May 14, 2008.
Henry J. Finkel is an American basketball player whose professional career lasted from 1966 to 1975.
Ângelo Monteiro dos Santos Victoriano is a former Angolan basketball player.
Kaspars Vecvagars is a Latvian professional basketball player for VEF Rīga of the LBL.
Franklin, a small forward from Reading, Pennsylvania, played at Siena from 2006 to 2010.
West provided a veteran presence for the struggling young Grizzlies, but he saw very limited playing time, and he finally retired from the NBA in 2001.
Bobby Joe Edmonds was a professional basketball small forward for two seasons in the American Basketball Association as a member of the Indiana Pacers.
Nikolaos "Nikos" Chatzivrettas is a retired Greek professional basketball player.
Petros Velissariou is a Greek professional basketball player.
In 2000, Sports Illustrated magazine placed her as 22nd of the "100 Greatest Female Athletes of the 20th Century".
Ronald F. Kozlicki is an American former professional basketball player.
Vinicius played professionally for Sao Carlos at the time of his selection in the 2006 NBA draft.
Walter Burnette "Bud" Rea was an American university administrator and basketball player.
He played two seasons in the American Basketball Association in 1967–68 and 1968–69, winning the ABA Finals in 1968 as a member of the Pittsburgh Pipers.
A 6'3" guard born in Bayside, New York, Joyce played at the University of South Carolina.
The 6'11" center attended East Carolina University and Florida State University.
Werner regularly started at forward for the Gators from the 2007-08 season until graduating in the spring of 2010.
He was a member of the French national team in Eurobasket 2007 and a member of Roanne in Euroleague.
Regev Fanan is a former Israeli professional basketball player, who played most of his career with Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Born in Athens, he played professionally in the Greek Basket League and represented Greece at senior level.
Knostman is one of just 12 players in Kansas State history to be named a first team All-American.
Born in Englewood, Colorado, Waner is married to fellow Colorado-born basketball player Jimmy Bartolotta.
Additionally, he enjoys playing pick-up basketball at his local Merage Jewish Community Center in Newport Coast, California.
Kadam started playing basketball at the age of 12-13.
He was named Defensive Player of the Year during the 2006–07 NBA season, leading the league in blocked shots per game.
Ortiz holds various honors and records as a basketball player.
He completed his eligibility for the team in 1999 and led Penn State basketball in assists four seasons.
Martin Scott Nessley is a retired American professional basketball player who had a brief career in the NBA during the 1987-88 season.
After the NBA, Miller became a college coach for Campbellsville Junior College and Elon University.
He was awarded Hungarian Youth Player of the Year in 2007.
At 6'2", he played guard for five National Basketball Association teams.
He played college basketball for the San Diego State Aztecs.
He played collegiately for the Long Island University.
Gregory Kotrotsios is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for the AO Pagrati BC of the HEBA A2.
Bečirovič's son, Sani Bečirovič was a professional basketball player and now is an assistant coach, currently with Panathinaikos.
Dejan Todorović is a Serbian professional basketball player for Bilbao Basket of the Liga ACB.
Jones retired from professional basketball after the 2000–01 season.
Swanigan originally committed to Michigan State University, but later decommitted and committed to Purdue University.
He is 5'9", weighs 165 pounds and played the point guard position.
Eric Demarqua Maynor is an American professional basketball player who last played for Pallacanestro Varese of the Italian Serie A.
He averaged 6.5 points and 2.5 assists in 76 games.
Richardson has also played for the Charlotte Bobcats, Phoenix Suns, Orlando Magic, and the Philadelphia 76ers.
His career averages were 3.9 points and 1.7 rebounds per game.
Andrius Jurkūnas is a Lithuanian professional basketball coach and former player.
Julien Senderos is a Swiss basketball player who last played for BBC Nyon.
Jay-R C. Reyes is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association who currently plays for the San Miguel Beermen.
Granger then attended Texas Southern University and became a four-year starter on the varsity basketball team while playing the point guard position.
Ivica Blagojević is a former Macedonian-Serbian professional basketball Center who last played for Kumanovo.
Rok Stipčević is a Croatian professional basketball player who plays for Dinamo Sassari of the Lega Basket Serie A.
He is currently a college basketball analyst.
Segado Cortez "Cookie" Belcher is a former American professional basketball player.
Jerome "Jay" Anderson was an American professional basketball player and coach.
Green was named an NBA All-Star and All-NBA Team member the following two seasons.
Melisa averages 5,4 points and 5 rebounds in 20 minutes per game in Euroleague.
In her home country, she has played for four different top-level teams including the Dandenong Rangers, Townsville Fire, Sydney Uni Flames and Canberra Capitals.
Despite his failure to finish his collegiate career at Georgia, Mack was picked in the second round by the Philadelphia 76ers in 1989.
He played college basketball for Auburn University and the University of Missouri.
He is listed at 6'10" and 230 lbs.
Robert Troha is a retired Croatian professional basketball player.
Johnson died of cancer on June 1, 2007, aged 58.
Marshals found him boarding a bus in Houston, Texas and brought him back to Danville for trial.
Jerryd Andrew Bayless is an American professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association.
Lawrence N. "Larry" Seilhamer Rodríguez is a Puerto Rican politician and member of the Senate of Puerto Rico since January 7, 2009.
Thomas "Tom" O'Toole was an American basketball player best known for his collegiate career at Boston College.
Earl Rashad Clark is an American professional basketball player for Beşiktaş of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
He currently plays for the Guangdong Southern Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association.
He played college basketball for San Diego State University.
James Blackmon Jr. is an American basketball player.
He became the first Russian player selected in the first round of a draft and the youngest European player drafted.
He went on to split the 2016–17 season with the New York Knicks and Washington Wizards.
He was drafted in the 1947 BAA draft by the New York Knicks.
He led the Western Conference both years at 14.3 and 15.3 points per game respectively.
Kiril Nikolovski is a Macedonian professional basketball player born in Skopje.
Frank Turner is an American professional basketball player with ADA Blois Basket of the LNB Pro B.
He was a first-team All-state selection according to numerous publications.
Standing at 1.99 m, he plays at the shooting guard position.
He played college basketball at the University of Akron.
Vuk Radivojević is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Igokea of the Bosnian League.
Anna Spyridopoulou is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for Olympiacos and Greece women's national basketball team.
She played college basketball for Virginia and was selected second overall by the Minnesota Lynx in the 2010 WNBA draft.
He then began his coaching career with DePaul Academy, and led the school to the 1959 Chicago Catholic League title.
After graduating, Harris was selected in the 1980 NBA draft by the Boston Celtics, although he never played in the National Basketball Association.
Glen Max Morris was an American professional basketball and American football player.
Fred M. Williams was an All-American college basketball player for the University of Missouri.
In 1943 and 1947 he was named a Helms Foundation All American.
In 2010 Bradley was hired by The Summit Country Day School in Cincinnati, Ohio to be the coach of the Silver Knights boys varsity basketball team.
He groomed many players who went on to be inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame.
Peters made her WNBA debut on May 20, 2012, scoring 3 points and grabbing 4 rebounds in a win over the Phoenix Mercury.
He is currently the head coach of Saski Baskonia.
He then played professional basketball in Israel for nine of the next twelve years, before an injury ended his playing career, and he began coaching full-time.
Nayal Martin "Mac" Koshwal is a Sudanese professional basketball player who last played for the Santa Cruz Warriors of the NBA Development League.
Ricky Donell Minard Jr. is an American professional basketball player who plays for Tampereen Pyrintö of the Korisliiga.
Born in Maroussi, Athens, Greece, he is a 7 ft 1 in tall center, with a 7 ft 6 in wingspan.
Littles opted to play in the American Basketball Association.
Sophia Yvonne Ashley Young is a retired Vincentian/American professional women's basketball player with the San Antonio Stars in the Women's National Basketball Association.
Hargis enrolled in the University of Texas at Austin in the early 1940s and played college basketball there.
John Arnold "Johnny" Logan was an American basketball player and coach born in Richmond, Indiana.
The 6-foot-0, 170-pound guard played with the Warriors for five seasons and part of a sixth until he was waived in early January 1978.
He plays both the point guard and shooting guard positions.
Tarpley was banned from the NBA because of his drug and alcohol abuse.
Darryl Partin is an American basketball player for Salon Vilpas Vikings.
He is a 1.96 m tall shooting guard-small forward.
A native of Schenectady, New York, Supronowicz was 6 foot, 1 inch, and 180 pounds.
Russell also took his talents overseas to the Philippine Basketball Association playing for the Presto Ice Cream Makers and the Purefoods TJ Hotdogs.
He returned to the starting lineup by the postseason.
Gabriel Daniel V. "Gabe" Norwood is a Filipino American professional basketball player and a former NCAA basketball player at George Mason University.
At the club level, he won a total of 11 national championship titles, one with ASA, four with Petro Atlético and six with Primeiro de Agosto.
In the 2001 NBA draft, he was selected by the San Antonio Spurs with the 55th overall pick.
Patrick Joseph Garrity is an American former professional basketball player who played for ten years in the National Basketball Association.
Sotirios Manolopoulos is a Greek professional basketball player for Kymis of the Greek Basket League.
Not to be confused with Charlie Davis, another American basketball player born in 1949.
Lewis grew up in Northwest Washington, D.C. and developed a lot of his skills at the Jelleff's Boys Club in Georgetown,under the tutelage of Joe Branzell.
He was a 6'6" 210 lbs forward and played collegiately for Hillsdale College.
In October 2015, King was signed by the Pacquiao Powervit Pilipinas Aguilas where he was one of the two Heritage Import, the other being Alli Austria.
Rivas has also played internationally in Spain, Greece, and Italy.
While there, he played basketball for future Hall of Fame player and coach John Wooden.
He was also an extremely successful coach in Canadian Interuniversity Sport, leading the Badgers of Brock University to two national titles in 1992 and 2008.
Erwin L. Mueller is a retired American basketball player.
He has been a top scorer at many International Championships.
He previously played for Telekom Baskets Bonn.
After graduating from New Hampton, Auguste enrolled in the University of Notre Dame, to play college basketball for the Fighting Irish.
Since retiring, Kym's focus has shifted to many things including singing and TV.
She then represented Canada at the 1986 FIBA World Championship for Women, where the team finished in third place and won a bronze medal.
Mike Theodore "Stinger" Glenn is an American former professional basketball player.
Mary High School in his hometown of Akron, Ohio, where he was highly promoted in the national media as a future NBA superstar.
Kinney became the head coach of two programs following graduation – Fordham University and Yale University.
Bowling played collegiately for the University of Tennessee.
Baltico S. "Bo" Erias was an American professional basketball player.
He played with the Sheboygan Red Skins during the 1949-50 NBA season.
Wesley Arrington Witherspoon is an American basketball player.
McCollum is an American professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association.
Mohamed Hdidane is a Tunisian professional basketball player.
He came to FAU after two seasons at SMU where he worked under Hall of Fame Coach Larry Brown as the Director of Player Development.
Zwikker played four years of college basketball for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill under coach Dean Smith.
A 6'10" center from the University of Maryland, Lewis played three games for the Washington Bullets in the 1995–96 NBA season, scoring four points.
Marcus Lewis, is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Hapoel Gilboa Galil.
His number 32 was retired by the Bucks.
In 2011, he was traded from Denver to the New York Knicks just days prior to the NBA trade deadline.
He played four seasons with the ABA followed by two seasons in the NBA.
Chris Sean Robinson is a retired American professional basketball player.
She was head coach of Orrville High School's girls basketball team before assuming the duties of women's head basketball coach at Heidelberg College.
Estrada averaged 19.6 points per game in a total of 289 games played and made it once to the PBA Mythical team.
He was so enthusiastic about joining his new teammates that he immediately drove from Detroit to Toronto upon hearing the news.
Coulibaly played in the 2007 FIBA Africa Championship as a 19-year-old, but saw little action for the team.
Eugene William "Moe" Ollrich was an American professional basketball player.
John David Pritchard was an American professional basketball player.
Barry Nelson is an American former center who played in the National Basketball Association.
He is the first Chinese basketball player to sign with Jordan Brand.
He is a 2.02 m tall small forward.
The 6' 3" guard out of Roman Catholic High School in Philadelphia played college basketball for Villanova University from 1952 to 1955.
He was the ACC's leading scorer during each of the conference's first two years in existence.
VanderKuy graduated from Michigan in 1951 with a bachelor of arts degree in physical education.
He and Mills were teammates on the Detroit Pistons during the 1996-97 season.
Granger played college basketball at Villanova University, where his career averages were 10.4 points per game and 4.8 assists per game.
Carrick Felix is an American professional basketball player for the Long Island Nets of the NBA Development League.
On 1 November 2013, Sturgess was selected by the Springfield Armor in the third round of the 2013 NBA Development League Draft.
Henry Ellenson is an American professional basketball player for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association.
He was listed as a 6 ft 8 in forward.
He is currently an assistant coach for his alma mater, Wake Forest University.
He also played for the senior Bulgarian national basketball team, despite being born in the United States.
He played most minutes, scored most points and grabbed most rebounds for the Uganda national basketball team at the 2015 FIBA Africa Championship in Radès, Tunisia.
James Mikely Mantell Posey, Jr. is an American former professional basketball player.
She is 5 ft 8 inches tall.She is currently the head coach of Croatian national women's team.
He played four years of college basketball for the Colorado Buffaloes before playing professionally in Australia and Portugal.
He has two daughters, Lexi and Maya.
His 334 personal fouls in only 68 games gave him an average of more than 4.9 fouls per game.
Bailey rose to national prominence after being recruited by Indiana coach Bob Knight as an 8th grader, an unusual event at the time.
Born in Bahía Blanca, Argentina, he is 6'6½ tall.
He currently plays the point guard position at Centrale second division.
In April 2014, Collins featured on the cover of Time Magazine's "100 Most Influential People in the World".
Kaczmarski’s high school career and college recruitment were chronicled in the documentary film Running Down a Dream.
Doleac was selected 12th overall in the 1998 NBA draft by the Orlando Magic.
Kleine played on teams with legendary NBA players Michael Jordan, Charles Barkley, Larry Bird, Kevin McHale, Scottie Pippen, and Dennis Rodman.
During his career he has played for Alkar Sinj, Olimpija, EnBW Ludwigsburg, Slovan, Cedevita, Anwil Włocławek and Astrum Levice.
William R. "Bill" Turner is an American 6'7" retired American professional National Basketball Association player.
Trgovich was drafted by the San Diego Sails in the fourth round of the 1975 ABA draft.
He won a CBA title in 1995, a Belgian League title in 2004 and reached the NBL finals in 1995.
In the prime of his career, he possessed great scoring ability.
She competed with USA Basketball as a member of the 2000 Jones Cup Team that won the Gold in Taipei.
Haskins played professionally in the upstart National Professional Basketball League.
He was a 6'2" 185 lb guard, and played collegiately for the University of Connecticut Huskies.
Following a college career at St. John's University, he was selected by the New York Knicks in the second round of the 2000 NBA Draft.
Kayte Lauren Christensen is an American color commentator and former professional Women's National Basketball Association player.
Jacque Vaughn is an American former professional basketball player and coach who is currently an assistant coach for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association.
Born in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia, he is older brother of the twins Vojdan Stojanovski and Damjan Stojanovski, who are also basketball players.
She represented the Serbian national basketball team.
He was then re-united with his father Murray Mendenhall, playing one season with the Anderson Packers of the National Basketball League.
He is a two-time Parapan American Games gold medalist in both 2007 and 2011.
He is ranked 3rd all-time in both rebounds and blocks.
Brownstein earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and his master's from DePaul University.
Boin is married to Sheila Dolan Boin and they have three children, Patrick Christopher Boin b-1965, Mari Boin b-1968, and Leslie Madelon Boin b-1969
Amedeo Della Valle is an Italian professional basketball player who plays for Grissin Bon Reggio Emilia of the Italian Serie A as a combo guard.
In 2006, he was due to stand trial in Illinois on marijuana and weapons charges, but never showed up for trial.
Sotiris Manolopoulos is a Greek retired professional basketball player and a basketball coach.
She was also inducted into the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame the same year.
He is also noted for his defense and three point shooting skills.
In 2007, he was enshrined into the FIBA Hall of Fame.
In 2012 he participated at his first Olympics in London where he won gold.
Moore returned to Germany in the following season for Goettingen in the BBL.
He was one of the top rated high school basketball players in the class of 2011, being rated as high as No.
Stanley played collegiate basketball at Immaculata College.
"Jack" Underman was an American basketball player.
He last played for Recreativo do Libolo at the Angolan major basketball league BAI Basket.
Xu Yong was often considered as one of Chinas major basketball talents, third only to Yao Ming and Yi Jianlian.
In 2007, he was signed by PAOK Thessaloniki, but played just four games for them before returning to Atomerőmű.
Hardy played the forward position in the NBA from 1978 to 1982.
After only playing in a handful of games for the Pistons, he was sold in December 1950 to the Tri-Cities Blackhawks.
Upshaw then played for the CBA's Albany Patroons for most of the 1988–1989 season.
Davor Kus is a Croatian professional basketball player playing for Škrljevo in the A-1 Liga.
He went undrafted in 2001 NBA draft.
Ward was a two-time NCAA All-American, including a consensus selection in 1930.
A 6'4" forward from Stanford University, Walsh competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics, where he won a gold medal with the United States national basketball team.
He was a 6'3", 190 lb shooting guard.
He was voted as a consensus NCAA All-American as a senior in 1933–34 after guiding the Huskies to the Pacific Coast Conference championship.
Srdjan Božić is a former Serbian professional basketball player who last played for KK Sloga Societe Generale.
Justin Pierre Greene is an American basketball player.
He played in 33 games in the 1992 season for the team, averaging 3.6 points per game.
He has previously served various positions with junior college, high school, and NBA Development League.
Crowder later played in Italy, Spain, France and Israel.
Javier Antonio "Toñito" Colón is a retired Puerto Rican basketball player.
Ruffner played his rookie season, 1970–71, with the Bulls.
Carly Wilson is an Australian basketball player from Victoria.
Anwar Ferguson is a Bahamian professional basketball player.
He currently works as an assistant coach for the Los Angeles Clippers.
Donovan was also the coach of the Olympic gold medal-winning 2008 United States Women's Basketball team.
She was drafted by the Connecticut Sun of the Women's National Basketball Association in the 2015 WNBA Draft.
He is also the PBA's all-time leader in rebounds, blocked shots, and second all-time in assists and steals.
He is currently a radio analyst for the Detroit Pistons  and works as a co-host/analyst on SiriusXM NBA Radio.
Edward Lee House II is an American retired professional basketball player who last played for the Miami Heat of the NBA.
Vladimir Dašić is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for AEK Larnaca of the Cyprus Basketball Division 1.
In 2012–13 he worked as an assistant coach at Sam Houston State University under Jason Hooten.
David Chalton Ancrum is an American retired professional and college basketball player.
Simon was drafted 43rd overall in the 2001 PBA draft by the Sta.
Sloan had a career regular-season win–loss record of 1,221–803, placing him third all-time in NBA wins at the time he retired.
Arvydas Eitutavičius is a Lithuanian professional basketball player, who last played for Dzūkija Alytus of the Lithuanian Basketball League.
He is a 6'8", 220 lb forward.
He played for the Kansas State Wildcats.
Marcelo "Marcelinho" Tieppo Huertas is a Brazilian professional basketball player for Baskonia of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
He was survived by his wife Nesrin, two sons, Erhan and Ersin, and five grandchildren.
Irving, a 6 ft 9 in, 215-lb power forward/center, recorded 1,018 points and 1,186 rebounds during his three-year career at Hofstra.
Anthony Stewart is an Australian former professional basketball player who played 17 seasons in the National Basketball League.
He was selected the best athlete of Yugoslavia in the year 1978, and is one of the most decorated athletes in Yugoslavian history.
Arseneault's coaching staff includes his son, David Jr., who also played under his father at Grinnell.
He replaced former Sixer GM Billy King.
in 2016 Gordon became the first player to play in the NCAA tournament with three different teams, Western Kentucky, UMass, and Seton Hall.
Nenad Mijatović is a Montenegrin professional basketball player.
Hewlett was born in Bath, New York in 1896.
Gerald Jermaine Wallace is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association.
He averaged 6.5 points per game and was named an Academic All-American.
John Bernard "Jay" Handlan was an American college basketball star at Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia from 1948 to 1952.
He is a member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
He represented China's national basketball team at the 2015 FIBA Asia Championship in Changsha, China.
Federico Mussini is an Italian college basketball player who currently plays for St. John's Red Storm of the Big East Conference.
Craven finished his career 19th in scoring, 15th in three-point shooting, and second in steals on the USC charts.
He represents the senior Macedonian national team internationally.
Kirk Samuel Penney is a New Zealand professional basketball player for the New Zealand Breakers of the Australian National Basketball League.
He played 12 games with the Spurs during the 1977-78 NBA season, averaging 2.5 points per game.
In October 2016, he returned to Syracuse after being appointed to head coach Jim Boeheim's staff as assistant strength coach.
Marjan Janevski is a Macedonian professional basketball player for KK Kumanovo of the Macedonian First League.
Five seasons in North Queensland brought significant success, guiding the team to five consecutive post-season appearances and earning the 2011 NBL Coach of the Year Award.
Ben McLemore III is an American professional basketball player for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association.
In 2002, West became general manager of the Memphis Grizzlies and helped the franchise win their first-ever playoff berths.
She began going by her married name, Mia Murray, in 2015.
Mateusz Kostrzewski is a Polish professional basketball player who plays for Turów Zgorzelec of the Polish League.
Davis is best known for his All-American college career at the University of Tennessee.
He was a 6'4" and 170 lb guard who played collegiately for the Temple University.
He was named the Helms Foundation College Basketball Player of the Year for the 1908-09 season.
He was born in Columbus, Ohio, where he attended West High School.
In 1986, he was selected for the Manhattan College Athletic Hall of Fame.
In his junior season, Jackson led the Boilermakers with 4 assists per game and shooting 50.3 percent from the floor.
He plays the center position and is officially listed at 2.17 m.
He then signed with the Memphis Tams of the ABA, where he appeared in only 3 games.
Harden played college basketball for Arizona State, where he was named a consensus All-American and Pac-10 Player of the Year in 2009.
Kyle Edward Husslein is a Guamanian-American college basketball player playing for the University of Redlands.
Carlos Escalera is a Puerto Rican professional basketball player.
Petr Benda is a Czech basketball player, who currently plays for ČEZ Basketball Nymburk.
Reed wrote a book, Reed All About It: Driven to be a Jayhawk, about his experience growing up in Kansas and playing with the Jayhawks.
He played college basketball for the University of Missouri and Southeast Missouri State University.
Johnny Moates is an American former basketball player best known for his collegiate career at the University of Richmond between 1964–65 and 1966–67.
Randolph "Randy" Smith was an American professional basketball player who set the NBA record for consecutive games played.
He played one season of college basketball for Marquette before being drafted 18th overall by the Pistons in the 2016 NBA draft.
Rafer Jamel Alston is an American retired professional basketball player.
Massingale is an American-Australian professional basketball player for the Sunshine Coast Phoenix of the Queensland Basketball League.
He averaged 6.5 points per game in his career and won a league title with Syracuse in 1955.
He played for the Basketball Association of America's St. Louis Bombers and Baltimore Bullets between 1946 and 1949, averaging 3.0 points per game for his career.
Maja Milutinović is a former Montenegrin basketball player.
Bronson Beri is a New Zealand professional basketball player for the Nelson Giants of the National Basketball League.
2009-10, she led Hungary back to EuroBasket Women in the qualification campaign, then led MiZo Pécs to the Quarter-Finals of the EuroLeague Women with fantastic numbers.
Raised in Bakersfield, Sakuragi played college basketball at University of California, Los Angeles, and was a member of their national championship team in 1994–1995.
Serkan Inan is a Swedish-Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays for the AIK of the Swedish 2nd division North Svealand.
He won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award in 1996.
He played college ball for Virginia Commonwealth University.
Aron John Baynes is an Australian professional basketball player for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association.
Pedrito "Bong" Galanza is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Kia Picanto of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Myrda set a single game school record when he recorded 13 blocks against Texas–San Antonio on January 17, 2002.
Kevin Randolph Coble is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Sendai 89ers of the bj league.
He was wounded in both legs during service while in the South Pacific.
Dmitry Grigoryevich Khvostov is a Russian professional basketball player who plays for Lokomotiv Kuban of the VTB United League.
He also represents the New Zealand national team in international competition.
Lieberman is regarded as one of the greatest figures in American women's basketball.
He played for several clubs in Yugoslavia, most notably with the KK Partizan generation that won the 1991–92 Euroleague.
He played with the DePaul Blue Demons from 2004 to 2008 and joined the BayHawks soon after.
He signed a new four-year deal with Cedevita in March 2015.
Maurice Edward "Mo" Bailey is an American-Jamaican professional basketball player.
Amar'e Carsares Stoudemire is an American professional basketball player for Hapoel Jerusalem of the Israeli Basketball Premier League and the EuroCup.
He was born in nearby Hodges Park, Illinois, then moved with his family to Portland, Oregon before returning to Tamms at age 7.
He missed the 1944-45 and 1945-46 seasons to serve in World War II, but returned to play his senior year with Santa Clara in 1946-47.
He averaged career-highs of 7.1 points per game and 5.5 rebounds per game during the 1997–98 season with Minnesota.
Anaël Lardy is a French basketball player for ASPTT Arras and the French national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.
Jānis Strēlnieks is a Latvian professional basketball player who plays for Olympiacos of the Greek Basket League and EuroLeague.
Together with Vassilis Spanoulis, they are the only players in history to achieve the EuroLeague Final Four MVP honor on three occasions.
He mainly plays as a shooting guard, but he can also play as a small forward.
Cobb did continue to coach Little League baseball teams throughout much of his life.
Rouse was still named an honorable mention All-American at the close of the season.
He played football in the school team, though he was directed to playing basketball.
Perkins was selected in the fourth round of the 1949 BAA Draft by the Providence Steamrollers after a collegiate career at Tulane.
Before his NBA coaching career, James enjoyed heavy success coaching Illinois high school basketball.
Darko Radulović is a Macedonian professional basketball Shooting guard who currently is an assistant coach in Vardar.
He was inducted into the Saginaw County Sports Hall of Fame in 2007 and is an all-time great in the Turkish Basketball League.
He played for the Lakers, Cleveland Cavaliers and Philadelphia 76ers in the NBA and for the Denver Rockets in the ABA for 84 games.
Chien Kok-Ching is a Taiwanese basketball player.
Bjorn "BJ" McKie is an American former professional basketball player and current assistant coach at Charleston Southern University.
Oklahoma lost to Holy Cross in the contest.
Jones was selected with the 21st pick of the first round in the 1986 NBA draft by the Washington Bullets.
Smith also played one season in the ABA for the San Diego Conquistadors where he averaged 3.7 points per game and 4.3 rebounds per game.
A 6'7" power forward from Morehead State University, Green played six seasons in the National Basketball Association and American Basketball Association.
He is a shooting guard playing for Olin Gençlik.
The Indiana Pacers, then of the ABA, selected him in the third round, while the Cleveland Cavaliers chose him in NBA's third draft round as well.
Lai Lam-kwong is a Taiwanese basketball player.
Gytis Sirutavičius is a Lithuanian professional basketball player currently playing for ALM Évreux Basket of the LNB Pro B.
He was named honorable mention All-Big Ten after leading the Badgers in scoring, field goal percentage, and blocked shots.
He is a six-foot-ten-inch tall power forward-center and plays at champville BC 
In the league's fledgling season, King averaged 7.8 points per game, and led the team with an average of 3.2 assists.
Terrell Stoglin is an American professional basketball player for Club Sagesse of the Lebanese Basketball League.
Hasegawa coached the Japanese Universiade team at the 2007 Summer Universiade in Bangkok, Thailand and the Aoyama Gakuin University basketball team.
In his freshman year, he was part of the team that won the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
He was selected by the Boston Celtics in the 6th round of the 1976 NBA Draft.
Hennon's number 10 jersey was retired by the University of Pittsburgh in 1968.
A 7'0" center from the University of Oregon, Rasmussen played in eight seasons in the NBA from 1985 to 1993.
Standing at 2.13 m, he can play as a power forward or center.
He is nicknamed "Flip" by childhood friends who often said he looked like Bernie Mac's character, "Flip", from the movie Above The Rim.
Chris Carrawell is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the San Antonio Spurs in the 2nd round of the 2000 NBA Draft.
Elena Igorevna Kirillova,, née Elena Danilochkina, is a Russian basketball player.
Born in Columbia, South Carolina, he played college basketball at the University of South Carolina.
Long had two relatives who were playing in the NBA during his tenure in the league: John Long, his uncle, and Terry Mills, his cousin.
Austin Hollins is an American professional basketball player who plays for Kauhajoen Karhu of the Korisliiga.
She attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 1986-1987, and was inducted to the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame in 2010.
McClain was a member of Villanova's National Championship team in 1985.
He was the high scorer in the gold medal game, scoring 8 points in a 19-8 victory, and averaged a tournament-leading 14.5 points per game.
In the 1945 championship game, a 47-46 win over Denver Ambrose, McNatt led Phillips 66 in scoring with 15 points, outdueling Denver star Robert Gruenig.
Branch has worked with Sportsworld Ministries, Fellowship of Christian Athletes Young Life, Youth for Christ, Youth With A Mission, Athletes in Action and Sports Power International.
He won the silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games, and the gold medal at the EuroBasket 1999.
Stefanie Dolson is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Sky of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Torres broke the record for the most points scored in a career at that league, with over 15,800 points scored.
Toone's NBA career lasted only one season, as he averaged 2.4 points and 1.5 rebounds per game in a reserve role for the 76ers in 1979–80.
Jordan's decision to leave college early to play professionally was due to a lack of team chemistry.
William Joseph Hassett was an American professional basketball player.
Now, he's playing for the basketball club Marinerong Pilipono in Philippines.
In 63 career NBL appearances, Terjesen averaged 3.1 points per game.
194 cm tall forward Heinonen plays for his foster club Tampereen Pyrintö in Korisliiga, where he has won 2014 Finnish championship.
Lehto won Finnish championship with Tampereen Pyrintö in 2010, 2011 and 2014.
As a junior, as well, he was named a Yahoo!
Nelson was signed by the San Antonio Spurs before the 1976–77 NBA season, but was waived after four games.
Jeannette attended Washington and Jefferson College, in Washington, Pennsylvania.
After Manhattan College, Campion played in Italy for Mobilgirgi Varese.
Chris Ray Wilcox is an American former professional basketball power forward and center who last played for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association.
He previously worked for the Memphis Grizzlies, Cleveland Cavaliers, and Golden State Warriors.
Vildan Mitku is a 200 cm tall Albanian professional basketball player.
Emmette married Bonnie on February 14, 1983.
John Billy Mamaril is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for GlobalPort Batang Pier.
Marcel Aarts is a Dutch basketball player who currently plays for New Heroes Den Bosch of the Dutch Basketball League.
Jelan Kendrick is an American basketball player who plays small forward and was a McDonald's All-American for Joseph Wheeler High School in Atlanta, Georgia.
One of his most famous international game was playing the 1988 McDonald's Open against Boston Celtics.
In the 2012–13 season, he played for the Dutch Basketball League team Rotterdam Basketbal College.
Samb Cheikh Tidiane is a Senegalese professional basketball player.
She was an All-American point guard at the University of Texas at Austin and won a Gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
West was inducted into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame in 1980 and voted as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA history in 1996.
He helped his team reach the Euroleague Final Four twice, in 1996 and 2001.
Juan Méndez is a professional basketball player who played for the Niagara University men's university basketball team from 2001 to 2005.
He was selected with the 12th pick in the second round of the 1986 NBA draft by the Washington Bullets.
Ron Lee is still the all-time leading scorer for the University of Oregon with 2,085 points in his four seasons of play.
Scott Morrison is a Canadian basketball coach who currently serves as an assistant coach of the National Basketball Association's Boston Celtics.
Tony Meier is an American basketball player who last played for ČEZ Nymburk of the Czech National Basketball League.
In his first Baloncesto Superior Nacional season, Vassallo averaged 25.6 points, 6.7 rebounds, and 4.3 assists per game for the Criollos de Caguas.
He is a graduate of the Ole Miss basketball program.
Bauer is from Hastings, where he attended Hastings High School.
As a senior in college, she helped Cal advance to the second round of the 2015 NCAA Tournament.
Petar Despotović is a Serbian professional basketball player for MBK Handlová of the Slovak Extraliga.
He was drafted out of University of South Carolina Upstate by the Bullets during the second round of the 1982 NBA draft.
At Michigan he became a second-team All-Big Ten Conference selection.
Jeffrey Alan Lamp is an American former professional basketball player.
At 189 cm and 76 kg, he plays as a point guard.
He played college basketball for the University of Pittsburgh.
A LaToya Thomas was a subject of the "Autopsy" documentary series as a subject falsely convicted in a murder.
The most of previous season he spent at Tezenis in Italian league.
Pape Modou Mbaye is a Senegalese basketball player who currently plays in Belgium for CEP Fleurus, after spending a few seasons at Real Madrid.
Dawson had played collegiately at Texas A&M University between 1942 and 1946.
He died on April 9, 2008 in Evansville, Indiana.
In the 2012-13 season, she was transferred back to Mersin B.B.
He averaged 8.0 pts, 3.5 reb, 1.3 ass in the 2012-13 season of the ABA League.
In 1987 he played his first season in the Superior League, BSN, with the Bayamon Cowboys.
Chariton Arnold "Arnie" Ferrin, Jr. is an American retired basketball player, executive, and college athletics administrator.
Between 1968 and 1974, Miller led Elon to six straight 20-win seasons.
He started his professional career with Tofaş in Turkish Basketball 2nd League.
Stella Elfriede Staudinger is a former Austrian female professional basketball player.
Nicknamed "The A-Train", the 7'2" Gilmore once played in 670 consecutive games.
He then joined the Oklahoma City Thunder for the remainder of the season, playing for the 2012 NBA championship in his eighth Finals appearance.
DeClercq was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1973.
Jones first played professionally with MBK Rieker Komárno of the Slovak Extraliga.
Joshua Emmanuel "Josh" Akognon is an American-Nigerian professional basketball player for Henan of the Chinese National Basketball League.
Rohanee Cox is an Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Sydney Uni Flames of the Women's National Basketball League.
In 2007, Grant was named to the staff of the MIT Men's Basketball team as an assistant coach.
He won two national championships at Oklahoma A&M University and was later an early professional in the Professional Basketball League of America.
He played as an import for the Chang Thailand Slammers for the 2010-2011 season.
He is a 6 ft. 8.75 in.
He committed to the University of Arizona, but reneged by making himself eligible for the NBA Draft.
Jerry Norman is an American former college basketball player and coach.
For the physicist, see Erwin Wilhelm Müller.
He left the school with 1,730 points and 930 rebounds for his career.
On October 2, 1986, the Seattle SuperSonics acquired the rights to Schoene, along with guard Terence Stansbury and "future considerations," in return for guard John Long.
After the Michigan arrest, he was arrested two more times for marijuana, and in 2003 was given a 10-year prison sentence.
He died in Phoenix, Arizona in 2004; following a 35-year career with the Caterpillar Corporation.
Born in Fort Smith, Arkansas, he attended Hutchinson Community College and the University of Kansas.
Marcus Goree is an American former professional basketball player.
Manning later served as a scout for the Spurs.
Adam Hrycaniuk is a Polish professional basketball player who currently plays for Stelmet Zielona Góra of the Polish Basketball League.
DeAndre M. Daniels is an American professional basketball player for Dinamica Mantova of the Italian Serie A2 Citroën.
After his college career was over, Jackson was drafted in the fifth round of the 1974 NBA draft by his hometown New York Knicks.
He was the first player to reach that number of points.
He played college basketball for Rhode Island.
He also holds the UConn records for career scoring average of 23.6 pts per game and consecutive foul shots made.
Donald John May is an American former professional basketball player who played college basketball at Dayton and was twice chosen as consensus second team All-American.
Runge returned to Colgate again in 1950 for a celebration of the first 50 years of Colgate basketball.
Quimby's combined career point and rebound totals are more than any other Connecticut player.
Kenneth Lloyd "Ken" Sailors was an American professional basketball player active in the 1940s and early 1950s.
He was drafted by the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association with the 40th overall pick in the 1998 NBA Draft.
Bunt played for the Knicks and Baltimore Bullets in the NBA for 26 games.
Anthony "Cat" Barber is an American professional basketball player for New Basket Brindisi of Lega Basket Serie A.
Sean Marielle Higgins is an American former professional basketball player.
He was selected by the Philadelphia Warriors in the 1949 BAA draft and the Syracuse Nationals in the 1949 NBL draft.
George suffered a broken leg in 2014 while competing for a roster spot on the United States national team for the FIBA Basketball World Cup.
Alex Aggelakos is a Greek professional basketball player.
Leavell participated in two NBA Finals, in two losses against the Boston Celtics.
He is currently the head coach of the Wayland Baptist men's basketball program.
On September 24, 2008, Gansey was selected by the Erie Bayhawks with the first overall pick in the expansion draft.
Lawrence "Larry" Moore is an American former professional basketball player.
He was also third place in NBA Slam Dunk Contest in 1995.
Daliborka Vilipić is a Serbian female basketball player.
Strain played from 1938 to 1941 and, as a senior, was a starting guard for the Badgers' 1941 national championship team.
Reeves Bruce Nelson is an American professional basketball player.
Vukašin Aleksić is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for Metalac Valjevo of the Basketball League of Serbia.
He played high school basketball for Grace Preparatory Academy and Prime Prep Academy in Texas, where he gained much of the media's attention.
She has represented national team since 2009, earning bronze medals at EuroBasket Women 2009, and World Championship 2010 and silver medal at World Championship 2014.
He played the next season with the Atlanta Crackers of the upstart Professional Basketball League of America, averaging 4.0 points per game in four contests.
Shanahan was considered one of the best 3 point shooters in the NBL but has been criticised for his infrequent shooting.
Korel Engin, aka Cori Enghusen, is an American-born Turkish female basketball player at the center position for Beşiktaş Cola Turka.
He also represents the Slovenian national basketball team.
He is the son of the great jazz drummer Sid Catlett.
Marc García Antonell is a Spanish professional basketball player who currently plays for FC Barcelona of the Liga ACB.
He is 1.97 m in height and plays at the Shooting guard position.
He is one of the all-time greats of the Carleton University Ravens men's basketball team and a member of the Ravens' Hall of Fame.
He played his first year in college in 2014–15 as a sophomore with the Bruins, and he led the team in scoring as a junior.
Kevin Francis Joyce is a retired American basketball player.
Ibaka was drafted by the Oklahoma City Thunder's former incarnation, the Seattle SuperSonics with the 24th overall pick in the 2008 NBA draft.
Ryan Broekhoff is an Australian professional basketball player with PBC Lokomotiv-Kuban of the VTB United League.
He was named Northeast Conference Player of the Year in 1996.
He participated in his first major international competition for the Iranian team at the 2010 FIBA World Championship in Turkey.
With Father Francis Friedl, he coauthored the book Homilies Alive: Creating Homilies That Hit Home.
Iva Prčić is a former Serbian female basketball player.
Mark Hendrickson is an American football coach and former player with the University of Northern Iowa.
He was selected 11th overall in the 2008 NBA draft by the Indiana Pacers and then traded to the Portland Trail Blazers.
He saw action in all nine games for the Ivorians, who won the silver medal to qualify for the 2010 FIBA World Championship.
He was also named first team all-conference for three consecutive years, and the Summit League player of the year as a senior.
On April 13, 2008, he assisted MIT associate head coach, Oliver Eslinger, at the NEBCA All-Star Game.
Leading his team every major statistical category.
Born in Mount Vernon, New York, he was the younger brother of Gus Williams, who also played in the NBA.
Sinan Güler is a Turkish professional basketball player for Fenerbahçe of the Turkish Basketball Super League and the EuroLeague.
Bernardino Tamames Alonso was a Spanish basketball player.
Later that year, David Noel was chosen by the Barangay Ginebra Kings team of the Philippine Basketball Association to be their import.
Thomas Donald Black is a retired American professional basketball player.
Rupert had 35 selections for the French national men's basketball team from 2001-2004.
After his stint in the NBA he went to Europe, where he played for Olympia Larissa, Metis Varese, Reflex Belgrade, and Lietuvos rytas Vilnius.
David Boyd Teague III is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA Development League.
Ron Radliff is a naturalised Australian citizen.
Christopher Lee Crawford is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the second round of the 1997 NBA Draft.
Shawan signed with Ostrava after a brief stint with the Deutsche Bank Skyliners from Germany.
Lyons was born in Topeka, Kansas, and went to high school at Coastal Christian Academy and Piper High School.
Taurean James Green is an American professional basketball player for Bnei Herzliya of the Israeli Premier League.
He was again drafted in the 1960 NBA draft, this time by the Cincinnati Royals, however he did not play in the NBA.
There are many gene banks all over the world, with the Svalbard Global Seed Vault being probably the most famous one.
At 7 ft 6 in, he is among the tallest college players in the US.
Rodgers led the NBA in assists twice, and placed second six times.
He was selected as a 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball All-American by CBSSports.com and the Associated Press—sometimes AP—(honorable mention).
In the 1969 NBA Finals, Counts indirectly played a role in one of the most controversial coaching decisions in NBA history.
In two seasons with the Red Skins, Graf averaged 2.2 points over 6 NBL games.
He spent his childhood as a resident of Altgeld Garden housing projects.
Michalis Giannakidis is a Greek professional basketball player.
Gintaras "Vytas" Krapikas is a retired Lithuanian basketball player.
A Mythical Five member in the 2004–05 season, the 6-6 slotman was relegated to the Second Team the following year.
During his heyday, he is known as The Sultan of Swipe.
Bojan Radulović is a Slovenian-Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Olimpija Ljubljana of the Slovenian League.
Sellers was elected mayor of his native Warrensville Heights on November 8, 2011, and sworn in on January 1, 2012.
He was rated the top prep player in the nation over Magic Johnson and Gene Banks during his senior year.
Daniel Anthony Fortson is an American former professional basketball player.
He is 1.86 m tall point guard.
Nicknamed "Double D", Davis played for five seasons in the NBA with two teams: the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors.
That season, he was traded from the Pistons to the Milwaukee Bucks along with cash for Dave Gambee.
He then played for the Rockets and the Atlanta Hawks, averaging 5.6 points per game over his career.
He is interred at Calvary Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.
Thomas Arthur "Tom" Van Arsdale is a former professional basketball player.
He played college basketball at Cleveland State University.
He played college basketball at the George Washington University.
He is currently the Chief Financial Officer of the organization.
Suzanne Brigit "Sue" Bird is an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Storm of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Ljubica Otašević was a Yugoslav and Serbian actress and basketball player.
Erickson retired in 1977 with 7,251 points and 3,449 rebounds.
She has played over 200 games in the WNBL and won several WNBL Championships.
When Hamilton isn't playing professional basketball he spends much of his time in the community working with 100 Black Men of America in Atlanta, Georgia.
During his four-year career, Myrda blocked a then-NCAA Division I record 535 shots, which was 43 more than the next closest player.
Steve Gansey is an American former basketball player currently working as the head coach of the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA Development League.
Standing at 6 ft 9 in, he plays at the small forward position.
Kyle Brandon O'Quinn is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association.
He played part of one season in the National Basketball Association and in the early 1980s for the Canadian national men's basketball team.
Reed played college basketball for UCLA and Long Beach State.
Murilo Becker Da Rosa is a Brazilian basketball player.
He was born June 1, 1985, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic to his father Luis Chávez and mother Rosa Julie Jacobo de Chávez.
He was not accorded a fourth year of eligibility for academic reasons.
This passion also led to his desire to work with the Peacekeepers of Mt.
"Bart" Quinn was an American basketball player.
Ross Bekkering is a former Canadian-Dutch professional basketball player.
Valerio Amoroso is an Italian professional basketball player who plays as power forward or center.
He tallied 28.8 points per game in his freshman year and 30.6 points per game in his sophomore year.
Vladimir Stepania is a retired Georgian professional basketball player, in the center position.
While with the Spurs, he was a member of the "Bruise Brothers" along with George Johnson, Paul Griffin, Dave Corzine, and Mark Olberding.
Born in Kingston, Pennsylvania, Popson attended Bishop O'Reilly High School where he held nearly all the basketball records.
Brown does live radio remotes at different restaurants with Marty Rodick in Las Vegas, NV on Saturday & Sunday.
He played collegiately for the Clemson Tigers.
Xavier "Xavi" Pascual i Vives, commonly known as Xavi Pascual, is a Spanish professional basketball coach.
Butler died of cancer on July 12, 2000.
Blandine N'Goran is a Ivorian female professional basketball player.
A 6’0" guard born in Washington, D.C. and an alum of La Salle University, Taylor joined the American Basketball Association in 1969.
Carlesimo served as head coach of four different NBA teams, and was named Seton Hall University's "Coach of the Century."
Daniel Faris is a Lebanese American basketball player.
She won two National Championships with the UConn Huskies, then continued to play basketball in Sweden and Luxembourg.
He also played for the Algeria national basketball team.
He played college basketball at the University of California, Los Angeles from 1975 to 1979.
He is currently third in all-time assists in Ohio State history.
Ron Howard is an American professional basketball player who last played for Élan Béarnais Pau-Lacq-Orthez of the LNB Pro A.
The Dream waived her in early June.
He played one year of college basketball with the Kansas Jayhawks.
He coached the Nuggets for one year, posting an 11-71 record.
Baracael was drafted sixth overall by the Alaska Aces in the 2011 PBA draft.
Thomas was one of only eleven players to average a double-double for the 2003–04 season, and the shortest one at 6-foot, 7-inches.
In 2016, he became the fourth NBA player to ever win consecutive dunk contests.
In his second season, he moved to Hapoel Lev Hasharon of the Liga Leumit, where he played for two years.
Daniel Vujasinović is a Slovenian professional basketball player.
Nakase grew up in Orange County, California, where she was honored as the county's high school player of the year.
Initially, Yi declined to sign with Milwaukee for several months before agreeing to a contract with them on 29 August 2007.
He was a key figure in founding the Western League, a minor-league baseball circuit, and served as league president.
Carlos R. Clark is an American retired professional basketball player.
Ronald Lozada Pascual is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Blackwater Elite of the Philippine Basketball Association.
With Panathinaikos, he won eleven Greek League championships, five EuroLeague Championships, eight Greek Cups, and one FIBA Intercontinental Cup.
He played for Saski Baskonia, Valencia BC, CB Murcia, CB Gran Canaria, Valencia Godella and Gandía BA as a player for 12 years in his career.
Nikki Teasley is a former basketball player in the WNBA.
Through rehabilitation, he regained his ability to walk and resumed his broadcasting duties.
On July 11 Lovelace was signed by the Detroit Shock, however, on August 8 she was waived by the team.
Alton Lavelle Lister is an American retired professional basketball player.
He had previously played in the National Basketball League with several teams.
He also played for the Adelaide 36ers in the Australian National Basketball League during 1995, averaging 14.8 points in 21 games.
Felder, a 5-foot-9-inch point guard, declared for the 2016 NBA draft at the conclusion of his junior year at Oakland.
Sieberts, a forward from Portland, Oregon, went to Oregon Agricultural College where he played basketball and baseball.
Solomon Jones III is an American professional basketball player for the Oklahoma City Blue of the NBA Development League.
He went to the University of North Carolina, he holds the record for the highest career 3 point percentage in UNC history.
McCarter later served as head coach at the University of Detroit Mercy.
She won EuroLeague Women 2005-06 with Gambrinus Brno and played 12 ppg, 4.5 rpg and 3 apg averages in EuroLeague Women 2009–10.
The following year, he was the Big Ten Conference scoring champion for the 2008–09 season and was a first-team 2009 All-Big Ten selection.
At North Carolina, Felton led the Tar Heels to a national championship before declaring for the NBA draft.
Leslie "Big Game" Hunter is an American former professional basketball player.
He earned four NBA championship rings in his brief career.
He is the current head coach of the Egypt national basketball team.
They have three sons: Robert, David, and Quentin.
Fox was drafted with the third pick in the second round of the 1972 NBA Draft.
During rookie-free agent camp, Brownlee suffered an injury when he dislocated his little finger during scrimmage.
Angelos Tsamis is a Greek professional basketball player.
Martin, a 6'9" power forward from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, was considered one of the top players in college basketball while at LSU.
He is best known for his college career, where he was an All-American and Northeast Conference Player of the Year at Quinnipiac University.
Howard Hershey "Howie" Carl was an American basketball player.
Gary A. Phillips is a retired American professional basketball player.
Alexandros "Alexis" Falekas is a Greek retired professional basketball player and a current professional basketball coach.
In 2010, Ryan will return to the Australian NBL with the Sydney Kings.
He played for the Irish Under 20 national team, and the senior national team.
Elmedin Kikanović is a Bosnian professional basketball player for AS Monaco of the LNB Pro A.
Kevin was married to his high school sweetheart, Elizabeth Cuccia, for 21 years before she died on January 3, 2009.
Following his NBA career, he played one season with the Memphis Houn'Dawgs of the ABA.
Despite her height disadvantage, she became a successful player.
He was well known for his rebounding ability and trademark goggles.
6 in UCLA history in career games played.
Konrad Wysocki is a German–Polish professional basketball player who plays for Crailsheim Merlins of the Basketball Bundesliga.
He played 13 seasons in the NBA with seven teams before becoming a coach in 2014.
Brian Daniel Oliver is an American professional basketball player who last played for Mississauga Power of the National Basketball League of Canada.
Previously, he was the men's basketball coach at the University of San Francisco.
Rashad Dion McCants is an American professional basketball player, who is currently a free agent.
He was born in Tuzla, located in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the former Yugoslavia.
At Panola, Oppong earned all-conference honors and led them to a fairly successful season in the NJCAA Region XIV.
Bennett was also named a third team All-American by the Associated Press in 1948, his senior year.
Šalenga won the Euroleague Week-6 MVP award on December 3, 2009.
He was an honorable mention All-Big Ten selection following the 2007–08 Big Ten Conference men's basketball season.
A. L. Bennett died on June 25, 2008.
Ingrid Tanqueray is a French basketball player for Basket Lattes and the French national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.
When Llamas played at Pima Community College, he played well enough to make Phoenix Suns scouts feel impressed.
Born and raised in the Chicago area, Campion was an All-American college player for DePaul University in the 1936–37 season.
John Miles Ecker is a German-American former basketball player and coach.
He held the Badger record as its last All-American for 56 years until Alando Tucker was named a First Team All-American in 2007.
He was the first overall pick of the 1973 NBA draft and a three-time NBA All-Star.
Competing for France, she won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
She is 5 ft 10 inches tall.
The 2.03 metre tall power forward played professionally in the United States, France and Sweden, before landing at the Auckland Stars in 2002.
The Mystics' aggregate record under Rollins over the two seasons was 25-28, second best in Mystics history.
English played just eight games in the following season and later joined the minor-league Continental Basketball Association.
Jabari Montsho Smith is an American former professional basketball player who last played with Pioneros de Quintana Roo in Mexico.
He played college basketball for Sam Houston State
Hendrix attended the University of Alabama, where he played for the Crimson Tide.
Stivrins was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics with the 5th pick in the 2nd round of the 1985 NBA Draft.
Gerard's best NBA season came in 1976–77 when he averaged 10 points a game for the Denver Nuggets.
In addition to playing basketball, he has been serving a second term as a member of the Angolan parliament, representing the ruling party, MPLA.
Lever also serves as the color analyst for the Kings radio broadcasts.
His son also scored a South Carolina state record 3,481 points and had played on the varsity team since 8th grade.
He is a 2.08 m tall power forward-center.
Kiah now plays professional basketball for the WNBA team the New York Liberty.
He hails from a small town called Miraj in Maharashtra.
The team compiled a record of 29-5 and lost to the eventual Junior College national champions, Indian Hills Community College.
Later in 2012, he joined the Shanghai Sharks of the Chinese Basketball Association.
He was then recruited away to Beebe High School in nearby Beebe, Arkansas.
MacCulloch was inducted into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame on December 5, 2014.
Carl "Bracey" Arman Wright is an American professional basketball player for Büyükçekmece Basketbol of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
He is currently the director of player personnel and development for the Sacramento Kings and the general manager for the Reno Bighorns, Sacramento's NBA D-League affiliate.
He played college basketball for the Michigan Wolverines of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
McRoberts, a 6 ft 10 in power forward, played college basketball for the Duke Blue Devils.
Douglas was also a member of the Gold Medal 1976 United States Pan American Team that played in Mexico City.
Rudolph "Rudy" A. LaRusso was an American basketball player.
Bradds, the grandson of former Ohio State All-American and NBA player Gary Bradds, grew up in Jamestown, Ohio and starred at Greeneview High School.
Wesley JaMarr Johnson is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association.
James D. Garvin is a retired American basketball player.
As a rookie in 1997–98, he led the Kings in blocked shots and ranked second overall among NBA rookies.
Aleksandar Andrejević is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for Kumanovo of the Macedonian First League.
He also played for the Atlanta Hawks and the Indiana Pacers.
With EuroLeague Women experience under her belt, Vardarli has grown to be even more mature and that should show itself at EuroBasket Women 2007.
Steve Colter is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the second round of the 1984 NBA draft.
Nachamkin was selected in the 1954 NBA Draft by the Rochester Royals after a collegiate career at New York University.
Joseph G. "Joe" Schaaf was an American basketball player who was a two-time NCAA All-American at Penn in 1928 and 1929.
Henare competed for New Zealand at the 2001 Goodwill Games in Brisbane and the 2003 FIBA Oceania Championship.
He was inducted into the Louisiana Basketball Hall of Fame in 2006.
At Aquinas, Fernandez also played long jump with the indoor track and field team in his freshman season,
From 1953 to 1955, he played in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Milwaukee Hawks and Minneapolis Lakers.
He spent his only NBA season split between the Cavaliers and the Dallas Mavericks.
He scored a season average 25.3 points a game his senior year.
Bernard Anthony Hopkins White is an American-Spanish retired professional basketball player.
BeeJay Anya is an American basketball player.
Jeremy Emmanuel Lamb is an American professional basketball player for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association.
Odis Allison Jr. is a retired American basketball player.
He won two Eurobasket silver medals in 1959 and 1967, as well as a bronze in 1969.
Over the past several years he began bringing male mentors into the school district initiating the 100 Positive Men.
Hughes coached the Silver Stars from 2005 to 2009, and rejoined the team in 2011.
Haddadi was the first Iranian to play in the National Basketball Association when he debuted with the Memphis Grizzlies in 2008.
After being diagnosed with cancer five years prior, Fleming died after on May 14, 2003 at the age of 49.
After one season at UCLA, he entered the NBA after being named one of the top freshmen in the Pac-12 Conference.
Howard W. "Soup" Cable was an American professional basketball player.
He is the son of Moni Fanan.
He was also known by the nicknames "Rip" and "Swede."
In 2016, he was traded back to the Atlanta Hawks.
She was recently waived by the San Antonio Silver Stars in 2009.
Nicknamed "Birdman", Andersen was born in Long Beach, California, grew up in Iola, Texas, and played one year at Blinn College.
In February 1957 he was averaging 17.1 points per game and was #6 in the NCAA in rebounding.
Richard L. "Dick" Farley was an American professional basketball player.
Hörður Axel Vilhjálmsson is an Icelandic professional basketball player for Astana of the VTB United League.
Smith contributed to the success of the Titans that saw them reach consecutive Grand Finals, of which, they did not won none.
Marzorati is considered one of the best point guards of all time in Europe, and was named the Mister Europa, in 1976.
He coached Marshall to a 100-88 record, winning one Mid-American Conference championship and one NCAA tournament appearance.
Returned to Turkey in 2003, Akkaya played for Erdemirspor in Zonguldak.
He was a standout college player for the Marquette Golden Eagles.
The Bullets topped the Atlanta Hawks, San Antonio Spurs and Philadelphia 76ers to reach the championship round.
He played for the Denver Nuggets and the Philadelphia 76ers.
Robert Eugene Jeangerard was an American basketball player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Standing at 1.83 m, she plays at the shooting guard position.
Robert Paul "Bob" Kinney was an American professional basketball player in the Basketball Association of America, National Basketball Association and National Professional Basketball League.
Jerel Blassingame is an American professional basketball player for Antibes Sharks of the French LNB Pro A.
Williams was the Great West Conference player of the year in 2011 and UVU's first division I All-American in basketball.
As of February 2005 he was splitting his time in retirement between Whidbey Island and Palm Desert, California.
Özge Kavurmacıoğlu is a Turkish female basketball player.
Kelvin Matthew Sampson is an American basketball coach who is currently the head coach of the Houston Cougars men's basketball team.
He left school in 1992 to pursue his professional career, and played in the NBA for the Miami Heat and Cleveland Cavaliers.
Dwight David Howard is an American professional basketball player for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association.
On November 20, 1984, Wilson was shot twice during a confrontation with a student from a nearby high school.
He was drafted in the third round of the 1950 NBA Draft by the Capitols.
He also played for the Utah Jazz, Philadelphia 76ers, and Miami Heat.
Williamson was a dominating power forward in college, but became an undersized power forward in the NBA and mostly played at the small forward position.
In the United States, she played for the Phoenix Mercury in the Women's National Basketball Association.
Krešimir Ćosić was a Croatian professional basketball player and coach.
Isaiah Jamal Wilkerson is American professional basketball player who currently plays for Titánicos de León of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional.
He played for the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets between 1948 and 1951 while averaging 3.4 points per game for his career.
After sitting out for one season upon the transfer per NCAA rules, Hood became one of the most feared players in the Colonial Athletic Association.
West was named an assistant coach for the Villanova Wildcats, replacing Ed Pinckney on October 5, 2007.
Nathaniel "Nate" Thurmond was an American basketball player who spent the majority of his 14-year career in the National Basketball Association with the Golden State Warriors.
Andre Ingram is an American professional basketball player.
He averaged 10.5 points per game in his NBA career.
A 6'1" point guard from the University of Virginia, Crotty was undrafted, but did play in 11 NBA seasons from 1992 to 2003.
After graduation from Oklahoma A&M, McArthur was drafted by the Minneapolis Lakers in the 1951 NBA draft.
He was a member of the 2004 Puerto Rican national team that defeated the United States in the 2004 Olympic Games.
Hüseyin Öztürk is a former Turkish basketball player.
He played college basketball for the Wayne State University and Wofford College.
Keith Nelson is an American former basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career.
Williams can play small forward, shooting guard and point guard.
In college, he was the 2001 Mountain West Conference Player of the Year while playing for Brigham Young.
Lens Aboudou is a French basketball player who currently plays for JDA Dijon Basket of the LNB Pro A.
The Red Skins advanced to the NBA playoffs where they nearly eliminated the Western Division champion Indianapolis Olympians in a best-of-three series.
In August 1983 the Blazers traded him to the Detroit Pistons in exchange for a 1984 third-round draft pick.
After his sophomore season at IUPUI he transferred to the University of Indianapolis, where he played for two more seasons.
He scored 16 points in the 1956 national championship match against Iowa.
He was named to the all-tournament team and was also selected as the NAIA Tournament MVP.
He was part of the 1981 Toyota team that won the Open Conference championship over arch-rival Crispa Redmanizers, playing alongside fellow import Victor King.
The National Basketball League of Canada is a minor professional basketball league in Canada.
From 1976 to 1983 he played in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Seattle SuperSonics, Denver Nuggets, Chicago Bulls, and Cleveland Cavaliers.
Laura Herrera Boxo is a Spanish basketball player, who plays as center.
Gardner alleged that he was told "point-blank to lie," but when the time came to talk to NCAA investigators, he told the truth.
Barthelme was head basketball coach at the University of Baltimore from 1950 to 1954.
Jerome Franklin "Jerry" Shipp is a retired American basketball player.
He won an NBA Championship in the 1994–95 season with the Houston Rockets, for whom he played from 1994 to 1996.
He started at Lynn Vocational Technical High School after playing his freshman year at Lynn English High School.
He was selected with the 24th pick of the 2nd round in the 1990 NBA Draft by the Los Angeles Lakers.
Jiří Zídek, Jr., also known as George Zidek, is a Czech retired professional basketball player and sports commentator.
He was drafted ninth overall by the Charlotte Bobcats of in the 2008 NBA draft.
Marks was part of two Bronco teams to reach the NCAA Tournament in his 4 years at Boise State.
He retired in 1976 with career totals of 5,312 points and 2,532 rebounds.
Wise later played with the Virginia Squires.
Brian Ralph Quinnett is a retired American professional basketball player.
During her six-year career in the WNBA, she also played for the Indiana Fever and the Seattle Storm.
Thomas Sterner is an American basketball coach who was an assistant coach for the Toronto Raptors.
William Coleman is an American professional basketball player who last played for s.Oliver Baskets of the Basketball Bundesliga.
A 6-ft 11-inch center from the University of Missouri, Stipanovich was selected by the Indiana Pacers with the second pick of the 1983 NBA draft.
Parker played shooting guard in college but moved to point guard in the NBA.
Dhifallah averaged eight points per game for the Tunisians during the tournament including a team-leading 13 points in an opening loss to Cape Verde.
After his playing days were over, Garfinkel became a basketball coach and official.
He scored over 2,000 career points before enrolling at UMass as a freshman in 1991–92.
He was a 6'5" 190 lb guard born in Pontiac, Michigan.
Valančiūnas has also appeared in the documentary The Other Dream Team.
He is also known by the name Dušan Jelic Koutsopoulos.
Lemone Lampley is an American former basketball player and current Assistant Director of Athletic Development at his alma mater, DePaul University.
In 1948-49, he scored 336 points in 56 games for Sheboygan, which finished with a 35-29 record and advanced to the NBL playoffs.
Parker, known for his integrity, is the only sports agent with an official road named in his memorial.
Casey is also a former NCAA basketball player and coach, having played and coached there for over a decade before moving on to the NBA.
Dražen "Praja" Dalipagić is a Yugoslav-Serbian retired professional basketball player and head coach.
At 6 feet 9 inches and 240 pounds, he played the power forward position.
Muratcan Güler is a Turkish professional basketball player.
He sat out a year, then averaged 4.2 points and 2.5 rebounds per game for New Orleans as a junior in 1992-93.
Walter Wesley is an American former professional basketball player.
Ellis is the current business owner of Rock and Armor Physical Therapy and Sports Performance in Meridian, Idaho.
Branch was drafted into the NBA in the second round by the Chicago Bulls in 1985.
He was drafted seventh overall by Mobiline in 2001.
Among other leagues and franchises, McCarron played for the Toronto Huskies, Baltimore Bullets, and St. Louis Bombers in the BAA/NBA in the late 1940s.
He has great shooting abilities and can also play as a point guard.
Ivan Smiljanić is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Tamiš of the Basketball League of Serbia.
William Paul "Bill" Mlkvy is a retired American professional basketball player who spent his one-year career with the Philadelphia Warriors.
Sean Gregory May is an American former professional basketball player and current assistant coach at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.
In 1991, he was named one of FIBA's 50 Greatest Players.
A 6'4" forward from Arizona State University, Stovall played two seasons of professional basketball in the NBA and ABA.
Jaypee Belencion is a Filipino basketball player who last played for the Tanduay Light Rhum Masters in the PBA Developmental League.
Richard C. "Dick" Ives was an American basketball player for the University of Iowa from 1943–44 to 1946–47.
Molinas was convicted for his role in the scheme and sentenced to 10 to 15 years in prison, of which he served five years.
The next season, Williams captained the 12–4 team to a second straight MVC runner-up finish.
Reuben "Rube" Lautenschlager was an American professional basketball player.
He was selected by the Boston Celtics in the 5th round of the 1974 NBA Draft.
Albert "Al" Beard is a retired American basketball player.
For his Arizona career, Davison averaged 8.6 points and 6.5 rebounds per game and started 61 of 69 contests in his two seasons.
In seven games with the Knicks, Green averaged 4.4 points per game and 3.9 rebounds per game.
Hauptfuhrer transferred to Harvard for his final two years of college; while there, he played on the football, basketball, and track and field teams.
Buehler eventually retired and moved to South Palm Beach, Florida.
In 1989, against the University of Charleston, he set a single game record by draining 14 3-pointers and scoring 60 points in the Ohio victory.
He attended The Ohio State University, where the Buckeyes went to the NCAA Final Four 1999, and won the Men's Big Ten Basketball Championship in 2000.
He has also served as president of the National Basketball Players Association.
He  is 1.85 m in height and plays the guard position.
Tim Winn is an American former basketball player.
Kramer played for Linton High School in Schenectady and was a 1st team All American.
He retired in 2010 due to an injury to his right eye he had sustained in 2008.
Eugene D. Berce is a retired American basketball player.
Dekker attended Sheboygan Lutheran High School in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Kinidinnin Stephane Konate Sornan is a Côte d'Ivoirean basketball player currently playing for Côte d'Ivoire side Abidjan BC.
Joe Coleman is an American basketball player.
He played college basketball for Ranger College and Tarleton State University.
Kirk Williams, Jr. is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Niagara River Lions of the National Basketball League of Canada.
Kristjan Kitsing is an Estonian professional basketball player who currently plays for Bakken Bears of the Danish Basketball League in Denmark.
In his career at UConn, Brimah averaged 6.7 points and 4.5 rebounds.
He is younger brother of Željko Zagorac.
Not to be confused with Ralph Sampson, who played in the NBA from 1983 to 1992
He averaged 9.2 points and 8.3 rebounds per game in ten National Basketball Association seasons and played in the All-Star Game once.
She plays as a power forward for the French club Flammes Carolo.
Rojas played college basketball at Oklahoma Wesleyan University where he was the NAIA Division II Player of the Year as a senior in 2010–11.
During his two-year stint with the Celtics, the BAA merged with the National Basketball League to form the National Basketball Association.
He last played for the GlobalPort Batang Pier in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Harangody considered entering the 2009 NBA Draft, but withdrew his name to return to Notre Dame for his senior season.
He last played for the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association.
That season, the Buccaneers went 11–5 in Southern Conference play, tying them for first place in the North Division.
He later served as an assistant coach for the Washington Wizards from 2003–2009 and as the head coach of the Los Angeles D-Fenders in 2014–15.
Lauren Ervin is an American women's basketball player with Women's National Basketball Association.
For the 2013–14 NBL season, Ng returned to the 36ers, not as a player but as the club doctor.
Mark Sanchez is a former American-Mexican professional basketball player.
In his ABA career, Wittman scored 212 points.
He can play both small forward and power forward positions.
Reda Aleliūnaitė-Jankovska is a former Soviet and Lithuanian female professional basketball player.
In his career, Smith played the power forward position.
He is also the Spanish League's all-time leader in blocked shots.
In 203 career games, he averaged 9.7 points, 5.0 rebounds and 1.6 blocks in 22.3 minutes per game.
John Edward "Bags" Bagley is a former American basketball player in the National Basketball Association.
Dwayne Mitchell is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Jämtland Basket of the Swedish Basketball League.
Bruce Douglas is a retired American professional basketball player.
Wheat was selected 52nd overall in the 1997 NBA Draft by the Los Angeles Lakers but was cut in the preseason.
Ahmet Erdoğan is a Turkish professional basketball player.
Under Newell's tutelage, Washington's game rapidly improved and he became a starter for several teams.
While at USC, Rock earned varsity letters in 1942, 1943 and 1947.
Allen played 10 years in the NBA for four different teams.
His career began at the age of 18 by playing in the UAAP UE Red Warriors Together.
He is 6 ft 5 in tall and plays as a swingman.
He was on the faculty at Harvard Business School in the 1910s and 1920s and published extensively in the area of factory and industrial management.
Latrell Fontaine Sprewell is an American former professional basketball player; he played for the Golden State Warriors, the New York Knicks, and the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Jay Dennis Murphy is an American former professional basketball player.
Gentry was a former college basketball player, who has led four different National Basketball Association teams.
Hairston died at the age of 58 in Los Angeles from complications due to prostate cancer.
Crocker has garnered attention for wearing a long-sleeved shirt underneath his uniform.
Jason Gardner is an American retired professional basketball player and current coach of IUPUI.
Melville Glynn Downey was an American basketball player and coach.
Fans gave him the moniker "Hurricane" in the Philippine Basketball Association.
He later became an assistant for the Los Angeles D-Fenders of the NBA Development League.
At a height of 6'6", he was a guard-forward.
Brown played for several international basketball teams from 2007 to 2015.
Terry Gilbert Dischinger is a retired American basketball player in the National Basketball Association.
Marcus Hatten is an American professional basketball player who plays for Mitteldeutscher BC of the Basketball Bundesliga.
Jurica Golemac, is a retired Slovenian-Croatian professional basketball player and current assistant coach of Cibona Zagreb.
He was selected with the third overall pick by the Philadelphia 76ers.
McGinnis grew up in Manhattan, New York.
After his basketball career ended, he became an orthopedic surgeon.
Eugene "Gene" Short was an American professional basketball player.
He also represents Macedonia in the international competitions.
In 2017, Pachulia won his first NBA Championship as a member of the Warriors.
Battier won two NBA championships with the Miami Heat in 2012 and 2013.
Seymour still shares, with former teammate Red Rocha, the NBA record for most minutes in a playoff game with 67.
He has been associated with the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association for six decades as a player, coach and broadcaster.
Miralem Halilović is a Bosnian professional basketball player for Orléans Loiret Basket of the LNB Pro B.
Jacob L. "Jack" Molinas was an American professional basketball player and one of the key figures in the point shaving scandal that almost destroyed NCAA basketball.
Jorge Sanz Rodríguez, commonly known as Jorge Sanz, is a Spanish professional basketball player.
He is a 2.08 m tall center.
His grandfather Bruce Hale also played in the NBA and was Rick's college coach at Miami of Florida.
Andrew "Drew" Naymick is an American professional basketball player for the Stirling Senators of the State Basketball League.
Jewell Young was an American basketball player.
In 2009, he won the Polish Basketball Cup with Koszalin, and was named the competition's Most Valuable Player.
In his NBA career, Harris averaged 6.8 points and 6.9 rebounds per game.
Jason L. Lawson is an American former professional basketball player.
Born in Middletown, Orange County, New York, Bonneau played high school basketball for Middletown.
Benson served in World War I and returned to his alma mater to coach Columbia for one season.
He plays for point guard and shooting guard positions for Basic-Fit Brussels of the Belgian Basketball League.
Playing point guard, he was named to the NBA All-Rookie Second Team.
Stephen Ogooluwa "Ogo" Adegboye is a Nigerian-British professional basketball player for Fulgor Libertas Forlì of the Serie A2.
Valentijn Lietmeijer is a Dutch professional basketball player for New Heroes Den Bosch in the Dutch Basketball League.
In April 2017, his retirement was announced.
Antero Lehto is a Finnish basketball player.
Robinson has experience playing with Seminole State College of Florida and Clayton State University at the college level.
In 2003, he became Director of Player Personnel for the Orlando Magic, and was promoted to assistant general manager in 2005.
He averaged 8.6 and 9.9 rebounds in his career.
From 1998 to 2008, he served as an assistant basketball coach at his alma mater, Duke.
During his career, he was a ten-time All-Star, and named one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History.
Riffey was selected in the second round of the 1950 NBA Draft by the Fort Wayne Pistons after a collegiate career at Tulane.
He played collegiately at the University of Arizona, and professionally for the Toronto Raptors, Portland Trail Blazers, Memphis Grizzlies and San Antonio Spurs.
Stojaković won an NBA Championship in 2011 as a member of the Dallas Mavericks.
Standing at 6 ft 5 in, he plays at the shooting guard position.
Bernardo Álvarez Merino was a Spanish basketball player until 2010.
Tucker played five seasons at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and wore the number 42.
Mirko Proroković is a retired Montenegrin professional basketball player and current head coach of KK Lovćen.
Following his college career, Craven played for the Dallas Mavericks summer league team before continuing his career overseas.
He played college basketball at the Michigan State University.
At a height of 2.01 m tall, he played mainly at the power forward position, but he could also play as a small forward, if needed.
After redshirting what would have been his sophomore year, he was a three-year starter for the Broncos, leading the team in scoring all three years.
Ralph played college basketball at Santa Clara, and for two seasons he played alongside his older brother, Bud.
This was the last time the Belgium national team managed to qualify for the finals of a major international tournament.
In 2005, he played for the Yakama Sun Kings of the CBA.
In 2003–04 he parlayed his experience on the court to help the basketball club in Strasbourg, France.
He later coached Seattle University from 1948 to 1956, leading the Chieftains to 4 NCAA Appearances and 1 NIT appearance.
In the NBA Conner was a "combo guard," playing both the shooting guard and point guard positions.
He stands 6 ft 4 in and weighs 209 pounds.
He transferred to UCLA, where he was a starter in his third and final season.
He remained in that role until 2013.
He also represents the Belgian national basketball team.
Nathaniel "Sweetwater" Clifton was an American multi-sport athlete best known as one of the first African Americans to play in the National Basketball Association.
He is currently under contract with Strumica.
He previously played for numerous teams in the Philippine Basketball Association, the most recent being Red Bull Barako.
On February 9, 2014, after the Pistons fired head coach Maurice Cheeks, Loyer was named interim head coach.
She's been an assistant coach on the Florida State women’s basketball staff since June 2011.
Nicknamed "Cornbread", he played 11 seasons in the National Basketball Association, and played a key role in two championships with the Boston Celtics.
A 6 ft 9 in tall power forward-center, Simmons was selected by the New Orleans Hornets, in the first round of the 2006 NBA Draft.
Ricketts was also signed as an amateur free agent pitcher by the St. Louis Cardinals in 1955.
He spent six years on the Northwestern University Wildcats, missing the first two due to a foot injury.
Stephany Eliza Pierrette Skrba, or shortly Stephany Skrba, is a Canadian female professional basketball player of Serbian descent.
He was an NBA assistant with the New Orleans Hornets and Cleveland Cavaliers from 2001 to 2004, and an ABA head coach from 2004-2005.
He is a 1.94 m tall shooting guard.
He played college basketball at the University of Arizona from 1983 to 1985.
Rudy Gobert-Bourgarel is a French professional basketball player for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association.
Andrew John Seigle is a Filipino-American retired professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association.
He played college basketball at Saint Mary's College of California.
Murray was selected in the fourth round of the 1950 NBA Draft by the Chicago Stags after a collegiate career at St. Bonaventure.
Andrija Stipanović is a Bosnian Croat professional basketball player for Büyükçekmece Basketbol of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Jon Alan Barry is an American former basketball player and current television analyst for ABC and ESPN.
Over the next four years, VanderKuy became one of the leading scorers in the history of the Michigan basketball program.
She currently plays for Beşiktaş İstanbul in Turkey.
James W. "Jim" Caldwell is a retired American basketball player.
From 1948 to 1953 Lumpp played professionally for the NBA's New York Knicks, Indianapolis Jets, and Baltimore Bullets.
He was drafted with the fourth pick in the third round of the 1970 NBA Draft.
Derwin "Tank" Collins is a retired American professional basketball player.
He was drafted 5th overall by Alaska in the 2014 PBA draft.
Marko Čakarević is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Dynamic Belgrade of the KLS.
Alberto de Carvalho, nicknamed Ginguba, is an Angolan-Portuguese coach.
Piotrowski split the 1984–85 season between two teams in the Continental Basketball Association, the Louisville Catbirds and the Bay State Bombardiers.
He played college basketball for the California Golden Bears.
He played 313 games for the Blazers, starting 235 times.
He was not selected in the 2014 NBA draft prior to his international career.
In an April 2010 interview, Hall of Fame player John Havlicek said that "the best ball-handler of all time was Pete Maravich".
Mpenas has spent his entire career in the Greek leagues.
During the 2010–2011 season, usual Cavs radio voice Joe Tait missed much of the season as he recovered from surgery/illness.
Joshua Patrick Gasser is an American basketball player with Löwen Braunschweig of Germany's Basketball Bundesliga.
NBA coach Pat Riley and players Isiah Thomas and Julius Erving have called him the greatest basketball player of all time.
Branden Dawson is an American professional basketball player for Hapoel Tel Aviv of the Ligat HaAl.
He was a 2014–15 All-Big East First-team selection as a junior.
Klara Wischer is an Australian professional basketball player for the Joondalup Wolves of the State Basketball League.
He was an All-American college player at Iowa State University.
Born in Rock Island, Illinois, Randle played high school basketball for Rock Island.
In April 2014, he began his coaching job at Sandusky High School.
He holds the Summit League records for career and single-season assists per game.
Garfield "Gar" Heard is an American retired professional basketball player and coach.
Rashad Jamal Jones-Jennings is an American professional basketball player.
He still holds many records for his rebounding, blocked shots and scoring.
She played 170 times for Turkey national women's basketball team.
Previously he competed for the junior national team at the 1999 FIBA World Championship for Junior Men and 2001 FIBA World Championship for Young Men.
In the WNBA she played for three teams: the Phoenix Mercury, Miami Sol and Minnesota Lynx.
He was eligible for the 2005 NBA Draft but was not drafted.
He later organized the Vitalis Olympic Invitational indoor meet held at the Meadowlands.
Loree Marlowe Moore is a professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Sparks in the WNBA.
He played college basketball for Tulsa from 1999 till 2003.
Rule's game grew stronger during the next two seasons.
Russ Schoene is a retired American professional basketball player and former assistant men's basketball coach at the University of Washington.
The power forward played college basketball for two seasons at the University of Texas.
At a height of 2.02 m, he played at the small forward position.
He played in 10 games for the Giants before departing the club mid-season to return to the United States for an NBA tryout.
Boštjan "Boki" Nachbar is a Slovenian professional basketball player who plays for Real Betis Energía Plus of the Liga ACB.
Athanasios "Thanasis" Skourtopoulos is a Greek professional basketball coach and a former professional basketball player.
He has played professionally in Venezuela, Mexico,Romania, Sweden, and the Philippines.
Coty Clarke is an American professional basketball player for Capitanes de Arecibo of the Baloncesto Superior Nacional.
Free is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association from 1975–1988.
Nathan Herbert is an Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Geelong Supercats of the South East Australian Basketball League.
Khadijah Rushdan is a professional basketball player who played in the 2012 WNBA preseason.
He played college basketball for the UCLA Bruins, and was named an all-conference player in the Pac-12 in 2012.
Oppong ultimately chose to play for Eastern Kentucky under head coach Jeff Neubauer.
Robert "Bobby" Phillips is an American former professional basketball player.
In 2012, Awtrey moved to Manzanita, Oregon, where he now operates a bed-and-breakfast.
In 1952, Houbregs was a Second Team Consensus All-America selection.
He also played with Kinder Bologna, Teamsystem Bologna and Scavolini in the Italian league, and also in Greece for AEK.
He played college basketball for the Auburn Tigers from 2005 to 2008.
Tunçluer was member of the national team at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain, which won the gold medal.
She is the first ever high school NIKE/WBCA All-American to sign with the Gators.
Slavica Pečikoza is a Yugoslav and Serbian former female professional basketball player.
Born in Litchfield, Connecticut, Aleksinas played at Wamogo High School where he was the first 1,000 point scorer in the school's history.
He won several prep honors, including being selected as Florida's Mr. Basketball.
He had an unorthodox behind the head release that made his shot difficult to block.
He also competed multiple times for the Turkish national team during the 1990s.
He later served as director of the Salesian Boys and Girls Club in San Francisco.
He is a 1.82 m tall point guard .
Hendix played professionally in Greece, France, Italy, South Korea, the Philippines, New Zealand, Australia and Lebanon.
He graduated as ASU's all-time leading scorer with 2,185 points.
A native of Chicago, Illinois, Hapac was an all-state player for J.
He died of a heart attack in 2004.
Frank Arnold Harrigan was an American basketball player.
He eventually played baseball in the Kansas–Oklahoma–Missouri League with the Bartlesville Oilers before quitting professional sports.
Devin Searcy is an American professional basketball player for SC Rasta Vechta.
Paul Theron Silas is an American retired professional basketball player and former NBA head coach.
After a successful four years at the University of Houston, Nixon entered the 2011 NBA draft but was not selected in the draft's two rounds.
Mark Angelo C. Canlas is a Filipino former professional basketball player.
He played college basketball for two years at Wichita State.
Jack "Goose" Givens is a retired American collegiate and professional basketball player.
As of the 2013–14 season he serves as an assistant coach at his alma mater.
Cleophus "Cleo" Littleton is a former American college basketball player who played for Wichita State University, then known as The Municipal University of Wichita.
Williams attended Manual High School in Peoria, Illinois, where he was a member of one of the most heralded teams in the nation.
Prior to coaching in the BAA, he had spent time coaching the Detroit Gems before they entered the National Basketball League.
The Timberwolves waived him on March 16, 2006.
While playing college basketball for the Utah State University Aggies, he was best known for his scoring prowess, shooting ability, shooting range, and endurance.
He is regarded as one of the best freshman college basketball players of the 2000s.
He played for the Denver Nuggets in 1949–50 before ending his NBA career after one season.
He was named to the All-Big 12 Third Team in 2006 after averaging 19.7 points per game in 28 games.
Travis Marquez Outlaw is an American professional basketball player who is currently a free agent.
Yotam Halperin is an Israeli professional basketball player for Hapoel Jerusalem of the Israeli Basketball Super League.
Justin Ray "J. R." Giddens is an American professional basketball player.
Joe Jakubick is a retired American basketball player and current high school basketball coach.
Lantz has won numerous awards for his work along the way.
Otis Lee Birdsong is an American former professional basketball player.
In his senior season at Oklahoma State University, Harris was selected to the NCAA AP All-American second team.
He is currently a color commentator for the Memphis Grizzlies on Fox Sports Tennessee.
Van Arsdale, a three-time All-Star, was consistently over his career one of the best free throw shooters in the NBA.
He was the head coach of German national basketball team from 1997 to 2004, winning the bronze medal at the 2002 FIBA World Championship.
Laurel scored 24 points in ten games.
She was drafted in 2008 out of Texas A&M, where she played from 2004–08.
Kalinoski was a McDonald’s All-American nominee as a senior at Olathe East High School in Kansas and completed his college career for the Davidson Wildcats.
He competed with the German national basketball team at the 2010 FIBA World Championship.
In that senior year of 1950–51, McArthur averaged 11.6 points per game and led the Aggies to a 29-6 record.
Topias Palmi is a Finnish basketball player.
Born in Compostela, he transferred with his parents to Pinamungajan at an early age, where he spent most of his younger and teen years.
Mager, a 6 ft 5 in forward from Lafayette High School in Brooklyn, was a senior during the 1949–50 season.
To the present day, the MOP for the 1971 Final Four is listed as "*Vacated".
He is also a former PBL MVP.
He played in 27 games in the NBA for the Warriors.
Predrag Samardžiski is a Macedonian professional basketball player for Mega Leks of the ABA League and the Basketball League of Serbia.
Farmer initially contested the charges, but later agreed to a plea bargain.
He played 15 seasons in the PBA.
He serves as the panelist on UAAP coverage in ABS-CBN Sports occasionally.
A four-year starter, he led them to Ivy League titles in each of his last three seasons - all with a perfect 14-0 conference mark.
At a height of 6'5" tall, he mainly played as a swingman.
Davis entered the 2013 NBA draft but was not selected in the draft's two rounds.
He has the 2nd highest 3 point field goal percentage in NCAA Division I history.
He played in the National Basketball League for four seasons following an All-American college career at the University of Toledo.
"Andy" O'Donnell is an American former professional basketball player.
He played for the Detroit Pistons from 1985 until 1999.
Fatoumata Koné is a Ivorian female professional basketball player.
Idongesit William Ibok is a Nigerian professional basketball player, formally a center with the Michigan State University Spartans in the United States.
In three seasons with the Nets, Armstrong averaged 2.2 points per game.
She is married to former Serbian footballer Ivan Tomić.
He was selected by the Baltimore Bullets in the 15th round of the 1966 NBA draft.
Justin Sears is an American basketball player for the MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg in Germany.
He was a history teacher at Parkland High School in Allentown, Pennsylvania, where he retired in 2009.
On April 4, 2011, Sabonis was named to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, and he was inducted on August 12, 2011.
Kaftan is now a member of the New England Basketball Hall of Fame and the Holy Cross Varsity Club Hall of Fame.
Vitaly Valeryevich Fridzon is a Russian professional basketball player who currently plays for CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League.
A college All-American, he was a first round NBA draft pick, and both an Olympic and Pan-Am Games gold-medalist.
The Legends went on to win the 2010 IBL Championship.
He last appeared in the NBA with the Detroit Pistons in 1994, after a three-year absence from the league.
He is also head coach of Latvia women's national basketball team.
He had crashed head-on into a truck after losing control of his car on the road's icy surface.
Thomas "Tommy" Mason-Griffin is an American professional basketball player who last played for Donar Groningen of the Dutch Basketball League.
Ron Radliff is a former professional basketball player who played in the Australian National Basketball League between 1983 and 1992.
Born in Rochester, New York, Dukes played high school basketball at Seton Hall Preparatory School, and attended Seton Hall University.
One of the most versatile players of his generation, he is considered one of the greatest international players of all time.
She has joined a Women's National Basketball League team for the 2005/2006 season when she played for the Perth Lynx.
He was also named to the All-Western Regional team in the tournament.
She played professionally for the Washington Mystics and the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA.
She played on the Notre Dame Fighting Irish women's basketball team.
He is currently the head coach of Hapoel Jerusalem of the Israeli Basketball Premier League and EuroCup.
Leilani Seamah Mitchell is an American-Australian professional basketball player for the Phoenix Mercury of the Women's National Basketball Association.
He had the highest measured vertical leap of all the camp participants, was the leading scorer in the tournament and also won the Slam Dunk Contest.
Anya represented the United States youth team at the 2012 FIBA Under-17 World Championship, winning the gold medal.
Quick played four seasons in the NBA from 1968–69 to 1971–72 with the Bullets and Detroit Pistons.
He has represented the Jamaican national team in international competition being eligible because of his dual U.S. and Jamaican citizenship.
After helping his high school team win two championships, Booker went to junior college at Long Beach City College.
He can play at both the small forward and power forward positions, with power forward being his main position.
He set a then-single season league record with 144 points scored.
Paul Elderkin was a professional basketball player for Durham Wildcats.
Berk İbrahim Uğurlu is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays for Pınar Karşıyaka of the Turkish Basketball Super League, on loan from Fenerbahçe.
Dino Rađa, is a retired Croatian professional basketball player.
He was born in the village of Natakhtari, in the then Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic on April 2, 1989.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Croatia women's national basketball team in the women's event.
On December 28, 2009, he returned to Belgium to sign with the Antwerp Giants.
Monica Ashante Wright is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Perth Lynx of the Women's National Basketball League.
In 2004, Branch was honored at the ACC Tournament as an "ACC Legend."
Jack Edward Nichols was an American professional basketball player.
He had a brief stint with the Detroit Pistons during the 2001–02 season.
He played in 1278 out of 1281 games in his career, with the three he missed coming in his second season, 1986–87.
Jennifer Hamson is an American professional basketball player who plays for the Indiana Fever in the WNBA.
He also holds Serbian citizenship as of 2014.
George Lawrence Senesky was an American professional basketball player and coach.
He was drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers in the 3rd round of the 1975 NBA draft.
Edward Lewis Pinckney is a retired American basketball player currently working as an assistant coach for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association.
He can play as either a center or a power forward.
He had a wife, Sara Aponte, and four children.
Quanitra Hollingsworth is an American-Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays for the Yakın Doğu Üniversitesi of the TKBL.
He was also a First Team All-American in 1950.
Nedžad Sinanović is a Bosnian professional basketball player who last played for Petrochimi Bandar Imam of the Iranian Super League.
He has played professionally in both Taiwan and mainland China.
He was the head men's basketball coach at Loyola Marymount University from 2008 to 2009, resigning due to medical reasons.
He graduated from Cal State Northridge in 1999 and played 13 years as a professional in Europe, South America, Iran, Australia and New Zealand.
Sergio McClain is a former professional basketball player and NJCAA coach.
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, he attended University of Louisiana at Lafayette.
In high school, he was one of the most highly decorated basketball players in the United States.
Charles Lee, is an American former professional basketball player and current assistant coach for the Atlanta Hawks of the NBA.
Andre Tyler Iguodala is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association.
A 6'1" guard from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, Winkler played one season in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Milwaukee Bucks.
He was previously a star in college for North Carolina State, leading the Wolfpack to its first NCAA championship in 1974.
It enters in Top-10 of the best snipers.
Wesley John "Wes" Bialosuknia was an American basketball player.
(2014)...He is a former head basketball coach of the University of Utah Utes.
He played college basketball at the University of Michigan.
Davies entered Seton Hall in 1938 on a baseball scholarship, but Russell persuaded him to concentrate on basketball after seeing him practice once.
At 6 ft 2.75 in in height, Angelou played at the point guard position.
In his NBA career, Rowsom played in 82 games and scored a total of 457 points.
Jonas Lalehzadeh is an Iranian professional basketball player playing for Petrochimi Mahshahr in the Iran Super League.
She averaged 5.6 points as freshman and 7.5 points as sophomore.
Gergana Slavcheva, married Simeonov is a former Bulgarian female basketball player.
After Retherford's graduation, Whitehead became the focal point of the Nebraska offense for 1949–50.
After Rasheed Sulaimon was dismissed, Jones was moved into the starting lineup.
Timothy Duane Hardaway Jr. is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association.
Brandon Penn is an American professional basketball player who plays for Jolly Jadranska Banka of the Croatian A-1 Liga.
Michael Charles Phillips was an American professional basketball player.
He won the NBA Most Improved Player Award for the 2009–10 season.
In her playing career, Donovan won a national championship with Old Dominion University, won two Olympic gold medals, and went to three Final Fours overall.
He was selected 9th overall during the 2008 PBA draft by the San Miguel Beermen.
Ainars Zvirgzdiņš is a Latvian basketball coach, mostly known with the Latvia women's national basketball team.
Speight died on March 1, 2007, after losing his fight with cancer.
His last professional team was Utena Juventus in Lithuania as he left professional sport on spring of 2010 at the age of 36.
Following his standout collegiate career, Roth was selected in the fourth round of the 1985 NBA draft by the San Antonio Spurs.
LaMonte Ulmer is an American professional basketball player.
Jamal Abu-Shamala is a Palestinian American basketball player who formerly played college basketball for the Minnesota Golden Gophers.
In 1984, Tilleman again had the highest points per minute of any Canadian player.
He was also placed under probation for eighteen months and ordered to perform community service.
He was named first team AP All-State.
He also won the FIBA Saporta Cup with Partenope Napoli.
The result was a mediocre 14-16 record, with lots of memorable wins, as well as many memorable losses.
Çetingöz became paralyzed at his right leg as a result of polio he contracted when he was four years of age.
He is also member of the Moroccan national basketball team.
He attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 2005 and played college basketball for Washington State University.
Phillip Criszam Jabar Paniamogan, popularly known as Philip Paniamogan, is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Kia Picanto of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Specializing in long range shooting, Vinson led the Yellow Jackets in three-point field goals and three point percentage.
Born in Nansemond County, Virginia Strothers played college basketball for Christopher Newport.
Barış Hersek is a Turkish professional basketball player for Fenerbahçe of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Following the end of his college career, Winters went undrafted in the 2006 NBA draft.
Smylie went undrafted in the 2000 NBA Draft.
Kristen Cherie Mann is an American professional basketball player in the WNBA.
Justin Williams is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Ciclista Olímpico of the Argentinean pro league Liga Nacional de Básquet.
In 2012, the three-time All-American was named the AP Player of the Year and the Most Outstanding Player of the Final Four.
In 30 games with the Lynx, Stansbury averaged 4.3 points and 4.3 rebounds per game.
He has been a member of the Swiss national basketball team and participated at the 2015 EuroBasket qualification.
Milan Janjušević is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Gradjanski of the Bosnian League.
He initially played for the University of Kansas but transferred following his sophomore season.
He played for the Chicago Zephyrs in the National Basketball Association for three games during 1962–63 after a collegiate career at Northwestern University.
In 1993, he was voted the league's Most Valuable Player and during the NBA's 50th anniversary, named one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History.
Jones then transferred to the University of San Francisco for his senior season.
Olivier Hanlan is a Canadian professional basketball player for Le Mans Sarthe Basket of the LNB Pro A.
He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers and played for the Cleveland Cavaliers during their inaugural 1970-71 season.
He was waived by the Warriors in March 1993 and went on to sign with Milwaukee.
In 2009, after a bad season, he was replaced in Real Madrid, by CSKA Moscows successful coach, Ettore Messina.
Tuğberk Gedikli is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for Uşak Sportif of the Turkish Basketball League.
He spent a season with the Energy providing boost off the bench after being traded again back to his former team.
After signing for Zadar and spending the 2015–16 season, in August 2016 he moved to Cibona.
Badger's teams won 25 or more games ever year he coached.
After completing his college eligibility, Parks was drafted by the Indianapolis Olympians in the 1949 BAA Draft.
Norman Clifford "Norm" Mager was an American basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association for the Baltimore Bullets during the 1950–51 NBA season.
Seiden averaged 20.4 and 21.9 points per game as a junior and senior and ended his Redmen career with 1,374 points.
Charis Papageorgiou is a Greek retired professional basketball player.
Ernest DiGregorio, known as "Ernie D.", is an American former National Basketball Association player.
USF had been on NCAA probation twice in recent years, and LoSchiavo called the revelation about Dailey's no-show job "the last straw."
Williams was killed the age of 40 in an auto collision with a transport truck near Excelsior Springs, Missouri.
Three years later he was promoted as head coach.
Michael Benoît Mokongo is a Central African-French professional basketball player who last played for AS Monaco Basket of the LNB Pro B in France.
Mohammad Jamshidi Jafarabadi is an Iranian professional basketball player who last played for the Meralco Bolts in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Rottner then moved to the Basketball Association of America to play for the Chicago Stags for two seasons.
During his playing career, he played both shooting guard and small forward positions.
In the 2006-2007 season Owens played for the Cairns Taipans in Cairns, Australia.
Williams played collegiately for LSU, and was drafted into the National Basketball Association by the Washington Bullets in 1986 with the 12th overall pick.
He played college basketball at DePaul University.
Turner said the case was eventually dismissed in 2005.
His best year statistically was his rookie season, when he averaged 9.9 points.
After his professional career ended, Hankins became a basketball and football coach at Sand Springs High School.
Skal Labissière is a Haitian professional basketball player for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association.
He entered the 2014 NBA draft but he was not selected in the draft's two rounds.
Walton was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on May 10, 1993 and the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame that same year.
In 2002, Burleson was named to the ACC 50th Anniversary men's basketball team honoring the fifty greatest players in Atlantic Coast Conference history.
With the final seconds ticking away, Kansas went to Wilt Chamberlain under the basket for an assumed easy lay-in.
Johannes Herber Germany) is a former German basketball player.
Jan Bobrovský is a former Czechoslovak basketball player, coach and sports official.
In 2016, Dubljević signed with the Los Angeles Sparks.
His moniker is The Destroyer because of his rugged and intense brand of play.
In August 2010, Grayer left the program and returned to his home state of Michigan.
Ryan continued with the Bullets for a further two seasons, included a stellar season in 2002/2003 where he averaged 18.62 ppg [1].
Steven Michael Novak is an American professional basketball player who was last seen playing pickup basketball at his local YMCA.
Duane Causwell is an American retired professional basketball player who was selected by the Sacramento Kings with the 18th overall pick of the 1990 NBA draft.
He last played for Mighty Sports of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
He is also a member of the Mali national basketball team.
Kevin Andrew Jones is an American professional basketball for Lokomotiv Kuban of the VTB United League.
He is currently playing for the Turkish Basketball League team Torku Selçuk Üniversitesi.
He was the former head basketball coach of the University of Rhode Island, where he coached the Rams from 1999 to 2001.
Williams is known for wearing his socks to his knees, he wore them high in honor of boyhood idol George Gervin.
He was the first player to be raised in France and play in the NBA.
Roger Franklin is a professional basketball player who was born in Duncanville, Texas.
Standing at 2.06 m, he plays at the position of forward-center.
Portman attended Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska, and played for three seasons.
Michael Stinnett, a coach, commented on him, "He is a versatile small forward who can do a little bit of it all."
In 2005, he signed with Union Athletic of Uruguay but left before appearing in a game for them.
He is a current member of the Dutch national basketball team.
He was the father of former NBA player and current college coach Danny Manning.
From 2005-2009, he played in the PBL.
He played in high school at Curie High School in Chicago where he won Naismith and Mr. Basketball USA recognition as national player of the year.
As a college player, he is the all-time scoring leader of both the Pac-12 Conference and UCLA.
Matthew Dellavedova is an Australian professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association.
In his sophomore season, Foley averaged 24.6 points per game, followed by 26.9 ppg and 33.3 ppg during his junior and senior seasons, respectively.
He also coached at the University of Tampa for eight years.
He was also executive vice president and general counsel of Columbia Savings and Loan from 1988–91 and was briefly its CEO.
Adam Parada is an American-born Mexican professional basketball player who played as an import in the Philippine Basketball Association for the Alaska Aces.
In 1951, Boryla scored nine points in the inaugural NBA All-Star Game and played in the NBA Finals in 1951 and 1953.
Kęstutis Šeštokas is a Lithuanian professional basketball player, who plays at the power forward position.
He also managed several seasons in the Sox organization.
He played college basketball for the Boise State Broncos.
Artūrs Strēlnieks is a Latvian professional basketball player, who plays the shooting guard position.
He joined the Spurs in 2000 as a scout and was promoted to director of scouting in September 2002.
Kenneth "Ken" Wilburn is an American former professional basketball player.
He led the Wildcats in scoring as a senior and netted second team All-Big East honors.
Harold George Lee was an American college basketball player who played for the University of Washington during the 1930s.
Overall in 2003-04, Williams played in 68 games, starting 44 of them, averaging 6.2 points and 7.0 rebounds per game.
He can play both point guard and shooting guard.
After finishing his playing career, Čermak had coaching stints in Algeria, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, and Jordan among other places.
After a one-year stint with the Coca-Cola Tigers in the 2009-2010 season, he was traded to Sta.
Since 2013, he has coached Switzerland's national basketball team, which he led to a surprise victory over Russia at the 2015 EuroBasket qualification.
Kristof Ongenaet is a forward from Ghent, Belgium who is a former player for the Syracuse Orange.
With the season going, he signed for Benfica becoming a starter and a very important player for the team.
He also briefly played in the Metropolitan Basketball Association.
Steven Absher Hamilton was a Major League Baseball and National Basketball Association player.
Brett Winkelman holds the NDSU all-time rebound record and sits second to teammate Ben Woodside on the NDSU all-time scoring record list.
Donnis "Donnie" Butcher was an American basketball player and coach.
Filip Dylewicz is a Polish professional basketball player who plays for Trefl Sopot of the Polish League.
Mitchel Berrenstein is a Dutch former professional basketball player who last played for the Dutch Basketball League club ABC Amsterdam during the 2006-2007 season.
He is currently playing for Beşiktaş of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
On November 1, 2012, Cusworth signed with the Maine Red Claws.
Together, they redeveloped an old mill, which is now a 700-person music venue, called the Haw River Ballroom.
He competed for Angola at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
His college coaching career began as a graduate assistant at Saint Louis University under the late Rick Majerus during the 2008–09 season.
MarShon Scitif Brooks is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Jiangsu Dragons of the Chinese Basketball Association.
Charles Wade Barkley is an American retired professional basketball player and current analyst on the television program Inside the NBA.
He is 6 ft 4¾ in tall and weighs 190 lb.
Halimon, a 6'5" swingman from Tampa, Florida, played college basketball at Imperial Valley Community College and Utah State University.
In 421 career games from 1961 to 1972 he had a 40–31 record with 42 saves and a 3.05 earned run average.
He was then selected by the Baltimore Bullets in the 1948 BAA Draft.
Gordon began his college career at UCLA, then transferred during his sophomore year to the University of New Mexico.
Sydmill Harris is a former Dutch professional basketball player who played for Dutch Basketball League clubs Matrixx Magixx and Bergen op Zoom during the 2005-2007 seasons.
He was one of the top-rated high school basketball players in the class of 2011.
She is the sister of NBA player Ime Udoka.
Prior to his campaign in Bulgaria he played in Israel, England, France and the Dominican Republic.
Madeleine Garrick is an Australian basketball player who has competed for Australian Institute of Sport in the Women's National Basketball League.
He was selected to the 1982 and 1983 State Farm Holiday Classic all-tournament teams.
Nemanja Radović is a Montenegrin professional basketball player for UCAM Murcia of the Liga ACB.
A 6'9", 255 lb forward-center from Baylor University, Skinner was selected by the Los Angeles Clippers in the first round of the 1998 NBA Draft.
A highly ranked college recruit, he played college basketball for the UCLA Bruins.
Ronald Eugene Mercer is an American former professional basketball player.
Martyn Bernard "Moochie" Norris is an American former professional basketball player who played several seasons in the National Basketball Association, as well as other leagues.
While playing for Penguins, Šulskis scored more than 1,000 career points and starred in 120 consecutive games.
Drake Richard Diener is an American professional basketball player for Vanoli Cremona of the Serie A2 Basket.
Melvin Harrison "Mel" Turpin was an American professional basketball player.
He played college basketball for the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay.
Wilbur Wright College, formerly known as Wright Junior College, is a public community college in Chicago.
For the 2016-2017 season, Donald Sims signed in Argentina for playing in Regatas from Corrientes.
He is also known for his ability to jump from the free throw line and dunk a basketball with both hands.
Standing at 1.93 m he plays at the point guard and shooting guard positions.
Anthony Gillespie Miles is an American professional basketball player.
Coach Cholo stayed on with the team as Assistant Coach and Team Manager until the team was bought by NLEX Road Warriors in July 2014.
He spent his professional career playing in Italy from 1981 to 1987 after graduating college from the University of South Carolina in 1981.
Following the close of his college career, Minson was drafted by the New York Knicks in the second round of the 1951 NBA draft.
He also played briefly with the Milwaukee Bucks.
Bryan C. Faundo is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Meralco Bolts of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Kelly Berry Nabong is a Filipino-American basketball player who plays for the Meralco Bolts of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Yakhouba Diawara is a French professional basketball player for Juvecaserta Basket of the Italian Serie A.
On June 25, 2012, Bucknell announced that Lee is returning to his alma mater as an assistant men's basketball coach.
As a collegian, Lucas led the Ohio State Buckeyes to the 1960 college national championship and three straight NCAA finals.
In two seasons in the league, both with the Celtics, Ehlers averaged 8.1 points per game.
He played college basketball for Louisville and UTEP.
Duncan graduated from college before entering the 1997 NBA draft as the number one pick.
Ed Badger is a former college and professional basketball coach.
Pele Paelay is the greatest basketball player of all time.
Blaney, while filling in for Jim Calhoun, made history at UConn on January 23, 2010 when UConn defeated the No.
Seiden died on May 3, 2008 of complications from stroke.
Welsch has played in the National Basketball Association in the United States, having been drafted in 2002 by the Philadelphia 76ers.
He is a 1.96 m tall swingman, that could also play as a point guard.
Akeem Watson Jr. is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association.
Raven Barber is an American professional basketball player who plays for Portuguese team Benfica of the Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol.
Mindaugas Girdžiūnas is a Lithuanian professional basketball player currently playing for Neptūnas in Lithuanian Basketball League and Baltic Basketball League.
He is the great-nephew of 1930s African-American track and field star, Jesse Owens, who won four gold medals at the 1936 Berlin Olympics.
Denis Krestinin is a Lithuanian basketball player, currently playing for BK Barons.
Dennis DuVal, nicknamed "Sweet D" is a former National Basketball Association player.
Michael Kingma is an Australian-Dutch former professional basketball player.
Malik Jabari Rose is an American former professional basketball player, former broadcaster for the Philadelphia 76ers and current manager of basketball operations for the Atlanta Hawks.
In baseball, Brown held a career batting average of .340 and once hit three home runs in one game.
Paul James Crosby is an American basketball player.
Jeanette Pohlen-Mavunga is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Fever.
After the completion of his college career, Gardner was selected in the first round of the 1949 BAA draft by the Philadelphia Warriors.
Quianna Nehma Chaney is an American professional basketball player who played for Botaş SK at the Turkish Women's Basketball League.
Cameron David Bairstow is an Australian professional basketball player for the Brisbane Bullets of the National Basketball League.
Erek Hansen is an American professional basketball player currently playing for Kolejlíler.
He currently resides in Colorado as a community ambassador for the Denver Nuggets.
He currently plays for the CSM Constantine Sports Club of the Algerian Basketball Championship.
He also averaged 22 points and nearly eight rebounds per game as a junior.
After his retirement as a player, Towe returned to NC State and became an assistant under his former college coach, Norm Sloan, for the 1979-80 season.
Jervaughn Scales is an American-Argentinian basketball player.
He also played for the Philippine Patriots in the ASEAN Basketball League and led the team as the inaugural champion of the 2009-10 ABL season.
He played fours years of college basketball for Ohio where he averaged 19.7 points, 5.5 rebounds and 2.6 assists in 110 career games.
He is a member of the Macedonian national basketball team.
Christian P. Coronel is a Filipino former professional basketball player.
Listed at 7 ft 0 in by his own admission), Olajuwon is considered one of the greatest centers ever to play the game.
Then it ended again, and we won again."
Gregory Devon "Greg" Lewis is an American professional basketball player.
Sheffield, a 6'2 forward and center, played for Utah and, as a sophomore, was a member of the Utes' 1944 national championship team.
Barea Mora is a Puerto Rican professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association.
Nicknamed "The Kangaroo", he had his finest season in 1971–1972, when he averaged 13.8 points and 11.3 rebounds for Seattle.
He played in the National Basketball Association for the Minneapolis Lakers during the 1955–56 season and part of the 1956–57 season.
He was named All-Ivy League in 1966 and 1968.
Upon being laid off, he returned to college, attending Moberly Area Community College on a basketball scholarship.
He played college basketball for the North Dakota State Bison.
Marija Veger Demšar is a Serbian and Yugoslavian former female basketball player.
He also competes at the international level with the Senegal national basketball team.
After graduating from De La Salle Collegiate High School in Warren, Michigan in 1988, Peplowski played collegiately at Michigan State University.
He played three years of Division I college basketball for Wyoming.
He was released on January 5, 2011.
In 1962, Wanzer became the first coach at St. John Fisher College in Pittsford, New York.
Since 2008, Niidas has been playing for Tallinna Kalev again.
Kuka also served briefly as the Knicks' interim head coach for a few games in February 1949.
He did enjoy a long career in business, owning several automobile dealerships throughout Northern California.
Mario Stojić is a retired Croatian professional basketball player.
James Gerard Spanarkel is an American television analyst for the Brooklyn Nets on the YES Network and College Basketball on CBS.
He is currently the head coach of Ironi Nahariya.
Alberto Babo is a Portuguese basketball coach.
Mattera is one of the tallest players in WNBA history.
He represented the Serbian national basketball team internationally.
Terrel Andre Harris is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Maccabi Ashdod of the Israeli Super League.
After his NBA career Rowsom played in Israel for Hapoel Eilat
Brenton LaJames "Brent" Petway is an American professional basketball player for Pınar Karşıyaka of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Luke Kendall is an Australian professional basketball player.
As of 2009, he was living in Las Vegas and working as a shooting coach.
He is currently the director of player development for the Ohio State basketball program.
Mārtiņš Laksa is son of former Latvian NT player Jānis Laksa.
On November 20, 1966, when he was 16 years old, he played in his first game in the Italian League, with Ignis Varese.
Standing at 1.98 m he plays the shooting guard and small forward positions.
His single game scoring stats declined for the rest of his 151 NBA games.
Bowman was a preseason candidate for the 2006 John R. Wooden Award for the best collegiate men's basketball player.
Smildziņa-Budovska won 11 FIBA Women's European Champions Cups with TTT Riga, 3 World Championships and 5 European Championships with the Soviet Union national team.
Roberto Chiacig is an Italian professional basketball player for Gecom Mens Sana 1871 Siena of the Serie B Basket.
He was named one of FIBA's 50 Greatest Players in 1991.
Boynes was the 13th selection in the 1978 NBA Draft by the New Jersey Nets.
Lance Thomas is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association.
Liam Rush is an Australian professional basketball player who last played for Uppsala Basket of the Swedish Basketligan.
He averaged 2.3 points per game in his BAA career and won a championship with the Lakers in 1949.
He played college basketball for the University of Alabama.
He played in the Basketball Association of America for the Baltimore Bullets in just two games during the 1947–48 season.
He played most of his career in Japan and Lebanon.
In 2005, he ranked first in steals with 2.2 per game, shot 49% from the field and averaged 16.1 points and 6.4 rebounds.
In 2007-08, he also filled in for Pat Riley as an interim coach for the Heat.
Robert J. Hite II is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Canton Charge of the NBA Development League.
Frahm was acquired by the NBA D-League Reno Bighorns in February 2009.
He is also the fatherof Michael, donald and educator William Gibbons,William also graduated from Brown University.
At 6'11", he mainly played at the forward and center positions.
At the end of the season, he was named to the All-Western Athletic Conference team.
Rafael Martínez Aguilera, known as Rafa Martínez, is a Spanish professional basketball player who currently plays for Valencia Basket of the Liga ACB.
Born in Marietta, Georgia, Sheppard was Player of the Year in Georgia in 1993 at McIntosh High School in Peachtree City.
In 1997–98, Smith was named the Most Valuable Player of the USBL.
Ward, a 6 ft 4 in center, played for coach G. Ott Romney, a man credited with implementing the fast break style of play in basketball.
Reginald Lamont "Reggie" Hamilton, Jr. is an American professional basketball player currently playing for Proger Chieti of the Italian A2 Silver.
Standing at 6 ft 6 in, he played the shooting guard position.
Gilmore remains the top player in rebounds per game in the history of NCAA Division I basketball.
Daniel Joseph Orton is an American professional basketball player for Hi-Tech Bangkok City of the ASEAN League.
Clifford V. Anderson is an American retired professional basketball player.
Visser signed a nine-month contract with a German professional basketball team, the New Yorker Phantoms in October 2007.
He was drafted by the Milwaukee Hawks in the 1953 NBA draft and played with the team that season.
Ervin Johnson is an American retired professional basketball center who played in the National Basketball Association from 1993 to 2006.
In September 1982, Robinzine committed suicide in his car by carbon monoxide poisoning at a storage place in Kansas City, Missouri [1].
He played for the U.S. men's national basketball team in the 1974 FIBA World Championship, winning the bronze medal.
Paul Carlyle "Curly" Armstrong was an American professional basketball player.
Clarence Brookins is a retired American basketball player.
In 1979 and 1980 the team won the AIAW Women's Basketball Tournament.
He also played for the Denver Nuggets, Detroit Pistons, and the Memphis Grizzlies, before ending his NBA career with the 76ers during the 2009–10 season.
He retired in January 2017 due to knee injuries.
It is with Purefoods that Pingris established his reputation as perhaps the best defender in the PBA today.
As of 2012, he was fourth in Miners history with 9.7 rebounds per game for his career.
Terry is 6'3" tall and weighs 185 lbs.
Sónia is married to fellow Angolan basketball player Edson Ndoniema.
Brian David Scalabrine is an American former professional basketball player who is currently a television analyst for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association.
Sabah is well known to be one of the top scorers and top three-point shooters in every season of his career.
A 6'1" center/forward, he played for the UP Fighting Maroons in the UAAP.
Raphiael Rashad Putney is an American professional basketball player for Élan Chalon of the French LNB Pro A.
With him were Vicente Avena, Dionisio Calvo, Mariano Filomeno, Joaquin Iñigo, Pedro Robles, Jose Rodriguez, Alfredo Del Rosario, Lou Salvador and Mariano Sangle.
He was a member of the Lithuania national team.
Larry Hollyfield, born on November 6, 1951, is a former college basketball player for the UCLA Bruins.
As a senior, Sims averaged 21 points per game and passed the 2,000 point mark for his career.
Morris died on June 16, 1995 at age 75 after a five-year fight with cancer.
He was named to the 1960 All-Tournament Team.
He averaged 4.6 points per game in his career, competing for the Phoenix Suns and San Diego Conquistadors.
Ivana Grubor is a former Serbian female basketball player.
In 2012, he was traded to the Houston Rockets, where he bought out his contract and was waived at his request.
He lifted the Cougars to second place in the country.
He made his LNB debut for Paris-Levallois Basket, leading the team to the playoffs.
He was drafted 4th overall by NLEX in the 2014 PBA draft.
Tully Louise Bevilaqua is an Australian professional women's basketball player.
He is 2.08 m tall, and he played as a power forward-center.
Mfon Sunday Udoka is a Nigerian American former professional basketball player and the new Assistant Coach of the Nigeria women's national basketball team the Lady Tigers.
Goldsmith, a 5'8 guard, came to LIU following a high school career at nearby Thomas Jefferson High School.
Tyrus Wayne Thomas is an American professional basketball player who last played for Eisbären Bremerhaven of the Basketball Bundesliga.
With them he won two national championships in 1928 and 1929.
He coached for ten teams in Slovenia, Italy, Ukraine, and Belgium in his thirteen-year career.
Adolph "Dolph" Schayes was an American professional basketball player and coach in the National Basketball Association.
Zaid Abbaas is a Jordanian professional basketball player.
Chico Fletcher is a former American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Arkansas State University.
Standing at 1.88 m, he plays at the point guard position.
Jennifer Lynn Azzi is a former basketball coach, most recently the head coach of the women's team at the University of San Francisco.
Michael Meeks is a former Canadian professional basketball player.
Antonio Andrew Anderson is the head coach at Lynn English High School in Lynn, Massachusetts.
Williams played high school basketball for Woodlands High School in Hartsdale, New York and moved on to compete with Longwood and Bridgeport in college.
Though Ezersky is listed as having played for the University of Rhode Island team, he never played basketball at a college level.
Albert Julian "Al" Salvadori is an American former professional basketball player.
All five recruits went on to play in the National Basketball Association.
Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, he attended Santa Clara University.
Braeden Anderson is a Canadian law student who played college basketball for the Seton Hall Pirates of the Big East Conference.
Immanuel Jarod McElroy is an American professional basketball player.
He last played for the NBA D-League team the Erie BayHawks.
forward and played one season in the NBA for the Los Angeles Clippers, by whom he was selected in the 1986 NBA draft.
The 7 foot 1 inch Chamberlain weighed 250 pounds as a rookie before bulking up to 275 and eventually to over 300 pounds with the Lakers.
He is a 2.06 m tall Center.
A 6'8" forward from University of Texas at San Antonio, Gervin was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 4th round of the 1985 NBA draft.
He signed with KK Zagreb of Croatia during the 2011 NBA lockout where he appeared in one game, playing 17 minutes and scoring 7 points.
After the close of his collegiate career, Roney became a teacher and coach in Laramie, Wyoming.
Standing 2.10m tall, and weighing 120 kg, he spent his playing career playing at the positions of power forward and center.
He played for the Kings and San Diego Clippers.
Jack Stephens died on August 31, 2011, in Peoria, Illinois.
He is a 2.00 m tall small forward and power forward.
His career high came against La Salle University when he scored 26 points.
She played in the WNBA for the Houston Comets.
A 6'3" swingman from Cincinnati, Ohio, Chappell played college basketball at Robert Morris under coaches Mark Schmidt and Mike Rice.
Considered one of the best players in SBL history, Prue ended his career as the league's all-time leading rebounder.
Vincent Joseph "Vince" Boryla was an American basketball player, coach and executive.
He joined the law firm Irell & Manella in Los Angeles and became a senior partner specializing in commercial litigation and corporate law.
Her father Oleg works as a welder in a shipyard and her older sister, Tatiana, was a professional ballroom dancer.
center, King played four seasons with the Sonics, appearing in a total of 72 games and averaging 1.9 ppg.
Born in San Bernardino, California, Bohannon attended the University of Arizona for one year, the University of Tennessee, and Auburn University Montgomery.
Efkan Eren is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays for Sakarya Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K.
Jimmy Hal King is an American retired professional basketball player who played in the NBA and other leagues.
In his second year in Division I, the Pioneers were the seventh most improved team in the country based on their won-loss record.
She was selected fourth overall in the 2013 WNBA Draft by the Mystics.
He was named Western Athletic Conference co-Player of the Year at the University of New Mexico and played professionally in six different countries.
In 2015, he resigned from the position.
One of Tico's sons, Rion, played for the University of Miami men's basketball team from 2010 to 2014.
During his collegiate career, he scored 984 points, grabbed 644 rebounds and blocked 167 shots.
Tinsley played 11 seasons in the NBA, primarily with the Pacers, as well as the Grizzlies and Jazz.
Fúlvio Chiantia de Assis is a Brazilian professional basketball player currently with the NBB team UniCEUB Brasília.
Following the 2014–15 season, he announced his transfer, ultimately landing at Penn State.
Brian Alfred Hill is a retired American basketball coach.
Brice Assie is a Côte d'Ivoirean-French basketball player currently playing for San Martin Corrientes in Argentina.
Aïchata Diomande is a Ivorian female professional basketball player.
McCarthy later coached the Buffalo Braves, his hometown team, for part of a season.
Mitchell, who was born and grew up in the United States to an Australian mother and American father and has dual citizenship.
He helped guide the Wildcats to a 61-13 record, including three consecutive final top-10 finishes and a runner-up finish at the 1951 NCAA Final Four.
Shae Kelley is a professional women's basketball player who recently played for the Minnesota Lynx of the Women's National Basketball Association for the 2015 season.
After a midair collision with Lang, Ewing fell on his wrist and did not return until the second round of the playoffs.
Byron Dean Tolson is a former American professional basketball player.
After graduating, Weingard played for Team USA in the 1985 Maccabiah Games, helping them to win a gold medal.
For his achievements, Jaworski was enshrined into both the URI and New England Basketball Halls of Fame.
VanderKuy was selected by the Minneapolis Lakers in the fifth round, 49th overall pick, of the 1951 NBA Draft.
In May 2015, she was signed by Toulouse Métropole Basket, where she will play alongside Olivia Epoupa.
Battle is credited with fueling the resurgence of the Bulls men's basketball program, which went from 5-23 during his sophomore season to a 23-win senior campaign.
Taylor played from 1997 to 2007 in the NBA for the Clippers, Houston Rockets, New York Knicks, and Sacramento Kings.
Rafael Freire Luz, commonly known as Rafa Luz, is a Brazilian-Spanish professional basketball player.
He played professionally in the top leagues in France and Belgium, but is best known for his college career at Montana State University.
He also represented Latvia at the European Championships in Lithuania two years ago.
William Amar "Billy" Keys is a retired American professional basketball player and basketball coach.
Tommy Greer is an Australian former professional basketball player who played his entire career for the Melbourne Tigers of the National Basketball League.
As a senior in 1957–58, Crigler increased his scoring to 13.6 per game and helped lead the Wildcats to the 1958 NCAA championship.
In the twenty games he had played, Guarilia had snatched 353 rebounds.
Allan J. Hornyak is an American former basketball player known for his high school and collegiate careers.
Kashiwagi also is a member of the Japan national basketball team.
After two years with Arkansas, he declared for the 2001 NBA draft where he was drafted 10th overall by the Boston Celtics.
He is also a many-time member of the Philippine national team in international competitions.
He played college basketball for Utah State University, where he was named the Western Athletic Conference Player of the Year in 2011.
Jakub Šiřina is a Czech basketball player for BK Opava and the Czech national team, where he participated at the EuroBasket 2015.
In the 2009, he returned to his former club, now known under new name Zlatorog.
Leo R. Kubiak is an American former professional basketball player.
Aaron Fitzgerald McKie is an American basketball coach and former player who is currently an assistant coach for Temple University.
Bill Clark is an American basketball player.
His senior season the Cardinals won the 1986 NCAA national championship.
Tabbed fifth overall in the rookie draft, Rain or Shine got a legitimate inside threat and eased the burden on Jay-R Reyes in that aspect.
Dušan Kecman is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former player.
Riedy played college basketball at Duke University.
He is Morehead State's career scoring leader.
Gotkin died in 2004 at the age of 81.
Petar Popović is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Budućnost Podgorica.
He recorded 27 points, 5 rebounds, and 4 assists in his brief career.
William Theodore Walton III is an American retired basketball player and television sportscaster.
He played college basketball for Georgetown University.
Alexander Trent Tyus is an American-Israeli professional basketball player for Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Premier League and the EuroLeague.
He played college basketball for the University of Florida, where he was a freshman member of the Florida Gators' NCAA national championship team in 2007.
He is former college basketball player for George Mason University.
In February 2008, Scott was inducted into the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame.
He is a 6'0" tall point guard.
She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
John Adams was an American basketball player.
Jules Bender was an American collegiate and professional basketball player.
After three seasons in the team Makke joined TTÜ KK.
Robert Edward "Bob" Brown was an American basketball player.
Cameron Alexander Ayers is an American professional basketball player for the Maine Red Claws of the NBA Development League.
On April 24th 2015, he signed to play college basketball at Mississippi State, where his father, Horatio Webster, played from 1996-98.
From 1946 to 1949, he played professionally for the Philadelphia Warriors of the Basketball Association of America.
He was an All-American as a senior in 1975, when he won his second national championship with UCLA.
John F. "Jack" Turner was a National Basketball Association player for the Chicago Packers.
After the season, Gray was named a consensus first team All-American – Bowling Green's first in basketball.
He stands 6 ft 5 in tall and plays at the shooting guard and small forward positions.
Nicolás "Nico" Richotti is an Argentine professional basketball player.
Jordan Daniel Morgan is an American professional basketball player for Olimpija Ljubljana of the Slovenian League.
Williams was named first-team USA Today and first-team Parade All-American.
He was a participant in several controversial on-court incidents, most notably the Malice at the Palace, and is known for his sometimes eccentric and outspoken behavior.
The team then announced that he would assume another role with the club.
Evgeny Valiev is a Russian professional basketball player for B.C.
For his solid season, Hayles was named the Southwestern Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year in 2007–08.
He was later signed by the Sta.
Ogden spent his prep years playing at Lincoln High School in San Jose, California.
He then returned to Italy, playing for Caffè Maxim Bologna, moving on to Greece's Aris BC and Belgium's Spirou Charleroi.
Jennings led the team in scoring with 24 points in his last collegiate game.
After finishing his junior season in college, Azubuike declared himself eligible for the 2005 NBA Draft, eventually going undrafted that year.
He played basketball at Salem College in Salem, West Virginia before going on to play for three different BAA teams in the mid-1940s.
To date, McGinnis is the only Dartmouth player to have ever led the nation in this statistical category.
Boylen earned a bachelor's degree in business from Maine in 1987.
He played college basketball for the Oklahoma State University.
Harris played from 1980 to 1983 in the CBA, for the Maine Lumberjacks and Lancaster Lightning.
Lidija Abrlić, married Gnjidić is a former Yugoslavian and Croatian female basketball player.
Richard Vincent "Richie" Guerin is a retired American professional basketball player and coach.
Playing in the AAU allowed players to still compete in international competitions such as the Olympic Games because professional athletes were not allowed to participate.
He is a 2.00 m tall small forward.
Stoudamire was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the second round of the 2005 NBA Draft.
Known for his 39-inch vertical jump, he goes by the nickname of "Flyboy" on the court.
He also coached Wichita State's baseball team for three years.
Tanel Sokk is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays for TÜ/Rock of the Korvpalli Meistriliiga.
Willie Chu is a Taiwanese basketball player.
Nevin Nevlin is a Turkish American female basketball player at the center position who plays for Fenerbahçe Istanbul.
Ivan Todorović is a Montenegrin professional basketball Center who last played for Mornar Bar.
He spent the 1969–70 season with the Kentucky Colonels of the American Basketball Association.
Fuquan Edwin is an American professional basketball player for Sigal Prishtina of the Kosovo Basketball Superleague.
It is organized by the Estonian Basketball Association.
His point total of 611 ranked seventh-best in school history.
Jerry Newsom is a former American collegiate basketball player.
Brian Darnell Oliver is an American-Italian retired professional basketball player.
DeZonie died on January 2, 2009 at the age of 86.
He later moved to Minnesota Timberwolves of NBA, but was waived shortly after without playing a single game.
For the 2003–04 season, Kingma joined the Hunter Pirates, before leaving Australia.
His career was cut short in 2006 due to injury.
Elliot Lamonte Perry is a retired American professional basketball player.
Jeremy Ormskerk is a retired Dutch basketball player.
He returned to his home state of California when he was the men's basketball head coach at Pepperdine University from 2001 to 2006.
He played college basketball for North Carolina.
He is also the cousin of former NFL player Brian Westbrook.
Uroš Lučić is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for CSM Oradea of the Liga Națională.
He was the ECAC North Player of the Year as a senior in 1987–88 while playing for Boston University.
He also owned the Denver Bears franchise.
Scott Glenn May is a retired American professional basketball player.
The brothers' tenure in the league overlapped for two seasons, including one in which they were both All-League honorees.
He never played professionally, but he did establish himself as a solid college player at both the junior college and National Collegiate Athletic Association levels.
For 2010–11, Kinglsey signed with Bàsquet Mallorca, where he played until rupturing his Achilles tendon in December, 2010.
Moore earned a varsity letter in basketball playing for the Seminoles.
He was an All-EuroLeague First Team selection in 2011, as well as the ACB MVP the same year.
Wellington "Nezinho" dos Santos is a Brazilian basketball player.
Otten was selected in the third round in the 1949 BAA Draft by the Indianapolis Olympians.
He spent his entire professional playing career as a point guard for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association, from 1984 to 2003.
Anthony "Tony" Campbell is a retired American National Basketball Association player.
A 6'4" guard from the University of Arkansas, he was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the first round of the 1978 NBA draft.
Gordon played college basketball for the University of Connecticut and won a national championship with them in 2004.
Smith then signed with new franchise Victoria Titans who elected to keep his contract.
He was the captain of the Gators team that won the 2006 NCAA championship.
Glenn Kassabin Hagan is a retired American basketball player.
Schoon was elected to the Valparaiso Athletic Hall of Fame in 2000.
In Israel, James won 2 Cup Championships and 1 League Championship.
Coleman was born in Mobile, Alabama, but grew up and attended high school in Detroit, Michigan, and attended college at Syracuse University.
He also serves as the captain of the Latvian national basketball team.
Doug Herring, Jr. is an American professional basketball player for the London Lightning of the National Basketball League of Canada.
From 2001 to 2003, Loyer was an advance scout for the Blazers, then was an assistant coach from 2003 to 2005 under Maurice Cheeks.
Marvin Roberts is an American former basketball player.
Clyde Austin "The Glide" Drexler is an American retired professional basketball swingman.
After the death of Inday, he later married Flor Valenzona, with whom he had three children.
He currently works as a basketball color analyst.
Nicolas Lake Scott "Nick" Minnerath is an American professional basketball player for the Shanghai Sharks of the Chinese Basketball Association.
Roderick Bertrand Blakney is an American-born naturalized Bulgarian former professional basketball player.
He ultimately ended up at playing for the Crusaders of Holy Cross, a mid-major program in Worcester, Massachusetts.
In his first five years with Guangdong, the team won three CBA titles.
John Joseph "Jack" McMahon was a professional basketball player and coach.
He was selected by the San Antonio Spurs with the 20th pick of the 4th round in the 1983 NBA Draft.
Frazier was selected to Missouri's "Team of the Decade" for the 1980s.
Clarence Leroy Kea is a retired American professional basketball player.
He is the brother of NBA players Tyler and Cody Zeller, and the nephew of former NBA player Al Eberhard.
Temeka Rochelle Johnson is an American professional basketball player for Maccabi Bnot Ashdod of the Israeli Female Basketball Premier League.
Stanley Corvet Roberts is a retired American professional basketball player who played center.
On February 28, 1990, Upshaw signed a season-long contract with the Golden State Warriors and averaged 5.6 points in 23 games.
Thompson was elected to the Wisconsin Athletic Hall of Fame in 2001.
Ayodele "Ayo" Bakare is a Nigerian professional basketball coach.
A 6'3 Guard, Suttle was a star at Pepperdine University from 1979–83.
He attended Providence College and the University of Pennsylvania but was not selected in an NBA Draft.
Rodman experienced an unhappy childhood and was shy and introverted in his early years.
A banner displaying his number and years of play is now on permanent display in the Humphrey Coliseum.
Growing up in Wisconsin, Looney was named the top high school player in the state as a senior in 2014.
Harris remained in Phoenix for the next three seasons.
He declared himself eligible for the 2015 NBA draft but was undrafted.
Prior to this, Akinocho played for the France national basketball team in the 2003 European Championship for Cadets, helping the team to a fifth-place finish.
His primary position is small forward, but also he can play power forward, if necessary.
After retiring in 2005 he has been coaching BC Kalev/Cramo, TTÜ KK and AVIS Rapla.
Tony Dunkin is an American former college basketball standout for Coastal Carolina University.
His son Landry Kosmalski is the current head basketball coach at Swarthmore College.
He started his coaching career in 2010 in KFUM Uppsala U18 in Sweden.
For his career, Williams averaged 16.2 points on 47.0 percent shooting with 2.7 rebounds in 84 games.
He last played for the NLEX Road Warriors of the Philippine Basketball Association.
He played for the Ateneo de Manila University before being selected tenth overall in the 2013 PBA draft by San Mig Super Coffee Mixers.
James Vincent R. Martinez is a Filipino former professional basketball player.
He was 6 ft 0 in tall, weighed 170 pounds.
I have no idea why it happened."
William Lamont Strothers is a retired American professional basketball player.
Orhan Aydın Hacıyeva is an Azerbaijani professional basketball player who currently plays for Gaziantep Basketbol of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Averaged career-highs of 10.0 ppg and 5.1 rpg in 2000
Kinner was selected to the All-Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference all four seasons, and he scored over 1,000 career points for the Utes.
Irving B. Terjesen was an American basketball player.
In his 21-year playing career, he spent 14 years in the NBA and his final seven in the Lega Basket Serie A in Italy.
Harvey graduated from Bishop Montgomery High School of Torrance, California in 2011.
On October 31, 2002, he succumbed to cancer.
Then in the 1970s the firm acquired several smaller niche practices in antitrust and other areas.
Tungalagiin Sanchir is a Mongolian professional basketball player.
Can Maxim Mutaf is a Turkish professional basketball player for Beşiktaş of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
He played for the Philippine national basketball team including the 1998 Philippine Centennial Team.
In 11 games played, he averaged 0.9 points.
Nadezhda Sergeyevna Grishayeva is a Russian professional basketball player.
He surpassed that record in 2015 with 286, and again in 2016 with 402.
Prior to becoming professional player, he played collegiate basketball for the Connecticut Huskies.
He is a left-handed 2.01 m tall small forward-power forward.
NBA players and NJ residents like Kelly Tripucka, Roy Hinson, and Mike O'Koren also played.
Epperson played from 1939 to 1942 and, as a junior, was a starting forward for the Badgers' 1941 national championship team.
He also played for the United States men's national basketball team at the 1967 FIBA World Championship.
In the 2007–08 season, Armstrong played for the SKK Kotwica Kolobrzeg in Poland.
Hemric still holds the Division I record for most free throw attempts in a career.
Seif Samir is an Egyptian basketball player for Al Ahly and the Egyptian national team, where he participated at the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
After completing his college career in 2010, Boykin began his professional career in Turkey.
Van Gundy then coached the Orlando Magic for five seasons from 2007 to 2012, leading them to the 2009 NBA Finals.
Keddric Mays is an American professional basketball player for Pallacanestro Trapani of the Serie A2 Basket.
Larry Brett Krystkowiak is a retired American professional basketball player, and current head coach of the Utah Utes men's basketball team.
He instead enrolled at Barton County Community College in Barton County, Kansas.
Dwight E. Davis is a retired American professional basketball player.
Dwayne Anderson, II is a former American professional basketball player and basketball coach.
Jake Douglas Layman is an American professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association.
He signed with the Los Angeles Lakers for the 2017 NBA Summer League.
In his 11-season National Basketball Association career, the 6'8" small forward played for the New Jersey Nets, Utah Jazz, and Phoenix Suns.
Born in New York City, Scott played for Rice High School, before enrolling in the University of Miami in 2009.
Mohamed Kherrazi is a Dutch professional basketball player of Moroccan descent who currently plays for the Dutch Basketball League club ZZ Leiden.
Cameron Scott Jones is an American professional basketball player for Kymis of the Greek Basket League.
His friendship and rivalry with Boston Celtics star Larry Bird, whom he faced in the 1979 NCAA finals and three NBA championship series, are well documented.
Glenn Anton "Doc" Rivers is an American basketball coach and former player.
He played for the Los Angeles Clippers in the National Basketball Association.
Nathaniel "Nate" Blackwell is a retired American basketball player.
Their mother, Blesylda Yadao, is of Chinese Filipino descent while his father is a White American.
He died on September 14, 1985 in Bellaire.
Born in Hoover, Alabama, Spencer attended the University of Tennessee, and in April 2007 led the team to the national championship.
Kuka played in college for Notre Dame before being drafted into the United States Air Force for World War II.
Garrett struggled to find playing time in Milwaukee, and was waived before the start of the 1977-78 season.
After a lone season playing for the Willetton Tigers in 2001, he returned to the Giants in 2002 and continued to play for them until 2005.
He saw action in eight of nine games off the bench for the Iranians.
Derek Alan Rucker is an American-Australian former professional basketball player who starred in the Australian National Basketball League for 15 seasons.
He was a 2016–17 Big Ten Conference men's basketball season All-Big Ten second team selection by the coaches and the media as a senior.
Piera Verri was an Italian female basketball player.
In 1999, Bramlett was taken by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the second round of the 1999 NBA Draft.
Thomas Bryant is an American professional player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association.
Lieberman is a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame, the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame and the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame.
He was a major contributor to the 2001–02 Nets team, leading the team in rebounding and placing second on the team in scoring.
Viacheslav "Slava" Kravtsov is a Ukrainian professional basketball player for Eskişehir Basket of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Heitz died of cancer at age 65 on July 9, 2012.
Kathy Wambe is a former professional basketball player who plays for Belfius Namur in Belgium.
Mitchell was selected in the 1948 BAA Draft by the Boston Celtics after a collegiate career at Sam Houston State.
Slaughter played for the NBA's Indiana Pacers during the 1982-83 season, averaging 5.7 points and 1.9 rebounds per game.
Joseph Junior Ghislain Madozein is a Central African professional basketball player who last played for ASOPT of the Central African Division I Basketball League.
Marius Grigonis is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Alba Berlin of the Basketball Bundesliga.
Vladimir Georgievski is a retired Macedonian professional basketball Small forward who last played for Karpoš Sokoli.
Kirk James Hinrich is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association.
He averaged 19.1 points per game his senior season and was also named to the AP All-American third team.
After graduation, he was drafted in the fourth round of the 1950 NBA Draft by the Indianapolis Olympians, but never played in the National Basketball Association.
Anthony Roberts was shot and killed while arguing with two men in the parking lot outside his apartment complex on March 29, 1997.
Anthony Jerome Roberts was an American professional basketball for the Denver Nuggets and Washington Bullets in the National Basketball Association.
Sanders' NBA career was shortened by self-admitted irresponsible behavior, such as drug use, drinking, and partying too much.
At 6'10" and 220 lb, LaGarde played forward and center in the NBA.
Derrick Paul Brown is an American professional basketball player who plays for Anadolu Efes of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
A 6'7" center, he spent the majority of his career with the New York Knicks of the Basketball Association of America.
He was drafted 20th overall in the 2014 PBA draft by Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters.
Lori Vanessa Nero is a former professional basketball player.
He played college basketball for Oregon State University before playing professionally in Europe, New Zealand, Syria and the NBA Development League.
Barry is also considered to be the most talented player in the College of William & Mary's women’s basketball program history.
A humble man from the housing projects of Mount Vernon, he is now successful, and still giving back.
When a point shaving scandal was revealed that year, Spivey was accused of being involved, which he denied.
The Celtics also appeared in the 2010 NBA Finals.
A three-time All American at the University of Oklahoma, he was elected to the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in 2009.
He also played his collegiate basketball for IPFW.
Perrot wore jersey number 10 with the Comets organization, which subsequently retired her jersey.
Clifford Luyk Diem is an American-born former basketball player and coach, who played professionally in Spain and Europe from 1962 to 1978.
Green left basketball and now works in banking.
Cruz was the third youngest player in the 2009-10 PBA season at only 23 years of age.
Suzuki is the current head coach of SeaHorses Mikawa.
From 1976 to 1980, Green played in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Seattle SuperSonics, San Antonio Spurs, and Kansas City Kings.
Since then, he played for Apollo Amsterdam and Donar Groningen in the Dutch Basketball League.
She has represented several junior teams in European competitions.
McDonald spent from 2004 to 2008 at Texas under Rick Barnes.
His draft rights were immediately traded to the New Jersey Nets, and he spent slightly over one season with the Nets before being waived in 1991.
He played college basketball for Bowling Green.
After receiving hundreds of college scholarship offers, Lloyd elected to play at the local Arizona State University.
Her primary position is shooting guard, her secondary is small forward.
The guard was named the Mountain West Player of the Year that year.
Korać was named one of FIBA's 50 Greatest Players in 1991.
He was #28 in the NBA and averaged 2.0 ppg in 3.3 mpg.
He later admitted in an interview, "I should have stayed in the ABA for a couple of years.
He played college basketball for one season with the Kansas Jayhawks before declaring for the 2017 NBA draft
Deyonta Davis is an American professional basketball player for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association.
He also coached for one team longer than anyone in NBA history.
Leonard R. "Len" Chappell is a retired American basketball player.
He is currently the captain of the team.
Samuel Joseph Marata is a Filipino professional basketball player.
Allen Lester Crabbe III is an American professional basketball player for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association.
She joined the club in 2006-07 season after Ainārs Zvirgziņš was named head coach of the team.
He played college basketball for the Harvard Crimson.
He did not make an appearance with the Blazers during those final two games, nor during the postseason.
Jerel McNeal is an American professional basketball player for Brose Bamberg of the Basketball Bundesliga.
He played for the Hawks and briefly for the Philadelphia 76ers.
Goorjian was also coach the Australian national team, the Boomers, from 2001 to 2008.
Gilbert Brown is an American professional basketball player for Ironi Nahariya of the Israeli Basketball Premier League.
Sidney Spencer is an American professional basketball who most recently played for the Phoenix Mercury of the WNBA.
Paul Anthony Pierce is an American former professional basketball player who played 19 seasons in the National Basketball Association.
Meineke played for the Rochester Royals in the 1955–56 season, and after sitting out the 1956–57 season, rejoined the relocated Cincinnati Royals in 1957–58.
He scored a total of 1,646 high school points.
He is 1.92 m tall and 86 kg in weight.
He joined the Mavericks in 2011 and the Grizzlies in 2014.
He spent time playing in Finland and Sweden after completing his collegiate career in the United States at High Point University.
Trideep has captained the Indian team at Commonwealth games, Melbourne 2006.
Healy played 4 seasons for the Appalachian State Mountaineers.
His career has been for years strictly related to the French JSF Nanterre club.
Michael Joseph Dunleavy Jr. is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association.
He was also the Ivy League Player of the Year when he was playing for the University of Pennsylvania.
James Rowinski is a retired American professional basketball player.
He played college basketball for Kennesaw State University.
Richard Eugene Garmaker is an American retired basketball player who played professionally in the NBA from 1955 to 1961.
Barbara Renee Turner is an American professional basketball player.
Azary died of a heart attack on September 16, 1981, at age 51.
He last played for the Meralco Bolts of the Philippine Basketball Association.
He also served as interim coach throughout February 2012, when Calhoun went on medical leave; those eight games, however, are credited to Calhoun.
Eugene Lawrence is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the ČEZ Nymburk of the Basketball Champions League.
He played three seasons of college basketball for the University of Notre Dame before being drafted 45th overall by the Celtics in the 2016 NBA draft.
He was named an AAU All-American three times – in 1962, 1963 and 1964 – while playing for the Wingfoots.
He is currently an analyst for the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association.
Gainer played college basketball at DePaul University, and was drafted in the 1947 BAA draft by the Baltimore Bullets.
After college, Reed played semi-pro basketball in Australia.
She played college basketball for New Mexico from 1999 to 2003, and represented the Canadian national team multiple times.
He is currently the President of Basketball Operations for the Texas Legends, the D-League team for the Dallas Mavericks in Frisco, Texas.
The game went to overtime, but Yugoslavia prevailed, 93–89.
Kendrick La'Dale Perkins is an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association.
From 1992 to 1994 Spencer played for the Atlanta Hawks, Golden State Warriors and Sacramento Kings during his brief NBA career.
He went undrafted out of college, but played in 53 games with the Timberwolves in the 1995-96 season.
Serkan Erdoğan is a retired Turkish professional basketball player.
His son Luka Petrovski is also a basketball player.
Abdelqader competed for the Qatar national basketball team at the 2007 and FIBA Asia Championship 2009.
He attended Lincoln High School in the Coney Island section of Brooklyn.
Kaczmarski then left college basketball altogether and enrolled at the State University of New York at Stony Brook.
She is a veteran of the Croatian national team and has played for a variety of European clubs.
Bayard Forrest is a retired American professional basketball player.
In 2004, Christoffersen returned to his home country of Denmark and joined the Bakken Bears for the 2004–05 season.
Olcay Çakır is 182 cm tall and weighs 60 kg.
After working as an assistant coach for the Tigers, for 3 years, he returned to active play during the 2010 PBA Fiesta Conference.
She was a member of the team which competed for Cuba at the 2015 Pan American Games, winning a bronze medal.
On December 12, 2014 he signed with Romanian club CSU Sibiu.
Andre Woolridge is an American former basketball player.
At 7 feet 7 inches, he is one of the two tallest players in NBA history, along with Sudanese player Manute Bol.
Darren Darnell Brooks is American professional basketball player.
He is a center, but he can also play as a power forward.
He also played professional basketball in Poland, Italy and Turkey.
John Rashall Salmons is an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association.
David Gregory Hawkins is an American professional basketball player who last played for Galatasaray Medical Park.
Born in Houston, Texas, she played college basketball at Texas A&M.
In a four-year NBA career, he played for the Royals, as well as for the Detroit Pistons.
Darryl McDonald is a retired American Australian basketball player who last played for the Melbourne Tigers in the National Basketball League.
Stewart Francis Granger is a Canadian former National Basketball Association player and Canadian national team member.
Tywain McKee is an American professional basketball player who plays for Türk Telekom of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
He is the only player who has won the domestic leagues of all three Baltic states.
He previously had coaching terms with the Oklahoma City Thunder, Sacramento Kings, Minnesota Timberwolves, Denver Nuggets, Philadelphia 76ers and Los Angeles Clippers.
Gašper Potočnik is a Slovenian basketball coach of Union Olimpija.
He has also played in Turkey for Efes Pilsen and in France for ASVEL Lyon-Villeurbanne.
Carter is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Stal Ostrów Wielkopolski of the Polish Basketball League.
Julius Melvin Hodge is an Antiguan professional basketball player of U.S. Virgin Islander heritage born in Harlem, New York.
Kevin Noreen is an American basketball player from Minnesota.
Charles Cleveland died on December 22, 2012.
During the 2002–2003 season he played with Śląsk Wrocław and became one of its leaders.
May was named to the 2002 McDonald's High School All-American team.
He also represents the Estonian national basketball team internationally.
He has earned Atlantic 10 Conference Second-Team recognition for two consecutive years.
He spent one season in this position until he was promoted to be a full-time assistant coach at the start of the 2005–06 season.
Standing at 2.03 meters tall, he is an athletic frontcourt player and good rebounder.
Žan Mark Šiško is a Slovenian professional basketball player for Ilirija of the Slovenian Second Basketball League.
He married his wife Maxine in 1949.
He is a 2001 graduate of Duluth East High School where he was a basketball star and highly recruited college prospect.
He also had stints in the amateur Philippine Basketball League, the most recent being with the Magnolia Purewater Wizards.
He averaged 31.8 points per game as a sophomore, 35.9 ppg as a junior and 27.1 ppg for his career.
Mark speaks fluent Italian, as well as Spanish and Portuguese.
Ledo never played a minute for the Friars that season, and at the end of the year he declared he was entering the 2013 NBA draft.
The best years of his career were during his time with the Celtics and the Pistons.
He is 2.03 m tall and 110 kg weight.
Born in Bells, Tennessee, he was a 6'8" and 210 lb small forward and played collegiately at the University of Wisconsin–Parkside.
Tadas Sedekerskis is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Baskonia of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
On June 28, 1995 the Milwaukee Bucks acquired his rights from Seattle.
Seven games into the 1953-1954 season, the team was averaging well over 100 points per game.
Vicéns was famous for his performance with the Leones de Ponce and with the Puerto Rican national basketball team.
He played with Jerry West and Elgin Baylor.
Terquin T. Mott is a former basketball player who played in the Continental Basketball Association, in Europe, Asia and South America.
Dartmouth College, his alma mater, named their basketball arena after him.
She has also played basketball in France in 2010.
In 2008, she was named as the first head coach of the first ever Women's Basketball Team at the Academy of Art University in San Francisco.
Porter Louis Meriwether was an American professional basketball player.
Treveon Graham is an American professional basketball player for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association.
He is a 6 ft 3 in tall shooting guard.
In 2010, he played for the Caboolture Suns.
Eduardo Alvir Pacheco also known by his nickname, Eddie Pacheco, was a Filipino sportsman who has represented the Philippines both in international basketball and football.
He was born and raised in Holland, Indiana; he attended Holland High and helped lead the Dutchmen to an IHSAA Sectional in 1953.
Thoyib competed for the Indonesia national basketball team at the FIBA Asia Championship 2009 for the first time.
Jasenka Marohnić is a former Croatian female basketball player.
He played college basketball for Indiana University.
David McKinley Henderson is a retired American basketball player and coach.
Norman Cook was an American basketball player.
By this relation Elwood was a first cousin of George W. Romney and is ancestral cousin of his son Mitt Romney.
He played college basketball for the University of Florida and was drafted by the Houston Rockets with the 38th overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft.
Jeremy Evans is an American professional basketball player who last played for Khimki of the VTB United League.
Michael Gansey is an American former professional basketball player and current general manager of the Canton Charge of the NBA Development League.
Ram Carlo T. Sharma is a professional basketball player who last played for the Pilipinas MX3 Kings in the ASEAN Basketball League.
That year he was part of the United States basketball team that won the gold medal at the Pan American Games in Winnipeg.
A power forward, he played in the NBA and in several other leagues.
He was most notably a member of the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers.
He is a left-handed 2.05 m tall small forward.
After receiving his medical degree from Michigan, he was a resident at the University of Michigan Hospital for three years.
Peter June Simon is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Star Hotshots of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Following this stint, he had a three-year run with the NBA's Atlanta Hawks between 1991 and 1994.
He won three consecutive national championships with the Bruins from 1971 to 1973, and helped the school to a record 88-game consecutive win streak.
He is a member of the Rwanda national basketball team.
He played at the collegiate level with Temple and Coppin State after graduating Dodge County High School.
In 2017, Philippine Airlines began operating international flights to Seoul, with more flights planned from late 2019.
He then played professionally with the Indiana Pacers of the American Basketball Association, averaging 5.7 points per game during the 1968-69 ABA season.
He played college basketball for the Utah Utes.
Fuller is a frequent global traveler for volunteer events.
A 6'0" guard, Fuetsch was a member of the 1947-48 Baltimore Bullets team that won the 1948 Basketball Association of America championship.
He is also a co-host of the Cavaliers' pregame and postgame show on FS Ohio.
Alex Sheedy is an Australian basketball player who currently plays for Fresno State in the United States' NCAA.
Kenneth "Apple" Green is a former National Basketball Association player for the New York Knicks.
He is the brother of former New York Giants tight end Daniel Fells.
Led by coach Eddie Casiano, he helped the Indios de Mayagüez win the championship in 2012.
He last played for the Air21 Express of the Philippine Basketball Association.
In a 1996 poll celebrating the 50th anniversary of the NBA, Ewing was selected as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History.
Anderson attended Lynn English High School in Lynn, Massachusetts before college, where he was one of the top basketball players in the Northeastern Conference.
Born in Washington, D.C., she played college basketball at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Maja Miljković is a Serbian professional female basketball player.
Terrence James Gregory Roberts is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Super City Rangers of the National Basketball League.
Boban Stajić is a Macedonian professional basketball player who currently plays for MZT Skopje Aerodrom.
Kim Joo-Sung is a South Korean basketball player.
Taylor Braun is an American professional basketball player who plays for ratiopharm Ulm of Germany's Basketball Bundesliga.
Outlaw was known for his athleticism, tenacious defensive approach and sub-par free-throw shooting.
He was Southeastern Conference player of the year as a senior at Tennessee.
She is 1.94 meters tall and plays as a forward.
Saul George Mariaschin was an American professional basketball player.
He has extensive overseas experience, primarily in France.
In the 2006–07 season he saw more playing time than expected due to the exhaustion of Primož Brezec, and averaged 4.4 points per game.
After attending the University of Southern Mississippi, he played five seasons with five different teams in the ABA, from 1970 to 1975.
Kalin Jay Lucas is an American professional basketball player for the Lakeland Magic of the NBA G League.
He was 6 feet 8 inches tall.
John Leonard "J. L." Parks is a retired American basketball player.
Stephens played on Irish teams that finished 19–5 and 22–3 and qualified for the NCAA Championships his sophomore and junior years, respectively.
He played college basketball with the Alcorn State Braves and the Jackson State Tigers in the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Toni Prostran is a Croatian professional basketball player for Nevėžis Kėdainiai of the Lithuanian Basketball League.
He played college basketball for Western Kentucky University.
Arenas is a three-time NBA All-Star, three-time member of the All-NBA Teams, and was voted the NBA Most Improved Player in the 2002–03 season.
He was born in New York City.
Lucas Steijn is a Dutch professional basketball player who currently plays for Forward Lease Rotterdam in the Dutch Basketball League.
Zackary "Zack" Wright is an American-born naturalized Bosnian professional basketball player for Strasbourg IG of the LNB Pro A.
He played college basketball for the University of Florida before being drafted was by the Detroit Pistons in the second round of the 2011 NBA draft.
Sobieszczyk died on October 23, 2009 of a degenerative brain disease.
Zorica Ðurković is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Shannon was the first overall pick in the 1949 BAA Draft, selected by the Providence Steamrollers.
Born in Salt Lake City, his hometown is Murray, Utah.
He had been a first team all-state center and enrolled at Creighton in the fall of 1939.
He was selected by the Fort Wayne Pistons in the 3rd round of the 1950 NBA draft.
He then became a teacher and coach at Warren Consolidated High School in Tiltonsville, Ohio, where he coached future baseball Hall of Famer Bill Mazeroski.
Hagiwara also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, where Japan's team came in seventh place.
He was a member of the 1971 MICAA Meralco commercial league Basketball team.
Kristine Austgulen is a former Norwegian female basketball player.
Slobodan Božović is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Smederevo 1953 of the Basketball League of Serbia.
Following the close of his college career, Goldsmith played briefly for the Toledo Jeeps of the NBL.
He graduated from Chiang Kai Shek College.
As a senior, he led the Aggies to the 1939 National Invitation Tournament in New York City.
Joe Pace is an American former professional basketball player.
He held the NBA Development League all-time scoring record from March 2014 to December 2014.
Milan Milovanović is a Serbian professional basketball player for Polpharma Starogard Gdański of the Polish Basketball League.
In 1997, Bristow was inducted into the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame.
He spent a total of 17 seasons with the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers, and two seasons as a player with the Carolina Cougars of the ABA.
He was selected in the 4th round of the 1970 NBA draft by the San Francisco Warriors, then played one season with them before being waived.
He was inducted to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1980.
Standing at 6 ft 5 in, he plays at the shooting guard and small forward position.
Gerald Bernard Wilkins is a retired American professional basketball player.
He was selected with the 41st overall pick by the Denver Nuggets in the 2014 NBA draft.
Shammond Omar Williams is a retired American-born naturalized Georgian professional basketball player.
After graduating from EastSide High School in 1991, James attended Spartanburg Methodist Junior College, graduating with an associate degree in Criminal Justice.
He scored 981 career points and helped lead the Hawkeyes to four consecutive berths into the NCAA Tournament.
He also won two bronze medals at the EuroBasket 2011 and at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
He was named a consensus second team All-American that year.
He is currently the lead color commentator for Chicago Bulls television broadcasts.
Borboran is 6-4 small forward who can shoot, rebound, and pass.
Throughout his NBA career, Scalabrine served as a backup power forward.
Kenyon Jones was an American basketball player.
After playing in Ginebra where he impressed many with his good outside shooting, Macapagal was involved in a four-team trade that sent him to Coca-Cola.
Jermaine Lee O'Neal is an American former professional basketball player.
She was waived by the Mystics three games into the season when a replacement needed to be signed for the injured Marissa Coleman.
He played 55 games for them in 1994-95, averaging 3.5 points and 3.2 assists per game.
Ryan began his NBL career with the Canberra Cannons for the 1998/1999 season and he won the Rookie of the Year award for that season.
Van Arsdale played 929 games without making a single playoff appearance.
A 6 ft 8 in power forward from Washington, D.C., he is known for his high school and collegiate careers.
Edward Stefanski is an American sports executive and former professional basketball player.
He also played internationally for a time after his one season in the ABA.
He played university basketball at Acadia University and is a former member of the Canadian national basketball team.
He is also a member of the Qatar national basketball team.
He has played for the Kings, the Philadelphia 76ers and the New Jersey Nets, averaging three points per game.
Guðni Ólafur Guðnason is an Icelandic basketball coach and former basketball player who played 76 games for the Icelandic national team.
Haskins was a standout player at Alexandria High School.
He also played 8 years for the Argentina national team, being also its captain.
10 jersey, and he was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame later that year.
He averaged 2.9 points per game and won a league championship.
MVP of the Stanković Continental Champions’ Cup as a player of the National Team of Lithuania 2005.
Their son Fuad "Kikko" Haydar currently plays basketball for the Arkansas Razorbacks.
Yasemin Horasan is a Turkish professional basketball player of Fenerbahçe.
He was later drafted in the 1993 NBA Draft but only appeared in only 10 career games in the league.
Brian Joshua Cook is an American professional basketball player who last played for Chiba Jets of the Japanese National Basketball League.
After announcing retirement in 2012 with the Rainmen, he became the first NBL Canada player to have his jersey retired.
Professionally, Spraggins' career lasted from 1961 to 1971 spanning three different leagues.
He was selected 6th overall in the 2013 PBA draft by the GlobalPort Batang Pier.
He was the head coach of the Polish League club Śląsk Wrocław till 2016.
Hof usually played at the small forward or power forward position.
He averaged 6.8 points per game and won a league championship with St. Louis in 1958.
David "Corky" Calhoun is an American former professional basketball player.
Van Arsdale is also the highest scoring player in NBA history without a playoff appearance.
John Smith, Jr. is an American former professional basketball player.
After his tenure with Talk 'N Text, he was traded to the Air21 Express and then to the Coca-Cola Tigers.
He last played for Demir İnşaat Büyükçekmece of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
He made a name in the amateur ranks as the first-ever Rookie of the Year-Most Valuable Player of the NCAA while playing for the PCU Dolphins.
The Atlanta Dream signed Teasley in 2008 and she suited up for the 2009 season.
He teaches golf and other sports activities to United States Marines who were severely wounded in combat.
In spite of the setbacks, the 7 ft 1 in and 235 lb center played ten seasons in the National Basketball Association.
Marek Doronin is an Estonian professional basketball pleyer.
In 1937–38 he coached the Sheboygan Enzo Gels, a semi-professional basketball team.
Unfortunately, new GM Isiah Thomas then traded for star point guard Stephon Marbury, and Williams was relegated back to the end of the bench.
Harold "Happy" Hairston was an American professional basketball player.
Aleksandar Petrović is a Macedonian professional basketball coach.
He also competed for the Kazakhstan national basketball team at the FIBA Asia Championship 2007 and FIBA Asia Championship 2009.
Oliver played four years in the league, mainly with the 76ers from 1990–1992 and two brief stints with the Washington Bullets and Atlanta Hawks.
His jersey number was the first Panathinaikos shirt number ever to be retired by the club.
During his NBA career, he played for Hall of Famers Dolph Schayes, Bill Russell and Jack Ramsay.
Angel Gerardo Suero is a Dominican basketball player.
In the first game of his senior year, Bryson broke his wrist and was out for the year.
He scored 63 points in a FIBA European League game, while playing for Real Madrid against Virtus Bologna, during the 1995–96 season, on February 26, 1996.
He attended Woodbridge High School and Gar-Field Senior High School, both in Virginia.
Alpha Kaba is a French professional basketball player for ASVEL Basket of the LNB Pro A.
Anderson finished his NBA career with totals of 7,056 points, 2312 rebounds and 952 assists.
He is buried in the Eastern Shore Veterans Cemetery in Hurlock, Maryland.
Westphal is a former assistant coach on Lionel Hollins' staff on the Brooklyn Nets.
He played five games for the New York Knicks during the 1961-62 NBA season and averaged 1.6 points per game.
Gill has had a journeyman career in basketball and has played in various teams in the NBA, NBA Development League, minor leagues, and overseas.
Standing at 1.91 m, he plays the point guard and shooting guard position.
He was born on May 5, 1977 at Albay, Bicol, Philippines.
He played college basketball for the University of Illinois.
Woodrow "Woody" Sauldsberry Jr. was an American National Basketball Association player.
Elected in 2008 and reelected in 2012, Johnson is the first African American to serve in that office.
Kimberly Williams is a former professional basketball player who played two seasons for the Utah Starzz of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Boyd played in 327 career games over six seasons for the 76ers and the New Orleans Jazz.
Michael John "Red" Wallace was an American professional basketball player.
This was a dream come true for Stewart, as he had served as a ball boy for the Kings in his youth.
Linville had a strong NCAA tournament showing, making the All-Final Four team alongside teammate Bill Spivey.
He was also member of U-18 Macedonia national basketball team 
A 2.08 m power forward, he played professionally in ten different countries throughout his career.
After attending the University of Georgia, he was selected by the San Antonio Spurs with the 10th pick of the 1988 NBA draft.
Marko Kešelj is a Serbian professional basketball player for Crvena Zvezda of the Basketball League of Serbia.
He is 1.83 m tall weighs 182 pounds, and plays point guard.
He played college basketball for the University of Kentucky.
He was the Alphonso Ford Trophy winner and an All-EuroLeague Second Team selection in 2005.
He played college basketball for Texas Tech and San Francisco.
During his six-year NBA career Murrey averaged 4.7 points and 4.4 rebounds per game in 357 career games.
He served as boys' basketball coach at Atlantic Christian School in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
A native of California, he played college basketball for the UCLA Bruins and played professionally in the National Basketball Association from 1971 to 1981.
Labanowski played for Maccabi Bialik in 2012–13, and averaged 10 points and 5 rebounds, and 1 blocked shot a game.
A forward, Koch once recorded 38 rebounds in a single game.
Jeremy Paul Kendle is an American professional basketball player for the South West Metro Pirates of the Queensland Basketball League.
Hüseyin Göksenin Köksal is a Turkish professional basketball player, who currently plays for Galatasaray of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
He played college basketball for the Texas Longhorns and has represented the Cameroon national team.
Michael Eric "Mike" Mitchell is a retired American professional basketball player.
He's also a member of Lebanon national basketball team.
A 5'11" point guard born in Los Angeles, California and from UNLV, Smith played for seven NBA teams in as many seasons from 1977 to 1984.
John Thomas "Tom" Marshall is an American former basketball player and coach.
Radošević won the gold medal at the 1997 FIBA European Championship with Yugoslav national team.
After graduation, Šulskis went on to play for the Youngstown State University Penguins of NCAA.
Penelope Jane Taylor is an Australian retired professional basketball player.
Riste Stefanov is a Macedonian former basketball player.
He played college basketball for George Washington University and Connecticut.
Verga played the next two seasons with the Carolina Cougars, averaging 27.5 points per game during the 1969–70 season and 18.8 the following season.
William "Bill" Campion is a retired American basketball player.
He is currently the head coach of Budućnost Podgorica.
In 2004, Cook was named to the University of Illinois All-Century Team.
In his 10 NBL/NBA seasons, Davis scored 7,770 points, averaging 13.7 a game, and had 2,250 assists.
In his senior year, the Wolverines advanced to the 1965 NCAA title game, where they lost, 91-80, to John Wooden's UCLA.
Edwards played ten years in the league.
He served as head coach of the Indiana Pacers from 1997 to 2000.
Duane Alexander Johnson is an American professional basketball player who last played for Black Star Mersch of the Luxembourg Nationale 2.
She also played for multiple basketball teams outside of the United States.
After the completion of his college career, Halliburton was drafted in the third round of the 1971 NBA Draft by the Atlanta Hawks.
Standing at 1.98 m, he plays at the shooting guard and small forward positions.
Following his college career, Cleveland was drafted by the Philadelphia 76ers in the third round in the 1975 NBA draft.
Kote Tugushi, is a Georgian professional basketball coach and former player.
He played three seasons with the Knicks showing promise when Allan Houston and Latrell Sprewell were sidelined by injuries.
He was inducted into Saint Louis' Hall of Fame in 2005.
Romero Osby is an American professional basketball player who last played for Maccabi Kiryat Gat of the Israeli Premier League.
Aside from his basketball achievements, he was known for his erratic public behavior and various run-ins with the law.
Monika Bosilj is a Croatian female professional basketball player.
Chuckie Williams is an American former professional basketball player.
Leo Frank Katkaveck was an American professional basketball player.
He is a four-time NBA All-Star and has been named three times to the All-NBA Team and NBA All-Defensive Team.
He is listed as 6-0, 195 lbs.
Ervin Sotto is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for Byaheng SCTEX of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
He moved with the team to Philadelphia when it became the 76ers for the 1963–64 season.
Michalis Pelekanos is a Greek professional basketball player, who is playing for Panionios.
He holds the NBA record for the most seasons playing with one franchise for an entire career.
He was waived again on February 3, 2012.
The team posted an 18-11 regular season record and were invited to the CollegeInsider.com Tournament.
James Clough Gist III, is an American professional basketball player for Panathinaikos of the Greek Basket League and the EuroLeague.
She has won two WNBA titles with the Storm, in 2004 and 2011, the latter also earning Jackson the WNBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award.
Baylor spent 22 years as general manager of the Los Angeles Clippers.
He played for the Dallas Chaparrals and Houston Mavericks in the ABA for 59 games.
He is currently the sporting director of Cibona Zagreb.
He was again one of UConn's key players when they won the NCAA tournament for a second time in four years in 2014.
His nickname is "The White Mamba", given to him by his former Charlotte Bobcat teammates.
