The series deals with the experiences on Earth of a man named Prot.
Realmspace is an accessory for the Spelljammer campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
The city of Paris also impresses itself on the characters – especially young Rastignac, who grew up in the provinces of southern France.
Again, it collects a number of Lovecraft's most popular stories in their latest "definitive" editions as edited by S. T. Joshi.
The novel is a portrayal of life in the "great black walled city" of Harlem.
Aboard this vessel, Pym and a sailor named Dirk Peters continue their adventures farther south.
In this text, some have suggested, Schaeffer imagined a computerized music studio:
Newspaper accounts about the murder were scarce, as well as the television news accounts.
Looking Backward: 2000–1887 is a utopian science fiction novel by Edward Bellamy, a journalist and writer from Chicopee Falls, Massachusetts; it was first published in 1888.
The novel was adapted for radio in 2004 by Craig Warner, and adapted for the stage in 2013.
The posthumous novel was published in 2002, a year after Ludlum's death.
Solaris has the ability to cast their secret, guilty concerns into a material form, for each scientist to personally confront.
Frequently thereafter, the characters long for angels who will steer them "beyond the rocks."
The Story of Tracy Beaker is a British children's book first published in 1991, written by Jacqueline Wilson and illustrated by Nick Sharratt.
The fourth in a quintet of novels covering the Arthurian legend, it is preceded by The Last Enchantment and succeeded by The Prince and the Pilgrim.
This and the next 34 Oz books of the famous 40 were illustrated by John R. Neill.
The Wandering Fire is the second novel of The Fionavar Tapestry trilogy by Guy Gavriel Kay.
The book has been translated into seventeen languages.
She then "ran out of sexual positions and decided to move into the mystery genre."
It was published on April 13, 2006, alongside The Stone Rose and The Feast of the Drowned.
The first six stories appeared in her only previous collection Monday or Tuesday in 1921 :"A Haunted House"
It first appeared in 1845–47 as a series of weekly cheap pamphlets of the kind then known as "penny dreadfuls".
In an interview at the Guardian Book Club, Pratchett remarked that the book is an urban fantasy.
They forget perhaps that medicine is for the people, not for the doctors.
The book, which became an international bestseller, grew out of an article "The Future as a Way of Life" in Horizon magazine, Summer 1965 issue.
He won the contest but received no money.
As with several of his other novels, Cronin drew on his own experiences as a doctor for this book.
In finished form Amnesia Moon bears homage to Philip K. Dick.
When first published in the United States by The Crime Club in 1932, it carried the title Angels of Doom.
It tells the story of the sensitive daughter of divorced, irresponsible parents.
The stories were written between 1980 and 1991, and published in Japan in various magazines, then collections.
The book received rave reviews and has sold in excess of three million copies, far more than expected.
The School of Fear is the fifth novel by Jude Watson in the Star Wars Jedi Quest book series.
The Toll-Gate is a Regency novel by Georgette Heyer, which takes place in 1817.
The man's tattoos, allegedly created by a time-traveling woman, are individually animated and each tell a different tale.
Early readers considered Rasselas to be a work of philosophical and practical importance and critics often remark on the difficulty of classifying it as a novel.
Time magazine included the novel in its 2005 list of the 100 best English-language novels published since 1923.
It is mainly a collection of thoughts of an old Pakistani man Humayun Farid who is visiting his emigrant daughter Arjmand in United States.
Theatre of War is an original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own."
Burton's ten volume version was published almost immediately afterward with a slightly different title.
Ben-Hur remained at the top of the US all-time bestseller list until the publication of Margaret Mitchell's Gone with the Wind.
In the metalogues, the playful dialectic structure itself is closely related to the subject matter of the piece.
Zeta Major is a BBC Books original novel written by Simon Messingham and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The novel also features a large cast of Glaswegian minor characters across a broad social spectrum, some of the segments reworked from Gray's earlier broadcast material.
The Grass Is Singing is the first novel, published in 1950, by British Nobel Prize-winning author Doris Lessing.
The book was first published in London in 1977 by Jonathan Cape.
The novel is notable for the fact that Poirot never visits any of the crime scenes or speaks to any of the witnesses or suspects.
Scott pointed out in a second review that "the criticisms of evolution [Johnson] offers are immediately recognizable as originating with the "scientific" creationists".
and women are seamstresses, craft-makers, food preparers etc.
The book involves themes including Freudian analysis, consumer capitalism, and societal taboos.
Love and Mr Lewisham is a 1900 novel set in the 1880s by H. G. Wells.
Kiln People is a 2002 science fiction novel by David Brin.
In 2001, it was listed at 125 on the Publishers Weekly list of the best-selling children's books of all time.
The Malloreon is a five-part fantasy book series written by David Eddings, which follows The Belgariad.
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass encompasses eleven chapters that recount Douglass's life as a slave and his ambition to become a free man.
Though republished in 1963 after his death under his own name, the text still refers to his wife as “H”.
It is a collection of eighteen comedic essays on popular culture.
The Rings of Kether is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Andrew Chapman, illustrated by Nik Spender and originally published in 1985 by Puffin Books.
But the 34th FIST gradually becomes aware that not all is what it seems.
The devotees compiled his poetry and designated it as Shah Jo Risalo or Poetry of Shah.
It features the Second Doctor, Zoe and Jamie.
The Scary Sleepover is a children's picture book, written for children between three and six years of age.
The American Library Association made the book one of their 2004 book picks.
The novel was extremely popular and influential and helped establish travel writing as the dominant genre of the second half of the 18th century.
Its title quotes the fictional detective Sherlock Holmes in Arthur Conan Doyle's 1892 short story "Silver Blaze".
The Dream Master, originally published as a novella titled He Who Shapes, is a science fiction novel by American writer Roger Zelazny.
It is a direct sequel to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
Al Misurata, his second-in-command Ghigno, and Serafina fall to their deaths over a cliff.
It was originally entitled Beeton's Book of Household Management, as one of the series of guide-books published by her husband, Samuel Beeton.
A repeated theme in his mature years is art forgery.
The story is set in a Soviet labor camp in the 1950s and describes a single day in the life of ordinary prisoner, Ivan Denisovich Shukhov.
The stories were all originally published in magazines between 1954 and 1967, except for "Marooned off Vesta", Asimov's first published story, which first appeared in 1939.
Lost in the Funhouse is a short story collection by American author John Barth.
The Mill on the Floss is a novel by George Eliot, first published in three volumes in 1860 by William Blackwood.
The English translation was published in 1986 and generally met with critical approval.
An analogy of World War II known as the Second Great War is being waged on American soil between the United States and the Confederate States.
Mediation is a common thread throughout Kierkegaard’s works.
Not George Washington is a semi-autobiographical novel by P. G. Wodehouse, written in collaboration with Herbert Westbrook.
The earlier part of the work deals with the history of Buddhism outside of Burma.
The book's title is derived from Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin, an anti-slavery novel published in 1852.
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame is a French Romantic/Gothic novel by Victor Hugo, published in 1831.
In near present day, a parallel story follows a detective searching for a lost boy, abducted for use in a sexual ritual.
It is the second in the Thursday Next series.
Pryor Convictions: And Other Life Sentences is an autobiography by the American comedian Richard Pryor.
In 1967, it was released as the fifth entry in the Eon Productions James Bond film series, starring Sean Connery as Bond.
It was published by Robert Hale in 2003.
In 1998 the Modern Library ranked The Naked and the Dead 51st on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
Knowledge of Angels is a medieval philosophical novel by Jill Paton Walsh which was shortlisted for the 1994 Booker Prize.
David F. Swenson cited this book when discussing Kierkegaard's melancholy which was corroborated by Kierkegaard's older brother Peter Christian Kierkegaard.
It was originally published as a three-part serial in Astounding Stories.
It was first published in 2006 by Random House.
The essay discusses the relationship between bright, colorful objects, geometric designs, psychoactives, art, and profound experience.
The Zombie Survival Guide was also featured on The New York Times Best Seller's list.
It is the tenth full-length novel in the Blandings Castle saga and the last one fully completed by Wodehouse.
Ancient Law is a book by Henry James Sumner Maine.
In fact, parallel to the main plot of the novel, an allegorical story of such a kingdom is narrated.
It has sold more than 4 million copies and has been translated into 14 languages.
Will Parry is introduced as a companion to Lyra, and together they explore the new realms to which they have both been introduced.
The Hunger of Sejanoz is a gamebook by Joe Dever.
Point of Impact is a 1993 thriller novel by award-winning author Stephen Hunter.
The Valley of Horses is a historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel.
The Songs of Bilitis is a collection of erotic, essentially lesbian, poetry by Pierre Louÿs published in Paris in 1894.
The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women is a book written by Tristan Taormino.
Some new Urdu editions also add Musalmanon ki Maujudah Pasti ka Wahid Ilaj by Maulana Ihtishamul Hasan Kandhlawi.
It is the third novel to feature Johnny Maxwell and his friends, and deals with the rules and consequences of time travel.
Each story focuses on different aspects of the Halo universe, revealing stories that are tangential to the main plot of the game.
The story takes place in the 19th century and is about Gustav Rask, a peasant who becomes a soldier in the Swedish allotment system.
Early editions were written in consultation with different people.
Oracle Night is a 2003 novel by American author Paul Auster.
Black Holes & Time Warps: Einstein's Outrageous Legacy is a 1994 popular science book by physicist Kip Thorne.
The quest is going to take him to the planet of Naboo where secrets lye.
The model was developed jointly with the nuclear physicist Friedrich Beck in the period 1991-1992.
It even contributed to the modern negative connotations of the words "politics" and "politician" in western countries.
She became Madame Mao after her marriage to Mao Zedong.
All editions contain a brief preface, by "John H. Watson, M.D.
Upon publication in 1999, the novel became a surprise bestseller.
In 1980, the 24th edition, the format was changed, changing the old four stave oblong tunebook to an upright modern soprano-alto-tenor-bass format.
The stories are about the people of the village of Amaravati and were first published in the Andhra Jyothi newspaper.
The book, generally considered to be his magnum opus, is largely credited with creating the terminology and shape of modern macroeconomics.
Jones's book gave rise to the term European miracle.
The format is a combination of monograph and anthology with contributed essays by artificial intelligence experts such as Daniel Dennett, Douglas Hofstadter, and Marvin Minsky.
The 1946 version is probably the best known and is regarded as an important film noir.
The first volume begins with the famous words "These are the times that try men's souls."
An incomplete sequel to the novel, Leaving Cold Sassy, was published in 1992 after Burns' death.
In the book's preface, Rodney praises the state of Tanzania, which had pursued the sort of Marxist political ideology that he advocated.
In October 1861, Chapman and Hall published the novel in three volumes.
The Times Literary Supplement ranked Small Is Beautiful among the 100 most influential books published since World War II.
Greenwald defines emo as "a much mocked, maligned, and misunderstood term for melodic, expressive, and confessional punk rock."
It features the Eighth Doctor, Fitz and Anji.
Rorty sees the progressive Left as acting in the philosophical spirit of pragmatism.
The Supernaturalist is a science fiction novel by Irish author Eoin Colfer.
In 1998, the Modern Library ranked The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie #76 on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
Fire on the Water is the second installment in the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
To Have and Have Not is a novel by Ernest Hemingway about Harry Morgan, a fishing boat captain out of Key West, Florida.
The novel chronicles the adventures of the princess Cimorene, who escapes her tediously ordinary family to become a dragon's princess.
The book was published posthumously in 1948, 15 years after its predecessor.
When first published, the book was widely regarded as having overturned conventional social and historical thinking about culture.
The story is sometimes considered an early example of detective fiction with protagonist Walter Hartright employing many of the sleuthing techniques of later private detectives.
The Sound of Waves is a 1954 novel by the Japanese author Yukio Mishima.
American Notes for General Circulation is a travelogue by Charles Dickens detailing his trip to North America from January to June 1842.
Lessig criticizes the reaction of music companies and Hollywood.
Published and released in 2003, it is the eighteenth installment of the series, which is set in the Star Wars universe.
It features the Seventh Doctor, Chris and Peri.
The book was a 1999 Pulitzer Prize finalist.
Dead Romance is an original novel by Lawrence Miles, originally published as part of the Virgin New Adventures series.
Margaret Weis includes allusions to A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens, one of her favorite stories.
The novel ends tragically with Adrian and Nicole falling beneath a pool cover in winter and being unable to break through to the air.
His personal struggle seems apparent in "Brooklyn Crucifixion."
The second installment of the series, Oh, Play That Thing, was published in 2004.
Darwin's book introduced the scientific theory that populations evolve over the course of generations through a process of natural selection.
In 2006, it was translated into English again by Maureen Freely.
Despite keeping a format and structure similar to Fleming's Bond novels, Colonel Sun was given mixed reviews.
In Short Sun the relation to the original New Sun is made clear.
The structure is not coincidental, and plays an important part in the story.
After the success of his novel Fight Club, Invisible Monsters was given a second chance, and a revised version of it was published.
The book introduces the alien Shonunin race, and the plot of the novel concerns a male Shonun raising a human boy.
The name Schrödinger's Cat comes from a thought experiment in quantum mechanics.
As the two men's relationship develops it becomes clear that both have something to hide.
The book is available in a Portfolio Edition which includes another image/caption pair from the story "Missing in Venice".
Attributions of motives and descriptions of behaviour show wild variation and reveal much about the character of the teller.
It was published in the autumn of 1973 and has been translated into 46 languages.
Greyspace is an accessory for the Spelljammer campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
It tells the tale of a man rendered incapable of interacting normally with other human beings by his uncontrollable psychic abilities.
In a second example of the author's playfulness with names, Sterne and Eliza receive the pet names ‘Bramin’ and ‘Bramine’ throughout.
The Hero: Galahad the Pure, Gawain the Brave, Percival the Dumb, or Lancelot the Heavyweight Champion of the World.
Language, Truth, and Logic is a 1936 work of philosophy by Alfred Jules Ayer.
Yes, mother, I know", when asked the same question.
In Astounding readers' surveys in both 1952 and 1956, it was rated the best science fiction book ever published.
Steven Pinker's book The Blank Slate calls Sowell's explanation the best theory given to date.
The book is a sequel to Jumanji, another illustrated book by Van Allsburg, and references are made, both visual and textual, to Jumanji.
It features the Eighth Doctor, Fitz and Anji.
The novel has been the subject of interpretations focusing on the historical role of book burning in suppressing dissenting ideas.
A number of adaptations were created following publication, including a 2007 film of the same name, several stage performances, and a graphic novel.
Landless and Drood take an instant dislike to one another.
Antrax is the second book in Terry Brooks' The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara fantasy trilogy.
In 2016, following the expiry of the copyright held by the Bavarian state government, Mein Kampf was republished in Germany for the first time since 1945.
Till We Have Faces: A Myth Retold is a 1956 novel by C. S. Lewis.
Other characters that appear in these short stories are Powell and Donovan, a field-testing team which locates flaws in USRMM's prototype models.
The novel was adapted into the film The Door in the Floor in 2004.
The book provides an introduction to principles of economics, including demand-supply interactions, market failures, externalities, globalisation, international trade and comparative advantage.
Crimson Joy is the 15th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker.
It was the first novella collection to be published since Enter the Saint a year earlier.
He discusses particularly the regulation of the radio spectrum in the United States.
The main character, Colin Laney, has a talent for identifying nodal points, analogous to Gibson's own:
Auschwitz and After is a first person account of life and survival in Birkenau by Charlotte Delbo, translated into English by Rose C. Lamont.
In his analysis of the four cases of fallen civilizations, he notes that two failed due to depletion of natural resources—"their ecologies were unable to regenerate."
Scrutator is the third book in Ian Irvine's The Well of Echoes quartet.
Anyone affected by the "Shaod", the random turning of a person into an Elantrian, is thrown into the city, to stay there for all eternity.
American drama attained international status only in the 1920s and 1930s, with the works of Eugene O'Neill, who won four Pulitzer Prizes and the Nobel Prize.
Hanuman Chalisa is a devotional hymn dedicated to Lord Hanuman.
It is a collection of definitions, postulates, propositions, and mathematical proofs of the propositions.
A sequel, Ben, in the World recounts Ben's life after he has left his family.
The novel also features Dr Thomas Arnold, who was the actual headmaster of Rugby School from 1828 to 1841.
contest held by the New York Times Book Review.
It was Coetzee's first novel since winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2003.
Kierkegaard considered it to be his "most perfect and truest book".
In addition to providing information for general use, it documents local variations such as United States and United Kingdom usage.
The novella is notable for its dual narrative structure.
Anil, along with archaeologist Sarath Diyasena, discovers the skeleton of a recently murdered man in an ancient burial ground which is also a government-protected zone.
This series began with The Ancient Enemy, continued with The Shasht War, and concluded with Doom's Break.
The Golux is said to wear an "indescribable hat".
Lawrence's work is startling, even revolutionary, for several reasons.
The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album was published by Harper Paperbacks.
Angelique de Xavia, the police officer whose job it is to catch him.
The Violent Land is a Brazilian Modernist novel written by Jorge Amado in 1943 and published in English in 1945.
It is the sequel to the novel The Peace War and the novella The Ungoverned.
Most of the action takes place on three islands – Pingaree, Regos, and Coregos – and within the Nome King's caverns.
The book is based upon a series of travels the author undertook in the Canadian barren lands, of Keewatin Region, west of Hudson Bay.
Goethe's book provides a catalogue of how colour is perceived in a wide variety of circumstances, and considers Isaac Newton's observations to be special cases.
meaning that his ghostly double would puke on his soul, according to a translation by David.
Initial reception of the book versions was mixed.
He fasted and consumed amphetamines to focus his creativity on the novel.
Susan possesses a small tear-shaped jewel held in a bracelet: unknown to her, this is the weirdstone of the title.
The Realm of Possibility is a 2004 young adult novel by David Levithan.
The title comes from a quotation from Shakespeare's King Lear:
Unlike many dark didactic existentialist novels, The Moviegoer has a light poetic tone.
[...] But the whole point of agriculture is to manipulate the environment so as to increase the amount of food that it will provide.
Drakulić uses certain trials of alleged criminals with subordinate power to further examine and understand the reasoning behind their misconducts.
The book describes White House deliberations implying that if Saddam were removed from power without a military invasion, Iraq would need a foreign-implemented regime change.
Following the Equator is a non-fiction travelogue published by American author Mark Twain in 1897.
The Female Eunuch is a 1970 book by Germaine Greer that became an international bestseller and an important text in the feminist movement.
Two examples of such descriptions are "Longevity Dragon cake, silver mold, bamboo frame, one inch diameter" and "Eternal Spring Jade Leaf, bamboo frame, diameter 3½ inch.".
The original edition, published by Hetzel, contains a number of illustrations by Jules Férat.
However, Lorenz does not state that aggressive behaviors are in any way more powerful, prevalent, or intense than more peaceful behaviors such as mating rituals.
The guide was favorably reviewed by the New York Times, The Wilson Bulletin, and the journal Western Birds.
The Eleventh Tiger is a BBC Books original novel written by David A. McIntee and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The Eagle of the Ninth is a historical adventure novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1954.
The book was later made into an animated short film by the BBC, with Robbie Coltrane providing the voice of the hermit and Prince Charles narrating.
The Lunatic Cafe is the fourth in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
Acorna's People is a fantasy or science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough.
Examples of this are the Cŵn Annwn, Garmr and Cerberus, all of whom were in some way guardians of the underworld.
His parents saw the final manuscript and in 2001 decided to self-publish Eragon; Paolini spent a year traveling around the United States promoting the novel.
The Assault is a 1982 novel by Dutch author Harry Mulisch.
The lyrics to the song, with minor changes, were adapted and recorded by U2.
Doorways in the Sand was nominated to the Nebula and Hugo awards.
Upon completion the book was picked up by the publisher Sir William Collins who released it through his publishing company Collins in 1960.
The novel is in part a sequel to Smith's 1962 short story "The Ballad of Lost C'Mell", featuring some of the same characters and settings.
Locus Solus is a 1914 French novel by Raymond Roussel.
Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams, Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
In 1998, the International Sociological Association listed this work as the fourth most important sociological book of the 20th century.
New Spring consists of 26 chapters and an epilogue.
Master Humphrey's Clock appeared after The Old Curiosity Shop, to introduce Barnaby Rudge.
Airport is a bestselling novel by British-Canadian writer Arthur Hailey.
Published in 1904, it is a collection of articles which Steffens had written for McClure’s Magazine.
For this work, Briggs became known as the "cartographer of Discworld."
It is regarded as one of the most important texts of media ecology.
Jacobs' reports of sexual abuse were deemed too shocking for the average newspaper reader of the day, and publication ceased before the completion of the narrative.
Breathing Lessons is a 1989 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by American author Anne Tyler.
The story was first serialized in the American science fiction magazine Amazing Stories.
The first edition of Silent Coup was published in 1991, followed quickly by an expanded second edition in January 1992.
The book has been published in the UK as The Alban Quest.
        
The novel was the first in the series to be published in hardback, first appearing in the United Kingdom on 2 December 2002.
The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
Officers from the El Monte city police department handed over the investigation to the L.A. Sheriff’s Homicide Bureau.
Several critics have referred to the book as the definitive or comprehensive account of the Scopes Trial.
It also won the 1965 Gold Medal of the Australian Literature Society.
The next day when she is out trying to do her first spell she meets Kit Rodriguez, another wizard.
The Monster Manual is the primary bestiary sourcebook for monsters in the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, first published in 1977 by TSR.
She also learned how to shoot a gun.
It covers the period of Swiss involvement in the Burgundian Wars.
The book was a major influence upon William S. Burroughs and other Beat writers.
It is set in a small town in the American Midwest during the 1940s, and portrays a moralistic young woman, Lucy Nelson.
The novel is one of a series of books featuring the character Anne Shirley.
It is a short work addressing the political, ethical and economic components of Ernesto Guevara's thinking.
While there she meets up with some fantastic creatures who end up helping her on her journey.
A Study in Sorcery is an alternate history novel by Michael Kurland featuring Randall Garrett's fictional detective character Lord Darcy.
It was the first novel by a black West Indian to be published in England.
This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1932.
Gap Creek is a sequel to Morgan's other novel, The Truest Pleasure.
Like Ballard's earlier short story "The Dead Time", it is essentially fiction but draws extensively on Ballard's experiences in World War II.
Like its predecessors, All Tomorrow's Parties is a speculative fiction novel set in a postmodern, dystopian, postcyberpunk future.
The Ice Harvest is a debut novel by Scott Phillips.
Trangressions: Volume Two contains short stories by two modern writers, John Farris and Stephen King, edited by Ed McBain.
Categories for the Working Mathematician is a textbook in category theory written by American mathematician Saunders Mac Lane, who cofounded the subject together with Samuel Eilenberg.
Eric S. Raymond, in The Art of Unix Programming, calls it "recommended reading for all C programmers."
The Dream Park series is set in a near-future Earth, the first book taking place in March 2051.
The Malloreon is set in the same world as The Belgariad, but expands on several aspects of the setting, especially the eastern continent of Mallorea.
The 2013 Penguin edition includes an introduction by Bernard Beckett.
The novel contains commentary on the changing situation between the Edo and Meiji periods.
The Coquette or, The History of Eliza Wharton is an epistolary novel by Hannah Webster Foster.
She falls ill, composes "The Conqueror Worm", and quotes lines attributed to Joseph Glanvill shortly before dying.
Krakatoa: The Day the World Exploded is a 2003 book by Simon Winchester that covers the 1883 eruption of Krakatoa.
The Outlaw of Torn is one of only two historical novels Burroughs wrote.
The King of Torts is a legal/suspense novel written by American author John Grisham.
It was first published in Canada by HarperCollins Publishers in 2001.
The book follows a year in Raptor Red's life as she loses her mate, finds her family, and struggles to survive in a hostile environment.
Never Send Flowers, first published in 1993, was the thirteenth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent, James Bond.
In addition the role of women is a key theme, with all female characters in one way or another revealing their purpose in the slum.
Managra is an original novel written by Stephen Marley and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The publication of the book was supported by a grant from Glasgow City Council.
The anthology was first published as a large hardcover by Doubleday in 1974 and re-issued as three smaller paperbacks by Fawcett Books the following year.
Black Hawk Down: A Story of Modern War is a 1999 book by journalist Mark Bowden.
Brazilian Adventure is a book by Peter Fleming about his search for the lost Colonel Percy Fawcett in the Brazilian jungle.
It consists of two parts: Przebudzenie and Obłęd.
Subtitled "Regard", it placed fourth in the annual Locus Poll for best fantasy novel.
The semi-autobiographical novel focuses on the story of a Rhodesian family in post-colonial Rhodesia during the 1960s.
It is written from multiple points of view and moves backward and forward through time.
It was made into an opera by American composer, Celius Dougherty.
It was voted the number two children's picture book in a 2012 survey of School Library Journal readers.
It is about a university professor whose research student dies while conducting an experiment.
It is a dystopian fantasy-adventure which follows the story of Candy Quackenbush and her journeys through the world of the Abarat.
A Happy Death was the first novel by French writer-philosopher Albert Camus.
It is set in the contemporary United States.
The book generated some controversy because "society is not accustomed to seeing beauty in young males", Greer claims.
Karenin argues that knowledge and power, not love, are the essential vocation of humanity, and that "There is no absolute limit to either knowledge or power."
Because of this, very few people are employed, with many people living on a social welfare system for support.
In this anti-pastoralist account, he finds that he is not welcomed by the peasants, although he once idealised them.
It was published in 1987; an American edition was published in 1998 by NBM Publishing.
Barnaby Rudge is largely set during the Gordon Riots of 1780.
Improvements in telescopes can shift previously non-visual binaries into visual binaries, as happened with Polaris A in 2006.
Perelandra is the second book in the Space Trilogy of C. S. Lewis, set in the Field of Arbol.
The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse is a novel by the British author Robert Rankin.
Pamuk would later receive the 2006 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Snow Crash was nominated for both the British Science Fiction Award in 1993, and the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1994.
A Time of Changes is a 1971 science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg.
A Short, Sharp Shock is a 1990 fantasy novel by Kim Stanley Robinson.
The war film, Cross of Iron, directed by Sam Peckinpah, is based upon this novel.
On discovering the troll's culinary talents, they agree to spare the troll and make him their cook.
Vanity Dies Hard is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell, published in 1966.
          /
Not counting a novelization of the 1997 film, The Saint, also written by Barer, this was the first original Simon Templar book published since 1983.
The first book in the series, A Kiss of Shadows, was released by Del Rey on October 3, 2000.
The Coral Island: A Tale of the Pacific Ocean is a novel written by Scottish author R. M. Ballantyne.
It was awarded the 1920 James Tait Black Memorial Prize in the fiction category.
The Tigers of Mompracem is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari, published in 1900.
The Loveday Fortunes is the second novel in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
"Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning."
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a 1943 novel written by Betty Smith.
The cover also depicts Septimus's Dragon Ring, rendered as if it were sitting atop the diary.
The book greatly influenced academics, writers, and social theorists.
Kant criticized Leibniz's followers for looking "no further than the senses teach," and stayed close to Leibniz's original vis activa point of view.
Many of its themes are unusually dark and heavy for the children's book genre.
The Husband is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz, released in 2006.
The novel was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 2004.
They believe that there "is no secret for revolution, no grand dialectic, no master theory."
The novel has inspired several film adaptations, most notably The Blue Lagoon starring Brooke Shields as Emmeline and Christopher Atkins as Richard.
– England from the Ancient Times, to the Death of King John
Screenplay authors can also use ghostwriters to either edit or rewrite their scripts to improve them.
The title of early editions did not include the words "and cable".
The book is considered a spiritual classic and was still in print as of 2012.
The original manuscript published by Avon Books in 1959 was almost immediately pulled from the shelves due to objections over profanity in one particular passage.
This eventually joins with the main narrative.
The Golden Bough was first published in two volumes in 1890; in three volumes in 1900; and in twelve volumes in the third edition, published 1906–15.
The book An Essay on the Principle of Population was first published anonymously in 1798, but the author was soon identified as Thomas Robert Malthus.
The Light and the Dark is the fourth novel in C. P. Snow's Strangers and Brothers series.
It centres on, in the words of critic J. Hillis Miller, "money, money, money, and what money can make of life."
Bill of Rights, excerpts from the SCUM Manifesto, the Redstockings Manifesto, and historical documents from WITCH.
Although nominated for several awards, Warriors has yet to receive any major literary prizes.
The Book of the Courtier is an example of the Renaissance dialogue, a literary form that incorporated elements of drama, conversation, philosophy, and essay.
In this novel, the Baudelaire orphans live with the owner of Lucky Smells Lumbermill.
Whilst Hardy originally thought of simply calling it The Mellstock Quire, he settled on a title taken from a song in Shakespeare's As You Like It.
For example, Slaughterhouse-Five deals with a firebombing of Dresden, Germany, an event that he was present at during his time in the Army.
This version is no longer in print.
The Crystal Cave is a 1970 fantasy novel by Mary Stewart.
Ravens was adapted as a play by theatre professor Joel Fink.
Some of the stories were initially published elsewhere, such as "Ali's Smile", which was also later included in Ali's Smile/Naked Scientology.
Mark Twain was the first major American writer to be born away from the East Coast.
The book addresses "preppy" life from birth to old age, lending understanding to the cultural aspects of "preppy" life.
The White Hart is a pub where a character named Harry Purvis tells a series of tall tales.
It takes place about twenty five years after The Lazarus Effect.
Home of the Gentry, also translated as A Nest of the Gentlefolk, is a novel by Ivan Turgenev published in the January 1859 issue of Sovremennik.
Sci-fi critic and editor David Pringle included it in his book, Science Fiction: The 100 Best Novels.
By 1999, Whitman had gone out of business, and so to celebrate holding the Star Trek license for 20 years, it was re-published by Pocket Books.
The novel is set during World War II, with most of the action occurring on or near a fictional Army Air Forces base in central Florida.
A prelude to the novel, also written by Gatiss, appeared in Doctor Who Magazine #217.
It won the 1981 Nebula and 1980 British Science Fiction Award, and the 1981 John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
Travels with My Aunt is a novel written by English author Graham Greene.
The text was published in 1887 by John Murray as part of The life and letters of Charles Darwin, including an autobiographical chapter.
Howard Haycraft included this novel in his list of the most influential crime novels ever written.
Its predecessor was called City of Pearl, published in February of the same year.
The book presents the Sumerian language as the firmware programming language for the brainstem, which is supposedly functioning as the BIOS for the human brain.
Follow the Saint marked a change in the publication order for the Saint books.
This allows one to quickly refer to the articles about Fleming, Florey, and Chain.
Six Stories is a short story collection by Stephen King, published in 1997 by Philtrum Press.
The short stories commonly have tones of Catholicism related to life and death scenarios.
Pedro Páramo has been translated into more than 30 different languages and the English version has sold more than a million copies in the United States.
Audiobook and cartoon versions of the book were also created.
Taras Bulba is a romanticized historical novella by Nikolai Gogol.
Initially, Zelazny intended for it to be the first of an ambitious trilogy, with the two sequels tentatively named "The Gods of Virtú" and "Virtú, Virtú".
The novel was immediately a bestseller in the United States for 20 weeks, and was also on lists for bestseller of that year.
The Austere Academy is the fifth novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket.
The Golden Fool is a fantasy novel by American writer Robin Hobb, the second in her Tawny Man Trilogy.
It is a handbook of rules and guidelines for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
The virus found at the facility was a mutated form of the original Ebola virus, and was initially mistaken for Simian Hemorrhagic Fever.
In that system, the Age of Aquarius is approaching.
For example, the Star of Elendil jewel is identified with the Star of the Dúnedain given to Samwise Gamgee, but Christopher Tolkien refutes this.
This book was published in 1943 and has been reprinted several times.
"The Ship Shape" - childhood memories of the second home that his father never bought
It is arguably the most widely read historical novel in late imperial and modern China.
"A Perfect Night to Break Your Neck"
The tulip, beauty; marijuana, intoxication; the apple, sweetness; and the potato, control.
Vesalius's magnum opus presents a careful examination of the organs and the complete structure of the human body.
It deals with a fantastic land called Katroo, where the Birthday Bird throws the reader an amazing party on their special day.
Helen Hunt Jackson's A Century of Dishonor is often considered a nineteenth-century precursor to Dee Brown's writing.
Day of the Cheetah is a 1989 technothriller novel written by former US Air Force officer Dale Brown.
The story was later made into a movie in 1988.
The poems are astonishingly concentrated: both short, and compacting a profundity of experience into small compass.
He goes on a binge, and is saved by Brother and Sister Soulsby, common-sensical fund-raisers for Methodist congregations.
On Earth, at a telepathy lab run by the US Navy.
John P Roche, who reviewed the book for the Los Angeles Times, called the narrative "moving" and "written with a striking lack of self-pity".
The book received a favorable reception from reviews in Publishers Weekly, Library Journal, and Kirkus Reviews.
As a result of this Wild Cat Falling has been said to be a 'political message'.
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court is an 1889 novel by American humorist and writer Mark Twain.
It is Golding's third novel, following The Inheritors and his debut Lord of the Flies.
Ordinary Jack is a novel by Helen Cresswell, the first book in the Bagthorpe Saga.
The 698-page book contains 80 photographs, two maps and extensive source references.
It received a favorable review from the New York Times and was on the newspaper's list of the ten best books of 1993.
Waiting for the Mahatma is a 1955 novel by R. K. Narayan.
Grandma's gooseberry pie goes up against Rupert Pennypacker's in a pie baking contest at the fair for her town's honor and a flight in a biplane.
Earlier excerpts had appeared in Evergreen Review, Big Table, Nugget, and The London Magazine.
He suggested that attempting to judge the literary merit of books based on traditional criteria may not prove fruitful.
It was the first hardcover book of the D&D series.
The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents is a children's fantasy by Terry Pratchett, published by Doubleday in 2001.
The central thesis of the book is that Jesus, while free from sin, was still subject to fear, doubt, depression, reluctance, and lust.
The Ethical Slut: A Guide to Infinite Sexual Possibilities is an English non-fiction book written by Dossie Easton and Janet Hardy.
Like many of his books, it is set in a world that draws heavily upon real times, events, places and people.
They reflect the world view of Nehru, and his grasp of history.
It was published by New York University Press [1] in June 1998, and in paperback in October, 2000
The Rowan is a science fiction novel by American writer Anne McCaffrey, the first book in "The Tower and the Hive" series.
Weber's choice of topics and analysis inspired further attention and critique.
It includes a small blurb on each character, and a picture of said person.
It is the second in his series of "Christmas books": five short books with strong social and moral messages that he published during the 1840s.
The film Bicentennial Man, starring Robin Williams, was based both on the original story and the novel.
The Hungry Tide is the sixth novel by Indian-born author, Amitav Ghosh.
Kenya Mountain is a non-fiction book written by E.A.T.
It is based on the script of the film of the same name.
The Cay is a children's novel written by Theodore Taylor.
It was shortlisted for the Booker Prize for Fiction.
Unlike the Star Trek: The Next Generation Technical Manual, the Encyclopedia makes no detailed speculations about Star Trek technology.
Star Wars: Dark Force Rising is a 1992 Star Wars novel by Timothy Zahn, and the second book in the Thrawn trilogy.
In the story, Camille and Alain get married and temporarily move into one of Camille's friend's flats.
It expands upon and replaces an earlier soft-cover rulebook entitled Tome and Blood.
Revolutionary Wealth is a book written by futurists Alvin Toffler and his wife Heidi Toffler, first published in 2006 by Knopf.
Corso's investigation leads him to seek out two copies of a rare book known as De Umbrarum Regni Novem Portis.
It has been performed many places elsewhere, including Burbank, California in 1999 and Sacramento, California in 2013.
This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1927.
Equal Danger is a 1971 detective novel by Leonardo Sciascia where a police inspector investigating a string of murders finds himself involved in existential political intrigues.
At the Back of the North Wind is a children's book written by Scottish author George MacDonald.
Goodnight Mister Tom is a children's novel by the English author Michelle Magorian, published by Kestrel in 1981.
Dead Souls is a novel by Nikolai Gogol, first published in 1842, and widely regarded as an exemplar of 19th-century Russian literature.
In March 1951, Holiday magazine published two of Hemingway's short children's stories, "The Good Lion" and "The Faithful Bull".
An unabridged audiobook was also published, narrated by Albom himself.
The cookbook has gone through many editions in its 100-year history.
First published by Macmillan of Canada in 1975, this novel focuses on the life-story of the fictional conjuror Magnus Eisengrim.
It is about second-grader Freddy Dissel, a middle child who feels emotionally squashed between his older brother, Mike, and his younger sister, Ellen.
After coming to the US, Cesar's memories include events in the lives of his and Ernesto's girlfriends, wives, and children.
The collection comes from sources including Arena Magazine, Details, New Jersey Monthly, and Film Comment.
It also split the black literary community, as some, e.g.
Dark Alliance was published in 1998 by Seven Stories Press, with an introduction by U.S. Representative Maxine Waters.
Inside the Soviet Army, is a book by Viktor Suvorov, which describes the general organisation, doctrine, and strategy of the Soviet armed forces.
It also introduces the secondary character Steven Collier, parapsychologist, who would make numerous future appearances in both the comic strip and the novels.
and a few characters appear in both books.
It also details the origins of some of the more famous video game companies of today, like Electronic Arts and Blizzard.
What's Bred in the Bone is the second novel in the Canadian writer Robertson Davies' Cornish Trilogy.
The novel touches among the ideas of social alienation, culture shock and dystopia.
A Caress of Twilight is the second novel in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton.
It was first published in 1979, with a second edition in 1989 and a third edition in 1999.
Cover art is by Clyde Caldwell, with interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian.
Computer Lib, subtitled "You can and must understand computers NOW," was influenced by Brand's Whole Earth Catalog.
It was influential in providing the ideology that helped support the revival of the Ku Klux Klan.
Going Solo is a memoir by Roald Dahl, first published by Jonathan Cape in London in 1986.
After three days of humming, he is given the chance to apologize to Narwin for his disrespect towards her.
Set in England in 2021, it centres on the results of mass infertility.
The book was highly promoted, but did not do well commercially.
It won the 1921 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, making Wharton the first woman to win the prize.
During this first book in the Keisha'ra series, Danica is 19.
Predominant among the actors described are the US and Iraqi generals, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, and President George W. Bush and their closest staff members.
The title is wordplay on the phrase "Equal Rights".
The Scarab Murder Case is a classic whodunit written by S. S. Van Dine.
It is also the title of a 1982 short film based upon the story, which aired on Mobil Showcase.
The Warden, published in 1855, is the first book in Anthony Trollope's Chronicles of Barsetshire series of six novels.
The novel was serialized in Harper's Bazaar in 1907-08 and published as a book by Harpers in late 1908.
The story is written much in the language and spelling of the mid 18th century.
It was written in the 1950s, a formative period in the creation of the middle class in the United States.
On December 8, 1995, Bauby, the editor-in-chief of French Elle magazine, suffered a stroke and lapsed into a coma.
Rainbows End is a 2006 science fiction novel by Vernor Vinge.
The novel was adapted as a Warner Bros. movie, Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase, in 1939.
The first version was published in 1990.
The White Dragon is a science fiction novel by American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey.
The Invention of Solitude is the debut work of Paul Auster, a memoir published in the year 1982.
Think and Grow Rich is listed in John C. Maxwell's A Lifetime "Must Read" Books List.
It was first published in Galaxy magazine, August 1962, and in 1963 in book form, as half of Ace Double F-185.
Forty Thousand in Gehenna was reprinted in 2008 along with Cherryh's novel Merchanter's Luck in an omnibus volume entitled Alliance Space.
It is an expansion to novel length of a short story that he had published four years earlier.
The chapters of the book are not ordered chronologically.
The poems deal with themes relating to decadence and eroticism.
The novel is an anarchic tale concerning mind control by psychic, electronic, sexual, pharmaceutical, subliminal, and other means.
In Clash of the Sky Galleons, she is described as the newest member of the crew.
The Egyptian has been translated into 40 languages.
This book contains an in-depth treatise of thought-terminating phrases, other manipulative secrets of semantics, and an extensive bibliography.
The story is based on the legend of the Lambton Worm.
The subject of each chapter is generally determined by its number and its corresponding Qabalistic meaning.
Millennium is a series of best-selling and award-winning Swedish crime novels, created by Stieg Larsson.
Influenced by Ralph Waldo Emerson and the Transcendentalist movement, itself an offshoot of Romanticism, Whitman's poetry praises nature and the individual human's role in it.
Henry's dad has promised to take him salmon fishing on one condition – he has to keep his dog Ribsy out of trouble for two months.
Festival of Death was re-released in 2013 for the 50th Anniversary of Doctor Who.
It was published in book form, in the United Kingdom by Mills & Boon on 1 May 1912.
The Paladin is a 1988 fantasy novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.
Although it is sold as a guide for reporters, it has become the leading reference for most forms of public-facing corporate communication over the last half-century.
The book ranks 111th on Publishers Weekly's All-Time Bestselling Children's Book List for the United States, with 1,179,533 copies sold as of 2001.
The origin of this title is known: Nix chose the name referencing "Abhorson", the executioner in Shakespeare's Measure for Measure.
However, the three chapters are largely written in the first person by the Thelemic deities Nuit, Hadit, and Ra-Hoor-Khuit respectively, rather than by Aiwass/Aiwaz.
The book has won the 2002 Sankei Children's Publishing Culture Award.
It is written by or in consultation with experts in the relevant field.
Hirsi Ali emphasizes how Muslim women have no basic rights in their lives.
Life, the Universe and Everything is the third book in the five-volume Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy science fiction trilogy by British writer Douglas Adams.
The numerous maps were drafted by the artist Rafael Palacios.
The Lexicon was written in response to this.
The story is set in the fictional village of Wad Hamid, the same setting as Salih's famous Season of Migration to the North.
The novel touches on many topics, including addiction and recovery, suicide, family relationships, entertainment and advertising, film theory, U.S.–Canada relations, and tennis.
Kierkegaard uses the example of a man standing on the edge of a tall building or cliff.
Eugène, acknowledged as one of the prime movers in legitimizing the Emperor, has remained in Paris to further his quest for power.
In the book Roberts claims, "Brands are running out of juice".
Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, often simply called Bartlett's, is an American reference work that is the longest-lived and most widely distributed collection of quotations.
News of a Kidnapping is a non-fiction book by Gabriel García Márquez.
Flag in Exile is a science fiction novel by American writer David Weber, first published in 1995.
The diaries were authored by Samantha Weinberg under the pseudonym Kate Westbrook, who is depicted as the book's editor.
In addition to narrative prose, Melville uses styles and literary devices ranging from songs, poetry, and catalogs to Shakespearean stage directions, soliloquies, and asides.
The Noon Universe has been given its name by the fans after this book.
Gods and Generals is a novel which serves as a prequel to Michael Shaara's 1974 Pulitzer Prize-winning work about the Battle of Gettysburg, The Killer Angels.
The book has drawn criticism from historians.
Concluding is a novel by British writer Henry Green first published in 1948.
The children and the fish become more and more alarmed until the Cat produces a machine that he uses to clean everything up.
He promotes what he labels "The Character Ethic": aligning one's values with so-called "universal and timeless" principles.
Modern critics have made more subdued claims admiring Agnes Grey with a less overt praise of Brontë's work than Moore.
They simply believed that the gods used many devices as their instruments.
The novel has been adapted for opera, film and television.
The story was inspired by the archeological discovery of a 1st-century silver chalice in Antioch.
Verne was inspired by the real lighthouse at the Isla de los Estados, Argentina, near Tierra del Fuego and Cape Horn.
The Fallen Curtain is a short story collection by British writer Ruth Rendell.
The novel was a best-seller after it was first published, becoming the first novel of a genre that might be called "Bohemian".
The suggestion to base the story in ancient Egypt came from noted Egyptologist and family friend Stephen Glanville.
Pilgrim on the Hill was a lost, early, non-science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick.
This theory was taken as fact by the media and caused intense controversy over the psychological effects of role playing games.
The book was first published in 1984 by Bantam Books and later published by Random House.
Like its predecessor, The Caves of Steel, this is a whodunit story.
Roxana: The Fortunate Mistress is a 1724 novel by Daniel Defoe.
The UK edition retailed for twenty-five shillings.
Although the Confession and its accompanying documents were the product of the joint effort of the Six Johns, its authorship is customarily attributed to John Knox.
The story has inadvertently popularized the concept of ancient astronauts, as well as Antarctica's place in the "ancient astronaut mythology".
The Pratchett Portfolio is a small collection of the artistic works of Paul Kidby, illustrating the characters of Terry Pratchett's Discworld.
Each story takes a scientific "fact", and builds an imaginative story around it.
It was republished in 2001 with the title Bitter Harvest: The Great Betrayal.
First published in 1981, it was praised for its imitativeness and humour, but was also criticised for its underdeveloped plot and somewhat abrupt ending.
It was published in 1830, and is part of his Comédie Humaine.
The encyclopedia's chief editor is Sirajul Islam.
It is a sequel to The Burning City, set some years after that novel concluded.
In the prologue, he explains how he managed to get another story about Oz, even though it is isolated from all other worlds.
Their subject is a week in the life of someone ordinary to whom something extraordinary happens.
Between 1959 and 1973, the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams, Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
The title Nothing Feels Good is taken from an album by The Promise Ring, a representative band of the mid-1990s emo scene.
and was said to stand for "Society for Cutting Up Men".
By that time Saphira had been growing for a while and takes Eragon to the Spine after Ra'zac appear in their village Carvahall.
Have You Lived Before This Life is a non-fiction book published by L. Ron Hubbard in 1958.
It was released in the United States on September 12, 2006 by Pantheon Books.
Blackeyes is a multi-layered novel by British writer Dennis Potter, published in 1987 by Faber and Faber.
Misty of Chincoteague is a children's novel written by Marguerite Henry, illustrated by Wesley Dennis, and published by Rand McNally in 1947.
Ask for this great deliverer now, and find him
Actor John Krasinski of The Office has adapted and directed a film version on the "Brief Interviews" stories that was released in 2009.
The code layer is that which is controlled by computer programs.
It is an example of the superfluous man novel, noted for its compelling Byronic hero Pechorin and for the beautiful descriptions of the Caucasus.
...I said, "It was my job, Lou.
It was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction in 1979, and its first paperback edition won the Award the following year.
The title "Vacuum Diagrams" refers to the violation and reassertion of the uncertainty principle in our universe.
It contains a sentence of 13,955 words.
The Johnny Town-mouse character appeared in a 1971 ballet film, and the tale has been adapted to a BBC television animated series.
David Weber, author of the mainline Honor Harrington series, serves as editor for the anthologies, maintaining fidelity to the series canons.
Completed in 1966, the novel was distributed in Russia that year in samizdat, and banned there the following year.
It was written in 1979, and first published in 1980.
It is described in Coming on Strong: Gay Politics and Culture as containing lesbian erotica.
It was published in 1995 in the UK by Penguin Group.
In July 1879, Stevenson received word that his future American wife's divorce was almost complete, but that she was seriously ill.
One of Burroughs' shorter novels, the book utilizes characters from numerous earlier works, and also introduces characters that would re-appear later in the Burroughs canon.
The Grim Grotto is the eleventh novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket.
Narrated in the first person, it tells the story of Morvern, who wakes up near Christmas to find her boyfriend dead in the kitchen:
It was started as a derivative of the Oxford English Dictionary, although section S–Z had to be written before the Oxford English Dictionary reached that stage.
The book helped inspire a 1985 television movie Shadowlands, as well as a 1993 film of the same name.
The Iron Heel is a dystopian novel by American writer Jack London, first published in 1908.
Don't Stop the Carnival is a 1965 novel by American writer Herman Wouk.
Port of Saints is a novel by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs.
The Fortune of War contains lightly fictionalized accounts of two sea battles in the War of 1812.
... Not until 1939, when he began to take an active role in national affairs, did Rex acknowledge The President Vanishes as his own."
Kokoro is a novel by the Japanese author Natsume Sōseki.
The Butcher Boy won the 1992 Irish Times Irish Literature Prize for Fiction and was shortlisted for the 1992 Booker Prize.
The novel has been critically acclaimed, and has also become a New York Times Bestseller.
The book is dedicated to Dahl's late daughter, Olivia, who died of measles encephalitis at the age of seven in 1962.
The author and illustrator, Tony Diterlizzi, based this book on a poem by Mary Howitt originally written in 1829.
Despite its title, the book is fiction and a variation on the Ned Kelly story.
The three girls are descendants of the Ambrai line.
The action of the novel is narrated by Campbell himself.
There is also a 600 word 'Incomplete Glossary of Poetic Terms'.
Erekosë is one of the most frequently mentioned aspects of the hero in other books by Moorcock.
The novel explores themes of vice and virtue, as well as the influence of money on French society.
After Barnaby Rudge, Master Humphrey is left by himself by the chimney corner in a train of thoughts.
It was written in French under the title Les bouts de bois de Dieu.
The book is Foster's eighteenth published book, his fifth original novel, and is chronologically the third entry in the Pip and Flinx series.
Myths of the Near Future is a collection of science fiction short stories by British writer J. G. Ballard, first published in 1982.
Four to Score is the fourth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum.
Taken the inequality ingredient for granted, the crucial question becomes: inequality of what?
It was Abbey's third published novel and followed Jonathan Troy and The Brave Cowboy.
It was written while she was still a teenager, as a romance to amuse her friends.
The Lost Years is a work of literature by T. A. Barron, published by Penguin Group USA.
It is a sequel to his earlier book, In Search of Schrödinger's Cat.
He criticizes the cultural Left, which is exemplified by post-structuralists such as Michel Foucault and post-modernists such as Jean-François Lyotard.
Music for Chameleons is a collection of short fiction and non-fiction by the American author Truman Capote.
The book is full of implications and red herrings while there is no definitive answer as to what actually happened.
A film adaptation starring Christian Bale as Bateman was released in 2000 to generally favorable reviews.
Critics were pleased with Homer-Dixon's scholarship, straightforward presentation, and the book's breadth but some found the writing to have a self-indulgent quality.
The tale is told from several viewpoints.
A lot of it is just daydreams, where ...
Various evolutionary ideas had already been proposed to explain new findings in biology.
The hardcover edition was published by Doubleday in that same year.
Whether or not Seneca and Lucilius actually corresponded, scholars are largely of the opinion that Seneca created the work as a form of fiction.
Notes from Underground, also translated as Notes from the Underground or Letters from the Underworld, is an 1864 novella by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
Together with her, he embarks on a journey through the soaring heat of the Mojave desert.
Riders in the Chariot is the sixth published novel by Australian Author Patrick White, Nobel Prize winner of 1973.
Therefore, go forth, companion: when you find
The story deals with a man who awakens without memory in a strange land and journeys through it to find the woman he woke alongside.
It was also nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel and the Prometheus Award in 1990.
Other writers have disagreed with her, saying that metaphors and other symbolic language help affected people form meaning out of their experiences.
The Joiner King is a science fiction novel set in the Star Wars expanded universe.
A Rock and a Hard Place is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1988 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books.
Another evolution from the original folktale was written by Brendan Behan, published in Brendan Behan's Island, 1962, pp.
Three Hands in the Fountain is a 1997 historical mystery crime novel by Lindsey Davis and the ninth book of the Marcus Didius Falco Mysteries series.
A Feast for Crows was published months later, and the concurrent novel A Dance with Dragons was released on July 12, 2011.
The original 1935 edition was illustrated by Newbery-award winning author and illustrator Kate Seredy.
Monster Manual III is a manual published in 2004 by Wizards of the Coast, for use with the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
The Dying Days features the classic series monsters, the Ice Warriors and is strongly influenced by The War of the Worlds.
The plot centers on Chris, a man who dies then goes to Heaven, but descends into Hell to rescue his wife.
The story is told from the perspective of Lisse, a recent graduate of school.
It is the third in the Women of the Otherworld series featuring Paige Winterbourne.
It goes into detail what was happening during each decade and who the leading companies were during each time.
This collection was published in 1995 and is the first English translation for most of the tales.
It has not been published in English.
It was adapted as the 1995 TV series The Queen's Nose, which was a great success and ran for 7 series.
The novel was a finalist nominee for a Hugo Award, and shortlisted for the Locus Award in 1994.
An abridged paperback edition was released later.
He had completed it as mediaeval times when he died in 1988.
is a 1959 children's book by Dr. Seuss.
The book is based on "Dark Alliance", Webb's three-part investigative series published in the San Jose Mercury News in August 1996.
It also introduces the recurring character of Irving Braxiatel.
They form a naturalistic depiction of Irish middle class life in and around Dublin in the early years of the 20th century.
Merchant-Ivory produced an award-winning film adaptation in 1985.
Material with a low angle of repose forms flatter piles than material with a high angle of repose.
The title of the book is taken from the last line of the Langston Hughes poem "Dream Variations".
The novel was published in 1956 and is the second of her works to feature male homosexuality as a major theme.
The book, set principally in 2093, combines the popular science fiction themes of time travel, totalitarian dystopia, and the untapped potential of the human mind.
The novel centres on Bond's investigation into the disappearance in Jamaica of two fellow MI6 operatives.
It takes place prior to the Missing Adventure The Scales of Injustice by Gary Russell.
At least 20 publishers rejected the book before Geisel ran into an old college classmate, who had just become juvenile editor at Vanguard Press.
John Fullerton and Paul Sieveking chose the title under which the work appears in English.
Star Songs of an Old Primate is the third short story collection by Alice Sheldon.
The holarchy provides a coherent way of organizing knowledge and nature all together.
Many of the ideas presented were later expanded and refined in Galbraith's 1967 book, The New Industrial State.
Originally Lu Xun wrote the story under the name "Ba Ren", and so originally few people knew who wrote the novella.
The novel was awarded the Newbery Medal in 1990 as the previous year's "most distinguished contribution to American literature for children".
On April 9, 2004, a movie loosely based on the novel was released.
On one level it is a parody of a "blockbuster" novel, with the 81-year-old hero, Kenneth Toomey, telling the story of his life in 82 chapters.
Queen: The Story of an American Family is a 1993 partly factual historical novel by Alex Haley and David Stevens.
The majority of the book is divided into four short stories by different writers and artists from the computer game and comic industries.
Early parts of the book examine Ireland before Patrick and the role of Saint Augustine of Canterbury.
The desire had been to hold the service on the actual hallowed grounds but the Vietnam Veteran demonstrators were locked out of Arlington.
Each volume is named after the parts of Dante's The Divine Comedy.
The 13 Clocks is a fantasy tale written by James Thurber and illustrator Marc Simont in 1950, while he was completing one of his other novels.
Heinlein's depiction of gender has also been questioned, while reviewers have said that the terms used to describe the aliens were akin to racial epithets.
          Y
It is the first novel of the original Bourne Trilogy, which also includes The Bourne Supremacy and The Bourne Ultimatum.
Shadow of a Bull is a novel by Maia Wojciechowska that was awarded the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1965.
Dogs Don't Tell Jokes is a novel by acclaimed children's book author Louis Sachar.
Each part is preceded by a parable relating to the game.
Several of the stories are fictionalized portrayals of Atwood's contemporaries in Canadian literature.
It is to the state what the United States Code is to the federal government.
Mystery of the Desert Giant is Volume 40 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.
I Can Read With My Eyes Shut!
Although the novel is fiction, it is based on real life experiences of people who have worked with feral children.
A Murder of Quality is the second novel by John le Carré.
Business Dynamics is a book by John Sterman that applies system dynamics to business.
The Conqueror Worms is a post-apocalyptic themed horror novel written by author Brian Keene.
The Wee Free Men is a 2003 comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett, which takes place in his Discworld setting.
Coupland revisited many of the ideas in Microserfs in his 2006 novel JPod, which has been labeled "Microserfs for the Google generation".
The Years of Rice and Salt won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 2003.
I can just have these thoughts that are uncontrolled by common logic, and then I start to see things in a different way.
Foremost of the watercolour artists who executed the original paintings were two Indian artists, Vishnupersaud, responsible for 114 plates and Gorachand for 87.
The essays were previously published elsewhere, including in Esquire and The Paris Review.
My Education: A Book of Dreams is the final novel by William S. Burroughs to be published before his death in 1997.
The first paperback release in 1980 changed the setting date to 1985.
TIME included the novel in its 2005 list of the 100 best English-language novels published since 1923.
It was published in 2003 by Zelazny's estate eight years after Zelazny's death.
In Red Scarf Girl, Ji-li was at the top of her class and the da-dui-zhang, or Student Council President, of her school.
The preface to the first American edition of the novel was written by Theodore Sturgeon.
However, Harold Bloom defended this poem in his book-length study of Yeats, and concludes that it deserves reconsideration.
I had not the faintest notion what I had let myself in for by buying Phantastes."
London spent almost a year in the Yukon collecting material for the book.
It is the 9th in the series in the original Puffin series and 10th in the modern Wizard series.
The UK edition retailed at eighteen shillings and the US edition at $4.50.
In 1941, the novel received the British literary award, the Hawthornden Prize.
The novel's most controversial character is Roark's lover, Dominique Francon.
The original version of this book was shortened in 1970 by Priscilla Baker-Carr, resulting in two different stories with the same title.
Hodgson also published a much shorter version of the novel, entitled The Dream of X.
It was dictated to his wife in the evenings as he worked at Rothamsted Research in the day.
In 1933 Szilárd conceived the idea of neutron chain reaction, and filed for patents on it in 1934.
First to Fight is the first book in the StarFist series, by David Sherman and Dan Cragg.
The English translation was published in 1972.
In 2006, a sequel, Forged in the Fire, was published.
Lungbarrow is an original novel written by Marc Platt and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The 120 Days of Sodom, or the School of Libertinage is a novel by the French writer and nobleman Donatien Alphonse François, Marquis de Sade.
The narrator's father, Atticus Finch, has served as a moral hero for many readers and as a model of integrity for lawyers.
It was adapted into the 2002 film We Were Soldiers.
Kevin Padian, a biologist at University of California, Berkeley reviewed the book and called it "a wholesale distortion of modern biology".
Apart from the fact that both Waitkus and fictional Hobbs were shot by women, there are few if any other similarities.
The novel follows the ill-fated military campaign by a repressive state, the New Republic, to retaliate for a perceived invasion of one of its colony worlds.
Hear the Wind Sing is the first novel by Japanese writer Haruki Murakami.
Lyra's Oxford is set when Lyra Belacqua is 15, two years after the end of the trilogy.
My Cat Likes to Hide in Boxes is a very popular New Zealand children’s book, which has also attained popularity in the United Kingdom and Canada.
His diary is a good source on the practice of popular Buddhism in China.
Highly concerned with the implications of the case, Yongzheng had Zeng Jing brought to Beijing for trial.
Published in 1992, it continues the adventures of Lestat, specifically his efforts to regain his lost humanity during the late 20th century.
It is offered from the perspective of how not to design systems, based on system engineering failures.
He also carries on his examination of information density and its move ‘steadily westward’ which he touched upon in the second volume of the series.
Several of the stories had already appeared in the magazines The New Yorker, Playboy, and The Magazine before this compilation was published.
It was compiled for the Young Adult sections of libraries.
Dawkins addresses the misperception that science and art are at odds.
The book's 6th edition was independently cited as a key influence by both Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace in developing the theory of natural selection.
Bette's relationship with Valérie is also seen as an important exploration of homoerotic themes.
"The Good War": An Oral History of World War II is a telling of the oral history of World War II written by Studs Terkel.
They call him "godfather," and he takes one of his "godchildren," Tadeu, under his wing to help him pursue an engineering degree.
A second, extensively revised edition was published in 1900.
It describes the return of Jondalar to his homeland along with Ayla.
A pitch that misses the strike zone is called a ball(only if batter doesn't swing).
It was followed by Because the Night and Suicide Hill.
It was first published in serial form in the Cornhill Magazine in 1860, then in book form in 1861.
Rabbit Hill is a children's novel by Robert Lawson that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1945.
An Actor Prepares is the first of Konstantin Stanislavski's books on acting, followed by Building a Character and Creating a Role.
Additional new plot threads include material based on the proposed militarization of space and the eventual participation of Ireland and Sweden in the war.
Despite the unconventional style, the book is still considered a hallmark of campaign journalism and helped to launch Thompson's role as a popular political observer.
While labelling of these poems as "elegies" would typically imply melancholy and lamentation, many passages are marked by their positive energy and "unrestrained enthusiasm."
The Murder Room of the title refers to a room displaying relics of murders that occurred during these years.
Wraith Squadron is the fifth of ten books in the Star Wars: X-wing series of novels.
The book is an expanded version of Plimpton's two-part series which appeared in back-to-back issues of Sports Illustrated in September 1964.
That gave the book an unusual feel, as did the comic tone of much of Gracie's dialogue.
In the story, magic is a commonplace profession used by businessmen in various fields.
          r
Dick and Clara are good comrades and the married lovers who aid Morris in his wanderings.
It first appeared in fourteen parts published in Cornhill Magazine from July 1862 to August 1863.
Much of the content provided in the book can also be used for Google Hacking — finding security issues through Google searches.
The Night of the Triffids is a science fiction novel by British writer Simon Clark, published in 2001.
When She Was Good is Philip Roth's only novel with a female protagonist.
Originally expected to have been published around March 2012, the book was delayed several times, and the hardcover edition was eventually released on January 8, 2013.
It is her personal account of her experiences during the Khmer Rouge years.
The book was a bestseller in the United Kingdom and has been published in 15 different languages.
This literary pastiche is meant as an honourable homage to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and one that had the approval of the Doyle estate.
Its plot has been used and parodied in various media and its best known line is an idiom of popular culture.
The Plague is a novel by Albert Camus, published in 1947, that tells the story of a plague sweeping the French Algerian city of Oran.
Holly and Gerry being the protagonists, this book reached the best-seller status quite early.
A number of the female characters in the novel are highly sexualized in ways that, according to critics, represent racial stereotypes.
Civilization and Its Discontents is a book by Sigmund Freud.
This book is believed to be one of the primary sources used by William Shakespeare in the production of Macbeth.
It was the eleventh and last book of the series to be published, but it is fourth in chronological sequence.
At the end of each of the eight chapters is one of the housekeeper's songs, her insightful commentary on what is happening.
Most of the essays originally appeared in The Objectivist Newsletter.
It is about a young boy named Lucas Nickle, who is the title character in the book and who likes to torment ants.
This book was a Pulitzer Prize Finalist.
Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist is Alexander Berkman's account of his experience in prison in Western Penitentiary of Pennsylvania, in Pittsburgh, from 1892 to 1906.
It is one of several science guides by Asimov.
It is a continuation of the 1980 The Third Wave, which itself is a sequel to Future Shock.
The novel was well received, and Donoso himself considered it his best work: "the most perfect, with fewest errors, the most complete".
After Abdu's visa is refused, the couple returns to his unnamed homeland, where she is the alien.
The Encyclopedia features highly detailed information about characters, planets, technologies and ships of the Star Trek franchise as well as brief episode and film synopses.
Castex has described The Devil In Love as "the very initiator of the modern fantasy story".
Originally serialized in Pearson's Weekly in 1897, it was published as a novel the same year.
The Lonely Silver Rain is the 21st and final novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.
The Skull Beneath The Skin is a 1982 detective novel by P. D. James, featuring her female private detective Cordelia Gray.
First published in Great Britain in 1997, the book presents Johnson's view of American history from Colonial America to the end of the twentieth century.
"No American Negro exists", James Baldwin once wrote, "who does not have his private Bigger Thomas living in his skull."
the smallest group, founders who had left their Judeo-Christian heritages and become advocates of the Enlightenment religion of nature and reason called "Deism".
The central plot revolves around a young boy who is having terrible nightmares until the Doctor shows up and offers his help...
Brave New World is a novel written in 1931 by Aldous Huxley, and published in 1932.
In 2003, DAW re-released the book in an omnibus edition, At the Edge of Space along with Cherryh's 1976 novel Brothers of Earth.
The Boys from Brazil is a thriller novel by Ira Levin.
An English translation was published in 2000.
The expression "Lord", for example, is rare in VU hymns, although it can be found, and there are also hymns that envision God in female terms.
Nearly all of The Railway Series stories were based upon real-life events.
Tagore received the Nobel Prize for Literature, largely for the book.
Although the family's difficulties increase when the father is imprisoned for stealing a ham from work, the boy still hungers for an education.
It describes the interactions of intellectuals, political activists, bacchanalian workers, and other Harlem characters.
N. R. Ray used Bode's edited Pali text as the main source for his 1946 Introduction to the Study of Theravāda Buddhism in Burma.
The Peacekeepers is a Star Trek: The Next Generation novel by Gene DeWeese.
For the 2001 Doctor Who audio story, see The Stones of Venice
Believing there is something behind the murder, he seeks to uncover the truth and finds an international conspiracy of corrupt bureaucracy and pharmaceutical money.
The books take place 16 years after Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
Originally, the novel was published as a serialization in Harper's Magazine beginning in April 1895.
Troubled Sleep is a 1949 novel by Jean-Paul Sartre.
Both talk, argue and quote their own content frequently, exhibiting human-like intelligence to such degree that it seems certain they could easily pass the Turing test.
But as one of its aphorisms reads, "The splinter in your eye is the best magnifying glass."
Systema Naturae is one of the major works of the Swedish botanist, zoologist and physician Carl Linnaeus and introduced the Linnaean taxonomy.
Waterless Mountain is a novel by Laura Adams Armer that was awarded the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1932.
Jacques Barzun provided the lengthy introduction, "The Art and Appeal of the Ghostly and Ghastly".
The Homecoming saga is a fictionalization of the first few hundred years recorded in the Book of Mormon.
Faulkner's great-grandfather William Clark Falkner, himself a colonel in the American Civil War, served as the model for Colonel John Sartoris.
Apart from the Bible, no book has been translated into more languages than the Imitation of Christ.
Barlowe's Inferno details artist/author Wayne Barlowe's imaginary journey to a unique and vivid depiction of Hell.
This story also features the Saint's first direct dealings with Insp.
Seen through the eyes of idealistic scientist Leo Kall, Kallocain is a depiction of a totalitarian world state.
Return from the Stars is a science fiction novel by Polish author Stanisław Lem.
My Disillusionment in Russia is a book by Emma Goldman, published in 1923 by Doubleday, Page & Co.
The women's relatively comfortable lives end after Jefferson's death.
The Loveday Loyalty is the seventh book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
Murder Being Once Done is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell, first published in 1972.
develop their spiritual energy into conscience – their inward moral sense of what is right and wrong and their drive towards meaning and contribution.
In 1836, Ralph Waldo Emerson started a movement known as Transcendentalism.
While not a sequel to Gaiman's previous novel American Gods, the character of Mr. Nancy appears in both books.
One of the longest fictions he had yet attempted, the smoothly narrated story shows that James was rapidly maturing in style and technique.
Warhost of Vastmark is the second half of Arc II of The Wars of Light and Shadow.
It has sold over two million copies.
Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright, it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.
It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1983.
Force Heretic: Remnant is the first novel in a three-part story by Sean Williams and Shane Dix.
One Across, Two Down is a psychological suspense novel by British writer Ruth Rendell.
Mishima did much research to prepare for this novel, including visiting locations recorded in the book and searching for information on the Shinpūren Rebellion.
The Red Tree, written and illustrated by Shaun Tan, is a picture book that presents a fragmented journey through a dark world.
It was also meant to directly influence various currents of thought at the time regarding the tactics to bring about socialism.
The book, published in 1941, was "the first attempt by a big-name American journalist to shed light on what was really happening in Nazi Germany."
The Antiquary is a novel by Sir Walter Scott about several characters including an antiquary: an amateur historian, archaeologist and collector of items of dubious antiquity.
It features the Seventh Doctor, Ace and Bernice.
The Cat Ate My Gymsuit is a young adult novel written by Paula Danziger.
The book was reissued in 1986 and 1999.
The location and ultimate fate of the Hanging Gardens are unknown, and there is speculation that they may not have existed at all.
In Dubious Battle is a novel by John Steinbeck, written in 1936.
Thief of Time is the 26th Discworld novel, written by Terry Pratchett.
The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences is a 1966 book by the French philosopher Michel Foucault.
It features the Fifth Doctor and Peri.
In 2005, the novel was chosen by Time magazine as one of the one hundred best English-language novels from 1923 to present.
Abraham in History and Tradition is a book by biblical scholar John Van Seters.
Blades of the Tiger is a fantasy novel set in the Dragonlance setting, based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
Situations and individuals from both "Gulf" and "Jerry Was a Man" are examined in Friday.
According to Spengler, the meaningful units for history are not epochs but whole cultures which evolve as organisms.
A Short History of Progress is a non-fiction book and lecture series by Ronald Wright about societal collapse.
Robur the Conqueror is a science fiction novel by Jules Verne, published in 1886.
Beetle in the Anthill is a 1979 sci-fi novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky set in the Noon Universe.
It evolved from an earlier technical report, by the same name, published internally at Bell Labs.
In 1669 Locke co-authored the Fundamental Constitutions of Carolina, which endorses aristocracy, slavery and serfdom.
It also ran as a serial in McClure's, giving Cather some free time from her work for that magazine.
Rowley was born in 1948 in Lynn, Massachusetts to an American mother and an English father.
It contains seventeen volumes and thousands of entries written by scholars around the world.
It also gives detailed accounts of Woodward's secret meetings with his source Deep Throat whose identity was kept hidden for over 30 years.
Further, it was close to the Perkins Institution and Massachusetts Asylum for the Blind where Dickens encountered Laura Bridgman, who impressed him greatly.
It was published by Gollancz as the 26th volume of their Fantasy Masterworks series.
For Whom the Bell Tolls is a novel by Ernest Hemingway published in 1940.
The Cetinje Octoechos is an Orthodox liturgical book printed in 1494 in Cetinje, the capital of the Principality of Zeta.
The Grimm Brothers' story is an adaptation of the fairy tale Rapunzel by Friedrich Schulz published in 1790.
Two of the stories by King, "Sneakers" and "Dedication", were later included in his 1993 anthology Nightmares & Dreamscapes.
While the original hardcover edition of this book included the two novels, some paperback editions have included only the eight short stories.
The Klingon Dictionary is a book by Marc Okrand describing the Klingon language.
After seven years "the characters were as close to me as my own family.
"Nuit of the Living Dead" - a late night encounter at home in rural France
Other fixtures are White House advisers such as Karen Hughes and Karl Rove.
Throughout the book Kepesh fights with himself.
When True Night Falls, published in 1993 by DAW Books is a fantasy novel by Celia S. Friedman.
It features the First Doctor, Ian, Barbara, and Vicki.
In 2012, rumors of a third novel sequel surfaced.
But then, of course, the farmers find themselves in a vicious spiral.
It was first published in 1953 by The Viking Press.
Alternately slow moving and fast paced, it focuses on four anthropomorphised animals in a pastoral version of Edwardian England.
A variable star is a star whose brightness as seen from Earth fluctuates.
It consists of four trilogies, plus four additional books, and other books related to the universe.
Hacking: The Art of Exploitation is a book by Jon "Smibbs" Erickson about computer security and network security.
Eventually a popular success, the book had eighteen editions and was translated into seven languages.
Bloomability is a children's book by Sharon Creech, first published in 1998.
The book is dedicated to King's mother: "For my mother, Ruth Pillsbury King."
DOMA was invalidated by the Supreme Court in United States v. Windsor.
Sampson's book was published in 1999, five years after Mandela's autobiography, Long Walk to Freedom.
It collects 115 ‘articles’ on Maqiao village life from the perspective of a young student sent there by the Down to the Countryside Movement.
The main character Jack Spratt is based on Jack Sprat, and the secondary character is Mary Mary, both from nursery rhymes.
Caine played Palmer in two later films, Bullet to Beijing and Midnight in Saint Petersburg.
In the U.S. it was a Newbery Honor Book.
After a swamp deer is murdered, his father believes Grady's dog is responsible, but Grady is convinced a werewolf is the culprit.
It features the Eighth Doctor, Sam and Iris Wildthyme.
Theory and Practice of Muslim State in India is a book by historian K. S. Lal published by Aditya Prakashan in 1999.
It is a famous example of an Incunable.
The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight is a 1969 novel written by Jimmy Breslin.
She was also influenced to release the papers by her annoyance with Soviet reports that her father's ideas were being suppressed in the United States.
It starred Fess Parker, Joanne Dru, James MacArthur, and Wendell Corey; Lawrence Edward Watkin, Paul J. Smith, and Hazel George composed the title song.
The Shrinking of Treehorn is a children's book by Florence Parry Heide, illustrated by Edward Gorey and first published in 1971.
The series is set in war-torn Europe during the middle of the Thirty Years' War.
This Oz mystery starts in the small, poor kingdom of Skampavia, where King Skamperoo wishes for a horse using enchanted emerald necklaces.
The Chrysanthemum and the Sword: Patterns of Japanese Culture is a 1946 study of Japan by American anthropologist Ruth Benedict.
The book debuted at #3 on the New York Times Best Seller List on November 7, 1999 and reached #1 on December 5.
The Last Dragonlord is the first in a series of books written by Joanne Bertin.
The Universe in a Nutshell is a 2001 book about theoretical physics by Stephen Hawking.
The work relates the tale of the young Arthur Gordon Pym, who stows away aboard a whaling ship called the Grampus.
The novel revolves around the Idiran-Culture War, and Banks plays on that theme by presenting various microcosms of that conflict.
"A Grand Tour" by David Drake: A story with few links to any other in the Honorverse setting.
The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace.
L'œuvre was translated into English by Ernest A. Vizetelly in 1886; other translations have appeared since.
The children find an egg in the carpet, which hatches into a talking Phoenix.
The essay deals with antisemitism and how Jews react to it.
It was published on August 29, 2001.
Ransome had often climbed Old Man of Coniston and in the book, this becomes the children's Kanchenjunga.
The novel sold 20,000-30,000 copies, making it a strong commercial success and bestseller.
Set in the fictional universe of Bujold's Vorkosigan Saga, the novel mentions but does not feature her usual protagonist Miles Vorkosigan.
A second sequel, Merde Happens, was published in the UK in 2007 and was released in the US in the summer of 2008.
It is also a take off of the famous song "Knees Up Mother Brown".
The book follows the continuing adventures of Jonathan Thomas Meriweather who is transported from our world into a land of talking animals and magic.
Scary Godmother is a series of children's books and comic books created by artist Jill Thompson and published by Sirius Entertainment in 1997.
Farmer "put in a lot of references to literature and fictional authors...
A list of the individual fairy tales and the year in which they were written follows.
In 1997 it was awarded the French Prix Médicis Étranger prize for best foreign novel.
For example, Ted Leo played Minor Threat and Titus Andronicus played The Replacements.
Considered wide in scope, elaborate in its imagery, and meticulous in its detail, the novel covers themes such as God, sex, love, gender and death.
Mother of Pearl is a novel by Melinda Haynes, and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection, June 1999.
It was first published in 1970, and is the 5th entry in her popular Inspector Wexford series.
It is the first part of the Southern Victory saga, which depicts a world in which the Confederacy won the American Civil War.
It has also been translated into Italian.
Among the book's many tropes and themes are those of loss, subjectivity, the nature of art and the problem of perception.
It is a report on a qualitative study in which Moody interviewed 150 people who had undergone near-death experiences.
His landlord is modelled on his real-life landlord Stephen Tennant, a 1920s socialite and a "bright young thing" who is also the model for the Hon.
The separate storylines are out of sequence so the timeline develops along with the plot.
The book was banned in Thailand before publication, and the Thai authorities have blocked local access to websites advertising the book.
The book is currently published by Waveland Press Inc.
It was substantially revised and expanded for publication as a book under the title The Intrusion of Jimmy, by W.J.
Though he aims to protect Nick, a murder happens provoking Poirot to mount a serious investigation.
Gil Blas is a picaresque novel by Alain-René Lesage published between 1715 and 1735.
The French translation won the French Prix du Meilleur Livre Étranger and the Italian version the Premio Grinzane Cavour in 2002.
A revised edition was published in 2017.
Burning Tower is a fantasy novel by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle.
The novel does not feature le Carré's most famous character George Smiley.
Arthur Schopenhauer cited Don Quixote as one of the four greatest novels ever written, along with Tristram Shandy, La Nouvelle Héloïse, and Wilhelm Meister.
The Lords of the North is the third historical novel in the Saxon Stories by Bernard Cornwell published in 2006.
The Pilgrim's Regress is a book of allegorical fiction by C. S. Lewis.
It has also won a George G. Stone Center Recognition of Merit, a Georgia Children's Book Award, and is a Reading Rainbow book.
Written between November 1934 and February 1935, it was first published in the June 1936 issue of Astounding Stories.
Tales from the Empire is an anthology of short stories set in the fictional Star Wars universe.
Do not write about us; or, writing, remember only what we were"?
The Hardy Boys Detective Handbook is a special volume in the original Hardy Boys book series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
The Valley of the Squinting Windows is a novel by Brinsley MacNamara, set in the fictional village of Garradrimna, in central Ireland.
This volume follows the deepening hostilities in between the inhabitants of the valley and the Rat Creatures and their allies.
The bears were based on toy bears owned by Tolkien's sons.
City of the Beasts is the first young adult novel by Chilean-American writer Isabel Allende.
Romulus, My Father is a biographical memoir, first published in 1998, written by the Australian philosopher Raimond Gaita.
Originally written in French, it first appeared as a series of articles in the anarchist journals Le Révolté and La Révolte.
The Sacred Art of Stealing is a satirical crime novel by the Scottish writer Christopher Brookmyre.
Framley Parsonage is the fourth novel in Anthony Trollope's series known as the Chronicles of Barsetshire.
Marcuse reinterpreted Hegel, with the aim of demonstrating that Hegel's basic concepts are hostile to the tendencies that led to fascism.
The book has also been used as the basis for academic articles on a variety of topics, including economics, Christianity, feminism, and adoption.
Stuart Little was illustrated by the subsequently award-winning artist Garth Williams, also his first work for children.
The autobiographical thread is a collection of uncertain memories, as well as descriptions of photos which preserve moments from Perec's childhood.
The Malazan world was co-created by Steven Erikson and Ian Cameron Esslemont in the early 1980s as a backdrop to their GURPS roleplaying campaign.
The Jade Peony is a novel by Wayson Choy.
Nothing But the Truth: A Documentary Novel is a 1992 novel written by Avi.
Democracy: The God That Failed is a 2001 book by Hans-Hermann Hoppe, containing a series of thirteen essays on the subject of democracy.
The critical reception from the late 20th century onward has been controversial.
It was first published in 1997, and re-published in 2001, 2006, and in 2008 as a 10th anniversary movie tie-in edition.
However, tales of missing ships, although promoted by Berlitz, existed prior to the book's publication.
The Perilous Gard is an American young adult novel by Elizabeth Marie Pope, published in 1974.
The numerous woodcuts and detailed descriptions of machinery made it a practical reference for those wishing to replicate the latest in mining technology.
As Kostova explains, "Dracula is a metaphor for the evil that is so hard to undo in history."
The texts have similar multiple openings and conclusions in common with their intertext, Story of O.
It is the sequel to The Matarese Circle.
This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by James Duncan Lawrence in 1957.
The now commonplace term 'quark'- a subatomic particle - originates from Finnegans Wake.
Streatfeild goes into lucid detail about the history that the coca leaf had with the Native Americans and their Spanish overlords.
Others saw The General in His Labyrinth as a tonic for Latin American culture and a challenge to the region to deal with its problems.
Soul Harvest: The World Takes Sides is the fourth book in the Left Behind series.
Skinny Legs and All, novelist Tom Robbins' fifth book, was published in 1990 by Bantam Books.
It is the first part of the Condor Trilogy and is followed by The Return of the Condor Heroes and The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber.
The Man Who Loved Only Numbers is a biography of the famous mathematician Paul Erdős written by Paul Hoffman.
The poem ends with an acceptance that pleasure cannot last and that death is an inevitable part of life.
The Hill of Dreams is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Arthur Machen.
Wild Ducks Flying Backward is a book by Tom Robbins, published on August 30, 2005.
The book tells the story of the Baudelaire orphans, as they are sent to live with a distant relative named Montgomery Montgomery.
Out From Boneville is the first story-arc in the Bone series.
On the planet Tyree, a life-rich gas giant inhabited by intelligent beings resembling manta rays or cuttlefish which ride the air currents of its vast atmosphere.
It was followed by Bang the Drum Slowly, A Ticket for a Seamstitch, and It Looked Like For Ever.
Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey Across the Last Himalayan Kingdom is a gigantic 2003 book composed of photographs taken on four trips through Bhutan.
It features the Ninth Doctor and Rose Tyler.
It was first published in 1931 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene, and was ghostwritten by Mildred Wirt Benson.
A Damsel in Distress is a 1937 English-themed Hollywood musical comedy film starring Fred Astaire, Joan Fontaine, George Burns, and Gracie Allen.
Marching Through Georgia is the first of four books of S. M. Stirling's alternate history series, The Domination.
In the face of criticism of his portrayals of women and Afro-Brazilian culture, Jorge Amado declared: "It is not a question of literary pride.
The book is Nietzsche's first in the aphoristic style that would come to dominate his writings, discussing a variety of concepts in short paragraphs or sayings.
Bean, who also wrote six of the volumes and was published between 1920 and 1942.
He is also able to send out other "viewpoints", controlled with his "psi" powers, of which he has more power than anyone else he's ever met.
Zelazny did just that and then went on to win a Hugo Award for the story.
His relatives gather after his funeral for the reading of his will, during which his sister states that he was murdered.
From the Earth to the Moon and Around the Moon served as the basis for the film A Trip to the Moon.
Another key figure throughout is Orson Welles.
It gives a fictionalized account of his journey to Ireland in 1953-1954 to write a screen adaptation of the novel Moby-Dick with director John Huston.
Mrs. Tiggy-winkle became a popular character and the subject of considerable merchandise over the decades including nursery ware and porcelain figurines.
It was the fourth in the Acorna Universe series initiated by McCaffrey and Margaret Ball in Acorna: The Unicorn Girl.
This publication contrasts former political works by Locke himself.
Although it was written as well as published first in the series, it is volume two in recent editions, which are sequenced by the stories' chronology.
A semi-formal garden of archways and flowerbeds in Wales at the home of her uncle and aunt became the background for the illustrations.
It is one of the canonical texts of Scientology.
With 93 photos, the book tells readers how the film was made and describes the Golden Era of moviemaking in the 1930s and 1940s at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Comparable practices are part of Zoroastrian burial practices where deceased are exposed to the elements and birds of prey on stone structures called Dakhma.
This provides a year round beachside look that is so desirable that comfort may be thrown aside”.
With Child is the third novel in the Kate Martinelli series by Laurie R. King.
Superior Saturday, like many books of the Keys to the Kingdom series, was first released in Australia, being released in early June 2008.
It is suitable for making porridge, dessert, traditional Chinese black rice cake, bread, and noodles.
The Hidden Hitler is a 2001 book by German professor and historian Lothar Machtan.
The first and best-known of Hoffer's books, The True Believer has been published in 23 editions between 1951 and 2002.
It is the seventh book in their series about Martin Beck.
In 2002 its screen adaptation was broadcast as the first episode of season one in The Inspector Lynley Mysteries, a BBC TV series.
Midnight Runner is a novel by Jack Higgins published in 2002.
It details the misadventure of protagonist Felix Nasmyth, who plans to get rich by illegally growing marijuana.
Writer of the Purple Rage is a collection of short works by American author Joe R. Lansdale, published in 1994.
The book, published in 1941, is considered one of the metafictional books in the series, along with Peter Duck and perhaps Great Northern?.
The peculiar nature of this knowledge, Kant argues, cries out for explanation.
However, in an interview with the New York Times, Jarrell stated that "Benton is supposed to be just a type ...
In preparation for decimalisation on 15 February 1971, it was concurrently priced on the dustjacket at £1.25.
The 2010 children's novel by Ron Hardman and Jessica Hardman tells the story of Paul Revere's Midnight Ride at the start of the American Revolution.
Things My Girlfriend And I Have Argued About is a novel by English writer Mil Millington.
It was first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in July 1908.
It has been compared to William Shakespeare's Othello as well as Leo Tolstoy's War and Peace.
The story continues Candy’s journey in the extraordinary world of the Abarat with familiar friends and new foes.
Heaven's Reach is a science fiction novel by American writer David Brin, the third book in the Uplift Storm series.
However, his work on mythography and psychological operations is taking a heavy toll on him; his fall culminates in him stabbing his own son, Martin.
The book used the World3 model to simulate the consequence of interactions between the Earth's and human systems.
The pieces include posthumously published works, and a "posthumous collaboration".
For the film based on the novel, see Child of God
The Only Witness by Jude Watson is the seventeenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice.
It's an odd, sometimes melodramatic tale of how protagonist Roger Lawrence adopts an orphaned twelve-year-old girl, Nora Lambert, and raises her as his eventual bride-to-be.
The bulk of these writings would become the "core set of writings".
The Curse of Chalion is a 2001 fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold.
This is considered a "normal" result of automatic writing and is considerably more logical than the output from other Surrealist techniques, such as "exquisite corpse".
In a 'rant' near the end of the book he states: "I think that much poetry today suffers from anaemia.
Principles of Political Economy is Ricardo's effort to fill that gap in the literature.
Hidden Ivies: Thirty Colleges of Excellence is a college educational guide published in 2000.
The story first appeared in abridged form in The American Magazine, as "The Judas Picture".
Its German title is Die Frau im Mond, which means "the woman in the moon".
It centres on Morgan's assault and sacking of Panama City, and the woman fairer than the sun reputed to be found there.
The Recognitions, is the first novel by American author William Gaddis.
The text was influential on other Hindu texts that followed, such as the sections on king, governance and legal procedures included in Manusmriti.
PopCo was a 2004 book of the year in Time Out and The Independent on Sunday
Adapted by John Ainsworth, it featured both Colin Baker and Nicola Bryant reprising their television roles of the Sixth Doctor and Peri respectively.
The recent movie by the same name is equally embarrassing, not so much to anarchists as to the industry that produced it."
The story follows his battle to practice modern architecture while opposed by an establishment centered on tradition.
O'Reilly went on to publish other Cookbooks inspired by the Perl Cookbook's format, including Java Cookbook, Python Cookbook, CSS Cookbook, and PHP Cookbook.
The Man Who Planted Trees is an allegorical tale by French author Jean Giono, published in 1953.
Birds may eat it or nature may cause it to decompose.
F. Scott Fitzgerald said, "I'd rather have written Nostromo than any other novel."
The smaller trivia books on "lasts" by Christopher Slee have a treatment that is almost exclusively limited to the United Kingdom.
Inexcusable is a 2005 novel written by Chris Lynch in the young adult genre.
The book was edited by Glenn O'Brien and was released on October 21, 1992, by Warner Books, Maverick and Callaway Books.
Toco-Rey has all the elements of an Indiana Jones tale mixed up with Stephen King fantasy/horror and tied up with a good dose of religion.
In this novel, Anderson continued his use of new psychological insights to explore his characters.
What if in the absence of a rigorous way to practice such accounting, companies started to act as if such principles were in force.
The novel circulated in manuscript as early as 1596, and may have undergone revision up to its first printed edition in 1610.
The text printed in Life and Letters was edited by Darwin's son Francis Darwin, who removed several passages about Darwin's critical views of God and Christianity.
It then appeared under his name in the anthology Klingsors letzter Sommer in 1920.
When HARLIE Was One is a 1972 science fiction novel by American writer David Gerrold.
The book is about growing up during the Great Depression, that meant growing up fast as young Josh soon learned.
In 2008, the book was adapted as an animated film of the same name.
Kierkegaard called this our "dizziness of freedom."
Seabiscuit: An American Legend is a non-fiction book written by Laura Hillenbrand, published in 2001.
It has been considered as potentially one of the first murder mysteries and is indeed often viewed as a crime thriller or Gothic fiction.
Freedom in Exile: The Autobiography of the Dalai Lama is the second autobiography of the 14th Dalai Lama, released in 1991.
The Clansman: A Historical Romance of the Ku Klux Klan is a novel published in 1905.
To Conquer Chaos is a 1964 science fiction novel by John Brunner.
Its full title is Dealings with the Firm of Dombey and Son: Wholesale, Retail and for Exportation.
Back to the Moon was Homer Hickam's first book-length fiction, published in June 1999.
It was published in hardcover posthumously with a shortened title in 1988.
The saga follows a young man named Simon as he is caught up in an epic adventure.
The book takes place in 1993 with Saddam Hussein planning to retaliate against the United States after the events of the Gulf War.
Caidin wrote the prose of the book, basing its contents on journalist Fred Saito's extensive interviews with Sakai as well as on Sakai's own memoirs.
It has been described as "one of the greatest childhood classics of all time."
Commitment Hour follows the day leading up to the main character's hour of commitment.
This was the first Fighting Fantasy book to be written by an author other than the co-creators of the series.
She has since completed a trilogy of spin-offs concerning the mercenary team Mag Force 7 introduced in King's Sacrifice.
A further revised edition was published in 2001 in time for The Lord of the Rings film trilogy.
It is the fourth of Jones' five book "Bold as Love" sequence.
Mother Goose in Prose is a collection of twenty-two children's stories based on Mother Goose nursery rhymes.
The story follows Roy Hobbs, a baseball prodigy whose career is sidetracked when he is shot by a woman whose motivation remains mysterious.
Jock of the Bushveld is a true story by South African author Sir James Percy FitzPatrick.
It was published by WWE Books and distributed by Simon & Schuster in July 2004.
Dragons of Spring Dawning is the third book in the Dragonlance Chronicles series, written by Tracy Hickman and Margaret Weis.
On January 4, 1960, at the age of forty-six, Camus was killed in a car accident in the Luberon area in southern France.
No One Writes to the Colonel is a novella written by the Colombian novelist and Nobel Prize in Literature winner Gabriel García Márquez.
Potter elaborated its setting and storyline, and developed the tale more fully before publication.
WorldCat reports that Howl's Moving Castle is the author's work most widely held in participating libraries, followed by its first sequel Castle in the Air.
He convinced himself, on puritan grounds, that it was wrong to be a puritan."
The title of the book comes from Act 4, Scene 1 of William Shakespeare's Macbeth, when the second witch says:
The Facts of Death, first published in 1998, was the third novel by Raymond Benson featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent, James Bond.
Star Wars: Heir to the Empire is a 1991 Star Wars novel by Timothy Zahn, and the first book in the Thrawn trilogy.
It was initially less successful than in the United Kingdom and Scandinavia.
The sequels are Phoenix in Obsidian, also published as The Silver Warriors, and The Dragon in the Sword.
Right is a self-help book by Ellen Fein and Sherrie Schneider, originally published in 1995.
It includes family trees of the Bouvier and Simpson families.
It was reissued in book form in 1964 as part of an Ace Double novel, together with Vance's Son of the Tree .
As she gives her friend the details of her husband's death, she recounts the major events in their lives.
Enterprise investigating where a distress signal had originated, resulting in them engaging with several different human colonies.
Difficulty in finding literary success early in his short story-writing career inspired Poe to pursue writing a longer work.
Themes of guilt and redemption feature prominently in the novel, with a pivotal scene depicting an act of violence against Hassan that Amir fails to prevent.
It was issued by The Saint Club, a worldwide fan club for the series which Charteris himself had established in 1936.
We had two cycles with Mr. Gibson's production company—this was before he got into all the trouble—and now I own it again.
Within two years the novel had sold 540,000 copies.
The Wicked Willow trilogy were three original novels based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
One day he finds a pebble that grants wishes.
Although he sees no messianic age, he proclaims the hope that by continuous effort, evil can be diminished and freedom and justice may become more prevalent.
Some of these shorter paperback editions, but not all, have been called Eight Stories from the Rest of the Robots.
The French edition of the book was published on March 7, 1997.
The Wicked Day is a 1983 fantasy novel by Mary Stewart.
The stories are also illustrated by the author.
It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1963.
Concept of the Corporation is a book by management professor and sociologist Peter Drucker.
Orwell suggested the title Union des républiques socialistes animales for the French translation, which abbreviates to URSA, the Latin word for "bear", a symbol of Russia.
Slaves of the Mastery is the second book in the Wind On Fire trilogy by William Nicholson.
Licence Renewed, first published in 1981, is the first novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent, James Bond.
His editor, Maxwell Perkins, felt the book was vague and persuaded the author to revise over the next winter.
Wolf-Speaker is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce, the second in a series of four books, The Immortals.
Malazan Book of the Fallen is an epic fantasy series written by Canadian author Steven Erikson.
It is set in a future where humanity has spread to the stars and divided into several factions.
Farley hates the sound of his legal name, and prefers Fudge for any and all occasions.
The phrase "white feather" is a reference to cowardice.
Set shortly after A Beautiful Friendship, this is an early story of human interaction with treecats.
The book was dedicated to Harriet Alvena Baum Neal, the author's eldest sister.
In the process, it satirises religious institutions, people, and practices, and the role of religion in political life.
It tells the story of the fictional island-nation of Corpus Christi coming into its own identity.
The novel features references to an earlier novel by Leonard, Get Shorty, specifically to Harry Zimm and his production studio.
Interspersed in the text are introductory remarks on Ancient Roman culture.
Some of the book's claims were subsequently challenged.
The Member of the Wedding is a 1946 novel by Southern writer Carson McCullers.
One of the large ones is Raif, who becomes disenchanted with his position in life.
The UK edition won the Man Booker Prize for Fiction the following year.
It had mixed reviews from reviewers who found it strange.
Fifteen-year-old François Seurel narrates the story of his relationship with seventeen-year-old Augustin Meaulnes as Meaulnes searches for his lost love.
Farmer revised and retitled the book River of Eternity, but that version remained unpublished as well and was thought lost.
Heavy Weather forms a semi-sequel to the story, with many of the same characters involved.
We were concerned about the long-term balance of power at the head of the Gulf.
It is "a classic story of life in a big, happy family."
The trilogy follows Han Solo's origins and his life before the events depicted in the original Star Wars trilogy.
The next five books detail the unfolding of the war, under Roman generals Vespasian and Titus, to the death of the last Sicarii.
Col is rescued by Gorynel Desse, and then Collan starts his work as a bard.
In the poem, Keats imagines the loss of the physical world and sees himself dead—as a "sod" over which the nightingale sings.
Srinagar is one of several Mughal Gardens, which were laid out in several parts of undivided India when the Mughals reigned over the subcontinent.
It was highly praised and shortlisted for the Booker Prize, the top literary prize in the UK.
The book was edited by Wayne G. Hammond and Christina Scull.
Skeleton Crew is the second collection of short fiction by Stephen King, published by Putnam in June 1985.
It is still circulated by many traditionalist and sedevacantist Catholics, who believe it accurately describes the changes in the church in the post-Vatican II era.
The book is Maguire’s fifth revisionist story and the second set in the land of Oz originally conceived by L. Frank Baum.
He visited and researched hundreds of sites over eight years, selecting about 300 of the most significant for the book.
He used the pseudonym Vigilius Haufniensis for The Concept of Anxiety.
Falls the Shadow is an original novel written by Daniel O'Mahony and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Little Women is a novel by American author Louisa May Alcott, which was originally published in two volumes in 1868 and 1869.
This led to Gibbon being called the first "modern historian of ancient Rome".
The book includes background information, illustrations, and game rules for these races.
Nights at the Circus incorporates multiple categories of fiction, including postmodernism, magical realism, and postfeminism.
In the confusion, Barry Thorne escapes and parachutes from the airship, which explodes behind him.
The novel explores the issues of the subjugation of women, female circumcision, and women's freedom in a patriarchal society.
The book entered the public domain in the United States when its copyright was not renewed as required.
This short and enigmatic work won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize, and the Hawthornden Prize a year later.
Major themes include her quest for a better life and the importance of her promise to come back for "the ones [she] left behind".
The endpapers of the first edition held maps: one of Oz itself, and one of the continent on which Oz and its neighboring countries belonged.
The Book of Ultimate Truths is a novel by British author Robert Rankin.
Unbeknownst to Svetz and his team, they are actually travelling back into fictional pasts, and returning with mythical creatures.
It was included in 1978's The Star Trek Reader IV.
It chronicles the events that ultimately lead to Takeo's downfall, in accordance with the prophecy spoken of him years before.
The Border Legion is a 1916 Western novel written by Zane Grey, first published by Harper & Brothers in 1916.
A Shorter New Oxford Book of Carols was issued in 1992, and other selections have been made.
The Secret Doctrine, the Synthesis of Science, Religion and Philosophy, a book originally published as two volumes in 1888 written by Helena Blavatsky.
The objective collapse of the quantum wavefunction of the microtubules is critical for consciousness.
It was published in serial form between 1825 and 1832.
IQ and the Wealth of Nations is a 2002 book by Richard Lynn, Professor of Psychology, and Tatu Vanhanen, Professor of Political Science.
The two volumes were issued in 1880 in a single work entitled Little Women.
The Sissy Duckling is a children's picture book written by noted actor Harvey Fierstein and illustrated by Henry Cole.
The collection was also published under the title Paging the Saint.
She is sent to her aunt on Earth to keep her out of trouble.
It was published in 1969 by Signet for the Harvard Lampoon.
The first novel, Inkheart, was critically acclaimed and was made into a major motion picture released in January 2009.
The novel is influenced by spiritual and mystical themes in Sufism, an Islamic belief system in which Lessing had taken an interest in the mid-1960s.
It was inaugurated in 1965 with the U.K. publication of Over Sea, Under Stone by Jonathan Cape.
The Newcomes is a novel by William Makepeace Thackeray, first published in 1855.
However, rather than a tangible demon, the swords simply drive the wielder to blood lust.
The Impossible Virgin is the title of the fifth novel chronicling the adventures of crime lord-turned-secret agent Modesty Blaise.
It was edited and introduced by Dr. Israel Regardie, and is a reference book based on the Hermetic Qabalah.
Glamorama is set in and satirizes the 1990s, specifically celebrity culture and consumerism.
The Speaker of Mandarin is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell, first published in 1983.
It is the area between the end line and goal line bounded by the sidelines.
Valley of the Dolls is the first novel by American writer Jacqueline Susann.
The controversial book is also "the first instance of a novel in which the main character undergoes a clinical sex-change."
It is the first of four books generally referred to as The Shadowmancer Quartet.
Windmills of the Gods is a 1987 thriller novel by American writer Sidney Sheldon.
Mowat's ideas are controversial and have been accused of being over-speculative.
In October 2013, minor alterations were made to the plan to comply with the National Planning Policy Framework and other changes in national policy.
The Pilot's Wife : A Novel is a 1998 novel by Anita Shreve.
is a novel by the American author William Faulkner, first published in 1936.
Nearly every biographical sketch contains links to other biographies.
The concluding Silver on the Tree also won the annual Tir na n-Og Award.
The final eleven chapters were cut down to only five, leading some critics to complain that the ending was abrupt and inconsistent.
The book was published by DAW Books in 1985, and there was also a limited hardcover printing by Phantasia Press in the same year.
In planning since 1996, the UPDF has been likened to a Filipino version of the Oxford English Dictionary.
Glasse emphasised in her note "To the Reader" that she used plain language so that servants would be able to understand it.
Like its companion, Halsbury's Laws, it was arranged by subject matter.
The Ugly American is a 1958 political novel by Eugene Burdick and William Lederer which depicts the failures of the U.S. diplomatic corps in Southeast Asia.
It contains large full color plates and commentary on each map or set of maps.
It has also been adapted for the stage by James Roose-Evans at the Theatre Royal Bury St Edmunds.
Its use of pornography as a narrative device attracted much criticism, although others, including Gray himself, consider it his best work.
The Railway Series is a set of story books about a railway system located on the fictional Island of Sodor.
The book follows the emotional roller-coaster both he and his film partner Bruce Sinofsky and the band Metallica went through during the creation film.
The book introduces the concept of a design recipe, a six-step process for creating programs from the problem statement.
The book describes the history of Islam and argues for a liberal interpretation of the religion.
But even if his prevarications and silences were performed with the best of intentions, he had an obligation in the postwar period to explain those actions".
It features the Eighth Doctor, Sam and Fitz.
As an early and rather authoritative example of Sherlockian pastiche—the collaborators being the son and the authorised biographer of Holmes's creator—there is much to interest collectors.
The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World is a 2001 nonfiction book by journalist Michael Pollan.
Gotham: A History of New York City to 1898 is a non-fiction book by historians Edwin G. Burrows and Mike Wallace.
Jemima is a domestic duck of the Aylesbury breed, whose eggs are routinely confiscated by the farmer's wife because she believes Jemima a poor sitter.
The movie How to Deal was based on this novel as well as one of Dessen's other novels, That Summer.
The collection, with its satirical, skeptical tone, is widely considered one of Ellison's best.
The Guns of Avalon is fantasy novel by American writer Roger Zelazny, the second book in the Chronicles of Amber series.
The Skylark of Space is considered to be one of the earliest novels of interstellar travel and the first example of space opera.
First published in 1969, it appeared in English translation in 1970.
In 1970, Success Motivation Institute purchased the rights to produce the audio recording.
Skocpol argues that these three cases, despite being spread over a century and a half, are similar in the sense that all three were Social Revolutions
Prior to his trip to Colombia, is unable to obtain life-insurance, and proceeds without it.
The latter half then changes to a sentimental novel form and approximates to a romance.
The text is sparse and matches the dark illustrations.
They generally stay out of local affairs, and, to the knowledge of Cove residents, no Spark Lord has ever visited Tober Cove.
There is a general migration to the south.
A sequel was published in 1985 called Beyond the Chocolate War.
The Italian Secretary is mystery fiction by Caleb Carr featuring Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
Read Between the Lies combines chick lit and "beach book" styles with themes of racial diversity and adult illiteracy.
Howells' idea for the novel was to show how an engagement or marriage would affect and be affected by an entire family.
Black Mischief was Evelyn Waugh's third novel, published in 1932.
Roberts explains the relationship between lovemarks and other selling concepts through a simple schema based on respect and love.
It is likely that Dickens's own youthful experiences contributed as well.
Canadian-born artist Una Knox produced the majority of photographic images for this book.
It features the Seventh Doctor, Ace and Bernice.
It was originally published in Interzone in 1990.
The Saga is usually not regarded as artistically equal to the Egils saga, the Njál's saga and the Laxdæla saga.
Mariner is also the publisher of the Harvest imprint backlist, formerly published by Harcourt Brace/Harcourt Brace Jovanovich.
Jedi Search is the first novel in The Jedi Academy trilogy.
Now We Are Six is a book of thirty-five children's verses by A.
James Welch, the BBC Director of Religious Broadcasting, who had read his 1940 book, The Problem of Pain.
Pyongyang: A Journey in North Korea is a black-and-white graphic novel by the Canadian Québécois author Guy Delisle, published in 2004.
Set in present-day Toronto, Ontario, the novel begins with three women who meet once a month in a restaurant to share a meal.
The series was written by Bruce Coville.
The book is the twelfth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.
He loses his money but makes the right moral decision when his partner proposes the unethical selling of the mills to English settlers.
Mardi, and a Voyage Thither is the third book by American writer Herman Melville, first published in London in 1849.
It was later expanded and revised again and published in 1956 as The City and the Stars.
The Red and the Green is a novel by Iris Murdoch.
It is published by Dale Carnegie and Associates, and given out as a prize in the Dale Carnegie Course.
The Two Deaths of Quincas Wateryell, is a 1959 Brazilian modernist novella by Jorge Amado.
The Ghost from the Grand Banks is a 1990 science fiction novel by British writer Arthur C. Clarke.
A 1903 play and a 1924 film are based on the novel.
The second edition of the book is expected to be released in November, 2015, with a foreword by Ron Paul.
Stations of the Tide is a science fiction novel by American author Michael Swanwick.
He is described as being contaminated with the "political virus".
Each of the Tales is followed by notes and a detailed commentary by Christopher Tolkien.
It is the first book of the tetralogy, followed by the books 1935 and Other Years, Fear and Dust and Ashes.
Two plagues, spread by rats and agents of Waakzamm, are unleashed on the Argonath specifically designed to weaken the Empire’s Legions.
Although a work of fiction, the novel purports to be as historically accurate as possible.
The book can best be described as an early form of the techno-thriller genre, later popularized by authors such as Tom Clancy.
The Secret of the Caves is Volume 7 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.
The phrase "Ghost from the Grand Banks" was also used in an earlier Clarke book, Imperial Earth, also regarding a recovered Titanic.
It has elements of both transhumanism and satire and is written using the printed versions of common translation stereotypes.
Although Conan Doyle wrote 56 short stories featuring Holmes, A Study in Scarlet is one of only four full-length novels in the original canon.
The trilogy is a follow-up to Edwards' Ultimate Dragon Saga trilogy, and is loosely connected via various plot threads.
It was one of the "Top 100 Picture Books" of all time in a 2012 poll by School Library Journal.
The Winds of War is Herman Wouk's second book about World War II, the first being The Caine Mutiny.
A Small Boy and Others is a book of autobiography by Henry James published in 1913.
The book was also made into a movie, and explores themes of family, aging, lesbianism, and the dehumanizing effects of racism on both blacks and whites.
Inconstant Moon is a science fiction short story collection by American author Larry Niven that was published in 1973.
It is the fourth book published and sixth chronologically in the Redwall series.
The title term, surrender the pink, is a colloquialism pertaining to male sexual advances to a female.
Chernevog is a fantasy novel by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.
It is a novelization of the episode "The People Importers" from the 1962-69 TV series, The Saint, originally written by Donald James.
Where Rainbows End is Irish writer Cecelia Ahern's second novel, published in 2004.
Small Gods is the thirteenth of Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels, published in 1992.
Pubis Angelical is a 1979 novel by acclaimed Argentine novelist Manuel Puig.
It won the Coretta Scott King Author Award in 1982.
At the center of the story is Grigoriev's search for the lost Arctic expedition of Captain Ivan Tatarinov and the discovery of Severnaya Zemlya.
It was first published in 1969, with a second, revised edition published in 1975.
It is one of the first novels to involve a wunderkind.
This book was first published in the United Kingdom in 1977 by Hodder and Stoughton, followed by an American edition by The Crime Club in 1978.
Fritz appears in the book as the dog that bites the "B."
The last book in the series, Shadowheart, was published in hardcover on November 1, 2010.
The Saint in New York was the 15th book chronicling the adventures of Simon Templar, an anti-hero character patterned after Robin Hood.
Ashes of Victory is a science fiction novel by American writer David Weber.
Critics found the book to be rich in detail, realistic, and thoughtful.
The second, The Pale Criminal, appeared in 1990 and the third, A German Requiem in 1991.
It was adapted into the stage and cinema musical Half a Sixpence.
Defying the cold, he grows hardy and strong.
The Homecoming Saga is a fictionalization of the first few hundred years recorded in the Book of Mormon.
The Guardian reported that people in the publishing industry started talking of the "Londonstani effect"—when a much-hyped novel can't sell as well as was expected.
The book's title is therefore a reference the practice of brood parasitism among certain species of cuckoo birds.
And so linguistics changed course in the second half of the 20th century.
While a prisoner of war in 1940 and 1941, Sartre read Martin Heidegger's Being and Time.
Thrilling Cities is the title of a travelogue by the James Bond author and The Sunday Times journalist Ian Fleming.
Richard Stallman explains about hackers who program:
Before the Fact is a novel by Anthony Berkeley Cox writing under the pen name "Francis Iles".
It was said to have been inspired by Archer's real-life experience of near-bankruptcy.
An illustrated adaptation was syndicated to newspapers in 1945.
There are many comparisons to be made between the two novels.
The Silver Branch is a historical adventure novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1957, with illustrations by Charles Keeping.
Critic Mary Jane Lupton says it has "a narrative structure unsurpassed in American autobiography" and that it is Angelou's "most introspective" autobiography.
He travels to Innsmouth, interacting with strange people, and observes disturbing events that ultimately lead to horrifying, and personal, revelations.
As the book progresses, the story departs further and further from the original storyline that it parodies.
The Key to Theosophy is an 1889 book by Helena Blavatsky, expounding the principles of theosophy in a readable question-and-answer manner.
Rand observes in the foreword that We the Living was the closest she would ever come to writing an autobiography.
The King's Fifth is a children's historical novel by Scott O'Dell that was the inspiration for the cartoon TV series The Mysterious Cities of Gold.
The kings, queens, emperors, generals, courtiers and such, who make up the governments of the world.
It is his third novel after A Time To Kill and The Firm.
To Your Scattered Bodies Go is a science fiction novel and the first book in the Riverworld series of books by Philip José Farmer.
Virgil's heightened perceptions as he dies recall his life and the age in which he lives.
The mirror which inspired Carroll remains displayed in Charlton Kings.
The central character of the book is Stefan Lindman, a young police officer with cancer, who investigates the murder of a retired officer.
Punk Farm is a children's book by Jarrett J. Krosoczka, published on April 26, 2005 by Knopf Books for Young Readers.
Ark Angel is the sixth book in the Alex Rider series written by British author Anthony Horowitz.
His assistant, Derek Taylor, was the ghostwriter of the book, which describes the early days of The Beatles, whom Epstein managed.
It was first published in the United States, by Harper & Row in 1966, as a picture book illustrated by William Pène du Bois.
It is typical of the genre historical romance.
Secrets and Lies, subtitled "the anatomy of an anti-environmental PR campaign", is a 1999 book by Nicky Hager and Bob Burton.
The Second Sex is a 1949 book by the French existentialist Simone de Beauvoir, in which the author discusses the treatment of women throughout history.
Midnight Tides is the fifth volume of Canadian author Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series, the Malazan Book of the Fallen.
It was praised for its detailed illustrations and calm, relaxing storyline.
In 2012, it was republished in English as The Double Death of Quincas Water-Bray.
Set on the high seas, it is a new adventure for super-spy Paul Chavasse.
She can't get down for almost another hour, and the show starts in thirty minutes.
The Heart of the Matter is a novel by English author Graham Greene.
Fear on Wheels, published in 1991, is the 108th book in The Hardy Boys Mystery Series.
Michelle Remembers is a book published in 1980 co-written by Canadian psychiatrist Lawrence Pazder and his psychiatric patient Michelle Smith.
It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1964.
The film A Night to Remember, based on the book and with advice from Lord, was released in 1958.
The book's ends with a longer essay on Brentwood, California, home to Marilyn Monroe's grave, and the O. J. Simpson murder case.
Beginning with the Ace Books editions of the 1960s, the three segments have usually been issued as separate short novels.
He described extensive use of torture, murder, and mutilation against the Natives by the Spaniards.
All three, starring Glenn Close and Christopher Walken, have the same actors playing the roles of Sarah, Jacob, Anna, and Caleb.
Voyage in the Dark was written in 1934 by Jean Rhys.
It won the J. Anthony Lukas Book Prize and the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 2003.
Along with The Songs of Distant Earth, Clarke considered Childhood's End to be one of his favourites of his own novels.
It asks a number of questions relating to the nature of destiny and the human condition.
The content is similar to a Romeo and Juliet story.
Pudd'nhead Wilson is a novel by American writer Mark Twain.
Wolves of the Calla is the fifth novel in Stephen King's The Dark Tower series.
It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2005.
The Monkey Wrench Gang is a novel written by American author Edward Abbey, published in 1975.
The site is referenced in the Federation of American Scientists' Space Policy Project Special Weapons Monitor section.
When they ask his name, he tells them to call him Erekosë, because it was in that form that he came closest to knowing peace.
The hardcover book was illustrated by Swan Park.
Director Stanley Kubrick expressed interest in the 1960s, but collaborated with Clarke on 2001: A Space Odyssey instead.
The main trilogy won a number of prestigious awards.
Watch Your Mouth is a novel by American writer Daniel Handler.
Geisel returned to fictionalized versions of Springfield in later books, and Marco appeared again in 1947 in the Dr. Seuss book McElligot's Pool.
Fry also writes about his older brother Roger, Bunce, Jo Wood, and Oliver Derwent.
The novel has been adapted into two cinema films and two television presentations.
He began writing what would become his second novel in 1894, using various contemporary and written accounts as inspiration.
In 2006 the novel was nominated for the Hugo Award, the Locus Award, and the British Fantasy Society Award.
For example, "Gil" Gilmartin, the narrator of Murther and Walking Spirits, reappears in The Cunning Man as Hullah's godson.
All the stories feature her popular protagonist Inspector Wexford, and fill in important gaps in the chronology of the series, such as Inspector Burden's second marriage.
Throughout the eleven volumes Copleston's Roman Catholic point of view is never hidden.
In this book, Hayden koenig travels to York, England, where he investigates the death of a bearded woman.
The Dastard is the twenty-fourth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
The Truth About Forever is Sarah Dessen's sixth novel.
McCarthy's fifth book, it was published by Random House.
The novel and its author did have their initial detractors, however, including author and veteran Ambrose Bierce.
in 2005 a new translation from the French was made by Stanford Luce and published by Wesleyan University.
Time magazine named it the best novel of 2005 and included the novel in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005.
The book was first published in 1993 in Bengali and was subsequently banned in Bangladesh.
Eyes of the Storm is the third book in the Bone series.
O'Dell later wrote a sequel, Zia, published in 1976.
William Gibson has referred to Dhalgren as "A riddle that was never meant to be solved."
Wittgenstein begins the book with a quotation from St. Augustine, whom he cites as a proponent of the generalized and limited conception that he then summarizes:
Sartre was one of the few people to have declined the award, referring to it as merely a function of a bourgeois institution.
According to Amado this stemmed from the fact that the earliest arrivals to Brazil from the Middle East carried papers issued by the Ottoman Empire.
It features the Seventh Doctor, Ace and Bernice.
The Runaway in Oz is an Oz book by long-time Oz illustrator John R. Neill.
Progress and Poverty is Henry George's first book, which sold several million copies, exceeding all other books except the Bible during the 1890s.
The basis for the novel's semi-fictional accounts are events occurring years after the events of On the Road.
A comic book adaptation was published by Innovation Comics in 1993.
Lady Friday is the fifth novel by Garth Nix in his 'The Keys to the Kingdom' series.
This was the last Oz book to feature illustrations in color, and only the first edition has them.
Paperback and hardback colored editions were published in 2005 by Scholastic.
The book follows the story of four friends who form The Order of the Grey Griffin.
Murder on the Orient Express is a detective novel by Agatha Christie featuring the Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
Like the novella Cloud Wolf, The Stone Pilot was specially written and published for World Book Day.
The book was originally illustrated by Pauline Baynes.
Death and the Penguin is a novel by Ukrainian author Andrey Kurkov.
Power: A New Social Analysis by Bertrand Russell is a work in social philosophy written by Bertrand Russell.
The use of real names and inclusion of himself as the protagonist within the book creates a style that meshes and blurs the fiction and non-fiction.
The book won the Newbery Medal in 1988.
Glass and Amber is a 1987 collection of short stories and essays by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.
It was made into a film in 2015.
It was illustrated by Edward Ardizzone and has been twice adapted for television, in 1981 and in 2002.
The original version of this book was rewritten in 1968 by Tom Mulvey resulting in two different stories with the same title.
Peril's Gate is volume six of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts.
As in the previous novel, Wright blends classical, Norse, Judeo-Christian, Celtic, Hindu, Persian, and other mythologies into a riveting, though complicated, whole.
Jailbird also features a brief cameo by Kilgore Trout, a recurring, fan-favorite Vonnegutian character known for writing science fiction novels and bizarre short stories.
Although often considered as a pejorative, the term is also used self-referentially without malice or as a source of pride.
The Manticore won the Governor-General's Literary Award in the English language fiction category in 1972.
John Henry Newman was regarded as a premier religious figure even before writing this definitive essay.
Noon: 22nd Century is a 1961 science fiction book by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky, expanded in 1962 and further in 1967, translated into English in 1978.
Together, the three books of the trilogy represent a detailed criticism of the Getúlio Vargas dictatorship, known as the Estado Novo.
The book expanded steadily in length, until by 1907 it reached 74 chapters and over 2000 pages.
Of the original Seven Wonders, only one—the Great Pyramid of Giza, the oldest of the ancient wonders—remains relatively intact.
The hardcover edition of Prayers for the Assassin was published in the United States in February 2006 by Charles Scribner's Sons.
The book and special feature characters from Breathed's comic strips Bloom County and Outland.
Cherryh's 1978 Hugo Award winning story, "Cassandra" is also included.
Putnam's Sons with an introduction by the Hon.
It is the 17th in the series in the original Puffin series and 18th in the modern Wizard series.
Originally published under the pseudonym "Victoria Lucas" in 1963, the novel is semi-autobiographical, with the names of places and people changed.
The novel reflects Reynolds's professional background: he has a PhD in astronomy and worked for many years for the European Space Agency.
The Dalelands is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons campaign setting Forgotten Realms that describes the Dalelands of Faerûn.
The film was panned by critics and earned less than its production budget at the box office.
The Case for Israel is a 2003 book by Alan Dershowitz, a law professor at Harvard University.
Tom Brown is largely based on the author's brother George Hughes.
Carson of Venus is the third book in the Venus series by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs.
Similar books published since include Lords of Madness.
The Seven Storey Mountain is the 1948 autobiography of Thomas Merton, a Trappist monk and a noted author of the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.
Friend and client Kubert, the highly regarded artist of DC Comics' Sgt.
Until his dying day, Mario Puzo considered the novel his finest, most poetic, and literary work.
2150 AD is a novel copyrighted by Don Plym and Thea Plym and originally published in 1971.
Teacher Man is a 2005 memoir written by Frank McCourt which describes and reflects on his teaching experiences in New York high schools and colleges.
Tabitha Twitchit, a cat, invites friends for tea.
If There Be Thorns is a novel by Virginia C. Andrews which was published in 1981.
The story focuses on an alien family who seek refuge on Earth, in the small town of Bellwood.
In this story Min tries to cast a sympathetic light on one of the most controversial political figures in the People's Republic of China.
Mr. Quimby has found another job, though it is one he does not like very much.
A Grief Observed is a collection of C. S. Lewis's reflections on the experience of bereavement following the death of his wife, Joy Davidman, in 1960.
Blood and Chocolate is a 1997 romantic supernatural werewolf novel for young adult readers by Annette Curtis Klause.
The book mainly focuses on Alain and his refusal to leave the memories of childhood; his cat is the embodiment of his childhood.
Jacob's Room is the third novel by Virginia Woolf, first published on 26 October 1922.
The letters are introduced and annotated by Townend, who had provided Wodehouse with the inspiration for his character Ukridge.
It is widely regarded as a masterpiece of Kannada literature and is referred to as the Bhagavad Gita in Kannada.
Lord Brocktree is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 2000.
John Beloff gave the book a mixed-review, describing it as "a typical Koestlerian performance" but noted that some of his claims about psychical research were inaccurate.
The theme is the last months in the life of John Keats.
German-speakers refer to it as Die Schedelsche Weltchronik in honour of its author.
The Critique of Judgment, also translated as the Critique of the Power of Judgment, is a 1790 philosophical work by Immanuel Kant.
Designed as a reference for people seeking help past New Religious Movements/Cults/Sects experiences.
It is a companion to the more well-known work Atlantis: The Antediluvian World.
In 1969 a television adaptation of the novel was released as a theatrical film, also entitled Vendetta for the Saint.
Public Stunts Private Stories is an authorized biography of the Canadian alternative rock group Barenaked Ladies originally published in 2001.
He investigates, beginning his dual profession of journalist and investigator.
In 1978, it won the Newbery Medal.
The dominance of the Ch’an Buddhist tradition was most responsible for this trend.
For the documentary film by Frank Capra, see Prelude to War.
Abraham becomes Kierkegaard and Isaac becomes Regine in this interpretation.
A sequel, Forbidden Flowers: More Women’s Sexual Fantasies, followed in 1975.
Falcondance is narrated by Nicias Silvermead, a nineteen-year-old peregrine falcon raised in Wyvern's Court.
The Macquarie Dictionary is a dictionary of Australian English.
The book also attacks Christianity and Democracy.
Bones of the Moon is a novel by Jonathan Carroll, depicting the real and dream life of a young woman, Cullen James.
This theatre was performed on Constitution Mall, under heavy police supervision.
Starring Gabriel Byrne, this version was written by Robert Jones.
It was published on 19 May 2005, alongside The Clockwise Man and The Monsters Inside.
Confessions of a Crap Artist is a 1975 novel by Philip K. Dick, originally written in 1959.
I Kissed Dating Goodbye is a 1997 book by Joshua Harris.
Dying to Win is divided into three parts, analyzing the strategic, social, and psychological dimension of suicide terrorism.
The author served in the United States Army's 27th Infantry Regiment, 25th Infantry Division.
The interviews contain a mixture of facts about the trading careers of the interviewees, their philosophy, and many trading anecdotes.
Mommie Dearest is a memoir and exposé written by Christina Crawford, the adopted daughter of actress Joan Crawford.
A film based on the poem was made in 1999 by Andrzej Wajda.
The Xanadu Talisman is the title of an action-adventure/spy novel by Peter O'Donnell that was first published in 1981, featuring the character Modesty Blaise.
Recipes for Disaster: An Anarchist Cookbook is an anarchist book released by the CrimethInc.
Proust established the structure early on, but even after volumes were initially finished he kept adding new material and edited one volume after another for publication.
An éminence grise or grey eminence is a powerful decision-maker or adviser who operates "behind the scenes" or, in a non-public or unofficial capacity.
The book researches the Holocaust of the European Jewry during World War II.
'Free With This Box' is based on an occurrence in Ellison's childhood and describes abuse of power by police.
Edmonds recipe books have sold over 3,000,000 copies.
The title is a reference to the play The Trojan War Will Not Take Place by Jean Giraudoux.
To take them the rest of the way they hop a train with Hobo Joe and arrive in Chivalry, Montana in a different train.
All the action occurs over the course of 24 hours, on Rockets' 13th birthday.
Not This August, also known as Christmas Eve, is a science fiction novel by C.M.
The first edition, the so-called "white edition," is the rarest book in the series in its original printings.
In the Night Kitchen is a popular and controversial children's picture book, written and illustrated by Maurice Sendak, and first published in 1970.
The book was published by American Education Publications in 1972.
They acquire human knowledge and rebel, leading to a global war for supremacy.
It was preceded by The IPCRESS File and followed by Funeral in Berlin.
Vathek is a Gothic novel written by William Beckford.
The pair met in April of that year at Artspace Mackay, for the opening of the Headspace exhibition.
Pray, innocent, and beware the foul fiend".
The other two books are The Riddle-Master of Hed and Harpist in the Wind.
It was published by Atheneum in 1967, the second book published from two manuscripts the new writer had submitted to editor Jean E. Karl.
Haunted Mesa is a science fiction novel by Louis L'Amour, set in the American Southwest amidst the ruins of the Anasazi.
The second edition was published in 1997, and adds information up to Maskerade.
Jason Rafiel reappears posthumously, and his assistant Esther Walters assists Miss Marple in the early chapters of the subsequent story.
Portions of an earlier version, titled The Year 1805, were serialized in The Russian Messenger from 1865 to 1867.
Today the AP Stylebook is updated annually.
There have been several adaptations, including a 1971 television series by BBC Scotland, a 2015 film version, and some stage versions.
It is also the third and final book of the Vampire Rites trilogy.
Passage Meditation is a book by Eknath Easwaran, originally published in 1978 with the title Meditation.
The book retains the 100+ short chapters of the original.
Bradley and Diana L. Paxson later expanded the book into the Avalon series.
Seize the Day was Saul Bellow's fourth novel.
Scenes with different characters jump back and forth within the same paragraph.
"The Sound of His Wings" would have concerned a televangelist named Nehemiah Scudder who rides a populist, racist wave of support to the Presidency.
It won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for best science fiction novel in 1982, as well as an Australian Science Fiction Achievement Award in 1983.
Solaris is a 1961 philosophical science fiction novel by Polish writer Stanisław Lem.
The Undertaker arrives there with the police and Max and Worm run away in the tunnels.
The story is unrelated to the "Hub" series of stories by Schmitz.
It was later published in Japan in 2003.
It is studied in English studies classes in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
It tells the tale of a neglected English boy who encounters what prove to be figures from Norse mythology.
Berger and Luckmann introduced the term "social construction" into the social sciences and were strongly influenced by the work of Alfred Schütz.
Bag of Bones is a 1998 novel by Stephen King.
The work was awarded the Man Booker Prize in 2000 and the Hammett Prize in 2001.
She lived in China until 1980, when the political climate warmed enough for her to apply for a visa to the United States to visit family.
At the time of its publication, the book was widely praised by academics and critics.
Four past Midnight is a collection of novellas by Stephen King.
It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series.
Soft Skull Press is publishing the revised edition, which became available in December 2008.
Warriors: A Vision of Shadows immediately follows Warriors: Omen of the Stars, and Bramblestar's Storm.
The second plot line deals with the real Peter Jairus Frigate, who is unaware that someone has been impersonating him.
Adams House, a real House at Harvard, features prominently in the novel; the author is himself a Harvard graduate.
The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence and the US edition at $2.00.
But the article also credited the book for including "quite a bit of detail that never got into the newspapers."
Eleven of the twelve appear in the later collection Welcome to the Monkey House, with "Hal Irwin's Magic Lamp" being omitted.
The two deliver freshly laundered clothing to the animals and birds in the neighbourhood.
The novel also indirectly refers to the Time Lords, a race from Doctor Who; this was to avoid any copyright disputes with the BBC.
The sequel, also published in 1997, is called For Better, For Worse, Forever.
It is the first of the novels in the wars against Napoleon, putting the army ensign at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805.
The invention of the ansible places the novel first in the internal chronology of the Hainish Cycle, although it was the fifth Hainish novel published.
It is also the first to describe the Hundred Worlds, the planets with human colonies that are tightly intertwined by Ansible technology.
It is considered the most popular of O’Connor's works, partly because of a 1958 movie adaptation starring Spencer Tracy.
Each volume was edited by Isaac Asimov, who wrote the introduction and a short essay about each author featured in the book.
Ken MacLeod stated that "the political strand in [science fiction] can be described as a dialogue with Heinlein".
Created completely by fans, it is the authoritative guide to Phish.
The Abominable Man is a 1971 police procedural novel by Maj Sjöwall and Per Wahlöö.
Each contributes to the slow breakdown of Nidorian society, which is apparently what the Earthmen really want.
It was originally published in 1963 in New York by Grove Press.
The book was written during the voyage to England.
The world is dominated by percentages and lottery.
Training is overseen by new arrival Jill Gulbirra, an Australian dirigible pilot and strident feminist.
The book was adapted into a 1980 feature film, Raise The Titanic, directed by Jerry Jameson.
Manna from Heaven is a collection of fantasy short stories by American Roger Zelazny.
On Her Majesty's Secret Service received broadly good reviews in the British and American press.
It was the first of Naipaul's acclaimed Indian trilogy which includes India: A Wounded Civilization and India: A Million Mutinies Now.
The Bible Code is a best-selling book by Michael Drosnin, first published in 1997.
With Waylander II, Gemmell changes this by taking up the story from his earlier novel Waylander.
It was originally published in 1971, but was later re-written by the author when his work became more widespread and well-known.
The novel parallels the real life assassination of John F. Kennedy and the various conspiracy theories that surround the event.
The 2004 edition includes a new preface by Obama and his DNC keynote address.
The Rottweiler is a psychological thriller novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell.
It concerns the lures and limitations of knowledge, the destiny of mankind, and the fate of the universe."
Cold Comfort Farm is a comic novel by English author Stella Gibbons, published in 1932.
It is part of Dickson's Childe Cycle series, in which mankind has reached the stars and divided into specialized splinter groups.
The book is approximately 360 pages long, and written in a cipher alphabet in an imaginary language.
It is the first of the "Snopes" trilogy, completed by The Town, and The Mansion.
Spock emphasizes in his book that, above all, parents should have confidence in their abilities and trust their instincts.
The Concise Oxford English Dictionary is probably the best-known of the 'smaller' Oxford dictionaries.
"God includes all that is possible or real."
The material in Trollslayer was first released under that title in 1999 and a second edition was released in 2003.
The Cat Who Walks Through Walls is a science fiction novel by American writer Robert A. Heinlein, published in 1985.
It discusses how Western governments supported the growth of Islamic fundamentalism for several purposes.
Naked Lunch is a novel by American writer William S. Burroughs, originally published in 1959.
The second volume, and later books by Grade explicitly refer to the first volume as "Volume I" in their "by the same author" lists.
It is the only Jeeves novel in which his employer, Bertie Wooster, does not appear, and the only Jeeves story narrated in the third person.
In addition, a growing body of research has developed on structural topics in verbal behavior such as grammar.
Several e-books exist of Being Digital  making the quote rather prophetic.
After the failure of "The Seven Lady Godivas", Seuss said in an interview, "Adults are just obsolete children, and the hell with them."
It has been published in several languages worldwide.
Wells took 40% of the royalties; the remainder was split between Huxley and Wells's son.
Power of Persuasion is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
A film based on the novel was released in 1990, starring Sean Connery and Michelle Pfeiffer, and directed by Fred Schepisi.
Interlopers is a 2001 science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster.
The phrase "Catch-22" has since entered the English language, referring to a type of unsolvable logic puzzle sometimes called a double bind.
Its 2007 film adaptation, titled The Seeker in America and The Dark Is Rising in Britain, made significant plot and character divergences from the book.
It documents the continuing adventures of Cornelius Murphy and his companion Tuppe.
The novel follows a 12-year-old boy named Jonas.
The new version was narrated entirely in the first person and had a slightly different ending.
Horton Hatches the Egg was published to immediate critical acclaim and financial success and has remained popular with the general public.
Timewyrm: Exodus is an original Doctor Who novel, published by Virgin Publishing in their New Adventures range of Doctor Who novels.
For the system based on the teachings of G. I. Gurdjieff see Fourth Way.
It was published on 13 April 2006, alongside The Stone Rose and The Resurrection Casket.
A Fish Dinner in Memison is a fantasy novel by English writer Eric Rücker Eddison, the second in his Zimiamvian Trilogy.
On the way back, they are persuaded by Clemens to mount an attack on King John's steamship.
In it, he explains to a general audience various matters relating to the Lucasian professor's work, such as Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem and P-branes.
It won both the Hawthornden Prize and the James Tait Black Memorial Prize, being immediately recognised as a classic of English literature.
The original version of this book was shortened in 1972 by Priscilla Baker-Carr resulting in two slightly different stories sharing the same title.
Eventually he becomes the lover and most faithful servant of Alexander the Great, who overthrew Darius and captured the Persian Empire.
It also won the annual Newbery Medal recognising the year's "most distinguished contribution to American children's literature".
The novel was first published in 1998 by a small publishing house, and rereleased in 2004 by Broadway Books as a trade paperback.
5 on the hardback, nonfiction New York Times Best Seller list.
This variation may be caused by a change in emitted light or by something partly blocking the light, so variable stars are classified as either:
The female chick was named "Tango" by the zookeepers.
The Book begins with prayers and a guide as to how to read the work, followed by stories each containing a moral and often comical tale.
It then follows, in depth, the invasion itself and the early months of the occupation through summer 2003.
The satiric and fantastic romance is set in an imaginary semi-tropical land in Antarctica inhabited by prehistoric monsters and a cult of death-worshipers called the Kosekin.
It was adapted into a film of the same name in 1983.
Like some of Keillor's other books, it is unusual in that it could be said that the audiobook preceded the publication in written form.
WHIT played oldies on an automated basis until joining the nationally distributed True Oldies Channel on November 14, 2011.
The principal authors of the ERG are Transport Canada's Michel Cloutier and U.S.
It is dedicated to the musical cast of Wicked.
It remains New Zealand's fastest selling book with over 200,000 copies sold in one year.
Many of the stories were first published in journals such as The Hudson Review, The Southern Review, and The Virginia Quarterly Review.
It was first published by Del Rey Books in June 1978, one year before the young adult Harper Hall trilogy.
The story includes the capture of a sea monster similar to a kraken.
Except for the newly written title story, "The Piazza," all of the stories had appeared in Putnam's Monthly in 1853-1855.
The most recent edition, The Complete Walker IV, was co-authored by Chip Rawlins.
It was first published in octavo in 1861.
Black Rednecks and White Liberals is a collection of six essays by Thomas Sowell.
She began writing prose fiction in the 1680s, probably in response to the consolidation of theatres that led to a reduced need for new plays.
A Rather English Marriage is a novel by Angela Lambert, first published in 1992, and later adapted for television by Andrew Davies for the BBC.
The Girl Who Owned a City is the only published novel by O. T. Nelson, first published in 1975.
English translation, entitled Ashes and Diamonds, appeared in 1962.
Qwilleran and his cats solve another mystery, this time at the newly sprouted Breakfast Island, a resort hot spot with an attractive history.
Earth and High Heaven was a 1944 novel by Gwethalyn Graham.
Included with the essays on black-and-white illustration of texts is a discussion in dialogue form about the similar relation between scenery and play in the theater.
Starn won Duke University’s Robert B. Cox Distinguished Teaching Award in 2004 and was awarded the Sally Dalton Robinson Distinguished Professorship effective July 1, 2005.
He also assisted Christie with details of daily household life in Egypt 4000 years ago.
Sex and the City is a collection of essays by Candace Bushnell based on her and her friends' lifestyles.
It breaks with the following major patterns of the earlier books in the series:
No release date has yet been set for the release of the third book titled Ride the Storm.
The Skinks, a race of bipedal, amphibian-like creatures who wield acid guns, conduct a campaign to wipe out the entire Scientific Society.
It is similar to the work of Isaac Asimov.
The Mad Goblin is an American novel by Philip José Farmer.
In August 1998, Hyperion published a 1999 calendar containing quips and quotes from the book.
Circle Of Three is a series of young adult paperback novels by Michael Thomas Ford under the pseudonym Isobel Bird.
Truckin' Turtles is a supplement for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness role-playing game.
Joyce began working on Finnegans Wake shortly after the 1922 publication of Ulysses.
The Walls Came Tumbling Down is a film script written by author Robert Anton Wilson, first published in book form in 1997.
It is the fifth of seven novels in the Shadow Children series.
It is Twain's last completed novel, published when he was 61 years old.
The memoir consists of various anecdotes and stories of Frank McCourt's childhood.
The Satanic Verses is Salman Rushdie's fourth novel, first published in 1988 and inspired in part by the life of Muhammad.
It is divided into seasonal sections, with activities appropriate for each season in their respective sections.
A high-definition remaster of the three PlayStation 2 titles was released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in 2012.
A mobilization of French men is called and those in one classification are to report for duty.
Miss Lonelyhearts, published in 1933, is Nathanael West's second novel.
Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams, Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
The book is Lem's take on the common science fictional trope of an apparently Utopian future that turns out to be an illusion.
It features Hercule Poirot, Arthur Hastings, and Inspector Japp.
It was the first volume to make use of the short story format; previously Charteris had written either short novels or full-length novels featuring the character.
It is the second part of Bragg's Cumbrian Trilogy.
It is a sequel to Love in the Ruins.
The Star Trek Encyclopedia: A Reference Guide to the Future is a 1994 encyclopedia of in-universe information from the Star Trek television series and films.
Using the power of the magic dates, Sir Hokus regains his youthful form and vacates the Emerald City to rule as Prince of Corumbia.
Chris Crawford on Game Design is a book about computer and video game design by Chris Crawford.
The work has since come to assume a preeminent place in English literature, despite its numerous detractors.
Amazon Adventure is a 1949 children's novel by the Canadian-born American author Willard Price featuring his "Adventure" series characters, Hal and Roger Hunt.
It was first published in United States in March 2006 and was released in the UK and Ireland on 1 June 2006.
The book continues straight from the previous volume, Nine Princes in Amber, although it includes a recapitulation.
A review by the writer Jack London called it "the Uncle Tom's Cabin of wage slavery."
Paperback and hardback coloured editions were published in 2006 by Scholastic.
   specified by these angles.
Alfred A. Knopf agreed to publish it instead in the United States, as did André Deutsch later in Britain.
The Dragon's Pearl is the autobiography written by Sirin Phathanothai telling her experiences growing up in the 1950s and 1960s among the leaders of China.
There is wide acclaim for the Afterword by Richard Snow, included in the book.
The authors argue that only through recognizing this essential relationship with the Earth's valuable resources can businesses, and the people they support, continue to exist.
It is a novel written in a very unusual style for the author - shifting perspective of narrative.
The "Silverado Museum" in St. Helena, California, is dedicated to Stevenson.
Beyond this, however, are two considerations that for Habermas loom larger.
The International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences was first published in 1968 and was edited by David L. Sills and Robert K. Merton.
[1] Aimed toward young adults, it is a spin-off from the bestselling Gossip Girl series.
Published on 19 December, the first edition sold out by Christmas Eve; by the end of 1844 thirteen editions had been released.
Owd Bob: The Grey Dog of Kenmuir, also titled Bob, Son of Battle for US editions, is a children's book by English author Alfred Ollivant.
The novel was first published as a serial in Dickens' weekly periodical All the Year Round, from 1 December 1860 to August 1861.
Dickens started writing the book in Lausanne, Switzerland, before returning to England, via Paris, to complete it.
The title is taken from a poem by Harlem Renaissance poet Georgia Douglas Johnson, which connects Angelou with other female African-American writers.
This would ultimately give a false impression that the Manhattan Project was all about physics.
It was published in 2002 and is the sequel to The Magicians' Guild and is followed by The High Lord.
Other characters include Shere Khan the tiger and Baloo the bear.
It was ranked as the #13 hardcover fiction best seller of 1984 by The New York Times.
I Am Spock is the second volume of actor and director Leonard Nimoy's autobiography.
The Amber Room is American author Steve Berry's debut novel.
It is often referred to as GTD.
It is the second book in the gnostic VALIS trilogy, and takes place in the indeterminate future, perhaps a century or more after VALIS.
The three mothers and four daughters share stories about their lives in the form of vignettes.
In February 2009 Orbit Books issued the first one-volume paperback edition of the novel in the USA.
It was published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson, The Orion Publishing Group, based in London in 2005.
A shorter version was published in Satellite Science Fiction in late 1957.
The Unique And Its Property is an 1844 work by German philosopher Max Stirner.
A sequel The Second Coming: A Leatherdyke Reader was published in 1996, edited by Pat Califia and Robin Sweeney.
Despite the attention paid to the book, sales were relatively weak and by April 2008 only 15,000 copies had been sold.
It was the ninth book to feature the character.
Only 1,000 copies were printed, and each is individually numbered on the copyright page.
The Wide Window is the third in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket.
A more accurate translation is Story of the Eagle Shooting Hero.
Like most of Forsyth's work, the novel is more about the protagonists' occupational tradecraft than their characters.
Currently the Chevalier translation is the only one still in regular print.
A young idealistic civil servant, Arvid Falk, leaves the drudgery of bureaucracy to become a journalist and author.
The chief editor of the book was Scott Dikkers, with specific sections edited by Robert D. Siegel, Maria Schneider and John Krewson.
Parts of the novel are a reprise of Anne Frank's Diary.
Other editions have since been published in the Netherlands, Japan, France, Greece, Italy, Poland, Russia, Turkey, and Korea.
The girls bring him food and, in turn, he tells them moralistic tales about courage, perseverance and trying your best at all odds.
The Last Albatross is the first book in Ian Irvine's Eco-thriller titles, set in 2010.
Legacy of the Jedi is a science fiction novel and part of the Star Wars expanded universe.
The Secret Agent on Flight 101 is Volume 46 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.
The novel is set in the British Raj of 1940s India.
Notes on Novelists is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1914.
A History of US is a ten-volume historical book series for children, written by Joy Hakim and first published in its entirety in 1995.
The Postman Always Rings Twice is a 1934 crime novel by James M. Cain.
Most of the action takes place in an advertising agency, a setting with which Sayers was very familiar.
Vanauken's only novel, Gateway to Heaven, was published by Harper & Row in 1980.
It tells the story of a novice midshipman, Peter Palafox, who joins George Anson's voyage around the world beginning in 1740.
The Roots of Coincidence is a 1972 book by Arthur Koestler, an introduction to theories of parapsychology, including extrasensory perception and psychokinesis.
"The Heart of the Serpent" is a 1958 science fiction short story by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov.
Publicity over The Well of Loneliness's legal battles increased the visibility of lesbians in British and American culture.
Among all the author's books it is also the most widely held in libraries.
It concerns an unnamed protagonist's obsessive quest to learn all he can about a mysterious film called Throat Sprockets.
The book was a New York Times bestseller.
The story follows the life of a wealthy, young Japanese writer in the early 1900s, who seeks to escape his unhappiness through marriage.
The Day of the Scorpion is the 1968 novel by Paul Scott, the second in his Raj Quartet.
The Heather Blazing is the 1992 novel by Irish writer Colm Tóibín.
To date, more than three million copies of the novels have been sold.
The Wu Li Master dances with his student.
It is the 10th in the series in the original Puffin series and 7th in the modern Wizard series.
It was made into a popular television series in the early 1990s.
Attributed to "Anonymous", the book is in diary form, and was originally presented as being the edited "real diary" of the unnamed teenage protagonist.
The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Souvenir Press.
A paperback edition in the US by Avon books in 1947 changed the title again to A Holiday for Murder.
Dreams of Empire is a BBC Books original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The New Soldier was published as both a hard and soft cover book in October, 1971, by Vietnam Veterans Against the War.
This was the 21st book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar, alias "The Saint".
The trilogy revolves around the residents of the imaginary town of Salterton, Ontario.
It has been translated into many languages, including Japanese and German, and was made into a movie in 1987.
The original version of this book was rewritten in 1961 by James Beuchler resulting in two different stories with the same title.
Set in Kerouac's hometown of Lowell, Massachusetts, it is a beautiful but unsettling exploration of the meaning and precariousness of existence.
It was released in paperback in 2007 by Penguin Books, ISBN 978-0-14-311235-8.
The story revolves around Majeed and Suhra, who are in love with each other from childhood.
The Gripping Hand is a science fiction novel by American writers Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle, published in 1993.
It includes advice from the Simpsons character Bart Simpson on how to deal with life.
There are a minimum of 278 patents issued to Tesla in 26 countries that have been accounted for.
The book consists of primarily slapstick-style jokes, with characters of slightly different names from the original ones and a slightly altered main storyline.
The novel is one of the few of Edgeworth's novels which her father did not 'edit'.
The novel draws on a variety of inspirations.
The House on the Borderland is a supernatural horror novel by British fantasist William Hope Hodgson.
It thus covers a similar period to Sima Qian's Records of the Grand Historian.
The story centres on the fictional British Secret Service operative James Bond, who had been posted missing, presumed dead, after his last mission in Japan.
It features the Eighth Doctor, Fitz and Anji.
The text regularly returns to themes of sex, violence, and a blurred boundary between theatre and reality.
The History of Sexuality received a mixed reception, with some reviewers praising the book and others criticizing Foucault's scholarship.
It was serialised from May 1886 to April 1887 in Macmillan's Magazine and published in three volumes in 1887.
The book should not be confused with In the Hearts of Green Birds, an Islamist text about the war in Bosnia.
In his introduction to the novel he mentioned that he tried to capture some of the exotic landscapes that are frequent in Vance's work.
Much of the novel is concerned with Stevens' professional and, above all, personal relationship with a former colleague, the housekeeper Miss Kenton.
It is labelled a "Story of Discworld" to indicate its status as children's or young adult fiction, unlike most of the books in the Discworld series.
She is there for being schizophrenic and considers herself to be "Isabelle" most of the time.
The author's first book, it forms the first part of a trilogy.
It was rejected by at least five London publishing houses before being accepted by Knopf Canada, which published it in September 2001.
It features Honor herself only in a cameo role: other characters from the novels and several short stories take centre stage.
It features the Fifth Doctor, Nyssa and Tegan.
Montgomery had released earlier: "A House Divided Against Itself" which appeared in The Canadian Home Journal in March 1930.
The book has been adapted as a prize-winning 1984 film, a German musical, and a Japanese anime.
The Social Contract helped inspire political reforms or revolutions in Europe, especially in France.
"Possession" - searching for a new apartment, and Anne Frank's house
Dr. Eric Sweetscent and his wife Kathy get addicted to a powerful drug that appears to cause time travel.
Isaac Asimov's Utopia is a science fiction novel by American writer Roger MacBride Allen, set in Isaac Asimov's Robot/Empire/Foundation universe.
The investigation ultimately led to a broad police corruption scandal.
Set in Venice, The Aspern Papers demonstrates James's ability to generate suspense while never neglecting the development of his characters.
A Guide for the Perplexed is a short book by E. F. Schumacher, published in 1977.
Whenever she was asked which of her novels were her favorites, Compton-Burnett always referred to A House and Its Head and Manservant and Maidservant.
The Stealers of Dreams is a BBC Books original novel written by Steve Lyons and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
It also had a smaller effect on the research on computers and brain.
Smart mobs are particularly known for their ability to mobilize quickly.
The book's name is derived from Genesis 2:10 relating to the Garden of Eden.
The Twins at St Clare's is a children's novel by Enid Blyton set in an English girls' boarding school.
It is the second in a series inaugurated in 1998 by the award-winning Holes.
Reprinted, together with a Modern English translation in The Road to Middle-earth.
In baseball, the strike zone is the volume of space through which a pitch must pass in order to count as a strike.
Mr. Gramsay, the zookeeper gifted them an extra egg from another penguin couple at the zoo.
Some of the essays have been criticised by peer reviewers as being insufficiently objective about relations between Indian Muslims, Hindus and the British political classes.
Each bird has a distinctive call, which it emits when it hears the call of another bird.
It presents the reasoning for almost all points of Christian theology in the West.
... We'll find our bridle, I think, with time and training and more practice at riding".
The book holds the distinction of being the last novel by Fleming to be published in his lifetime, with subsequent works being published posthumously.
White Jazz is a 1992 crime fiction novel by James Ellroy.
He spoke about this kind of consciousness in an earlier book.
The novels and the omnibus printing were published by Warner Books, with some editions bearing the "Questar Science Fiction" or "Warner Aspect" imprints.
Kitten's First Full Moon is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Kevin Henkes.
At least one scene involving Baron Hulot was likely based on an event in the life of Balzac's friend, the novelist Victor Hugo.
Ghostwalk is a book that introduced a campaign setting for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons game, similar to Forgotten Realms or Dragonlance.
"(xvii) Among those it covers are Argentinian nationalists, Mexican sinarquistas, American nativist demagogues, Brazilian Integralists, German National Socialists, Portuguese National Syndicalists, Spanish Falangists, and Belgian Rexists.
Again, I had no idea what I was doing or where it was coming from, but by the seventh day, I was not drinking at all.“
The Swords of Blood and Fire are wielded by Decado in this novel.
The framing device in American Pastoral is a 45th high school reunion attended by frequent Roth alter ego Nathan Zuckerman, who is the narrator.
Another said this was "One of the few times Christie gives short measure, and none the worse for that."
Royal Assassin is a fantasy novel by American writer Robin Hobb, the second in her Farseer Trilogy.
It was collected in 1985 in the hardcover omnibus The Bachman Books, and has seen several reprints since, as both paperback and hardback.
It was first published in 1960, by Simon & Schuster in the United States, where it won a National Book Award.
The story is set in the era of the Napoleonic Wars.
The book has also been adapted into a stage play by Stephen Mallatratt.
Set in Northern Ireland in the sixties and seventies, this novel describes the coming-of-age and sexual awakening of Gabriel Harkin.
Horse Whispers & Lies is a 1999 biography of Monty Roberts by Joyce Renebome and journalist Debra Ristau.
A Great and Terrible Beauty is the first novel in the Gemma Doyle Trilogy by Libba Bray.
There are elements that tend toward accommodation, collaboration, or even idealization of the French colonials.
The book was made into a film in 1965, starring Richard Chamberlain and Yvette Mimieux.
I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew is a 1965 children's book by Dr. Seuss.
It is the 54th in the series in the original Puffin series and 20th in the modern Wizard series.
The stories were all first published in periodicals between 1939 and 1947.
Superfolks also examines comic book conventions and clichés from a more serious, "literary" perspective.
There have been a large number of related books and other products, including educational tools, created in connection to the book.
It is about the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy and takes issue with the investigatory methods and conclusions of the Warren Commission.
Psmith in the City is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published on 23 September 1910 by Adam & Charles Black, London.
This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1943.
For the first time, Asimov chronicles the fictional life of Hari Seldon, the man who invented psychohistory and the intellectual hero of the series.
Paradox has been defined as "Truth standing on her head to get attention."
Vonnegut's own text was then set as a "Cosmos Cantata" by the composer Seymour Barab, of whom Vonnegut said, "Barab's music is full of magic.
First published in 1994, it is the twelfth book in Cussler's Dirk Pitt series.
In 2011, a 3rd edition was released, titled "How to Win Friends and Influence People in the Digital Age".
Not knowing the stone's origin or worth, he attempts to use it as payment to a butcher.
The novel is set in Europe during the 16th century, and deals with Protestant reformation movements.
Legacy of the Daleks is an original novel written by John Peel and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
It is the life story of Francis or Frank Cornish, whose death and will were the starting point for the first novel, The Rebel Angels.
Not to be confused with the Charlie Boorman series Long Way Down.
The Center of Winter is a novel by the American author Marya Hornbacher.
HarperCollins and Random House both published paperback version of this book in 1992.
"Lonely Women are the Vessels of Time"
It was a best seller in non-fiction in 1966.
It mainly features the character "Oz", other known television characters play minor roles.
The Illuminati Papers is sometimes referenced as a sequel to Illuminatus!
The Blind Assassin is a novel by the Canadian writer Margaret Atwood.
Startide Rising also won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 1984.
This deliberate ambiguity is an original and skillful means of achieving such an effect.
The novel was also nominated for both the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award, but did not win.
is a book by Michael Moore published in 2001.
It tells the experiences of a bohemian writer during Bilbao's Main Week fiestas.
It discusses his views on the concepts of Hindutva and Hindu nationalism, and was published as two volumes in 2001.
It is his stance that thought is the most organised form of energy.
In the 1906 version, the first five chapters were narrated in the third person, before shifting to the first person.
The Golden Bough: A Study in Comparative Religion is a wide-ranging, comparative study of mythology and religion, written by the Scottish anthropologist Sir James George Frazer.
It received the 1991 Minnesota Book Award for Fantasy and Science Fiction.
Critics and fellow writers praised the book on its release.
The Listerdale Mystery is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by William Collins and Sons in June 1934.
She continued to publish sporadically but much of her work was drawn from decades-old concepts and illustrations.
But the reception from academic historians was mixed.
The novel was adapted for radio on Studio One in 1947 but had gone out of print by the time Lowry died.
Specimens of Bushman Folklore has been considered the cornerstone of study of the Bushmen and their religious beliefs.
The BBC Radio 4 sitcom Ed Reardon's Week contains characters loosely suggested by the novel.
English editions include writings such as Six Fundamentals), A Call to Muslims, and Muslim Degeneration and its Only Remedy.
Worlds is a collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by Eric Flint.
It is the third novel of five in the Cutler series.
It has been adapted into a film in 1966 and then twice as a television mini-series in 1978 and 2003.
The "jape[s]" or practical jokes of the novel begin with a statue's unconventional decapitation.
It was published on 16 October 1847, by Smith, Elder & Co. of London, England, under the pen name "Currer Bell".
In 1866, called the 12th edition, the three voice parts were expanded to four.
It tells of a girl named Alice falling through a rabbit hole into a fantasy world populated by peculiar, anthropomorphic creatures.
The Blue Lagoon is a romance novel written by Henry De Vere Stacpoole and was first published by T. Fisher Unwin in 1908.
She describes her involvement in the Native American Church.
Coming to Power: Writings and Graphics on Lesbian S/M is a 1981 book edited by members of the lesbian feminist S/M organisation SAMOIS.
Race and Slavery in the Middle East: an Historical Enquiry is a 1990 book written by the British historian Bernard Lewis.
He set the book here to offer his characters new opportunities to explore and make maps in a different landscape.
A Tiger for Malgudi is a 1983 novel by R. K. Narayan told by a tiger in the first person.
This Wilson is not related to the eponymous character of Meyer's novel.
Tooth and Claw is a fantasy novel written by Jo Walton and published by Tor Books on November 1, 2003.
Their ages range from seven to fifteen and they live by begging, gambling and stealing in the streets of Salvador, Bahia, Brazil.
The collection includes two of Irving's best-known stories, attributed to the fictional Dutch historian Diedrich Knickerbocker, "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" and "Rip Van Winkle".
The hundred stories, written from 1943 to 1980, were selected by the author himself.
The plot continues to follow the advancement of the main character, Alex Rogo, through the corporate ranks of large manufacturer, UniCo.
At its core is the reconciliation M.C.
Before this novel, Evanovich wrote 11 category romance novels.
It was made into an animated television special that same year.
She inherits a large amount of money and subsequently becomes the victim of Machiavellian scheming by two American expatriates.
Asimov completed work on the anthology on 10 May.
The stories cover roughly two thousand years, from their very near future to the end of the universe.
According to the book, they may have actually found the tomb, but in doing so they disappeared never to be seen again.
Jesus was initiated into the inner circle of John the Baptist, but was not selected to succeed him.
The Brothers Lionheart is a children's fantasy novel written by Astrid Lindgren.
The collection was re-released in 2001 with two additional stories, "Salem" and "Missing".
An Unusual Angle was the debut novel by Australian science fiction writer Greg Egan by Norstrilia Press.
One novel published after this one features Hastings as narrator, 1975's Curtain: Poirot's Last Case.
After the success of the work, in 1996 Barlowe and Neil Duskis wrote a second book, Barlowe's Guide to Fantasy.
Critics praised the book for its wild, vibrant prose, and it was described as "big, daring [and] manic-depressive" by The New York Times.
The book was nominated for the 2003 Aventis Prizes and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize.
Yogananda was born Mukunda Lal Ghosh in Gorakhpur, India, into a Bengali family.
The three stories are united by an extended deliberation how one resolves ethical conflicts, emotional commitments, and the quest for the true meaning of human life.
Planet of Exile is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin, part of her Hainish Cycle.
As of 2008, it is in its fourth edition and is available in both print and electronic forms.
A revised edition of the novel was published in 1980.
At a dinner party attended by the Dearly couple, Cruella de Vil expresses her dislike for animals; subsequently, the couple's new Dalmatian puppies disappear.
However, Teufelsdröckh is also a literary device with which Carlyle can express difficult truths.
The book is based on Goethe's diaries.
On the basis of his collection of cases, Moody identified a common set of elements in NDEs:
The Velveteen Rabbit is a children's book written by Margery Williams and illustrated by William Nicholson.
Mr. Munchausen is a novel by John Kendrick Bangs, written in the style that has become known as Bangsian fantasy.
Like many of his later novels, it features Lazarus Long and Jubal Harshaw as supporting characters.
Slouching Towards Bethlehem is a 1968 collection of essays by Joan Didion that mainly describes her experiences in California during the 1960s.
Ender's Game is a 1985 military science fiction novel by American author Orson Scott Card.
In 2000, the book won the Josette Frank Award, and in 2003 won the Mark Twain Award.
The novel was first published in the U.S. by Poseidon Press in 1982.
The book derives its name from Schild's ladder, a construction in differential geometry, devised by the mathematician and physicist Alfred Schild.
It was published in 1943 by Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc and illustrated by Mary Shepard and Agnes Sims.
Thus Barker explores possible relationships between real people and fictional characters.
Despite its age and a number of inaccuracies in specific domains, the book has lost no momentum in the past years.
Just as Learning Perl features a llama on its cover, its follow-up features an alpaca.
It is about a turbulent day in the life of an impoverished student in Imperial Vienna.
Labyrinths is a collection of short stories and essays by Jorge Luis Borges translated into the English-language.
In this novel, Buffy and her friends time-travel to four different periods of history to protect Slayers of the past from present-day vampires.
Disenchanted with the selfishness and inauthenticity she perceives all around her, she aims to escape it through spiritual means.
The fifth sub-series Warriors: Dawn of the Clans, was published from 2013 to 2015.
Like some other Hornblower novels, Forester wrote it in the form of several novellas that can be read independently.
The author also used Allied and German post action reports, War diaries, histories and official records.
When Oscar told his wife June that he was in the hospital again, she responded with "Gesundheit!"
It was not published until 1905, by his mother Mary Elizabeth Manley-Oliver, six years after Oliver's death in 1899.
The Tale of Tom Kitten is a children's book, written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter.
The Song of the Lark is the third novel by American author Willa Cather, written in 1915.
Rebecca's joy for life inspires her aunts, but she faces many trials in her young life, gaining wisdom and understanding.
Superior Beings is a BBC Books original novel written by Nick Walters and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Gresham wrote the novel, his first, while working as an editor for a "true crime," pulp magazine in New York City during the 1940s.
"Jeremy X", the terrorist leader of the Audubon Ballroom, and Victor Cachat, one of the Republic of Haven's most capable agents, also appear.
It was originally illustrated by Alan Tiegreen.
Most of the poem is spoken by Oisin, relating his three-hundred year sojourn in the isles of Faerie.
It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1997.
“A Very Old Man with Enormous Wings” first appeared in New American Review and “Blacaman the Good, Vendor of Miracles” was first published in Esquire Magazine.
The plot features jealous lovers, topless dancers, a transvestite, murders and suicides.
For 1966 it was a Newbery Honor book, runner-up for the year's "most distinguished contribution to American literature for children".
The book is set 1000 years following the death of Olek Skilgannon.
There they encounter a primitive race of natives and a mysterious white queen named Ayesha who reigns as the all-powerful "She", or "She-who-must-be-obeyed".
In 2003 Gods and Generals was made into a film directed by Ronald F. Maxwell and starring Robert Duvall and Jeff Daniels.
The novel was released on August 7, 2007.
Categorized as both a young adult novel and historical fiction, The Silent Boy is set in a 20th-century farm community.
Nervous Conditions is a novel by Zimbabwean author Tsitsi Dangarembga, first published in the United Kingdom in 1988 by the Women's Press.
   from the above-mentioned polynomial of degree 
The story expresses numerous racial and evolutionary conceptions of the late Victorians, especially notions of degeneration and racial decline prominent during the fin de siècle.
Visions of Gerard is a 1963 novel by American Beat writer Jack Kerouac.
It is the main work for which Bage is remembered and was his last novel.
"Hejira" - Sedaris' father kicks him out of his house due to his homosexuality
Maskerade is the eighteenth novel in the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett.
Peyton then continued and partly reversed the story.
In the Lake of the Woods is a novel by the American author Tim O'Brien.
A new film, Secret Sharer, inspired by the story and directed by Peter Fudakowski, was released in the United Kingdom in June 2014.
The highly advanced, space-deployed, BHB weapon system, code-named XXXBHB-BACAR-1318-I390MSCH, has extraordinary potential and is the key part of the West’s deterrence strategy.
The Blackstone Chronicles is a serialized novel by American horror and suspense author John Saul.
Thus, in Tober Cove, choosing a gender is akin to choosing a life.
He also drew from his own experiences at sea.
Debord published a follow-up book Comments on the Society of the Spectacle in 1988.
The book was re-released in a tenth anniversary edition in 2002, and included a new story.
March Violets is the first of the trilogy by Kerr called Berlin Noir.
The Divine Invasion is a BSFA Award nominated 1981 science fiction book by Philip K. Dick.
The authors also argue that "the lobby's impact has been unintentionally harmful to Israel as well".
An Elephant for Aristotle, is a 1958 historical novel by L. Sprague de Camp.
The Palace of Heavenly Pleasure is a 2003 novel by Adam Williams.
The style of Peter Camenzind is easy to follow, even as it is a Bildungsroman in an atypical sense.
On Liberty was a greatly influential and well received work, although it did not go without criticism.
The book is written in the third person so the narrative does not remain with the antiquary.
In addition, the editors raised a substantial amount of the money required for the project through sponsorship from friends and family.
Much of the narrative is set in the San Francisco Bay Area, including events in San Francisco and Sonoma County.
The book is also the first out of seven books in the combined Demon Wars Saga.
It was the first of the Eighth Doctor Adventures range and features the Eighth Doctor and introduces his new companion, Sam Jones.
It features the Third Doctor, Jo, the Brigadier, Sergeant Benton, Mike Yates and other members of UNIT.
In each of the novels, the plot moves at multiple levels.
The book has remained continuously in print, and has been translated into more than fifteen languages.
Erewhon: or, Over the Range  is a novel by Samuel Butler which was first published anonymously in 1872.
Additionally, it provides tables of casualty figures and discusses the credibility of various accounts and anecdotes received by the narrator.
The book documents Jacobs' life as a slave and how she gained freedom for herself and for her children.
The book is narrated in the first person, with the narrator changing in each chapter.
The actual author was ghostwriter Walter Karig in his third and final Nancy Drew novel and his final appearance for the Stratemeyer Syndicate.
Isle of View is the thirteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
It was written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 1999.
The novel has been described as Canning's best work in the thriller genre.
          
The latter was expanded into a novel, The Positronic Man, which formed the basis of the 1999 Touchstone Pictures and Columbia Pictures film Bicentennial Man.
It is an attempt to revise Raymond Williams' seminal 1976 text, Keywords: A Vocabulary of Culture and Society.
Nobody Lives for Ever, first published in 1986, was the fifth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent, James Bond.
It is a "painful novel about obsessive imaginary love".
Scores in this sport are counted when a pass is received in the end zone.
Torments of the Traitor / The Fate of the Fallen is the first novel in Ian Irvine's The Song of the Tears trilogy.
It has been praised as a sequel to the preceding novel and for showing the maturation of Gregor in the face of continually dark events.
Gidh is the Urdu word for a vulture and Raja is a Hindi synonym for king.
James and the Giant Peach is a popular children's novel written in 1961 by British author Roald Dahl.
Influenced by Western ideas of women's liberation and secularism, he set out to publish works that projected his ideals.
The Ratirahasya is a medieval Indian sex manual written by Kokkoka, a poet, who is variously described as Koka or Koka Pundit.
Speak, Memory is an autobiographical memoir by writer Vladimir Nabokov.
In 1998, the Modern Library ranked The Good Soldier 30th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
It was published in 1981, after Tolkien's major works The Hobbit, and The Lord of the Rings, and The Silmarillion.
Many critics consider it to be one of the best novels of the 20th century, as well as the foremost of Soviet satires.
The Clockwork Testament is a novella by the British author Anthony Burgess.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Gaskell based her depiction of Milton on Manchester, where she lived as the wife of a Unitarian minister.
It is widely held as one Turgenev's greatest novels as well as being highly autobiographical in nature.
It was written in 1982 and published in the next year.
It was cited by the New York Public Library as "one of the 100 most influential Books of the 20th Century."
A Pair of Blue Eyes is a novel by Thomas Hardy, published in 1873, first serialised between September 1872 and July 1873.
Like other early Simon Templar novels, this book underwent a number of name changes in succeeding editions.
It is first used in Chapter Thirty, after the narrator has had his first sexual experience.
In a note to Upton Sinclair, London wrote, "One of my motifs, in this book, was an attack on individualism.
This is the last manuscript Mildred Wirt Benson wrote in her initial run.
The Copper Peacock and Other Stories is a short-story collection by British writer Ruth Rendell.
For the 1990 book of the same name, by Orhan Pamuk, see The Black Book
All characters in the novel, except Nathaniel Hicks, are named throughout using their rank or title and last name.
Less Than Zero is the debut novel of Bret Easton Ellis, published in 1985.
Schumacher argues that the current philosophical 'maps' that dominate western thought and science are both overly narrow and based on some false premises.
Foster would further expand on this theme, using another alien race, the furry Quozl in their eponymous novel.
Along the way, they meet two con-artists, Frank and Joanie, who read about Max and Worm and a money reward for finding them.
The novel was well received by critics and is considered a classic, as well as one of the first environmental novels ever published.
Charles, an invalid, and all the patients in his hospital, are evacuated to they know not where.
The Empire won't be able to hold them for long they are getting very strong and we need to stop them.
The anthology was first published in April 1974.
Valiant: A Modern Tale of Faerie, is a young adult urban fantasy novel by Holly Black.
In 2012 it was ranked number 13 among the "Top 100 Picture Books" in a survey published by School Library Journal.
It was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards for Best Novel in 1992.
For the first time, buildings, landscape and infrastructure can be classified under one unified scheme
Flannelled Fool: A Slice of a Life in the Thirties is an autobiography by T. C. Worsley, published in 1967.
It won the Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger for best crime novel of the year.
Beauvallet is a 1929 novel written by Georgette Heyer.
In it, Mamet discusses the conscious and unconscious processes that go on in developing a work of art.
Perhaps no one at all is left."
A Sleeping Life is a crime-novel by British writer Ruth Rendell, first published in 1978.
The Night Manager is an espionage novel by John le Carré, published in 1993.
Alternative English titles of the novel include Book and Sword: Gratitude and Revenge and The Romance of the Book and Sword.
The book was published in February 1921, during the legal battle to clear his previous novel, Jurgen, from charges of obscenity.
Originally published by Puffin Books in 1982, the title is the first gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series.
Graham Greene portrays a U.S. official named Pyle as so blinded by American exceptionalism that he cannot see the calamities he brings upon the Vietnamese.
Tribes of Redwall Otters was published in 2002 as an accessory to the Redwall series by Brian Jacques.
It is the first part of a trilogy A Scots Quair.
This contained some minor alterations which made the book more consistent with Miles's later Faction Paradox mythos.
The novel was named Best Novel of the Year in Chile in 1982, and Allende received the country's Panorama Literario award.
There is no reason to doubt the existence of external objects simply because of sense data.
The difference, then, is not the external but the internal, and everything that makes a person impure and his observation impure comes from within.
Before writing this book, Bloom spent a decade studying the Romantic poets of the early nineteenth century.
It is the third novel in the Inkheart trilogy, following Inkheart and Inkspell.
A revised large format paperback edition, with annotations by the author and illustrations by Phoebe Gloeckner, was issued by RE/Search in 1990.
Before its book publication, the novel was serialised in six issues of The American Magazine as 13 For Dinner.
Ilse Witch is the first book in Terry Brooks' The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara fantasy trilogy.
Nicholas Nickleby; or, The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby is a novel by Charles Dickens.
[1] All UK editions will include an FAQ section with the author, in which he provides "vital answers".
Time Zero is a BBC Books original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
He talks about basic concepts like space and time, basic building blocks that make up the universe and the fundamental forces that govern it.
At the round earth's imagin'd corners, blow
The book is divided into five sections.
He succeeds by transforming himself into a formidable swordsman and a quick-thinking escape artist in addition to the strict secrecy of the group's movements.
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction calls it "ambitious".
The Discworld Companion is an encyclopaedia of the Discworld fictional universe created by Terry Pratchett and Stephen Briggs.
The Zanzibar Cat is a science fiction collection of short stories by Joanna Russ, first published in 1983 by Arkham House.
The English translation was published in 1969 as part of the influential Heinemann African Writers Series.
These four books are also part of the Quick Reads Initiative.
To retrieve the gem, Lief, Barda, and Jasmine must play his game.
Mary Russell and Sherlock Holmes sail to San Francisco to close up the house and businesses that Mary inherited after her family's death.
An Option for Quebec is an essay by former Premier of Quebec René Lévesque published in 1968.
The Warlock of Firetop Mountain is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone, and illustrated by Russ Nicholson.
"The Seven Messengers" is also the name of the book's first short story.
She aids him, and then discovers that the Pimpernel is also very dear to her.
It features the Third Doctor, Liz and UNIT.
In 1976, a stage play of the same name, written by Frank Shiras and based on the book, was also published.
The story is told in the first person by Patrick Bateman, a serial killer and Manhattan businessman.
It was reprinted by Baen in 1984.
Listening Library published an audiobook version read by Paul Boehmer on April 11, 2006.
The Enchiridion or Manual of Epictetus is a short manual of Stoic ethical advice compiled by Arrian, a 2nd-century disciple of the Greek philosopher Epictetus.
As with The Modern Antiquarian, sites are listed alphabetically within their sections.
An off-off-Broadway production of this stage version ran briefly at the New York Fringe Festival in 2001; it has also been performed in Beijing.
Napalm and Silly Putty is a 2001 book by comedian George Carlin.
It collects various short stories written by Drummond between 1997 and 1998.
It is set in the fictitious country of Danu in Southeast Asia, which is based on East Timor.
Like A Confederacy of Dunces, the novel had a long and difficult road to publication.
However, the artist suffers from evidently not having seen his subjects; H.A.I.
Starless Night is the second book in R. A. Salvatore's The Legacy of the Drow series
Ilya Ilych Oblomov is the central character of the novel, portrayed as the ultimate incarnation of the superfluous man, a symbolic character in 19th-century Russian literature.
In The Campus Murders, McCall is sent to Tisquanto State College to investigate the disappearance of a female student.
        m
The character Frank Carmody is based on William S. Burroughs, and Adam Moorad on Allen Ginsberg.
The play, being concerned with the KKK and Reconstruction, is adapted by the second half of The Birth of a Nation.
A Device of Death is an original novel written by Christopher Bulis and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Flashman and the Redskins is a 1982 novel by George MacDonald Fraser.
There are several sequels to the book: Susannah at Boarding School, Susannah of the Yukon and Susannah Rides Again.
The Four Elements of Architecture is a book by the German architect Gottfried Semper.
It takes place in the Revelation Space universe and is a direct sequel to Redemption Ark.
The book was feted by journalists, as reflected by its receipt of the National Book Award for non-fiction.
Le Monde ranks it as number one on its 100 Books of the Century.
The two main characters are two brothers; the older Jonatan and the younger Karl.
Although told in third person, it is based on Annie's perspective.
The title refers to Werner Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, here applied both on the molecular level and on a macro, societal level.
In the same spirit of helpfulness, William and the Outlaws decide to give their form master a very special wedding present.
Secret Agent of Terra was first published as Ace Double F-133, with The Rim of Space by A. Bertram Chandler.
An important contribution to modern understanding of democracy, it is notable for "transforming media studies into a hard-headed discipline."
It was Mildred Benson's final ghostwrite for the series.
Thus most media comments in Santiago called Lafourcade's novel "the Chilean love story."
It tells the story of Azriel, the only surviving Jewish member of the small Hungarian town of Kolvillàg after a pogrom perpetrated by neighboring Christians.
Many of the poems contain cross-references that create an unabashed tapestry of the community.
The book was banned by the Indian Government after its publication.
Ellen Tebbits is a 1951 children's novel written by Beverly Cleary.
WorldCat participating libraries report holding editions in 15 languages of translation.
It was first published in 1989 and was a runner-up for the 1989 Smarties Book Prize.
Dhalgren is a science fiction novel by American writer Samuel R. Delany.
It was published in June 2005, concurrently released on the Internet under a Creative Commons license, free for download in several formats including ASCII and PDF.
Both are based on the short story Prominent Author.
The popularity of the series led to the creation of merchandise such as action figures, board games, role-playing game systems, magazines, novels and video games.
The story was often referred to as "China's first modern short story".
The main character is Manuela, the transvestite who owns the bordello.
The story involves 16 seemingly unrelated heirs of reclusive businessman Sam Westing and his challenge to figure out the secret of his death.
Well of Shiuan is a 1978 science fiction novel by American writer C. J. Cherryh.
It takes a novelistic approach, focusing on characters and the daily issues that they face.
Poul Anderson wrote one sequel short story, "Quest", which originally appeared in Ares magazine in the same issue that saw the original publication of the wargame.
The novel is at once an eerie account of time travel and a bittersweet comedy of manners.
It was translated into English in 2003 by Laurie Thompson, and won the 2005 Gumshoe Award for Best European Crime Novel, presented by Mystery Ink.
The foreword is by Rohan Butler, who had written The Roots of National Socialism in the 1930s.
The character named Jesse Garon Parker represents Elvis Presley in every way, while The Who are presented under their original name The High Numbers.
Starring Ray McAnally, the series was first screened on Channel 4 and won Bafta and Emmy awards, and was syndicated to more than 30 countries.
Dreams of Steel is the fifth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series, The Black Company.
The book identifies several places in which a free market can be promoted for both philosophical and practical reasons.
The Rainbow is a 1915 novel by British author D. H. Lawrence.
Characters and stories from the books formed the basis of the children's television series Thomas and Friends.
The book is part mystery and part magical realism with a postmodern twist.
Absolute Midnight is the third book in the New York Times best-selling Abarat series by Clive Barker.
In one story William helps an old man with his sorely neglected garden by presenting the OAP with plants 'borrowed' from his sister's rockery.
Of Moths and Men is a controversial book by the journalist Judith Hooper about the Oxford University ecological genetics school led by E.B.
This book is notable for its discussion of delight in sensual pleasures during a time when such candid displays were considered immoral.
As well as normal hardback and paperback editions, it was released as a free e-book under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
It starred Tony Roper and Peter Polycarpou and was produced by Rod Coton and Joe Scott-Parkinson in association with the Queen's Theatre Hornchurch.
The author's preface to the fourth edition reads:
As of May 18, 2003, the book was ranked 8th by The New York Times on its list of bestselling Children's Paperback Books.
It features the Third Doctor, Jo, and UNIT.
If Mandino's suggested reading structure is followed, it would take about 10 months to read the book.
The film Stalker, directed by Andrei Tarkovsky, is loosely based on the novel, with a screenplay written by the Strugatsky brothers.
The disparate elements of the work are linked together by recurrent encounters with Léon Robinson, a hapless character whose experiences parallel, to some extent, Bardamu's experiences.
The title of the book comes from "The Deathbird", the nineteenth and last story in the collection.
It was blessed by Pope Leo XIII, the first novel ever to receive such praise.
Treasure Island is traditionally considered a coming-of-age story and is noted for its atmosphere, characters, and action.
King Caspian X is now an old man, but his son and only heir, Prince Rilian, is missing.
The Republic is a Socratic dialogue, written by Plato around 380 BC, concerning justice, the order and character of the just city-state and the just man.
Anne Of The Island is the third book in the Anne of Green Gables series, written by Lucy Maud Montgomery about Anne Shirley.
Notes from a Small Island is a humorous travel book on Great Britain by American author Bill Bryson, first published in 1995.
The Player of Games is a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks, first published in 1988.
The book was written for the American market and published by Knopf in 1961 and 1970.
It was based on a story she had written for her haemophiliac younger brother and published with the encouragement of her father.
Banks wrote several more novels before his death in 2013, including several acclaimed science fiction novels that formed the Culture series.
Fisher's description is less than 10 pages in length and is notable for its simplicity and completeness regarding terminology, calculations and design of the experiment.
Harpy Thyme is the seventeenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
Philosophy in the Boudoir is a 1795 book by the Marquis de Sade written in the form of a dramatic dialogue.
The book is set in a near-future version of the United Kingdom.
Its irresolute conclusion has sparked significant public, critical, and scholarly analysis, and the narrative has become a part of Australia's national folklore as a result.
Filming was expected to begin in 2013.
The Viceroy of Ouidah is a novel published in 1980 by Bruce Chatwin, a British author.
Released only months before Hughes's death, the collection won multiple prestigious literary awards.
"My Friend Bobby" - a disturbing story told in first person, by a young boy who can read minds.
After Greece fell to the Nazis, he went to the Middle East to fight Vichy French pilots after staying for a brief time in Alexandria, Egypt.
The novel depicts an expedition to the South Pacific to capture animals for a zoo.
Since then, a number of translations into other languages have followed.
It is the fifth book published and eighth chronologically in the Redwall series.
The novel's protagonist is Captain Olof Carlsen, the commanding officer of the space exploration vehicle which discovered the vampires' spacecraft.
The book was published in 1996, and won the 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography.
Sense and Sensibility is a novel by Jane Austen, published in 1811.
The book's publication was an extraordinary event in Soviet literary history since never before had an account of Stalinist repression been openly distributed.
A revised version with 21 chapters was printed in 1984.
This book, as of 2001, ranks 50 on the list of All-Time Bestselling Children's Books, according to Publishers Weekly, with 2,347,750 sales since 1931.
The Adventures of Lando Calrissian is a 1983 trilogy of science fiction novels by L. Neil Smith.
The land was called Merryland and was split into seven valleys.
It is a cultural analysis of the contemporary archetype of the girl hero in popular culture.
In Vargas Llosa's words, "It's a novel, not a history book, so I took many, many liberties.
The book is notable for being the standard reference and textbook for a generation of Cambridge mathematicians including Littlewood and G. H. Hardy.
It has been described as 'a stunning debut from Purser-Hallard and easily one of the best Doctor Who-related original novels published to date'.
Cryptographie indéchiffrable is a French book on cryptography written by Émile Victor Théodore Myszkowski and published in 1902.
It was published in paperback in January 2000.
It was made into a film of the same name in 1976 starring Michael Caine, Donald Sutherland, Jenny Agutter and Robert Duvall.
This story was later expanded to a full length young adult novel, published in 2011.
It was published by Aditya Prakashan, New Delhi in 2000.
After he does not return, Jill Gulbirra decides to cut their losses and return home.
The Dante Club is a mystery novel by Matthew Pearl and his debut work, set amidst a series of murders in the American Civil War era.
If so, the ridicule was mild, perhaps urging Brazilians to not be afraid of the regime, and so well disguised that the novel was not censored.
A book readable by adults as well as children, who will possibly better appreciate the value and practicality of the gingersnap hygrometer.
It ties into the Star of David, worn by Ellen on her necklace, which is symbolic to Judaism.
The tale is about housekeeping and insect pests in the home, and reflects Potter's own sense of tidiness and her abhorrence of insect infestations.
Lynley Dodd, however, continued to write for younger children—which eventually led to her famous Hairy Maclary series of children’s books.
It was later published as a complete novel by A. C. McClurg in November 1922.
Hundreds of edition of the book have been published from Bangladesh and West Bengal since the original publication.
Fargo Rock City: A Heavy Metal Odyssey in Rural Nörth Daköta is a book written by Chuck Klosterman, first published by Scribner in 2001.
The book details people, places, and events involved in building the Panama Canal.
It won the British Science Fiction Association Award in the same year.
Baudolino was translated into English in 2001 by William Weaver.
Firebrass and several others abruptly board a helicopter to fly down to the tower, but it explodes, killing them.
Because of the narrative style and various metafictional devices, most critics classify it as a postmodern novel.
Gissing revised and shortened the novel for a French edition of 1901.
"Mass comparison as against isolated comparisons between pairs of languages."
Einstein's Dreams is a 1992 novel by Alan Lightman that was an international bestseller and has been translated into thirty languages.
The book was made into a film of the same name in 1995 starring Leonardo DiCaprio as Jim Carroll and Mark Wahlberg as Mickey.
It chronicles the rise of Edward Henry Machin from washerwoman's son to Mayor of Bursley.
The action occurs over roughly a year.
This book was selected as one of the 100 best books in history by the Bokklubben World Library.
The book has sparked years of ongoing and intense debate and controversy on questions pertaining to society, culture, and science.
Off on a Comet is an 1877 science fiction novel by Jules Verne.
One of the many spellings of their name, Hashshashin, is where we derive the modern word "assassin".
The Bisexual Option is a book by Fritz Klein that is considered one of the seminal works on bisexuality in the discipline of queer studies.
A Million Open Doors is a science fiction novel by American writer John Barnes, the first book of his Thousand Cultures series.
Carrying the Ian Fleming Publications copyright, it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.
Near the end of the novel, the Waldo Meister character dies by falling from the window of Kenneth Wood's apartment.
Man from Mundania, the twelfth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony, concludes the trilogy of Vale of the Vole and Heaven Cent.
All of the works included in this anthology are considered to be "non-canonical", in relation to mainstream DC Comics continuity.
Wodehouse was involved in adapting the novel as a musical in 1937.
Bleeding Hearts is a 1994 crime novel by Ian Rankin, under the pseudonym "Jack Harvey".
Miami Psychic: Confessions of a Confidante is a 2006 memoir published by the Regan Books division of HarperCollins.
Point Blanc is the second book in the Alex Rider series, written by British author Anthony Horowitz.
George originated nine of the principal comedian roles in the Gilbert and Sullivan operas over 12 years from 1877 to 1889.
The book features Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
Because of it, and his entire body of work to date, Aladdin is often described as "an innovator in the Arabic literature
It is part of the Vampire Rites Trilogy, which consists of books four to six in the 12 book saga.
The alphabetical list of biographical entries starts with ABBE, Cleveland [738] and ends with ZWORYKIN, Vladimir Kosma [1134]
This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by James Buechler in 1962 while he was eighteen or nineteen years old.
Bad for Business is a mystery novel by Rex Stout starring his detective Tecumseh Fox, first published in 1940.
Liberation by Oppression: A Comparative Study of Slavery and Psychiatry is a 2002 work on, and a critique of, psychiatry by Thomas Szasz.
Julie, or the New Heloise is an epistolary novel by Jean-Jacques Rousseau, published in 1761 by Marc-Michel Rey in Amsterdam.
The collection did not appear in the US; however, all of the stories contained within it did appear in other collections only published there.
Published when Heyer was nineteen, The Black Moth was her debut novel.
The book covers more than secret codes, invisible ink, double agents, and aliases.
Froth on the Daydream is a 1947 novel by the French author Boris Vian.
A fourth film in the series, an adaptation of Horse Under Water, also to be released by United Artists, was tentatively planned but never made.
This was the tenth book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar, alias "The Saint".
The attribution of Moll Flanders to Defoe was made by bookseller Francis Noble in 1770, after Defoe's death in 1731.
Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright, it was first published in the United Kingdom by Jonathan Cape and in the United States by Putnam.
Les Enfants Terribles is a 1929 novel by Jean Cocteau, published by Editions Bernard Grasset.
Bound And Gagged: Pornography and the Politics of Fantasy in America is a 1996 book by Laura Kipnis.
Bump in the Night is a 1988 suspense novel by Isabelle Holland.
The first book publication was in 1907, and there were significant differences between the American and the English versions of the book.
"Franny" tells the story of Franny Glass, Zooey's sister, undergraduate at a small liberal arts college.
It was named an "ALA Notable Book" and a "School Library Journal Best Book" and it won the "Parents' Choice Gold Award".
It tells the story of Raimon Fosca, a man cursed to live forever.
Bellarion the Fortunate, published in 1926, is an historical novel by Rafael Sabatini.
In The Flopsy Bunnies, Benjamin Bunny and his cousin Flopsy are the parents of six young rabbits called simply The Flopsy Bunnies.
A shorter version of Black Easter was serialized as Faust Aleph-Null in If magazine, August–October 1967; the book edition retains the phrase as its subtitle.
Heartfire is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card.
The book's plot includes a major element of Secret History.
The most recent review says the novel requires a hefty suspension of disbelief.
The Science of Life is also notable for its introduction of modern ecological concepts.
By 2011 the novel had been translated into fifty-nine languages, with over forty million copies in print.
The anthology was inspired by a dream Asimov had on the morning of 3 April 1973.
It is the 13th book in the Redwall series to be published.
A television adaptation of the book, starring Tanya Allen as Del and Wendy Crewson as her mother Ada, aired on CBC Television in 1994.
In addition, the work incorporates contemporary medical science and examines the deeply reactionary mindset found within a settled community facing the prospect of unwelcome change.
This was the first novel by Hamilton to be published in hardcover in the United States, on 22 October 1999.
The title refers to both the contents of the novel, as well as to the term 'going postal'.
Memetics has become the subject of many studies since the publication of the book.
Mill attempts to establish standards for the relationship between authority and liberty.
The book is part of the Scènes de la vie parisienne section of Balzac's novel sequence La Comédie humaine.
These events include playing at the beach with his family, getting a bath, and meeting visitors while in hospital at Berck-sur-Mer.
The Napoleon of Notting Hill is a novel written by G. K. Chesterton in 1904, set in a nearly unchanged London in 1984.
In July 2007 it was confirmed that the book had been completed by Sebastian Faulks, titled Devil May Care.
The title is taken from Psalm 23:4.
Treason: Liberal Treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism is a 2003 book by Ann Coulter.
It is a fictionalized account of the last days of Simón Bolívar, liberator and leader of Gran Colombia.
The novel deals with events during that term, including inter-house rugby matches and the dastardly actions of a mysterious society called "the League".
He also writes about Indian secularism and Communalism, and alleges "that a clear majority of the riots are started by Muslims".
a girl who lives in the fictional town of Clarksbury.
The book was released on February 28, 2001, as the second volume of Open Court Publishing's Popular Culture and Philosophy series, which currently includes eighty books.
It was translated into English by Marc Romano.
For this to happen a human population must isolate itself and interbreed until it becomes a new species.
Filming of the documentary part of the film starts in the Autumn of 2013 in Poland, Angola, Portugal and Cuba.
His work up to this point was to show that faith was being mediated by knowledge.
Neither the location within Egypt nor the time of the events is ever identified.
It was Banks' second science fiction novel not based upon or set within the Culture universe, the first being Against a Dark Background.
He decides against helping her and keeps the money.
Pohl teamed up with Thomas T. Thomas to write a sequel, Mars Plus, published in 1994.
He renames her to a prosaic Bertha, declares her mad, and requires her to relocate to England.
The Final Solution: A Story of Detection is a 2004 novella  by Michael Chabon.
The documentary film, available on DVD, is narrated by Jacques Vroom, Jr. and contains a soundtrack featuring the music of singer-songwriter political activist, Michelle Shocked.
A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake is a 1944 work of literary criticism by mythologist Joseph Campbell and Henry Morton Robinson.
Hints abound that the vulnerable are to suffer, just as those driven by force of will begin their advance.
In The Lorax I was out to attack what I think are evil things and let the chips fall where they might."
He ultimately gives up everything to hold on to his honor, and for that he is exiled while Eitrigg is taken back by the orcs.
Titus Groan is a novel by Mervyn Peake.
Bass utilizes extensive biochemical and medical terminology in the narrative, and many scenes are quite clinically graphic.
The other two parts are Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord and The Troublesome Offspring of Cardinal Guzman.
It was published in Arabic in 1962 and translated into English in 1968.
The Scots Confession is a Confession of Faith written in 1560 by six leaders of the Protestant Reformation in Scotland.
It won the Booker Prize that year.
It established him as an important writer and remains his best known novel.
The novel starts as an edisonade, but turns into a space travel adventure when the characters goes into deep space.
Like nineteen of the twenty previous books, it was illustrated by John R. Neill.
The Hollow Man also by John Dickson Carr was voted the best.
The book was edited by Kevin J. Anderson and was released on December 1, 1995.
is a novel by Upton Sinclair, first published in 1926–27 and told as a third-person narrative, with only the opening pages written in the first person.
The end of the book sees Patty reflecting on what her life after college might be like.
James is a book published in June 2005 by The Alfie Roberts Institute.
This is the touchstone on which the real understanding and recognition of Marxism is to be tested."
   only, or equivalently of the orientational unit vector 
The threatening King Suppiluliuma has many of the overtones of Hitler.
The Saint and the Fiction Makers is the title of a 1968 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar, alias "The Saint".
The collection also contains short stories which do not take place in this universe.
The House On The Cliff is the second book in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.
A fourth atlas, Death's Domain, was added to the series.
It was completed by Jill Paton Walsh and published in 1998.
The Violet Keystone is the sixth and last book in Garth Nix's The Seventh Tower series, published in 2001 by Scholastic.
The series was made into a television series of the same name.
The first electronic version of the dictionary was made available in 1988.
In the book, Dawkins gives ideas about a seemingly-complex mechanism coming about from many gradual steps that were previously unseen.
The land through which John travels is composed of shires with such names as Puritania, Zeitgeistheim, Dialectica, Pagus.
Orsinian Tales is a collection of eleven short stories by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin, most of them set in the imaginary country of Orsinia.
This was reasserted by the Herbert estate after the 1999 publication of the prequel novel Dune: House Atreides by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson.
It was rediscovered in 1905 by R. Shamasastry, who published it in 1909.
Lost Horizon is a 1933 novel by English writer James Hilton.
He published it as a shareware novel on his web site in 1999, requesting that readers send him $1 if they liked the story.
It is the second novel in the Chronicles Trilogy, which along with the Legends Trilogy introduces the Dragonlance world.
The Phantom Tollbooth is a children's fantasy adventure novel written by Norton Juster with illustrations by Jules Feiffer, published in 1961 by Random House.
When Patty Went to College is Jean Webster's first novel, published in 1903.
For the song, see "Living My Life".
Iron Council is a weird fantasy novel by British writer China Miéville, his third set in the Bas-Lag universe, following Perdido Street Station and The Scar.
It posits that anthropocentrism and several other widely accepted modern ideas are actually cultural myths and that global civilization is enacting these myths with catastrophic consequences.
It details the knighthood of Alanna of Trebond as she lives in the Bazhir desert after her becoming a knight.
In it, he lays out his theory of the novel.
The colonists have enslaved the completely non-aggressive native Athsheans, and treat them very harshly.
Five Point Someone: What not to do at IIT!
The book adds many more questions that will be answered in the final books, and introduces the character Spits Abrams.
The Whole Family: a Novel by Twelve Authors is a collaborative novel told in twelve chapters, each by a different author.
Separate sections of the saga, as well as the lengthy story in its entirety, have been adapted for cinema and television.
The Bone People is a Booker Prize-winning 1984 novel by New Zealand writer Keri Hulme.
The miniseries starred Richard Chamberlain, Rachel Ward, Barbara Stanwyck, Christopher Plummer, Richard Kiley, Bryan Brown, Mare Winningham, Philip Anglim, and Jean Simmons.
Steel Gauntlet is the third novel of the military science fiction StarFist Saga, written by David Sherman and Dan Cragg.
The Art of Discworld is a descriptive book of the world of the Discworld as portrayed in Terry Pratchett's Discworld series.
The book is set during 1899 in China and is told through the viewpoint of multiple protagonists.
The word logia applies to teachings of Jesus used as source materials by the gospel writers in the writing of the canonical gospels.
This helped Forester to explain Hornblower's unsuitable first marriage besides giving an objective view of Hornblower himself.
But it is when Horace undergoes an altogether unforeseeable change of heart that the real difficulties begin.
The three stories had previously been published in The Thriller magazine in the UK.
Like most of Cook's other work, it is a medical thriller.
Little Women was an immediate commercial and critical success, and readers demanded to know more about the characters.
In his trip, Balthasar travels through the Ottoman Empire, to Italy, and London, while experiencing a myriad of problems due to the accursed book.
It is licensed for localized release in Russia, France, Germany, Thailand, Poland, Netherlands, Brazil and at least five other markets.
Flambards in Summer is a novel for children or young adults by K. M. Peyton, first published by Oxford in 1969 with illustrations by Victor Ambrus.
We Were the Mulvaneys tells the tale of the demise of this perfect family—an incident that is hushed up in town and never spoken of again.
The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter.
The book is based on the true story of Roy and Silo, two male chinstrap penguins in New York's Central Park Zoo.
Notes is considered by many to be one of the first existentialist novels.
The Taint is an original novel written by Michael Collier and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
To Say Nothing of the Dog: or, How We Found the Bishop's Bird Stump at Last is a 1997 comic science fiction novel by Connie Willis.
The world is all about peoples' imaginations.
Unable to make progress on that project, he turned to writing what became The Phantom Tollbooth, his first book.
She herself characterizes the book as being about physics and the multi-dimensional universe.
Darwin acknowledged Lamarck as an important zoologist, and his theory a forerunner of Darwin's evolution by natural selection.
The novel is based on short stories written in 1974 and is the first book McCaffrey set in her "Crystal universe".
It is the sixth and final novel in Sherman's Night Fighter Series.
It is the second installment of a trilogy known as The Celestial Triad.
An Accidental Cowboy is a memoir by Jameson Parker.
It was published on February 19, 1963 by W.W.Norton.
It features the Eighth Doctor, Fitz and Anji.
It won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 2005 and was nominated for the Arthur C. Clarke Award.
It won the 1982 Noma Literary Newcomer's Prize.
In 2008, Entertainment Weekly included On Writing on their "The New Classics: Books – The 100 best reads from 1983 to 2008" list.
A Portrait began life in 1903 as Stephen Hero—a projected 63-chapter autobiographical novel in a realistic style.
To Fear a Painted Devil is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell.
It was published first in Spanish by Plaza & Janés in 1998.
It was released on DVD in 2008.
It was first published as a book in Paris in 1892 with a preface by Élisée Reclus, who also suggested the title.
The Book of Documents or Classic of History, also known as the Shangshu, is one of the Five Classics of ancient Chinese literature.
Since its publication the book has been reprinted several times and achieved a cult following.
The novel was originally serialized as "Slowboat Cargo".
The first edition was published in 1984 and written by Raymond L. Velasco.
Boy Meets Boy is a young adult novel by David Levithan, published in 2003.
Dating back to the Qing dynasty, its earliest publication date is given as 1740.
The original text was written by Mildred Wirt Benson, and she has said that it is her personal favorite of the Nancy Drew Books she wrote.
The Tao of Zen is a nonfiction book by Ray Grigg, published by Charles E. Tuttle Company in 1994, and reprinted by Alva Press in 1999.
The book is dedicated to inventor Alexander Graham Bell.
They then published an edition under the current title, prepared from the corrected typescript given by Dick to his friend Tim Powers.
The book discusses Bryson's views on relocating to Hanover, New Hampshire, after spending two decades in Britain.
The characters are generally the wealthy and disaffected, or people who make a living off them, as well as parasites of various kinds.
A hierarchical suite of tables that support classification from a university campus or road network to a floor tile or kerb unit
The Player's Handbook) is a book of rules for the fantasy role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons.
It was the third, and final, novel written by Hawes, who died shortly before its publication.
Theatricals is a book of two plays by Henry James published in 1894.
Meanwhile, the females engage in sexual adventures, surviving by eating the brains of the miniature men, who have become little more than personified male genitals.
Shepherds of the Night is a Brazilian novel.
Approached with an idea for a book on erotic photographs, Madonna expanded on the idea and conceived the book and its content.
Love All The People: Letters, Lyrics, Routines is a posthumously released collection of routines, letters and lyrics by American comedian Bill Hicks.
The novel was translated into English in 2005 by Ina Rilke and published as Mr. Muo's Travelling Couch.
The method begins with basic exercises and progresses to very advanced compositions, including the famous arrangement of Carnival of Venice.
An Area of Darkness is a book written by V. S. Naipaul in 1964.
Eventually Wilson submitted the work to New Falcon Publications, which accepted it within 48 hours.
The novel takes place in the same universe as the novel The Legacy of Heorot.
The novel introduces the boys' arch-enemy Kaggs, who appears in other books in the Adventure series.
Though published in the United States since 1901, the Britannica has for the most part maintained British English spelling.
Most of the entries are quite short, the longest being a little over two pages.
After returning to the town that she grew up in, March finds herself reunited with the boy she fell in love with years before, Hollis.
The novel follows the exploits of a young, optimistic entrepreneur, the eponymous Martin Dressler, in late nineteenth century New York City.
Nearly 13,000 copies sold between July 4 and July 11, according to Nielsen BookScan.
Clans of the Alphane Moon is a 1964 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick.
Although a communist, Ira became a star in radio theater.
The "21" in Agenda 21 refers to the 21st Century.
The Whipping Boy is a Newbery medal-winning children's book by Sid Fleischman, published in 1987.
Partnoy's glimpses of her life in prison are understandably disjointed and meandering, but they stand as a record of character and fortitude.
It is the seventh of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
Set in Canada, it is narrated from the present day, referring to previous events that span the twentieth century.
Obsidian Butterfly is the ninth in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
The trilogy continues with Return to Eden.
The book divides architecture into four distinct elements: the hearth, the roof, the enclosure and the mound.
A much-revised fourth edition appeared in 1873.
Zola's self-portrait can be seen in the character of the novelist Pierre Sandoz.
This format would dominate the series during the late 1940s and through the 1950s.
Oz: Into the Wild is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
In 1994, the abridged audio versions of the first three books were published in cassette form.
The manuscript was completed in Degenershausen, a small village in the Harz mountains.
Lord Dismiss Us is a 1967 novel by Michael Campbell.
Bremer shot Wallace at the Laurel Shopping Center in Laurel, Maryland, while Wallace was making his third campaign for President on May 15, 1972.
The Spy Who Came in from the Cold is a 1963 Cold War spy novel by the British author John le Carré.
It was the first in the Heinlein juveniles, a long and successful series of science fiction novels published by Scribner's.
Ethan of Athos is a 1986 science fiction novel by American author Lois McMaster Bujold.
Her experiences and growth as an alien in another culture form the heart of the work.
Tolkien explained both their presence and their ambiguous loyalty with his interpretation of the story.
Book of Longing also collects some of the lyrics to songs from the albums Ten New Songs and Dear Heather.
It was later published as a complete novel by A. C. McClurg in September, 1918.
It introduced the idea of transformational generative grammar.
This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by David Grambs in 1965.
It was to be a guidebook not a set of instructions or "How to" manual to learn martial arts.
It was adapted into a film of the same name in 2001, starring Morgan Freeman as Cross.
The majority of Tibetan people and many Mongols adhere to Vajrayana Buddhism, which teaches the transmigration of spirits.
The book is about the topic of the general factor of human mental ability, or g.
Phenomenology of Perception is a 1945 book by the French philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty, in which the author expounds his thesis of "the primacy of perception".
Complete Arcane is a supplemental rulebook for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
It includes some rare footage, and was the first video released by the band.
Sheckley wrote a novelization of the film in 1966, and, in late 1980s, two more novels set in the same world.
Un Lun Dun is a young adult fantasy novel by China Miéville, released in 2007.
[Nelson] was stubborn enough to publish it when no one else seemed to think it was a good idea."
MGM does, however, approve each stage of novel's production, from initial outline to final draft.
The Magician's Nephew is a high fantasy novel for children by C. S. Lewis, published by Bodley Head in 1955.
It is narrated by Adolph Ng, an ethnic Chinese businessman educated in Canada.
For instance, he might buy Dickens, but read J.D.
Philosophical Fragments is a Christian philosophical work written by Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard in 1844.
Tandia is Bryce Courtenay's 1992 sequel to his own best-selling novel The Power of One.
A woman who follows The Rules is called a Rules Girl.
Red Prophet is an alternate history/fantasy novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Harriet S. Adams, the daughter of Edward Stratemeyer, in 1964.
The nightingale described within the poem experiences a type of death but does not actually die.
It has a place in the history of science fiction for its early employment of themes and motifs that later became staples of the genre.
South of the Border, West of the Sun is a short novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami.
He sets out for the city of Solla Sollew and learns that he must face his problems instead of running away from them.
The title for the book is derived from the final story in the collection.
Rocannon's World is the first novel by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin.
It is available in printed form, on CD-ROM, and on-line.
Burroughs wrote the novel when he was getting sober.
Come over to My House is a 1966 children's book written by Dr. Seuss and illustrated by Richard Erdoes.
It is the first sequel to American Tabloid in the Underworld USA Trilogy and continues many of the earlier novel's characters and plotlines.
Escape From The Shadows is the 1972 autobiography of Robin Maugham, later the 2nd Viscount Maugham.
It is followed by a sequel, "The Toyminator".
The story also contains elements of transhumanism, anarchism, and even hints about The Singularity.
At the end of the collection, a chronology of the Xeelee Sequence is provided.
This novel was the inspiration for a short-lived television series of the same name.
The book's message has been condemned by Japanese American groups and civil rights advocates.
The book is long – 793 pages in the first edition of 1917, 1116 pages in the second edition of 1942.
In Outer Space There Shone a Star
A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin is a book by American author Harriet Beecher Stowe.
T. Coraghessan Boyle's novel A Friend of the Earth is a story of environmental destruction.
Cycle of the Werewolf is a short horror novel by Stephen King, featuring illustrations by comic-book artist Bernie Wrightson.
Some authors have seen redeeming value in the work.
Trilogy, and Schrödinger's Cat is a sequel of sorts, re-using several of the same characters and carrying on many of the themes of the earlier work.
Superfolks is a 1977 novel by Robert Mayer.
Still, the events discussed are often based on historical happenings, such as the Seven Years' War and the 1755 Lisbon earthquake.
At a time when he declared the novel was dead Hemingway was composing the short prose pieces that would make him famous.
Heidegger attempts to create a more fundamental ontology through understanding being itself.
The book was first published in 1944.
Topics range from polemic assaults on pop culture figures to reflections on Spider-Man and his diagnosis with morbid obesity.
The plot begins with the marriage of Dr Maturin and Diana Villiers.
Conversations with Eternity is a book by John Chambers, published from a series of notes by Victor Hugo.
The test used was Fisher's exact test.
In January 1901, George M. Hill Company completed printing the first edition, a total of 10,000 copies, which quickly sold out.
School of Fire is the second novel of the military science fiction StarFist Saga, written by David Sherman and Dan Cragg.
Garden of Shadows is a novel by V. C. Andrews and was first published in 1987.
As a priest of the Chapel Royal, Barham was not troubled with strenuous duties and he had ample time to read and compose stories.
His starting point is John Keats' well-known, light-hearted accusation that Isaac Newton destroyed the poetry of the rainbow by 'reducing it to the prismatic colours.'
The Golden Notebook has been translated into a number of other languages.
Because of this, both companies became highly protective of their chocolate-making processes.
It tells the story of John Grimes, an intelligent teenager in 1930s Harlem, and his relationship to his family and his church.
It had previously been published in parts.
At the end of the evening, Mr Shaitana is discovered murdered.
The other two stories were included in For a Few Stories More.
An English translation by Ellie Schleussner, translator of several other works by Strindberg, was published in 1913 in London and is now in the public domain.
Now and On Earth is a 1942 novel by Jim Thompson.
A psychologically sound individual does not ignore or bury the evil within him.
Some readers have valued it, while others have criticised it for Stephen's expressions of self-hatred, and viewed it as inspiring shame.
He preferred to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.
The Discovery of America by the Turks is a Brazilian Modernist novel.
It has remained perpetually in print over the years, and is currently published by Bridge Publications, Inc.
The first printing of The Hunting of the Snark consisted of 10,000 copies.
The book assumes a level of understanding of POSIX operating systems; their design, commands and permission controls.
The hospital sequence displays one of the first examples of Powell's handling of emotion, much of it repressed, but powerful nonetheless.
It appeared in book form the following month.
Each image is accompanied by a title and a single line of text, which compel readers to create their own stories.
Among the issues addressed in it is the concept of purgatory, which he argues may be existential—not temporal—in duration.
It follows the members of each football team throughout the season, through the highs and lows of the season.
Roald Dahl's Tales of the Unexpected is a collection of sixteen short stories written by British author Roald Dahl and first published in 1979.
The trilogy was written by Ann C. Crispin.
The only one of the crew to find the Snark quickly vanishes, leading the narrator to explain that it was a Boojum after all.
Gaston is incredibly kind, innocent and naive, which causes different people to like him, help him, or take advantage of him.
The book includes many songs which are connected to the story.
Forward the Foundation is a novel by American writer Isaac Asimov, published posthumously in 1993.
Devil's Cub is a Georgian romance novel written by Georgette Heyer.
It is the second novel in the series featuring private investigator Cormoran Strike, and is a sequel to The Cuckoo's Calling.
Rune War is the twenty-fourth book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
The book was revised and republished in 1996, with new material added.
The Notting Hill Mystery is an English-language detective novel written under the pseudonym "Charles Felix", with illustrations by George du Maurier.
The book is about probability and how it applies to the theory of evolution.
Both books were first published as independent short stories in science fiction magazines.
The novel attracted a new following for Rand and has had ongoing influence, especially among political libertarians and in the field of architecture.
It was published between February 5, 2001 and March 19, 2002.
As a 35,000 word novella it was first published in the fantasy magazine Unknown for April, 1941.
The author leaves the main character unnamed, although near the end, an old man says that this character is "Jessie Duggan's boy."
The English version of the novel was published in 1995, and the book was reported to be the best-selling book in the world in that year.
In particular, Russell has in mind social power, that is, power over people.
It would only make things harder for them, suddenly to set them free."
It is commonly referred to as the Lions book.
It is one of his earliest, and lesser known, works.
Dark Visions is a horror fiction compilation, with three short stories by Stephen King, three by Dan Simmons and a novella by George R. R. Martin.
Sijan died two weeks later in a prisoner jail in Hanoi.
He leaves the ship, but his unseen tormentors follow him.
The book is one of Michener’s journalistic works and much shorter than the episodic novels that he wrote over the next thirty years.
The Twits was adapted for the stage in 2007.
It was received negatively by both critics and fans of the singer, who felt she had "gone too far."
The term "Qadiani" is a derogatory term which refers to members of the Ahmadiyya Community.
They were published between 1984 and 1985.
The Red Napoleon is a novel by Floyd Gibbons predicting a Soviet conquest of Europe and invasion of America.
Profiles in Terror: A Guide to Middle East Terrorist Organizations is a 2004 book by Aaron Mannes.
It is narrated in the first person.
It depicts a 1960 road trip around the United States made by Steinbeck, in the company of his standard poodle, Charley.
Liar's Poker is a non-fiction, semi-autobiographical book by Michael Lewis describing the author's experiences as a bond salesman on Wall Street during the late 1980s.
By Royal Command  is the fifth novel in the Young Bond series depicting Ian Fleming's superspy James Bond as a teenager in the 1930s.
The first printing of the British edition consisted of 506 copies.
A Happy Death is clearly the precursor to Camus' most famous work, The Stranger, published in 1942.
The Swimming-Pool Library is a 1988 novel by Alan Hollinghurst.
The book follows Angelou to several places in the US and Africa, but the most important journey she describes is "a voyage into the self."
Iles' novel is experimental in that it is not a whodunit: It does not take long to determine the identity of the villain and his motives.
It was published on July 7, 2009.
Guy Mannering or The Astrologer is a novel by Sir Walter Scott, published anonymously in 1815.
Since Bailey's death in 1983, the book has been updated by historians David M. Kennedy and Lizabeth Cohen, and it is now in its sixteenth edition.
Part One constitutes Frankl's analysis of his experiences in the concentration camps, while Part Two introduces his ideas of meaning and his theory called logotherapy.
The Foundation Series is often regarded as one of Isaac Asimov's best works, along with his Robot series.
Volume III: The Electron, Proton, and Neutron
His initial attempt fails, and the two eventually come to blows.
See also 50 goals in 50 games.
It was published in US by Dodd, Mead and Company in February 1939 under the title of Murder for Christmas.
Doctor Glas, an epistolary novel by Hjalmar Söderberg, tells the story of a physician in 19th-century Sweden who deals with moral and love issues.
The articles were first serialized in Rolling Stone magazine throughout 1972 and later released as a book in early 1973.
The book has been consistently in print until 1989.
During the French Revolution, Emile served as the inspiration for what became a new national system of education.
8 - Find your voice and inspire others to find theirs
Three manga volumes have been released: Coronation Volume 1: The Merlin Prophecy, Coronation Volume 2: Homecoming, and Coronation Volume 3: Hunter's Moon.
Páramo was a key influence of Latin American writers such as Gabriel García Márquez.
Captain Robert Singh of the spacecraft Goliath is sent to deflect it.
By 1992, the novel had sold three million copies worldwide.
Confessions of an Advertising Man is a 1963 book by David Ogilvy.
Rogue State: A Guide to the World's Only Superpower is a book by William Blum first published in 2000.
Memoirs of a Spacewoman is a science fiction novel by Naomi Mitchison, already a noted novelist and poet and sister of the famous biologist J.B.S.
Rupert of Hentzau is a sequel by Anthony Hope to The Prisoner of Zenda, written in 1895, but not published until 1898.
Some historians believe that an alliance was attempted by the Papal Court with the Mongols against the Muslim world, which ultimately failed.
The events occur against a backdrop that parallels the Soviet Union's last days, with characters based upon Mikhail Gorbachev, Boris Yeltsin, and others.
The morphology of the material affects the angle of repose; smooth, rounded sand grains cannot be piled as steeply as can rough, interlocking sands.
A Daughter of the Snows is Jack London's first novel.
Its uniqueness was attributed to the large amount of access allowed to Stewart in putting the book together.
It features the Seventh Doctor, Chris, Bernice, Jason and Liz.
"Let's Go to Prague" by John Ringo
For the alcoholic mixed drink, see Punch
The narrator is the same member of the eighteenth and final human species who purportedly induced Stapledon to write Last and First Men.
The Seven Sisters details the fictional characters known as the Seven Sisters of the Forgotten Realms campaign setting.
A sequel to PIHKAL: A Chemical Love Story, TIHKAL is an acronym that stands for "Tryptamines I Have Known and Loved."
The book version includes material edited out of the original articles, as well as photographs of the various cities.
Dans l'enfer des tournantes is a book by French activist Samira Bellil.
It was influential in the development of the zombie-vampire genre of fiction, and in popularizing the concept of a worldwide apocalypse due to disease.
As such, the focus of the story is on characters who appeared in the first book.
There have been both positive and negative reactions to The Satanic Bible.
It has two sequels, Al Capone Shines My Shoes and Al Capone Does My Homework.
After Sisterhood Is Global: The International Women's Movement Anthology came its follow up, Sisterhood Is Forever: The Women's Anthology for a New Millennium.
The work is slightly related to Eddison's later Zimiamvian Trilogy, and collectively they are sometimes referred to as the Zimiamvian series.
Described as an "oracle of all things DIY", the Pocket Ref has been featured on the television series MythBusters.
In the book 9-year-old Susannah is sent to Regina, Saskatchewan to spend the summer with her uncle who is a Mountie.
It was originally claimed that the book was written by a Tibetan monk named Lobsang Rampa.
Moon Palace is a novel written by Paul Auster that was first published in 1989.
The book won the Booker Prize and the Governor General's Award.
She originally intended to publish an article on the topic, not a book, but no magazine would publish her article.
A second video, Tristan Taormino's Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women #2, was released in 2000.
The Coming of the Quantum Cats is a 1986 science fiction novel by American writer Frederik Pohl.
Publishers Weekly listed It as the best-selling book in the United States in 1986.
The Satanic Bible is not considered to be sacred scripture in the way that the Christian Bible is to Christianity.
Abarat: Days of Magic, Nights of War will be followed by three more books, Absolute Midnight, The Dynasty Of Dreamers, and the currently named The Eternal.
[...] The city is a beautiful one, and cannot fail, I should imagine, to impress all strangers very favourably."
In 1998, the Modern Library ranked The Wapshot Chronicle 63rd on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater, or Pearls Before Swine, is a novel written by Kurt Vonnegut, published in 1965.
Incidental music to the play was written by Alexandre Artus in 1880.
The Land of Mist is a novel written by Arthur Conan Doyle in 1926.
Together, the series shows the subtle decline of a good man into madness and show the dark side of the swashbuckling romantic hero.
His friend Ben Wasson was the model for Horace Benbow, while Faulkner's brother Murry served as the antetype for young Bayard Sartoris.
As in all three of Mirrlees's novels, a drawing of the constellation Ursa Major appears printed on the last page of The Counterplot.
The book was translated into Japanese in 1948 and became a bestseller in the People's Republic of China when relations with Japan soured.
Fynn recounts his time spent with Anna, and gives a very personal account of her outpourings on life, mathematics, science and her mentor, Mister God.
Wisdom of War is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Social Anarchism or Lifestyle Anarchism: An Unbridgeable Chasm is a polemical essay by Murray Bookchin published as a book in 1995.
Some chapters first appeared in Les Temps modernes.
Not only are they better, but they want you, and you will love them for making a new and better you.
The Akhenaten Adventure is a novel by the Scottish writer P.B.
The original book was published in 1929 by Jonathan Cape in London, and contains a preface by Dutton and an introduction by Hilaire Belloc.
The main title is an acronym that stands for "Phenethylamines I Have Known And Loved".
This allows altruistic behaviour to develop, and causes the optimum solution to the dilemma, to no longer be to defect but instead to cooperate.
44 Scotland Street is an episodic novel by Alexander McCall Smith, the author of The No.
Verne dedicated the novel to the memory of Alexandre Dumas, pere, hoping to make Mathias Sandorf the Monte Cristo of Voyages Extraordinaires series.
Shadowmarch is the first novel in the Shadowmarch tetralogy, by Tad Williams.
He presents the results of his statistical analysis of crime data for every county in the United States during 29 years from 1977 to 2005.
This is in line with Joyce's tripartite division of the collection into childhood, adolescence and maturity.
Another example of such a title in Strugatskys' books is the Roadside Picnic, describing a possible origin of the "Zones".
It also chronicles the rise of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the 'Father of the Turkish Nation'.
Published in 1925, the novel was written over the course of several years.
Other tales relate the origin of chopsticks, and an instance when mud pies are revealed to be the origin of fine China.
In it, Coulter offers advice gleaned from her experience as a political pundit.
It features the Seventh Doctor, Ace and Bernice.
During Super Edition #1, Teddy sends them on a mission instead of Morgan or Merlin.
Hilberg revised his work in 1985, and it appeared in a new three-volume edition.
The Naked Face is the first novel written by Sidney Sheldon.
Tales from the Perilous Realm is a compilation of some of the lesser-known writings of J. R. R. Tolkien published in 1997 by HarperCollins without illustrations.
The story is set during the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812.
At Swim, Two Boys is a novel by Irish writer Jamie O'Neill.
The new family moving into Iggie's house are the first black people in the neighborhood.
The novel was well received in the UK and the US when it was published.
The novel is about the failed communist insurrection in Shanghai in 1927, and the existential quandaries facing a diverse group of people associated with the revolution.
Unlike most of Davies' previous novels, The Cunning Man was not part of a trilogy.
Three Junes is Julia Glass' debut novel.
Others stories include "King Looie Katz", another warning against hierarchical society advocating self-reliance, and "The Glunk That Got Thunk" about the power of run-away imagination.
Simon and the Witch is a children's book by Margaret Stuart Barry, published by Collins, illustrated by Linda Birch.
Son of Spellsinger is a fantasy novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster.
The Voyage of the Space Beagle is a science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt in the space opera subgenre.
The novel was followed by a sequel called The Queen's Fool, set during the reign of Henry's daughter, Queen Mary.
Michael Winton, brother of Queen Elizabeth III and Crown Prince of Manticore, embarks on his "snotty" cruise following his studies at Saganami Naval Academy.
They believed in little or none of the miracles and supernaturalism inherent in the Judeo-Christian tradition.
Throughout the novel, underlying themes appear of mundane heroism and nuclear holocaust.
In the twentieth century, it greatly influenced conservative and classical liberal intellectuals, who recast Burke's Whiggish arguments as a critique of communist and revolutionary-socialist programmes.
The Secret of Sinharat is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett set on the planet Mars, whose protagonist is Eric John Stark.
Along with Ponniyin Selvan, this is widely regarded as one of the greatest novels ever written in Tamil.
The narrator is a student conducting an antiquarian tour of New England.
In genre, The Three Musketeers is primarily a historical and adventure novel.
It explores the links between Lewis Carroll and the Sunderland area, with wider themes of history, myth and storytelling.
"When you ride the winged horse, you can't dismount.
The Areas of My Expertise is a satirical almanac by John Hodgman.
The cookbook featured a number of the recipes favored by the restaurant at the time.
The story focuses on a mystical puzzle box and the horror it wreaks on a family that is unfortunate enough to come across it.
The Middle Years is an incomplete book of autobiography by Henry James, posthumously published in 1917.
Goel was also criticized by Christian author and nun Vandana Mataji.
Horse is a somewhat tragic, though historically humorous, character with echoes of other famous characters in popular culture such as Reverend Jim Ignatowski of Taxi fame.
The exploration of decadence in the novel reflects the influence of Schopenhauer's The World as Will and Representation on the young Mann.
Witchcraft Today is a non-fiction book written by Gerald Gardner.
In 2008, it was confirmed that producers David Johnson and Jesse Singer were developing a musical adaptation of the novel to appear on Broadway.
Effinger started work on a fourth Audran novel, Word of Night, but died before that work was completed.
It was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in 1997.
A Painted House is a February 2001 novel by American author John Grisham.
The Wapshot Chronicle is the debut novel by John Cheever about an eccentric family that lives in a Massachusetts fishing village.
A Ring of Endless Light is a 1980 novel by Madeleine L'Engle.
Jar City, also known as Tainted Blood, is a crime novel by Icelandic author Arnaldur Indriðason, first published in Iceland in 2000.
The story takes place in an unnamed Midwestern city in 1973–1974.
It tells the story of Dorothy Hare, the clergyman's daughter of the title, whose life is turned upside down when she suffers an attack of amnesia.
High Crimes and Misdemeanors: The Case Against Bill Clinton is a 1998 book by Ann Coulter, published by Regnery Publishing.
It is the first 3.5 edition supplemental rulebook published by Wizards of the Coast which focuses on psionics since the Expanded Psionics Handbook.
Bring the Jubilee by Ward Moore is a 1953 novel of alternate history.
During the Moratorium, demonstrations are held while buildings are bombed and people die.
Memories and Portraits is a collection of essays by Robert Louis Stevenson, first published in 1887.
The book was first published in 1942 under the US title Falling Through Space with a cover showing an airman plummeting through the sky.
The Borrowers won the 1952 Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's outstanding children's book by a British author.
Meyer wrote his screenplay as Alexander finished the novel and the two freely shared ideas for their respective iterations.
Snow Country is a novel by the Japanese author Yasunari Kawabata.
Disney A to Z: The Official Encyclopedia is the official encyclopedia of The Walt Disney Company.
The original version of this title is noted for being the first Hardy Boys book in which Aunt Gertrude makes an appearance.
The film is a US version of the West rather than the Canadian West of the book.
The Kalkars, villains of Burroughs' other novel The Moon Maid, were also modeled on the Russian Communists.)
The Great Hunt consists of a prologue and 50 chapters.
Durant attempts to show the interconnection of their ideas and how one philosopher's ideas informed the next.
It was the basis for a 1992 motion picture, The Mambo Kings, as well as a musical in 2005.
"Kill Now—Pay Later", serialized in three issues of The Saturday Evening Post
Gilbert and Gubar draw their title from Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre, in which Rochester's wife is kept secretly locked in an attic apartment by her husband.
The Honorary Consul is a British thriller novel by Graham Greene, published in 1973.
The contents of this book are reprinted in Didion's We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live: Collected Nonfiction.
He makes excuse after excuse, finally disqualifying all the tigers until he must fight no tigers at all.
The Deptford Mice Almanack is a book to accompany the Deptford Mice and Histories Trilogies by Robin Jarvis.
It was nominated for the Nebula Award in 1972, and both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1973.
Subsequent works were done by other authors.
Each of the three stories depicts three central, semi-consistent character-types: a young boy, a man, and a woman.
Dragons of Light is an anthology edited by Orson Scott Card.
The UK edition retailed at £2.00 and the US edition at $6.95.
Troubled by the turmoil, Jagan decides to retire from active working.
The main character and narrator is a sensitive, modest writer, with a girlfriend studying in Mexico City.
The Encyclopédie is most famous for representing the thought of the Enlightenment.
A Salty Piece of Land is a 2004 novel by bestselling author and songwriter Jimmy Buffett.
A lengthy portion of this novel takes place on an extrapolated Heron Island, Australia.
"Dawn" also breaks the fourth wall by having Templar reference Charteris and his stories in dialogue.
Mortalis is a novel that spans the gap between the first and second DemonWars Saga trilogies by R. A. Salvatore.
The colors indicate which of 5 characters is speaking at the moment, according to the introduction of the book.
Charteris decided that Templar should no longer be tied down to just one woman.
The Puzzle Palace is a book written by James Bamford and published in 1982.
The video games have also been adapted into a manga series.
It was first published as a serialisation in Le Gaulois from September 23, 1909, to January 8, 1910.
At the Barbican Centre in London in October 2007, Cohen joined Glass onstage for a pre-concert discussion.
The German station ZDF produced a TV adaptation of Empty World in 1987.
The Chronicle of the Priest of Duklja is the usual name given to an alleged medieval chronicle written by an anonymous priest from Duklja.
The book was adapted into a play in 1979 by a Troy University theatre professor and produced by the school's drama department.
It was novelised by its scriptwriter Philip Martin, who had previously written the television stories Vengeance on Varos and Mindwarp.
Part of The Janie Johnson series, it was later adapted into a film for television.
Just William is the first book of children's short stories about the young school boy William Brown, written by Richmal Crompton, and published in 1922.
There are currently several models of EI.
In 2006, Silent Spring was named one of the 25 greatest science books of all time by the editors of Discover Magazine.
The New Soldier documents what VVAW called Operation Dewey Canyon III.
It conforms to high standards of mathematical rigour, while compressing much actual formulaic information also.
An American version was published as Darwin's Ghost: The Origin of Species Updated.
The book was written by several authors, and was helped into print by Matt Groening.
It is from this unchronicled tale that The Notorious Canary Trainers take their name.
The Tao Te Ching, Daodejing, Dao De Jing, or Daode jing, also simply referred to as the Laozi, is a Chinese classic text.
The authors, who are informed by Marxism, have been criticized for misrepresenting the views of scientists such as Edward O. Wilson and Richard Dawkins.
Rand wrote the screenplay, and Gary Cooper played Roark.
It was adapted into film by Roland Joffé in 1992.
Set in England, it is one of Burnett's most popular novels and is considered a classic of English children's literature.
It has been called the "greatest of all American urban novels".
After 1878, the rudiments of music were deleted.
The book is an example of metafiction, as Asimov himself appears as a character doing research for a murder mystery set at a booksellers' convention.
Main Force Assault is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books.
The First Sex is a 1971 book by the American librarian Elizabeth Gould Davis, considered part of the second wave of feminism.
Two anthropology professors from New Mexico plan a summer research trip on the Navajo Reservation.
The novel is the third and final volume in Harrison's Eden.
It is a handbook for spiritual life arising from the Devotio Moderna movement, of which Kempis was a member.
While essentially a guide book, there are three main sections: Hemingway's work, pictures, and a glossary of terms.
There is a "sub-series" involving just the character Festima Ramos, and sometimes the female Oar.
Ben Jelloun continued the story of Mohammed Ahmed/Zahra in his award-winning 1987 novel, The Sacred Night.
Dream Boy is a 1995 novel by Jim Grimsley.
Orin Starn is an anthropologist and writer at Duke University.
The novel deals with questions of racial, linguistic and gender identity in interconnected ways.
This way of study valued language's place in the mind over language behavior.
The story has been adapted for the cinema on several occasions.
Neal Stephenson provided an "Introduction" to a reissued paperback edition, which Stephenson reprinted in his collection Some Remarks : Essays and Other Writing.
In the book, Fry is candid about his past indiscretions, including stealing, cheating and lying.
It won the 1986 Governor General's Award for English Fiction, her third win of that award.
The Day of Forever, is a collection of science fiction short stories by British writer J. G. Ballard.
There was also an earlier, more comprehensive, BBC Radio adaptation.
Some in the scientific community have criticized the book and regard it as pseudoscientific.
The book was followed in 2008 by a sequel, Very Hard Choices.
Jagan however develops an affection for Grace and feels Mali is not giving her the attention she deserves.
There is also an underlying, completely deadpan, humor throughout the book that can be easily overlooked.
The book features a large collection of Culture ship names, some of which give subtle clues about the roles these ships' Minds play in the story.
A New Bible in the Words of Jehovih and His Angel Ambassadors.
The Lazarus Effect is the third science fiction novel set in the Destination: Void universe by the American author Frank Herbert and poet Bill Ransom.
It was later placed in his first short story collection "Call to Arms" in 1923 and is the longest story in the collection.
The Other Side of Midnight is a novel by American writer Sidney Sheldon published in 1973.
Ourika is an 1823 novel by Claire de Duras, originally published anonymously.
The novel is considered by many to be an example of the "chick lit" genre.
The October Country was published in the United Kingdom by Rupert Hart-Davis Ltd. in 1956, and reissued in 1976 by Grafton, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers.
Another fictional book by Gann, Island in the Sky, is also based on a true story told in Fate is the Hunter.
As Asaro's debut novel, it first appeared as a hardcover in 1995.
By the Light of the Moon is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz, released in 2002.
The series is set in England just before, during, and after World War I.
In English writing, the phrase "a modest proposal" is now conventionally an allusion to this style of straight-faced satire.
The film was directed by Sam Wood and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
The book was dedicated to Ben Linder, who was killed by the Contras on April 28, 1987.
The boy hears his father may be in Bartow and later Gilmer counties but the author does not specify where the boy lives.
The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace.
Usually the first volume is a translation of "Emergence".
The Compass Rose is a 1982 collection of short stories by Ursula K. Le Guin.
Night of the Aurochs is an unfinished novel by Dalton Trumbo, published posthumously in 1979.
It should be distinguished from the ode on the same subject in Les Chants du crépuscule.
The Critique of Pure Reason is a book by Immanuel Kant that is considered one of the most influential works in the history of philosophy.
It received generally positive reviews and won the British Guardian Children's Fiction Prize and the American Printz Award for young-adult literature.
      
The book was 210 pages, and was published in August 1990.
In the two-player game, two scores are kept track of on a piece of paper in order to keep both players' game experiences synchronized.
The Sea of Trolls is a fantasy novel for children, written by American author Nancy Farmer and published by Atheneum in 2004.
The story-sequence would have extended to modern times had Williams lived to finish it.
Star Smashers of the Galaxy Rangers is a 1973 comic science fiction novel by Harry Harrison.
The story deals with humanity in an age of intelligent machines and of the aching loneliness endemic in an overpopulated future where child creation is controlled.
The Hockey Sweater is Carrier's most famous work and is considered an iconic piece of Canadian literature.
The first book in the series, Warriors of Legend: Reflections of Japan in Sailor Moon is the only book published so far.
The story was made into a silent, black-and-white movie in 1919.
A third edition was published in 2001.
Odd John: A Story Between Jest and Earnest is a 1935 science fiction novel by the British author Olaf Stapledon.
The title is a play on the katydid, a family of insects – which explains the insects on the first edition book cover.
The Tin Drum is a 1959 novel by Günter Grass.
Introduction to Algorithms is a book by Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson, Ronald L. Rivest, and Clifford Stein.
A Fine Dark Line is a 2002 novel by American writer Joe R. Lansdale.
Rolling Stone Magazine called it a “funny, horribly accurate look at life in California in the 1950s.”
The book concludes with the story "Standing Down," in which Friesland revolutionaries hire the Slammers to overthrow the government of Friesland.
The New York Times Book Review listed it as one of the ten best books of 2005.
The book was a finalist for the Arts and Letters category of the National Book Award
Robert Silverberg later expanded it into a novel with the same title published in 1992.
It sold almost 600,000 copies in the first year of its publication.
Framboise remembers her difficult relationship with her mother and two siblings as well as her dangerous friendship with a young German officer.
References include But there was something disquieting about him—secret, silent, self-contained, and solitary as an oyster and The fate of mankind is my business.
But it was the concept of the big expanse of time that interested me."
The title makes reference to the fictional tradition of the wicked stepmother.
The novel, along with its sequels, follows the under water adventures of a U.S Navy deep sea diver named Jonas Taylor.
The book has been translated into other languages, including German and Danish.
      
Too Many Cooks is the fifth Nero Wolfe detective novel by American mystery writer Rex Stout.
Flinx's Folly is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster.
The first mass-market paperback edition appeared in April 2007.
It was Mann's first novel, published in 1901 when he was twenty-six years old.
It features the Fifth Doctor, Tegan, and Nyssa.
The name South Park Conservatives derives from Andrew Sullivan's term, "South Park Republican".
In 1968 it was loosely adapted into a film of the same name.
These are high-stakes games with massive publicity and cutting edge technology, and they are therefore attractive to a variety of criminals.
Lucian's True Stories eludes a clear-cut literary classification.
The gamebook was also adapted into a video game.
Thrilling Cities was initially a series of articles Fleming wrote for The Sunday Times, based on two trips he took.
In 1955, a "De Luxe" edition was introduced, and had gone through 57 reprints by 2006.
The Accursed Share: An Essay on General Economy is a book about political economy by the French intellectual Georges Bataille.
is a BBC Books original novel written by Keith Topping and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The cover and elements of the story are spoofs of the James Bond movies.
Towards the end of the book the sleepers in the world are recorded by a special machine.
The Mystery Of Cabin Island is Volume 8 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.
Its protagonist, Amory Blaine, is an attractive Princeton University student who dabbles in literature.
Peter Duck is the third book in the Swallows and Amazons series by Arthur Ransome.
The book exploits the belief in the coexistence of the spiritual and material worlds that is a defining aspect of traditional African life.
Publisher Tor Books has yet to officially purchase the next novel What Fools These Mortals, which is currently being written by Nylund.
The Orchard Keeper is the first novel by the American novelist Cormac McCarthy.
Murder on the Midnight Plane is book 3 in the Usborne Puzzle Adventure series of children's books.
In 2004, a documentary film was directed and produced by Joseph Mealey and Michael Paradies Shoob with the shortened title, Bush's Brain.
It also includes McCourt's struggles with poverty and his father's alcoholism.
However, as the sloop on which it is being transported docks in Salvador, the statue gets up and walks off the ship.
It was a major advance in the history of anatomy over the long-dominant work of Galen, and presented itself as such.
One of them, joining in with the 'cool crew', helps to steal an old woman's cane.
It "encompasses behavioral dispositions and self perceived abilities and is measured through self report".
The story is about a rich Chinese man, Kin-Fo, who is bored with life, and after some business misfortune decides to die.
The Wonderful Adventures of Nils is a work of fiction by the Swedish author Selma Lagerlöf.
It was awarded the 1999 Thurber Prize for American Humor.
The book was adapted into a stage production in 1924, and a film in 1977.
A History of Philosophy is an eleven-volume history of Western philosophy written by English Jesuit priest Frederick Charles Copleston.
This regionalist novel deals with the confrontation between civilization and the barbaric aspects of the rural environment and its inhabitants.
And yet despite this seemingly agonizing struggle, Potok remained active as an artist/writer and engaged in the religion of his upbringing until his death in 2002.
The work established Merleau-Ponty as the pre-eminent philosopher of the body, and is considered a major statement of French existentialism.
The official version of those laws not codified in the United States Code can be found in United States Statutes at Large.
It was first published in October 1991 in the United States in a hardcover edition by Ballantine Books under its Del Rey Books imprint.
At the camp she is put in charge of a group of young girls whom she is expected to shepherd through the beginnings of adolescence.
Lajja is a novel in Bengali by Taslima Nasrin, a writer of Bangladesh.
The events in both novels take place consecutively some time after the immediate aftermath of the singularity.
Additional fascicle installments are planned for release approximately biannually; Volume 4, Fascicle 6 was released in December 2015.
The book was published in Portuguese translation as Uma nova história universal da infâmia in April 2006.
Tarr comments in the endnotes that she was surprised at how little she had to tweak historical fact to write the story.
Other contributors include Mike Ashley, Neil Gaiman, Diana Wynne Jones, David Langford, Sam J. Lundwall, Michael Scott Rohan, Brian Stableford and Lisa Tuttle.
Wiggin wrote a sequel, New Chronicles of Rebecca.
The children's book tells the story of a bull who would rather smell flowers than fight in bullfights.
Warcraft: Of Blood and Honor is the first novel set in Blizzard Entertainment's Warcraft universe.
The book was the prelude to Brock's launching of his organization Media Matters for America.
It contains several elements and themes which also appear in the author's scholarly work, such as initiation rites and the division between sacred and profane time.
It received generally positive reviews from reviewers and scholars, and was variously described as moving and hard-hitting.
Instead, Helper crafted an analysis that appealed to whites' rational self-interest, rather than any altruism towards blacks.
As I Lay Dying is a 1930 novel, in the genre of Southern Gothic, by American author William Faulkner.
The first edition was authored solely by Randal L. Schwartz, and covered Perl 4.
Watership Down is a fantasy adventure novel by English author Richard Adams, published by Rex Collings Ltd of London in 1972.
It is the first of the Charlie Chan mysteries written by Biggers.
A semi-sequel, Calcium Made Interesting, was released in 2005.
The book was highly acclaimed by many historians of the Balkans, including Traian Stoianovich and Mark Mazower.
"The Man Who Was Clever": Simon Templar seeks to bring a drug smuggler to justice.
They were released posthumously by the Tolkien estate on 2 September 1976, the 3rd anniversary of Tolkien’s death.
The first version, published in 1667, consisted of ten books with over ten thousand lines of verse.
In October 2007, a sequel was released titled Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy.
Heinlein also repeatedly makes explicit the analogy between the mind-controlling parasites and the Communist Russians, echoing the prevailing Second Red Scare in the United States.
In Treehorn's Treasure, the main character Treehorn discovers that money does in fact grow on trees – his tree!
The book won the Brisbane City Council's One Book One Brisbane competition in 2003.
It is de Bernières' first published novel, but is an accomplished and complex work.
The Picture of Dorian Gray is a philosophical novel by Oscar Wilde, first published complete in the July 1890 issue of Lippincott's Monthly Magazine.
It has been translated into seven foreign languages.
The work was published in France between 1913 and 1927.
The book was written by Gunn after having numerous long interviews with Kaufman about his life.
Lucky Child covers the period of 1980 until 2003.
The Lair of the White Worm is a horror novel by the Irish writer Bram Stoker.
The picaresque plot elements have prompted scholars and reviewers to compare it to similar British urban adventure stories written by Charles Dickens and Daniel Defoe.
It features the popular Endless characters from Neil Gaiman's The Sandman comic book reimagined as toddlers.
Stone lived in Italy for years visiting many of the locations in Rome and Florence, worked in marble quarries, and apprenticed himself to a marble sculptor.
It was later issued as part of Ace double novel D-295, paired with Vance's Slaves of the Klau.
The book and its conclusions were challenged by several subsequent publications.
It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award in the year 2000 and has sold over 15 million copies worldwide.
It was written just after Huxley and his wife moved to Italy, where they lived from 1923 to 1927.
Falconer's Lure is a 1957 falconry-based novel by Antonia Forest.
Haley spent the last chapter of the book describing his research in archives and libraries to support his family's oral tradition with written records.
The new play opened on 23 November 2014 in Liverpool before transferring to London and Brighton.
A period of about 8 months is covered, from Spring to the onset of Winter.
They travel to the mountains to return a baby Rat Creature back to his own kind.
The Golem's Eye is a children's novel of alternate history, fantasy and magic.
The story covers a short time in the life of young Hedley Hopkins, an English immigrant to Australia in the 1950s.
The word "ansible" for a faster-than-light communicator, was coined in the novel.
Within the loosely connected Eagle of the Ninth series, The Lantern Bearers is first of the specifically "Arthurian" works.
In 1957 it was reissued as The Prodigy, in the Peter Owen Publishers translation.
The book offers twenty 'Poetry Exercises', with one or two in each chapter.
When his publishers at Bantam requested extensive rewrites he canned the project and reworked it into the VALIS trilogy.
Still, at the turn of the second millennium, linguists and non-linguists alike praised the book.
Its plot cannot be easily described, although it can be said focuses upon conspiracy and the hero getting away from the police.
Another notable feature is the inclusion of two dialogues in the style of those appearing in Gödel, Escher, Bach.
It is the final novel in the saga's original story arc.
Odes et Ballades, published in 1828, is the most complete version of a collection of poems by Victor Hugo written and published between 1822 and 1828.
The book expresses details of the history of American expansionism from a point of view that is critical of its effects on the Native Americans.
Excerpts from the novel were serialized in the magazine Omni.
Of Men and Monsters is a science fiction novel by American writer William Tenn, published in June 1968 as a paperback by Ballantine Books.
It is originally based upon a novelette, "Of Mist, and Grass, and Sand", for which McIntyre won her first Nebula Award in 1973.
The Magic Tree House is an American series of children's books written by American author Mary Pope Osborne.
Quantum mechanics plays an essential role in the understanding of human consciousness, specifically, he believes that microtubules within neurons support quantum superpositions.
and is in theatrical distribution via TUGG.com as well as being for sale on Amazon.com as a streaming video and as a Blu-ray/DVD combo pack.
Hannibal's Children is a 2002 alternate history novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts.
The All and Everything trilogy also includes Meetings with Remarkable Men and Life Is Real Only Then, When 'I Am'.
Superior Saturday is the sixth novel by Garth Nix in his The Keys to the Kingdom series.
The novel was her first to be translated into English in 2003 by David Bellos.
Because of the success of the novel, however, he quit his job and began to write full-time.
Voltaire ridicules religion, theologians, governments, armies, philosophies, and philosophers through allegory; most conspicuously, he assaults Leibniz and his optimism.
The book was adapted into a film of the same name in 2002.
The Flora was released in CD form in 2001, and the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh have made an index to the plant names available online.
"The Children's Story" is a 4,300-word short story by James Clavell.
Book of Vile Darkness is an optional supplemental sourcebook for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
In the 14th chapter he discusses the concept of "Hindu Fascism".
Bette works with Valérie Marneffe, an unhappily married young lady, to seduce and torment a series of men.
Since 1990, a play based on the novel has been performed annually in Harper Lee's hometown.
Harm Done is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell, published in 1999.
It was first published in 1985 by MIT Press and written by Massachusetts Institute of Technology professors Harold Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman, with Julie Sussman.
Like all of Dickens's Christmas books, it was published in book form, not as a serial.
Mort is a Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett.
Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Bionic Booger Boy are the sixth and seventh books in the Captain Underpants series by Dav Pilkey.
The novella's central themes include the effects of story-telling perspectives, double standards between the sexes and the classes, and the fairness of justice.
This novel was issued as a limited edition by Subterranean Press and as a trade hardcover and a trade paperback by Mysterious Press.
Breakfast in the Ruins: A Novel of Inhumanity is a 1972 novel by Michael Moorcock, which mixes historical and speculative fiction.
Due to her dark skin color, Pecola gets taunted for her appearance as the members of her community associate beauty with "whiteness".
Running from the Deity is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster.
In 2001 and 2002, standalone appendices to the Almanac for the two years of hiatus were published.
The Baudelaires are sent to live with the wealthy Esmé and Jerome Squalor.
In the last chapter, she reviews the history of the impeachment process and makes a case for Clinton's impeachment.
The book was written by Australians Tom Gleisner, Santo Cilauro, and Rob Sitch.
The October Country is a 1955 collection of nineteen macabre short stories by American writer Ray Bradbury.
It has been adapted for the screen several times, of which the 1970 film version is the best known.
The Stone Diaries is a 1993 novel by Carol Shields.
The twelfth edition was published in 1888.
It was number 16 in the New Adventures and features the Seventh Doctor, Ace and Bernice.
The Two Georges is an alternate history novel co-written by science fiction author Harry Turtledove and Oscar-winning actor Richard Dreyfuss.
Its author describes it as based on three fundamentals of method:
The Spire is a 1964 novel by the English author William Golding.
The myth works as a red thread from which the author sometimes strays, but to which he attaches an endless series of references.
It follows the life and death of a maintenance man named Eddie.
Moore and Slater have followed up that book, after the 2004 Presidential election, with Rove Exposed: How Bush's Brain Fooled America ISBN 0-471-78708-6.
The book was published on April 15, 2000, by HarperCollins and illustrated by Brett Helquist.
These disciples are Sun Wukong, Zhu Bajie and Sha Wujing, together with a dragon prince who acts as Xuanzang's steed, a white horse.
Along the way he meets many people who teach him about life outside the camp.
Eddy identified the woman in the Book of Revelation not as a person, but as "generic man".
In a Free State is a novel by V.S.
A Passionate Pilgrim is a novella by Henry James, first published in The Atlantic Monthly in 1871.
In 1963 it was adapted into an opera by Malcolm Williamson, to a libretto by Sidney Gilliat, who had worked on the film.
The book gave birth to a new literary genre and Tamil prose began to be recognized as an increasingly important part of the language.
Flashman in the Great Game is a 1975 novel by George MacDonald Fraser.
In Might Is Right, Redbeard rejects conventional ideas of human and natural rights and argues that only strength or physical might can establish moral right.
The story and characters are inspired by the 1847 Emily Brontë novel Wuthering Heights.
The Last Tycoon is an unfinished novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
It is the 11th in the series.
Evolution and the Theory of Games is a book by the British evolutionary biologist John Maynard Smith on evolutionary game theory.
"Life does not live", declares the book's opening epigram.
Set in Rome during AD 72, the novel stars Marcus Didius Falco, informer and imperial agent.
No Man Friday is a British science fiction novel by Rex Gordon published in 1956.
Eragon is one of the last remaining Dragon Riders, a group that governed the fictional nation of Alagaësia, where the series takes place.
It is the first text in Lodge's 'Campus Trilogy' of novels, followed by Small World and Nice Work.
The book was condemned for its cynicism and for its immorality because of its open debate on sex.
It is set in Wales and incorporates Welsh folklore as well as Arthurian material.
Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams, Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
Wells viewed war as the inevitable result of the Modern State; the introduction of atomic energy in a world divided resulted in the collapse of society.
In Nangijala, a land in "the campfires and storytelling days", the brothers experience adventures.
While working on the book, Fitzgerald was beset with financial difficulties.
Les Fleurs du Mal by Charles Baudelaire and Leaves of Grass by Walt Whitman appear as cybernetic extensions of themselves.
The background illustrations were modelled on Derwentwater and St. Herbert's Island in the Lake District.
According to WorldCat, the book is found in over 200 United States libraries .
On the Black Hill is a novel by Bruce Chatwin published in 1982 and winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for that year.
The namesake of the novel is The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, a fictional guide book for hitchhikers written in the form of an encyclopedia.
The Secret Texts, is a fantasy book series by Holly Lisle.
It is remarkable as the first published book in which Verne was cautionary and to some degree pessimistic about the development of science and technology.
Here he also develops his idea of public reason.
It is set principally on the planet Mars, which has been settled by humans and is used essentially as a research establishment.
He also befriends many of his fellow travellers and discusses life in the Soviet Union with them over multiple bottles of alcohol.
It brought some of the ideas of the Vienna Circle and the logical empiricists to the attention of the English-speaking world.
Flyte was released in March 2006 through HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing.
Bad Bargain is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
From the chronological perspective, he concentrated on early period of Chinese history, during which major Chinese schools of thoughts were invented.
The novel was awarded the $500,000 Turner Tomorrow Fellowship Award in 1991, a year before its formal publication.
Reviews of the book from critics have noted that fans of The Simpsons should enjoy it.
It was published in the USA in March 2006 and May 2006 in the UK.
The attribution of plot elements between Grousset's original text and Verne's work on it has not been completely defined.
Dicey's Song is a novel by Cynthia Voigt.
The book was first published on July 15, 1998, by Hyperion Books as a hardcover edition.
An English translation by Philip Gabriel was then published in 2001.
According to Norberg, "the diffusion of capitalism in the last decades has lowered poverty rates and created opportunities for individuals all over the world.
Wilson describes it as an "owner's manual for the human brain".
Coverage lessens during the book's latter chapters.The book was first published in 1980 by Workman Publishing.
Some versions of the book come with a DVD, although all the short films on this DVD can be viewed via Covey's website.
It contains one of the author's most famous stories, "A Boy and His Dog", adapted into a film of the same name.
Each of the six novels in the series is written by a different author with veteran Forgotten Realms author R. A. Salvatore overseeing the project.
A common theme is the inversion of ideals: betrayal is the ultimate form of devotion, petty delinquency is brazen heroism, and confinement is freedom.
It features the Eighth Doctor, Susan, the Master - as the Roger Delgado incarnation - and the Daleks.
Exit to Eden is a 1985 novel by Anne Rice, initially published under the pen name Anne Rampling, but subsequently under Rice's name.
He portrays the city in this period as a hotbed of political corruption and depravity.
Ramona and Her Father is the fourth book in Beverly Cleary's popular Ramona Quimby series.
Stanley Chapman's translation was titled Froth on the Daydream; Brian Harper's was titled Foam of the Daze.
Bill's upbringing is interfered with by Ruth's busybody aunt, Mrs. Lora Delane Porter, who is an author of books intended to uplift the public mind.
Kalam started his career, after graduating from Aerospace engineering at MIT, India, at Hindustan Aeronautics Limited and was assigned to build a hovercraft prototype.
It has been reproduced in numerous collections.
The book originated as a series of faxes from European comics agent Ervin Rustemagić during the Serbian siege of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It is also volume two of the Alliance of Light, the third story arc in the Wars of Light and Shadow.
It is solidly based in Irish folklore, itself being originally a folktale.
The Midwich Cuckoos is a science fiction novel written by English author John Wyndham, published during 1957.
Cat's Cradle: Witch Mark is an original novel written by Andrew Hunt and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Burroughs had been unable to place the novel in his standard, higher-paying markets like the Munsey magazines and the Street & Smith line.
Her family is considered a "Black Family", because her grandfather was a landlord and her father was considered a "rightist",.
The memoir details his very early childhood in Brooklyn, New York, but focuses primarily on his life in Limerick, Ireland.
Displaying great power while still a boy, he joins the school of wizardry, where his prickly nature drives him into conflict with one of his fellows.
It is thematically dense, covering topics like counterculture, numerology, and Discordianism.
It is part of The Politically Incorrect Guide series by Regnery Publishing.
Weaveworld is a 1987 dark fantasy novel by Clive Barker.
A Dying Light in Corduba is a 1996 historical mystery crime novel by Lindsey Davis and the eighth book of the Marcus Didius Falco Mysteries series.
The Krytos Trap is the third novel in the Star Wars: X-wing series.
In 1931 a further revised edition appeared titled What Are We to Do with Our Lives?
The Rivan Codex is a collection of background material to the Belgariad and Malloreon fantasy saga by David and Leigh Eddings.
It was first published as a book on 14 November 1883, by Cassell & Co.
The DOT was created by job analysts who visited thousands of US worksites to observe and record the various types of work, and what was involved.
The glimpses of life another prisoner catches through the bottom of the blindfold, where it doesn't quite lay flat against her cheeks.
Floor Games describes mostly pacific games for young children, whereas Little Wars describes war games for older children and adults.
It was published in 1951 in the United Kingdom by Michael Joseph, London, and in the United States by the Viking Press, New York.
Ercole's wife Renée of France was a Protestant, daughter of Louis XII of France.
The Borrible Trilogy is a series of young adult books written by English writer Michael de Larrabeiti.
It tells the story of Zenon Kar, a girl in the year 2049 who lives on a space station in the Milky Way.
The novel was first published by Thomas Egerton.
It is the second in a quintet of novels covering the Arthurian Legends.
It is based on the legend of the cursed ship the Flying Dutchman.
Susannah of the Mounties is a children's novel by Canadian author Muriel Denison, first published in 1936.
Sartre himself later rejected some of the views he expressed in it and regretted its publication.
They each have different powers and the Sons must complete their destinies and stop the people of Nefandus from invading the Earth's realm.
The sequel, entitled The Lord of Opium, was finally published on September 3, 2013.
The reason being that they wanted the Sacred Masculine to become the dominant power, and rule over women and Goddess energies.
Touching from a Distance is a biography written by Deborah Curtis.
At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe, and not make messes in the house.
The Mind of God is a 1992 non-fiction book by Paul Davies.
The Magic Labyrinth is a science fiction novel, the fourth in the series of Riverworld books by Philip José Farmer.
Many of his notes on the scenery around him later provided much of the descriptive detail for Treasure Island.
The story, a best-seller of its time, was very widely read but was also criticized for its perceived licentiousness.
The name ODESSA is an acronym for the German phrase "Organisation der Ehemaligen SS-Angehörigen", which translates as "Organisation of Former Members of the SS".
The novel is based on Linna's own experiences, but is more or less fictional.
The book is one of a series of long essays by respected contemporary Darwinian thinkers, which were published under the collective title Darwinism Today.
My Name Is Red is a 1998 Turkish novel by writer Orhan Pamuk translated into English by Erdağ Göknar in 2001.
Its principal characters are married zoologists Joseph and Celice and their daughter Syl.
It has been used in disciplines as far-reaching as American literature, anthropology, Asian studies, composition, education, psychology, sociology, and women's studies.
Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials is a 1979 science fiction book by artist Wayne Barlowe, with Ian Summers and Beth Meacham.
The last picture shows the exploded cannon at a future point in time among wildflowers and birds.
Its story revolves around Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn as Jedi prior to Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace.
A new edition, with notes by Frederick Pollock, was published in octavo in 1906.
The Lions finally agreed to host Plimpton in their training camp.
It is also illustrated in 'Glorius Mono-colour' by Douglas Carrel.
The book then wittily discusses “the best years of your life”- a prep’s college years.
It describes each with game-specific statistics, and a brief description of its habits and habitats.
The Phantom of the Opera is a novel by French writer Gaston Leroux.
An Unkindness of Ravens was also nominated several years later.
A trade paperback edition was published by MonkeyBrain Books with a new afterword by Christopher Paul Carey in May 2009.
He sits up to "... look down in the valley."
A philosophical treatise, the book was first published in Germany in 1894 after being banned in his home country of Russia.
He finishes the introduction by writing that the book is "an interpretive sociological account of how managers think the world works."
It was published in 2008 and edited by William A. Darity, Jr., an American economist.
Time magazine included the novel in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005.
It was published in the United States under the title Commodore Hornblower.
The book is accompanied by seventeen copperplate engravings of unknown provenance to illustrate topics addressed by Knox.
A practical popularization is The Random Walk Guide to Investing: Ten Rules for Financial Success.
Kafka on the Shore is a 2002 novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami.
It provides Perkins' account of his career with engineering consulting firm Chas.
Ada, or Ardor: A Family Chronicle is a novel by Vladimir Nabokov published in 1969.
It was later adapted into a film of the same name in 1958.
The Call of Earth is the second book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card.
The novel was mildly successful and was translated into many languages including Spanish, Japanese, German, French, Italian, Dutch and Swedish.
Siege of Darkness is the third book in R. A. Salvatore's Legacy of the Drow series.
Along with This, it is the magazine most often referenced as the breeding ground for the group of writers who became known as the Language poets.
Spain, Italy, Austria, Czechoslovakia, Poland, Nazi Germany, Belgium... everywhere is the same: bars, dives, flop-houses; robbery, prison and expulsion.
It placed fourth in the annual Locus Poll for best fantasy novel.
The Hollow Hills is a novel by Mary Stewart.
It is written by William Scott Wilson, published by Kodansha International, and was first printed in 2004.
It describes the author's adolescence as he wanders the continental United States with his traveling mother.
My Name Is Asher Lev is a novel by Chaim Potok, an American author and rabbi.
The book also included an interesting general essay on the role of the critic in literature and a piece of travel writing about London.
In 2004, the book was returned to the bestseller list when chosen by the television host Oprah Winfrey for Oprah's Book Club.
Writer/editor Al Sarrantonio writes how Dangerous Visions "almost single-handedly [...] changed the way readers thought about science fiction."
It was also released as Hatchet: Winter by Pan Macmillan on February 9, 1996.
The book was published on September 30, 1999, by Scholastic Inc. and illustrated by Brett Helquist.
Human Action: A Treatise on Economics is a work by the Austrian economist and philosopher Ludwig von Mises.
The doctor also takes time to solve a mystery with the aid of Kling, the Dog Detective.
As a Canadian government publication it is concurrently published in French as Classification nationale des professions.
The Dain Curse is a novel by Dashiell Hammett, published in 1929.
The book is controversial because it appears to retell a Japanese story and because it does not portray Chinese culture accurately.
Other than Smith's novel, Norstrilia, which takes place in the same future history, the book collects all of Smith's known science fiction writing.
In 1988, it was adapted as a television miniseries for NBC, starring Pierce Brosnan.
In writing the novel Heinlein drew on his experience of building a fallout shelter under his own house in Colorado Springs, Colorado in the 1960s.
Another Book of Vile Darkness was published for the 4th edition of D&D in 2011.
The night in question was on November 4, 2001.
The world has changed now, the volcano is extinct, the climate cooling.
An American Dream is Norman Mailer's fourth novel, published by Dial Press.
We are truly meant to be here."
Miracle in the Andes is a 2006 book by Nando Parrado and Vince Rause.
It is one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.
Knots and Crosses is a 1987 crime novel by Ian Rankin.
Charteris, who served in an editorial capacity, received front cover author credit.
The authors focus on the moral nature of laissez-faire capitalism and private property.
Intermediate Perl is a book about the Perl programming language by Randal L. Schwartz, brian d foy and Tom Phoenix, published in 2006 by O'Reilly Media.
Albert Angelo is the second novel written by the experimental novelist B. S. Johnson.
Love on the Dole is a novel by Walter Greenwood, about working class poverty in 1930s Northern England.
The Demon Spirit is the second book in the first DemonWars Saga trilogy by R. A. Salvatore.
The novel was included on TIME magazine's 2005 list of the 100 best English-language novels written since 1923.
At some other point Bond film producers Saltzman and Broccoli planned to make either a theatrical feature or a TV series based on the 003½ premise.
First published in 1954, Henry and Ribsy was originally illustrated by Louis Darling.
The design was carved by Josh Ryan, aka "Dr.
The Blind Owl is Sadegh Hedayat's magnum opus and a major literary work of 20th century Iran.
In 2005, the novel was chosen by TIME magazine as one of the 100 best English-language novels since 1923.
It was made into a film in 2003.
It was his first non-fiction book, and was published in 1955.
Macmillan US published an American edition within the calendar year.
He also happened to become the oldest human in the galaxy, and because of the fancy new medicine he was in very good shape.
An American opera version in 1998 has been performed internationally and filmed for broadcast on US television in 2001.
Schlink's book was well received in his native country and elsewhere, winning several awards.
Moorcock describes Mirenburg as "an attempt to produce an ideal middle European city", and it is believed to be based partly on Prague.
Famous individuals of the time, such as Theodore Roosevelt, make appearances.
Bill, the Galactic Hero is a satirical science fiction novel by Harry Harrison, first published in 1965.
The story tells of how Joseph and Celice, on a day trip to the dunes where they met as students, are murdered by an opportunistic thief.
The Deviant Strain is a BBC Books original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
It is the 19th entry in the popular Inspector Wexford series, and is set, as usual, in Kingsmarkham.
It was partly an experiment in using interactive elements in a book, which was unusual at the time.
The Wasp Factory is the first novel by Scottish writer Iain Banks, published in 1984.
A film version was released in 2006, starring Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett.
Although not one of Twain's best-known works, it has appeared in more than one hundred editions since its original publication.
In August 2012 Boneland, the third volume in Garner's trilogy, was finally released.
Instead of using a specific programming language, the algorithms are written in Pseudocode.
Absolutely Normal Chaos is a 13-year-old girl's "complete and unabridged journal for English class" and can be classed as a bildungsroman.
Hart's Hope is a fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card, written in second person.
It collects the first six issues of Jeff Smith's self-published Bone comics.
The book contains troubleshooting tips as well as background information on the system and the commands it covers and examples to assist with learning.
Lit' and Lang' , to the tune of Polly Put the Kettle On.
It "summed up the literary, social and moral history of the century with comic richness as well as encyclopedic knowingness", according to Malcolm Bradbury.
The Terminal Experiment is a science fiction novel by Canadian writer Robert J. Sawyer.
Humphry wrote the book as a how-to guide for terminally ill people who wish to kill themselves.
It is the fourth book and the third paper book released in the Warcraft Universe.
The novel is noteworthy for its strong and self-reliant heroine, one of many who would people his fiction.
Unfortunately, he does not find any of the three, instead his home is ravaged by a plague and his wife Penelope has been slain.
As he continued, Hitler realized that it would have to be a two-volume work, with the first volume scheduled for release in early 1925.
In the process, he learns valuable lessons, finding a love of learning.
Deep Secret is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones, published by Gollancz in 1997.
The Arthashastra is an ancient Indian treatise on statecraft, economic policy and military strategy, written in Sanskrit.
Tao of Jeet Kune Do is a book expressing Bruce Lee's martial arts philosophy and viewpoints, published posthumously.
The novel is one of Dick's best-known works and served as the basis for a 2006 film of the same name, directed by Richard Linklater.
The description reads "Arthur Penhaligon must complete his quest to save the Kingdom he is heir to... and Arthur's world."
The sequels of Mister God, This Is Anna are Anna's Book, and Anna and the Black Knight.
There have been several adaptations of The Borrowers in television and film.
In terms of the Darkover timeline, The Shattered Chain takes place about ten years before Thendara House.
The work contains a mixture of prose and verse; serious and comic elements; and erotic and decadent passages.
The identity of Rosie was revealed years later to be Lee's distant cousin Rosalind Buckland.
Kurzweil describes his law of accelerating returns which predicts an exponential increase in technologies like computers, genetics, nanotechnology, robotics and artificial intelligence.
It includes personal interviews with many influential figures, such as Shigeru Miyamoto, most of them translated from Japanese.
The Dragon Reborn is a fantasy novel by American writer Robert Jordan, the third in his series The Wheel of Time.
Guardian of the Horizon is the 16th in a series of historical mystery novels, written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
Melville had begun writing the original work in November 1888, but left it unfinished at his death in 1891.
John Huston adapted the book as a 1948 film of the same name.
In 1970 Burroughs had published a "considered statement" on Scientology's methods because he felt they were significant enough to warrant commentary.
        
The title is taken from a poem by 16th-century English dramatist George Peele.
The novel borrows liberally from Heinlein's Future History, although it does not follow its timeline.
The Frogman and Cayke's dishpan re-appear in Jeff Freedman's 1994 novel The Magic Dishpan of Oz.
The book was published in 1973, with a second edition in 1989 and a third edition in 2014.
A further 16 were written by his son, Christopher Awdry; 14 between 1983 and 1996, and two more in 2007 and 2011.
Annie On My Mind is a 1982 novel by Nancy Garden about the romantic relationship between two 17-year-old New York City girls, Annie and Liza.
The primary characters are friends Maxwell Kane, a large, very slow, but kind-hearted boy, and Kevin Avery, nicknamed "Freak", who is physically handicapped but very intelligent.
The unexpurgated diary reveals a woman breaking out into wild sexual discovery.
An intense psychological thriller, its main theme is the nature of romantic obsession.
She obtained her file from the hospital with the help of a lawyer.
It was his debut novel and won the Booker Prize in 2003.
Other essays discuss themes such as the scale of extinction, vertebrate anatomy, grand patterns of evolution, and human nature.
Hannibal Rising is a novel by American author Thomas Harris, published in 2006.
Those conditions together imply that species continuously change by adaptation to their environments, forming a branching series of evolutionary paths.
Encyclopedia of White Power: A Sourcebook on the Radical Racist Right is a reference book edited by Jeffrey Kaplan.
The Confessions was "the first major work De Quincey published and the one which won him fame almost overnight..."
As a reporter for The Toronto Daily Star, Hemingway had covered the criminal in 1925.
", published in the international affairs journal The National Interest.
According to John W. Campbell, the novel was originally to be called While the Evil Days Come Not.
It turns out that these conditions are highly restrictive.
They were first published as three separate volumes starting in September 1975.
The Coming of Bill is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse.
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber, also translated as The Sword and the Knife, is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong.
The murder of a major Union politician and scientist has deep, long-lasting repercussions.
Galax-Arena, by Gillian Rubinstein, is a 1995 science fiction novel following 3 children who are kidnapped by aliens.
It was written by Fred Bodsworth, a Canadian newspaper reporter and naturalist, and published in 1954.
It is partially based on notes by Karl Marx to Lewis H. Morgan's book Ancient Society.
The title page of Oahspe describes its contents with these words:
Me Talk Pretty One Day, published in 2000, is a bestselling collection of essays by American humorist David Sedaris.
Deus irae, meaning "God of wrath" in Latin, is a play on Dies Irae, meaning Day of Wrath or Judgment Day.
The title comes from the galactic coordinates of the planet Coruscant.
It is a sequel to The Briar King and the second book of The Kingdoms of Thorn and Bone.
Much of the novel, like Tan's previous work, is based on her relationship with her own mother, and her mother and grandmother's life stories.
It was published on 19 May 2005, alongside The Clockwise Man and Winner Takes All.
After Otsugi dies, Kae begins to let go of her direct hatred for Otsugi and begins to live her life.
However, team officials informed Plimpton at halftime that NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle would not allow him to play under any circumstance.
After saving his grandson, he quite willingly obliges.
It is also one of the three Redwall novels to be made into a TV series.
One of those copies was used by Orne Publishing to reprint it in 2010.
The Adventures of Peregrine Pickle is a picaresque novel by the Scottish author Tobias Smollett, first published in 1751 and revised and published again in 1758.
It was nominated for the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award in 2004.
The book also explores complex themes including morality and redemption.
Other short stories that were published elsewhere are included as chapters of the novel.
In the 1950s pony books were very popular among young girls.
Will they make the ride to Naboo?
Man on Fire is a 1980 thriller novel by the English novelist Philip Nicholson, writing as A. J. Quinnell.
Letters on the English is a series of essays written by Voltaire based on his experiences living in England between 1726 and 1729.
It is considered by critics to be Milton's major work, and it helped solidify his reputation as one of the greatest English poets of his time.
The book sold well, but was greeted with a mixture of acclaim and controversy, due to its gruesome depiction of violence.
The novel was also cited in a 2003 Scientific American article on multiverses by Max Tegmark.
Foundation's Triumph is a science fiction novel by David Brin, set in Isaac Asimov's Foundation universe.
Michael Joseph Limited has published the book as a hardcover under the title The Man from Beyond and Other Stories in 1975.
It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1974 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1974.
If a man were to give all his wealth for love, it would be utterly scorned."
These fragments of Ailurin are listed in a glossary at the back of the book.
The Manifesto was little-known until Solanas attempted to kill Andy Warhol in 1968.
It is the fourth book in Card's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller, the Seventh son of a seventh son.
In short, the book advises the following:
The US edition retailed at $2.95 and the UK edition at twelve shillings and sixpence.
The main character is Eugène Rougon, the eldest son of Pierre and Félicité Rougon.
House of Hell is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson, illustrated by Tim Sell and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books.
Someone Comes to Town, Someone Leaves Town is a contemporary fantasy novel by Canadian author Cory Doctorow.
The story was originally published as a novella in 1953, and later extended to novel-length, of which the first part is the original novella.
It was published in the United States by Berkley Books, an imprint of Penguin Group, on August 2, 2005.
When the book was published, he chose the pseudonym John Macdonald after his father, John Macdonald Millar.
The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
In the decades following, however, the stature of The Devil's Dictionary grew.
Language is presented as a distortion of experience, yet nevertheless unavoidable.
The Memorial is a 1932 English novel by author Christopher Isherwood.
With a little dream-power and the aid of the Silver Key, mortals are able to make dreams into matter.
The four books that had appeared there before had been all printed from imported plates of the UK edition.
The Hollow Tree is a children's historical novel by Janet Lunn.
The novel is credited to Leslie Charteris, who created the Saint in 1928, but the book was actually co-authored by Fleming Lee.
A basement compendium aims to give a comprehensive overview of other big money losers not examined in the main section of the book.
The book is named after a play with the same title which recurs as a motif through some of the stories.
Everville is a fantasy novel by British author Clive Barker.
Tipping the Velvet is a historical novel published as Sarah Waters' debut novel in 1998.
The Secret Hour is a science-fiction fantasy novel written by Scott Westerfeld.
Drowning World is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster.
The book has been published both with and without the subtitle "Ideological Origins of Political Struggles".
Olivier de Noyen, a poet and scholar, active in the Papal Court at Avignon
Someone Like You is a young adult novel by Sarah Dessen.
Later another undergraduate is murdered, and a series of attempts are made to kill Saffron, including a night-time attack while punting on the River Thames.
The title derives from the novel's fictional practice of stage illusions having three parts: the setup, the performance, and the prestige.
The first trip was in 1959, in which he travelled around the world, and the second was in 1960, in which he drove around Europe.
Burkett is a combat veteran of the Vietnam War who served with the 199th Light Infantry Brigade as an ordnance officer and rifle platoon leader.
Daggerspell is a fantasy novel by Katharine Kerr.
His lover, Ned, has died of AIDS.
The Great Depression features prominently in the novel, forcing depravity and hunger on the poor residents of Key West who are referred to locally as "Conchs."
Persistence of Memory, published in 2008, makes mention and appearance of the main character's brother.
Additionally, in the Portuguese Chronicle by Gomes Eannes de Azurara, Amadis is attributed to Vasco de Lobeira, who was knighted after the Battle of Aljubarrota.
Set in The Hundred Kingdoms time period, the book is the first in a three-novel series subtitled The Clingfire Trilogy.
The American first edition used a punctuation mark between sentences.
He states that his aim is to "increase faith, not diminish it."
It is cheerfully anachronistic and light-hearted, set in Britain in an imaginary period of the Dark Ages, and featuring mythical creatures, medieval knights, and primitive firearms.
Until I Find You is the 11th published novel by John Irving.
In the end he is murdered by a former pirate crewman who, as Clegg, he had left to die years before.
The Counterplot is the second novel by Hope Mirrlees.
In 2002, the Science Fiction Book Club also published the two novels in one volume.
It is set in Central Europe, mainly in Switzerland, shortly after the Yorkist victory at the Battle of Tewkesbury.
The book caused a sensation in diplomatic circles, and had major political implications.
which is itself a reference to Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002.
Shortly after the disappearance of the Metford children, a twelve-year-old girl called Nicole moves in across the street from Adrian.
The book makes extensive use of characters and plot elements from the Mesopotamian myth of Gilgamesh.
The author uses techniques ranging from straight narrative to entries in the spaceship's log, dream sequences and sixties-style computer printouts.
The novel follows his journey as he seeks to be free of the creature.
Covey talks about great achievers expressing their voice through the use of their intelligences.
But for now she'd had enough of darkness."
The story is a continuation of The Gunslinger and follows Roland of Gilead and his quest towards the Dark Tower.
It features the Seventh Doctor, Chris and Roz.
It remained the Confession of the Church of Scotland until it was superseded by the Westminster Confession of Faith on 27 August 1647.
The mother said she was glad, as she had always wanted a daughter.
The work assays a critique of representation.
Fear Nothing is in several ways a successor to 1987 Koontz novel Watchers.
Dot and Tot of Merryland is a 1901 novel by L. Frank Baum.
Subtitled The Scientific Basis for a Rational World, it is a whirlwind tour and explanation of theories, both physical and metaphysical, regarding ultimate causes.
Drums of Autumn is the fourth book in the Outlander series of novels by Diana Gabaldon.
The Pigman is a young adult novel written by Paul Zindel, first published in 1968.
St Anthony's Fire is an original novel written by Mark Gatiss, based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
It retains the gory, visceral style that Barker introduced in his series of collected short stories The Books of Blood.
A film adaptation of The Natural starring Robert Redford as Roy Hobbs was released in 1984.
A Word Child is the 17th novel by Iris Murdoch.
The series was written over a span of more than four decades.
"The nine individual stories follow a pattern.
Dark Alliance: The CIA, the Contras, and the Crack Cocaine Explosion is a 1998 book by journalist Gary Webb.
The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil is a novella by short story writer George Saunders; it is 130 pages long.
In 1955, the novel received the Edgar Award for Best Novel.
The Shelters of Stone is a historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel published in April 2002.
The setting was further explored in the novels Shriek: An Afterword and Finch.
The occasion for writing is Ramatoulaye's recent widowhood.
In 1914, Baum adapted the book to film through his "Oz Film Manufacturing Company."
Disco Bloodbath has since gone out of print and often goes for several hundred dollars in auctions.
It is also recognized as one of the "definitive war-influenced gay novels", being one of the few books of its period dealing directly with male homosexuality.
It was published in 1989, first by William Heinemann Ltd., London, then in the United States by Atheneum, New York.
There they suffered and viewed many atrocities over a period of ten years including disease, starvation, torturous punishments and public executions.
Hortense's husband, the Polish exile Wenceslas Steinbock, represents artistic genius, though he succumbs to uncertainty and lack of motivation.
The phrase is also in the lyrics of Petula Clark's 1965 hit "I Know a Place".
Published in 1981, it is set in the near future of 1989, a date with ironic significance.
Without Remorse is a thriller novel published in 1993 by Tom Clancy and is a part of the Jack Ryan universe series.
The novel was published in 1971 and was written by Peter O'Donnell, who had created the character for a comic strip in the early 1960s.
It was the second of Cherryh's novels to be published, appearing after Gate of Ivrel, although she had completed and submitted Brothers of Earth first.
The book was published in 1965 by Coward McCann.
The value of Rockefeller's shares rose after the breakup as the new companies had a positive development on the stock exchange.
However, his film career and work prevented him from doing so.
In 1932, Fitzgerald's wife Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald was hospitalized for schizophrenia in Baltimore, Maryland.
It was first published in 1995 by Douglas and McIntyre.
Anodos lives through many adventures and temptations while in the other world, until he is finally ready to give up his ideals.
The Fourth Protocol is a novel written by Frederick Forsyth and published in August 1984.
The Big Sky is a 1947 Western novel by A.
It also deals with relationships among people, in this case, Paulo and his wife.
It was released by Frederick Warne & Co. in September 1907.
They have since become adoptive parents of three.
Released by Atheneum Books in March 1976, it was the third to appear in the Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne or her son Todd McCaffrey.
It has been translated into Russian, French and German.
It features the Third Doctor, Jo and UNIT.
Scholars consider it the single most influential book in naval strategy.
National Velvet is a novel by Enid Bagnold, first published in 1935.
Maps of the two towns show similarities.
The book describes the author's apprenticeship as a young writer while he was married to his first wife, Hadley Richardson.
Overcome with shame, he longs for a wound, a "red badge of courage," to counteract his cowardice.
This book was first published in the United Kingdom in 1975 by Hodder & Stoughton, followed by an American edition by The Crime Club.
Deep inside the forest dwells the Mockingbird, which imitates other birds hearing themselves.
The Little Sister is a 1949 novel by Raymond Chandler, his fifth featuring the private investigator Philip Marlowe.
Later editions have generally followed Berkley and published under the original title.
The project became somewhat curious for the way the authors' contentious interrelationships mirrored the sometimes dysfunctional family they described in their chapters.
In this possible society of the 21st century, 20 percent of the working age population will be enough to keep the world economy going.
The original book is now worth $3.4 million.
He pleaded for a a constitutional system of government with separation of powers, the preservation of legality and civil liberties, and the ending of slavery.
It also includes photos from the film.
Brain Droppings is a 1997 book by comedian George Carlin.
He must balance his 20th-century consciousness with his patchy memories of a past life as a sword and sorcery-type warrior.
It received recognition as a 2007 Best Book for Young Adults from the American Library Association.
Furbish Lousewart V, author and President of Unistat
The Wishsong of Shannara is an epic fantasy novel by American writer Terry Brooks.
It is also a spiritual journey for Cadderly, where he begins to see things in a new light and becomes closer to his god.
Dry Pilgrimage is an original novel by Paul Leonard and Nick Walters featuring the fictional archaeologist Bernice Summerfield.
It picks up the story of twins Kestrel and Bowman five years on from the closing chapter of The Wind Singer.
It was among his first fictional writings outside the science fiction genre.
The Alcoholics is a 1953 novel by Jim Thompson.
Ted gives Philip an interview with Ms. Jennifer Stewart, a reporter who is interviewing Mr. Griffen.
Sons and Lovers is a 1913 novel by the English writer D. H. Lawrence, originally published by B.W.
However, the book has come under fire for what critics describe as inaccurate representations of Lakota culture and beliefs.
It is also the sixth novel in the Ender's Game series.
It was initially published by Houghton Mifflin in 1990.
For the most part, the book is light-hearted and winks at the shortcomings and idiosyncrasies of Mormons, but there are entries that are downright harsh.
The novel has been adapted for the stage, initially in 1930 and subsequently, for film in 1932 and 1957, and as a television miniseries in 1966.
Lectures delivered by Maine for the Inns of Court were the groundwork for Ancient Law.
Alanna: The First Adventure is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce.
While traditional industrial capitalism primarily recognizes the value of money and goods as capital, Natural Capitalism extends recognition to natural capital and human capital.
Charlotte Brontë has been called the 'first historian of the private consciousness' and the literary ancestor of writers like Proust and Joyce.
A revised edition was published as Al-Qaeda: The True Story of Radical Islam.
Through conscious beings the universe has generated self-awareness.
It was Illustrated by John R. Neill.
It was mostly written in the summer of 1963 when Williams utilized the University of California, Berkeley's library.
Published in 1991, it is the 11th Discworld novel and the second to focus on Death.
The book was reissued with a new introduction by Harry Turtledove as a trade paperback and ebook by Phoenix Pick in March 2013.
Shadow Patriots is 2005 historical novel by Lucia St. Clair Robson.
In the novel, Kavalier and Clay become major figures in the comics industry from its nascency into its Golden Age.
The Stone Pilot is a short novella in the Edge Chronicles series, created by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell.
The Occult: A History is a 1971 nonfiction occult book by English writer, Colin Wilson.
The novel is often classified as a notable example of postmodern fiction.
Although it is currently out of print, Card's novel The Worthing Chronicle covers some of the same ground.
Consider the Lobster and Other Essays is a collection of essays by novelist David Foster Wallace.
The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven, published in 1993 by Atlantic Monthly Press, was Sherman Alexie's breakthrough book.
The book documents controversial experiments that reveal unusual phenomena regarding plants such as plant sentience, discovered through experimentation.
The Poseidon Adventure is an American adventure novel by Paul Gallico, published in 1969.
The Word for World is Forest, by Ursula K. Le Guin, won a Hugo for Best Novella.
It received the Nobel Prize in literature in 1944.
The Summons is a legal thriller novel by noted American author John Grisham which was released in December 2002.
Avalon High is a young adult novel by Meg Cabot, published in 2005.
Limited Inc is a 1988 book by Jacques Derrida, containing two essays and an interview.
Dobzhansky implements theories of mutation, natural selection, and speciation throughout his book to explain habits of populations and the resulting effects on their genetic behavior.
The New Rebellion is a 1996 bestselling fictional Star Wars novel written by Kristine Kathryn Rusch and published by Bantam Spectra.
The Once and Future King is a work by T. H. White based upon Le Morte d'Arthur by Sir Thomas Malory.
In 2009 the book won the David Gemmell Legend Award in the United Kingdom.
The novel presents a future American society where books are outlawed and "firemen" burn any that are found.
Full of swordplay and daring feats, the novel is considered a classic example of 20th-century pulp fiction.
Its main target audience is young adults, but the themes of the book transcend any age group.
Critics have derided the novel for being derivative of J.R.R.
It is also the title of a 1953 documentary directed by Krumgold.
The expanded edition of Blue Ocean Strategy was published in February, 2015.
The science section suggests that, rather than Homo sapiens, we might be better described as Pan narrans.
He found elements of Horton in earlier Dr. Seuss works, most notably the 1938 short story "Matilda, the Elephant with a Mother Complex".
Resurrection Men is a 2002 novel by Ian Rankin.
The most famous of the essays is "SantaLand Diaries", the essay that made Sedaris famous when he read it on National Public Radio in 1992.
Throughout the novel he rarely leaves his room or bed.
Anton teaches Patty that she is a person of value.
The novel focuses heavily on the idea of extra-sensory perception.
He gave a long list of accusations against Yongzheng, including the murder of the Kangxi Emperor and the killing of his brothers.
The novel was commissioned by publisher S. S. McClure, who provided London a $125 a month stipend to write it.
It was released by Subterranean Press in 2001.
The Raw and the Cooked is the first volume from Mythologiques, a structural study of Amerindian mythology written by French anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss.
Justice as Fairness: A Restatement is a 2001 work of political philosophy by John Rawls, a revision of his 1971 classic A Theory of Justice.
On 4 September 1936, she took off from Abingdon, England.
A Vietnam War veteran who has worked as a lawyer, he is now one of the major authors of the military science fiction genre.
The Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin is a 1969–2007 novel by Soviet dissident writer Vladimir Voinovich.
An additional theme is the fair treatment of animals.
Animal Dreams features Kingsolver's trademark—alternating perspectives throughout the novel.
A second book titled Unearthed Arcana was produced by Wizards of the Coast for Dungeons & Dragons third edition in 2004.
It was first published in 1931 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
Power-Up: How Japanese Video Games Gave the World an Extra Life is a 2005 book by Chris Kohler.
The book covers the early years of James' residence in Europe and his meetings with writers such as George Eliot, Alfred Tennyson, and James Russell Lowell.
Wilson identifies what he calls "Fundamentalist Materialism" belief and compares it to religious fundamentalism.
The novel's setting is decidedly dystopian; the book deals with the deterioration of the environment in the United States.
It is the sequel to Dragonflight, set seven years later and the second book in the Dragonriders of Pern series.
Wilton is a "step" from Stamford, a major city lying 15 miles away.
The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Souvenir Press.
Learning the World is a science fiction novel by British writer Ken MacLeod, published in 2005.
The novel tells the story of a prolonged feud between two stage magicians in late 1800s England.
A national bestseller, The Human Stain was adapted as a film by the same name directed by Robert Benton.
Malthus's book fuelled debate about the size of the population in the Kingdom of Great Britain and contributed to the passing of the Census Act 1800.
Wally also meets Donald Kyrwinski, Dee, a 16-year-old gay boy.
An unauthorized English translation was published that year, first by The Bodley Head in the UK, then by Dial Press in the US.
It has a foreword by Timothy Leary, which he wrote in the summer of 1977.
The story is set against the conditions that led up to the French Revolution and the Reign of Terror.
By the end of the novel, it is invoked as the explanation for many unreasonable restrictions.
Underground History isn’t a history proper, but a collection of materials toward a history, embedded in a personal essay analyzing why mass compulsion schooling is unreformable.
Velgarth is the planetary setting created by Mercedes Lackey, the author of the Valdemar Saga novels.
The book has also been characterized as satire of Social Darwinism.
In 1954, Fahrenheit 451 won the American Academy of Arts and Letters Award in Literature and the Commonwealth Club of California Gold Medal.
A Man Without a Country is an essay collection published in 2005 by the author Kurt Vonnegut.
This early complete work, which the author never submitted for publication, describes the schemes of the title character.
The book is fourth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.
It appeared first in serial form between 1847 and 1850.
The next full-length Saint novel, Vendetta for the Saint, would be credited to Charteris, but actually written by Harry Harrison.
An expanded version, retitled The Drought, was first published in 1965 by Jonathan Cape.
He explored thousands of miles of the Amazon and its tributaries, and collected over 14,000 species, of which 8,000 were new to science.
City of Illusions is a 1967 science fiction novel by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin.
They are caught up in the infamous Lambing Flat riots.
This book is one of many picture books by Tan, who also addresses issues such as immigration and cultural differences.
Eldredge claims that men are bored; they fear risk, they refuse to pay attention to their deepest desires.
Holman's newly revised edition of his translation was published in February 2006 by Shoemaker and Hoard Press.
Against the Fall of Night was later expanded and revised as The City and the Stars, one of Clarke's best-known works.
The book completed what was known as Remarque’s "emigre trilogy" along with Flotsam and Arch of Triumph.
The work first appeared as a magazine article by Brin in Wired in late 1996.
The Mysterious Island is a novel by Jules Verne, published in 1874.
It won the 1999 BP Natural World Book Prize.
Coots in the North is the name given by Arthur Ransome's biographer, Hugh Brogan, to an incomplete Swallows and Amazons novel found in Ransome's papers.
The Deep Blue Good-by is the first of 21 novels in the Travis McGee series by American author John D. MacDonald.
This was a very tiring and dispiriting time for Lee who was always very physically active.
Based on a 2007 online poll, the National Education Association named the book one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children."
It is the first of four volumes in Pagnol's Souvenirs d'enfance series.
In 1998, the Modern Library ranked Winesburg, Ohio 24th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
The collection was published posthumously in 1965 and contains an introduction by Robert Fitzgerald.
Although written as a memoir, the book also includes partially and fully fictionalized anecdotes.
Minke's life becomes more dangerous when he falls in love with Annelies, the beautiful Indo daughter of Nyai Ontosoroh.
Heavy Time and Hellburner are set in the Sol system at the beginning of the "Company Wars" period in the 24th century.
It is credited with helping fuel the abolitionist cause in the 1850s.
The whale, however, appears in both editions as "Moby Dick", with no hyphen.
It appears to be both autobiographical and an imaginative work of fiction, and Sterne says he is writing for posterity:
Sprig Muslin is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer.
Based on his earlier short story, "Phineas," it was Knowles' first published novel and became his best-known work.
It centres on a man who is wrongfully imprisoned, escapes from jail, acquires a fortune, and sets about exacting revenge on those responsible for his imprisonment.
Hangover Square is a 1941 novel by English playwright and novelist Patrick Hamilton.
Doña Bárbara is a novel by Venezuelan author Rómulo Gallegos, first published in 1929.
It won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.
The Good Earth is a novel by Pearl S. Buck published in 1931 and awarded the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1932.
The Salmon of Doubt: Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time is a posthumous collection of previously published and unpublished material by Douglas Adams.
In January 2005, the Washington National Opera premiered Democracy: An American Comedy, an opera by Scott Wheeler and Romulus Linney based upon Henry Adams' book.
The book was first released in August 1994.
Following her engagement, Marian feels her body and her self are becoming separated.
It was a leading indicator of the upheaval of local cultures by increasingly globalized values.
It is the seventh novel set at Blandings Castle.
Canal Dreams is a novel by Scottish writer Iain Banks, published in 1989.
Starship Traveller is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and illustrated by Peter Andrew Jones.
It was originally published by Pan Books as a paperback.
It was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1996.
The Art of Electronics, by Paul Horowitz and Winfield Hill, is a popular textbook dealing with analog and digital electronics.
The Bonesetter's Daughter, published in 2001, is Amy Tan's fourth novel.
It was the second episode in the Rebus television series starring John Hannah, airing in 2001.
Sijan avoided and escaped capture for nearly six weeks while crawling through jungles eating nothing but various plants and bugs before he was captured.
Almost everything else is based on research, and the end of the novel includes a lengthy bibliography.
The book later became the subject of commentaries itself.
It is the first novel in the Den of Shadows.
It is still considered one of the few true World Floras.
Lucky Jim is dedicated to Larkin, who helped inspire the main character and who contributed significantly to the structure of the novel.
Spade was a departure from Hammett's nameless detective, The Continental Op.
More broadly, the book tries to explain the etiology of hate by analyzing antisemitic hate.
The central character of the novel is a dog named Buck.
A non-fiction account of the same experiences can be found in Ballard's autobiography, Miracles of Life.
It was a finalist for the 2006 National Book Award for Fiction.
A Gentleman of Leisure was adapted for the stage in 1911 and has twice been filmed, in 1915 and 1923.
The novel received the 2003 Smarties Gold Award for the 6–8 years range, and has been adapted for other media.
Its early chapters also contain elements of the Western.
This was the sixth book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar, also known as "The Saint".
Gina showed her photos to Junko Wong, which led to Blythe being the model for the Christmas 2000 Parco ad campaign.
Onion John is a novel written by Joseph Krumgold and published in 1959.
It was written by William Powell at the apex of the counterculture era in order to protest against United States involvement in the Vietnam War.
Angry Lead Skies is the tenth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I.
's navy is delighted to have a chance to make war, and he acts without notifying the civilian government.
Despite the title, the Living Greyhawk Gazetteer is not exclusive to the Living Greyhawk Campaign.
Sounder won the Newbery Award in 1970, and was made into a major motion picture in 1972.
It was his first publication outside magazines, and immediately won him a reputation as a significant poet.
It is the first volume of a trilogy that includes The Phoenix and the Carpet and The Story of the Amulet.
Fueled by Benzedrine, Greene wrote it in six weeks.
The selections include short stories, plays, and excerpts of material cut from her novels We the Living and The Fountainhead.
What they had in common was mainly love of excellence and programming.
The late Edward Said criticised the novel for failing to clearly criticise Sir Thomas's profiteering in the West Indies.
The book is separated into two parts.
Drowned Ammet is a fantasy novel for young adults by British author Diana Wynne Jones.
Triggerfish Twist may be considered more of a "parallel work" than a sequel or prequel.
Stavrianos paid particular attention to the national awakening and the nation-building process in the Balkans.
Enemy of God is the second book in The Warlord Chronicles series by Bernard Cornwell.
A pervading theme is that of progressive unity within and between different civilizations.
The New Market Wizards is a book by Jack D. Schwager published on January 26, 1992 by HarperCollins.
The Golden One is the 14th in a series of historical mystery novels, written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
Time magazine included The Recognitions in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005.
In the 1960s and 1970s, it became a standard textbook introduction to the subject of statistics for many college students.
The book is written in the first and third person, by and about the Mirabal sisters.
A Happy Death is written in the third person, while The Stranger is written in the first person.
The Records has been called a "foundational text in Chinese civilization".
God and Lord are titles of office for a person in the spirit realm who began life as mortal/in corporeal form.
The essay is in part a collage of menus, scraps of conversation, and postings from bulletin boards.
Good as Gold is a 1979 novel by Joseph Heller.
The British edition used the author's original intended title, The Wrath of Grapes, a play on John Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath.
The novel was published in the same year as his divorce.
Her work is much admired for its historical and ethnological accuracy.
The Overloaded Man is a collection of science fiction stories by British writer J. G. Ballard, first published in 1967 as a paperback by Panther Books.
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories is a anthology of fantasy stories, edited by American writer Lin Carter.
The plot concerns a series of strange murders in London's theatre district at the end of the 19th century.
The title refers to William Blake's poem The Marriage of Heaven and Hell.
The novel was published in 1968 and was released in the United Kingdom under the title The Anvil of Time.
The title addresses the somewhat ambiguous realm between definite gender roles, e.g.
Both novels feature the cannibalistic serial killer Dr. Hannibal Lecter, this time pitted against FBI Special Agent Clarice Starling.
It aims to provide a detailed look at the politics of the United States through an approach of profiling individual leaders and areas of the country.
Jin Yong revised the novel twice, first in the 1970s and later in the 2000s.
Swami and Friends is the first of a trilogy of novels written by R. K. Narayan, English language novelist from India.
The first UK edition followed in 1941.
The novel was first published by Harper Brothers in 1896 with illustrations by Peter Newell.
The Glass Bead Game is the last full-length novel of the German author Hermann Hesse.
The Sovereign State is a non-fiction book by Anthony Sampson published on July 1, 1973 by Hodder & Stoughton Ltd.
They go into a mining tunnel and Max discovers that Worm's birth father had died in a mining accident.
The book has sold over one million copies and has been translated into eight languages.
Against the Fall of Night is a science fiction novel by British writer Arthur C. Clarke.
It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1984, and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1985.
The novel remains popular, figuring in both public and academic conversations.
The Outcasts of 19 Schuyler Place is a young adult novel by E. L. Konigsburg.
Modesty Blaise and the Men of Salamander Four
Since its publication, it has been acclaimed as one of the supreme achievements in world literature.
Especially in relation to the proposition that a market economy tends naturally to restore itself to full employment after temporary shocks.
The New Adventures were based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Others find it easier to understand by reading each individual voice consecutively instead of alternating from one voice to another as the book is written.
Q & A is a novel by Vikas Swarup, an Indian diplomat.
All eight books feature so-called Talents, people with psionic powers such as empathy, telepathy, teleportation, telekinesis, clairvoyance, precognition, and the ability to find what is lost.
The State of the Art is a short story collection by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks, first published in 1991.
The Lost Weekend is Charles R. Jackson's first novel, published by Farrar & Rinehart in 1944.
Bugliosi declares that the decision damaged both the U.S. Constitution and democracy in general.
The individual words in language name objects—sentences are combinations of such names.
At the end of each chapter is a list written by Anastasia, listing her likes and dislikes, showing the character's growth and development through the story.
It is also widely used across European nations.
51 of those copies are signed in marker with a "Z", while the first copy is signed "Mark Danielewski" in ink.
The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch is a 1965 science fiction novel by US writer Philip K. Dick.
Fattypuffs and Thinifers do not mix, and their respective countries are on the verge of war when Edmund and Terry make their visit.
Crusade in Jeans is a children's novel written by Thea Beckman.
Eventually, the family dispersed in order to survive.
Part 1, "The Gulf War will not take place" was published in Libération on January 4, 1991.
The novel's thirteen chapters each represent one month—from January 1982 through January 1983—in the life of 13-year-old Worcestershire boy Jason Taylor.
The book was compiled by Ben Schott and published by Bloomsbury Publishing Plc.
Call It Courage is a 1940 children's novel written and illustrated by American author Armstrong Sperry.
Adams Fall is writer Sean Desmond's first novel.
It is the second book of the Riddle Master Trilogy.
The new man is attracted to Dr. Constance Sedgwick, who discovers eventually that he is not what he claims to be.
Manifold: Origin explores primate evolution to create an explanation for our lack of contact with other intelligent species.
All of the other stories had previously appeared in various other Asimov collections.
The story is the basis for Donizetti's 1835 opera Lucia di Lammermoor.
The original edition of Lamb was issued in hardback and paperback and contains an afterword by the author explaining some background of the novel.
In 1976 it was modified and re-published by Thea Alexander.
It deals with constructed languages in general and the relation of a mythology to its language.
Readers familiar with Ludwig Wittgenstein's Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus will recognize stylistic similarities to that work.
For instance, persistence is one of the sins of memory that can lead to things like post traumatic stress syndrome.
But without these alternate visions, we get stuck on dead center.
Before the publication of Wilhelm's novel in 1976, part one of Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang was featured in the fifteenth edition of Orbit.
The novel was shortlisted for an Edgar and won Sweden's prestigious Martin Beck Award.
Both hardcover editions are now out of print.
In this novel, Chief Koenig investigates the murder of a body discovered half a century after the crime.
Included with some editions of the book is a small plastic turntable record of Tuvan throat singing.
In 1995, the book was published by Oz specialty house Books of Wonder with illustrations by Eric Shanower.
A readily available summary of the relatively rare novel's plot is provided in The Dictionary of Imaginary Places.
The next summer the first Neo Blythes made by CWC and Takara went up for sale and were sold out in less than an hour.
They also appear in Gemmell's book White Wolf.
J. R. R. Tolkien: Artist and Illustrator is a collection of paintings and drawings by J. R. R. Tolkien for his stories, published posthumously in 1995.
Like many of Stephenson's other novels it covers history, linguistics, anthropology, archaeology, religion, computer science, politics, cryptography, memetics and philosophy.
Four stories in the collection feature the character of Wendell Urth, who is a leading extra-terrologist.
The story follows Honor and her crew as they deal with the responsibilities of their assignment.
Secret of the Andes is a children's novel by Ann Nolan Clark.
Knowledge independent of experience Kant calls "a priori" knowledge, while knowledge obtained through experience is termed "a posteriori".
It was first published in the UK by William Heinemann Ltd in 1956.
It was first published in 2004 by Random House Canada.
Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams, Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
The book is admired for the artfulness of its verse narrative as well as for its exploration of life, death, love, ennui, convention and passion.
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a 2006 Holocaust novel by Irish novelist John Boyne.
The novel tells the story of a researcher Michael Pinson and his friend Raoul Razorbak who go explore the Ultimate Continent: the continent of death.
The Trials of Nikki Hill is a legal thriller written by Christopher Darden and Dick Lochte, and published Time Warner Company in 1999.
"You people were arrested, but we were herded into meetings to 'expose' you.
A complete edition of the original Alias the Saint was first published by Fiction Publishing Company in the early 1960s.
It has also had an important influence on popular perceptions of Robin Hood, Richard the Lionheart and King John.
James Bond and Moonraker is a novelization by Christopher Wood of the James Bond film Moonraker.
"The Man Who Walked on the Moon"
The Looking Glass Wars is the first book in a trilogy by the same name.
Kogawa uses strong imagery of silence, stones and streams throughout the novel.
The Clash of Civilizations is a hypothesis that people's cultural and religious identities will be the primary source of conflict in the post-Cold War world.
The Evidence of Things Not Seen is a 1985 nonfiction book by James Baldwin about the Wayne Williams Atlanta child murders of 1979-1981.
The idea of darkness, skin color, and self-identification are also heavily focused upon within this memoir.
It was published by the University of New Mexico Press in 2005.
The published cumulation would become his longest work.
It includes an added introduction, the essay "The Idea of Public Reason Revisited" — some 60 pp.
He proceeds to outline some of the differences between these two types of readers.
sprawl, and suburbanisation of surrounding country towns
J. R. R. Tolkien said he read the book "with avidity".
This substantial expansion includes a fifth book and an appendix of songs.
It is described by the author on its cover as a "thumping good detective-ghost-horror-who dunnit-time travel-romantic-musical-comedy-epic".
The Duino Elegies are intensely religious, mystical poems that weigh beauty and existential suffering.
The novel features her series protagonist Commissaire Adamsberg and concerns the supposed existence of werewolves in a remote French village.
While initially promoted as a memoir, it was later discovered that many of the events described in the book never happened.
Many critics view Omeros as Walcott's "major achievement."
This can happen either because the pair forms a binary star, i.e.
Hell Has No Limits is a 1966 novel written by Chilean José Donoso.
Edvard Brandes wrote that it "makes the reader want to join the fight against hypocrisy and reaction."
Butler's ideas about gender came to be seen as foundational to queer theory and the advancing of dissident sexual practices during the 1990s.
Ramona the Brave is a children's novel written by Beverly Cleary.
The story, and its main characters, attracted little public interest when it first appeared.
In the Prologue, Santayana explains that, "in Oliver puritanism worked itself out to its logical end.
The Manticore is the second novel in Robertson Davies' Deptford Trilogy.
The book was originally published in 1951, and it won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1952.
It is written with the intention of belonging to the Realism movement leaning towards Naturalism, much like Flaubert's Madame Bovary.
Throughout the work, Russell's ambition is to develop a new method of conceiving the social sciences as a whole.
A British edition appeared in 1955, with the title rendered Nine Tales of Space and Time.
The Bungalow Mystery is the third volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
Dragons of War is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Rowley.
Moorcock also recorded and released a single called "Brothel in Rosenstrasse".
The book records eighty-seven legends, myths and other traditional stories of the ǀXam Bushmen in their now-extinct language.
The novel was released in the United States on May 1, 1988.
El Laberinto is a 1974 novel by the Argentine writer Manuel Mujica Laínez.
The Blue Flowers, also known as Between Blue and Blue, is a French novel written by Raymond Queneau in 1965.
It was published in April 2006 by University Press of Kansas as a 397-page hardcover.
Angels and Visitations is a collection of short fiction and nonfiction by Neil Gaiman.
The Final Sanction is a BBC Books original novel written by Steve Lyons and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Only the later portions of the book address the thesis directly.
"Hansel and Gretel" is a well-known fairy tale of German origin, recorded by the Brothers Grimm and published in 1812.
It was also an important chemistry text for the period and is significant in the history of chemistry.
The House on Mango Street is a 1984 coming-of-age novel by Mexican-American writer Sandra Cisneros.
In the book, Huxley satirises the fads and fashions of the time.
Other Losses cites documents in the U.S. National Archives and interviews with people who stated they witnessed the events.
Islands in the Net is a 1988 science fiction novel by Bruce Sterling.
It has also indirectly inspired many more works of fiction in many media productions.
The theme of the book is that dreams, although powerful and necessary for human sanity, are dangerous if brought into the real world.
Those Who Trespass: A Novel of Television and Murder is a 1998 novel by US television personality Bill O'Reilly.
The Catcher in the Rye is a 1951 novel by J. D. Salinger.
The film features Michael Caine as secret agent Harry Palmer, the anti-hero protagonist.
Gurdjieff and is a compilation of the lectures of P. D. Ouspensky at London and New York City, 1921–1946, published posthumously by his students in 1957.
Set in 18th-century New England, the novel explores New England history, highlights the issue of slavery, and critiques the Calvinist theology in which Stowe was raised.
it was first published in 1969, and is the 4th entry in her popular Inspector Wexford series.
To achieve this goal, it suggests the formation of SCUM, an organization dedicated to overthrowing society and eliminating the male sex.
Also, the book showcases Hijuelos' distinctive, richly detailed description of his characters' lives written in a prose-style that evokes the rhythms of Cuban music.
Beresford's father was a minister, and Beresford was himself partially disabled, some see autobiographical aspects to the story.
Large expanses of the planet were unsettled.
Murakami is alleged to have said that he did not intend these novels to be published outside Japan.
As with most of the later books in the series, this one is illustrated by Brian Williams.
The book was first published in 1990 by Pan Macmillan.
The title, "Bloomability", comes from Keisuke, one of Dinnie's friends in the book.
It treats these topics in case studies, featuring implementations in several programming languages.
Some notable - and intriguing - characters, like General Conyers and Ted Jeavons, are developed, in contrast to the little we learn of Nick.
The novel Blue at the Mizzen is the twentieth and last completed historical novel in the Aubrey-Maturin series by Patrick O'Brian, first published in 1999.
A Pocketful of Rye is a 1969 novel by A. J. Cronin about a young Scottish doctor, Carroll, and his life in Switzerland.
However, Kierkegaard mentions that anxiety is a way for humanity to be saved as well.
The Little School is a novel written by Alicia Partnoy, a woman who was "disappeared" during the Dirty War period of the history of Argentina.
The twelve letters cover a wide range of topics, from the emergence of an American identity to the slave trade.
Virgin had for some time planned for a spin-off series based on the characters and settings created in the Doctor Who New Adventures.
The book is a description of the grammar with a few examples for every rule.
The novel depicts the Weequahic section of Newark which includes Weequahic High School from which Roth graduated.
The Detective Book Club issued an edition, also in 1952, as Blood Will Tell.
The Sneetches and Other Stories is a collection of stories by American author Dr. Seuss, published in 1953.
The Gates of Morning is a romance novel by Henry De Vere Stacpoole, first published in 1925.
Some of the collection's important stories are rather short.
It presumably includes notes from his father Ban Chao.
The 1973 death of Knapp's wife set the date of the time limit to May 1993.
Rage of Angels is a novel by Sidney Sheldon published in 1980.
Dianetics: The Evolution of a Science covers how Hubbard defined the reactive mind and developed the procedures to get rid of it.
The book argues that Islam did not originate in Mecca, located in western Saudi Arabia, but in northern Arabia.
Flat Stanley's Worldwide Adventures is an American children's book series written by different authors such as Sara Pennypacker, Josh Greenhut, and David Ross.
Government, military, social structures, and the historical development of the Draka are all outlined here.
It features the Fifth Doctor, Tegan, Turlough, The Brigadier, and UNIT.
It is illustrated with 67 drawings by the writer's daughter, closely "after" the originals by John Tenniel.
It is, in part, a sequel to the television serial Image of the Fendahl.
Nightrunners of Bengal is the title of the first novel by John Masters.
The Hollywood Takes is a novel written by the English author Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United States by Doubleday in 1988.
Much of the work centers on Miller's experiences with friends and fellow students while auditing courses at Reed College, a liberal arts college in Portland, Oregon.
Hardy began writing the book in 1884 and wrote the last page on 17 April 1885.
The ankh appears in hand or in proximity of almost every deity in the Egyptian pantheon.
The Black Moth is a Georgian era romance novel by the British author Georgette Heyer, set around 1751.
The 480 in the title denotes the number of groups that the computer simulation uses to classify the American electorate.
Dissolution of the realm seems certain as alliances are formed and begin to intrigue against each other.
This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1931.
In synthetic propositions, on the other hand, the predicate-concept is not already contained within the subject-concept.
The book was a winner of the 1992 Betty Trask Award and was the first debut novel to be shortlisted for the Booker Prize.
Even after being captured and going through harsh torture, Sijan escaped once again, only to again be captured.
The Music of Chance is an absurdist novel by Paul Auster.
The complete trilogy was later combined for publication in book form under the title of the first part by A. C. McClurg in June 1924.
The book begins with a series of metalogues, which take the form of conversations with his daughter Mary Catherine Bateson.
The Stones of Venice is a three-volume treatise on Venetian art and architecture by English art historian John Ruskin, first published from 1851 to 1853.
The book was first conceived by Allende when she received news that her 100-year-old grandfather was dying.
As a first-time novelist, Niffenegger had trouble finding a literary agent.
It is the first of three Saint books to first see publication in 1968, which was also the 40th anniversary of the character's introduction.
It was a nominee of the 2005 Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award.
Taran Wanderer is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander, the fourth of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain.
A Figure in Hiding is Volume 16 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.
Each part is then broken into chapters.
"Antic hay", here, refers to a playful dance.
Mothers heavily relied on Spock’s advice and appreciated his friendly, reassuring tone.
The first Basic Books edition was published in August 1977.
Kurzweil predicts machines with human-level intelligence will be available from affordable computing devices within a couple of decades, revolutionizing most aspects of life.
Only 5,000 copies were printed and almost immediately after it was released the author wanted to disown the work.
Set in Virginia during the antebellum era, it examines the issues regarding the ownership of black slaves by both white and black Americans.
Our Man In Havana is a novel set in Cuba by the British author Graham Greene.
Notably, the book was critical of Steve Jobs and Apple, as well as Bill Gates and Microsoft.
In the first year after it was published, 300,000 copies of the book were sold in the United States; one million copies in Great Britain.
It was later published as a novel in 1969.
In the book, Barnett outlines his theory of constitutional legitimacy, interpretation and construction.
It is included in the 2012 collection: "Harlem Renaissance Novels".
It is in effect a prequel to the Arthurian Legend, where the search for the Holy Grail plays a conspicuous part.
Phineas Redux is a novel by Anthony Trollope, first published in 1873 as a serial in The Graphic.
Two versions of the novel are in print.
The word Turk was used generically in Brazil to refer to Arabs.
Rhapsody: A Dream Novel, also known as Dream Story, is a 1926 novella by the Austrian writer Arthur Schnitzler.
The first book in the series, Rider at the Gate was published in August 1995.
A Cellarful of Noise is the title of Brian Epstein's 1964 autobiography.
The girl he loved chases him down at the bus stop at the last minute, choosing to wander with him.
The Canary Trainer: From the Memoirs of John H. Watson is a 1993 Sherlock Holmes pastiche by Nicholas Meyer.
It was published in 2005 by Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers, who recommended it for ages "14 up".
The book is unique in the series in being told not from Horatio Hornblower's point of view, but rather from Bush's.
Skipping Towards Gomorrah was selected for inclusion in The Best American Sex Writing 2004, and won a Lambda Literary Award in 2003.
Berlin Diary is a first-hand account of the rise of Nazi Germany and its road to war, as witnessed by the American journalist William L. Shirer.
The military does find it of interest—it looks like the work of Skinks, the alien race responsible for an invasion of the planet Kingdom.
It has been instrumental in promoting belief in Territorial Spirits.
The Reader is a novel by German law professor and judge Bernhard Schlink, published in Germany in 1995 and in the United States in 1997.
It was printed under the pseudonym Captain George North.
Hooking Up is a collection of essays and a novella by American author Tom Wolfe, a number of which were earlier published in popular magazines.
The third book in the series, Dead and Alive, was published in 2009.
The Saint and the Templar Treasure is the title of a 1979 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar, alias "The Saint".
Thea Kronborg grows up, learning herself, her strengths and her talent, until she reaches success.
Shy Leopardess is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer, the third and last book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle.
Under the guise of pastoral characters, it is an examination of love and contains many allusions to contemporary literary figures.
The book is dedicated to John W. Campbell, the editor who bought many of the stories collected in this book.
One of their number died there, bringing the story back to the Valley.
"Dance of the Yellow-Breasted Luddites" is a science fiction novelette by William Shunn.
The work was on the Modern Library Board's 100 Best Nonfiction books of the 20th century.
Two editions were printed, one dedicated to the duke, and one for the Jewish public dedicated to Doña Gracia Nasi.
Its first hardcover edition was published in Italy in 1976, and Vintage issued a trade paperback in 1994.
The book is now available as a smaller hardcover edition.
Tenar's coming-of-age is closely tied to her exploration of faith and her belief in the Nameless Ones.
It is the first book in the Heritage of Shannara series, which takes place three hundred years after the end of the previous Shannara trilogy.
This was the fifth book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar, alias "The Saint".
He also spends some time at Nicholas Ferrar's community at Little Gidding, where he falls in love.
The book is included in several lists of the top books of the 20th century.
Alain is rumored to be based upon Colette's own brother.
The murder of Geneva Ellroy later contributed to her son's fascination with another unsolved murder in Los Angeles: the January 15, 1947 murder of Elizabeth Short.
Mysterious Stranger: A Book of Magic by street magician David Blaine was published on October 29, 2002 by Random House.
Time Stops for No Mouse is a children's mystery novel written by Michael Hoeye.
Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright, it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.
The title refers to Galahad Threepwood, a survivor of the Pelican Club.
All three books entered the Sunday Times bestseller lists, and the third made it to number one, so we managed to reach a significantly large audience.
Because Loung was resilient and determined, she trained as a child soldier in a work camp for orphans whilst other siblings were sent to labour camps.
In 1998, the Modern Library ranked Heart of Darkness sixty-seventh on their list of the hundred best novels in English of the twentieth century.
A strange and dreamlike novel, its chapters alternate between two bizarre narratives — "Hard-Boiled Wonderland" and "The End of the World".
The book was originally published under the pseudonym Leigh Nichols.
A one volume edition with a new introduction by Alan Ryan and an essay by E. H. Gombrich was published by Princeton University Press in 2013.
The Worm Ouroboros is a heroic high fantasy novel by English writer Eric Rücker Eddison, first published in 1922.
It failed to attract interest from publishers and was not released until after Toole's death, after Confederacy's great success.
The book is split into four sections.
The fear was that the virtue of the women of this period would be potentially endangered.
Daoud was also trained by the Hashishyya, a heretical Islamic order.
It is considered to be among the first mystery novels and is widely regarded as one of the first in the genre of "sensation novels".
More supplements came over the years until 1989, when the second edition was published.
and attempts to seek out and actually speak to God.
He and the other contributors advocated for the secularization of learning away from the Jesuits.
Very probably she is unconscious of her singularities.
Heather Has Two Mommies is a children's book written by Lesléa Newman with Diana Souza and Dana Kingsbury's illustrations, first published in 1989.
Furthermore, the oldest known copy, on which the majority of modern manuscripts are based, was written in 1676 C.E.
Ruth Putnam argues that Montalvo finished his novel sometime after 1492 but before Queen Isabella died in 1504.
The Valley of the Lost is the seventh book in the Deltora Quest novel series written by Emily Rodda.
Pierpoint, though often mentioned and often maligned, never appears in the novel.
After the story's first publication in The American Museum, it was heavily revised and reprinted throughout Poe's life.
Later, Freedman places four portraits of Lincoln on one page to show how much he aged throughout the Civil War.
Heinlein rewrote the work for this appearance.
The third book, ArchEnemy, was released on October 15, 2009.
The Spellcoats is the third published novel in Diana Wynne Jones's series Dalemark Quartet, but chronologically the first.
In other words, economic systems were not interdependent, they were embedded in status positions.
In the Merlin Missions, Jack and Annie have quests from the ancient wizard Merlin the Magician.
Both books take their titles from the common belief that the souls of martyrs live in Paradise in the hearts of green birds.
The title parodies that of Vonnegut's 1965 novel God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater.
The Beautiful Boy is a book, ISBN 0-8478-2586-8, by Germaine Greer, published in 2003.
The Metaphysics of Morals is a 1797 work of political and moral philosophy by Immanuel Kant.
Shade's Children is a young adult science fiction novel by Garth Nix.
The work consists of a 300-line semi-autobiographical electronic poem by Gibson, embedded in an artist's book by Ashbaugh.
First published in 1988, it was translated into English by Alfred Birnbaum in 1994.
It is the first novel King wrote after his rehabilitation from drugs and alcohol.
The book is alternative history set in 9th century England, where Viking raids are common.
The Man Who Japed is a science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick, first published in 1956.
Paine, like many other politicians and scholars, knew that the Colonists weren't going to support the American Revolutionary War without proper reason to do so.
In 1970, she published The Journals of Susanna Moodie, a cycle of poems informed by the published works of Mrs. Moodie.
The book is one of 7 prequels to Bradley's fantasy novel Mists of Avalon.
... People only want the factual truth.
In terms of creative works, Platonov depicted one of the first state-controlled dystopias of the 20th century.
In its introduction, "Who is Tiptree, What is He?
The Four Loves is a book by C. S. Lewis which explores the nature of love from a Christian and philosophical perspective through thought experiments.
It features the Third Doctor and Sarah Jane Smith.
Skybreaker, sequel to Airborn, is a fantasy novel for young adults and adolescents written by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel.
"He tried to blend in with the rest of the team, but after a while you could just see that George wasn't much of an athlete.
Throughout our lives, the finger of death points at us."
Her son Quanah Parker was the last Comanche leader to surrender.
Wodehouse adapted the story from a play, Come On, Jeeves, that he had written with his lifelong friend and collaborator Guy Bolton.
It is set in and around Les Halles, the enormous, busy central market of 19th-century Paris.
George Eld printed the quarto, and the run was divided between the booksellers William Aspley and John Wright.
Fighting Fantasy is a series of single-player fantasy roleplay gamebooks created by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone.
Why was she allowed to write such crap?"
His stated intent was to make antisemitism disappear by disproving its racial basis.
Imaro is a sword and sorcery novel written by Charles R. Saunders, and published by DAW Books in 1981.
Azriel carries the secret of Kolvillàg's destruction within him, forbidden to share his experiences.
The main characters are Jagan and his son Mali.
It was published by Palladium Books in June 1988 and uses the Palladium Megaversal system.
He ends up at a neighboring community living with religious fanatics who worship "The Power", a religion derived from the awe of a nuclear power station.
The Glass Cafe, is a young adult fiction novella by Gary Paulsen.
Norman discovers that someone has learnt how to "pre-incarnate" themselves.
Set in post-World War II Texas, the Bannon ranch is owned by Lonnie's venerable grandfather, Homer Bannon.
It was written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and published in 2003 when the author was 19.
In October 2005, Mrs Dalloway was included on Time's list of the 100 best English-language novels written since 1923.
Locations include The Alps, England, France, Lisbon, and Vienna.
The magazine's editor feared the story was indecent, and without Wilde's knowledge, deleted roughly five hundred words before publication.
Potter's tale pays homage to the leisurely summers her father and his companions passed sport fishing at rented country estates in Scotland.
Durant became a prisoner of Somali warlord Mohamed Farah Aidid for 11 days.
Throughout his essays, Thomas touches on subjects as various as biology, anthropology, medicine, music, etymology, mass communication, and computers.
Hagarism: The Making of the Islamic World is a 1977 book about the early history of Islam by the historians Patricia Crone and Michael Cook.
In 2011 the novel was adapted into a film.
Indian Muslims: Who Are They is a book by K. S. Lal published in 1990.
The Two Captains is a novel written by Soviet author Veniamin Kaverin between 1938 and 1944.
It continues where the previous book left off.
Noble House is a novel by James Clavell, published in 1981 and set in Hong Kong in 1963.
It was adapted again in 1979 by Delbert Mann, this time as a television film starring Richard Thomas and Ernest Borgnine.
The book is considered the most popular Saint volume.
The book was originally published as part of a contest to win $10,000.
Lady into Fox was David Garnett's first novel under his own name, published in 1922.
The Rules of Attraction is a satirical black comedy novel by Bret Easton Ellis published in 1987.
In 1971, Mrs. Tiggy-winkle became a character performed by Sir Frederick Ashton in the Royal Ballet film, The Tales of Beatrix Potter.
Anastasia deals with everyday problems such as popularity and the wart on her thumb.
The Damage Done is a book by Australian Warren Fellows.
The Machinery of Freedom is a nonfiction book by David D. Friedman which advocates an anarcho-capitalist society from a utilitarian / consequentialist perspective.
Wallace uses footnotes extensively throughout the piece for various asides.
Published in 1929, The Sound and the Fury was Faulkner's fourth novel, and was not immediately successful.
It is the fourth novel set in the fictional archipelago Earthsea, following almost twenty years after the Earthsea trilogy, and not the last, despite its subtitle.
This book was written and published before the elder McCourt published his own sequels, 'Tis and Teacher Man.
The Well at the World's End is a high fantasy novel by the British artist, poet, and author William Morris.
The second edition in 33 volumes was published from 1948 to 1954.
It's not very factual on motorcycles, either."
The Dosadi Experiment is a 1977 science fiction novel by Frank Herbert.
Charteris remained as editor of the books, approving stories and revising material when needed.
Betty Ballantine edited Restoree which initiated a long relationship between McCaffrey and Ballantine Books, or later its science fiction imprint Del Rey.
He arrived in America in 1869 and settled in Boston, where he established himself as a respected journalist, newspaper editor, novelist and poet.
The series features entire cities that are able to fly through space using an anti-gravity device, the spindizzy.
It was first published in the UK in 1940 by William Heinemann.
Flanimals is a book and a book series written by comedian Ricky Gervais.
It dealt with the causes, consequences and aftermath of the Sino-Indian War of 1962, that ended in Chinese People's Liberation Army inflicting a defeat on India.
Facing the Future is a young adult Christian novel written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye, number four of the Left Behind: The Kids series.
A Fall of Moondust is a hard science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke, first published in 1961.
Crèvecœur wrote Letters during a period of seven years prior to the American Revolutionary War, while farming land near Orange County, New York.
A noteworthy point is that plate number 6 is an engraving by H. Weddell, and not a lithograph.
Unnatural Causes is a detective novel by English crime writer P. D. James.
The fish dinner of the title turns into a symposium on Eddison's metaphysics.
Winner Take Nothing is a 1933 collection of short stories by Ernest Hemingway.
A working title for the novel was Hell's My Destination, and it was also associated with the name The Burning Spear.
A seminal work of literary realism, the novel is now considered Flaubert's masterpiece, and one of the most influential literary works in history.
The stories are about the baby boomer generation, specifically King's view that this generation failed to live up to its promise and ideals.
The book won "Best Past Doctor Adventure of 2000" in a Doctor Who Magazine reader poll.
Criticisms of the novel included a perceived lack of characterization and average writing.
The book was adapted to film in 2007, directed by Sean Penn with Emile Hirsch starring as McCandless.
Once the Singularity has been reached, Kurzweil says that machine intelligence will be infinitely more powerful than all human intelligence combined.
Martin's The Skin Trade was later included in Quartet: Four Tales from the Crossroads and Dreamsongs: A RRetrospective.
Amongst Women is a novel by the Irish writer John McGahern.
Tunnels of Blood is the third novel of twelve in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan.
Wilson received his advance 48 hours after that, according to his preface in the tenth printing of Prometheus Rising.
In 1965, Sholokhov was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature for this novel.
The Swarm War is a novel set in the Star Wars expanded universe.
The original cast members were all between the ages of 10 and 20.
It follows the adventures of Bobby Pendragon as he travels to Denduron.
This fragment was reissued in 1968 in the Phoenix II collection of Lawrence's assorted writings.
In 2009, "Nick Cave: The Exhibition" toured nationally in Australia.
He fights for both the Danes and for Alfred.
Memories of My Melancholy Whores is a novella by Gabriel García Márquez.
Beyond the Spectrum is a science fiction novel by Martin Thomas, published in 1964.
First responders in Argentina, Brazil, and Colombia have recently begun using the ERG as well.
The Mandalorian Armor is a Star Wars expanded universe novel.
The Fourth K is a novel by Mario Puzo, published in 1990.
Chapters from the book appeared in the October 1992 issue of Playboy.
Operation Hell Gate by Marc Cerasini is the first of the 24: Declassified novels based on the FOX television series 24.
The novel's plot involves a corporation called SenéNet, which anagrams to its true roots.
The story is in part based on the life of the painter Paul Gauguin.
In 1979 Asimov described Murder at the ABA as "my favourite book of all two hundred I have written so far."
Glad that the penal colony is behind him, Captain Aubrey discovers a stowaway prisoner aboard near Norfolk Island.
The title of the novel derives from the first line of the 1926 poem "Sailing to Byzantium" by W. B. Yeats.
The End of the Road is the second novel by American writer John Barth, published first in 1958, and then in a revised edition in 1967.
Power observes that American policymakers have been consistently reluctant to condemn mass atrocities as genocide or take responsibility for leading an international military intervention.
Ghoul Trouble is a novel by John Passarella set in the fictional universe of the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
The book was written with uncredited ghostwriter Barbara Feinman.
A sort of wave of something was going across me.
Although aspiring to be a poet, he works for a friend, Georg, managing the office of a small tombstone company.
My Ishmael is a 1997 novel by Daniel Quinn: a followup to Ishmael.
It was published in 2001 in a larger format than the other Discworld novels and illustrated on every page by Paul Kidby.
It was first published in the United States by Ace Books in 1965.
In the last, he is reconciled with her by the "Fountain of Venus".
The translation is entirely the work of Laurence Shapcote, an English Dominican friar.
The book also documents his efforts to free slaves, meet the founder of Rhodesia, Cecil Rhodes, and liberate a princess from captivity.
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman, the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence.
In his book, apart from Calvinists, Weber also discusses Lutherans, Methodists, Baptists, Quakers, and Moravians.
With the war going badly for Starfleet, the Enterprise travels to Organia to investigate.
The Nightmare Fair is a story originally written for the 1986 season of Doctor Who, but never filmed.
However, Berlin said, "I never meant it very seriously.
Some characters of the book would later appear in the Flash series Stainboy, which was created, directed, and written by Burton.
Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom is a 2003 science fiction book, the first novel by Canadian author and digital-rights activist Cory Doctorow.
The novel won a number of awards including the Governor General's Award for English Fiction, the CBA Libris Fiction Award, and CBC's Canada Reads.
The uncle's mentorship pertains to the nephew's responsibility in securing the damnation of a British man known only as "the Patient".
I am deeply thankful to know—from testimony public and private, anonymous and acknowledged—that this object has, by God’s blessing, been fulfilled.
All the console and PC games in the series were critically acclaimed, and the series is commercially successful.
They range in length from one sentence to multiple paragraphs.
It has also been published in Italian and German.
This was his last novel, and he considered it his most mature, written in conjunction with his wife, Joy Davidman.
The UK edition retailed for £3.50 and the US edition for $7.95.
Each chapter covers a particular topic area and is divided into around a dozen recipes each on a particular problem.
It was Illustrated by John R. Neill.
Pillar of Fire is a 1995 historical fantasy novel by Judith Tarr.
Other stories also deal with oppression and injustice.
Thus, when one of the twins is raped and killed, the authorities simply assume that it was the 'dominant' one: Regina.
Many readers see it as a criticism of globalization, although Barry claims he is not an anti-globalist.
Greyhawk Adventures is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons World of Greyhawk campaign setting.
Watership Down was Richard Adams' first novel.
The Marlows and the Traitor is the second in the series of novels about the Marlow family by Antonia Forest, first published in 1953.
The work was positively reviewed in Fifth Estate and Clamor, as well as by Kirsten Anderberg.
The protagonist of the novel is named Taylor Greer, a native of Kentucky.
Similarly, the native people that Unca Eliza discovers easily accept Christianity unlike Man Friday in Michael Tournier's modern revision of the Robinson Crusoe narrative, Friday.
It is the sequel to High Wizardry.
Volume 1 of Mein Kampf was published in 1925 and Volume 2 in 1926.
Waugh had converted to Roman Catholicism in 1930, after which his satirical, secular writings drew hostility from some Catholic quarters.
It collects issues 20-27 of Jeff Smith's Bone comics.
The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace.
The Thirteen Gun Salute is the thirteenth historical novel in the Aubrey–Maturin series by Patrick O'Brian, first published in 1989.
Trading Futures is a BBC Books original novel written by Lance Parkin and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The focus is on the complex relationships that develop between the various characters.
The two separate portions, The Land of the Infidel and The Holy War are a continuous tale.
When asked about Sheffield, Piper described him as "a bizarre character, capable of writing little more than a couple of vaguely-legible remarks in each letter.
Organized chronologically, beginning with Imhotep and concluding with Stephen Hawking, each biographical entry is numbered, allowing for easy cross-referencing of one scientist with another.
Dick instead approved White's coda as written and altered only a few words.
The suburban bushland surroundings quickly became important in Turner's stories.
The Bridge on the Drina remains Andrić's best known work.
The Witching Hour by Anne Rice is the first novel in the Lives of the Mayfair Witches series.
The Concept of Anxiety was published on exactly the same date as Prefaces, June 17, 1844.
The epigraph for White Jazz is "'In the end I possess my birthplace and I am possessed by its language.'
James Ellroy dedicated The Big Nowhere "To Glenda Revelle."
Eric S. Nylund is an American novelist and professional technical writer.
The author took the pseudonym Lanling Xiaoxiao Sheng, "The Scoffing Scholar of Lanling," and his identity is otherwise unknown.
The book was published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
The majority of books are grouped into trilogies, with each trilogy focusing on one character.
You may be looking for the article An Education, about the film.
In this picture of language we find the roots of the following idea: Every word has a meaning.
Future editions would draw on various sources and act as a compendium of published monsters.
Where Tithe is set mainly on the Jersey Shore, Valiant is set in New York City.
However, these same points are cited as strengths of the textbook by supporters.
The book is a collection of thirteen short stories.
The book begins and ends in the village of La Roche-Guyon.
Polaroids from the Dead is a collection of short stories and essays by Douglas Coupland.
Paladin of Souls is a 2003 fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold.
Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams, Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
The Rag and Bone Shop is Robert Cormier's final novel, published October 9, 2001, eleven months after his death.
Some of these were also signed by Barclay Shaw, the cover artist.
Almost all of the stories were completed in typescript, generally revised many times by the author.
An alleged werewolf may therefore be exposed by cutting, when wolf-hair will be seen in the wound.
The expurgated diary reveals Nin the philosopher and amateur but astute psychologist.
The current Catholic teaching was formalized at the 16th century Council of Trent.
Voss was alive as of 2011, when he wrote a letter to the Friends of the WII Memorial.
The book is dedicated to New York City politician, humanitarian, and fellow Irishman Paul O'Dwyer, who at the time of first publication had recently died.
It has been described as having sold the equivalent of a copy per minute since its publication.
Thirteen Steps Down is a psychological thriller novel by Ruth Rendell.
In this biography, we have attempted to reconstruct the full story of this remarkable and much misunderstood woman's experiences.
Common gull and mew gull are treated as separate species.
My Father's Glory is a 1957 autobiographical novel by Marcel Pagnol.
It includes monsters derived from mythology, and folklore, as well as creatures created for D&D specifically.
More Die of Heartbreak is a 1987 novel by the American author Saul Bellow, and was his tenth novel.
Roger Fry: A Biography is a biography of Roger Fry written by Virginia Woolf.
The US Edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence.
Although set in the Young Wizards universe, it was written as an adult novel.
It features the Tenth Doctor and Rose.
Although it is also the area code for Greater Rio de Janeiro, plus Teresópolis and Mangaratiba in the countryside.
The plot follows Martin beck and his colleagues trying to solve a murder on a senior policeman, known for his brutality against others.
An English translation by Adriana Hunter was published in 2002.
It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2003.
It is a regularly featured book on the Canadian Freedom to Read campaign.
Superficially the story follows one Theodore Gumbril in his invention of Gumbril's Patent Small-Clothes, trousers which contain a pneumatic cushion in the seat.
Seola is an antediluvian novel published in 1878, written by Ann Eliza Smith.
The Master of Disguise is the fourth novel in the Jedi Quest series by Jude Watson.
It was the final volume edited by Edward Stratemeyer before his death.
      
The plot concerns the theft of gold from a mining camp in Montana.
Mildred Pierce is a 1941 hardboiled novel by James M. Cain.
Everything's Eventual is a collection of 14 short stories written by Stephen King and published in 2002.
The woman's real name was Esperanza; Kerouac changed her name to Tristessa.
They are generally regarded as being aimed at a slightly older audience than many of his other children's books.
Among other things it satirises the then raging antipathy in the Church of England between High Church and Evangelical adherents.
Levant intersperses his reminisces about Hollywood in its heyday with one-liners and pithy quotes by himself and others.
Published in 1999, it begins where McCourt ended Angela's Ashes, his Pulitzer Prize winning memoir of his impoverished childhood in Ireland and his return to America.
Scholarship and comments by Anne's sister Charlotte Brontë suggest the novel is largely based on Anne Brontë's own experiences as a governess for five years.
A ZBC of Ezra Pound is a book by Christine Brooke-Rose published by Faber and Faber in 1971.
McLuhan pointed to the light bulb as an example.
The book was first published by O'Reilly in February 2002.
He does not exist as a concrete reality, but rather as a collection of memories and sensations.
It was originally composed using the cut-up technique partly from manuscripts belonging to The Word Hoard.
In 2007 the book won the Crime Writers' Association Duncan Lawrie International Dagger, the second year in a row Vargas won the award.
[...] And if you increase the food supply, you can increase your own population.
This knowledge was consecutively handed down orally within a small group of technicians and mining overseers.
Published in 1954, when the author was only 18, it was an overnight sensation.
Anxiety informs us of our choices, our self-awareness and personal responsibility, and brings us from a state of un-self-conscious immediacy to self-conscious reflection.
The novel could also be called a bildungsroman, as it focuses on Lala's development from childhood onward.
The Buddha of Suburbia, written by Hanif Kureishi, won the Whitbread Award for the best first novel.
The Rotters' Club was inspired by Bohumil Hrabal's Dancing Lessons for the Advanced in Age: a Czech language novel that consisted of one great sentence.
Written in part as an epistolary novel, it is largely narrated by the main character Edward "Ted" Wallace.
Slawter is the third book in The Demonata series written by Darren Shan.
To this day, a copy of On Liberty is passed to the president of the British Liberal Democrats as a symbol of office.
This was a shocking scene on American television.
The English Way of Death is an original novel written by Gareth Roberts and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Throughout the book they also cover what kids eat, how they sleep, play, and even clean-up afterwards.
At the end of the drama THE TRUTH -- which has been overlooked, disregarded, scorned, and denied -- prevails.
As they continue, theories abound about what is causing it.
The story is set in the 1830s at Rugby School, a public school for boys.
The Martian Sphinx is a science fiction novel by John Brunner, writing under the pen-name of Keith Woodcott.
Revolting Rhymes is a collection of Roald Dahl poems published in 1982.
It won the Arts Council National Book Award for Genre Fiction in 1981.
While trying to perform a spell to transform into a bird, he is accidentally transformed into an ass.
About 3,200 copies were sold during the author's life.
The book sold more than two million copies and has been translated into more than 30 languages.
It deals with a demon from Hell and his master.
It also includes proverbs, extracts from the Tao Te Ching, the Bible, the book of Chuang Tzu, the Talmud and various other sources.
He was a founding editor of Juice.
Brisingr is the third novel in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini.
Sawyer received a writer's reserve grant from the Ontario Arts Council in 1993 in support of his writing the novel.
