Brown defeated him by knockout in the sixth round.
Gerardo Miguel Bisbal Melero is a heavyweight boxer from Puerto Rico.
Hugo Ruiz Dominguez is a Mexican professional boxer.
Richard Caramanolis is a retired French professional boxer who was active between 1980 and 1989.
Rodak fought Bushy Graham to a draw in Madison Square Garden.
Karlo P. Maquinto was a super flyweight Filipino boxer who resided in Baguio City, Benguet, Philippines.
In 2003, Schmeling was ranked 55 on The Ring magazine's list of 100 greatest punchers of all time.
He is a former World Boxing Association flyweight champion.
"There is nothing fake about her; there are no masks.
Erkan Teper is a German professional boxer.
A sports hall in Babadag, Romania is named after him.
Lowey fought at super bantamweight and won the IBO world title in 1995.
Ruíz had four successful defenses, defeating Juan Carazo, Ángel Rosario, Wilfredo Vargas and Armando Velasco.
He won the interim title on May 1, 2011 in Phetchaburi, Thailand against Drian Francisco, and was elevated to full champion in November of that year.
As a professional, he defended the Lineal and WBC Strawweight Championship a record 21 times.
He also challenged once for the vacant WBA lightweight title in 2011.
Denver Cuello is a Filipino professional boxer.
Michael Leroy Juárez is an American former professional boxer who fought at lightweight.
Velardes made his professional debut on February 5, 2005 against Alberto Gustavo Torres.
James "Buster" Douglas is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1981 to 1990, and 1996 to 1999.
José Luis Ramírez is a retired Mexican boxer.
He retired in 1983 after a failed defence of his British title.
The next day, the two sparred again.
In his final fight, Spinks was knocked out by Mike Tyson in 91 seconds, the only defeat of his professional career.
Craig McEwan is a Scottish boxer raised in Wester Hailes, Edinburgh, Scotland.
He was born in Weston, Massachusetts and died in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Clark quickly became a fan favorite and gained a lot of support from blue collar workers in the South Florida area.
After losing to Brown, she returned home, where she defeated Joenette Toby on August 6, 2001, also by a four-round decision.
Amado Ursua was a Mexican boxer in the Light Flyweight division.
He is a former Mexican National, NABF, and the WBO Light Flyweight Champion.
Mitchell then became a true 'road warrior', defending his title 12 times abroad.
Alex Laurell Buxton was an English boxer who was British light-heavyweight champion between 1954 and 1955.
He won the lightweight championship of the world three times, as the WBC lightweight champion, and the WBA champion and.
Many people consider him, Antonio Cervantes and Miguel "Happy" Lora to be the three greatest boxers ever to come from that country.
Willie Palms is an American professional boxer.
Paul Butler is an English professional Bantamweight boxer and a former IBF Bantamweight champion.
Timo Hoffmann is a German professional boxer and multiple-time European heavyweight title challenger.
His current record is 21 wins 2 losses, 1 draw and 1 no contest, with 10 knockouts.
Dooley has been quoted as saying "You’re too good for me, Bill, but I would sooner lose to you than Felix.
The city of Chandler dedicated Zora Folley Memorial Park in his honor.
Joel Luna Zárate is a Mexican former professional boxer in the Super Flyweight division.
Yuri Arbachakov was a boxing champion in the flyweight division.
He is the former EBU Featherweight Champion.
He is the reigning USBA Welterweight Champion.
He is a former Mexican National Light Flyweight and the WBC Light Flyweight Champion.
Juan Hernandez Navarrete is a Mexican professional boxer in the strawweight division and held the NABF strawweight championship.
Larry Dennis Mosley is an American boxer in the Welterweight division.
Graham did however, have the remarkable distinction of never having been knocked off his feet in his long career.
He is a former CBF Lightweight Champion.
Fidel LaBarba was a United States boxer and sportswriter.
His nickname was "Fantasma", which is the Spanish word for "ghost".
Lamontagne has also done ad campaigns for Versace, Calvin Klien, Joe Boxer and Everlast, and appeared in advertisements for Reebok, Naturalizer Shoes, and Naked Fish.
Shane Andre Mosley, often known by his nickname "Sugar" Shane Mosley, is an American professional boxer.
Charles Hatley is an American professional boxer, and is considered one of the best prospects in the Light middleweight division.
He would lose his next fight, to Leopoldo Vargas, on May 7.
He was former British Masters, English, British and Commonwealth flyweight title challenger.
Johnson fought many of the top fighters of his era, including George Foreman, Joe Frazier, Sonny Liston, Jerry Quarry, Duane Bobick, Joe Bugner and Eddie Machen.
Leo Rodak was an American boxer from Chicago.
Stevenson Adonis, best known as Adonis Stevenson, is a Haitian Canadian professional boxer.
His trainer is his father, Yoel Judah.
Dusty and his team will be decked out in FILA branded apparel and footwear exclusively.
Aris Ambríz is a Mexican American professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
He became the European heavyweight champion in 2010, after defeating Michael Sprott in a rematch of their 2007 bout.
Dennis Andries is a British former professional boxer who fought at light heavyweight.
McDermott won a unanimous points decision against Matt Skelton on 16 March 2013 to regain the English Heavyweight title.
As an amateur he won the 2005 and 2006 Russian national championships in the super-heavyweight division.
Gilberto Ramírez Sánchez is a Mexican professional boxer who has held the WBO super middleweight title since 2016.
There he joined the boxing club BC Schwarz Weiß in 1972, and won the Austrian light-middleweight amateur title in 1973–76.
On January 18, 2003, Riley defeated Angie Bordelon by a six round decision in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Henry Hall was a British boxer who was British welterweight champion between 1948 and 1949.
Gogarty became a World Champion after winning the fight on a ten-round decision.
José Enrique Salgado Fernández is a Mexican professional boxer and the current North American Boxing Association Super Flyweight Champion.
Michael Alldis was trained by James Cook, and managed by Barry Hearn.
Froch was voted Fighter of the Year for 2012 by World Boxing News and BoxRec.
He has held the European Union cruiserweight title since March 2017, having previously held it from 2011 to 2012.
József Kreul "Joe" Bugner is a Hungarian-born British-Australian former heavyweight boxer and actor.
In 2012, he qualified for the summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.
His brother Victor Bisbal was gold medallist in heavyweight in 2002, since 1954 no Puerto Rican had won gold medal in heavyweight.
Wilson is managed and trained by Glyn Rhodes and is under contract to Ricky Hatton's Hatton Promotions.
He's the former WBA Latino and IBA Featherweight champion.
Brian Mitchell is a former professional boxer and quite possibly the best South African boxer of all time.
Following his debut in 1998, he became an integral player for England, serving as both captain and vice-captain of the team.
The Ring ranked him as the ninth greatest puncher of all time.
James Jackson Jeffries was an American professional boxer and World Heavyweight Champion.
On April 30, 2005 he defeated Yodsanan Sor Nanthachai for the WBA world championship title, by a unanimous decision.
He is a former unified minimumweight world champion, having held the WBO and then concurrently the IBF title in 2014.
Mildenberger fought Muhammad Ali for the World Heavyweight Title in September 1966.
Previously she held the same title from 2007 to 2012, and the WBO title from 2009 to 2012.
He was coached by Gary Toups from West Wego, Louisiana.
He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the fourth round of the 2006 NFL Draft.
Billy Thompson was a British boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1947 and 1951, and European champion from 1948 to 1949.
In his 45th fight, he beat the great Tippy Larkin.
Roman currently fights in the super bantamweight division.
; that same year, Barney defeated Paul Owen for the British Masters super middleweight title.
He was inducted into the Ring Magazine Hall of Fame in 1977 and the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1989.
In October 2006, Spina lost by third round stoppage to Peter Manfredo Jr. in Providence, Rhode Island, the first loss in Spina's career.
Along with boxing, Pete Podgorski is involved in the political arena.
He is perhaps best known for beating Julio Cesar Chavez in the Mexican fighter's last professional bout.
Mario Meraz is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Middleweight division.
Remarkably, the majority of his recorded wins were by knockout, and his losses were few, at under ten percent of his total fights.
Though short, Walker was quick on his feet, could take a punch on the chin, and was a strong puncher.
Gary Lockett is a Welsh former professional boxer and middleweight world title challenger.
Tyson became the lineal champion in 1988 when he knocked out Michael Spinks in 91 seconds of the first round.
Jorrín was trained by five-time Trainer of the Year Freddie Roach.
Quincy Taylor Jr. has one son Quincy Lee Taylor III, who is a retired Marine officer and now lives in Baton Rouge, LA.
Hagler is an inductee of the International Boxing Hall of Fame and the World Boxing Hall of Fame.
He held the WBC super bantamweight title from 2008 to 2012, and challenged for the lineal super bantamweight title in his final fight.
Lee Sala was a leading contender for the middleweight boxing crown in the 1940s and 50s.
Román "Rocky" Martínez is a Puerto Rican professional boxer.
He was twice British super featherweight champion, from 1988–1989 and 1994-1996.
He is a former Southern Area champion at Featherweight and has twice competed for the full British title at Super Bantamweight.
As an amateur, Welch became one of the UK's ABA Heavyweight Champions.
The personality contrast made fans very interested in their matches.
Benjamin Franklin "Ben" Funk was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
She is also daughter of NFL Hall of Famer, Charlie Sanders.
His former students include world champions Roger Mayweather, Lamon Brewster, Johnny Tapia, Orlando Canizales, Reggie Johnson and Bruce Curry.
Zhang claimed China's first professional boxing world champion.
In 2001, Cole portrayed boxer Ernie Terrell in the film Ali.
Clancy also hosted and produced Gil Clancy's Boxing Journal on the FNN/Score cable TV network.
Alex Ibbs, nicknamed El Toro, is a British heavyweight boxer based in Stoke-on-Trent, England.
During his career he faced the likes of Mickey Walker, Young Corbett III, Jimmy McLarnin, Marcel Thil, and Fred Apostoli.
Miguel Flores is a professional boxer in the Featherweight class.
He defended the belt twice before losing it to Julien Lorcy in 2001.
She is a Kenyan female boxer who has been nicknamed "Hands of Stone" and is ranked number five in the world.
His first defence came three months later and Tee Jay stopped him in the first round to take the title.
Recently Ibarra started training pro boxer James Toney to fight in MMA.
He won his next two fights on points, before suffering his first defeat at the hands of Paul Morby in Portsmouth in November 2007.
Past relationships include, American singer/songwriter Stoops Brinkman.
Along with his trainer Vladimir Trenin Lagutin managed to find causes of his losses and earned USSR and Olympic Champion titles again in 1968.
On November 1, 2008, González won his first major tournament, dominating the International Boxing Association's Youth World Championship in his category.
The Billy Hardy Sports Centre, in Castletown, Sunderland bears his name.
Benjamin "Ben" Tackie is a Ghanaian professional boxer and world title challenger.
As of May 2017 he is ranked as the world's best cruiserweight by The Ring magazine, the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board, and BoxRec.
Majewski went to college to become a teacher in Poland, but later moved Atlantic City, New Jersey in the United States.
Nurcan Çarkçı Göksel is a Turkish female boxer.
The films by order of release date are: Rocky, Rocky II, Rocky III, Rocky IV, Rocky V, Rocky Balboa and Creed.
He fought for the world heavyweight championship in 1975, losing on points in a second bout with Ali.
As his career and fame progressed, he became the toast of the city, the hope of Peru and a national symbol in a fragmented society.
Moore is rated by prominent boxing website BoxRec as the 3rd greatest pound-for-pound boxer of all-time.
Ibragimov is only the sixth southpaw world heavyweight champion in history: the others being Michael Moorer, Corrie Sanders, Chris Byrd, Ruslan Chagaev, and Charles Martin.
Aramian's world ranking is 174 out of 751.
He was the winner of the tenth Prizefighter tournament featuring boxers in the light middleweight category.
Colin Kenna is an Irish boxer, formerly a holder of the BBofC Southern Area heavyweight title belt.
Adrián Mora is a Mexican American professional boxer and the former IBA Light Welterweight Champion.
In 2015 he challenged once for the unified light-heavyweight world title, and in 2007 won the third season of The Contender reality TV series.
Lee Purdy is a retired English boxer from Colchester, Essex, United Kingdom who fights in the welterweight division.
Outside the sport he is an ordained minister, author, and entrepreneur.
Kui Kong Young defended the World Bantamweight Title against Manuel Ortiz.
Fullmer retired from the ring in 1973.
He is a former IBF and USBA super featherweight champion.
András Gálfi is a Hungarian middleweight boxer.
He fights under the care of Johnny S. Elorde, President of the Johnny Elorde Management International, and his wife, Liza Elorde, a boxing care manager.
He held the European Union super-lightweight title from 2010 to 2011, and has challenged once for the European super-lightweight title in 2013.
Reid continued his great start winning his first four fights, two by way of knock out.
He is one of only four Welshmen to hold a British boxing title at different weights, the others being Johnny Basham, Pat Thomas and Jack Petersen.
She represented Tunisia in the 2012 Summer Olympics taking place in London in the flyweight division.
Wesley "Wes" Ramey was an American boxer who was dubbed the "Uncrowned Champion of the Lightweights".
Jeffrey Mathebula is a professional boxer was IBF junior featherweight champion and is ranked as the sixth best super bantamweight in the world by The Ring.
Kaelan Joyce, is an amateur boxer from the British Overseas Territory, Gibraltar.
The Duvas have been given the title of "the first family of boxing".
He was buried in Belfast, New York, but his body was moved next to his mother's plot at New Cathedral Cemetery in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Mancini inherited his distinctive nickname from his father, veteran boxer Lenny "Boom Boom" Mancini, who laid the foundation for his son's career.
He undertook a series of fights between 1805 and 1812 when he retired, becoming a coal merchant and then publican.
James Melvin Hughes was an American professional boxer in the welterweight division.
He recently was ruled out of a tournament for being 5 pounds overweight
Champion also fought as a member of the United States national boxing teams.
His career record was 161 wins, 44 losses and 19 draws.
As an amateur he won a silver medal in the heavyweight division at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Fred Dyer born Frederick William O'Dwyer, was a Welsh boxing champion, boxing manager and baritone singer.
He is the former WBA World Flyweight Champion.
This ancient surname of many spellings, is a "crusader" import into Europe from the Holy Land.
Alfredo Evangelista is a former Uruguayan boxer.
Cassius Baloyi,, is a retired professional boxer.
Andre Purlette is a Guyanese boxer and was a highly touted prospect in the heavyweight division.
Early was floored in the first round and counted out by the referee.
Melissa "Missy" Fiorentino is a female boxer from Cranston, Rhode Island, United States.
Harold Gomes is a former professional boxer.
He remains the only boxer in history to have won gold at the Pan Am Games, World Championships and U.S. Nationals all in the same year.
On May 5, 2012 Cisneros was stopped in the first round by former amateur world champion and olympian, Demetrius Andrade.
From 1990 to 1993 Manning Galloway defended the WBO welterweight title eight times ultimately losing it to Gert Bo Jacobsen.
John Trevor Patten, known professionally as Johnny Jarrett, is an Australian Aboriginal elder and community leader, former rugby league player and professional boxer.
Rubén Galván is a Mexican American professional boxer in the Light Middleweight division and is the former Indiana Boxing Association Light Welterweight Champion.
Joe is the brother of welterweight champion Zab Judah and former U.S. Boxing Association light heavyweight champion Daniel Judah.
He held the WBO super-middleweight title twice between 2009 and 2014, and the European light-heavyweight title from 2016 to 2017.
José Manuel Durán Pérez, popularly known as "Pepe Durán" is a former Spanish professional boxer.
Barney Ross was an American professional boxer.
Baldwin fought Harlem Tommy Murphy to a draw in Massachusetts.
He later fought in two more world championship fights, losing both.
He is notable for his EBU lightweight challenge against Freddie Welsh, winning the French welterweight belt in 1912.
Roy Levesta Jones Jr. is an American professional boxer, boxing commentator, boxing trainer, rapper, and actor who holds dual American and Russian citizenship.
In his youth, he became an aizkolari or traditional competitive Basque wood chopper.
After beating Ahumada by a decision in 15, Galíndez returned to South Africa, where he once again beat Fourie by decision in 15.
He is a former top-rated prospect who is known for his punching power, having held the British, English, and Commonwealth heavyweight titles between 2012 and 2013.
Storey fought at Super Middleweight and won the British Super Middleweight Title in 1995.
Derry Mathews is an English retired boxer.
Daniel Richard Nardico was an American professional boxer who was once ranked the fifth-best light heavyweight boxer by Ring Magazine.
As of May 2017, he is ranked as the world's third best bantamweight by The Ring magazine, and fourth by BoxRec.
Gene Pukall, is a German professional boxer fighting in the heavyweight division.
Arroyo won his first major gold medal at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games, defeating Yan Bartelemí in the finals.
He is the former WBA Super Flyweight champion, WBO and Lineal Light Flyweight champion.
Nicknamed "Thunder," Gatti was known for his heart and bravery in the ring, and also carried exceptional punching power.
As of 2009 George Arias is preparing himself to make an assault toward the world title but this time with the professional help of investors.
He represented Jamaica at the 1984 Olympics, and won a bronze medal in the heavyweight division at the 1983 Pan American Games.
Omar Andrés Narváez is an Argentine professional boxer.
He made a comeback in 1981, fighting just once, before retiring.
Melchor Cob Castro a professional boxer in the light flyweight division.
By then, she had moved to Florida to train.
Sean Murphy is an English boxing trainer and former professional fighter.
Stephen Haughian is a professional boxer from Lurgan, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
In 2004, Bean dropped decisions to Tony Thompson and Yanqui Diaz.
Henri Piet was a French Lightweight boxer.
Robert Hawkins is a journeyman heavyweight boxer who fought many contenders and champions in the 1990s and 2000s
He was known for his great strength and ability to absorb tremendous punishment, although today he is also known for his title loss to Jack Dempsey.
Arias is the current Brazilian and South American heavyweight title holder.
He has been one of Ireland's most successful amateur fighters of all time.
Juan Alberto Rosas is a Mexican professional boxer and the former IBF Super Flyweight champion.
Ralph "Tiger" Jones was a boxer during the 1950s.
Jonathan Victor Barros is an Argentine featherweight boxer and former WBA featherweight champion.
He had a total of 157 bouts.
Jean-Claude Bouttier is a French actor and former professional boxer.
Jeff Fenech is a retired Australian professional boxer.
He was the Lineal and WBA World Bantamweight Champion.
He won the WBA's version of the world light heavyweight championship title on 27 April 2007.
Having been promoted by the WBA to Super champion status, Cotto won a 2011 rematch against Antonio Margarito.
As an amateur he reached the first round of the middleweight bracket at the 2008 Olympics.
David Mark "Dave" Ferguson is a British heavyweight boxer based in Wallsend, England.
Ross Minter is the son of Alan Minter, the former World Middleweight Champion.
He later worked as a truck driver for the Coca-Cola Company in Indianapolis till 1991 when he relocated to New Jersey where he married Delores Green.
Fernandes was born in Ribandar, Goa, India.
Bert Sugar also ranked Armstrong as the second-greatest fighter of all time.
Brazier retired in 2004 with a final record of 105-18-1 along with some no-decision bouts.
Attila Levin is a Swedish boxer in the Heavyweight division.
Donnie Liboon Nietes is a Filipino professional boxer and current IBF flyweight champion.
He won the IBF cruiserweight title and was a major force in the division until moving up to heavyweight, where he had less success.
Ellyas Pical was the first world boxing champion from Indonesia, and was three times IBF Super flyweight champion.
Next was Las Vegas, for his first fight in the United States, another non title affair.
On May 27, 1983, Roldán made his international debut, with a 10-round decision over Teddy Mann in Rhode Island, United States.
On 3 March 2007, became European Boxing Union Super Featherweight Champion.
In 2013, having returned to light heavyweight to defend his titles, Dawson was knocked out by Adonis Stevenson in one round.
He died on 6 February 2007 survived by his wife and daughter.
Edwin "Chapo" Rosario was a world champion professional boxer who competed from 1979 to 1997.
Eric Fields is an American professional boxer.
He also boxed as a bantamweight, and unsuccessfully fought for the World bantamweight title.
Guillermo Rigondeaux Ortiz is a Cuban professional boxer.
His reign is the fourth world longest in the division.
Both fighters were the sons of former world champions.
He was sentenced to seven months in prison, and released on 7 February 2006.
Andrew Lewis was a Guyanese professional boxer in the Middleweight division and the WBA World Welterweight Champion.
He is a former European middleweight champion and multiple time world title challenger.
He had a successful amateur career, winning 63 out of 68 contests.
He defeated former heavyweight world title challenger Owen Beck in his only professional bout.
Training under Elias Tshabalala's guidance, he was crowned the International Boxing Organization strawweight champion in June 2010.
She is the oldest professional flyweight boxer, male or female, to win a share of the world flyweight title in history.
He was one of the first ever boxers to be trained by World Champion Roberto García.
But made a comeback in 2010 and had 6 fights in the years 2010-2012.. His last fight so far, was on December 8, 2012.
John Edward Kelly was an Irish-born American boxer, better known as Jack "Nonpareil" Dempsey who was the first holder of the World Middleweight Championship.
The fight went the distance and was a draw.
Thomas Joseph Gibbons was an American heavyweight boxer who remained nearly undefeated during his professional career.
Ali Chebah is a French-Algerian professional boxer in the light welterweight division.
Shannon Briggs is an American professional boxer.
He was also a former professional cruiserweight boxer known as 'The African Assassin'.
He defeated five world champions in non title fights including Freddie Miller, Baby Arizmendi, Tommy Paul, Lew Feldman, and Johnny Jadick.
In 2014, he was voted Fighter of the Year by the Boxing Writers Association of America and ESPN.
Aaron García is a Mexican American boxer in the Featherweight division.
Brown was an award winning amateur boxer, winning the New York state golden gloves award before turning professional, on September 27.
Sammy Mandell was a World lightweight boxing champion from 1926-1930.
He lost to Arturo Morales in back to back fights in 1965 and 1966, and he lost to Alfredo Urbina back to back in 1967.
As an amateur, Byrd represented the United States at the 1992 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the middleweight division.
When interviewed in 2008 Gross was incarcerated at the US Penitentiary, Hazelton and had a 2014 parole hearing planned.
He studied paralegal studies at Northern Michigan University.
Gonzalez then won eight fights in a row, before fighting for the Fecarbox regional Flyweight title.
Norgrove's death reopened the debate as to the safety of boxing as a sport.
He was also involved with the 2012 Olympics held in London, commentating on the fights alongside Jim Neilly and coaching the Olympic boxing squad.
His current professional record stands at 23 wins, and 13 losses out of 36 fights.
Celes Kobayashi is a former professional boxer from Ibaraki, Japan.
He held the WBA super-lightweight title, as well as the European and British lightweight titles.
Though trailing in points, Concepcion sent Banal to the canvass in the 10th round.
The surname was first recorded in 1202 in Lincolnshire, England.
Paul "Silky" Jones, is former World Boxing Champion, known as Silky for his quickness, truly unpredictable skills and defensive prowess.
Tyson retired from professional boxing in 2006, after being knocked out in consecutive matches against Danny Williams and Kevin McBride.
His amateur career was crowned by a 2008 Olympic bronze medal.
to Moore's 176 lbs., he lost a unanimous decision in 10 rounds at Baltimore's Memorial Stadium.
He is the former IBF lightweight champion of the world, and has challenged once for a light welterweight world title.
In his last fight he won the Commonwealth bantamweight title, beating Matthew Chanda of Zambia at York Hall, Bethnal Green, London by a split decision.
In 2007 he defeated then-unbeaten Nikolai Valuev to win the WBA heavyweight title for the first time, and would make two successful defences.
Takashi Miura is a retired Japanese professional boxer, and a former WBC Super featherweight Champion.
He fought Eddie Johnson in the round of 32, Johnson winning by TKO in round three.
His son Marvis became a boxer—trained by Frazier himself—but was unable to match his father's success.
Grigorian is a former WBO Lightweight Champion.
He is not undefeated anymore as a professional and is the IBA Americas Featherweight Champion & NABF Superbantamweight Champion.
Wilson's interest in boxing started as a teenager but he was a relative latecomer to the professional ranks, turning professional at 27.
He began boxing at age 7, and soon became accomplished within the amateur ring.
As the rounds rolled on, Román kept his pace to retain his title via a unanimous decision.
Mike Quarry was born in Bakersfield, California.
Juan Carlos García is a Colombian boxer in the Light Middleweight division and a Former NABF Light Middleweight champion.
Every good thing has to come to an end."
Jim Sullivan was a British boxer who was British middleweight champion between 1910 and 1912.
In 1903 Grim took on former heavyweight champion Bob Fitzsimmons.
Osório is promoted by current WBC Champion, Mexican Saúl Álvarez' company Canelo Promotions.
He is a former European super lightweight and welterweight champion, and a multiple time world title challenger.
Wilson won both times in Pennsylvania by decision in the first fight and by TKO in the second fight.
Machen dropped out of high school and became an amateur boxer.
Walter Ross was a Scottish boxer who was British bantamweight champion in 1919 and fought for the European title the same year.
Vincenzo Nardiello is a retired world championship Italian boxer in the super middleweight division.
Nicknamed "The Sniper", Sanders was a southpaw with a long reach, and was known for carrying formidable knockout power in his straight left hand.
He reigned as the world heavyweight champion from 1937 to 1949, and is considered to be one of the greatest heavyweights of all time.
Her professional record is 16-1-1 with six of her wins being by KO.
Hamed is ranked as the third best British featherweight boxer of all time by BoxRec.
José Juan Cotto is a retired Puerto Rican professional boxer.
O'Dowd was the only active boxing champion to fight at the front during World War I.
Jacobsen also was in a television show named Dalton that was shown in Denmark in 1993.
In 1907, Felix challenged the legendary Jack Johnson for World Colored Heavyweight Championship.
Al McCoy, October 23, 1894 – August 22, 1966), born Alexander Rudolph, was a boxing World Middleweight Champion from 1914 to 1917.
Bendall currently runs his own gym in Bournemouth.
Antonio de Marco Soto, best known as Antonio "Tony" DeMarco, is a Mexican professional boxer who held the WBC lightweight title from 2011 to 2012.
Rojas turned pro in 1986 and won the WBA and Lineal Featherweight Titles in 1993 by defeating Yong-Kyun Park by decision.
Simphiwe Nongqayi is a South African former professional boxer who competed from 2002 to 2012.
Holberg retired from professional boxing in 1921 after his loss to Hirschberger.
The population figures are given according to the 2004 official census.
Takahiro Ao is a Japanese professional boxer who fights at featherweight and is the former WBC Super Featherweight Champion.
Two of Fox's more surprising victories came against future heavyweight champion Jersey Joe Walcott.
James Leslie "Les" Darcy was an Australian boxer.
He held multiple championships at super-middleweight, including the WBA, IBO, European, and British titles, as well as having challenged for the British light-heavyweight title.
However, Fitzsimmons fought Sweeney in 1914, and boxing films had first been made almost 20 years before this, proving this belief to be an obvious fallacy.
He also played the boxing at the 2010 Asian Games by Lightweight(60 kg).
In his career, Angott met the best fighters in the welterweight and lightweight divisions.
The third fight was lost by decision in Motor Square Garden.
Bernardo Mercado was a heavyweight boxer briefly ranked as the top contender for the title of champion in 1980 by the WBC.
Lira retired at age 34 after a ten round decision loss to Russell Mitchell in Illinois in 1984.
In 2008 he returned once more and lost to Roy Jones Jr.
Cooper started boxing in 1996, after meeting trainer James Pena at the Nevada Partners gym in Las Vegas.
He was the son of Thomas McGowan, who had boxed under the name of "Joe Gans".
Chad Aquino is a Mexican American boxer.
He is fluent in four languages: Arabic, Dutch, English and Italian.
Kui Kong Young was undefeated in his first 6 fights with a record of 4-0-2.
His trainers were Jake Kravitz and Manny Seeman.
Kurti turned pro in 2004 and in June 2010 Kurti was a reserve for the Super-Middleweights prizefighter competition at York Hall, Bethnal Green.
Freitas had a difficult childhood, often sleeping on a sandy floor at his house.
Langford stood 5 ft 7 1⁄2 in and weighed 185 lb in his prime.
Henry was small for a heavyweight but had an explosive punch.
Roy is a co-trainer of undefeated title contender Alfonso López III.
Lafarrell Deshun Bunting is an American boxer.
His book, which is an autobiography is called, "The Last Round".
Floyd Mayweather Sr. is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1974 to 1990, and has since worked as a boxing trainer.
Bobby carelessly dropped his guard, and Morrison took advantage and knocked him out with a free head shot.
He subsequently competed in the Torneo Nacional de Boxeo Aficionado Isaac Barrientos, defeating McWilliams Arroyo, in the finals to win the senior national title.
Dorfer was born in a family of farmers, and was trained as a cheesemaker in his youth.
Melissa McMorrow is an American professional boxer.
He has challenged twice for a light middleweight world title, in 2013 and 2016, and held the WBC Silver light middleweight title from 2011 to 2012.
She considers herself good friends with fighters Fedor Emelianenko, Alexander Povetkin, and Nikolai Valuev.
John Reid "Gentleman Jack" McGowan was an Australian boxing champion.
Angott retired with a record of 94 wins, 29 losses and 8 draws.
His brother Dennis Waterman became an actor and singer.
László Bognár is a Hungarian former professional boxer who fought in the featherweight to light welterweight divisions.
He was a two-time light welterweight world champion, having held the WBA title from 1980 to 1983, and the IBF title from 1984 to 1985.
Roberto Ortiz Cervantes is a Mexican boxer in the Light Welterweight division.
Jameel McCline is an American former professional boxer.
Giuseppe "Bepi" Ros is a former heavyweight boxer.
In 2015 Bakhtov was suspended after his fight against Arnold Gjergjaj because of failing a drug test for methylhexanamine doping.
Watson's career was cut short as a result of near-fatal injury sustained during a loss to Chris Eubank for the WBO super-middleweight title in 1991.
Byron Deangelo-Tarone Mitchell is an American former professional boxer who fought from 1996 to 2012.
Pat "Irish" O'Connor is a former professional light heavyweight boxer from Rochester, Minnesota.
Joe Lucy was a British boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1953 and 1955 and again between 1956 and 1957.
She lost that fight by a ten round split decision.
Liston was particularly known for his toughness, formidable punching power, and intimidating appearance.
Charles Huerta is a professional boxer in the Featherweight division.
Though Dundee was a clever boxer with little knockout power, he was highly skilled at fighting off the ropes and was always in outstanding condition.
Born in Crumlin in Monmouthshire, Power became the Welsh heavyweight champion in 1926.
His body was donated to the Philadelphia Medical College for scientific research.
In 1997, Filippo was honored by the Cauliflower Alley Club.
Hodkinson has been a great ambassador for boxing and has appeared on A Question of Sport, Grandstand and has featured in openings with Mohammed Ali.
Lamar Russ is an American professional boxer in the Middleweight division.
Chávez is a six-time world champion in three weight divisions, and for several years was considered the best boxer in the world, pound for pound.
His son is former world heavyweight champion, James "Buster" Douglas.
Her record is 25 wins, 8 by knockout, with 1 defeat, and 1 draw.
Johnny "Scotch Wop" Dundee was a featherweight and junior lightweight champion boxer who fought from 1910 until 1932.
Cara Castronuova is an American amateur boxer and certified trainer.
Jacob "Baby Jake" Matlala was a South African boxer and junior flyweight champion from Meadowlands, Johannesburg.
Dick Smith was a British light heavyweight and heavyweight boxer who was British light heavyweight champion between 1914 and 1916 and again in 1918.
Spencer won a 12 round decision over former title-holder Ernie Terrell in August 1967 and was then matched against Jerry Quarry in the semi-finals.
Lennox Blackmoore is the uncle of the boxer Shaun George.
Andrew Garcia Ruiz is an undefeated Mexican American professional boxer in the Lightweight division.
Fit Nation is a non-profit program located in Pensacola, Florida.
Javontae Starks is a professional junior middleweight boxer from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The Ring magazine previously ranked Broner as the fifth best boxer in the world, pound for pound, in December 2012.
Dan Flynn was an American boxer known for his punch and dirty tactics, earning him the nickname "Porky".
Rustico Torrecampo is a retired Filipino professional boxer notable for being the first fighter to defeat Manny Pacquiao.
She continued on running, and winning races, until the late 1990s.
Julian Williams is an American professional boxer.
This was followed, however, by a second round knockout by Richard Turba.
Stanyslav Kashtanov is an Ukrainian and Russian boxer.
The year would end on a further sour note for Cotto, as he suffered an upset defeat to WBA light middleweight champion Austin Trout.
He linked up with trainer and former world champion, James "Buddy" McGirt, hoping for a chance for a world title in 2009.
Shannon O'Connell is an Australian boxer who has won the Queensland State female featherweight title and World Boxing Federation female featherweight title.
CES MMA is a mixed martial arts promotional firm based out of Providence, Rhode Island founded by boxing promoter Jimmy Burchfield Sr.
He had 35 amateur fights at superheavyweight and in 1996 beat Lance Whitaker, but lost to Joe Mesi and Lovy Page.
Sam Sexton is a British professional boxer.
He is also now recognized as a fashion photographer.
Joan Guzmán is a Dominican former professional boxer who competed from 1997 to 2014.
Diosbelys Hurtado is a Cuban-Spanish boxer and former NBA, IBA and WBA Light Welterweight Champion.
Leo winning the Chicago Park District Open title after winning a Novice City Championship in the Chicago Golden Gloves.
Gonzalo Omar Basile is an Argentine truckdriver who befriended the syndicalist Hugo Moyano, who is sponsoring his boxing career in the Heavyweight division.
As an amateur he won a gold medal in the middleweight division at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Hughes had three British title fights, an International Boxing Council world title fight, and unsuccessfully challenged Jason Booth for the Commonwealth bantamweight title.
He has fought a number of famous fighters, including Nikolai Valuev, Joe Bugner, and Frans Botha.
He is a four-time world champion in three weight classes, having held the WBA featherweight title since January 2017, and previously from 2015 to 2016.
Both brothers are graduates of Hastings High School in Alief, Houston,Texas.
In March 2013 Persoon won the WBC Elimination Fight against Kremena Petkova, gaining her the right to challenge Erica Farias for the WBC title.
Yonnhy Pérez is a Colombian former professional boxer who competed from 2005 to 2011.
A sports centre is named after Dunn in his home town of Bradford in honour of his achievements.
Sebastián Andrés Lujan is an Argentine professional boxer and three-time world title challenger.
Ayşe Taş is a Turkish female boxer compeing in the Bantamweight division.
Aleksy Kuziemski is a Polish professional boxer and light heavyweight world title challenger.
Mandeep Jangra is an Indian amateur boxer.
After the Olympics he turned professional, and won a national super welterweight title in 1974–1976.
"Dangerous" Dorin Spivey is an American boxer from Portsmouth, Virginia.
On retirement, Hernandez had this to say: "My time...in this career...if I'm going to get knocked down back-to-back it's time to call it a career.
Fidel Alexander Monterrosa Muñoz is a professional Colombian boxer in the Light Welterweight division and is the former Colombian National Lightweight champion.
Following his retirement from the sport in 2011, he became an entrepreneur and founded a consulting business.
He is a former WBC and lineal super flyweight champion.
Francisco Javier Castillejo Rodríguez, commonly known as Javier Castillejo, is a Spanish former professional boxer who competed from 1988 to 2009.
Frank LoPorto is an Australian professional boxer and the current PABA Super Welterweight Champion.
super middleweight to 185 1⁄4 lb, i.e.
He held the WBA lightweight title in 2011 and challenged for the WBO welterweight title in 2015.
Travis Dickinson is an English boxer who fights in the light heavyweight division.
His older brother is former professional boxer Walter Matthysse.
His professional fighting weight varied from 125 lb, to 136 lb.
Bobby Quarry's biggest bout was in the early 1990s, when he faced Tommy Morrison in a Las Vegas match that was televised on ESPN.
He was knocked down by Cornelius Bundrage in the last of 5 rounds to lose by majority decision.
He held the IBF junior welterweight title from 1997 to 1999, notably scoring an upset victory against then-undefeated Kostya Tszyu to become champion.
Braimah Isaac Kamoko also known as Bukom Banku is a Ghanaian professional boxer with an undefeated record of 28-0-0.
Molitor announced his retirement in February 2013.
His family moved to Port Arthur, Texas at ten.
Wally Thom was managed by Johnny Campbell).
Then, he challenged Jacinto Fernandez on March 13, 1981, for the Argentine Middleweight title.
He is most notable for winning the British and Empire middleweight boxing championship in 1927 and 1928 and the light-heavyweight title from 1927 to 1929.
He is currently training at Sadam Ali's gym in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn.
Anthony "Tony" William Mundine OAM is an Australian former boxer, and one of the country's most accomplished indigenous fighters.
Over the next five years Koopmans defended this title ten times, until losing it to Richard Caramanolis in February 1984.
He is a former WBA and IBO featherweight champion, as well as a former IBO super bantamweight champion.
He subsequently faced Librado Andrade on May 28, 2010, in Quebec City.
On June 18, she made her Nevada debut, beating Susan Howard in Yerington by a four round decision.
During his eleven-year professional career Duran held the Lineal and WBA light middleweight titles.
Jim was the 2007 Inductee for the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame Pioneers catergory.
He is also the former NABF Featherweight, WBC Continental Americas Lightweight, and is the current WBC CABOFE Super Featherweight Champion.
He also squared off against the legendary Jack Johnson in a bout for the latter's World "Colored" Heavyweight Title.
Made his debut on Sept 25th 1986 against Manchesters' Tony Carter in Peterborough at the Wirrina Stadium in a planned 6 rounder.
Born in Chatteris, Cambridgeshire, he was known by the nicknames Boy Boon and the Fen Tiger.
His trainer is his father, Yoel Judah.
Between 2002 and 2007 he had 30 professional bouts, of which he won 26.
He was born in Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico.
Odlanier Solís Fonte is a Cuban professional boxer, and former top-rated contender who has challenged once for the WBC heavyweight title in 2011.
He was the youngest of 9 siblings.
Dave Sands,, was an Indigenous Australian boxer.
She lost by knockout in the first round, in a fight held at Atlanta, Georgia.
Johnny had a rematch with Hughie and the match was a draw in Australia.
On June 14, 1998, Tony Pep fought Floyd Mayweather and lost by unanimous decision.
Gary Buckland is a Welsh professional boxer fighting in the super featherweight and lightweight divisions.
Humbert J. Fugazy was a New York City boxing promoter around the 1930s.
Lewkowicz was also involved in helping create a trust for boxer Magomed Abdusalamov after the boxer collapsed following his fight with Mike Perez.
Steven "Steve" Luevano is a Mexican American former professional boxer who held the WBO featherweight title.
Gifted with a strong punch, he lost exceptionally few fights in his nine year career, and was knocked out only once.
Burke broke all the bones in both of his hands and considered retiring after the fight, but chose to continue competing.
Ray "Boom Boom" Mancini is a retired American boxer.
Jackie Chavez is an American former professional boxer in the Super Bantamweight division.
Torres trained with the legendary boxing trainer Cus D'Amato.
He was a former WBC and a two-time WBA Featherweight Champion.
Cornelius Eugene Lock is an American professional boxer and a former WBO–NABO featherweight champion.
Meade was known for his big-hitting style of fighting with very few of his bouts going the distance.
He is a former British, Commonwealth, European and WBO super featherweight champion.
Romeo Anaya was a Mexican boxer in the Super Bantamweight division.
Carolina Raquel Duer is an Argentine world champion boxer.
After 12 rounds of boxing the Pole defeated Joel Sebastian Mayo by unanimous decision of the judges.
Billy left boxing after 18 years in the ring without ever having taken a blow to the head.
Nicknamed "The Dream", Defiagbon fought for Canada and won the heavyweight silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Mihara began his boxing career when he was a third grader of the high school.
During his career, he was recognized as the World Welterweight Champion for a period of two years.
A former WBC Super Featherweight champion, he was the brother of two-time World Light Welterweight champion, Rene Arredondo.
Darren McFadden is an American football running back for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League.
A former policeman in elite groups, he was the first one to use the baton in France.
William Lyell is an American boxer in the Middleweight division.
He lost the fight to Jones after Jones had played a basketball game earlier that day.
On June 26, 2011, Freddie Pendleton was inducted into the Florida Boxing Hall of Fame.
Dave Shade was an American boxer active from 1918 to the 1935, amassing a total of nearly 250 bouts fought during the course of his career.
Gallagher trained WBC welter-weight champion Andre Berto when he was an amateur and now coaches a team of amateurs at Inferno Gym Naples, Florida.
Avetik Abrahamyan, best known as Arthur Abraham, is an Armenian-German professional boxer.
He also represented Haiti at the 2004 Olympics, reaching the opening round of the welterweight bracket.
Louis' championship reign lasted 140 consecutive months, during which he participated in 26 championship fights.
José María Gatica was an Argentine boxer, one of Argentina's most famous sports idols.
Dauthuille's biggest fight came on September 13, 1950 he fought Jake LaMotta, a boxer he once bested by unanimous decision, for the world middleweight championship.
Jason Moses Estrada is a boxer who represented the United States at the 2004 Olympic Games in the super heavyweight division.
Every day since, she's showed up at 3:30."
She lost in the Quarter Finals to Great Britain's Nicola Adams 7–16.
McJoe Arroyo Acevedo is a Puerto Rican professional boxer competing in the super flyweight division and former IBF Super Flyweight Champion.
At the time he was sentenced he would become eligible for parole in 2009 at the earliest.
He fought the great Henry Armstrong and won by a technical knock out at the Civic Auditorium.
Mzonke Fana is a professional boxer in the junior lightweight division.
Felix Manuel Valera Alvarez is a Dominican professional boxer and a former interim WBA light heavyweight champion.
"Lefty" Lew Tendler was an American boxer.
The fight with Williams was held in Canada.
He has won several regional titles at super-flyweight and has been ranked in the world top 10 by the WBA, WBC, IBF, and WBO.
In a career totalling 23 matches, he lost 9, drew 4 and won 9 with one knock out.
In 1989 Alexandrov briefly turned professional, but did not meet with great success and retired in 1992.
He won the title on November 14, 1917 by knocking out Al McCoy in the sixth round after dropping him six times.
Grant, who came in undefeated, was knocked out in two rounds.
This fight was chosen as women's boxing fight of the year for 1998.
Montague James Furlong, commonly known as Jim Hall, was an Australian middleweight boxer.
Michael Lomax (born 25 September 1978 in Chingford, London is a British Welterweight boxer.
Several days after the Valero fight, Mosquera was involved in an unclear altercation that resulted in the death of a person.
In 2008 he left the Bulldogs mid-season to play rugby union with French club Toulon.
Susie Q Ramadan is an Australian bantamweight boxer.
He then joined Peterborough United on a free transfer in October 2003.
In 1990 he lost to Nate Miller for the North American Boxing Federation cruiserweight title by a unanimous decision.
One month later, he had his first fight abroad, a ten-round draw with Carlos Escalante in Buenos Aires.
Her career record is of 13 wins, 6 losses and 1 draw, with two knockout wins.
Jess Myron Willard was a world heavyweight boxing champion known as the Pottawatomie Giant who knocked out Jack Johnson in April 1915 for the heavyweight title.
Lown died in Burnt Hills, New York on 22 September 1977, aged 73.
He's the former Philippines GAB and OPBF Super Bantamweight Champion.
At the time of the stoppage, one judge had the fight level, the other two had Hoko ahead.
However, Conception had a period of dramatic ups and downs after that fight.
Tan Teng Kee or Battling Key was a professional boxer from Singapore and former two time Malayan Lightweight Champion.
Paul has since compiled a professional record of 20 wins from 20 fights.
Hülya is an educated locksmith, working currently for the Cologne Transit Company in the maintenance of ticket machines in trams.
He holds the record for the "fastest punch" in the Guinness World Records.
He twice fought for the world welterweight boxing title, losing title bouts to José Nápoles in 1970 and 1973.
Shondell Alfred is a professional boxer from Guyana.
He is the former British light-welterweight champion.
Patrick Charpentier is a French boxer who had a boxing record of 27 wins, five losses, and one draw.
Erminio Spalla was an Italian professional heavyweight boxer, film actor and singer.
Sam Cross is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Newport RFC as a flanker.
As an amateur he won two silver medals at the Pan American Games and a gold medal at the Central American and Caribbean Games.
Harry Isaacs, better known as Harry Reeve, was British middleweight and light heavyweight boxer who was British light heavyweight champion in 1916.
Cooper held the British, Commonwealth and European heavyweight titles several times throughout his career, and unsuccessfully challenged Ali for the world heavyweight championship in 1966.
Although nicknamed "The Gypsy", he denied Romani ethnicity in his autobiography.
Bruno Sandoval Núñez is a Mexican professional boxer  Sandoval is promoted by current WBC Champion, Mexican Saúl Álvarez' company Canelo Promotions.
Kaylor was born in Canning Town but from the age of nine was brought up in Stanford-le-Hope, Essex.
Alongside flyweight Ashley Sexton, Kurti is trained by Paul Reese at the Monster Gym in Cheshunt and is managed by London Promoter Michael Helliet.
The International Boxing Research Organization and BoxRec rank Spinks among the ten greatest light heavyweights of all time.
Concerns arose about his drinking and failure to adhere to his diet and training regimes after a loss to László Bognár in 2001.
Domínguez rematched Gómez in 1999, and again came up short in a decision.
The fight was held in Trinidad and Tobago.
Mauricio Aceves was a Mexican boxer in the Light welterweight division.
He also fought Freddie Miller two times.
Michael Richard "Mike" Schutte was a South African professional boxer, actor, comedian and singer.
Lewkowicz has gained notable recognition for his role as chief adviser to multi-division world champion Sergio Martinez.
A rematch in 1932 with Sharkey saw the American gaining the title from Schmeling by a controversial fifteen-round split decision.
He was born in Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Shinji Takehara was a professional boxer in the Middleweight division.
He is a two-time light-heavyweight world champion, having held the WBA title since 2016, and previously the WBO title from 2011 to 2013.
A versatile brawler in the ring, Maidana was well known for his formidable punching power, and was never stopped in any of his five losses.
Yu Kimura is a Japanese professional boxer.
This would prove to be a critical point in Acuña's boxing career.
In 2005 he was named Fighter of the Year by The Ring magazine and the Boxing Writers Association of America.
His brother Joey LaMotta was his manager.
Edward "Eddie" Chambers is an American professional boxer who has challenged once for a unified world heavyweight title in 2010.
Sébastien Demers is a Canadian former professional boxer who competed from 2004 to 2013 and challenged for the IBF middleweight title in 2007.
Funk was born and died Bloomington, Illinois, and was a 1925 graduate of Yale University.
Andy Bowen was undefeated going 13-0-2 in his first 15 fights.
Marty Goldman was an American boxer of Jewish descent in the late 1920s and early 1930s.
Danny Morgan is a retired professional super middleweight boxer from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
In the light-flyweight division, he won three consecutive Olympic medals, as well as three World Amateur Boxing Championships gold medals in 2005, 2007 and 2011.
Samuel Okon Peter is a Nigerian-American professional boxer who held the WBC heavyweight title in 2008.
He is the current WBO bantamweight champion and he is the former IBF Junior Bantamweight Champion.
Michael Ayers is a British form boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1995 and 1997 and IBO world lightweight champion between 1999 and 2001.
Additionally he held the IBO middleweight title from 2007 to 2009.
Carl Wilhelm Adrian Granat, best known as Adrian Granat, is a Swedish professional boxer who fights at heavyweight.
Judge Harold Lederman scored the fight a draw.
He grew up in Easton, Pennsylvania, which gave birth to his boxing nickname of the "Easton Assassin".
He was a member of boxing's "Black Murderers' Row" and fought the best boxers of his time.
He is the brother of fellow boxer Dmitry Chudinov.
Julian Jackson is a former professional boxer from the U.S. Virgin Islands who competed from 1981 to 1998.
He had only one loss further in his career, also by injury, and won 70 bouts, 38 of them by knockout.
Núñez travelled to Bermuda for her first fight of 2004, defeating Teresa Perozzi there by a six round majority decision on June 12.
Jem Mace was the 2014 Inductee for the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame International category.
In 2015, she was inducted into the International Women's Boxing Hall of Fame.
He won twelve bouts in a row, including one over James Kinchen, before he challenged for a world title again.
The following year he won the WKA middleweight championship.
Dennis Haugh was an Irish light heavyweight boxer who was British champion between 1913 and 1914.
His professional fighting weight varied from 70 kg, i.e.
In four season, he scored 73 points in 31 matches, but suffered several injuries.
James Emerson Delaney, known professionally as Jimmy Doyle, was an American welterweight boxer.
Ike Williams was a lightweight world boxing champion.
Ballas lost the title on his next fight against Rafael Pedroza in Panama.
Bogdan Marius Dinu is an undefeated Romanian professional boxer in the heavyweight division.
He is promoted by King's Promotions who's the leading promoter for Premier Boxing Champions.
Baysmore won the USBA super featherweight title in 1984 TKOing Freddy Chumpitaz in the sixth round.
Many of the places he fought at, like France, the United States and Italy, were visited very often by Robinson Garcia.
Álvaro López is a former Mexican boxer and current member of the Boxing Hall of Fame.
On September 28 of that year, she met Lucia Rijker, who was being actively promoted as a possible challenger of Christy Martin.
Derya Aktop Akı is a Turkish female boxer.
He became an overnight sensation by racking up an impressive string of 16 straight knockout victories.
Daniel Antonio Reyes Torres is a professional boxer from Colombia.
Additionally, he held the WBC interim featherweight title from 2005 to 2006.
heavyweight, he died in Good Hope Hospital, Sutton Coldfield.
This defeat was followed by thirteen wins in a row, including points wins over future world champions Joey Olivo and Rafael Pedroza.
Joyce would go on to face Tippy Larkin in three fights, losing all three by decision.
Bristol defeated Guy Kennedy[1] of the Madison Square Boys & Girls Club[2] in the finals to win the Championship.
After that as the professional, Mihara fought 25 times between 1978 and 1985; winning 24 and losing 1.
Norris turned pro in 1986 as a heavyweight and became a highly ranked and much avoided contender.
David was a Mexican professional boxer in the Middleweight division and was the former IBA Middleweight Champion.
He is popular for his fight style and unique personality, and has appeared in several television variety shows.
Otis Griffin is a professional boxer and ranked light heavyweight contender.
Marcel Zeller was a professional boxer from Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Though he lost the 12 round bout, Palitz was an exceptional boxer in his own right.
David Nganga Kamau is a Kenyan professional boxer in the Light Middleweight division and has only had four losses.
He was born in Las Heras, Mendoza.
Adonis spends the first several years of his life in foster care and juvenile hall, until he is subsequently adopted by Mary Anne Creed, Apollo's widow.
"The Japanese lefty gained a zillion fans with his rumble last year against Figueroa," TheSweetScience.com's Michael Woods said in 2014.
Cotto started out his career as a hard-hitting pressure fighter, but evolved over the years into a more refined boxer-puncher.
Thornton was a native of Spiddal, Connemara, County Galway.
He also won flyweight gold at the 1990 Commonwealth Games, representing Northern Ireland.
John Francis Duddy is an Irish actor and former professional boxer who fought from 2003 to 2010.
The tattooed concreter won Bronze at the World Junior Championships in 2006 when he lost to Vyacheslav Shipunov.
Bean again went on another synthetic winning streak, pounding out 11 consecutive wins over virtual unknowns.
His record stands at two wins, and 21 losses and one draw in 24 bouts.
Terry Allen was an English flyweight boxer.
Jerry Quarry, nicknamed "Irish" or "The Bellflower Bomber", was an American heavyweight boxer.
He won the OPBF light welterweight title in 1973.
He is the first Kashmiri descent minor world champion boxer.
He was only 16 then and for 10 years, he was Ali’s personal security man.
Ocasio's photos were commonly seen on Puerto Rican newspapers during the early 1990s, when she was at the top of her career as a runner.
Alberto Jiménez was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division.
David helps many schools and charities with a strong message for anti bullying, domestic violence and victims of violent crimes.
Callum Smith is a British professional boxer who held the European and British super-middleweight titles between 2015 and 2017.
As an amateur Nongqayi represented South Africa at the 1998 Commonwealth Games.
Calvin Vance Brock is an American former professional boxer who competed from 2001 to 2007.
Roy Harris is a retired American heavyweight boxer, whose nickname derived from his place of birth, Cut and Shoot, Texas.
He was known for having been lineal world flyweight champion.
He won by decision in Washington, D.C..
He fought Henry Armstrong four times in 1943 and 1944.
Patrick Mendy is a Gambian-British professional boxer who lives in Maidenhead.
Although Hatanaka desired a rematch with Zaragoza, he suffered from ophthalmoplegia caused by this fight, and retired as a boxer after four months.
Evans admitted unlawfully wounding Michael Wilson at a Gloucestershire pub, breaking his jaw.
He had been the first Australian to fight for a world heavyweight title.
Francisco Bojado is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division and represented Mexico at the 2000 Olympic Games.
Paddy Ryan was born in Thurles, Tipperary, Ireland on March 14, 1851.
He became a professional at age 22, after a stellar amateur career.
De Jesús, a native of the town of Carolina, Puerto Rico, was a gymmate of Wilfred Benítez and an acquaintance of Benitez's mother, Clara Benítez.
Vitali Tajbert is a German former professional boxer who competed from 2005 to 2013.
His death was attributed to pugilistic dementia, which had also caused his brother Jerry's death.
Figueroa was ranked fourth in the world and commands three minor regional titles.
As of May 2017, he is ranked as the world's best lightweight by The Ring and BoxRec, and second by the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board.
Koki is the oldest of the three Eto brothers.
He also suffered losses to Frank Bruno and Jesse Ferguson.
As an amateur, Härtel represented Germany at the 2012 Olympics, reaching the quarter-finals of the middleweight bracket.
He is most notable for winning both the British and the British Empire featherweight boxing titles in 1915.
Jerry Rosenberg is a retired American professional boxer in the Lightweight division and current world class trainer.
He was the son of former world champion Alejandro Martín González.
An Army veteran of World War II, he died at the age of 80 in Jamestown, New York.
Chang had a record of 38 wins and 4 losses, with 17 wins by knockout.
Julie Kogon was an American boxer from New Haven, Connecticut.
Bredahl fought at the bantamweight division but did also compete at divisions either side.
Christopher Jenkins is a Welsh powerlifter and martial artist.
Thomas "Tom" Joseph Kirby was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Frazier-Lyde had athletic experience, having played basketball at American University in Washington, D.C.
Kevin Johnson is an American professional boxer who has challenged once for the WBC heavyweight title in 2009.
He also participated in The Ring magazine's Fight of the Year a total of four times.
Although born in America, Richmond lived for the majority of his life in England, where all his boxing contests took place.
He held the Commonwealth light-welterweight title twice, and challenged for the European light-welterweight and British welterweight titles.
She holds the WIBA Iberian-American Bantamweight title.
She know teaches children boxing at Kimling's Academy of Martial Arts in Oakland Park, Florida.
Like Fleischer, both Statistical boxing website BoxRec and the International Boxing Research Organization also rank Lynch as the 5th greatest flyweight ever.
He really got tagged a couple of times.
He was inducted into the World Boxing Hall of Fame and elected as its President in 1993.
He has lost to famous boxers such as the current WBC Lightweight Champion Omar Figueroa and WBO Lightweight contender Kevin Mitchell.
Currently, he is scheduled to box in The Contender Challenge: UK vs. USA, facing Cornelius Bundrage.
In 2002, Galíndez was inducted into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame.
Leonard Bundu is an Italian professional boxer.
Sulecki is the current Polish middleweight champion and ranked #10 in the middleweight division by the WBO.
During World War II, Schmeling served with the German Air Force as an elite paratrooper.
In May 1941, he fought reigning NBA lightweight champion Sammy Angott in a non-title fight, losing by a close split decision.
He had one of the longest professional careers in the history of the sport.
He fights in the super middleweight division, having boxed at middleweight previously.
Bruce Samuel Seldon is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1988 to 1996, and 2004 to 2009.
Taureano Dexter Johnson is a Bahamian professional boxer and the current WBC Silver middleweight champion.
Frederick "Fred" Webster was a British boxer who was a three time British amateur champion and competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Briscoe was a top-rated Middleweight contender during the 1970s, unsuccessfully challenging for the World Title on three different occasions.
From 2012 to 2013 he coached professional boxers Alexander Povetkin, Denis Lebedev and Khabib Allakhverdiev.
Sam Storey is a former professional boxer.
Minnesota law allowed an official decision only in event of knockouts and disqualifications, and Johnny Ertel was there awarded the World Bantamweight Boxing title.
He was known for his enormous strength and stamina.
In Guy Ritchie's bare-knuckle movie Snatch Welch played Horace 'Good Night' Anderson.
At the time it was reported that he had approximately $23 million of debt.
Michael Carbajal is an American five-time world boxing champion of Mexican descent.
Miguel Angel Garcia Cortez, best known as Mikey Garcia, is an American professional boxer.
Dick Richardson was a heavyweight boxer from the Maesglas area of Newport, Monmouthshire, Wales.
Rogers Mtagwa is a Tanzanian former professional boxer who competed from 1997 to 2014.
On 2 October 2010 Poonsawat lost to Ryol Li Lee in a stunning upset.
Pat Mallane, alias Irish, was a lightweight professional boxer from Connecticut.
Grove retired in 1998 after losing via 1st-round KO to Kostya Tszyu.
He won the British Middleweight title on three separate occasions, and was a two-time European Middleweight champion.
He fought more than 250 amateur fights and his professional record as a lightweight was 28 wins, 9 losses and 3 draws, with 8 knockouts.
Soltan Migitinov is an Azerbaijani boxer who competes as a middleweight.
Ahmad "Babyface" Kaddour is a professional boxer.
She is the younger sister of chess grandmaster Maurice Ashley and former world kickboxing champion Devon Ashley.
Ziggy Rozalski is a Polish American boxing manager and promoter.
During his prime, Jones was known for possessing exceptional hand speed, athleticism, movement and reflexes.
He was born in Texas and fought mainly on the west coast of the United States.
Ratanachai Sor Vorapin is a professional boxer and a former WBO bantamweight champion.
Geoff McCreesh is a British former boxer who won the British welterweight title in 1997 and went on to fight for European and World titles.
Magomedov is the current leader in the Russian Middleweight division.
Jenkins took the World Lightweight Championship on May 10, 1940 in a third round TKO against Lou Ambers at New York's Madison Square Garden.
Sammy Gutiérrez, is a Mexican professional boxer in the Strawweight division.
Luisito Pio Espinosa is a retired boxer from the Philippines who won World titles in two different weight divisions.
He died in a motorcycle incident, aged 25.
He also lost an IBF title fight by decision to Sharmba Mitchell.
In 2005, Levan Kirakosyan was the World Boxing Foundation World Champion.
Lavemai Kitione Takitau, who fought under the name Kitione Lave, was a Tongan heavyweight boxer.
Tommy Noble was a British boxer who was British bantamweight champion between 1918 and 1919, and European champion in 1919.
Montell Julian Griffin is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2011 and held the WBC light heavyweight title in 1997.
He won the title on June 17, 2005, against the Italian fighter Stefano Zoff, winning after the referee stopped the fight in the seventh round.
José Julio Mendoza López is a professional Mexican boxer.
Mirković died on 28 September 2016 after a lengthy illness.
In 1962, he unsuccessfully fought Laszlo Papp for the EBU European middleweight title.
He was no match for Camacho, who defeated him in 5 rounds.
It was his last defense of the title, which went into abeyance as African American Tiger Flowers won the world middleweight crown the following year.
He is a former USBA champion and currently resides in Chicago, Illinois.
Junior Witter is a British professional boxer.
Six months later he faced unbeaten knockout artist Edwin Valero he was down three times and the fight was stopped 49 seconds into the 2nd round.
He was elevated to WBA champion in the same year, and in 2011 would win the vacant IBO middleweight title by defeating Lajuan Simon.
Better known as Chucho Castillo, he was the Lineal, WBA and WBC Bantamweight world champion in 1970.
Sonsona began his professional career on December 30, 2005, with a unanimous decision win over Brian Vicera.
Yuriorkis Gamboa Toledano is a Cuban professional boxer.
as a middleweight and light-heavyweight during his career.
After his retirement in 1965, he became a boxing professor in his own gym, and is remembered as a former glory in Peru.
Chang Jung-Koo is a South Korean former light flyweight boxing champion.
In this elimination bout to name a champion, Fox was stopped in the 9th round.
Gary Cooper is a British former boxer who was British light middleweight champion in 1988.
Craig Brinson is a former professional heavyweight boxer.
This was Kratingdaenggym's first loss since July 2006 against Volodymyr Sydorenko.
Her next fight was also held there, as she beat Diana Garcia by a four round decision on December 19 of the same year.
The idea was that when the champion had dealt with all comers, he would announce that he had been challenged by a woman.
Leu retired after one title defense, against Michael Carruth, becoming the second European boxer to retire as an undefeated world champion, after Terry Marsh.
Zaveck is the only Slovenian boxer to have held a world title, and was named Slovenian Sportsperson of the Year in 2010.
Marco Antonio López Balderas is a Mexican professional boxer.
Latzo fought many great fighters in his career, including future heavyweight champion Jim Braddock, Light heavyweight king Tommy Loughran, and middleweight champion Tiger Flowers.
His most famous bouts were against world champions Floyd Patterson, Jimmy Ellis, Joe Frazier, Muhammad Ali and Ken Norton.
Currently he is the president of Yonekura Boxing Gym.
Leatitia "Baby Girl" Robinson is the former WIBA Middleweight Champion of the World in women's boxing.
He is a former European and European Union super-lightweight champion, and has challenged once for the WBA super-lightweight title.
Bertram Cooper, nicknamed Smokin' Bert Cooper, is a heavyweight boxer, most famous for his punching power and several wild brawls in the 1990s.
Jermall Charlo is an American professional boxer who held the IBF light middleweight title from 2015 to 2017.
His ring nickname is "Touch of Sleep".
Kogon was inducted into The Connecticut Boxing Hall of Fame on November 21, 2009.
Since then he's picked up another 12 victories, including a victory over tough Georgian George Gachechiladze for the vacant International Masters featherweight title in late 2010.
Colin Powers is a British former boxer who was British light welterweight champion between 1977 and 1979 and European champion in 1978.
Statistical boxing website BoxRec rates Berger as the 14th best Canadian boxer ever across all weight divisions.
He currently boasts a 90% knockout ratio.
In 2011 he was shot at three times by would-be carjackers in San Juan, but was uninjured.
In September 2008, Martin defeated then-unbeaten prospect John Fewkes at the Harvey Hadden Leisure Center in Nottingham to become the English lightweight champion.
Michael Watson, MBE is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1984 to 1991.
Miguel Ángel Huerta Medina is a Mexican professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
Delia 'Chikita' Gonzalez is an American former flyweight female boxer.
On July 11, 2008, Santos won his third professional championship, knocking out Joachim Alcine in six rounds to win the World Boxing Association's light middleweight title.
He held the WBC three times, IBF and Lineal Jr. Flyweight titles.
Roldán dropped Fletcher twice on his way to a sixth-round knockout victory.
The two fighters were now experienced and well known, and the rematch was eagerly awaited for by Guyanan boxing fans.
Phon Martdee is a Thai-born Australian Muay Thai instructor, promoter and a former Muay Thai boxer.
As an amateur, Cotto represented Puerto Rico in the flyweight division, winning a bronze medal at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, Argentina.
Georges Carpentier was a French boxer, actor and World War I pilot.
Sangsurat has assumed various ring names, including Medgoen Kratingdaenggym and Medgoen Lukjaopormahesak, albeit his real name or birth name has been confirmed as "Boonsai Sangsurat".
Jeremiah "Joe" Jeannette is considered one of the best heavyweight boxers of the early 20th century.
As an amateur, Klitschko represented Ukraine at the 1996 Olympics, winning a gold medal in the super-heavyweight division.
He is a former pupil of Wright Robinson Sports College in Gorton, Manchester.
In 1991, she participated as a Track and Field runner at the Havana, Cuba Pan American Games.
Arthur Mercante Sr. was an international boxing referee.
Bradley Saunders is a British professional boxer.
Freddy Hernández Gómez is a Mexican boxer in the Light Middleweight division.
One month later, he beat Juan Lielmil, also by knockout in round one, to regain the Chilean flyweight title.
Abmerk Shindjuu is a Namibian professional boxer from Windhoek.
light heavyweight to 199 1⁄4 lb, i.e.
He is the current International Master champion.
On July 11, 2008, Ragosina won a controversial decision against Conjestina Achieng, winning a close but unanimous decision.
Evangelista has resided in Spain for a very large portion of his life.
She debuted in the Gimnasio Nacional, San Jose, Costa Rica, on November 17, 2007, fighting Nicaraguan Aoska Xochilet Herrera and defeating her by KO.
Overlin was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame as part of the 2015 class.
She was on The Celebrity Apprentice Australia and is a former Miss Teen International 2004.
Cornelius soon sought revenge for his humiliation and forced Trollmann to work all day until he was exhausted, before attacking and killing him with a shovel.
He was the cousin of Philadelphia Jack O'Brien, light heavyweight boxing champion of the world.
He won a bronze medal ai the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and also competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Charles Hadley, "The Professor", was an African American boxer who was the third World Colored Heavyweight Champion, reigning from January 14, 1881 to February 23, 1883.
Known as the 'Creole Clouter' and Joe 'Old Bones' Brown, he was managed by Lou Viscusi and named The Ring's 'Fighter of the Year' for 1961.
After a victory over Tony Canzoneri he held the World Featherweight title from 1928 to 1929.
He ultimately lost by knockout when he was counted out with 13 seconds left in the fight.
BoxingScene also ranked him the greatest cruiserweight of all time.
His pro career has been marked with him as a professional "opponent," taking fights on short notice.
Wilde had the longest recorded unbeaten streak in boxing history having gone 104-0.
Sanchez was the WBC and lineal featherweight champion from 1980 to 1982.
Colin Jones was a Welsh boxer, who became British, Commonwealth and European welterweight champion.
He's also the brother of boxing trainer Gabriel Sarmiento.
On February 6, 1925, he lost to Sammy Mandell in an elimination bout for the World Lightweight Championship.
Sonya Lamonakis is a Greek American boxer and New York City schoolteacher.
Michele di Rocco is an Italian professional boxer.
Scott started his professional boxing career in 1919.
He started visiting his local boxing gym, and had a stellar amateur career.
Louis Del Valle is an American boxer and the former WBA light heavyweight title holder.
David De La Mora Zambrano is a Mexican professional boxer in the Bantamweight division and is the former WBC FECARBOX Bantamweight Champion.
Bill Ladbury was an English boxer who was British, European, and World flyweight champion.
Jones', he achieved his highest ranking in May 2012, when he was placed as the #4 rated welterweight in the world by the IBF.
Michael Spinks is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1977 to 1988.
He is a cousin of former two-weight world champion Humberto Soto.
In 1976 he fought and was defeated by D. K. Poison of Ghana.
Artie Levine was an American boxer in the middleweight and light heavyweight divisions in the 1940s.
Julio César Miranda, is a Mexican professional boxer and the former WBO World Flyweight champion.
He is currently trained by legendary trainer Kenny Adams.
Vargas also fought against world champions such as Floyd Mayweather Jr., Juan Molina and Carlos Hernández.
Wallace "Bud" Smith was a world lightweight boxing champion in 1955, who also competed in the 1948 Olympic Games.
In 1993 and 1994 he defeated future world champions Clarence "Bones" Adams and Hector Acero Sanchez.
In his first comeback fight, Villablanca faced Orlando Romero, losing a ten round decision on January 14, 1984 in Trujillo, Peru.
He is the former WBO Flyweight Champion, making six title defences.
Scott Cardle is a British boxer who won the British lightweight title in May 2015.
Clark turned professional boxer without ever having an amateur fight.
Lawrence Tauasa is a Samoan Australian professional boxer who competes in the cruiserweight division.
Rodak won by decision in Baltimore, Maryland.
This was Arnold's only Eastern coast fight.
For the duration of his career he fought middleweights, challenged for the world light heavyweight title and even fought heavyweights.
Nigel Wright is a professional boxer, fighting out of Crook, County Durham.
Soon after winning the championship in 1791, and with no challengers coming forward, Brain retired from boxing and the title of English Champion became vacant.
Guglielmo Papaleo was an American professional boxer, better known as Willie Pep who held the World Featherweight championship twice between the years of 1947 and 1950.
He is the half-brother and former trainer of former WBU World Champion Micky Ward.
Lawrence Gene Fullmer was an American middleweight boxer and world champion.
Brought up on a farm, he was noted to have developed a size and endurance that lasted him well in his career as a boxer.
Najai "Nitro" Turpin was a professional boxer born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
Up until his fight with Wilfred Benítez in 1982, he was trained by legendary boxing trainer Ray Arcel.
Aristides Pérez Torres is a professional Colombian boxer in the Lightweight division and is the former Colombian National Featherweight champion.
Kōki Kameda is a Japanese former professional boxer who competed from 2003 to 2015.
Harold Ray Warren is a professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
Valdemir dos Santos Pereira is a Brazilian former professional boxer who competed from 2001 to 2006 and held the IBF featherweight title in 2006.
He was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2014.
His career stalled following high profile defeats to Siarhei Liakhovich, Kali Meehan and, in Quinn's final bout in May 2011, Seth Mitchell.
After that he turned professional and won his first 19 bouts.
The fourth fight, in Baltimore, Maryland, was for the Maryland State Version of the World Featherweight Title.
The second time around, Burnside and Ortiz fought to a six round draw.
Larry Estridge was a middleweight boxer and the last holder of the World Colored Middleweight Championship.
Charley Burley stopped Hogue in 1942, and after that, Hogue's career hit the doldrums.
Only this time was for the vacant USBA lightweight title.
Ismaikel "Mike" Perez is a Cuban professional boxer competing as a cruiserweight.
Then the arrangement could have been a little better", says Roberto for the first boxing gala in Sweden in 37 years.
Therefore, did count in his win/loss record.
Concepcion lost the bout via unanimous decision.
Juan Lazcano is a Mexican American professional boxer currently based in Sacramento, California.
Terry Wayne Norris is an American former boxer and a three-time world champion in the light-middleweight division.
His nickname, Popó, was given to him by his mother, after the sound that babies make while drinking milk.
Wilson fought David Kui Kong Young two straight times.
Sam Steward was a British boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1928 and 1929.
He also represented his country at the 1990 Commonwealth Games.
In addition to coaching, he is also an associate professor in the physical education department at the Air Force Academy.
Bridgett Riley is a female boxer and motion picture stuntwoman from Oakville, Missouri.
Rodolfo González was a Mexican boxer and former WBC Lightweight Champion also known as El Gato.
After he retired, Castellani operated "Rocky's," a bar in Atlantic City.
Adnan Ćatić, best known as Felix Sturm, is a German professional boxer.
Hugely popular in Ireland, she is credited with raising the profile of women's boxing at home and abroad.
Willie Joyce was an American boxer from Chicago.
Randie Carver was an American Super middleweight boxer from Kansas City, Missouri.
During his professional career he held the IBF world title in the Flyweight category.'
His professional career spanned from 1946 until 1953, with a record of 76 wins, 7 losses, 0 draws, and 48 knockouts.
Cristian Favela is a Mexican professional boxer in the Welterweight division and is the former WBC Continental Americas Featherweight Champion.
He was born in Kemaliye town of Erzincan Province in 1926.
The first fight Wilson won by decision in Motor Square Garden.
Alan Rudkin MBE was a British, Commonwealth, and European bantamweight boxing champion.
He held the Montreal version of the World Jr. Welterweight Title in 1939.
Ivan Kirpa is a Russian welterweight boxer from Saint Petersburg, Russia.
In 1990 he won a rematch with Harding via 7th-round KO, recapturing the title.
The main tourist attraction is the Abbey of Saint Gall, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
As an amateur Griffin was the 1997 and 1999 Pennsylvania State Golden Gloves champion.
She defended her title against Monique Strohman and Debra Strohman.
As of July 2017, Saunders is ranked as the world's fifth best middleweight by The Ring magazine, BoxRec, and the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board.
Larry Paul is a British former boxer who was the first to hold the British light middleweight title, holding it between September 1973 and November 1974.
Ian McLeod is a former professional boxer who fought in the super featherweight division.
His trainers were the legendary Ray Arcel, and Whitey Bimstein, and his manager was Harry Segal.
Due to exhaustion, his opponent refuse to rise back and continue.
Fidel Maldonado is a Mexican-American professional boxer and the current WBC Youth World Lightweight Champion.
He won the New England lightweight title in 1947.
Fred Evans is a Welsh professional boxer who represented Great Britain, fighting in the 69 kg welterweight category.
On December 5, 1986, Haugen captured the International Boxing Federation Lightweight Title with a majority decision over reigning champion Jimmy Paul.
Louis "The Facelifter" Monaco is a professional boxer in the heavyweight division and the former CAM heavyweight champion.
He later went pro and lived in North Little Rock, Arkansas.
He is also one of the youngest ever British professional world champions, winning the WBA title at the age of 22.
On June 29, 1926, Harmon challenged champion Pete Latzo for the world welterweight title.
He also competed in the bantamweight and welterweight divisions.
He had held the IBF super featherweight title from June 2015 to January 2017.
During his professional career, he had almost mastered the in-fighting to be spotlighted.
He is an inductee of the New Jersey Boxing Hall of Fame.
Johnny would fight Young Joseph for the BBBofC British welterweight title in London, United Kingdom.
He represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.
He learned the sport from his father, practicing it since the age of four.
Rodolfo Casanova, also known as Baby Casanova or Chango Casanova, was a Mexican boxer in the Featherweight division.
Although Balbi currently competes in the light welterweight division, he is most notable for having won the WBA world lightweight title.
In February 2012, he won the New World Boxing Union Championship by defeating his Belarusian rival in Hamburg.
Vélez has added the WIBA bantamweight title to her IBA belt on June 28, 2003, when she beat Gonzalez on a seventh-round disqualification.
Paul Hodkinson aka Hoko is a former professional boxer.
He is trained by his father Eduardo and his brother, former world champion Robert Garcia.
Andrew Golota is a Polish former professional boxer who competed from 1992 to 2013.
On December 18, 1998, she fought boxing star Christy Martin and won the match, handing Martin her first defeat since November 1989.
Giovani Segura Aguilar is a Mexican professional boxer.
She lost 9-12 in the Round of 16 to Russia's Elena Savelyeva in the first ever women's boxing bout at the Olympics.
Thomas 'Sailor Tom' Sharkey was a boxer who fought two fights with heavyweight champion James J. Jeffries.
Riley then beat Linda Edwards and Karen Richardson, both by first round knockouts, before facing Para Draine, on November 14, 2002, in Portland, Oregon.
Spencer's athletic career started early competing in multiple sports as a child including; Basketball, Volleyball, Soccer, and Track and field.
Roberto David Arrieta is an Argentine professional boxer in the Welterweight division and is the former WBC Mundo Hispano Super Featherweight Champion.
It wasn't until the next day I realized she was a girl."
Marco Antonio Reyes Nevarez is a Mexican professional boxer and the current WBC FECOMBOX Middleweight Champion.
Due to legal issues regarding Women's Boxing in Ireland at the time, Gogarty could not engage in competition there.
He is also studying architecture at Northern Michigan University.
Wallace's contract was "owned" under the table by the notorious Frank "Blinky" Palermo, a member of the Philadelphia crime family.
After retiring from boxing, he has gained popularity as an actor and comedian.
Dillon was often referred to as "Jack the Giant Killer" for his ability to handle the most dangerous heavyweights of his era.
He is trained by Henry Harris, former title contender Roy Harris and Félix Ramírez.
He fought against the best opposition the talent-rich 1910s and 20s could provide him, frequently squaring off against light heavyweights and even heavyweights.
Boyd "Rainmaker" Melson is an American light middleweight boxer.
Thornton was the Irish Heavyweight Boxing champion in 1943.
Willie Casey is an Irish professional boxer who lives in Limerick, Ireland.
His father had been an amateur boxer and made all of his sons box.
In his one shot at a major title, the IBF light welterweight world championship, challenging Judah, he lost by knockout in the 4th of 12 rounds.
His urine test was confirmed to have tested positive for the steroid Clenbuterol.
He never lost a fight by knockout.
The third fight he beat Armstrong at Chicago Stadium.
Domínguez was able to capture the interim WBC belt the following year though with a TKO win over Akim Tafer.
At the age of seven, she visited a boxing gym for the first time.
He also boxed light heavyweight champion John Henry Lewis, but was stopped in the 12th round on May 19, 1938.
Héctor Lizárraga was a Mexican boxer in the Featherweight division.
His nickname, Bobo, was based on his younger sister's mispronunciation of "brother".
Marion, despite having faced some of the heavyweight elite of his generation, he is perhaps best known for never being knocked out or stopped.
Carlos Angelo Santana is a Cuban professional boxer, fighting out of Miami, Florida, promoted by Don King.
Nadjib Mohammedi is a French professional boxer and light heavyweight world title challenger.
He uses his nickname as his name when boxing and has also won the Midland Area and English light-welterweight titles in his career.
She became the first African woman to hold an international title when she beat Ugandan Fiona Tugume to take the vacant WIBF Middleweight title.
He was the World Lightweight champion from 1886 to 1893.
Vanes Norikovich Martirosyan is an Armenian-American professional boxer.
Phil Terranova was an American boxer who took the NBA World Featherweight Boxing Championship in 1943 in a bout against Jackie Callura.
Marvin Dale Cordova is a professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division.
Several species live around human habitation and are effectively omnivores.
Fontaine's boxing style was described as aggressive and crowd-pleasing, but with a poor regard for defence.
Shindjuu began his first fighting experience with professionals opposed to Petanena Elago.
Gigante quickly rose to power during the 1960s and 1970s.
He also won the gold medal in the light-welterweight category at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games, defeating Anthony Martey of Ghana in the final.
Savón is also famous for rejecting numerous multimillion-dollar offers to leave Cuba and fight Mike Tyson as a professional.
As an amateur he won the 1990 Amateur Boxing Association of England flyweight title, against Paul Ingle, boxing out of St Marys ABC [1].
Oleg Alexandrovich Maskaev is a Russian-American former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2013, and held the WBC heavyweight title from 2006 to 2008.
In 1994, he landed a shot at WBC Middleweight Title holder Julian Jackson.
In the early 1950s, he participated at the Korean War as a member of the Turkish Brigade.
He died from a brain injury sustained during his defeat on April 30, 2009 to Al Seeger.
He defended the titles six times before losing them to Wilfredo Vazquez in 1996 via TKO in a fight which he was leading on all cards.
Egidijus Kavaliauskas is an undefeated Lithuanian professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division.
Raised in Harlem as well as suburban Baltimore, he attended private and charter schools until attending Penn State for his B.A.
He was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1985, and the Ontario Sports Hall of Fame in 1996.
Ignacio "Nacho" Beristáin is a Mexican trainer in the sport of boxing.
Ranked third best super featherweight New Zealand all-time greats.
Louis Kaplan, better known as Kid Kaplan, was a professional boxer in the Featherweight division.
Alfredo Chávez is a Mexican professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
He was one of the most popular boxers from Mexico.
The pair met for a third time on March 21, 1980, in Los Angeles, Chacon earning a very controversial 10-round decision.
He trains at McGrorys Boxing club in Hamilton.
He also vied for the world middleweight championship.
Her official birthdate is January 26, 1988, as registered with the international boxing association, but she told Reuters that her actual birthdate is April 26, 1986.
Their rubber match, however, was suspended and there are no future plans to carry that fight out.
John Michael Johnson is a retired American bantamweight boxer He briefly held a championship in that division.
Although Muguruma was given a two-minute rest, he could not recover from the damage until he was stopped in the eleventh round.
The fight won various Fight of the Year awards for 1982.
He is a knockout specialist, having won 26 of his 30 fights inside the distance.
Fighting out of Los Angeles, he won the Heavyweight Championship of California and the Heavyweight Championship of the Pacific Coast.
His brothers are Welterweight prospects Ricardo Álvarez, Former WBC, The Ring Middleweight Champion Saúl Álvarez and the former WBA World Light Middleweight Champion Rigoberto Álvarez.
He also won consecutive gold medals at the 1989 and 1991 European Championships.
Kenny Bayless is an American boxing referee from Nevada.
His professional record is 8 wins and 3 losses.
Villablanca suffered his first knockout loss, being beaten by Vargas in the seventh round.
She is the longest reigning WBA female super middleweight champion and WBC female super middleweight champion.
Abie Bain was a rated Jewish Middleweight boxer from Newark, New Jersey.
He was a contestant on reality TV show The Contender.
He tried to emulate his older brother Jerry Quarry, a renowned heavyweight fighter.
At the 2000 Olympics, Taylor won a bronze medal in the light middleweight division.
Lucas is now the president of InterBox, a boxing promotion company which also employs his former trainer Stéphan Larouche.
Simone Maludrottu is a professional boxer from Olbia, Sardinia, Italy.
During his career he defeated Abe Willis, champion Ike Weir, Horace Leeds, and Joe Harmon.
He defended the belt five times before losing it to Rafael Orono in 1982.
Johnson lost his first IBF title defense.
Charley White who was born Charles Anchowitz on 25 March 1891 in Liverpool, England was considered one of the best boxers of his era.
Barney's manager, London promoter Michael Helliet, said, "I'm sure he can still win major titles and this fight is a step towards that."
Hatakeyama turned pro in 1993 and captured the WBA Super Featherweight Title in 1998 with a majority decision win over Yong Soo Choi.
Manuel Magdaleno Vargas is a Mexican professional boxer in the Flyweight division.
One of the most popular fighters of the 1920s, the handsome French Canadian was born Ovila Chapdelaine in Saint-François-du-Lac, Quebec, Canada.
Subsequently, in September 1968, Mildenberger's career ended when he lost the European Heavyweight title to Henry Cooper by eight round disqualification.
Teron is the former New York State and a former NABO Lightweight champion.
Limón knocked out Venezuela's Idelphonso Bethelmy in the 15th at Los Angeles to become the WBC world junior lightweight champion.
The Associated Press voted him as the best lightweight of the 20th century, with many considering him the greatest lightweight of all time.
He made it to the quarterfinals in the welterweight 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships, and won a bronze medal at the 2005 US Amateur Boxing Championships.
His brother Breidis Prescott is also a professional boxer.
Over his twelve-year career, Saddler scored 103 knockouts and was stopped only once himself, in his second professional fight, by Jock Leslie.
Joe Bygraves was a British heavyweight boxer.
Ramos was nicknamed "The Bronx Bomber" after Joe Louis, whose nickname was "The Brown Bomber".
Foster competed from 1966 to 1976, and won 30 of 36 professional bouts.
By going out on top, the worst I'll be is a former 3-time World Champion.
The Danish press strongly criticized this decision, saying on record that Vélez was robbed of her title.
He is the current WBA Light Flyweight champion.
He won the regional NABF featherweight title in 2009, together with the WBO–NABO featherweight title in 2010.
His father Jacob had also been a prizefighter.
Robert Allen is an American professional boxer from Atlanta, Georgia.
Antonio De La Fuente was a Mexican American professional boxer in the Heavyweight division.
He got probably the biggest win of his career immediately following the Gomez fight, stopping the then undefeated Matthew Hall in an exciting one round affair.
He became a professional boxer in 1950.
His manager is Scott Walisa, and he is trained by his father Bob Van Sickle.
He is a five-time former world champion, and the first boxer from Puerto Rico to win world titles in four weight classes.
He is the former WBC Continental Americas Super Featherweight, USBA Lightweight, and International Boxing Council Light Welterweight champion.
He is managed by the legendary Cameron Dunkin, and Mike Altamura.
He has the strangest claim to glory that an athlete ever made."
Dessislava Kirova, better known as Daisy "The Lady" Lang, is a professional female boxer.
He is nicknamed "Solemn-faced Tiger" or "Deathmask" because he never changes his expression when throwing punches.
The film received an Academy Award nomination for "Best Short Live Action Film".
His position of choice is at Prop Forward.
Benvenuti went on to win the middlweight title, and after Fullmer beat Carl "Bobo" Olson he fought a rematch with Benvenuti for the title in 1968.
Michele Aboro is a British female boxer of Nigerian descent who currently resides in Shanghai, China.
He held the WBA and European light-welterweight titles.
Peralta enjoyed success as both a light heavyweight and a heavyweight, one of a select group Latin American Heavyweights to attain world-class status.
His grandfather Vicente, father Joel Sr. and brother Joel Jr. were all boxers.
He has fought for the British lightweight title on two occasions, losing to Gavin Rees and Anthony Crolla.
Shields was the youngest boxer at the February 2012 U.S. Olympic trials, winning the event in the 165 lb middleweight division.
Johnson later claimed "Liston hit me so hard, I married the wrong woman."
Elio Enai Rojas is a Dominican Republican professional boxer.
Rafael Ortega is a former professional boxer.
Carl E. Morris was a professional boxer who was known as the Oklahoma White Hope.
It is often thought that the Fitzsimmons match was a publicity stunt, possibly a bribery making Fitzsimmons the first triple title champion in boxing history.
He has a current record of won 24 lost 5 drawn 1 from thirty fights.
John "Johnny" A. Hines was an American boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was sentenced to sixteen years and ten months at the Eastern State Penitentiary in Philadelphia.
He is the grandfather of New Orleans rapper Mr. Pastrano.
In 1933, Schmeling lost to Max Baer by a tenth-round technical knockout.
Ring Magazine founder Nat Fleischer ranked Dillon as the #3 Light Heavyweight of all-time, while boxing promoter Charley Rose placed him at #2.
Marko Martinić is a Croatian water polo player.
As an amateur, Rozhnov represented Bulgaria at the 2004 Olympics and won a super-heavyweight bronze medal at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships.
Armando "Chato" Robles is a Mexican boxer in the Welterweight division and is the current Mexican National Light Welterweight Champion.
Jesús Géles is a Colombian former professional boxer who competed from 2008 to 2014 and held the WBO junior flyweight title in 2011.
He became a professional boxer in 1989.
Domenico Antonio Galento was an American heavyweight boxer.
Scotty Robert Olson, known as Scotty Olson, and nicknamed Bulldog is a Canadian former flyweight boxer.
Persoon, who works as a railway policewoman, started professional boxing in 2009 - switching to boxing after a career in competitive Judo.
He owned a billiard hall and boxing school in Philadelphia.
They began boxing when they started following their father, himself a former boxer, into the gym.
In 1974, he tasted defeat for the first time when he was knocked out in seven rounds by Alfredo Alcayaga.
He lost the white heavyweight title to Gunboat Smith on New Year's Day 1914 at Coffroth's Arena in Daly City, California United States via a T.K.O.
The second fight he won by decision in Australia.
On October 18, 1882 he defeated the Middleweight Champion of America, John Rooke, in 3 rounds.
He represented Algeria at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom and at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Nelson "Nel" Tarleton was an English featherweight boxer from Liverpool, England.
Shiba was 2006 Rookie of the Year and 2006 Athlete of the Year.
Thomas Tate is an American former boxer.
Terrell was the older brother of The Supremes' early 1970s lead singer Jean Terrell.
Steve "Sammy" Sims is a Welsh former boxer who became Welsh and British featherweight champion.
Williams returned to rugby union with Counties Manukau in the 2014 ITM Cup, followed by the Chiefs in the 2015 Super Rugby.
He remained unbeaten till the final round when he drubbed Thailand's Champion Pugilist to claim the Asian title.
In 10/11/1972 he took on Chango Carmona for the WBC Lightweight Title and won via a Corner retirement in the 13th round.
He is a former holder of the British heavyweight title.
Mario Antonio Macias Orozco is a Mexican professional boxer and the former NABF Bantamweight Championship.
On June 20, 1976, he won that title by knocking out Hildo Roche in two rounds.
Ossie "The Ghanaian Gladiator" Duran 23 April 1977 ) born in Accra, is a Ghanaian professional boxer, whose career has spanned over 3 decades.
Kobori attempted to defend his title against Paulus Moses on January 3, 2009.
Prior to this bout, when Doherty had beaten Dooley to win the Australian crown.
She lost in both of her Olympic Games to the double-champion Nicola Adams.
He started boxing at age of thirteen in Kyrgyzstan.
Yoshiaki Numata is a former world Junior Lightweight boxing champion.
Kelcie Herron Banks is a retired boxer from the United States, who competed in the featherweight division.
Steve Curtis was a professional bantamweight boxer from Wales.
Shaun George is a US American professional boxer fighting in the light-heavyweight division.
Cochrane was a resident of Union, New Jersey at the time of his death.
"The new facility is located across from the Prince Boxing Complex in the 3000 block of Jensen.
Alejandro Pérez is a Mexican American professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division.
Marker was Golden Gloves Champion in 7 states.
As a collegian, Coach Weichers left football to take up boxing.
From 1931 to 1933 Rodak fought in the Chicago Golden Gloves tournament.
Orlando Canizales is an American boxer who won the International Boxing Federation bantamweight title and defended it for a record sixteen consecutive times.
But before that, he lost to Tomoki Kameda by technical knockout in the round 7 for WBO Bantamweight Word Champion at MGM Grand Las Vegas.
He was still a world-ranked boxer when he died under mysterious circumstances.
He lived in Pensacola, Florida, where he died on December 12, 2013, due to heart problems.
The move was seen as necessary, because it was becoming increasingly difficult to find amateurs willing to fight Cooper.
Fulgencio Zúñiga is a Colombian professional boxer and former IBO super middleweight champion.
Shemuel Pagan is a professional boxer in the Lightweight division.
He turned professional in 1995 and won the WBA super featherweight by defeating Takanori Hatakeyama.
Additionally he held the IBO light welterweight title in 1994, and the IBO welterweight title from 1994 to 1995.
He lost his World Featherweight Championship to the gifted Henry Armstrong in a sixth round knockout at Madison Square Garden.
Winter currently boxes for TKO Boxing in London and works as a personal trainer and film maker.
After retiring, Kim experienced dementia pugilistica and financial difficulties, and on February 3, 1989, he committed suicide by leaping off a building in Seoul, South Korea.
He retired with a career record of 24 wins, 2 losses and 2 draws.
On December 12, 1870 Elliott was arrested and convicted of highway robbery and assault with intent to kill.
Pedro Montañez was a boxer from Cayey, Puerto Rico.
Saoul Paul Mamby was an American professional boxer between 1969 and 2008.
Mark Davis was an American amateur boxer in the Lightweight division and is now a professional boxer.
He was survived by daughters Rebecca and Guadalupe.
Tiger was an ethnic Igbo and served as a soldier in the Biafran army during the Nigerian Civil War.
A statue commemorating his life and career was unveiled in Merthyr Tydfil in 2002.
Vélez' current record is 14 wins, 2 loss and 2 draws, with six knockout wins.
Benoit Gaudet is a professional Canadian boxer in the Lightweight division.
Billy Parris "used Charlie Purdy’s famous weave."
Patrick Gerard Barnes, MBE is a boxer who competes as a flyweight.
Of Jamaican heritage, he was born in East Dulwich, London, but raised in the Cambria Heights section of Queens in New York City.
He is a former WBC interim lightweight champion, losing this title on August 12, 2006 to David Díaz.
Jean-Thenistor Pascal is a Haitian Canadian professional boxer.
Rivera won the fight with a tenth round knockout, in what was to be Chung's final professional contest.
Jackie Jurich is an American former professional boxer.
He was British champion from 1905 to 1906 and challenged Tommy Burns for the world title.
In 2001 he won the interim WBO Middleweight against Hacine Cherifi and defeated Armand Krajnc in 2002 for the title.
He was born in New York City.
On October 8, 2005, he suffered a controversial loss against Bobby Pacquiao, the brother of Manny Pacquiao from the Philippines in a 10-round split decision.
He was born and raised in the town of Bogo, Cebu, Philippines in 1935.
Gonzalez won eight more fights in a row before being given another chance at becoming world Flyweight champion.
Known as "The Big Bad Wolfe", Mahfood is known in the boxing world by her brawling style of fighting, and by her traditional trademark purple mohawk.
Two months before the fight he was stabbed near the heart in a Harlem hotel in a dispute over a woman.
He challenged three times for both the IBF and European heavyweight titles, losing close decisions in most of them.
Because of her age, many consider her to be "the George Foreman of women's boxing".
Damon Jones is a British professional boxer who has challenged once for the British middleweight title.
Lottie Mwale was a Zambian male Light Heavyweight-class boxer who was Commonwealth and African Boxing Union champion for more than six years.
Gary Davies is a professional British bantamweight boxer.
He made one successful defence, but lost the title to Lucas Browne in 2016.
He has been included in the International Hall of Fame Boxing.
After recovering from his injuries he resumed his boxing career, now in the welterweight and middleweight divisions.
He scored 61 knockouts with 43 of those coming under 5 rounds.
At the 1973 All-Africa Games in Lagos, Nwankpa participated in the light-welterweight competition.
He was later stripped of the belt.
Competing in the bantamweight division, he became Puerto Rico's first world champion.
In 1980 he was inducted to the Idaho State University Hall of Fame.
After retiring from boxing he became a trainer in white collar boxing.
However, he was injured, so the fighter Mathis beat in the Olympic Trials took his place.
By high school, his American football teammates tacked on the "iron."
After his fight with Camacho; Haugen tested positive for marijuana and was fine $25,000.
Police took no fingerprints at the crime scene and lacked the facilities to conduct a paraffin test for gunshot residue.
Following old tradition, John L. Sullivan threw his hat in the ring at 11:45 am.
Of his 20 professional wins, 18 came via knockout.
Valdez qualified for the 2008 Olympics at the age of 17 and became the first Mexican Youth World Champion.
In 1974, Richardson was the National AAU and National Golden Gloves flyweight champion.
As of September 1, 2007, she is the undefeated WIBF world junior flyweight champion.
Due to injuries and being unable to grant Valuev a rematch in 2009, the WBA stripped Chagaev of the title.
Stefan Härtel is a German professional boxer who competes as a super-middleweight.
On March 6, 1970, he suffered a somewhat surprising defeat, at the hands of Felix Marquez, who had only one prior professional fight.
Carlos Zárate Serna is a retired Mexican boxer.
During his career he faced the likes of Jim Driscoll, Georges Carpentier, Johnny Coulon, Kid Herman, Kid Williams, Eugène Criqui and Joe Lynch.
Due to an injury, he was forced to abandon boxing but unwilling to give up the world of sports, he turned to be a rally driver.
España knocked out Noel in the thirteenth round to win the title.
Gary Stretch is an English former actor, former boxer and former model.
His professional fighting weight varied from 126 lb, i.e.
Billy Baker, was an English professional boxer.
He is employed with Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd.
Paulus Moses is a Namibian professional boxer who held the WBA lightweight title from 2009 to 2010.
George Blades is an American professional boxer, competing in the Cruiserweight weight class.
Both Tyson and Patterson were trained by Cus D'Amato.
Bermane Stiverne is a Haitian-Canadian professional boxer who held the WBC heavyweight title from 2014 to 2015.
He was the first top rated boxer to practice yoga, and reportedly did headstands in the dressing room before his title bout with Joe Louis.
In his professional career he challenged for the WBA, British, and Commonwealth heavyweight titles.
She had to retire from karate due to pregnancy.
Many of his close friends died in the LOT Flight 7 crash.
He is a former World Boxing Association Inter-Continental cruiserweight title-holder.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Erik Ågren.
He defended the title three times before losing the belt to Ricardo Arredondo in 1971.
Delvin Antonio Rodríguez is a Dominican-born American professional boxer in the Super Welterweight division.
On April 21, 2009, he died after 3 years of being in a vegetative state.
While he challenged other fighters, he never fought again.
He held the World Bantamweight Championship on May 23, 1928, when he defeated Corporal Izzy Schwartz, but immediately vacated it and did not defend it.
Since retiring, Murray has opened his own gym – Murray Machines Gymnasium – in Reddish, where he trains both amateur and professional boxers.
Akulugu who had won his last 9 fights all by KO was also down in round 2 and round 4.
After retiring from boxing, Walcott did some acting, playing small parts in a few movies and television shows.
Prichard Colón Meléndez is a Puerto Rican former professional boxer.
Yasutsune Uehara is a former professional boxer and former WBA and lineal super featherweight champion.
Luis Santana, is a retired professional boxer who fought in the super welterweight division.
Graciano Rocchigiani is a German former professional boxer who competed from 1983 to 2003.
Frank Cedeno is a Filipino former professional boxer in the Flyweight division.
She is a member of the Fenerbahçe Boxing team.
A rematch 18 months later was also unsuccessful, as Nelson won a unanimous decision.
He appeared as an actor in a number of Hollywood films in the 1940s, including Preston Sturges's Hail the Conquering Hero.
Pedro Carrasco was a Spanish boxer whose fame transcended the boxing ring.
Omari Idd Kimweri is a Tanzanian-Australian professional boxer who challenged for the WBC mini-flyweight title in 2017.
He was the World Welterweight Champion in 1933 and the NYSAC Middleweight champion in 1938.
He is a former WBC and lineal flyweight champion.
He is a former British, Commonwealth and European featherweight champion, as well as a WBO super featherweight champion.
His autobiography When the Gloves Came Off was published in 2007.
Ronald "Ron" Lyle was an American professional boxer who competed from 1971 to 1980, and in 1995.
His nickname, "USS", is a reference to his 1994–1998 US Navy service on the aircraft carriers USS America and USS Enterprise.
Edward "Gunboat" Smith was an Irish American boxer, film actor and later a boxing referee.
Tom Norris was a Welsh professional heavyweight boxer.
He is the son of retired six-time world boxing champion Julio César Chávez and older brother of Omar Chávez.
He has held multiple light-welterweight championships, most notably the WBC title from 2006 to 2008.
Pep won by decision in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Shortly after a BBC documentary by Steve Bunce was aired.
Roberto García is a Mexican professional boxer, nicknamed "Amenaza".
On 20 June 1981, he fought his last fight, when losing the WBC world Lightweight title to Alexis Argüello by a 15-round decision in London.
After two more fights, including a 10-round, unanimous decision over future Hall of Famer Ike Williams, Costner retired in 1950 with a 73–11–4 record.
Orlando Romero is a former boxer from Peru.
During his career he defeated such opponents as Benny Bass and Frankie Covelli.
The merging of "The Duvas" and "The King" drew media and press attention.
After Benny's retirement from boxing, he went into the motion picture industry.
Emmanuel Clottey is a Ghanaian professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
The 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games were his final amateur tournament, in which he won the gold medal.
Marcin Rekowski is a Polish professional boxer, fighting in the Heavyweight division.
He is the older brother of Juan Zegarra, who also is a professional boxer.
Gerald Allen McClellan is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1988 to 1995.
1997, beating Judy Mayrand by a four round unanimous decision in Germantown, Pennsylvania.
He was formerly the New Zealand Professional Boxing Association Heavyweight Champion and World Boxing Association International Heavyweight Champion.
Gavin McDonnell is a British professional boxer who challenged for the WBC super-bantamweight title in 2017.
He was elected into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1987, and is also in the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
Julian Wheeler is a retired professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
A Ring Magazine poll once rated him as one of the finest boxers never to win a title.
He lived in Wanaque, New Jersey and attended Lakeland Regional High School.
He went on to challenge for the European title.
An up-and-coming prospect signed with Zanfer Promotions.
He was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2012.
Wright's next fight came on the Contender's USA vs. UK.
He is an inductee of the World Boxing Hall of Fame.
He is a former two time WBC World Featherweight Champion.
He also won the WBA and WBO Championships in the same weight class.
Palermo was imprisoned in 1961 for conspiracy and extortion for the covert ownership of prizefighters.
He then moved to Sydney, NSW under the guidance of Pat Hailwood and Andrew Tatrai.
He was also the first Mexican to fight a Puerto Rican in the Mexico – Puerto Rico boxing rivalry.
He also fought at the 2008 Olympics.
He held the WBC interim super lightweight title from 2012 to 2013, and has challenged twice for a world title in 2013 and 2015.
Isidro Pérez was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division.
As of July 26, 2011, her amateur record is 115 wins, 9 losses.
Bruce Strauss is a retired boxer who is more known for his losses than for his wins.
He tried unsuccessfully to secure a fight with reigning heavyweight champion James J. Jeffries.
Born in Szőreg, a southeastern suburb of Szeged in southern Hungary, Bugner and his family fled after the 1956 Soviet invasion and settled in Britain.
Yoan Pablo Hernández Suárez is a Cuban-German former professional boxer who competed from 2005 to 2014.
It was in the circus that he learned acrobatic moves he would later use in the boxing ring.
Twenty-two days after Charlie Mohr's death the University of Wisconsin–Madison abolished the sport at UW–Madison.
Sykes made his professional debut in 1933.
light middleweight to 169 3⁄4 lb, i.e.
Ernie Roderick was a British boxer who was British champion at both welterweight and middleweight, and European champion at welterweight.
He who won the welterweight gold at the 2010 Commonwealth games.
Domenic "Mick" Gatto is an Australian man widely suspected to be involved in the Melbourne underworld.
Salvatore Interbartolo, better known as Sal Bartolo was an American boxer and WBA featherweight champion from March 1944 through May 1946.
Known as "Denver Ed Martin" and "The Colorado Giant", Martin was born in Denver on September 10, 1881.
Arthur Susskind, also known as "Young Otto", was an American professional boxer who set a world record with 16 consecutive first-round knockouts in the early 1900s.
He is also known by his nickname "Rose of San Jose."
Seldin's record as of June 2015 was 17–0, with 14 knockouts.
He was known for his clever fighting styles that won crowds over.
A natural left-hander, he possessed one-punch knockout power in his left hook, and brawled his way to the top of the rankings.
He is the twin brother of McJoe Arroyo.
Two years later Grim faced future heavyweight champion Jack Johnson.
As an amateur, Melson won the 48th World Military Boxing Championship gold medal in the 69 kg.
Adrien Jerome Broner is an American professional boxer.
He began fighting in carnivals and later continued his boxing in the US Army.
He competes in the Super flyweight division and is the current WBC Youth World Super Flyweight Champion.
He is a two-weight world champion, having held the WBO super bantamweight title from 2005 and 2008, and the WBC featherweight title from 2012 to 2013.
He retired in 1976 following a second loss to Foreman.
When she turned pro, she made history by becoming the first female boxer under the age of 18 to be licensed in the state of Nevada.
He is a two-weight world champion, having held the WBC super featherweight title from 2003 to 2004, and the IBF lightweight title from 2005 to 2007.
It was during his tenure in the Navy that he first showed interest in boxing.
This made Hopkins the oldest boxer in history to win a world title, at the age of 46, breaking George Foreman's record set in 1994.
He is buried in Calvary Cemetery, Queens, New York.
Terry Magee is a former professional boxer.
He only had a 4-day notice to the bout.
Ren Cancan is a female Chinese boxer who has won three world championships.
Reuven "Ruby" Goldstein, the "Jewel Of The Ghetto," was an American boxer and prize fight referee.
He eventually won the 190-pound championship for West Chester University in 1973.
Denis Inkin is a Russian former professional boxer who fought in Germany at super middleweight.
They got one handsome kid Xavier Niel who will be 2 years old this coming February 13, 2013.
He is the current WBC Youth Intercontinental Welterweight Champion.
Llewellyn "Llew" Edwards was a Welsh boxer who fought professionally between 1913 and 1922.
His boxing coach, Matthew Voltolini, adopted him as a son at age 12.
A successful period as a sparring partner for Australian champion Peter Jackson revived his career.
Kim Sung-Jun was a boxer from South Korea.
Nikolái Sergéyevich Valúev is a Russian former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2009.
Marco Ángel Pérez is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Middleweight division and is the current WBC FECARBOX Super Featherweight Champion.
José "Cheíto" Ruíz Matos was a Puerto Rican boxer.
He is a former WBO Inter-Continental heavyweight champion and World Kick Boxing Champion.
He started boxing when he was six or seven, at the Hylton Castle Boys Club.
He participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland.
He's also a former WBC and WBA lightweight champion.
His overall record was 52 victories, 32 losses and five draws.
He held the European heavyweight title in 2015, but was stripped by the EBU for failing a drug test.
Many defended the choice of putting Acuña against world champions right away, based on her karate record of 17 wins, 1 loss and 1 draw.
(Sugar) Jackson Osei Bonsu is a Belgian welterweight professional boxer of Ghanaian descent.
On 7 March 1979 he won the European light heavyweight title against Aldo Traversaro in the seventh round.
The NCAA soon followed Wisconsin's lead, officially ending their support of the national boxing tournament in late 1960 and unofficially terminating the sport.
He also faced the likes of Sammy Angott and Pedro Montanez in defeat.
Félix Machado is a Venezuelan featherweight boxer.
Grzegorz Kielsa is a Canadian based Polish professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division.
He died in 1982 in New York City.
He beat Petanena in his hometown of Oranjemund with a points victory.
He was beaten by Steve Molitor on 10 November 2006 by 5th round KO for the IBF Super Bantamweight Title.
He is currently considered one of the best trainers in boxing.
Galloway's greatest fights were against Gert Bo Jacobsen which were all fought in Randers Hallen, Randers, Denmark.
Brian Sánchez is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.
Jacob Henry "Buddy" Baer was an American boxer and later an actor in films and on television.
He is the former British and Commonwealth light welterweight champion and also previously held the Commonwealth, WBU and IBO Inter-Continental lightweight titles.
He was finally able to obtain Argentina's Light Heavyweight title, by beating Aguilar by a decision in twelve.
Phillip Ndou is a South African former professional boxer and world title challenger.
On December 30, 2014, Dusty became the first boxer to sign with music superstar Jay Z's Roc Nation Sports.
While Harmon weighed in at 144.5 lbs, Latzo weighed in at 153 lbs—6 lbs over the 147-lb welterweight limit.
The contracts for the fight were signed, and the fight finally came off on March 30, 1984.
He was Scottish champion at featherweight, British champion at both weights and became WBC International super-featherweight champion in 1988.
Morris was born in Detroit and died in West Palm Beach.
On September 19 of that year, one day before her 34th.
Charles Adamu is a Ghanain professional boxer fighting in the super middleweight division.
Jorge Victor Ahumada is a former professional boxer.
During the third round, Joshua knocked Airich down and the referee stopped the fight.
In the course of his career Welch had 26 professional fights, with 22 wins and an impressive 17 knock-outs.
Although Harmon fought valiantly, and won the earlier rounds, he was knocked cold by the champion in the fifth round, and lay unconscious for several minutes.
Originally from Weymouth Falls, a small community in Nova Scotia, Canada.
In 2009 he was jailed for six months for defrauding Housing New Zealand.
Liking the sport, Matos would decide further dedication to it after winning a national championship in Salvador.
I can't let you box with the boys.'
Richie Lemos was a Mexican-American boxer in the Featherweight division.
Sherman Alexander Williams is a Bahamian professional heavyweight boxer.
Fight was promoted by Golden Boy Promotions and HBO and it was broadcast as one of the two main fights of the evening.
Baldwin fought Jim Driscoll in two consecutive bouts.
Mauricio Herrera is an American professional boxer who held the WBA interim super lightweight title in 2014.
Noel Trigg was a Welsh light heavyweight boxer.
Three weeks later, Del Valle moved back down to the super featherweight ranks once again and challenged Chevelle Hallback for her IBA title in Savannah, Georgia.
Earlier in his career Routis competed as a bantamweight, where he won the French title and fought three times for the EBU title.
He has 23 wins, 11 losses, with 14 of those wins coming by way of knockout.
As an amateur he won the gold medal at the 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Reno and at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis.
Ivan "Mighty" Robinson is a boxer who has compiled a record of 36-12-2 since becoming a professional in 1992.
Billy Waith, was a Welsh welterwight boxer.
He was a skilful boxer, who showed brilliant footwork and knew how to use the ring.
Simon was a semi-finalist and 3rd-place finisher at super heavyweight at the 2012 American Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament.
After the Olympics he turned professional and fought 36 bouts between 1977 and 1986, winning 23.
He was a Junior Welterweight WBO international champion in 2011.
He is a former European super middleweight champion and multiple time world title challenger.
Daniel Thomas "Danny" Green is an Australian professional boxer who also works as a health and fitness trainer.
He is a former IBF Mediterranean and Italian junior-middleweight champion.
In 1982, annoyed that network announcers often did not refer to him by his nickname, "Marvelous", Hagler legally changed his name to Marvelous Marvin Hagler.
Arturo "Dusty" Harrison Hernández is an undefeated Puerto Rican-American professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
He retired in February 2009 with an undefeated record, and as a reigning world champion.
Jose Zepeda is an American boxer of Mexican descent in the lightweight division.
España never challenged for a world title again and retired in 1988.
Alejandro Martín González is a Mexican former professional boxer who held the WBC featherweight and IBA lightweight titles.
He fought Frankie Covelli for the National Boxing Association World featherweight title at Griffith Stadium and beat him by TKO.
Frankie Baltazar is a retired Mexican American professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division.
Little was the Lineal/WBA Super Middleweight champion in 1994.
Rubén Sánchez León was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division.
In 1971, he won the National Golden Gloves Light middleweight championship.
On 16 October 2010 he fought Kris Hughes for the vacant Commonwealth Super-bantamweight title winning on points decision.
John "Jack" Harrison was a British boxer who was British middleweight champion in 1912.
He is the former President of his family's 'Main Events' boxing promotions.
Mike Rossman is an American former professional boxer who was the WBA light heavyweight champion of the world.
As of May 2017, Santa Cruz is ranked as the world's ninth best boxer, pound for pound, by the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board.
Siona Fernandes is a New Zealand amateur boxer.
He met another future champion in 1931, Tommy Paul, but Zwick lost that bout by unanimous decision.
Alexis Argüello was a Nicaraguan professional boxer who competed from 1968 to 1995, and later became a politician.
He is the younger brother of Lamont Peterson
Nicknamed El Tornado de Tijuana, Margarito is known for his highly aggressive pressure fighting style and iron chin.
Dick Tiger was a professional boxer who held the World Middleweight and World Light Heavyweight Championships.
As an amateur, Barnes represented Ireland at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics, and Northern Ireland at the 2010 and 2014 Commonwealth Games.
He made two further defences before in 1991 losing the title again to Harding, via majority decision, capping their trilogy.
Regilio Benito Tuur is the former WBO Junior Lightweight champion of the world, from the Netherlands.
It was William Thompson of Nottingham who spoilt his clean record in 1850 in Mildenhall, Suffolk.
Gustavo Ballas is an Argentine retired super flyweight boxer who fought from 1976 until 1990.
Currently he is undefeated as a professional and labeled by many as a can't-miss blue chip prospect.
Floyd Patterson was an American professional boxer who competed from 1952 to 1972, and twice reigned as the world heavyweight champion from 1956 to 1962.
When Riley announced that she was to begin a career in professional boxing, many of her fans received the news with open arms.
Remigio Daniel Molina was an Argentine professional boxer in the Lightweight division.
But he was then knocked out in one round by undefeated Ingemar Johansson, a future heavyweight champion, in September.
He made four title defences before losing his belt in 2015 to Francisco Vargas, in a potential fight of the year candidate.
Jackie Sutton is a Welsh former boxer who held the Welsh bantamweight title from 1949 to 1951.
Akinobu Hiranaka is a former world champion boxer in the Light welterweight division.
Kovalev is well known for his formidable punching power.
He retired with a record of 4 wins, 18 losses, and 2 draws.
He fought in the first French-German match in France after the First World War, on 10 May 1922, defeating Paul Czirson.
He won three silver and seven bronze medals.
Ryan Brawley is a Scottish professional boxer fighting in the lightweight division.
Carlos Palomino is a retired Mexican professional boxer.
Edelweis Rodriguez was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He has also been a representative for Singapore in various regional meets.
She applied for a professional boxer's license in Mexico.
She has won two Golden Gloves championships.
Fighting at a weight of between 160 and 185 lbs., the short, stocky Childs fought middleweights, light-heavyweights and heavyweights.
Liston was penalized three times for low blows in that match, a sign of desperation.
Charley was undefeated in his first 45 fights.
Lou Ambers, was a World lightweight boxing champion who fought from 1932 to 1941.
Bert Kirby was an English flyweight boxer, who became British flyweight champion in 1930.
Anthony Lavar Hanshaw is a professional boxer from Massillon, Ohio.
Known as "El Feo", Rodriguez began his career in pre-Castro Havana.
light heavyweight, he was managed by Jimmy Nemis, Johnny Buckley, Johnny Buckley Jr., and trained by Al Lacey, Charlie Pappas, and Johnny Sullo.
Pete is son of Raymond Podgorski a retired member of local 134 IBEW.
In his first defense on January 31, 1970, he lost the title to Bruno Arcari by a unanimous decision.
She got involved in her husband's business in 1942.
The controversy, combined with the fact that she had lost her two fights up until then, convinced Acuña to retire.
He compiled an amateur boxing record of 26-10.
Haider Ali emerged as the new Asian Boxing Champion when he won a Gold Medal in XXI Asian Boxing Championship held in Malaysia during June, 2002.
Despite an extraordinary winning record, he was unable to secure a match for either world title.
Notably, she was trained by former three time world kickboxing champion, Jim Boucher.
José Luis Benavidez, Jr. is a Mexican-American professional boxer, currently undefeated and fighting at light welterweight.
Eddie Avoth is a former boxer and actor.
Coley Wallace was an American actor and heavyweight boxer who outpointed Rocky Marciano in a three-round amateur fight.
Khalfi, who started boxing at the age of 17, quickly rose through the ranks.
Hagler got up and proceeded to beat Roldán by a ten-round technical knockout, and Roldán announced his retirement from boxing in October of that year.
Ferguson competed in the "Prizefighter" competition at York Hall, Bethnal Green.
Daisy Ocasio had an accomplished career in the running fields, holding various records at different international races.
Peter was the 2012 Inductee for the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame Pioneers catergory.
In 2005 Barney challenged Thomas Ulrich for the European light heavyweight title.
This was partly due to his highly controversial points loss to Henry Cooper in England, in September 1958.
Berlenbach was inducted into the Ring Magazine Hall of Fame in 1971 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2001.
Hatanaka made his professional debut with a first round knockout victory in November 1984, at the age of a high school student.
The first fight Manning beat Jacobsen, Jacobsen lost due to a corner retirement.
He is a former WBC and lineal super flyweight champion.
After moving to America, he lived in the Troy, New York area and was consequently nicknamed the Trojan Giant.
Some say Robinson only win by decision and that Mim's was the real winner.
His record stands at four wins, and two losses in six bouts.
In 1946 he challenged Ike Williams at Cardiff for the NBA Lightweight title, but lost the contest in the ninth round.
He is the only person to hold the undefeated strawweight champion to a draw.
Wepner also scored notable wins over Randy Neumann and Ernie Terrell.
Hernandez had trouble preparing for the bout due to work commitments.
He challenged twice for a lightweight world title, and held the WBO–NABO and NABF super featherweight titles.
Edmund Gerber is a German heavyweight pro boxer.
His professional fighting weight varied from 135 lb, to 161 lb,.
In 1933–34, Uzcudun trained on the beach in Rocky Point, Long Island, New York.
The win against Ellis began a winning streak for Fullmer and he went on to defeat Griffith and Archer in rematches.
Mildenberger then got a draw with highly ranked Zora Folley in April 1964.
Carlos Gallegos is a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.
James "Jim" Boyd was a boxer from Rocky Mount, North Carolina, United States, who competed in the Light Heavyweight division during his career as an amateur.
Thomas Patrick Loughran was an American professional boxer and the former World Light Heavyweight Champion.
Scott Gammer is a British boxer, based in Wales.
Bill Farnan was Australia's first heavyweight boxing champion.
He recently signed with boxing adviser Al Haymon.
Andy Morris is an English boxer who currently fights in the Featherweight division.
He held the WBA featherweight title from 2012 to 2015, and has challenged once for the WBO junior lightweight title in 2016.
The following towns are the regional capitals of the districts.
Their rematch the same year ended in a draw, after which Libeer retired from boxing.
Suzanne Riccio-Major, also known as Suzanne Riccio, is a former female boxer who fought two times for world titles.
He was born in New York City and died in Palmetto, Florida.
The death was officially ruled to be accidental, but conspiracy theories regarding his death persist.
The conference also promulgated the Plan Espiritual de Aztlán, a manifesto demanding self-determination for Chicanos.
Nadeem Siddique is a former British Pakistani boxer who competed as a welterweight.
He held the British lightweight title twice between 2003 and 2006, and the Commonwealth lightweight title from 2005 to 2006.
The original fight was supposed to be against Kiko Martinez who had held the title.
Farzan is Fiji's local champion in seven divisions ranging from bantamweight to welterweight.
He is 29th on Ring Magazine's list of 100 greatest punchers of all time.
Mildenberger learned the fight trade, growing up in Occupied Germany.
He is the brother of five-time world boxing champion Miguel Cotto and the cousin of lightweight contender Abner Cotto.
He was a competitor on the reality TV show The Contender, where he finished third out of sixteen fighters.
He fought as an amateur for four years and did not lose in sixty-five fights.
He fought on, beating Joe Bugner, losing a rematch to Ali and beating Quarry and Ellis again.
Javier Mendoza is a Mexican professional boxer and a former IBF Light flyweight champion.
Luke Campbell, MBE is a British professional boxer who has held the Commonwealth and WBC Silver lightweight titles since 2016.
Menchaca successfully defended his title in 1941.
At one stage his license was suspended to help recovery.
Lauryn Eagle is an Australian professional boxer and water skiing champion.
He now runs the Naenae Boxing Academy in Naenae, New Zealand which has gained recognition from several newspapers
In 2003, Joe Goss was admitted to the International Boxing Hall of Fame in the Pioneer category.
Carl Davis Drumond is a Costa Rican professional boxer who has challenged once for a world heavyweight title.
Kostas Petrou is a British former professional boxer of Greek Cypriot origin.
Gilberto Josué González is a Mexican professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the current interim WBC Youth World Lightweight Champion.
He is also ranked as the world's best light heavyweight by The Ring, the TBRB, and BoxRec.
Ramon Ledon-González is a Cuban professional boxer in the Welterweight division and was one of the best amateur boxers of his era.
Nicknamed "The Look", Lomax is a former ABA champion and was the winner of Prizefighter 3: The Welterweights
Gesta began his professional career on October 19, 2003, with a unanimous decision win over Edwin Picardal.
Márquez also represented the U.S. at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
He competed in the Men's flyweight division in the boxing at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
From 1975 to 1984, he was the chairman of the New Jersey State Athletic Commission.
He went to Whitley Abbey Comprehensive School in Whitley, Coventry.
He is a two-weight world champion, having held the IBF junior welterweight title in 1988, and the WBC and lineal welterweight titles from 1991 to 1993.
Tomoki Kameda is a Japanese professional boxer who fights in the Super Bantamweight division.
Cuadras also was a Gold Medalist in the Bantamweight division at the 2007 Pan American Games.
He competed at featherweight and super featherweight.
Éder Jofre is a retired Brazilian professional boxer and former Bantamweight and Featherweight champion.
James Oyebola was a heavyweight boxer who won a bronze medal at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in the super heavyweight division.
He was born in the Belgian Congo, moving to Italy during his youth, which is where he still resides.
He currently fights in the super bantamweight division.
Salvador Sánchez Castro is a Mexican Featherweight boxer and Nephew of Boxing Legend Salvador Sánchez.
She is one of the first female boxers from that country.
The second fight he lost by a knockout in Pennsylvania.
He is the father of current boxers Omar Chávez and former WBC middleweight champion Julio César Chávez Jr.
Owen never regained consciousness, fell into a coma and died seven weeks later.
Known for his formidable punching power, The Ring magazine rated McClellan at number 27 on their list of "100 Greatest Punchers".
A participant of Marathon and Track and Field races, she is also a former female boxer.
He was raised by his grandmother, and following her death, he moved to London aged 11 to join his parents, who had moved to London earlier.
Sidney Terris was a top rated American lightweight boxing contender from the lower East Side of Manhattan.
He was trained and managed by Whitey Bimstein.
He founded, and is the current president of, the Professional Boxing Association.
He is currently the president of the Japanese boxing association.
Mike Alvarado is an American professional boxer who held the WBO junior welterweight title in 2013.
He is a native of Montebello, California.
He won the English middleweight title in 2010, at the age of twenty, becoming the youngest boxer to do so.
Because of the loss, Mims dropped out of The Ring's list of the top-ten middleweights contenders.
His record stood until Edwin Valero of Venezuela scored 18 straight first-round knockouts in 2006.
Tua fought many of the best fighters of his era and challenged for the WBC, IBF and IBO heavyweight titles.
John Murray is a British former professional boxer who competed from 2003 to 2014.
He held the WBA heavyweight title from 1995 to 1996, most notably losing to Mike Tyson via knockout in his second defense.
Satoshi Shingaki is a Japanese ex-boxer and former world champion.
Carlos Roberto Cuadras Quiroa is a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Flyweight division who is the former WBC Super Flyweight Champion.
In the 7th round Casey dropped Sassou with a straight left cross and went on to win the fight with an 8th round TKO.
He fought from lightweight to heavyweight and defeated many world champions and legends of the time in each weight class.
José Nabor is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Heavyweight division.
Ekoli Mahenge Zulu is a retired Italian/African boxer.
He fought Johnny Dundee in Jersey City, New Jersey, where he won by decision.
Early started his career in 1977 with a TKO win over Kevin Sheehan.
Figueroa was knocked down in the opening round, but rallied back to score a flash knockdown in the second round.
The Chocolate Kid died on January 26, 1990, two days after his 66th birthday.
Nobuo Nashiro is a professional boxer in the Super flyweight division as well as the WBA super flyweight champion.
Statistical boxing website BoxRec lists Loughran as the #7 ranked light heavyweight of all time, while The Ring Magazine founder Nat Fleischer placed him at #4.
He is signed with Eye of the Tiger Management and trained by Marc Ramsay.
He has the distinction of having defeated former heavyweight world champion Jersey Joe Walcott.
He is a one-time WBO NABO Lightweight Champion and was named the 2010 Outstanding Young Male Boxer of the Year.
Chávez was known for his outstanding punching power, devastating body attack, remarkably strong chin and the relentless stalking of his opponents.
One boxing historian described Langford as "experienced as a heavyweight James Toney with the punching power of Mike Tyson".
However, he did defeat some professional fighters such as Johnny Griffin, Neville Meade, Bunny Johnson and Danny McAlinden.
Lyn Philp was a New Zealand professional boxer, and New Zealand's Bantamweight Champion from 1947 - 1954.
Jon-Lewis Dickinson is a British boxer currently fighting in the cruiserweight class, and held the British cruiserweight title from 2012 until 2014.
George Chuvalo was inducted into the Ontario Sports Hall of Fame in 1995.
He was trained by Boxing Hall of Famer Ignacio Beristáin.
She is the daughter of legendary boxing champion Muhammad Ali with his third wife, Veronica Porché Ali, and is the eighth of her father's nine children.
Is originally from Nigeria but has been based in Australia for several years where he turned professional.
Miguel Antonio Mosna is a light heavyweight Argentine boxer who fought in various events around the world.
While training to fight Joe Calzaghe, Tate suffered a back injury and retired from the sport with a record of 41–7.
Thus the title became only available for Donaire who successfully made the weight limit.
Three years later he joined Norwich City and became a part of the side who won promotion to the Premier League.
Mzukisi Sikali,, was a South African boxer who served as a world champion in three different weight categories: junior flyweight, flyweight, and super flyweight.
Edward Hyland, more commonly known as Eddie Hyland, is an Irish professional boxer who fights in the super featherweight division.
In 2008, The Ring ranked him as the world's second best boxer, pound for pound.
She represented Russia in the 2012 Summer Olympics taking place in London in the Flyweight Division.
John Patrick "Johnny" Kilbane was a featherweight boxer in the early part of the 20th century.
Dejan Zlatičanin is a Montenegrin professional boxer.
In 1911 he became the first Heavyweight to win the Lonsdale Belt, which had been introduced for British champions at all weights in 1909.
During both those reigns, he also held the lineal championship.
Fernando Atzori is a retired flyweight boxer who won an Olympics gold medal in 1964.
Sammy NeSmith, known as Slammin' Sammy, was an American professional light middleweight boxer of the early 1970s.
Abner Mares Martínez is a Mexican-American professional boxer who has held the WBA featherweight title since 2016.
Lenin Arroyo is a professional boxer based in Miami, Florida, in the United States.
He fought future featherweight champion Freddie Miller in 1931 and also lost by knockout.
He died in 1993 from a heart attack with a professional record of 58 fights, of which he won 52, Lost 3, and Drew 3.
He is perhaps best known for his 1995 bout with Lennox Lewis.
Alexander "Alex" de Jesús was a Puerto Rican professional boxer.
After retiring, Laing continue to live in Hackney, and fell from his balcony in 2003 in circumstances that remain unexplained.
James Edward Slattery was a professional boxer in the light heavyweight division.
William Thomas Wells, better known as Bombardier Billy Wells, was an English heavyweight boxer.
Edward Mills "Eddie" Machen was born in Redding, California, on June 15, 1932.
In both his early and late professional career he held the Canadian heavyweight title twice, from 1979 to 1986 and 1999 to 2001.
Michael Joseph O'Dowd was an American boxer who held the World Middleweight Championship from 1917 to 1920.
He has been fighting as a heavyweight, and has fought against several contenders, and currently holds a record of 25-6-1.
José Miguel Cotto Vázquez is a Puerto Rican professional boxer and a four-time regional level champion.
He is best known for his stunning upset of Mike Tyson on February 11, 1990 in Tokyo to win the undisputed heavyweight title.
Tszyu is considered by many in Australia to be a national sports hero.
Together with his elder brother, Jason Pagara, they are now living in Cagayan de Oro City.
He was the first white boxer in Apartheid South Africa to fight against a non-white opponent, American Bob Foster on 21 August 1973 in South Africa.
Terry Flanagan is a British professional boxer.
In 1896, in a very early match in James J. Jeffries career, Griffin was lost via a KO.
The commissioner, according to Bimstein, removed himself from the room, and "about a dozen soldiers walked toward Carnera."
Paul Anthony "Paulie" Ayala is an American former professional boxer who held the NABF and WBA bantamweight titles, and the IBO super bantamweight title.
James Derick Kirkland is an American professional boxer who held the regional WBO–NABO junior middleweight title in 2008.
David William "Dai" Dower MBE, a British, Empire and European Flyweight boxing champion, was one of the most successful Welsh boxers of all time.
He is trained by Boxing Hall of Famer Freddie Roach, with whom he started training in 2008, and trainer Eric Brown.
The following year, Needham would challenge Tommy Ryan for the welterweight world title.
She had previously headlined fight cards for the television station ProSieben from 2007 to 2009.
He is the former Michigan State Cruiserweight, USA Michigan State cruiserweight, USA Mid West cruiserweight, and USA Mid American cruiserweight champion.
Nicknamed "The Heat", Kinchen is best known for his bout against Thomas Hearns for the inaugural WBO super middleweight title.
He is considered by many to be Venezuela's greatest world champion in boxing history.
He was trained by Bobby Rimmer in Manchester for his first eleven professional fights, winning eight on points and two by knockout.
In the 1950s he moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin and became an American citizen.
The result of the proclamation named an official James Prince Day in Houston.
There he attended Te Aro School and Wellington College, but dropped out in 1922 and started working as a plumber.
Sean Monaghan is an American professional boxer in the Light Heavyweight division.
Captain Ivan Drago is a fictional character in the 1985 film Rocky IV, in which he is Rocky Balboa's rival and the main antagonist.
Povetkin is known as a physically strong, hard-hitting and skilled pressure fighter.
Jhean Carlo Aparicio Romero is a Mexican professional boxer in the Lightweight division.
On April 19, 2008 he faced Mexican boxer Edgar Sosa in Port-au-Prince, Haiti for the WBC light flyweight title.
At his peak, he was the third-ranked heavyweight contender.
Ward has held the unified WBA, IBF, and WBO light heavyweight titles since 2016, and the Ring title since June 2017.
McCune owned Champions Boxing Gym in Birmingham, AL from 2001 to 2008, where he produced over 25 state and regional amateur boxing champions.
Henry Owens, who fought under the name Jake Kilrain, was a Scottish boxer who was British welterweight champion between 1936 and 1939.
He made his professional debut in 2007, defeating Delroy Spencer on points after six completed rounds.
Donnell Holmes is an American professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division.
Joe Louis Manley Jr. is an American former boxer who fought at light welterweight.
Bates has become something of a "comeback" opponent for veteran fighters such as Holyfield, Golota, and Meehan.
In a career spanning 23 bouts, Britt met 6 different Hall of Famers for a combined total of 10 fights; going 4-4-2.
In 1995, she and Chaparro had their first son.
Harry Dhami is a British former boxer who was British welterweight champion between 2000 and 2001, the first British Asian to win a British boxing title.
Lennart Kurt Risberg was a Swedish boxer.
Statistical boxing website BoxRec lists Kilbane as the #2 ranked featherweight of all-time, while The Ring Magazine founder Nat Fleischer placed him at #5.
Rocky was the 2010 Inductee for the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame Veterans catergory.
He was subsequently stripped of his title in May 2012 by the WBA due to his legal issues and apparent inability to make a defense.
In 1992 he became the Welsh super featherweight champion, taking the British title just five months later.
Barrera knocked him out in the second round.
His life was made into the film Surviving Auschwitz, in French and German.
He was born in Rogersville, Tennessee, but he moved with his family to Washington, Ohio when he was three years old.
Powell became Welsh area champion in both light heavyweight and heavyweight divisions in 1949, holding onto the heavyweight title until beaten by Tommy Farr in 1951.
Jesús Ángel Nerio is a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.
Gutknecht suffered a bleed in the skull and collapsed in the dressing room.
He was the WBO NABO middleweight champion.
On 26 June 2013, on his 35th birthday and following a twelve-year career, Arthur officially retired from boxing.
His most notable bouts include his four-fight saga with Manny Pacquiao and his fight against fellow Mexican Marco Antonio Barrera.
Vargas had one more win: two months after their first fight, Vargas once again challenged Canto, this time in Santiago.
Gerardo González, better known in the boxing world as Kid Gavilan, was a former World Welterweight Champion from Camagüey, Cuba.
He studied Korean language at Yonsei University in South Korea in March, 2007.
On December 26 of that year, she registered her first knockout win, defeating Adriana Francis in the first round.
Carlos Jesús Zárate Scott is a retired professional boxer from Mexico in the Light Welterweight division.
Richard Dunn is now retired and living in Scarborough.
Golden Demond Johnson is a professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
Limón challenged WBC world junior lightweight champion Alexis Argüello in February 1979, suffering an 11th-round knockout.
Hocine Khalfi was an Algerian-American boxer from Oran, Algeria.
After his release in 1995, he engaged in a series of comeback fights.
John Anthony Conteh, MBE is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1971 to 1980.
Alfonso Teofilo Brown, better known as Panama Al Brown, was a bantamweight boxer from Panama who made history by becoming boxing's first Hispanic world champion.
As an amateur, he represented Puerto Rico in international events including the 1991 World Amateur Boxing Championships, 1991 Pan American Games and the 1992 Summer Olympics.
When Waterman was 18 he became a professional and won the British welterweight title in 1956.
He is trained by his brother Ismail Keta, who was a professional kickboxer.
His managers were his stepfather Frank Morgan, and later Frank Churchill, who also trained Mike Ballerino, a former Jr. Lightweight champion.
Vasile Tiţă was a Romanian amateur middleweight boxer.
In January 1960, he lost a decision to Folley at the Cow Palace.
After that he started recovering and has taken part of anti-drugs campaigns.
Antonio Roldán Reyna was a Mexican boxer who competed in the featherweight division during his career as an amateur.
Hyland also boxed World Title Challenger Willie Casey for the EBU Title.
Damaen Kelly is a former professional boxer from Belfast, Northern Ireland, who represented the Ireland at the Olympics.
Tatevosyan faced has several future world champions, has lost to contenders Dmitry Pirog, Lucian Bute and Carl Froch.
Despite being considered a top contender, Folley never faced heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson.
Originally from the Van Nest section of the Bronx, La Starza fought 66 professional bouts from July 7, 1947 to May 8, 1961.
He is remembered for his success inside the ring, with his only professional losses coming to Juan Manuel Lopez and Martin Honorio.
The dismissal of Collins from Ring Magazine lead to the formation of the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board.
He is a godfather of Tomasz Adamek.
He continued boxing until 1971, though without winning another bout.
Shondell Alfred has 8 wins and 4 losses, with 3 wins by knockout.
Jason Booth is a British professional boxer who has competed in the flyweight, super flyweight, bantamweight and super bantamweight divisions.
As an amateur, Burnett won a gold medal at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in the light-flyweight division.
Born in Kabasalan, Zamboanga Sibugay, he currently resides in Sucat, Parañaque and is training under the Elorde Boxing Stable.
Charkey Ramon was managed and trained by Bernie Hall.
Fighting under the name "Bombardier Billy Wells", he was British and British Empire Champion from 1911 until 1919, defending his title fourteen times.
Konečný is widely considered to be the most successful boxer from the Czech Republic.
John McCormack, better known as Young McCormack, is an Irish former boxer who was Irish and British light heavyweight champion in the 1960s.
Dmytro Zamotayev is a Ukrainian amateur boxer in the Light flyweight division.
He was posthumously inducted into World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1994 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2009.
He is a two-time middleweight world champion, having held WBO title from 1991 to 1992, and the WBC title from 1993 to 1995.
The fight lasted over three hours before being declared a draw due to the darkness of evening setting in.
He, his wife and two children left California to retire at their family's cattle ranch outside of New Smyrna Beach, Florida in 1972.
Statistical boxing website BoxRec lists Petrolle as the #18 ranked lightweight of all-time.
Everett was killed by his girlfriend on May 26, 1977, after she found him with a transvestite.
He also competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
He won the Prizefighter series in May 2010 in the super bantamweight division, defeating Mark Moran, Josh Wale and Paul McElhinney.
Now, he gives shape training at Natbridge Boxing Club, Leyland, offering advice to younger fighters.
On the show "Contender Season 2", Cisneros was a member of the Gold Team.
He is the current WBC Asian Boxing Council Champion.
He later lost that title on May 19, 2008 to Yusuke Kobori who knocked him out in only 3 rounds.
Khoren Gevor is an Armenian-German professional boxer.
Manley was a two-time National Golden Gloves Super Heavyweight Champion.
He fought Roberto Santos on 11 April 2009 in the Arena of Malaga.
Later, he won the WBA lightweight title by knocking out Nicaraguan José Alfaro in the 3rd round on May 19, 2008.
Dávila lost world bantamweight championships matches three times, and temporarily left the sport.
Thomas "Tommy" Milligan) born in Shieldmuir, Wishaw was a Scottish professional welter/middleweight boxer of the 1920s.
Diaconu was born in Ploieşti, Romania, but fought out of Montreal, Quebec, Canada for almost his entire professional career.
His record was 38–2–1 at the time.
Curvis fought professionally from the mid-1940s until 1953, winning both the British and Commonwealth titles when he beat Wally Thom in 1952.
Knocking out holder Sean Murphy and getting his name on the coveted Lord Lonsdale British Championship belt.
He is a two-weight world champion, having held the IBF junior welterweight title from 2007 to 2008, and the WBA welterweight title from 2012 to 2013.
Carl Baker is a British former professional boxer who competed from 2003 to 2014.
In 2012 he won World Champion title again.
She was born on February 11, 1988, in South Haven, Michigan.
She is the daughter of Şenol Akar, who was between 1975-1980 an active amateur boxer in Giresun.
Santos debuted as a professional in 1996.
She is Australia's first female to capture both International Boxing Federation Bantamweight World Title & WBC World Bantamweight Title.
He is also an actor and model.
He has a record of 31-7-1, with 10 wins by knockout.
Dick was the son of Lionel Turpin who had been born in British Guyana and his wife, Beatrice Elizabeth Whitehouse.
The win against Silva, a second round knockout, came on December 28 of '81.
Kaylor had a role in a 1991 film entitled Real Money, directed by Ron Peck, and starring Jimmy Tibbs, Jimmy Flint, Steve Roberts and Jason Rowland.
He was the bronze medal winner at the 2005 European Union Amateur Boxing Championships held in Cagliari, Sardinia, Italy.
He competed for Guyana at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul under the name Adrian Carew before representing Great Britain at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
After his retirement from professional boxing, he was a California boxing referee and judge for over twenty years.
Peter Kane was one of England's greatest flyweight boxers and a world champion in the 1930s.
The bulk of his career has been in Argentina but he has also fought in Las Vegas, Niger, South Africa, Brazil, Venezuela and other countries.
Rigoberto Álvarez Barragán, is a Mexican Boxer in the Light Middleweight division.
Marion Wilson is an American heavyweight boxer.
Later that year Haugen lost a rematch with Camacho, again by split decision.
Rob Garcia is a professional boxing and conditioning coach, based out of San Diego, California.
As an amateur, Saunders represented Great Britain at the 2008 Olympics, reaching the second round of the welterweight bracket.
Harry Mason was a British boxer who was British champion at lightweight and welterweight and European champion at lightweight.
He was born in Milburn, Texas and was raised during the Great Depression.
He got his title with this left-hand punch, knocking out defending champion Ju-Do Chun.
Vince Dundee, the former New York State middleweight champion of the world was born Vincenzo Lazzara in Sicily in 1907.
He fought at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
In November 2016, he was rushed to a London hospital and had emergency surgery following a losing bout with George Groves.
He is a two-time former light-heavyweight world champion, having held the WBO title from 2009 to 2011, and the WBA title from 2013 to 2016.
Jorge Luis González is a former heavyweight boxing contender and prospect born in Havana, Cuba.
Edward Lamar Hopson is a former professional boxer.
His first world championship fight took place on July 3, 2000, when he lost to Will Grigsby for the World Boxing Organization's light flyweight championship.
Jamie McDonnell is a professional boxer from Hatfield, Doncaster, England who currently holds the WBA Regular World Bantamweight Title.
Sakata was the premier boxer in the Kyoei boxing gym before the arrival of Kōki Kameda in 2005.
He later moved up to super lightweight and won the WBF world title.
The birds can recognize particular individuals by their calls and are currently the subject of research into the evolution of human language.
He was also the only man to ever defeat the 7 foot 9 inch giant Gogea Mitu.
Canto broke the hearts of most Vargas fans on November 30, 1977 by defeating the hometown favorite, again by a fifteen-round decision.
He trained boxers such as Muhammad Ali, George Foreman and James Tillis.
He had great stamina, and eventually wore many of his opponents down with vicious attacks to the head and body.
In May 2005, he joined Hull City for £25,000, before joining Grimsby Town just eight months later in January 2006.
His managers were Jerome Gargano, Doc Cutch, Sammy Goldman and Red Walsh.
This was followed up later that year with a victory over Carlos Maussa to claim the WBA light-welterweight title, thereby becoming a unified world champion.
Bryan Lee Vera is an American professional boxer who fights at super middleweight.
He was the captain of the English amateur boxing team from 1980 to 1983 and European amateur champion in 1983.
After winning his first eight fights he fought Roy Skeldon for the vacant Midlands Area cruiserweight title in November 1985, taking the title on points.
Alfred then left boxing for a year and a half.
Min-Keun Oh is a former boxer from South Korea.
He later regained the title by beating Ryo Akaho.
Prior to the victory, he was knocked out on 9 April 2005 by Marco Antonio Barrera in the second round for the WBC championship.
He currently resides in Etobicoke, Ontario, and trains with Ryan Grant at Grant's MMA.
He fought in the Battle of Iwo Jima.
Abrar Hussain was professional Pakistani welterweight and Light-middleweight boxer.
Langford was the World Colored Heavyweight Champion, a title vacated, by Johnson, after he won the World Championship, a record five times.
Chester J. Rutecki was an American boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Arce remains a favorite fighter among boxing fans and is also the older brother of title contender Francisco Arce Armenta.
He is a former British, English, and WBU welterweight champion, as well as a world title challenger.
Carrera began his pro career in 2001 and captured the WBA middleweight title by knocking out Javier Castillejo in 2006.
He bounced back against Puerto Rican Jose Reyes with a knockout in the 6th round.
Ellis is a first name and surname of English and Welsh origin.
Ruben Edaurdo Acosta is an Argentine professional boxer.
Oscar Mathæus Nielsen, also known as Battling Nelson, was a Danish professional boxer who held the World Lightweight championship.
He turned professional in 1981, and after a successful career start he was named The Ring Prospect of the Year in 1983.
Up until that point, Dutra had an average of only one fight per year, and, being 33 already, that type of schedule did not help her.
He currently holds a professional record of 29-2.
Griffith won the bout by knockout; Paret never recovered consciousness and died in the hospital 10 days later.
In 1960 he was proclaimed South American Light Heavyweight Champion, a title he held until he vacated it in 1966.
Don Fullmer was an American professional boxer and a brother of the former world middleweight champion Gene Fullmer.
He retained the title in his first defence after stopping Hiroyuki Sakamoto in the fifth round.
He is also the first African-American selected as head coach of the American national boxing team.
he is a former British champion at welterweight.
Claude Noel is a former Tobagonian professional boxer.
He has been described as one of the greatest Ukrainian boxers.
Antonio Cervantes aka Kid Pambelé is a Colombian boxing trainer and former two time world Jr. Welterweight champion.
In an immediate rematch, Roldán put his Argentine title on the line and this time, he avenged his defeat to Arce with a two-round knockout win.
Andy Till is a British former boxer who was British light middleweight champion and WBC International super welterweight champion in the early 1990s.
Her personality and striking good looks are leading to experiences and endorsement opportunities beyond the sport she does so well.
Also, he was the heavyweight boxing champion of Samoa, and scored over 80 knockouts victories in both amateur and professional boxing.
He is a two-time world heavyweight champion, having held the WBA, IBF and WBO titles, as well as the IBO, Ring magazine, and lineal titles.
Silvestre is promoted by the former WBA & WBC Champion, Mexican Saúl Álvarez' company Canelo Promotions.
His next match was against Mexican legend Erik Morales on March 27, 2010 for the vacant WBC International Welterweight.
King Levinsky, also known as Kingfish Levinsky, was an American heavyweight boxer who fought during the 1930s.
He relinquished it 1973 to move up to the welterweight class, but did not fight for a major title until his retirement in 1978.
Her first trainer, Ramon Chaparro, would many years later become her husband.
Vicente Paúl Rondón was a Venezuelan professional boxer who won the WBA light heavyweight title.
Three years earlier, Singer and Canzoneri had battled to a 10-round draw.
In the later competition, he defeated Swedish pugilist Stig Cederberg to win the bronze medal in the Bantamweight class.
Tsuyoshi Hamada is a retired Japanese professional boxer who is a former WBC world junior welterweight champion.
On September 26, 2006 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, Grady defeated Steve Forbes for the Contender title and championship by split decision.
In 2016, Mayweather was ranked by ESPN as the greatest boxer, pound for pound, of the last 25 years.
Jem Smith was a bare-knuckle prize fighter and Heavyweight Champion of England in the late 19th century and into the early 20th century.
Dimitri Kirilov is a Russian professional boxer.
Billy Soose was an American boxer who won the world middleweight championship in 1941.
Jacobs at various points in his career held the British, Commonwealth, and European welterweight titles, as well as unsuccessfully challenging Pernell Whitaker for his WBC crown.
This failure to be properly trained led to him being soundly beaten by a full-time landscaper/journeymen boxer in Andrew Hernandez.
Jason Cook is a professional boxer, who fights under the nickname "The Power".
He is a former European Union heavyweight champion and has challenged for the world heavyweight title.
Born in the province of Mindoro, Francisco currently resides in Agoncillo, Batangas.
Michael Seals is a professional light heavy weight boxer from Atlanta, Georgia.
She died in a car-accident on 4 January 2009.
Bernard Taylor is a retired boxer from the United States, who competed in the featherweight division.
Alfredo "Fred" Apostoli was a rugged, accomplished body punching middleweight, who was recognized as the world champion when he defeated Marcel Thil on September 23, 1937.
Juan Herrera is a retired Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division.
After four victories over marginal competition, Bean secured yet another title shot against Evander Holyfield for the WBA and IBF Heavyweight titles.
Tom Paddock, born Thomas Paddock also known as the Redditch Needlepointer was a champion English bare-knuckle boxer in the early Victorian era.
In 2006 he was a contestant on season two of the Contender reality TV show, where he reached the semi-finals.
Vitali Volodymyrovych Klitschko is a Ukrainian politician and former professional boxer.
On 28 August 2015 the UDAR party merged into Petro Poroshenko Bloc.
In 1987, Choi became the IBF Flyweight champion with an 11 round KO win over Dodie Boy Penalosa in Quezon City, Philippines.
After bill ladbury's death in 1917 his friends donated 60 guineas to the war memorial of his hospital war memorial extension.
At the 1976 Summer Olympics he won the Heavyweight bronze medal.
Arash Usmanee is an Afghan professional boxer.
During World War II, at the age of 16, Barone joined the United States Marine Corps using his brother's name.
Ross became a world champion in three weight divisions and was a decorated veteran of World War II.
José Manuel "Josesito" López is an American professional boxer and world title challenger.
Jay Lambert was an American competitor in boxing in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
His killing was allegedly inspired by sectarianism.
He's also the younger brother of title contender Alberto Sandoval.
On May 12, 2012, Fuchigami fought Gennady Golovkin for the WBA and IBO Middleweight championship of the world in Kiev, Ukraine.
He racked up a ring record of 22 wins against 18 losses and five draws.
The Ring Record Book and Boxing Encyclopedia suggests McFarland was the best fighter to never become a world champion.
However, shortly afterwards the United States entered World War II and Mancini was drafted, denying him the chance to fight for the championship.
He last fought in September 2008, when he lost a six rounds decision to a comebacking Ray Mercer in Karlstad, Sweden.
She was educated in physical education at Fırat University in Elazığ.
He died on 21 June 1980, a few days before his 37th birthday in a motor vehicle accident at Cecil Payne Park in Roodepoort South Africa.
Hernandez lost to Jesús Chávez on May 28, 2005, in a fight that, had he won, would have led him to another world title fight.
Harry LaSane was a featherweight professional boxer from Texas.
Arturo is a former WBA Fedecentro, WBO Latino, and WBO Inter-Continental Light Welterweight Champion.
Ken Rowlands was a Welsh light heavyweight boxer.
Jermain Taylor is an American former professional boxer who competed from 2001 to 2014.
Paipharob Kokietgym is a Thai professional boxer in the strawweight division and is the former interim World Boxing Association strawweight champion.
Nicknamed "Dangerous", Bami is a former European light welterweight champion and British light welterweight title challenger.
He lost to Jason Booth for his old British super-bantamweight belt in Sunderland in October 2009.
The first to travel the globe in defending his title, Tommy made 11 title defences despite often being the underdog due to his size.
He is a two-time former European middleweight champion and a world title challenger.
Brown proceeded to win her first seven fights as a professional, including victories over Sue Chase, Sonya Emery and Suzanne Riccio.
She is ranked as the #1 female light middleweight boxer all-time by the Boxrec.
He was arrested on suspicion of trafficking Yaba in Lop Buri on January 8, 2012.
In 2002, De La Hoya founded Golden Boy Promotions, a combat sport promotional firm.
He is the father of basketball player Marcin Gortat of the Washington Wizards and boxer Robert Gortat.
He died of a heart attack in his San Francisco home on January 21, 1940 and was interred at Holy Cross Cemetery.
In 2013, he was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
Charles Manyuchi is a Zimbabwean professional boxer who is the WBC, international welterweight champion since March 2014.
Salvador Sánchez Narváez was a Mexican boxer born in the town of Santiago Tianguistenco, Estado de México.
Dong-Kyun Yum is a former professional boxer from South Korea.
Karim Guerfi is a French professional boxer.
Greg Peralta was a popular performer during the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
Mike Jimenez is an American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.
He also represented Argentina at the 1992 Barcelona Olympic Games.
During his career he amassed a number of regional championships, most significantly the British super-featherweight title twice, from 1999 to 2004.
Walters is now a boxing trainer and promoter.
Charlie Mohr was a middleweight college boxer for the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Marcellus Joseph Johnson, better known as Mark "Too Sharp" Johnson, is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1990 to 2006.
As an amateur, Spinks won numerous medals in the light heavyweight division.
Vargas is best known for his heated rivalries against Oscar De La Hoya, Shane Mosley, and Ricardo Mayorga.
He was a ringside analyst for HBO's boxing coverage for twelve years until 2004.
Alejandro Félix Montiel is a Mexican professional boxer and a former IBA flyweight champion.
Another brother, Jay, was also active in boxing.
He was married three times, first to Geraldine Nichols, and then to Helen Green and last to Betty Brown.
He beat Billy Bessey in the opening round, before losing to Martin Rogan, the eventual winner, in the semi-final.
Clancy was Griffith's first and only trainer and guided him to world championships in the welterweight and middleweight classes.
Dominguez retired after 2006, but returned in 2013 and has enjoyed success in the Argentine professional boxing circuit as a Heavyweight since.
In the second round, he lost to the Irish boxer, Michael Conlan, losing by 19 points to 8.
Born John Haines or John W. Haynes, the 6' tall Klondike fought out of Chicago as a heavyweight at a weight of 190 to 200 lbs.
Daniel Peter "Danny" Williams is a British professional boxer.
On March 28, 2009, López defeated Pramuansak Phosuwan to win the WBO's super flyweight world championship.
Canzoneri is a member of the exclusive group of boxing world champions who have won titles in three or more divisions.
Barry Michael is an Australian former boxer.
Balletto turned pro just 10 days before his 21st birthday, amassing a 30–3–2 record in a 10-year career of boxing.
Joseph "Joe" Murray is a former amateur boxer from Levenshulme, Manchester, England.
Tatevosyan made his professional debut on January 29, 2000, when he beat countryman Alexander Komarov on technical knockout in the fourth round.
He earned his nickname of "The Bodysnatcher" due to his ability to land vicious body punches in fights.
In 2007, Arroyo ascended to the flyweight division, winning the division's title at the 2007 Pan American Games.
Based in Newport, Trigg's professional career spanned from 1952 to 1959 and he held the Welsh light heavyweight title from 1956 to 1958.
This year Gainer started Fit Nation which is a childhood obesity program with goals to help kids make healthy life style changes.
During the 1970s, he was a media darling in Spain.
In 1995, Choi became the WBA super featherweight champion with a technical KO win over Victor Hugo Paz.
He died early on 22 September 2010.
He is best known for winning the BBBofC Scottish Area Welterweight Championship by defeating Willie Whyte on 3 October 1953 at King's Hall, Belfast, United Kingdom.
Next year he turned professional and in 1969 won the South American heavyweight title.
Sheehan was born in Clonmel, Ireland a former amateur boxer with a record of 203 wins and 18 losses.
In a match for the European Title, Hunter was knocked down twice en route to a majority decision victory.
He is the former WBC Light Flyweight Champion and went on to make eleven title defences.
Eric is the younger brother of one-time world title challenger Reynante Jamili.
Witherspoon's style was that of a pressure fighter, using an unusual cross-arm guard similar to Ken Norton, with a strong and fast overhand right.
After retiring from boxing, Schmeling worked for the Coca-Cola Company.
His second loss was a majority decision loss to Ondrej Pala on 6 March 2009.
His promoter was Box Latino, the same company that promoted Erik Morales.
Beristain is a member of the Boxing Hall of Fame and is considered one of the greatest trainers in the history of boxing.
His parents wanted him to become a doctor, but he made his own decision.
In 2002, Escobar was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
In hindsight the right decision, because the Franconian metropolis was in need of a "Lokalmatador", a role into which Awdijan fits perfectly.
He was one of the first reported Heavyweight Champions of Australia.
He's the former WBA Fedebol, WBA Fedecentro, and WBC FECOMBOX Lightweight Champion.
He was born Rocco Tozzo on April 21, 1893 in Italy and came to America in 1898.
Reporter Bill Farnsworth, Jr. wrote, "Wes Ramey … came to Fort Hamilton last night and haunted Joey Costa, the New Jersey lad.
Dan Donnelly was a professional boxing pioneer and the first Irish-born heavyweight champion.
Then in 2003, Barney defeated Dean Francis for the British super middleweight title.
In 1955 Dione won the European Boxing Union welterweight title and defended it once before losing it to Emilio Marconi in 1956.
Adams is considered a legend among boxing culture, once going 22 straight World championship bouts without a loss.
In his career, he has faced a mixed bag of competition—some legitimate contenders, some who were nothing more than professional opponents.
Since turning pro, he has teamed up with Assassin Boxing Promotions and is being trained by world class trainer, Paschal Collins.
He scored notable stoppages of heavyweight contenders such as Thad Spencer, Cleveland Williamsand Zora Folley.
José María Flores Burlón is a former boxer from Uruguay.
Later in that year he was well enough to fight Jacombs at Banbury.
Armand Carlos Netsing Takam, best known as Carlos Takam, is a Cameroonian-French professional boxer and former WBC Silver heavyweight champion.
Ronnie James was a former British Lightweight boxing champion.
He boxed with great courage and determination to reach the final and was pitted against the Indian boxer Som Bahadur Pun.
Alexander Flores is a Mexican American professional boxer in the Heavyweight division.
In Jack Johnson's 1927 autobiography, Johnson stated that:
Bueno is also the trainer of current WBC Light Flyweight Champion, Adrián Hernández.
Horacio Enrique Accavallo is an Argentine retired flyweight boxer who fought from 1956 until 1967.
Denis Pat Brady was a lightweight professional boxer from Connecticut.
His younger brother, Wladimir, is a former unified world heavyweight champion.
Russell was voted Prospect of the Year for 2011 by The Ring magazine, Sports Illustrated, and ESPN.
he died of natural causes at the age of 70.
Sullivan's seconds were Billy Madden and Joe Goss.
He had the highest audience share for a network boxing event on NBC with Larry Holmes vs. Marvis Frazier
He held the IBF featherweight title from 2011 to 2013, and previously the IBO super-featherweight title in 2008.
The win put Spina, currently ranked sixth in the world among light heavyweights by the World Boxing Association, back into world title contention.
He is managed by Colombian promoter Billy Chams and trained by Cartagena-born Orlando Pineda.
Gerald Washington is an American professional boxer in the Heavyweight division.
Shane Aaron Cameron is a New Zealand professional boxer.
He played for the Dallas Cowboys and Chicago Bears.
Born in Cardiff, Bennett was notable for becoming the Welsh lightweight champion in 1993.
He received several posthumous recognitions and his name was used in several sports venues and buildings.
Others include "The King of Sting", "The Dancing Destroyer", "The Prince of Punch", and "The Count of Monte Fisto".
Nuri Seferi is a professional boxer who competes out of Burgdorf, Switzerland.
He is a former WBC Silver featherweight champion and a multiple-time world title challenger.
In her next bout, Laracuente beat future world champion Daniela Somers by a unanimous decision in Miami.
This was until he began training at Glendale Fighting Club and subsequently lost anything resembling a world class team and fight preparation.
In 1985, Pintor defeated Juan Meza to win the WBC super bantamweight title, but lost to Samart Payakaroon in his first defense the following year.
He won his first 18 bouts, 17 of them by knockout.
Yordan Frómeta, is a Cuban amateur boxer who has won U17 and junior world titles at featherweight.
Pat Barrett is a British former boxer and now a boxing trainer and promoter.
Edwards was Wales middleweight champion from 1957 until his retirement in 1962.
Carpentier was known for his speed, his excellent boxing skills and his extremely hard punch.
He is a former British lightweight champion.
Christy Renea Martin is a former American world champion boxer.
Marlen Esparza was voted the Houston Fighter Of The Year for 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014.
Despite a poor professional record, he once fought for a world boxing title.
George Henry "Kid" Lavigne was boxing's first widely recognized World Lightweight champion, winning the title on June 1, 1896.
Leigh has lived in the Nottinghamshire borough of Gedling for all his life and regularly travels to Ingles Gym in Sheffield to train.
On July 28 of 2000, she got her last career win, beating Larissa Smith in Boston by a six-round decision.
Syria is subdivided in a hierarchical manner into:
The WBA & WBC had mandated that Burruni fight Hiroyuki Ebihara.
Berbick was also the last boxer to fight Muhammad Ali, defeating him in 1981.
James Joseph "Gene" Tunney was an American professional boxer who competed from 1915 to 1928.
He is also ranked as the world's third best boxer, pound for pound, by the TBRB and BoxRec; and fourth by The Ring.
In the previous year he took in the South Asian Games.
Kevin Mitchell is a British former professional boxer who competed from 2003 to 2015.
Vargas was born in Santa María Natívitas, a small community located in the municipality of Cuautepec, Hidalgo, into a family of boxing aficionados.
His son Kai Robin Havnaa is also a boxer in the cruiserweight division, currently undefeated as a professional.
Francesco Damiani is an Italian former professional boxer who competed from 1985 to 1993.
Kelly Dee Burden, fighting under the name Brian Kelly, was an American professional boxer.
On December 13, 1935, Uzcudun made the mistake of coming out of retirement to meet Joe Louis.
He was inducted into the Ring Magazine Hall of Fame in 1960 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1995.
The motive for his suicide was not entirely clear.
Among the top heavyweight contenders he defeated was Two-Ton Tony Galento, who fought Joe Louis for the heavyweight championship.
He is the current OPBF super bantamweight champion.
Kolodziej is the current IBF Inter-Continental Cruiserweight champion.
Harry Haft was a survivor of the Auschwitz concentration camp where he boxed fellow inmates to survive.
He is currently trained by Don Turner.
He is a former holder of the British, Commonwealth and WBU cruiserweight titles.
Bonnie Canino is a former women's boxing world featherweight champion for two different associations.
Although he most commonly fought in the Welterweight division, he has competed at a number of weight divisions up and down on either side.
Called the "Greatest Fighter Nobody Knows", by ESPN, many boxing historians consider Langford to be one of the greatest fighters of all time.
He also competed in the 1998 Goodwill Games, in the 75 kg weight class, losing to Jean-Paul Mendy of France in the quarterfinals.
From 1914 to 1919 he had a record of 65-7-10.
Goss arrived on 15 April 1876 and spent the Spring and Summer travelling the country with the circus.
López's first championship opportunity was against Alberto Jiménez for the World Boxing Organization's flyweight title, in a contest that he lost by unanimous decision.
In the Quarter finals, however Elena lost to Ren Cancan of China 7-12.
Afterwards he won the WBO Inter-Continental Super Middleweight title, and the EBU Super Middleweight title.
Michel Soro is a French professional boxer.
light middleweight to 158 1⁄4 lb, i.e.
He was born in Osaka Prefecture, grew up in Sakai city, and currently lives in Osaka.
During his boxing prime he was 6 ft 5 in tall, with an 84 in reach, and weighed about 245 lb.
He also won Prizefighter in the super flyweight division in 2011.
With an efficient defense, Silverberg was knocked out only once in his career by Willie LaMorte in 1926.
He is a former EBU bantamweight champion.
España's next fight was another challenge for the WBA lightweight title, but this time Ray Mancini knocked him out in six rounds in July 1982.
In 2007, 2010, 2014, and 2016, he won the World Boxing Council Caribbean Boxing Federation Light Middleweight title.
Aileen LeBell Eaton was a boxing and professional wrestling promoter who was influential in the United States' west coast's boxing and wrestling scene for five decades.
Gallagher since has worked almost forty years as a trainer, manager, promoter, and gym owner and operator.
Augusto Caesar Amonsot, more commonly known as Czar Amonsot, is a Filipino professional boxer.
He currently holds the Dutch and BeNeLux Super Featherweight titles.
Michael "Mike" Williams is an American former professional boxer.
Vincent Gregory "Vince" Hawkins was British middleweight boxer who became British champion in 1946.
Burns was the first heavyweight champion to fight with a Jewish challenger, defeating Joseph "Jewey" Smith in a fight staged in Paris.
"He will be a champion," said McGirt.
He was married but he and his wife had no children.
Oktay Urkal is a Turkish-German former professional boxer.
Víctor Manuel Pasillas is an undefeated Mexican American professional boxer in the Featherweight division and is trained by former IBF Champion boxer Roberto Garcia Cortez.
Tim Tracey had been training Morgan in the build up for the 1928 Olympic games in Amsterdam.
Fritzie Zivic, born as Ferdinand Henry John Zivcich, was an American boxer who held the world welterweight championship from October 4, 1940, until July 29, 1941.
Podgorski again, was re-elected, this time as Committeeman of Chicago's 38th ward in March 2016.
Also known as David Izon, Izonritei won the Heavyweight silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Nevertheless, Nakajima was crowned the title via a unanimous decision with his quick blows and footwork.
Carter's autobiography, titled The Sixteenth Round, which he wrote while he was in prison, was published in 1975 by Warner Books.
Omar Niño Romero is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Flyweight division.
Urbano Antillón is a Mexican-American former professional boxer.
Fellow Brazilian Eder Jofre, generally recognized as the greatest world champion to come out of that country, was one of Freitas' childhood heroes.
He knocked the Italian down but lost a fifteen-round unanimous decision.
His professional record concluded 28-13-2, losing his last eight fights.
Stribling toyed with him, and eventually knocked him senseless with a right hand to the jaw.
Peter Maher was an Irish boxer known for his powerful punch.
Ignacio Esparza Lozano is a Mexican professional boxer in the Cruiserweight division.
The second fight he lost by decision.
Ricardo Mijares is a Mexican professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the younger brother of former two-time World Champion, Cristian Mijares.
Marijan Beneš is a former Yugoslavian boxer from Bosnia and Herzegovina, still considered one of the best in Yugoslav history.
Having begun his professional career in 2001, Cotto defeated Kelson Pinto for the WBO light welterweight title in 2004.
In his professional career he twice fought for world titles at middleweight, losing to Julian Jackson and Roy Jones, Jr. respectively.
Gibbons, known in the ring as "The Godfather", made his professional debut in 2007 at a professional show in Tennessee.
He is a former WBA interim middleweight champion, and holds notable victories over Grady Brewer and Jorge Navarro.
Gary De'Roux is a retired former professional boxer, boxing trainer, manager and British Boxing Board of Control Ltd Inspector.
But he would end up losing after 76 rounds, in another one of the sport's longest matches.
He was successful at a domestic level, but his career was curtailed by ill-health.
She was born in Gaâfour, a town in north-west Tunisia.
He lost the final eliminator against Bunny Johnson in October after a tenth-round knockout at the King's Hall in Manchester.
His brother Yoel Romero is a freestyle wrestler and mixed martial artist.
José Jesús Silvestre is a Mexican professional boxer and the former WBA World Minimumweight Interim Champion.
In his later years he worked as a trainer and sparring partner for both black and white fighters training for important bouts.
He is a two-time world heavyweight champion, having first won the WBO title in 2000 after an upset corner stoppage over then-undefeated Vitali Klitschko.
James Patrick "Shea" Neary is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1992 to 2000.
Zale was born and raised in Gary, Indiana, a steel town, which gave him his nickname, "Man of Steel."
Wright faced undefeated Anthony Small at light middleweight.
Julius Jackson is a professional boxer from the Virgin Islands who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at light-heavyweight just like his brother John Jackson.
Sulecki is signed with American adviser Al Haymon.
Mark Medal, was a professional boxer in the Light Middleweight division.
Marcos López, better known as Marcos Geraldo, is a retired Mexican boxer who was Mexican champion at both middleweight and light heavyweight.
He competed in the featherweight division at the 1964 Olympics and won a silver medal.
The name "Jhonny" originated as a misspelling of "Johnny" on his birth registration form.
Williams is best known for scoring an upset knockout victory over Mike Tyson in 2004, which earned him a mandatory WBC heavyweight title opportunity.
middleweight, he was managed by Dave Yack, and Frank "Blinky" Palermo, he struggled with his health for many years.
Being a dedicated fan of Sunderland Football Club, Hardy normally fought wearing red and white striped shorts, the club colours.
Sturholdt died in St. Louis, Missouri, where he worked as a painter and cabinet maker.
Robert W. Edgren opined that "knocking the Iron Man down with fists is a waste of time and effort, for he keeps getting up.
Her mother raised heavy objections soon after she started to perform boxing, and she tried hard to convince her parents.
Her first win came on March 12, 1998, when she outpointed Jayla Ortiz over four rounds in Santa Fe.
Age was starting to catch up with the old warhorse, though he was still fighting in main events.
Czyz was born in Orange, New Jersey.
Murray compiled a 15-win, 2-loss, no draws record.
Ryo Miyazaki is a Japanese professional boxer in the Light Flyweight division and a former WBA World Minimumweight champion.
It was there that he started to train for boxing.
Paez's nickname of "El Maromero" is in honor of the somersault acts he performs at the circus.
When he passed his gloves to Duff's PR Norman Giller in the ring, Ali told Giller to look inside.
Isaac Bustos was a Mexican boxer in the Minimumweight division.
McCune is a current private coach and trainer for amateur and professional boxers.
He died of brain injuries two days later, aged 25.
He won the IBF heavyweight title in 1987, but holds the unenviable distinction of being the shortest-reigning world heavyweight champion in history, at only 64 days.
His current record is 39 wins, four losses and a draw, with 21 wins coming by way of knockout.
The draw came after Carrasco had won 83 consecutive fights.
Juan Domingo Roldán is an Argentine former boxer whose nickname was Martillo.
Lorenzo G. Villanueva, is a Filipino professional boxer in the Featherweight class.
He competed in the featherweight event at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He did the same to Elio Rojas, a featherweight titlist who made it known he was taking Shemuel lightly in workouts.
Thomas Glanville "Tommy" Davies was a Welsh Middleweight boxer.
Jacobsen finally got the best of Galloway in the 3rd fight by decision.
As an amateur he fought at super heavyweight and was the number one rated U.S. amateur boxer in the division.
Omar Alonzo Chávez Carrasco, best known as Omar Chávez, is a Mexican professional boxer and the current WBC Youth Intercontinental welterweight champion.
Along with Evander Holyfield, Haye is one of only two boxers to have unified the cruiserweight world titles and become a world heavyweight champion.
Mark de Mori is an Australian professional boxer who fights at heavyweight.
Steve Molitor is a Canadian former professional boxer.
Henry Namauu is an American Professional Boxer.
Gill became a world champion in kickboxing at the age of 21.
Deandre Latimore is an American professional boxer and world title challenger.
He moved to the United States at a young age and grew up in the Bay Area where he still lives.
McEwan turned professional in 2006 and is currently fighting at middleweight.
According to his former managers, Sam died after battling liver and kidney failure.
After studying the fight, WBA officials concluded that Serrano and his team were right and the cut was produced by a headbutt.
Jesse Hart is an American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.
Kip Andre Diggs is an American professional boxer who has a record of 30-5 who held the NABF and IBO and The Ring welterweight titles.
Henry Bruseles born in Gurabo, Puerto Rico is a Puerto Rican professional boxer who fights in the light welterweight division.
The second fight Rodak won by decision in Hollywood, California.
González defended the title two times before losing the belt to Guts Ishimatsu in 11/4/1974 via KO in the 8 round.
He is the step-son of former European Middleweight champion Khoren Gevor, who is also his trainer.
He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and died in Rochester, New York.
The International Boxing Research Organization rates Genaro as the 6th best flyweight ever.
Vernon Forrest was an American professional boxer who competed from 1992 to 2008.
Fox accepted and was on his way.
William Frederick Spengler was an American boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Terry Dunstan is a British former boxer who was British and European cruiserweight champion and fought for the IBF world title.
Carmen "Nick" Barone was an American boxer, a ranked contender in the light heavyweight division and heavyweight divisions during the late 1940s and 1950s.
César Seda Pacheco Jr. is a Puerto Rican professional boxer.
He currently plays for the Queensland Reds in the Super Rugby competition in Australia.
The Jeffries fight resulted in Jeffries' first defeat.
He is the current WBC International champion, having held the title from April 2015 to present.
Since his retirement in 1999, Welch has worked alongside his old coach Dave Brown, as head trainer at the Brighton and Hove ABC.
Manoel "Manny" Santos was a Tongan-born New Zealand professional light/light welterweight boxer of the 1960s and 1970s.
Tony Zale, born Anthony Florian Zaleski was an American boxer.
Australia U-19Australia Schoolboys | ru_sevensnationalcomp = 2 | ru_sevensnationalyears = 2016 | ru_sevensnationalteam = Australia | ru_amateurclubs = | ru_clubyears = 2007
Her father Clement Adalo is a retired medical officer and her mother is Gertrude Auma.
He had a twin brother, Willard, known as "Big Boy" Hogue, who also boxed in this era.
Boxed as an amateur for the Focus ABC, Peterborough - Trainer : Terry Shufflebottom and Raf Tuccillo.
LaMotta's six fight rivalry with Sugar Ray Robinson is one of the most notable in the sport, with LaMotta winning just one of the bouts.
Daud "Cino" Yordan is an Indonesian professional boxer and the former IBO Featherweight and Lightweight Champion.
Leo Florian Hauck was an American boxer.
Alfredo Xeque is a former Mexican light flyweight boxer, based in Campeche, who competed from 1985 to 1992.
Brown was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1996.
Educated at Birkdale High School he is based in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire and is a former British super featherweight champion.
Hernández is a former two-time WBC Light Flyweight Champion.
O'Neil Bell was a Jamaican professional boxer who competed from 1998 to 2011.
He coaches amateur boxers at the Boys and Girls Club and trains along with them.
The former star was soon recognized and the prisoners organized a fight between him and Emil Cornelius, a former criminal and hated Kapo.
As an amateur he won the gold medal at the 2012 Olympics.
Laracuente's debuted as a professional boxer on February 12, 1997, against Karen Nye, whom Laracuente beat.
With an undefeated amateur record of 12-0 with nine knock outs, she went professional in 1994.
Loi fought from 1948 to 1962, and retired with a record of 115 wins, 3 losses and 8 draws.
Carter and Artis were tried and convicted twice for the murders, and both served time in Rahway State Prison.
For the better part of 30 years, Gigante feigned insanity in an effort to throw law enforcement off his trail.
He won an Olympic bronze medal in 1968.
His younger brothers, Daiki and Tomoki, are also professional boxers.
Roldán in this fight had the moment that probably defines his career better.
Robert Manzanárez Sandoval is an American professional boxer in the Bantamweight division and fights out of Los Mochis, Sinaloa, Mexico.
Floyd Havard is a Welsh former super featherweight boxer.
Duffy won his first professional fight by knockout over Skin Doherty in 1884 at the age of 19.
He has challenged twice for unified world heavyweight titles, in 2008 and 2012, both times against Wladimir Klitschko.
He is a former EBU Super Featherweight champion.
He grew up in Pesaro Marche, Italy.
As an amateur he held an Irish national title and represented Ireland in the 1972 Olympic Games.
He won the WBC and WBA titles in 1996, after defeating Frank Bruno and Bruce Seldon by knockout.
Harmon was a top welterweight contender for a number of years in the mid-1920s.
Asloum is the former WBA light flyweight world champion.
Morris was ranked #7 at the time of his death and #5 when the WBO discovered the error.
The are currently plans to have a rematch.
Several sources also credit him with taking the Welterweight Wrestling Championship of the World in December 1907.
Hamm was the #1 Super-Heavyweight Amateur boxer in the United States in 2011 after winning the 2011 U.S. Nationals.
He has a brother, Joy Ali who is also ranked internationally.
Woodhouse stated that he had "fallen out of love" with football and decided to turn to professional boxing, despite no previous experience.
Carlos Hernández is a retired Salvadoran American boxer.
After Pierce's death in July 2002, Gliebe was appointed the new Chairman by the Board of Directors.
On 4 February 2011 he won the vacant NABA Canada heavyweight title in a match against Johnnie White.
She was born in Brzezice, a village in eastern Poland.
However Hodkinson never allowed the Puerto Rican to settle, hitting him with a barrage of combination punches until the referee intervened.
Vicente Escobedo is an American professional boxer of Mexican descent.
He returned in 2011, winning five consecutive fights and defeating Sam Soliman in 2014 to claim the IBF middleweight title for a second time.
Colin McMillan is an English retired professional boxer.
He trained under Satoshi Koguchi at Koguchi Boxing Gym in Tokyo.
He has a career professional record of 35 wins and 5 defeats.
He was working as a debt-collector as of 2009.
He is a former WBC light middleweight champion and was the first winner of NBC's The Contender series.
Charles "Chuck" Wepner is an American former professional boxer who fought at heavyweight.
Arif Magomedov is a professional boxer in the Middleweight division.
Gabriel Campillo is a Spanish former professional boxer who competed from 2002 to 2015, and held the WBA light-heavyweight title from 2009 to 2010.
He won the WBC title in 1995 after defeating Oliver McCall at a packed Wembley Stadium.
She's best known for being the first ever Women's WBC Champion.
In April 1966 Mildenberger had a five-round exhibition in Sweden with former world champion Ingemar Johansson.
Rhys Roberts is a super-bantamweight boxer from Manchester, England.
He hails from Birmingham and currently boxes for Frank Warren's Sports Network.
Tracy Harris Patterson,, is a former boxer who became a two weight world champion.
George Cornelius "Con" O'Kelly was an Irish sport wrestler who competed for Great Britain in the 1908 Summer Olympics, where he won a gold medal.
Idrissa Dione is a retired French boxer who was active between 1951 and 1958.
Her first professional fight came on May 14, 1997, when she defeated Dolores Lira by a four round decision, at Worley.
Dmitry Yurievich Pirog is a Russian former professional boxer who competed from 2005 to 2012.
He is a former EBU Cruiserweight champion.
Daniel "Danny" Jacobs is an American professional boxer who held the WBA middleweight title from 2014 to 2017.
In spite of this, Jack Johnson, the first black world heavyweight champion, gave him a title shot.
Alcorn won a ten-round split decision over Rakoczy, by carrying the fight to Rakoczy aggressively.
Israel Héctor Enrique Perez is a featherweight boxer from Argentina, who represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
challenge at the Metro Radio Arena in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
Mark Jason Melligen is a retired Filipino professional boxer.
Before turning professional he represented Great Britain at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.
Jimmy Cable, is a retired English professional light middleweight boxer.
Ray Austin is an American professional boxer who challenged for the IBF and IBO heavyweight titles in 2007.
The Gestapo arrested him in June 1942, and he was interned in Neuengamme concentration camp.
Billy didn't turn pro but in the late 1960s Bob Jones wrote the following about young Billy:
Championship fights did not convert from 15 rounds to 12 rounds until 1982, and 1988.
He won the gold medal, defeating Issake Dabore of Niger in the final.
Toughs broke into the ring and ganged up on Brain.
His recent fight was with Eduardo Flores with a record of 16−11−3.
He knocked cold every topnotcher he met on the continent.
He held the WBO cruiserweight title in 2009 and the IBF cruiserweight from 2015 to 2016.
Augustus T. "Gus" Platts was a British boxer who was British and European middleweight champion.
Since his defeat to Marquez, Gainer lost in a challenge to WBA titleholder Chris John via unanimous decision.
Syed Saim Ahmed is an English middleweight boxer.
He fought Bruce Woodcock for the British Commonwealth Heavyweight title in 1945.
Welliver was then rated in the top 10 for some time by both the WBC and WBO after picking up numerous titles from limited opposition.
After a few fights in Lima, he had his first loss against Luiz Ignacio, in São Paulo.
division, and won the 2000 Chicago Golden Gloves Open division 156 lb.
He fought 86 times between 1919 and 1929; winning 54, losing 25 and drawing 7.
Johnson dominated the six-round fight and by one estimate scored seventeen knockdowns, but Grim again made it to the final bell.
Joe-John Daniel "JJ" Bird is a professional boxer who is also known for being a contestant in reality television series Big Brother.
He retired in 1964, with a record of 39 wins, 29 losses, and 8 draws.
Following his retirement from boxing, he remains popular in Japan as a tarento having signed a contract with Ohta Productions.
Ronald Gavril is a Romanian professional boxer of Mayweather Promotions TMT and current NABF super middleweight champion.
He is a former Commonwealth and WBO Inter-Continental super featherweight champion.
He was posthumously inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame, Pioneers Category in 2008.
He died as a result of injuries sustained in his last fight.
Born Cecil Thompson, his name was changed when he decided to become a professional fighter.
He is a two-time world heavyweight champion, having held the WBC title in 1984, and the WBA title in 1986.
Evgeny Pavlovich Gradovich is a Russian professional boxer who held the IBF featherweight title from 2013 to 2015.
He beat Elijah Kwenaetsile with a points victory.
He is one of just fourteen world boxing champions to retire without a loss.
Rojas never challenged for a world title again, and retired in 2005 after a loss to Herman Ngoudjo.
And also was trained in Tipton at William Perrys Amateur Boxing Club.
The hard punching Lang went overseas in 1910 and fought Al Kaufman in the United States.
He is known to have participated in 37 fights, winning 19 and losing 14.
Rolando Bohol is a Filipino former professional boxer who competed from 1984 to 1994.
Richard "Dicky" Eklund Jr. is an American former professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
His fragile appearance earned him many epithets, including 'the Bionic Bantam' and 'the Merthyr Matchstick'.
That led to the publication of the Computer Boxing Update, an annual record book that tracked the results of fights around the world.
He was a member of Croy Miners Amateur Boxing Club.
On January 11, 2011, Hanna won by TKO to retain the World Championship Title against her rival, Melisenda Pérez.
In his career, he has amassed a record of 14 wins, 5 losses, and 4 draws.
Additionally, he challenged for the lineal middleweight title in 2007.
After 14 bouts, he fought Carl Peñalosa for the Philippine lightweight title but lost on points.
From 2007 to 2010 he held the WBO light flyweight title, defending it six times as well as winning the Lineal and Ring magazine titles.
Tommy Brooks is a boxing trainer and a former boxer.
He has been ranked as high as 10th by the IBF and is currently ranked 14th.
In a rematch for the belt, Wilson beat Lemos again by decision in Los Angeles, California.
Tim Brooks was a professional boxer in the light welterweight division.
In 1932 he finished fourth in the bantamweight class.
Early in his career, he moved to Venezuela due to the lack of opponents in his division.
Takalani Ndlovu, is a South African professional boxer with orthodox stance who goes by the nickname of "Panther".
Juarez was known over his career for his aggressive fighting style and incredible durability; in 11 defeats he was never stopped.
Kui Kong Young fought Jackie Wilson in two straight fight in Australia.
As of May 2017, he is ranked as the world's best minimumweight by The Ring magazine, BoxRec and the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board.
Mark Lloyd is an English Welterweight boxer.
Simpkin competed in the "Prizefighter" competition in Newcastle-upon-Tyne on 12 September 2008.
Shiva Thapa is ranked 3rd in the bantamweight category in the AIBA Men's World Ranking.
As his super-middleweight and light-heavyweight reigns overlapped, he retired with the longest continual time as world champion of any active fighter.
In his career he lost to only two fighters, both former Olympic and world heavyweight champions: twice to Muhammad Ali, and twice to George Foreman.
In addition to Dixon, O'Rourke managed Joe Walcott, who won the welterweight championship of the world in 1901.
Matthew retired as a amateur boxer with a final amateur record of 27 -6.
Tyson declared bankruptcy in 2003, despite having received over $30 million for several of his fights and $300 million during his career.
Her uncle, Kibar Tatar, was a notable Turkish boxer, and her brother was interested in boxing.
In 1992, Tyson was convicted of rape and sentenced to six years in prison, but was released after serving three years.
Lennox Claudius Lewis, CM, CBE is a former professional boxer who competed from 1989 to 2003.
Miguel Ángel Berchelt Cervera is a Mexican professional boxer and the current WBC Super Featherweight champion.
The Fugazy Bowl is named after him in his honour.
Raúl Macías Guevara was a former Mexican boxer and boxing trainer.
He has a current professional record of 26-6, 22KO
David Anthony "Dave" McAuley, MBE is a former professional boxer from Northern Ireland.
He trained with Tsutsumi and did not get anxious anymore.
James "Jimmy" William Carruthers was an Australian boxer, who became world champion in the bantamweight division.
In his impressive career he fought Oakland Jimmy Duffy, Rocky Kansas, Red Herring and champions Benny Leonard, Lew Tendler, Jack Britton, Mushy Callahan and Joe Dundee.
Enrique Colin Reyes is a Mexican professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the former WBC International Lightweight Champion.
The second fight he won by decision in Cincinnati.
Johnny Lira was a professional lightweight and welterweight boxing contender who was born and died in Chicago, Illinois.
He was defeated in the first round by Hungary's István Kovács.
Javier Prieto is a professional boxer from Mexico who fights in the lightweight division.
Benny Leonard was an American professional lightweight boxer.
His 19 successful defenses as world featherweight champion are a record for that division.
His career was cut short in 2012 after a motorcycle accident left him paralyzed from the waist down.
super middleweight to 208 1⁄4 lb, i.e.
Karl rebounded with wins over Joe Erskine, Archie McBride, Joe Bygraves and a knockout win over Billy Daniels.
Kelly, who came in undefeated, was knocked out in seventh round.
He fought Joe Gans twice for the World lightweight title but lost both bouts.
"The Flurry" Robbie Murray born in Dublin, Ireland is an Irish professional boxer in the welterweight division.
Despite a broken right hand he beat American Robert Daniels of points.
Craig Lyon is an English bantamweight boxer.
Apart from fighting in her home country, she has also boxed in other Caribbean countries,, as well as in Europe and North America.
Hugo Fidel Cázares is a southpaw professional boxer in the Super flyweight division.
On 4 March 1995 she debuted as a professional boxer, with a first round knockout win over Marleen Lambert in Belgium.
Having earned enough money Woodson would begin to operate his own gymnasium, but he was shot to death in an argument.
Bobby Gunn is a Canadian professional boxer and undefeated bareknuckle boxer.
The two had a rematch four months later and fought to a draw.
He was born in Kansas and died in San Francisco, California.
Brian 'The Lion' Rose is an English professional boxer.
Tseveenpurev won the Prizefighter series Featherweights tournament on 29 October 2011, the same month that he passed 40.
Cornelius Johannes "Corrie" Sanders was a South African professional boxer who competed from 1989 to 2008.
He then had a rematch with Maxie Shapiro at Ebbets Field and lost by a decision.
He later moved to Minnesota, where he made his home for the majority of his life and career (notwithstanding the final five months of his life.
On November 7 of that year, she beat Marischa Sjau, in Lake Worth, Florida, to mark her United States debut.
She began by boxing against relatively unknown opponents.
He is the great-uncle of UFC Hall of Fame mixed martial artist Pat Miletich.
Sullivan has been inactive since 2008 but has not formally announced his retirement.
Miguel Ángel Cotto Vázquez, best known as Miguel Cotto, is a Puerto Rican professional boxer.
In late 2008 Virchis lost a decision to Juan Carlos Gomez.
Salvador "Dado" Marino was a flyweight boxer from Honolulu, Hawaii, who became World flyweight champion in 1950.
After joining that gym in 1978, he made his professional debut at the Korakuen Hall in May of that year.
On July 30, she fought Laila Ali in Louisville, Kentucky, being defeated by a ninth round knockout by the world champion.
He fought 64 times between 1932 and 1950; winning 48, losing 8 and drawing 8.
Jeff Thomas is a British professional boxer from Blackpool in Lancashire.
He starred in adult film movies after his comeback.
Erich Gliebe was the Chairman of the National Alliance.
Mercante served in the Navy during World War II and his commanding officer was heavyweight champion Gene Tunney.
After retiring from boxing he had a brief career as a professional wrestler.
Uzkudun is the Basque spelling of his last name.
Jimmy Walsh was a British boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1936 and 1938.
Egidijus is trained by former IBF World Champion boxer Roberto García.
On September 13, 2014, Airich faced British fighter and London 2012 Olympic Gold Medalist, Anthony Joshua in an 8-round fight.
Kaizer Mabuza is a South African professional boxer and former IBO super lightweight champion.
He had little power but a "steel" chin, and was never knocked out as a pro.
Murray's bronze statue was erected in Newmains, North Lanarkshire, Scotland in the following year.
The native of Miami, Florida, she beat such challengers as Gloria Ramirez, Nora Daigle and Sue Chase in her career.
He helped out at the North Little Rock Boy's Club and their boxing team.
He is a two-time Olympic gold medalist, having competed in the lightweight division at the 2000 and 2004 events.
Ken was the 2016 Inductee for the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame Moderns category.
Her only bouts that would ultimately be officially recognized, however, would be five bouts which were held in the Northeast.
Yoko Gushiken is a Japanese former professional boxer from 1974-1981.
Jesús Martínez Tejeda is a Mexican boxer who represented his country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
Rudkin was found collapsed on Mount Street, Liverpool in the early hours of 21 September 2010.
She currently fights out of Lafayette, Louisiana and is managed and trained by Beau Williford.
Rolando Navarrete is a Filipino ex-boxer who briefly held a junior lightweight world title in the 80s.
Fahprakorb Rakkiatgym is a professional boxer from Thailand.
He returned to art after retiring from the ring.
He held the WBC cruiserweight title from 2008 to 2009, and previously the European Union cruiserweight title from 2007 to 2008.
After that fight, Mina would not lose again for the next eight years of his career.
"I told her, `If you want to box, show up at 3:30 and don't be late.
Quantis moved to Beaumont, Texas in 2006 because of Hurricane Katrina and founded a local gym in the summer of 2006.
Zsolt Erdei is a Hungarian former professional boxer who competed from 2000 to 2014.
Nicknamed ‘Honeybear’, Akins was the first World Champion boxer from St. Louis.
He was born in Indiana and died in Los Angeles, California.
Showing promise at an early age, Valgar was the U.S. Bantamweight National Amateur champion in 1916.
Edgar Monarrez is a Mexican professional boxer in the Featherweight division.
According to his biographer, Burns insisted, "I will defend my title against all comers, none barred.
Tate was a regular sparring partner of heavyweight champion Jack Dempsey, yet Dempsey denied him a shot at the title.
Ayala had three brothers who were boxers, Mike Ayala , Sammy Ayala and Paulie Ayala
Billy Graham was an American boxer from New York City who had an impressive professional record of 102 wins and 15 losses.
He's also the brother of former IBF Champion Ulises Solís.
He also is known for losses to Lawrence Clay Bey, and contenders Jameel McCline and Samuel Peter.
ESPN ranked Morales at number 49 on their list of the 50 greatest boxers of all time.
His younger brother, Mike Quarry, was also a high-ranked contender in the light heavyweight division.
This made Taylor the first boxer in history to claim each title from all four major boxing sanctioning organizations in a single fight.
She was also a contestant on the CW reality show Capture, she placed 4th out of 12 teams.
In their 1965 rematch, Liston suffered a shocking first-round knockout which led to unresolved suspicions of a fix.
He made his professional debut in 1981, defeating future undisputed world heavyweight champion James "Buster Douglas by a second round knockout.
He returned to Montreal after retiring from boxing to work in real estate.
Although only 5'10, and not a big puncher, Norris relied on his fine boxing skills to outbox and pile up points versus his much larger opponents.
Esteban de Jesús was a Puerto Rican world lightweight champion boxer whose life was full of controversy, problems and scandals.
Turpin was inducted into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame in 2001.
McCoy's BoxRec record on the right has newspaper coverage determining the winner for his large number of no decision bouts.
Paddy Maguire is a former bantamweight boxer.
She was a Indspire Award recipient in the sports category in 2014.
Steffen Tangstad is a Norwegian retired professional boxer and two time European Heavyweight Champion.
Sonny Boy Jaro is a Filipino professional boxer and is a former WBC, The Ring and Lineal Flyweight World Champion.
Following one successful title defense, Dávila suffered back injuries, leading the WBC to strip him of his title.
Paulus Ambunda is a Namibian boxer who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics and is a former WBO Bantamweight champion.
As an amateur, Shiming is China's most successful boxer of all time.
Edward Earl Hartman was an American boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He made his first defence against McAlindon just two months later.
In 2003, Baer was chosen for the Ring Magazine's list of 100 greatest punchers of all time.
She was born in Yerevan, Armenian SSR, but left the country with her family at the age of five because of the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
Earlier in his career, Guts had often given up in fights where he was losing.
Tyrone Nurse is a British boxer who won the British super lightweight title in 2015.
Outside of boxing, he placed fifth in the 2015 series of Dancing With the Stars New Zealand.
He retired in October 1934 after losing to Don Stirling in a welterweight title fight and later worked as a plumber and boxing referee.
From 2009 to 2013, Williams boxed professionally six times, winning all six of his heavyweight bouts before suspending his boxing career to focus on rugby.
"Bad" Bennie fought from 1962 to 1982, and retired with a career record of 66 wins 24 losses and 5 draws.
He also held the WBA interim title from to 2006 to 2007.
A native of Buffalo, New York, Brimm finished his career with a 26–17–4 record.
Though a definitive answer was given in Tony Lee's 2009 publication which printed a copy of his birth certificate.
As an amateur he is a two-time National Golden Gloves champion and won a gold medal at the 2007 World Championships.
Klitchko controlled the fight, and took out the durable Bean via a TKO in the 11th round.
Walker was inducted into the Ring Magazine Hall of Fame in 1957 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame as a first-class member in 1990.
In his 86 fights, he won 61, lost 16, and drew 9.
Herol Graham is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1978 to 1998.
His first loss came in 1931 against Newsboy Brown for the California State bantamweight title.
His biggest break was a regular role as Pvt.
As a professional boxer, Sam won the EBU, World Boxing Council and WBC Mediterranean titles in the heavyweight division.
Arroyo won the bantamweight bronze medal at the 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships.
Nicknamed "The Knock-Out King", Bailey is widely considered to be one of the hardest punchers in boxing.
In 1983, the WBC selected Carrasco in their list of 40 greatest boxers of the last 40 years.
He is the current and first WBC Francophone featherweight titleholder after a fight against Mikael Mkrtchyan that he won on points.
Orlando Cruz is a Puerto Rican professional boxer.
She was born in Ciudad Bolívar, Venezuela
Harry Scott was a British boxer and contender in the middleweight division during the 1960s.
Following the emerging pattern, another win followed this tie and she was matched against Prestage for a rubber match.
He fell to his death when the scaffolding he was on broke while painting.
Delroy "Del" Bryan is a British former boxer who twice won the British welterweight title and fought for the European title at the same weight.
Carelessly Hodkinson was caught by a sucker right hand and paid the penalty.
He won the national title with a twelve-round decision over Fernandez.
In 2010, Cotto moved up another division to light middleweight and won the WBA title from Yuri Foreman.
Jackie Wilson was an American boxer born in South Carolina but raised and listed from Pittsburgh.
His career spanned the 1970s and 1980s in the bantamweight division, and his reign as world champion occurred in parts of 1983 and 1984.
He is the current WBC Silver heavyweight champion and a former European Union heavyweight champion.
He earned Olympic qualification as a semi-finalist at the 2nd AIBA American 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament.
The BBC described Stevenson as "Cuba's greatest boxer, once its most famous figure after Fidel Castro".
super featherweight to 137 3⁄4 lb, i.e.
Mikaël Zewski is a Canadian professional boxer currently fighting at welterweight.
Gatto is a 'professional mediator' within the building industry in Melbourne.
Ricardo Antonio Torres Tafur, is a former boxer from Magangué, Bolívar, Colombia.
Needham would become the lightweight champion of the Northwest in 1888 and he would controversially lose a bout for the lightweight championship of America.
She is also a model, businesswoman, and taekwondo champion.
Soon after he turned professional John competed for area titles, taking the Welsh flyweight belt in 1928 and then the Welsh bantamweight in 1929.
In addition to his boxing career, Walker was a guitarist, singer and songwriter, and fronted The Pink Cat Band.
Witten visited Williams the day before his fight with Muhammad Ali, and the two men bore no malice against each other.
After turning pro, he remained undefeated in his first 22 matches, and won 40 fights in total.
Chris Finnegan MBE was a British professional boxer of Irish descent born in Iver, Buckinghamshire, England.
Over a three-month period in 2003, Del Valle challenged four of the top fighters in women's boxing, suffering her first three losses in the process.
Evans mentors young boxers at various gyms throughout the Dayton area and holds seminars for youth on the importance of education and staying away from crime.
Juanito Rubillar is a Filipino professional boxer and current WBC Continental Americas light flyweight champions.
Paddington Jones was a British boxer from 1785 to 1805.
Sexton subsequently took Simpkin out of contention winning the match by unanimous decision and continued on to win the competition.
On March 3, 1999, she beat Pamela Clarke, by then considered a top fighter, by a knockout in three rounds at Miami.
He is the son of former world champion Wilfredo Vázquez.
Taju Akay, known professionally as Tee Jay, was a Ghanaian-born British boxer.
When Frias won the WBA lightweight title, España challenged him but Frias avenged his only loss and won a technical decision over España in 1982.
He held the WBO interim, European and European Union light-middleweight titles, and challenged for a middleweight world title in his final fight.
Statistical boxing website BoxRec rates Thil as the best French boxer ever across all weight divisions.
Jack Chase was an African-American middleweight, who boxed in the 1930s and 40s.
He was inducted into the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame in 2009.
Lee Manuel Ossie, born July 18, 1968 in Monrovia, Liberia, is a Liberian professional Heavyweight boxer.
Alfredo Zuany is a retired Mexican professional boxer in the Heavyweight division and the former Mexican National Heavyweight Champion.
Joseph Patrick Bamford, better known by his ring name Jock McAvoy, was a British boxer who fought from 1927 to 1945.
His career was at its peak in the 1990s becoming the Commonwealth Light-heavyweight champion in 1995.
Spivey never fought as an amateur and turned pro in 1993.
Thomas Oosthuizen is a South African professional boxer.
Kogon also faced the great Ike Williams at Madison Square Garden, and lost by decision.
Foster went the distance against a prime Muhammad Ali in April 1972, losing by fifteen round unanimous decision.
He's the former WBA FEDECARIBE and WBC CABOFE Super Featherweight champion.
He boxed internationally in 1997, with several wins in Ireland.
He held the WBA super-bantamweight title from 2013 to 2016, and the British super-bantamweight title from 2011 to 2012.
Łukasz Maszczyk is a Polish amateur boxer who has qualified for the 2008 Olympics at Light-Flyweight.
Four years later, he was knocked out by Sam McVea in Paris.
He has also had success as a trainer, training Irish champion Paul Upton.
Jackie Paterson was a Scottish boxer who was world flyweight boxing champion.
Len Wickwar was a British boxer who fought between 1928 and 1947 as a lightweight.
Cross was a part of Team GB in the 2016 summer Olympics in Rio winning a Silver medal.
He lost his British title in an up-and-down classic with Commonwealth champion Kevin Anderson at the Aston Villa Events Centre on 1 June 2006.
Coincidentally, he fights in the same weight class as the character he is named after.
Chad Dawson is an American professional boxer.
Chaney was a hard punching featherweight and lightweight who fought from 1910 to 1928.
During his boxing career, which spanned from 1965 to 1974, he won 64 out of 72 bouts, 43 of them by knockout.
Tyrone Booze is an American retired boxer who held the WBO cruiserweight championship from 1992 to 1993.
He's a Former NABF and WBO NABO Light Middleweight champion.
He was four time French champion, holding the French welterweight title from 1960 to 1961 and the middleweight title from 1961 to 1963.
David Fraser Charnley was an English lightweight boxer considered to be one of the greatest British fighters in his weight class.
Meltem Akar is a Turkish female boxer competing in the light flyweight division.
Yesica Yolanda Bopp is an Argentine professional boxer.
After the loss to the Brazilian Mina won five straight fights before challenging Uruguayan Dogomar Martinez for the South American Light Heavyweight Title in October 1958.
Gainer is also a colleague and good friend of Roy Jones Jr., and often fought on his under-cards.
Nicknamed "The Black Bull" and often "Twin Tyson" for his resemblance to Mike Tyson, Couser fought several contenders from his era.
He fought as a heavyweight and occasionally as a light heavyweight under the name Tuffy Griffiths.
Both brothers are graduates of Hastings High School.
Steven Bendall or Steve Bendall born in Coventry, England is a self managed professional boxer.
He was the US amateur heavyweight champion in 2005.
At that time, Stribling was travelling from town to town and enagaging in boxing matches, basically meeting all comers.
Peter Johnson Sturholdt was an American boxer who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
In September 2012 she added the IBF world title with a technical KO against Erin McGowan.
He fought Willie Joyce in Washington, D.C., and lost by TKO.
Donald "Don" Braithwaite is a former professional boxer from Caerphilly, Wales, who competed in the flyweight division during his career.
In addition, Goldman was the boxing trainer of Rocky Marciano, on whom Rocky Balboa is based.
Joseph William "Joe" Frazier, nicknamed "Smokin' Joe", was an American professional boxer who competed from 1965 to 1981.
McCullough was never once knocked down in his professional career.
Srisaket Sor Rungvisai is a Thai professional boxer in the super flyweight division and current WBC super flyweight champion.
Peter is known for his rivalry with the Klitschko brothers, having faced Wladimir twice and Vitali once.
Between 2009 and 2015 he held the unified WBA, WBC, Ring, and lineal super middleweight titles.
Both trained out of the Elorde Boxing stable of Paranaque City, Philippines.
In a 1934 rematch with Dado, Young Tommy beat him.
In January, 1978, he won the Orient and Pacific Boxing Federation light flyweight title.
He is a former two time ABA champion at Flyweight and Bantamweight and a former British super bantamweight champion.
Carlos Alberto Buitrago Rojas in Managua, Nicaragua is a Nicaraguan professional boxer in the Minimumweight division.
After moving to Coventry to work in the building trade he was spotted by the manager George Middleton and he turned professional in 1956.
He held the Commonwealth super flyweight champion from 31 October 2008 to 11 December 2009.
Additionally he held the WBA interim and WBO interim lightweight titles in 2011, and the WBC interim welterweight title from 2012 to 2013.
This loss took a severe toll on Hatton's wellbeing, as did a second loss to Manny Pacquiao at light-welterweight in 2009.
Tommy Burns, born Noah Brusso, is the only Canadian-born World Heavyweight Boxing Champion.
Roy Smith is a British former boxer who was British cruiserweight champion in 1987.
Don turned professional in 1957 as a middleweight and beat some top contenders during his early career, such as Rocky Fumerelle, Rocky Rivero, and Joe DeNucci.
When she returned, she flew to Barbados, where she scored her second first-round knockout in a row, beating Vicki Boodram.
Glen Moody was Wales middleweight champion, winning the title in 1930 and successfully defended it on four occasions.
Randy Petalcorin is a Filipino professional boxer from the Sanman gym in General Santos, Philippines.
He won the title with a second-round knockout.
Selçuk Aydın is a Turkish professional boxer.
But after losing to Joel García, by knockout in round one on July 31 of that same year, he decided to retire permanently.
He won the bronze medal in boxing in the Men’s Flyweight division.
He won 14 bouts and lost 8.
He is most notable for facing Danny García in 2014, a fight in which Salka was brutally knocked out in two rounds.
Navarro participated at the Summer Olympics in 2000 in Sydney, Australia.
He was ranked 23rd on The Ring magazine list of the greatest punchers of all time.
Born William J. Breslin in Clinton, New York, his professional career lasted for 25 years beginning in 1905.
William David "Billy" Conn was an Irish American professional boxer and Light Heavyweight Champion famed for his fights with Joe Louis.
He was managed/trained by former boxer Stan Skinkiss.
He held the Welsh Heavyweight Championship title from 1971 to 1973.
Born in Swansea Reynolds was notable for becoming the Welsh lightweight champion in 1937.
Over the course of his career he defeated Hall of Famers Tony Canzoneri, Benny Bass, Lew Jenkins and Cocoa Kid.
Eubank's last two fights were against WBO junior-heavyweight champion Carl Thompson, both of which were brutal encounters.
Emilio Ballado is a Mexican former boxer who represented his native country in the 1935 Central American and Caribbean Games and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Pedro Lovell is a retired Argentine heavyweight boxer, a knockout artist with a promising career in the 1970s.
He held the unified IBF and Ring magazine cruiserweight titles, as well as the WBA interim cruiserweight title.
The champion, who had insisted upon American gloves, stated loudly and in Spanish, that he would not fight.
He is also a HW Consultant for the boxing radio show On The Ropes.
lightweight, he served with the Royal Air Force.
Allisop qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, where he was defeated by David Joyce in the first round of the Lightweight event.
Suriyan Sor Rungvisai is a Thai professional boxer in the super flyweight division.
He began boxing at the age of 8 and obtained his license to fight as an amateur at 17.
Its economy consists mainly of the service sector.
In addition, he had the reputation of being able to take fearsome punishment and still rally to win, reinforcing that nickname.
He's the former WBO NABO Featherweight and IBA Super Featherweight champion.
Following this loss, Mihara won the Japanese junior middleweight title and defended it six times until June 1984, then returned it.
He defended the title once against fellow Briton Tony Sibson before losing the belt in 1987 to Thomas Hearns.
Her nickname is "Baby Doll" and she was managed by Don King for several years.
While never capturing a world title, Ledoux squared off against the best opposition available to him both nationally and internationally.
His picture appeared on the covers of such magazines as ¡Hola!
His father, José Villanueva, was also an Olympic boxer who won a bronze medal at the 1932 Los Angeles Games.
Geronimo "Gerry" Peñalosa is a Filipino former professional boxer who competed from 1989 to 2010.
He is also very close to his nephew Charles Kaylor - a professional hockey player who now works in recruitment for Austin Rose Associates.
He is a three-time light welterweight world champion, having held the WBA, WBC, and lineal titles between 1994 and 1997.
Today, Pical lives with his wife Rina Siahaya Pical, a dentist, and his sons Lorinly and Matthew.
(Between men and women) Her father, Juan West, is her boxing trainer and manager.
Masamori Tokuyama is a retired professional boxer in the super flyweight division.
When asked in an interview who was the greatest fighter he ever fought, Haugen replied, "Hands down, Pernell Whittaker.
At the age of twelve, she had earned a black belt and she became South America's champion in her division by the age of fourteen.
However, he changed his nationality to South Korean in February, 2007.
His first bout was with fellow first-timer Raul Flores, whom he knocked out in the first round.
I hit him in the forehead and broke his hand", he said to TV4 Plus.
Mabuza won his next seven fights, five by knockout, successfully defending his title six times, between 27 July 2002 and 13 May 2005.
Ronnie Clayton was a British boxer, born in Blackpool, Lancashire whose career highlight was winning the European Featherweight championship in 1947.
In July 1987 the same year he was voted Grandstand’s Young Prospect of The Year, a title he shared with Garry Stretch.
He was an exceptionally powerful puncher and 51 of his 73 wins were by knockout.
He was British featherweight champion on three separate occasions and, despite only having one lung, continued fighting until he was 42.
Nazario was able to reverse the result of the first fight by beating Rosario in the eighth round to become champion.
Fighting at welterweight during the 1970s and 1980s, Mayweather Sr. was known for his defensive abilities and overall knowledge of boxing strategy.
Rodak was undefeated in his first 22 fights, with one of those wins coming against Tommy Paul.
He is a former WBC Continental Americas Light Flyweight, WBO NABO Light Flyweight, and the IBF Minimumweight Champion.
He was a highly ranked contender in the light heavyweight division.
In 1961, having an amateur record of 120-0, he turned professional and won world titles in the light-middleweight division and twice in the middleweight division.
Andre Dirrell is an American professional boxer.
Making his welterweight debut in 2006, Hatton won a tough fight against WBA champion Luis Collazo to win a world title in his second weight class.
Malcolm Collins is an ex-amateur boxer from Cardiff, Wales, who competed in the lightweight division.
He was the winner of the sixth Prizefighter tournament featuring boxers in the lightweight category.
Franklin George Egobi is a professional Nigerian heavyweight boxer from Tooting, London.
He won his British title against Mark Payne in April 2004 and had a fairly easy run until he met Esham Pickering in October 2005.
He twice attempted to regain the title, but was unsuccessful.
Adigue became a professional boxer on February 18, 1962.
Redvers Sangoe was a Welsh light heavyweight boxer.
He was managed by Tommy White, and trained by Joe Ferguson.
Although he rarely scaled more than 160 pounds, the clever and aggressive Goss routinely fought men both bigger and heavier than himself.
Thomas Damgaard is a Danish former professional boxer who competed from 1998 to 2007.
Carlos Zambrano Córdova is a Peruvian Featherweight boxer.
Nicknamed 'KO Dynamite', he carries devastating one punch knockout power.
He appeared on television programs: E.T., Inside Edition, Hard Copy, and Extra.
Janusz Gortat is a retired boxer from Poland, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1972.
On October 11 of that same year, he and Alcayaga had a rematch, this time with the Chilean national flyweight title at stake.
He won many national and international titles.
This lightweight boxer fought a total of 172 bouts, winning 104 and with 24 knockouts.
Butlin lost to Polish heavyweight boxer Albert Sosnowski by TKO in first round on 25 September 2010.
She is coached by Tarieta Ruata, who represented Kiribati at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi.
He also is a former European cruiserweight champion.
The March 6, 1911 Tacoma, Washington Daily News reported that Burley died of a heart attack on Western Avenue, in Seattle, Washington.
Rodolfo Martínez Estrada was a Mexican boxer in the Super Featherweight division.
Wilfredo Gómez Rivera, sometimes referred to as Bazooka Gómez, is a Puerto Rican former professional boxer and three-time world champion.
He won the European light-heavyweight title in 2011, making three successful defences before losing it to Jürgen Brähmer in 2013.
He convened the first-ever Chicano youth conference in March 1969, which was attended by many future Chicano activists and artists.
However he lost on points to Shūichi Hozumi in his second defense in August of that year.
He was often overlooked due to his more talented and successful younger brother, Graciano Rocchigiani.
Mims fought with a team that met around age 16 or 17 at the YMCA 12st between S and T Sts NW.
He was picked as a contender for the 13th series of Prizefighter where he went on to win the competition.
He is a former WBC FECARBOX and IBA light welterweight champion.
He held the European light-heavyweight title in 2011 and competed in the thirtieth Prizefighter series.
The second fight was a no contest.
A match with the American Kevin Kelley and British fighter Colin McMillan was mooted but Hodkinson first had to deal with WBC mandatory challenger Goyo Vargas.
In eight grade, Dat won his first Junior Olympic Championship and went on to win the Men's States Championship and Hawaii Golden Gloves.
Bygraves immigrated to Britain as a youth but did not take British citizenship until the end of his fighting career in 1967.
Kentikian is a two-time flyweight world champion, having held the WBA female title since 2013.
The Maxim wins made him a ranked contender.
Eight minutes later, McCarty was pronounced dead.
However, he won the title back in a rematch with Pazienza in 1988.
Jesús Antonio Hernández is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is trained by former World Champion, Roberto García.
Simon Brown is a former professional boxer.
He made an unsuccessful bid for the WBO super featherweight title, losing a 12-round unanimous decision to Regilio Tuur on March 9, 1995.
He is best known for having won a controversial fight against future middleweight champion Jake LaMotta.
Pérez was born in Tupungato in the Mendoza Province of Argentina, he went on to make history by becoming Argentina's first world boxing champion.
In-Joo Cho is a former boxer from South Korea.
The reason of the assault was apparently private, Hicham El-Halabi disapproving of Rola's relationship with a married man of Greek origin.
At the 1996 Summer Olympics he won a Men's Super Heavyweight bronze medal, together with Aleksei Lezin of Russia.
Some sources often refer to him as the "Heavyweight Champion of America"; others call him a world champion.
On January 17, 1997, Riccio-Major earned her first, and only, professional boxing knockout win, when she defeated Patricia Simms in the first round, at Waukegan, Illinois.
He has residence in the USA in North Bergen, New Jersey.
Kobori, became Japan's third world champion at lightweight and first since Takanori Hatakeyama in 2000.
Arnold was a heavy favorite to defeat Rocky Graziano, and then to go on to fight for the world title.
Lajuan Simon is an American professional boxer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania that fights as a middleweight.
He was trained by Charlie Pearson and managed by Frank Warren.
Raymond Akwete "Ray" Narh is a Ghanaian professional boxer.
Sugar Ray Robinson was an American professional boxer.
Nery Antonio Saguilán Vargas is a Mexican professional boxer.
He is based in Oldham, Greater Manchester and is the former British Flyweight champion.
Palomino is a former World Welterweight Champion and member of the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
Per capita, Palmer has one of the highest percentages of professional athletes in The United States.
In 1930, he defeated Black Bill for the vacant New York State Athletic Commission world flyweight title.
He was buried at St. Sepulchre's church, London, his funeral being attended by four fighters: Wood, Johnson, Bill Warr and John Symonds.
Logan McGuinness is a Canadian professional boxer in the Super Featherweight class.
He also held 9 Australian boxing titles.
He would spend the next eight years undefeated, winning the vacant WBC title in 1999 and the WBA title in 2001.
He currently lives in the United States where he trains other boxers.
Yudel Johnson Cedeno is a Cuban welterweight professional boxer, who is best known for winning an Olympic Light-Welterweight silver 2004 as an amateur.
Enad Ličina is a Serbian cruiserweight professional boxer.
Toole, is in development by AMC Television.
He lost to Mayweather in a challenge for the WBC light-welterweight title in 1988.
In 1964 Sangoe was involved in a street brawl and died from a stab wound sustained in the encounter.
Among his noteworthy bouts is a draw with Lew Tendler and a technical knockout victory over the famed Mickey Walker.
Chris Edwards is an English professional boxer from Stoke-on-Trent who competes in the flyweight and Super flyweight divisions.
He went on to run an amateur boxing club in Peterborough and in 2006 started work as a professional trainer.
Reynante Jamili is a former Filipino professional boxer in the Featherweight division.
He is the Namibian flyweight champion and has fought for the Commonwealth flyweight title.
In the following year Fox again defeated Walcott, this time by a ten round decision.
He knocked out Roger in the 6th round for a TKO win.
In March 1985 Bey was given a title shot by long-reigning IBF heavyweight champion Larry Holmes.
Eddie was the 2016 Inductee for the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame International category.
His best known punch was a powerful left hook, which accounted for most of his knockouts.
He first won the WBA minimumweight title at the Pacifico Yokohama on August 25, 2001, when he defeated Chana Porpaoin by unanimous decision.
This was shocking news to many Indonesians, as Pical had a reputation as a clean living and religious man.
Additionally, all of his losses have occurred via knockout in either the first or second round.
Tony Quigley is an English professional boxer fighting in the super middleweight division.
Lawrence Marvin Clay-Bey is an American former professional boxer who fought at heavyweight.
He died in Chicago while hiding from Minnesota authorities.
She is a former 112 pounds and current 115 pound champion.
As an amateur, Mares won numerous medals at international tournaments while representing Mexico.
Ibarra was ranked #469 on the "Boxings 500 best trainers" list.
Ryan fought Sullivan on many occasions afterward, but never won.
He had two Junior Lightweight Title shots against Tod Morgan in 1926–27, but was unable to take the championship.
Andy Kolle alias Kaos is a middleweight professional boxer from Minnesota.
Ma Yiming is a Chinese professional light flyweight boxer and the former WBO China Zone flyweight and WBO Asia Pacific light flyweight champion.
He currently resides in Surrey, B.C.-married with 3 children and is a successful businessman.
In 1994 he made an unsuccessful bid for the IBF super featherweight title against John John Molina.
His long career took him to multiple continents and saw him facing a large group of opponents.
He's the former WBC Mundo Hispano, WBC Latino and WBA Fedecaribe Light Welterweight Champion.
Bae Ki-suk was a South Korean boxer who died following a boxing match on July 17, 2010.
Finnegan's older brother Chris was an Olympic gold medalist and also a professional boxer.
He is the former IBF World Bantamweight champion, European, Commonwealth and BBBofC bantamweight champion.
He is the first Latvian to win a boxing world title, having held the WBC cruiserweight title since April 2017.
Jawaid Khaliq , MBE, is a British former professional boxer.
Afterwards he said of Mihara, "There's no doubt that he's got a good jaw.
In 1935, Fontaine was arrested and convicted of the murder of Miss Meeks and was hanged at Wandsworth Prison.
Meanwhile, Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party took over control in Germany, and Schmeling came to be viewed as a 'Nazi puppet.'
His record stands at 19 wins, 7 losses and 2 draws after 28 professional bouts.
After the second conviction was overturned in 1985, prosecutors chose not to try the case for a third time.
Mariusz Wach is a Polish professional boxer and world heavyweight title challenger.
He finished with 20–2 with 11 KO's.
Born in Bacolod City, Melligen grew up in Cebu City, Cebu.
Flintoff also competed once as a professional boxer in 2012.
He is a former British Welterweight champion.
He left Germany and arrived at Kabul on 4 March 2011, where he was warmly received by his fellow countrymen including the Afghan National Olympic Committee.
He was fined $50 and briefly jailed after pleading no contest to charges arising from the incident.
Statistical boxing website BoxRec lists Smith as the 17th greatest middleweight ever, while Ring Magazine founder Nat Fleischer ranked Smith as the #10 Middleweight of all-time.
Don 'Da Bomb' George is a professional boxer who currently competes in the super middleweight division.
Youri Kayembre Kalenga is a Congolese-French professional boxer.
Delfine Persoon is a Belgian boxer and the reigning WBC, IBF, WIBA- and WIBF world champion in the lightweight class.
After the Cuban Revolution, Rodríguez campaigned in the United States.
Statistical boxing website BoxRec ranks Mandell as the 13th greatest lightweight boxer to have ever lived.
Problems with his hands, which were often broken during his career, may have hampered many of his boxing performances.
On her next fight, she beat Dolores Lira.
At one point during this time, he was rumored to be a possible opponent for heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield, but this fight never materialized.
He had even a song composed to him by Peruvian singer Chabuca Granda, called "Puños de Oro".
Tom Hyer was an American bare-knuckle boxer.
light welterweight to 148 3⁄4 lb, i.e.
Villasana first challenged Azumah Nelson for the WBC featherweight title, losing a narrow split decision on February 25, 1986.
Sergey Alexandrovich Kovalev is a Russian professional boxer.
Usha Nagisetty is an Indian boxer from Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh.
Arthur S. Sykes,, known as Artie, was an American boxer from Elmira, New York.
Sánchez died on August 12, 1982 in a car accident from Querétaro to San Luis Potosí  He is also the uncle of Salvador Sánchez II.
Gardner won the title from Jack Root and lost the title to Bob Fitzsimmons.
He defeated Charles on a split decision on July 25, 1947, but was knocked out in the 9th round of their rematch on May 7, 1948.
He lost the belt in his first defense to Carlos Santos.
George Sutton, Sr was a Welsh boxer who held the Welsh flyweight title on two occasions.
Zdravko Mićević is a Melbourne-based Serbian professional boxer, but is best known for his involvement in the death of former Australian cricketer David Hookes.
Since 2002, he has fought fringe heavyweight fighters, and has 11 wins, one loss, and two draws.
He is a former British champion and has twice competed for the Commonwealth title.
Although he was a non-smoker, Morgan died from lung cancer in Wellington due to the inhalation of fumes while working as a plumber.
Sergey Shtikhlits, best known as Robert Stieglitz, is a German former professional boxer who competed from 2001 to 2017.
He should not be confused with the American World Bantamweight Champion, Jimmy Walsh.
Pical currently works on the staff of KONI - Indonesian Olympic Committee.
She holds the International Boxing Federation bantamweight title, and formerly held the World Boxing Organizationbantamweight and earlier the WBO super flyweight championship.
Gert won the WBO welterweight title from Galloway in the 3rd fight.
He later qualified for the 2012 Olympics in London, beating Jérémy Beccu and Mark Anthony Barriga before losing again to eventual gold medalist Zou Shiming.
Graham Earl is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1997 to 2014.
He was the first and only boxer from Japan to capture a World Middleweight Title.
Instead, Menchaca boxed in the Army, becoming the champ of the European theatre.
He was born in Federal Point, Florida.
Nicknamed "Shake & Bake", Bean is known for making several arguably undeserved challenges for world heavyweight titles, each time coming up short.
Shavers holds notable wins over heavyweight champions Jimmy Ellis and Ken Norton, as well as heavyweight contenders Jimmy Young and Joe Bugner.
He resides Phoenix, Arizona, and is a former number one ranked light heavyweight contender and a former world title challenger in the light heavyweight division.
However, only a few months later, in his third duel against Moran, Kelly was defeated and the world title went to Moran.
He's married to Naomie Maraon in Talisay City, Cebu last June 9, 2011.
In addition, Morris had only fought once in the three years before his death, beating a boxer with only 17 wins out of 81 fights.
Jorge Andrés Sclarandi is a Super Middleweight Boxer from Lomas de Zamora, Argentina.
Mercado's first loss as a pro came in 1978, at the hands of future champion "Big" John Tate.
Serrano suffered a foot injury for which she underwent surgery, but in 1999 she came back and won a decision in her comeback bout.
His greatest wins include two victories over both Sam Langford and Harry Wills, which won him the World Colored Heavyweight Championship on two separate occasions, respectively.
Almost immediately, Gliebe began to alienate members, provoking a backlash within the NA leadership.
He also served as trainer and coach for Australia's professional world champions, Jeff Fenech and Jeff Harding.
Two years later, Cotto defeated Sergio Martínez to win the unified WBC, Ring, and lineal middleweight titles.
Bernabe "Abe" Concepcion is a Filipino featherweight boxer.
In May 2009, Spina defeated Tiwon Taylor by eight round decision.
Cornelius Bundrage is an American professional boxer.
Johnny Cusick was managed by John Bennett.
Tommy Molloy was a British boxer who was British welterweight champion between 1958 and 1960.
This made Tyson the first heavyweight boxer to simultaneously hold the WBA, WBC and IBF titles, and the only heavyweight to successively unify them.
Fernandes competed for New Zealand at the London 2012 Summer Olympics in the Flyweight Division.
On June 2010, Chang and 12 other boxing personalities were inducted in the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
He won the first-ever Olympic medal for Algeria, winning a bronze at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
She is the current WBC female super lightweight champion and former WBC female lightweight champion.
He made a comeback, and in 1935 he fought Max Baer for the Heavyweight title and won.
In 1885 he lost the Heavyweight Championship to John L. Sullivan.
Allan Lamar Green is an American professional boxer.
He then lost his next fight as well against Tobias Webb on points, with each of his first two opponents their debuts.
Pungluang Sor Singyu is a Thai professional boxer in the bantamweight division and he is former the World Boxing Organization Bantamweight World Champion in two times.
Mihara knocked him down by his right cross in the fourth round, and won the title via a majority decision.
He was elected to South Dublin County Council for Fine Gael in the 2014 local elections.
Chebah was born in Mont-Saint-Aignan, Seine-Maritime, France and is French Algerian.
He turned professional in 1961 after 39 amateur bouts.
Mario Rodríguez is a Mexican professional boxer and is a former IBF Minimumweight Champion.
Humberto Toledo Valverde is a professional Ecuadorian boxer in the Light Welterweight division.
Thokchom Nanao Singh is an Indian boxer from Khoijuman Maning Leikai village in Bishnupur district of Manipur.
Katie Taylor is an Irish sportswoman who has competed in both boxing and association football.
Known as "The Baltimore Demon", the 5'6" boxer fought at a weight of between 148 and 160 lbs.
Evans Quinn is a Nicaraguan former heavyweight professional boxer.
Ellis faced and defeated Al Coquilla in 1994 for the vacant IBO light welterweight title.
By defeating Kim Hye Song of North Korea in the opening round, Savelyeva won the first ever women's boxing bout at the Olympics.
Rodríguez was Puerto Rico's flag-bearer at the inaugural Youth Olympic Games and became the first flyweight champion in the event's history.
He is the brother of boxing star Leo Santa Cruz.
Goldman knocked out former Bantamweight Champion Eddie "Cannonball" Martin in 1930.
After moving to the United States he won the 1895 Heavyweight Championship of the World match by knocking out Steve O'Donnell in the first round.
For 27 years, from 1980 to 2007, his teams never finished lower than second in the nation.
Terry Marsh is an English former professional boxer who was an undefeated world champion in the light welterweight division.
On 11 September Gill defeated Damien Turner at the York Hall, Bethnall Green.
He opened up a boxing gym called Hardknocks based in Melton Mowbray.
Duilio Loi was an Italian boxer who held the Italian and European lightweight and welterweight titles, as well as the world junior welterweight championship.
He won 33 of his 40 career fights, losing four, drawing twice, and fighting to a no-contest in another.
Alexander Gurov is a Ukrainian boxer and current WBO Asia-Pacific cruiserweight champion.
McGuigan is the founder and CEO of Cyclone Promotions, managing boxers including Carl Frampton.
He is the brother of veteran boxers Emmanuel Clottey and Judas Clottey.
On October 20, 2001 in Kelvin Hall, Glasgow, Scotland.
As an amateur he represented Mexico at the 2004 Olympics, reaching the first round of the middleweight bracket.
José Carlos Ramírez is an American professional boxer who fights at light welterweight.
She trained with her brother and a number of other high-profile martial artists early in her career.
He had a record of 27 wins, 20 losses and one draw.
Additionally she is only the third boxer in history, female or male, to hold all four titles simultaneously, after Bernard Hopkins and Jermain Taylor.
He had a boxing record of 52 wins, 9 losses and 4 draws with 2 no contests, and 34 wins by knockout.
Sterilization often preceded their internment in concentration camps, and Trollmann too underwent this operation.
Wilbur Maurice Harris, nicknamed "Sugar Moe", is the former United States Boxing Association heavyweight champion.
Morgan was a southpaw which caused even greater problems, he showed true courage and grit by fighting himself to the gold medal.
He is a former WBC and Lineal Flyweight Champion.
Tanveer Ahmed is a retired Pakistani and British Pakistani boxer.
He qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Flyweight division, and later won the silver medal.
He beat Petey Scalzo by decision at Madison Square Garden.
He was eliminated in the first round of the men's bantamweight division by eventual bronze medalist Aghasi Mammadov.
Henry "Western Warrior" Coyle is a professional boxer from Geesala near Belmullet, County Mayo, Ireland who currently fights out of Chicago, US.
He was born in Avellaneda, Buenos Aires.
His managers were Jack Kearns, Dan McKetrick, and Fred Pearl.
David Tua is a Samoan-New Zealander former professional boxer who competed from 1992 to 2013.
Seth Mitchell is a professional boxer in the heavyweight division.
Statistical website BoxRec rates Leonard as the 2nd best lightweight ever, while The Ring magazine founder Nat Fleischer placed him at #2.
Jacobsen's titles he held were EBU European lightweight title, and the WBO welterweight title.
She won the gold medal at the 2008 Asian Women Boxing Championships and the silver medal at the 2008 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship.
He also won for first time in Puerto Rico boxing history a gold medal in the Super Heavyweight division.
Although Gethin lost the title in his first defence, he regained it in January 2010.
On November 18, 2011, Tapia made his professional debut, now boxing out of Carolina, Puerto Rico.
Gary De'Roux amateur record Runner up Eastern Counties Featherweight Championships in 1985 and 1986.
Virgil Akins was an American boxer who won the Welterweight Championship of the World in 1958.
He held the WBA flyweight title from 2011 to 2012, and has challenged once for the WBA interim super flyweight title in 2010.
Nicknamed "The Executioner", and later "The Alien", Hopkins was known among observers for his longevity and ability to continue competing successfully at an advanced age.
Gogarty co-wrote her memoir, My Call to the Ring: A Memoir of a Girl Who Yearns to Box, with Darrelyn Saloom.
He is the first professional boxing champion from China.
In 1990 he was inducted into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame.
Alfredo Layne was a Panamanian professional boxer.
He is still seen by many as the best boxer ever to come out of that country, and as a national hero of Chile.
Eric Boon was a champion British lightweight boxer.
His trainer for much of his career was Don Gorman.
During this time, he had 18 professional bouts, winning 9 with 7 losses and 2 draws.
He's the former WBC FECARBOX Super Bantamweight, WBC Continental Americas Super Bantamweight, and the IBA Featherweight Champion.
He died April 17, 1960 of a brain hemorrhage following an NCAA Tournament bout.
Ki-Young Chung is a former professional boxer.
Joseph Alexander Hernandez is a Cuban American boxer.
In 2008, she appeared as a defendant on The People's Court.
In 1984, Ali was diagnosed with Parkinson's syndrome, which his doctors attributed to boxing-related brain injuries.
On Friday 20 February 2009 Tony won the Prizefighter Contest winning £25.000.00 after scoring wins over Billy Boyle, Courtney Fry and Darren Stubbs.
Hall got up again, but Conception pressed him with a flurry of punches and the referee stopped the fight.
He moved to Minneapolis, Minnesota as a child, and still lives in Minneapolis where he works as a barber.
On the comeback trail in 1959, Machen posted seven straight wins to return him to contention.
He successfully defended the title 16 times.
As an amateur he won bronze medals at the 1986 World Championships and 1987 Pan American Games.
He retired in April 1984 after successfully defending his lightweight title against Brett Young.
As an amateur, Reid represented Great Britain at 1992 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal in the light-middleweight division.
Thomas Morgan "Tosh" Powell was a professional boxer from Wales.
Rocky Fielding is a British professional boxer.
He had a powerful left hook, and fought the toughest heavyweights of his time.
Argenis Méndez is a Dominican professional boxer best known for winning the silver medal at the junior world championships in 2004.
He also won gold medal in 1985 South Asian Games.
He fought as a kick-boxer and as an amateur before turning professional.
He is best known for beating all-time great Benny Leonard twice, being the only fighter to do so.
Domonique Dorian Dolton is an undefeated professional boxer and is considered one of the best prospects in the Light Middleweight division.
"I fight because I want to be something special" said Nguyen.
Alvin Vincent Manley is an American boxer who was an amateur standout but has limited success as a professional.
Cleotis Pendarvis is a professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
He has written L’esprit du combat and tonfa sécurité and he published his first novel Les panthères noires de Bièvre in 2010.
In the year following his victory over Duran, Laing went missing, blowing his earnings.
He is also said to have been the Featherweight, Lightweight, and Welterweight Champion at Camp Shelby.
In 2014, Golovkin was elevated to his current status of WBA champion and successfully defended both his titles against Daniel Geale.
He is a middleweight, and reached the final of the 4th Prizefighter tournament.
It was not until Collins reached his early 30s that he fulfilled his potential, becoming WBO middleweight champion in his third world title attempt in 1994.
Finnegan twice fought future undisputed world champion Marvin Hagler, losing by a technical knockout on both occasions.
Her mother wished for Acuña to become a ballerina, but that was never Acuña's dream.
Adam Heywood Fogerty is an English actor and former boxer and rugby league player.
Born in Spitalfields, London he won the National Sporting Club) British bantamweight title, British Empire bantamweight title, and European Boxing Union bantamweight title.
The view of him as tactically naive in defense was reinforced when former light heavyweight champion Michael Spinks stopped Cooney in five rounds in 1987.
He is popularly known as "The Filipino Flash" due to his exceptionally fast hand speed and formidable punching power.
He was elected to the Ring Magazine hall of fame in 1986 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1998.
He achieved a considerable amount of fame during the 1970s, especially among Mexican and Southern California fans.
Greg Richardson is a former boxer who was WBC Bantamweight Champion between February 25, 1991, and September 19, 1991.
Kelly was considered to be a gifted textbook boxer but one who lacked real knockout power.
Acosta made his professional debut on April 21, 2004 against Juan Manuel Altamirano.
Carlos Leonardo Herrera is an Argentine boxer in the Middleweight division.
However, another right hand from Bailey floored Figueroa for the count in the fourth round.
Riccio-Major had 7 wins, 8 losses some controversial and one draw in professional boxing, with one win by knockout.
Alonso López is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Flyweight division.
Don won the IBO championship on August 23, 2014 at Chicago's US Cellular Field but it was stripped away for having a positive drug test.
He faced top level competition throughout his career, winning the IBA light welterweight title in 2004.
He is a licensed professional boxing trainer and registered Level II coach with USA Boxing and resides in Birmingham, Alabama.
He held the unified WBC, WBO, Ring magazine, and lineal middleweight titles between 2010 and 2014, making six successful defenses of the latter two titles.
Torres won the bronze medal at the 1999 Pan American Games.
Albert "Alberto" Dávila is a Mexican-American boxer who was the World Boxing Council bantamweight champion of the world.
He challenged for the world heavyweight championship in 1972, losing to Joe Frazier by fifth round technical knockout.
Santos now trains at the Garland Police Boxing Gym, located in Garland, Texas, along with his father who is also his head coach.
Rocky Dean is a British professional boxer from Thetford in Norfolk, England.
Other members of the family include brothers, Leo and Stan both who fought as amateurs and professionals.
Joel Díaz Jr. is an American professional boxer.
Will Tomlinson is an Australian super featherweight boxer, based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Sonny William "Sonny Bill" Williams is a New Zealand rugby player and heavyweight boxer.
Aldo Mamadou Nidaye Colliander is a Senegalese-Swedish boxer.
He currently co-commentates with Mike Costello on radio for some shows, while co-commentating with John Rawling on Setanta Sports at other times.
Tony Canzoneri was an American professional boxer.
Arthur Benjamin Aragon was a Mexican-American boxer in the lightweight from New Mexico.
His first 26 fights he was undefeated from 1983 to 1988.
Sam "The Man" Horton is an English professional boxer who competes in the super middleweight division.
4 in the women's heavyweight division in the World Boxing Council.
Kendrick Releford is a professional heavyweight boxer.
He is named after Joe Yabuki, the main character of the boxing anime, Ashita no Joe.
After successfully defending his British title, he added the Commonwealth title in 1992 before beating Maurizio Stecca for the WBO Featherweight belt that same year.
Kelly held on to his world bantam-weight title until 1892, when he was dethroned by Englishman Billy Plimmer in 10 rounds at Coney Island.
He competed in the bantamweight division at the 1960 Summer Olympics and finished in fifth place.
Jesse Benavides is an American former professional boxer.
Elena Savelyeva is a Russian world champion boxer, and European champion.
Kelly Robert Pavlik is an American former professional boxer who competed from 2000 to 2012.
He had fought for the title once before in December 2005 losing in the 1st round to Matt Skelton.
1893 Andy Bowen and Jack Burke were involved in the longest fight in history.
Then I asked Melinda, 'How about you?'
A native of Youngstown, Ohio, Mancini began his professional career in 1937, trained by Hall of Fame trainer Ray Arcel.
Orzubek Nazarov is a boxer of Uzbek/Kyrgyz ethnicity, who won the bronze medal at the 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Reno.
Her second husband, Cal Eaton, was a boxing promoter in Los Angeles.
Win, lose or draw, I would have retired, anyway.
Prior to his first fight in 2014, Dusty was featured in Washington, D.C. lifestyle magazine, The Washingtonian.
He created the concept of "boxe de rue" in 2002.
Choi Yo-sam was a Korean world boxing champion.
If I am not the best man in the heavyweight division, I don't want the title."
On May 19, 1974, he faced Shoji Oguma, another world champion boxer, in a non-title, ten round bout held at Tokyo.
Edison Miranda is a Colombian-Puerto Rican former professional boxer who competed from 2001 to 2014.
He currently works as a youth social worker, and is a founder of the Emerald Hill Mission.
Tatevosyan fought Lucian Bute on January 26, 2007 in Montreal for WBO Inter-Continental super middleweight title.
Mundine is well known for his heated rivalries with fellow Australians Danny Green and Daniel Geale.
Flores Burlón had a total of 115 professional bouts.
She only knows one speed and that's kill.
José Pedraza González is a Puerto Rican professional boxer in the super featherweight division.
Statistical boxing website BoxRec ranks Brouillard as the 14th best middleweight of all-time and the 3rd best Canadian boxer ever.
After losing the colored welterweight title, his career floundered.
He won the gold medal at the 1983 Pan American Games and the 1987 Pan American Games and the former WBO Latino Heavyweight Champion.
He formally retired from fighting in 2002.
He is a five-time world champion, having also held the Australian and Commonwealth titles.
He was posthumously inducted into World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1994 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2009.
Without this failing, he would have had an even more successful career.
She was also three times European champion, and twice World champion.
Chuvalo lost to Hall of Fame heavyweights such as Floyd Patterson, Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier and George Foreman, but was credited for his spirited performances.
For the English footballer of the same name see Jimmy Elliott
Murphy died at Silverstream in 2000 and was buried at Akatarawa Cemetery.
Charley Riley is an inductee of the Boxing Hall of Fame.
Robert Edward Baltazar is a former Mexican American professional boxer in the Welterweight division.
Donny Lalonde is a retired professional boxer.
He was overwhelmed in the first round and appeared unable to determine incoming attacks.
After the Gushiken fight, Vargas had a rather ordinary record of 21 wins and 7 losses before retiring for the first time in 1987.
She fought former world champion Cora Webber, and lost that fight.
"[Mike] always felt like he didn't have his own identity," Robert Pearson, his brother-in-law, told the Los Angeles Times.
Michael Farenas, is a Filipino professional boxer.
On December 9, 2011, he lost by a first round knockout to Gennady Golovkin for the WBA and the vacant IBO middleweight titles.
The source of the conflict was a rivalry over a woman.
In 1970, Galíndez had 10 fights, a span during which he went 5-3-1, with one no contest.
He is a former IBO World, British and European champion at light welterweight and former British champion at welterweight.
Attell was Featherweight Champion for a record eleven years, between 1901 and 1912, and fought Kelly three more times in non-title fights.
Alcorn and her family appeared on the October 9, 2006 episode of the U.S. version of Wife Swap.
He has held the WBA light middleweight title since 2014 and the IBO light middleweight title since 2015.
He currently fights in the Featherweight division.
Martirosian is the EBU-EE super bantamweight title holder.
In 2007 and 2009 he reached a peak pound for pound ranking of seventh by The Ring.
She held the IFBA's world Bantamweight championship for a short period of time.
After the Olympics he turned professional, and won a national super featherweight title in August 1975.
In 2015, he participated in the 13th series of BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing.
He contended twice unsuccessfully for the NBA World Bantamweight Title, and was a class of 2000 World Boxing Hall of Fame inductee.
Because of an auto accident one week before the fatal trip, Czyz was not on the plane.
He was also an early opponent of Cassius Clay.
He retained the title only five months, losing it by unanimous decision to Rocky Kansas on December 7, 1925.
In 1963 he resumed fighting and scored four straight knockouts to finish the year.
Sergio Vargas González is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division.
Since retiring from boxing he has worked for Her Majesty's Prison Service.
Esparza has an endorsement deal with CoverGirl cosmetics.
Of his 17 fights between February 2001 and March 2008, 16 ended in knockouts.
Mario Santiago Figueroa is a Puerto Rican professional boxer.
Earlier in the process, he guaranteed a spot on the Australian boxing team after finishing first from the AIBA Oceania Qualification Tournament in Tonga.
On January 3, 1980, Nakajima fought against Kim Sung-Jun for the WBC junior flyweight title at the Korakuen Hall.
Welliver trains and coaches amateur boxers at Boxfit in Spokane, Washington.
He retired with a record of 105 wins, 9 losses and 6 draws.
Terence "Terry" Dolan is an English professional middleweight boxer of the 1940s and 1950s.
Nicknamed El Fantasma, Moreno was known for his excellent defensive skills and technical fighting style.
He retired in 1967, with a final record of 51-34-8.
Al Bourke was trained by Jack Carroll, and then Ambrose Palmer.
After boxing he felt a call to ministry and began speaking at evangelical churches around the globe.
Clive Atwell is a Guyanese professional boxer.
Taurus Jabbar Sykes, is a professional boxer.
In the meantime he also refereed about 100 professional boxing matches.
Zulfikar Joy Ali was a Fijian boxer.
Mike Quarry died at age 55 in La Habra, California.
Clancy is a member of the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
He currently works as a boxing trainer, most notably for former heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko, and was himself trained by the late Emanuel Steward.
McCune is a licensed professional boxing trainer and registered Level II coach with USA Boxing.
Renowned for his flamboyant lifestyle outside the ring, Robinson is credited with being the originator of the modern sports "entourage".
Javier Mora is a Mexican boxer in the Heavyweight division.
He is also an expert in defensive techniques and combat.
Spinks has been inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame and the World Boxing Hall of Fame.
He also fought world champions Arthur Abraham and Chad Dawson.
Pablo Daniel Sarmiento is an Argentine ex-professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division and is the former IBO Light Welterweight Champion.
He is best known for his memorable and notable victories over then-undefeated Andy Lee in 2008, former world champion Sergio Mora and Serhiy Dzinziruk in 2013.
light welterweight to 146 3⁄4 lb, i.e.
Choynski used him as a sparring partner, as did world heavyweight champion pretender Tom Sharkey and the true heavyweight champs Bob Fitzsimmons and Jim Jeffries.
Maneno Oswald is a Tanzanian super-middleweight boxer.
Frequently cited as one of the greatest boxers of all time, along with Muhammad Ali.
He finally won the WBO Cruiserweight championship on June 10, 1995, and held it for more than two years.
Wayne Rigby is a British former boxer who was British lightweight champion in 1998.
He also set an interval record in the local ekiden race at the age of a junior high school student.
James Micheal de la Rosa is a Mexican professional boxer from Tamaulipas, Mexico.
Michael Hunter is a Super Bantamweight boxer from Hartlepool, North East England.
Jackie Fields was an American professional boxer who won the World Welterweight Championship twice.
She broke that streak with a fourth round knockout of Terri Cruz on April 23, 2004, in Denver, Colorado.
Johanna Peña-Álvarez is a professional female boxer.
He was reportedly the Heavyweight Champion of the Northwest.
Rodriguez is now a dominant key note speaker and author of the book "When The Lights Go Out" available on Amazon.
Following this fight Grigsby tested positive for illegal drugs and the title was declared vacant.
Denis Nikolayevich Boytsov is a Russian professional boxer who competes at heavyweight.
She has 3 brothers ,a twin sister and an older sister.
He is a former WBU super featherweight champion.
Along with Carlos Monzon, he is considered one of the best fighters ever to box.
Olivares also had cameo appearances on Mexican movies, and he participated in more than 100 professional bouts.
Although Vanderlyde was a three-time European champion and seven-time Dutch champion, he never turned professional.
José Uzcátegui is a Venezuelan boxer who competes in the Super Middleweight division.
Steve Boyle is a Scottish former boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1988 and 1990.
He won world titles in three-weight divisions, and is best known for his trilogy with Ghanaian boxing legend Azumah Nelson.
Gilberto Keb Baas is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Flyweight division.
After some time away from combat sports, Acuña decided that she would return, only this time, she would compete in boxing.
Despite suffering a cut over one eye and an early knockdown, Del Valle rallied late to win a close, but unanimous decision.
He previously played professional rugby league for the Sydney Roosters in the National Rugby League.
He took up boxing at the age of 13.
He is locally known as Tony "Red" Dominguez because of his bright red hair.
He was in the Light Welterweight division and was the Inaugural WBC FECOMBOX Light Welterweight Champion.
Jorge took on Robin Reid for the WBF Super Middleweight title.
In high school, he belonged to the rugby club.
He lost on points to the future WBA junior flyweight champion Hwan-Jin Kim in August of that year.
He held the WBO middleweight title from 2014 to 2015, and the Irish super middleweight title in 2007.
Avoth was a promising amateur boxer who turned professional in 1967.
Jayson Vélez Jiménez is a Puerto Rican professional boxer in the super featherweight division.
Later in his career he moved up to heavyweight and held the British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles.
Jean Piero Pérez is a Venezuelan professional boxer in the flyweight division and is the current interim World Boxing Association flyweight champion.
Carlos Monzón was an Argentine professional boxer who held the Undisputed World Middleweight Championship for 7 years.
Duke Akueteh Micah is a Ghanaian boxer.
While driving his cab in late 1981 he was hit by a car and was critically injured.
A naturally talented and powerful fighter, Quinn recorded 20 professional wins, 18 of which came by knock out.
Rahman first became known on the world stage in 2001 when he scored an upset knockout victory against Lennox Lewis to win the unified heavyweight championship.
Victor Ortiz is an American professional boxer and film actor.
That loss marked the beginning of another losing streak for Brown, as she lost her next three bouts as well.
His managers included Jimmy Dixon and Cy Crespi.
He improved to 31-2-1, while Sylvester fell to 31-3.
Jimmy Thunder is a Samoan former professional boxer.
Paul Pender, was an American boxer and fire-fighter from Massachusetts who held the World Middleweight Championship.
Peter Felix was a boxer from Australia.
As an amateur he represented Puerto Rico at the 2012 Summer Olympics as a lightweight.
He successfully defended his title eight times before losing his title by a controversial 11th-round TKO to Smoke Gainer.
Prior to turning professional he was fighting in the 57 kg Featherweight category.
In addition, he began football at the fourth grade of elementary school, and was scouted by a prestigious high school.
He was the last holder of the World Colored Light Heavyweight title.
Francis Roy "Frank" Roberts was an Indigenous Australian boxer who competed at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics in the welterweight division.
Youssef Al Hamidi is a Syrian boxer who was a decorated amateur in the Syrian army and is now a professional boxer in the UK
Bryan Vázquez is a Costa Rican professional boxer.
Johnny Armour 26 October 1968 ) born in Chatham, Kent is an English amateur flyweight and professional super fly/bantam/super bantam/featherweight boxer of the 1990s and 2000s.
Gibbons won the 2004, 2005 and 2006 Alabama State Golden Gloves titles, and the 2005 Southeastern Association Championship.
He fought a recorded 298 times in his 13 year-career, which began at around 140 pounds.
Tillis fought for the last time in 2001 at the age of 44.
David Lovelle Jackson is an American Olympic boxer.
In his first welterweight fight, in 2006, Cotto defeated Carlos Quintana for the vacant WBA title.
He won the fifth by a decision in Chicago, and the sixth by a decision in Ohio.
Mike Gibbons was an American boxer from 1908 to 1922.
In November 2008, Matthew was ranked number 38 in the world and number 6 in the UK at welterweight by BoxRec.
Boris Nikolayevich Lagutin was possibly the most celebrated of Soviet boxers.
Dutra is a former world Jr. Welterweight champion.
In 1999 he was named Fighter of the Year by the Boxing Writers Association of America, and BBC Sports Personality of the Year.
In 2006, he was featured on a commemorative stamp by the United States Postal Service.
Ryōta Murata is a Japanese professional boxer who challenged for the WBA middleweight title in 2017.
He had two brothers Jack, who was a featherweight and Randolph, a middleweight.
Manuel Mariano Martínez is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division.
A native of Carolina, his nickname was "Salsero" because he was a fan of Salsa music.
The German television station ZDF has broadcast her fights since July 2009.
However his transformation into an in-fighter was still incomplete.
He is currently signed with Don King and is a former WBC Youth World champion.
The character is very loosely based on a combination of Sonny Liston, Larry Holmes and George Foreman.
He then had one professional boxing engagement on 30 November 2012 in Manchester, beating American Richard Dawson on a points decision.
Robert Dickie was a Welsh professional boxer, fighting at both featherweight and super-featherweight.
However, he suffered regular injuries throughout his international career, often due to his heavy frame and bowling action.
On August 8, 1998 at Spirit Lake, North Dakota, Draine became a world champion by beating Trevino by a ten round split decision.
Piriyapinyo is dubbed as s̄āyn̂ả mrṇa in Thailand.
He had put up a solid and brave performance and proved beyond doubt that he is a world class fighter.
One of the most popular fighters during the War Years, he headlined at Madison Square Garden on twenty one occasions, a record that still stands.
Jefferson Luís Gonçalo was a Brazilian boxer in the Middleweight division.
A subsequent win over Dave Castilloux established Mancini as the #1 contender for Angott's lightweight title.
In 2014, he signed with noted fight manager Al Haymon.
Carrasco was crowned European Lightweight champion in 1967.
His reign as champion was short-lived as he lost in his first defence to Jason Booth in February 2011.
This was the first gold medal won for an athlete representing NZ.
His final fight was a British Light Heavyweight Title challenge against Neil Simpson, in which Delaney was caught cold and stopped in the first round.
Joey Spina is an American professional boxer.
Caballero is a former IBF Bantamweight world champion.
Solomon Haumono is a New Zealand-born Australian professional boxer and former rugby league player of Tongan descent.
East is the former GAB Light Middleweight, OPBF and WBA World Light Welterweight champion.
He currently holds the British super featherweight title.
He was the first Mexican to become world champion.
He is currently ranked #8 at junior middleweight by The Ring.
Sergey Rabchenko is a Belarusian professional boxer.
Charles Henry "Jack" Blackburn was an American boxer and boxing trainer.
Her next fight took Alfred to Europe.
He boxed at flyweight; bantamweight; featherweight and lightweight, competing in 372 professional contests.
Reggie Strickland is a retired American boxer.
Sarron was best known as a fast, elusive battler, with a windmill attack.
He was the first boxer to defeat Roberto Durán as a pro.
When Havnaa relinquished his title, Booze knocked out Derek Angol on July 25, 1992 at G-Mex Centre, Manchester, England to win the vacant WBO title.
He fought just twice in 1964, battling his personal issues.
Julio César Ceja Pedraza is a Mexican professional boxer who is a former WBC Super Bantamweight champion.
Jackson lost in his second match to eventual bronze medal winner Andrew Selby.
He held the WBU light-welterweight title from 1996 to 2000, and challenged once for the Commonwealth light-welterweight title in the latter year.
Glenn Catley is a British retired professional boxer and former World Champion in the Super Middleweight division.
In 1940, he was listed as the world's top welterweight contender by some sources.
Amanda Serrano is a Puerto Rican professional boxer and mixed martial artist who has held the WBO female bantamweight title since April 2017.
Early in January 1996, Top Rank Boxing offered Walker $55,000 to fight for Chavez's WBC junior welterweight title.
She also is a trainer living and working in Brooklyn, New York.
Larry Ali Donald is an American former professional boxer.
His career lasted from the 1960s until 2001.
Soon after, he was discovered as a model.
Johnny fought Harry Lewis in London, United Kingdom.
He hit Jackson hard "between wind and water" in the second round and continuing body hits drove Jackson down and out in the third round.
José López Hernández, also known as Toluco was a Mexican boxer in the Super Featherweight division.
He is the former WBA World Light Flyweight Champion.
As of March 2007, his record is 18-5 with 11 KOs.
Johan Pérez is a Venezuelan professional boxer.
Juan Francisco Estrada Romero is a Mexican professional boxer and the former WBA and WBO Flyweight Champion.
In the latter year, she added the national amateur lightweight title, sweeping all five scorecards in the finals on July 19, 1997.
For some reason, McCormick is more often recognized as a world welterweight boxing champion than Holberg.
César Canchila is a boxer from Colombia who fights in the light flyweight division, where he is a former WBO Latino and WBA Fedelatin champion.
On the weigh-in, however, Concepcion was more than 4 pounds overweight and could not go lower on time.
Gliebe briefly turned the leadership over to Shaun Walker, but resumed the leadership of the National Alliance, after his successor was charged with Civil Rights violations.
In his personal life, Johnson is partnered with Sandra Reeves Jackson of the Motown group, Martha and the Vandellas
He lost both fights by unanimous decisions over 12 rounds.
Justo Suárez, nicknamed "El Torito de Mataderos"", was a popular Argentine light weight boxer.
He qualified to complete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the lightweight division.
James Moir, better known as Gunner Moir and sometimes as "Ex Gunner" James Moir, was an English heavyweight boxer.
Williams is a dual citizen of New Zealand and Samoa.
Carmona held two titles the Mexican lightweight title, and the WBC lightweight title.
His younger brother Lloyd Francisco, like him, is also a professional boxer.
She won the silver medal at the 2011 Women's European Union Amateur Boxing Championships held in Katowice, Poland.
Jan Happy Pieterse was a South African boxer.
As an amateur he had 58 matches, of which he lost only eight.
He developed tuberculosis and died the same year.
His uncle, Janos Rutt, immigrated to Minnesota.
She later lost also to Layla McCarter.
In her last fight to date, Gogarty lost her title to Beverly Szymanski on a ten-round decision.
In 1980 he joined army and continued his love and passion for the sport.
She represented North Korea in the 2012 Summer Olympics taking place in London in the flyweight division.
Chávez was named Fighter of the Year for 1987 and 1990 by the Boxing Writers Association of America and The Ring magazine respectively.
However, Graziano absorbed the beating and went on to batter and knockout Arnold in one of the major upsets in boxing.
He has a professional record of 31-12-1(15 KOs) in the welterweight, light-middleweight, middleweight, and super middleweight divisions.
Matthew Saad Muhammad was an American professional boxer who won the WBC light heavyweight title.
He defended his title twice; knocking out Tyrone Jackson and beating Richard Savage with a unanimous decision.
Rogelio Ruvalcaba is a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.
Prior to his entry into the Olympics, Holberg was a five time amateur champion of Denmark.
Curvis was one of four brothers who boxed, most notably British and Commonwealth champion Brian Curvis.
He is a former European light middleweight champion, a two-former British light middleweight champion and a former Commonwealth light middleweight champion.
Chang-Ho Choi is a former boxer from South Korea.
Each projection unit contained two projection tubes, one acting as a backup in case the first one failed.
Juan Alberto fights out of Navojoa, Sonora, Mexico.
Julien Lorcy, was a professional boxer who held the WBA lightweight title twice.
Billy Arnold was a highly touted welterweight/middleweight prospect of the 1940s.
The team also included Lyn Philp and Jack McCann who both had wins.
Frankie Archuleta is a retired professional boxer who fought in the featherweight division.
Kōji Kobayashi is a retired Japanese professional boxer who is a former WBC and lineal flyweight champion.
He eventually moved up to Cruiserweight, and never fought again for a major world title, retiring in 1996.
In 1995 he landed a shot at the WBA Middleweight Title against Jorge Fernando Castro and won by decision.
Based in Aberdare, Powell was notable for becoming the Welsh bantamweight champion and the matter of his death, caused by injuries sustained in the boxing ring.
His boxing career lasted from 1935 to 1949.
Among the men he defeated were Joe Choynski, Peter Maher, and "Denver" Ed Smith.
Richard Hall is a Jamaican professional boxer fighting at cruiserweight.
He also had draws with Karl Mildenberger and Eddie Machen.
He won his first fight on the show against rival Vinroy Barrett, and his second fight, against Micheal Stewart by unanimous decision.
Mike Hunter was an American boxer who won the NABF Heavyweight title.
At the weigh in, Paret infuriated Griffith, a bisexual man, by touching his buttocks and making homophobic remarks.
He is a former WBC International Silver Cruiserweight Champion.
On it, he was picked to be a member of the Blue Team.
Tony DeMarco, born Leonardo Liotta  is an American former boxer and World Welterweight Champion.
He was pronounced brain dead after injuries sustained by gunshot wounds to his head after a nightclub altercation.
He is the current European welterweight champion.
He was the first Italian to win a European boxing title, which he did in 1923.
Zeller was found dead in his apartment, from a suspected drug overdose on 25 November 2016.
Dominick Alexander Guinn is an American professional boxer.
In June 1981, he won via a fifth-round knockout, in the undercard of Ayub Kalule vs. Sugar Ray Leonard, at the Reliant Astrodome, Houston.
He made nine successful defenses of the world title, in total winning 18 titles.
In 2015, he defended his titles once before losing to Canelo Álvarez.
As an amateur he won a bronze medal in the heavyweight division at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
He unsuccessfully contested the European lightweight title in 1972, and retired in 1974.
Schmeling became friends with Louis, and their friendship lasted until the latter's death in 1981.
Daniel Stanislavjevic is an American middleweight boxer.
Spalla studied fine arts in Brera, when in 1910 he saw film footage of the world boxing championships and decided to become a professional boxer.
Born in Los Angeles, California, the 6 ft 3 1⁄2 in Nova was the U.S. and World Amateur Boxing Champion in 1935.
William "Matty" Matthews was an American boxer of the early 20th century born and raised in New York City.
He was able to absorb tremendous punishment while wearing his opponents down.
In 1999, he lost the belt in his first defense to Holmes, via 7th round KO.
In his retirement, he worked for the Salt Lake County Fire Department.
This article is about the boxer from Northern Ireland.
He turned pro in 1999 winning his first 30 contests.
Martin was a good puncher and a fairly skilled heavyweight who fought from 1962 to 1969.
Paweł Kołodziej is a Polish professional boxer, fighting in the cruiserweight and Heavyweight division.
Additionally, he held the Ring magazine title from 1980 to 1983, and the lineal title from 1983 to 1986.
In December 1981, he won the Orient and Pacific Boxing Federation lightweight title.
5'9" American lightweight boxer from Dayton, Ohio.
As of May 2017, Cotto is ranked as the world's third best light middleweight by The Ring magazine, and fourth by BoxRec.
Turpin was one of many American reality show contestants to take his own life, but there have been examples elsewhere in the world.
He scored his latest victory on January 21, 2012 defeating Derek Bryant by unanimous decision.
He is an inductee of both the International Boxing Hall of Fame and the World Boxing Hall of Fame.
Danny Óscar García is an American professional boxer.
Ashley Williams is a Welsh amateur boxer, fighting in the 49 kg Light flyweight category.
He was one of the "White Hopes" of the time that African American Jack Johnson was the world heavyweight champion.
He served in the executive committee of the International Boxing Association.
He fights in the Light Middleweight division, and is the current WBC FECOMBOX Light Middleweight champion.
Mike Morgan is a retired professional middleweight boxer from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Harlem Tommy Murphy was an American boxer whose career lasted from 1903 to 1917.
He turned professional on October 21, 1969 and scored a first round Knockout over Moses Green.
He won a bronze medal at the 1990 Commonwealth Games.
J'Leon Love is an American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.
Arnold retired with a record of 15 wins, 1 loss and 1 draw, with 4 wins by knockout.
Sergey Gulyakevich is a Belarusian professional boxer who competes in the super featherweight division.
He is a former World Boxing Council featherweight champion.
On 9 December 1897 in Waterbury, Connecticut, he faced Harry Peppers in a title match for the World Colored Middleweight Championship.
Arsen Martirosian also transliterated Martirosyan is an Armenian super bantamweight boxer.
David Díaz is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2011, and held the WBC lightweight title from 2007 to 2008.
Anani was so upset she considered quitting boxing.
Typically, at the end of a bout, he would go to the ropes and shout "I am Joe Grim.
Irving Berry is a featherweight boxer from Panama and is the second ranked featherweight for the WBA championship.
Juan Carlos "Ranchero" Ramírez is a Mexican professional boxer in the lightweight division.
Alfonso López III, is a Mexican American boxer in the Super Middleweight division and is the current WBC Continental Americas Super Middleweight Champion.
He won his first bout against Jason Lavigilante of Mauritius by 18 points to 14.
Javier Torres is an undefeated Mexican American professional boxer in the Heavyweight division.
Lenny Daws is a professional boxer, fighting out of Morden, England.
Major boxing States such as California and Nevada have contracts and use the Pod-Index to help see which are the most consistent professional boxing judges.
In September 2006, he won his first professional boxing match, defeating Dean Marcantonio, on points, knocking him down twice in the final round.
He was a middleweight, but held the Australian Heavyweight Championship title at the same time.
He is the youngest of the Smith brothers—Paul, Stephen, and Liam—all of whom are professional boxers.
His professional fighting weight varied from 116 lb, i.e.
In 2006, Whitaker was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame, in his first year of eligibility.
He was the father of Alejandro González Jr.
She also appeared in an episode of Made when a teenager was being made into a boxer.
Roberto Durán Samaniego is a Panamanian former professional boxer who competed from 1968 to 2001.
Carter's loss to Lauro Salas in 1952 and his loss to Paddy DeMarco in 1954 were each named Ring Magazine upset of the year.
James Bryan Herring, also known as Red Herring, was a boxer and a champion in the light welterweight division.
He was described as Britain's biggest boxing idol in the post-war period.
He got his ring name, "Celes", from a company he used to work for.
Alfonso Ratliff is an American former professional boxer in the cruiserweight division who held the Lineal and WBC cruiserweight titles.
From then on, Pittman held a remarkable record of twenty-five bouts throughout his professional career.
On May 17, 1996, she got her first knockout win, when she stopped Robyn Lopez in three rounds at Caldwell, a small Idaho town.
As an amateur he represented Puerto Rico, winning medals in multiple international competitions.
Flores turned pro when he turned 17 years old.
His first professional fight was January 8, 1994.
After a troubled childhood, Foreman took up amateur boxing and won a gold medal in the heavyweight division at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Joel Jalil Julio Mejia is a professional Colombian boxer rated as a junior middleweight.
His KO over Eric Aiken was voted South Africa's KO of the year 2007.
His status as a contender began to decline after he lost to future light-heavyweight champion Paul Berlenbach on 26 December 1924.
Nicknamed "The Kansas Rube", he held the World Welterweight Championship in 1900 and 1901.
In the eight fights that followed, Smith won three and lost five.
Charlie "Choo Choo" Brown is an American former professional boxer in the lightweight division.
He grew up in east Belfast and attended Knockbreda High School.
Ricardo Williams, Jr. is a professional boxer.
As an amateur, Hill won a silver medal in the middleweight division at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Munroe currently resides in Leicester and is the WBA International Super Bantamweight champion.
Bilal "Billy" Dib is an Australian professional boxer.
Though not an exceptionally strong puncher, he was considered a very speedy boxer with an effective left jab.
Christopher Rebrassé is a French professional boxer who held the European super-middleweight title in 2014.
James "Bubba" Busceme, is an American former boxer, who became one of the most celebrated American amateur boxers in history.
Caleb Truax, alias Golden, is a middleweight professional boxer from Minnesota.
Darby Brown was inducted into the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame in 2015 in the Veterans catergory.
In 1989 he took on IBF Featherweight Title holder Jorge Páez but came up short in a draw.
Ross Puritty is a retired heavyweight professional boxer.
The judges scored it 116-112, 114-113, and 114-113; the bout would have been a majority draw had Kirilov not downed Navarro in the third round.
Obie Walker, born Obie Dia Walker in Cochran, Georgia, was a professional boxer.
Rivera had a Draw in his professional debut on Jan. 1, 1993 vs. Cachorron Diaz in Mexico.
He made his professional debut on 3 September 1999.
László Papp was a Hungarian professional boxer from Budapest.
Klitschko is a former leader of the Petro Poroshenko Bloc and a former Member of the Ukrainian Parliament.
"I broke my hand when I sparred Tuesday.
Dohonna Malik Scott is an American professional boxer, known as "King" or "The Noble Artist".
Steward trained 41 world champion fighters throughout his career, most notably Lennox Lewis, Wladimir Klitschko, Thomas Hearns, and Tony Tucker, through the famous Kronk Gym.
Yonekura protested that decision of the judges.
Roberto Feliciano Bolonti is an Argentine professional boxer who fights at Light Heavyweight.
On searching the car, the police found ammunition that fit the weapons used in the murder.
Eddie Weichers was the head boxing coach at the United States Air Force Academy from 1976-2014.
He enjoyed a meteoric rise in his professional career.
Singer captured the World Lightweight Championship in July, 1930, with a first round knockout of champion Sammy Mandell.
He was around this time by some considered the perfect fighting machine.
Roldán was very famous across Latin America during the 1980s, many articles about him appearing on Ring En Español magazine.
Palomino is also an actor who has been featured in several television shows and films.
Albert Finch was a British boxer from Croydon in South London, who was active from 1945 to 1958.
Thomas Dulorme Cordero is a Puerto Rican professional boxer and world title challenger.
Mauricio Antonio Pastrana Tapi, more commonly known as Mauricio Pastrana, is a Colombian professional boxer who fights in the super bantamweight division.
In his final bout, he boxed a six-round draw with Harry Harris on September 1, 1899.
In 2002, Tyson fought for the world heavyweight title again at the age of 35, losing by knockout to Lennox Lewis.
He died on 9 November 2016 at the age of 76.
His record comes out to: 28 wins, 12 losses, 8 draws, and 6 no decisions.
The Mexican wasn’t in as much trouble as he appeared to be in, and Hodkinson, misjudged the situation as did everyone else in the audience.
Tony Morgano was a dynamic left-handed professional boxer fighting out of South Philadelphia in the 1930s.
Baltazar was a contender at the Lightweight and Jr. Welterweight divisions.
Reyes appeared to win the first round but did not come out for the second.
McCline won via TKO in the 10th, and Boswell didn't fight again until 2006.
Valentini, who was on a four fight winning streak prior to the bout, fell to 6-4 with the loss.
Between 1907 and 1910 he left Britain and continued his boxing career firstly in the United States and then Australia.
Hong Soo-hwan is a retired professional boxer from South Korea who held the Lineal and WBA bantamweight titles.
Considered one of the hardest punchers in boxing history, Fitzsimmons is ranked as No.
He is currently trained by Billy Nelson.
The International Boxing Research Organization rates Loughran as the 6th best light heavyweight ever.
Gonzales was considered by boxing critics to be one of the top amateur medal contenders for the United States in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Stephan Rose is a boxer from Guyana who participated in the 1991 Pan American Games.
In 1957, he won all five fights he had, including two over former light heavyweight champion Joey Maxim.
She was born on March 20, 1978 in El Carmen, Jujuy.
He retired with a record of 25–7–1.
Ralph Francis Lally was an American Golden Gloves Champion from Lowell, Massachusetts.
Iván Hernández Rangel is a retired Mexican boxer.
Rock Allen is a boxer in the Welterweight division.
He lost the title to Thompson the following year, on April 14, 1931.
Alexei Collado Acosta is a Cuban boxer best known to win the Junior World title 2006 at flyweight.
Aldo Bentini is a retired Italian boxer.
As a pro, he defeated fifteen fighters before facing the 17–4–1 Louis Santiago in a fight where he lost in the 9th of 12 rounds.
His career win count is 385 – 3.
McGirt fought against Carlos De Leon Jr. on April 11, 2008.
Noel Gevor is professional boxer in the cruiserweight division.
In the Round of 16 she lost to Karlha Magliocco of Venezuela 14-15.
Harris was Wales featherweight Champion and in 1988 he briefly held the British featherweight title.
Lucian Tudor Bot, is a Romanian professional boxer in the Heavyweight division.
The fight was selected as Ring Magazine's upset of the year.
Dmitry Alexandrovich Kudryashov is a Russian professional boxer who has held the WBC Silver cruiserweight title since December 2016.
Although he has fought for and held several major titles, he has the unique distinction of having never fought in the United States as a professional.
After ending his boxing career in 1992, he entered the corporate world as a motivational speaker.
He has held the European middleweight title since 2016, having previously held the European Union middleweight title in 2014.
After his retirement from boxing, he had a career in Hollywood.
They released a six-song CD called Bounty Hunter.
She was born in South Hamgyong Province, North Korea.
In 1920 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing to the upcoming gold medalist Harry Mallin.
Callum Johnson is a British professional boxer fighting in the light heavyweight division.
He aspired to become both a boxer and a stock car pilot since an early age, but he was more interested in boxing.
A veteran of the sport for more than 25 years, Mock is known for his toughness and has only ever been stopped once in his career.
Armando Ramos was a Mexican-American professional boxer and the former two-time WBC and WBA Lightweight Champion.
He fought for the world title twice, losing a controversial decision to Ernie Terrell and another decision in his first fight with Ali.
Jason LeHoullier is a professional boxer in the Middleweight division and the former Northern New England Light Middleweight Champion.
Early in his career Maher won the 1888 Middleweight Championship of Ireland, and the 1890 Heavyweight Championship of Ireland.
Gutknecht also challenged for the WBA light-heavyweight title, losing in a rematch against Brähmer in 2016.
She married Charles Converse, owner of a boxing school in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Held on December 11, 1982 in Sacramento.
In his youth, Arthur Mercante Sr. was a member of the Merchant Marines.
Francisco is also the younger brother of former five-division World boxing Champion Jorge Arce.
Dierry Jean is a Haitian-born Canadian professional boxer fighting out of Montreal.
He then started working as a Mafia enforcer for what was then the Luciano crime family.
8 on Ring Magazine's list of 100 greatest punchers of all time.
Hussain represented Pakistan at the 1984, 1988, and 1992 Summer Olympics.
Krzysztof Głowacki is a Polish professional boxer who held the WBO junior-heavyweight title from 2015 to 2016.
Luis Villanueva Paramo was a Mexican boxer best known as Kid Azteca.
Luis Ángel Firpo was an Argentine boxer.
In 2015 he was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
Henry "William" Hall was a boxer from Louisiana.
Barthelemy defected to the United States prior to the 2008 Olympics.
Around 1889, he made the jump to welterweight.
Daiki Kameda is a Japanese professional boxer.
The years of 1904 and 1905 saw him lose inside the distance against world title challengers Bill Squires and "Gunner" James Moir.
Folley fought for three more years afterward before being knocked out by Mac Foster in 1970.
He is signed with Oscar De La Hoya's Company Golden Boy Promotions.
However, his boxing career was surrounded in controversy due to his support of Argentine President Juan Peron.
He became the first Korean boxer to be inducted in the prestigious boxing hall of fame, and the 5th Asian boxer to receive the honor.
Kentikian has lived in Hamburg since 1996 and began boxing at the age of twelve.
His overall record was 50 wins, 16 losses and two draws.
Art Tucker is a heavyweight boxer from Newark, New Jersey.
Later in his career, he lost to Hall of Famer Jersey Joe Walcott.
He is a former Commonwealth cruiserweight champion, having also held several regional titles at heavyweight.
Haider turned pro in 2003 and moved to east London in Leyton, UK to start his pro career.
Frank Oppong is a Ghanaian middleweight boxer from Accra, Ghana who now lives in Luton, London.
Before turning professional Routis won the French amateur bantamweight championship in 1918.
He is the former WBO Flyweight Champion.
Joshua Clottey is a Ghanaian professional boxer who held the IBF welterweight title from 2008 to 2009.
Forbes' nickname of "2 Pounds" was in recognition of the fact that he was born weighing only 2 pounds.
Bertoldo Batawang, Jr., more commonly known as Bert Batawang, is a Filipino professional boxer.
His managers included George McAllister, Dave Miller, Eddie Miller, and Pete Reilly.
Kilgour would be, in fact a cruiserweight, a lower division, in modern boxing, but at the time, boxers that weighted over 190 pounds were considered Heavyweights.
Erislandy Lara Santoya is a Cuban American professional boxer.
Bob Tuckett, is a professional light heavy/cruiserweight boxer of the 1970s, his professional fighting weight varied from 164.5 lb, i.e.
Leeonzer Barber was a professional boxer in the light-heavyweight division.
Joyce also fought Johnny Bratton at the Chicago Stadium in 1946, losing in both fights.
He lost the title less than a year later in a 7th round knockout by Cosme Rivera.
Fighting under the name James J. Braddock, Braddock was known for his spoiling, counterpunching style, powerful right hand and his iron chin.
Michael Lee Moorer is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1988 to 2008.
The magazine Boxing News described him as an "ex-amateur star".
On his return to professional boxing after the war, Houlston switched to middleweight and made one unsuccessful attempt at the Welsh title.
Upon winning his second world title, Witherspoon joined Floyd Patterson and Muhammad Ali as the only boxers to win multiple world heavyweight championships.
Born in Ukraine, he grew up in New York City from the age of nine.
Long after the Second World War, it was revealed that Schmeling had risked his own life to save the lives of two Jewish children in 1938.
The highlight of Castellani's career was probably his 1955 bout with Hall of Famer Sugar Ray Robinson.
James Leija, best known as Jesse James Leija, is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1988 to 2005.
Merey Akshalov is an amateur boxer from Kazakhstan.
Toole is the pen name of boxing trainer Jerry Boyd.
Casimero currently resides in barangay Guizo in Mandaue City, Cebu, where he trains and lives in the city's IPI Gym.
'Tis not a fall - I yet shall rise,
Villablanca announced his retirement from boxing after the fight, but he returned soon afterwards.
[2][3] Philippine Foreign Affairs spokesman Raul Hernandez said that his country's embassy filed a protest with Argentina's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and is awaiting an explanation.
He became the New Jersey Lightweight Champion in 1890 and the Interstate New York & New Jersey Lightweight Champion in 1892.
He is a former IBF super flyweight champion, defeating Julio Gamboa on July 22, 2000 for the vacant title.
Julio César Chávez Carrasco, best known as Julio César Chávez Jr., is a Mexican professional boxer who held the WBC middleweight title from 2011 to 2012.
Jack Rowan was the professional name of Frank Rowan, a middleweight boxer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, who fought during the early 20th century.
Dwight Muhammad Qawi is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1978 to 1998.
"Bronco" Billy Wright is an American professional boxer who fights in the Heavyweight division.
Floyd Johnson, nicknamed "The Auburn Bulldog", was an American heavyweight boxer who was known for his stiff punch.
Kobori won the Japanese super featherweight title on January 14, 2006 by knocking out Keita Manabe in the second round.
In 2009, Forrest was murdered after he was robbed at a gas station in the Mechanicsville neighborhood of Atlanta, Georgia.
Ceja was born in Tlalnepantla, State of Mexico.
Both of his parents are from San Luis Río Colorado, Sonora, Mexico.
His brother, Jose Miguel Torres, is also a professional boxer.
Mace has a commemorative plaque in the center of Norwich.
Francisco "Kiko" Martínez Sánchez is a Spanish professional boxer.
That was only one of his wins against top-level fighters of that era.
Davey Lee Armstrong is a retired boxer from the United States.
Anthony Dirrell is an American professional boxer who held the WBC super middleweight title from 2014 to 2015.
Danny Lopez is an American former boxer.
Max Everitt Rosenbloom was an American boxer, actor, and television personality.
Showing a deficiency in basic self-protection, Cooney suffered a devastating second-round knockout that ended his career.
Isadore "Corporal Izzy" Schwartz was an American boxer, who became recognized as the New York Boxing Commission's World Flyweight Champion from 1927 to 1929.
He made his debut as a professional boxer on 6 March 2009 against Travis Dickinson and lost on points.
Jake Kilrain was the popular name of John Joseph Killion, a famous American bare-knuckle fighter and glove boxer of the 1880s.
Clinton Jackson is an American former boxer, who competed on behalf of the U.S. in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Jeannine tore an ACL in her knee during a touch football game in 2000 and this injury required reconstructive surgery.
Cleary suffered an accident which resulted in the amputation of a foot in 1893.
Richard Towers is a British former heavyweight professional boxer.
In 1902, Griffin fought Jack Johnson twice in Los Angeles, California.
Duva is the son of trainer/manager Lou Duva, and the younger brother of the late Dan Duva.
On March 19, 1999, Fox outpointed Dutra again, also by a six round decision.
He was inducted into the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame in 2011.
He first won the Welsh light heavyweight title in 1953, but after losing the title, retook it again in 1955.
Robert Shannon is an American former professional boxer.
Germán Ohm Gómez was a Mexican boxer of German ancestry in the Featherweight division.
Martin Parlagi is a Slovak professional boxer who currently fights in the super featherweight division.
Darren John Sutherland was an Irish professional boxer from Mulhuddart, Dublin.
After his professional career ended, among other endeavors, Kogon was an instructor of intramural boxing at Yale.
Livio Minelli was an Italian professional boxer.
Although he failed, this fact helped him become a national idol in Chile.
Calloway has faced some of the world's most famous boxers including former heavyweight champion Hasim Rahman, who knocked out Calloway in two rounds.
Lagutin also won at European championships in 1961 and 1963 and at USSR championships in 1959, 1961–64 and 1968.
He was one of 6 children of a rural mail carrier.
A product of trainer Emanuel Steward's Kronk Gym in Detroit, he fought three times for a welterweight world title, but each time fell short.
He also won a silver medal at the 1998 European Championships and bronze at the 1998 Commonwealth Games, representing Northern Ireland in the latter.
After retiring from boxing he took up acting, appearing in several films in the 1930s.
He was representing Kyrgyzstan at the different tournaments.
He won the vacant title by scoring a technical knockout over Carl Thompson and defended it six times.
Taylor, who began boxing officially at age 13, earned numerous accolades throughout his amateur career, starting with his achievement of the 1996 Under-19 Championship.
Although scoring a surprise knockdown against Khan early on, the fight ended with Gomez being stopped in five rounds.
He was elusive with very good footwork to jump in and out on opponents.
Rodak had a fight for the National Boxing Association World featherweight title, and the NYSAC World featherweight title against Joey Archibald in Rhode Island.
Filippo later became a referee and judge, including judging 85 world championship fights.
He is also a former lineal champion at welterweight and light middleweight.
John O'Donnell is a London-based Irish professional boxer who is a former holder of the Commonwealth welterweight championship.
Barthelemy was a standout amateur, competing in more than 200 fights and winning a Cuban junior national championship.
Mikkel Kessler is a Danish professional boxer.
Eddie Mustafa Muhammad is the former WBA light heavyweight Champion of the World.
Halmich is among the most successful female boxers of all time, and helped popularise female boxing in Europe.
Jeff Stoudemire is an American former professional boxer.
He has a career record of 55-12-5.
Widely known as "Ratón" Macías, or "Mouse" Macías, he won a bronze medal at the 1951 Pan American Games, Macias died at the age of 74.
All in all, he had 50 professional fights of which he won 38, drew 2 and knocked out 20 opponents.
Melissa Del Valle is an American multiple champion in the sport of women's boxing, both at the amateur and professional levels.
Erica Anabella Farias is an Argentine boxer.
Oba Diallo Carr is an American former boxer in the welterweight division.
Moreno was ranked #76 on the The Ring's list of 100 All time Greatest Punchers.
Woodhouse played football as a central midfielder, and competed as a light-welterweight boxer.
Heather Hardy is an American professional boxer holding the WBC International Female Super Bantamweight title.
In the same year Choi unsuccessfully challenged Khaosai Galaxy for the WBA Super Flyweight title, losing by TKO at 0:56 of round 8.
His ring name was chosen by trainer Brendan Ingle after a character played by Elvis Presley in the 1962 film of the same name.
Immediately after the fight with Ashley, Alfred was given her first chance at winning a championship.
Airich's first defeat was against Danny Williams in a controversial fight.
He represents Polish boxers Andrzej Gołota and Tomasz Adamek.
He was also the subject of articles written by Walter Winchell and Ed Sullivan, both fans of his.
Collins' first professional twenty fights all took place in the United States.
Coogan fought Frankie Callahan in Brooklyn, New York.
Anderson won his second colored crown when he K.O.-ed Flowers in the seventh round.
He held the European super-lightweight title from 1998 to 1999, and the European welterweight title in 2000.
Joseph Agbeko is a Ghanaian professional boxer.
In 1992 he won the undisputed WBA, WBC, and IBF titles by defeating then-unbeaten former undisputed cruiserweight champion Evander Holyfield.
Julius Francis is a former British heavyweight champion boxer who participated in many noteworthy boxing matches in the 1990s and 2000s.
Rodak fought Jackie Wilson a fifth and sixth time.
He lost 42 bouts and had 25 draws.
He later won the IBF super featherweight title against Eddie Hopson in 1995.
Travis Simms is a professional American boxer in the super welterweight division.
He is the twin brother of fellow boxer Jamie McDonnell.
He was a contestant on reality TV show The Contender.
He held the world heavyweight title from 1959 to 1960, and was the fifth heavyweight champion born outside the United States.
Stevenson was one of the last fighters trained by Emanuel Steward before his death.
This made Holyfield the first boxer since Muhammad Ali to win the world heavyweight title three times.
Valdez was trained by International Boxing Hall of Fame coach Gil Clancy.
Edward Lee Croft is a professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the former WBC Continental Americas Super Bantamweight champion.
He was born Joseph Paul Zukauskas, the son of Lithuanian immigrants, in Binghamton, New York but moved to Boston, Massachusetts as a young man.
Yet again, he secured another major fight, this time against Vitali Klitschko.
Emmanuel John Chukuwuemeka Nwodo, known more commonly as Emmanuel Nwodo is a Nigerian professional boxer who fights in the cruiserweight division.
He later lost to veteran Jeremy Williams in 2003 and KOd by Aaron Williams in 2008.
Carl had to wait until January 27, 1975 for his first bout as he was not allowed to fight until he is 11 years old.
Having won Gold, he was wanted by Frank Warren and was signed as his manager soon after.
Xavier Montelongo Mexican American professional boxer in the Featherweight division.
This was achieved on Baird projection equipment using a 16-inch projection tube running at 45,000 volts, producing light levels comparable to that of normal films.
Konstantin was the first fighter to go past the second round with Anthony Joshua despite the loss.
Johnny Saxton was an American professional boxer in the welterweight division.
Morris East is a retired Filipino professional boxer and boxing trainer.
Daniel Cota is a Mexican professional boxer in the Heavyweight division.
He retired from competitive football on 1 January 2013.
He died at age 27, as the result of injuries suffered in a bout against Kid Lavigne.
Cory Spinks is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1997 to 2013.
He won medals in three Olympic Games, including two golds, in 1964 and 1968.
As an amateur, Froch won a bronze medal at the 2001 World Championships, and the ABA title twice; all in the middleweight division.
Having begun his professional career in 2001, Cotto defeated Kelson Pinto for the WBO light welterweight title in 2004.
Folley was the last man to face Ali before Ali's three-year exile from boxing in 1967.
His professional fighting weight varied from 135 lb, i.e.
He admitted to the murder and was sentenced to 17 years in jail.
Esparza is presently dating British double Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams.
Ryan Farrag is an English bantamweight professional boxer.
He is currently signed with Golden Boy Promotions.
He retired in April 1958 due to eye problems.
He had forty amateur bouts, was the Kansas City Golden Gloves champion three times, and a semifinalist for the 1992 US western Olympic trials.
Jenifer Lynn "All-American" Alcorn is a retired, undefeated WIBA, IWBF, and IBA World Champion female professional boxer.
He is a two-time former IBO world champion, having held the super-middleweight title from 2011 to 2014, and the light-heavyweight title in 2015.
Goldman's career record was 33 Wins, 11 losses, 3 Draws in 47 career fights.
Hoye was a Cruiserweight division contestant in the fourth season of the Contender, boxing three 5-round bouts and one 8-round bout on Versus, winning three.
He defended the title a record 12 times, and never lost a title fight.
Draine has had one more fight after that, but she remains, on record anyway, active as a professional boxer.
He was elected Mayor of Kiev on 25 May 2014.
Wilfredo Vázquez Olivera is a Puerto Rican former professional boxer who competed from 1981 to 2002.
Holyfield lost a rematch against Ruiz seven months later and faced him for the third time in a draw.
Woodhouse returned to football in November 2006, joining Rushden & Diamonds in the Conference National before moving to Mansfield Town in January 2009.
He set an example of racial pride for African Americans and resistance to white domination during the Civil Rights Movement.
The first fight Manning beat Jacobsen, Jacobsen lost due to a corner retirement.
Arnold was important in women's boxing popularity rise in Idaho.
An extremely durable fighter, Lynch was never knocked out in nearly 160 bouts despite an aggressive fighting style.
Van Sickle did run a boxing gym in Columbus, Ohio, which is called Team VanSickle 12 Round Boxing.
Folley was one of the first to call the controversial champion by his Muslim name instead of Cassius Clay.
Until 1967 Lagutin trained at VSS Trud, then - at VSS Spartak.
At the time of her retirement, she held all major female super middleweight titles and two heavyweight belts:
He died aged 61 after a long illness and was survived by wife and two daughters.
Mateusz Masternak is a Polish professional boxer fighting in the Cruiserweight division.
He was recorded as fighting over two hundred professional fights in his career.
On 7 March 1979 Traversaro lost the EBU title to Rudy Koopmans and retired from boxing.
Ismail Keta is an Albanian kickboxer who was a three time German champion in 1999 and 2000 in Federation WKA.
Hippolyte Annex is a former French professional boxer.
Jacobsen finally got the best of Galloway in the 3rd fight by decision.
Larry Marks, alias Laser, is a professional super middleweight boxer from the USA.
Diana Prazak is a professional female boxer from Australia.
Couser has also claimed a numerous times to be the half brother of Mike Tyson.
He was rated as the seventeenth best bantamweight of all time by boxing.com, and was elected to the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2010.
After 1929 John failed to pursue any further titles, but continued fighting across the United Kingdom, ending his career with at least 242 professional fights.
He holds notable wins over Ron Stander by TKO 7 in 1980, and the hard punching Earnie Shavers by ten-round decision in 1982.
Huntley trained Boyd to box when Boyd was in his 40's and the two became friends during that time.
Burke went 110 rounds with Andy Bowen in New Orleans on April 6, 1893, in a bout which lasted seven hours and 19 minutes.
Then Poonsawat defended his title two more times until May 2010.
Leon Williams is a cruiserweight British boxer.
He holds notable victories over Manuel Charr and Robert Helenius.
out of Chicago in a professional boxing career that spanned the years 1926 to 1935.
As an amateur he won a bronze medal in the super-heavyweight division at the 1997 World Championships.
Dave Parris is a former British heavyweight boxer, who is now a referee and judge, based in Woodlesford, Leeds.
He went on to have several minor film roles.
Hyer was born in New York in 1819.
Nazym Kyzaibay is a Kazakh world champion boxer.
He beat James Joyner on the three knockdown rule in amateur boxing.
Márquez is known for his trilogy of fights against Luis Concepción, whom he defeated twice in 2011 and lost to in 2015.
He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the light welterweight event.
Dominic Breazeale is an American professional boxer and one of the division's most popular top contenders.
Jack Sharkey was an American world heavyweight boxing champion.
Patrick Graham is a retired Canadian heavyweight boxer.
He competed for Nigeria at the 2000 Sydney Olympics Games reaching the 2nd round.
He is a former IBF Super Featherweight champion.
She finished 1999 by dropping another four round decision, to Kelsey Jeffries, on December 14.
After that he turned professional, and won all his 15 bouts in Italy before retiring in 1971.
Martínez's 50-month reign as lineal champion ranks as one of the longest in middleweight history.
From 1993 to 2005, Carter served as executive director of the Association in Defence of the Wrongly Convicted.
Foster challenged heavyweight kings Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali during his career, but was knocked out by both fighters.
Kevin McIntyre is a British professional boxer who fights in the welterweight division.
Miller, a late-comer to the sport, went from juvenile delinquency to becoming a pro boxer.
He was inducted into the Minnesota Boxing Hall of Fame in 2011 and the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2014.
Freddie Norwood is a boxer in the lightweight division.
Charles Francis Pilkington, known as Charlie Pilkington and The Meriden Flash, was a professional boxer in the Featherweight division.
He was based in Paddington during his career.
Her début fight was against super bantamweight boxer Sara Hall in 2001.
In the semifinals he was beaten by eventual silver medalist Adolfo Horta of Cuba after walk-over.
Klondike fought many of the top black heavyweights of his generation, including Johnson, the first black man to win the world heavyweight championship.
Driscoll won both fights by decision; in the Bronx, New York and Boston, Massachusetts.
There, Ramos beat Carrasco and retook title.
Peter Till is an English former boxer.
Lucas Martin Matthysse is an Argentine professional boxer.
He was a controversial contender for the World Welterweight Boxing Championship in 1904.
Victoria Cisneros is a female American boxer, who has fought six former or present World Champions in her career.
González fought as a professional from 2007 until 2014, with a career record of 23 wins against 3 defeats.
The following year, Valuev regained the now-vacant title in a rematch against Ruiz, losing to David Haye in 2009 in his final fight.
He won the English cruiserweight title in March 2012 with a UD10 win over Matty Askin, in a fight that was also a British title eliminator.
Like many other fighters of his era, Harmon was a Jew from New York's Lower East Side.
Paul Buchanan is a professional boxer, fighting out of East Denton.
Holds the title of Master of Sport of International Class in Turkmenistan.
Gilberto Román was a Mexican boxer in the Super Flyweight division and a member of the 1980 Mexican Olympic team.
He is 6 feet 3 inches tall.
Young Peter Jackson was a boxer active between 1895 and 1914.
Francisco "Paco" Rodríguez was a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Bantamweight division.
category at the Amateur International Boxing Association's ranking.
While many other state commissions recognized Ertel’s title, some states having divergent rules did not recognize his title.
Primarily a follower, he added six more games the following year before retiring to concentrate on his boxing career.
Kirkland Laing is a retired British Welterweight boxer nicknamed The Gifted One.
Derrick "Smoke" Gainer is a US born boxer who started out in the featherweight division and now fights in the lightweight division.
Jones was never knocked out although he himself won by 52 knockouts out of 101 wins over 141 total fights.
After his retirement in 1964, he acted in six films and several TV series.
On 16 November, Figueroa made his second title defence against formidable opponent Noel Rodriguez.
He is a six time Canadian Champion.
Liam Smith is a British professional boxer.
He was also British featherweight champion from 1960 to 1961.
Ricardo Moreno Escamilla was a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division.
As a professional, through May 2015, Melson was 15–1–1, with 4 of his wins coming by knockout.
John "Tiger" Linwood Fox, or Tiger Jack Fox as he was better known, was a colorful, hard punching, American light heavyweight boxer.
According to Forbes, he was the second highest paid athlete in the world as of 2015.
Tony Hill is a British professional boxer who has challenged once for the Commonwealth middleweight title in 2012.
Stjepan Božić is a Croatian super middleweight boxer.
Statistical boxing website BoxRec lists Tendler as the #10 ranked lightweight of all time, while The Ring Magazine founder Nat Fleischer placed him at #9.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Sten Suvio.
James Kinchen is a retired American professional boxer.
He was also a boxing promoter from the 1980s until the early 2000s.
Additionally, he held the WBA interim light welterweight title in 2002.
Leighs next fight was a redemption fight for the midlands area featherweight title against Lee Glover who beat Leigh in the Amateurs 7 years prior.
in the 15th round of the scheduled 20-round bout.
Although each one was close, LaMotta dropped Robinson multiple times.
He also won the American Red Cross boxing championship at England's Rainbow Corner Arena.
His boxing record is won 114 + lost 31 and drawn 6 = 151 rounds boxed 1112 KO% 40.4.
Joe Goddard was an Australian boxer known for his great strength, durability, and punching power.
Twice an amateur champion of England, in his professional career he was British and European lightweight champion between 1919 and 1920.
On December 4, she knocked out Shadina Pennybaker in two rounds, also in Allentown.
He fought against future heavyweight champion, Gene Tunney, in 1918, but lost in 4 rounds.
Lally fought over 75 Golden Gloves bouts throughout the United States and Canada, winning 67 knockouts.
After retiring from boxing, Freitas went into politics, and was elected as a legislator for the state of Bahia, from 2011 to 2014.
In 1973, Galíndez had eight fights, winning seven and drawing one.
He defended the title three times before an upset knockout loss to Oliver McCall in 1994.
He was fourth at the Sydney Summer Olympics.
He arbitrated his first professional bout on 14 January 1985, and since has refereed many World, regional, and national title fights.
William Lawrence Stribling Jr., known as Young Stribling, was an American professional boxer in the Heavyweight division.
He is the only boxer to be named The Ring magazine Fighter of the Year six times.
In 1932 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the featherweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Allan Carlsson.
José Manuel Osório is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division.
Castillo and Rubén Olivares sustained one of the most important rivalries in the history of Mexican boxing.
In boxing he fights at heavyweight, while in kickboxing he fought at both heavyweight and super heavyweight.
Clarence Henry was an American boxer who won the 1948 Golden Gloves Tournament of Champions and was a highly ranked heavyweight contender during the 1950s.
Fernando Javier Vargas is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1997 to 2007.
After lying in state for two days in Santurce, Camacho's remains were transported to New York for burial at request of his mother.
Throughout his pro career he has scored 29 first round knockouts.
For the Doctor Who character, see Horror of Fang Rock
Bygraves turned professional in 1953, and after an impressive early career he successfully challenged Kitione Lave for the vacant Commonwealth Heavyweight belt in 1956.
The official language of St. Gallen is German, but the main spoken language is the local variant of the Alemannic Swiss German dialect.
Núñez began her career by knocking out Claribel Ferreira in three rounds, on June 9, 2000, at Santo Domingo.
He won the world flyweight title in 1952, becoming the first Japanese boxer to win a world title.
Ferguson won his first three fights with ease, defeating Sid West on points twice and Paul Watson via first-round knockout.
Angel Robinson Garcia was a Cuban professional boxer, who was the Latin American Super-Featherweight champion.
He held the WBC bantamweight title from 1995 to 1997, and challenged six times for world titles at super-bantamweight and featherweight.
He defended the title twice before losing the belt to Hassine Cherifi in 1998, a decision loss in which he dropped Cherifi once.
Darby Brown was managed by Jack Hourigan, and trained by Ray Horne, and Bob Urquhart.
He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Ricardo “El Finito” López Nava is a retired undefeated Mexican professional boxer.
He was inducted into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1998.
Sharif Bogere is a professional boxer in the Lightweight division.
William Landon Jones known as "Gorilla" Jones, was an American boxer who held the NBA Middleweight Boxing Championship of the World.
Hugh Haggerty was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Remillard pleaded no contest and was sentenced to five years' imprisonment.
He won a bronze medal at the 2015 European Games.
Seda currently fights in the Super bantamweight division.
Vázquez is best known for his series of four fights against fellow Mexican Rafael Márquez.
Ryan D. Martin is an American lightweight professional boxer.
In June 1956 he and Patterson fought in an elimination fight to see who would fight for the heavyweight championship left vacant by Rocky Marciano's retirement.
Goss sparred much of the time with a well-known wrestler, "Professor" William Miller, on occasion he also sparred with Johnny Dwyer.
Judges, Jim Traylor and Stuart Winston scored it 116-112, & Phil Newman 117-113 all for Pernell Whitaker.
Burnside went on to win two more fights in a row, when she and Jayla Ortiz were rematched, on October 17, at Las Vegas, Nevada.
In 1920 he finished fourth in the welterweight class after losing the bronze medal bout to Frederick Colberg.
He was in America where he was given the chance to spar with some of the top fighters in the world.
He also lost to Gene Fullmer, Kid Gavilan, and Joey Giambra, but defeated Tony DeMarco, Joey Giardello, Johnny Bratton, and Ralph 'Tiger' Jones
When Dat was eight years old, his mother decided to leave Vietnam to give her family a better life.
Before turning to boxing he was an amateur kickboxer – winning a European title.
He fought on with limited success and had his final bout in 1960.
Benedicto Villablanca is a former professional boxer who came close to becoming Chile's first professional boxing world champion.
She also won world titles in kick boxing for two different associations.
Ronald Hatcher Jr., better known as "Gene Hatcher," is a former boxer who was world light welterweight champion.
He was the first Scottish boxer to win a world title.
During his career he won 52 out of 59 bouts, 42 of them by knockout.
Santos Benigno Laciar, known familiarly as Santos Laciar and nicknamed Falucho, is an Argentine who was boxing's world flyweight and super flyweight champion.
He is a former WBA featherweight champion.
Joe Goss was born on 5 November 1838 in Northampton, England.
Phil Jackson is a retired professional heavyweight boxer, best known for challenging Lennox Lewis for the WBC Heavyweight Title in 1994.
Hodkinson then defended his European title against rugged Frenchman Farid Benredjeb.
He is known for handing Roger Mayweather his first defeat—a first-round knockout in just 98 seconds—earning him the WBA and lineal super featherweight titles.
At The Age Of 16 He once gave Zab Judah, former welterweight champion, a black eye in sparring.
Nipper Pat Daly, real name Patrick Clifford Daley, was a British boxer who fought professionally between 1923 and 1931.
"I have been waiting too long and too many fighters have avoided me, but it seems like we are finally there.
She's also a personal trainer and coach of several professional boxers, including currently high-ranking junior-middleweight contender James Kirkland.
However, all of his opponents have never had a winning record.
Not including an exhibition with former World Champion Naseem Hamed at Watford Town Hall.
He is also a former European Union lightweight champion, and has challenged once for the European lightweight title.
Two members resigned in protest, and later that year many more Executive Committee members had dropped out.
Benjamin "Benny" Baruch J. Bass, known as "Little Fish," was an American boxer.
In 1990 he once again challenged for a world title, this time in the flyweight class.
In 1999 he defeated former IBF bantamweight champion Orlando Canizales but in 2000 lost to former champion Manuel Medina.
Neil Swain was managed by Dai Gardner
Clay then converted to Islam and changed his name from Cassius Clay, which he called his "slave name", to Muhammad Ali.
He has challenged three times for the WBO lightweight title, and is a former WBC–NABF lightweight champion.
He is a two-time light middleweight world champion and remains the last to hold the undisputed title at that weight.
Johnny Bredahl, aka Johny Wahid Johansen, is a retired professional boxer in the bantamweight division.
She began to box professionally in the summer of 1996.
He briefly held the NBA World Middleweight Championship in 1938–39.
In 2010, he founded the party Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform and was elected into parliament for this party in 2012.
In 2015, he was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
After compiling a record of 20–0 with 15 knockouts, Ibeabuchi was imprisoned in Las Vegas in July 1999, after submitting an Alford plea.
Adolpho Washington is a retired professional boxer best known to hold the IBF Cruiser title for one fight.
Salvatore Burruni was an Italian flyweight and bantamweight boxer who fought between 1957 and 1969 mostly in Europe.
In March 1986, "Fearless", who was at the time, took on Roger Mayweather at the Sahara Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Rafael Herrera is a former boxer from Mexico.
He also challenged unsuccessfully for the European middleweight title in 1992, losing a split decision to Sumbu Kalambay in Italy.
In addition, she contributes to animal rights group PETA and recently posed in an ad to urge the public to speak up for abused animals.
Louis Edward Brown is a professional boxer of the 2000s in the Welterweight division.
Neville Meade was a British boxer from Swansea in south Wales.
In the Round of 32 he lost to Jai Bhagwan of India 8–18.
Jack Bodell was an English professional boxer, active during the 1960s and 1970s.
Theodore Ernst Kara is an American boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Robert Neil Quarry is the youngest brother of Jerry and Mike Quarry.
middleweight, he was managed by Irving Ungerman, and trained by Teddy McWhorter and Lee Black.
Marcelo Fabián Domínguez is an Argentine professional boxer.
He was Australian champion in both the bantamweight and featherweight divisions.
Thinking that perhaps she could avenge a career loss for the second time in a row, she met Fox in a rematch next.
Erbito Salavarria is a retired professional boxer from the Philippines and a former WBC, WBA and Lineal Flyweight Champion.
Regina Halmich is a female boxer from Germany.
In later life he was committed to the Philadelphia Hospital for Mental Diseases, where he died in 1939.
Richard Menchaca, better known as Dick Menchaca, was a two-time Golden Gloves champion.
The Morales fight was, of course, Núñez's first fight abroad.
He began boxing professionally in 1905 under the name Edwin Van Dusart.
He won the 2010 Amateur Boxing Association of England title.
He is a former WBC Latino Super Featherweight champion and, since 19 July 2014, WBC USNBC Silver Lightweight champion.
She is a former world champion in kickboxing and was world champion in amateur boxing as well.
In 2004, Karmazin outworked Keith Holmes to a majority decision in an IBF title eliminator.
George Chip was an American boxer who was the World Middleweight Champion from 1913 to 1914 in an era of great middleweights.
He is trained by Jose "Chepo" Reynoso.
Mosley has fought and defeated some of the most recognizable names in the sport, including Oscar De La Hoya, Fernando Vargas, Ricardo Mayorga, and Antonio Margarito.
He is the former International Boxing Federation Junior featherweight champion.
Career Record: Won 50 Lost 8 Drawn 1
Viktor Vasylovych Postol is a Ukrainian professional boxer who held the WBC super lightweight title from 2015 to 2016.
Conquest stopped Williams in the first round.
Nicknamed "Terra", Garcia turned pro in 2000, winning his first 22 fights, including the WBA Light Middleweight Title by beating Santiago Samaniego in 2003.
Elise "Alex" Leapai is a Samoan Australian former professional boxer.
Jo Jo Dan is a Romanian professional boxer and world title challenger.
He is a former British, Commonwealth and WBU light-heavyweight boxing champion.
Known as "Baby Face Eche or Kid Eche", Echevarria had served in the American Army at Westpoint where he was a cavalry instructor.
One of Aldos losses was against Cuban fighter Odlanier Solis by decision.
Most of the years were spent at St. John Bosco and Saint Josaphat's elementary schools on Chicago's North side.
He is a light heavyweight boxer and has fought for the WBC Youth World super middleweight title.
He has since gone on to play for Coventry City, Charlton Athletic and Northampton Town before dropping into Non-league football with Kettering Town and Corby Town.
As an amateur, Gavin won a gold medal in the lightweight division at the 2007 World Championships, becoming England's first ever winner of that event.
After a nearly three-quarter year-and-a-half layoff, he is scheduled to box in The Contender Challenge: UK vs. USA, facing Jerson Ravelo.
Vaia Zaganas is a Canadian boxer from Burnaby, British Columbia.
As a boxing commentator, he offers precise, intelligent commentary based on his own experiences in the ring.
On December 18, 2002, she and Salcedo were rematched, with the vacant IFBA world Super Flyweight title on the line.
Anthony "Tony" Bellew is a British professional boxer.
Armando Humberto Soto Ochoa, best known as Humberto Soto, is a Mexican professional boxer.
He is also a former Olympian for Argentina in the men's middleweight division.
Bretonnel's family were also strongly associated with boxing.
Young Tommy, born Fernando Opao, is a retired bantamweight boxer from the Philippines who went undefeated in his first 18 fights.
His nickname is The Mouse or simply Mouse.
He fought two bouts with Floyd Patterson.
Robert "The Grinder" Baker was a heavyweight boxer whose professional career spanned from 1949 until 1960.
Prior to the event, Lewis was awarded the Ring magazine heavyweight title, which had been vacant since the late 1980s and was last held by Tyson.
At the 2011 Women's European Amateur Boxing Championships held in Rotterdam, Netherlands, she reached to her third European gold medal.
He was 6 feet 4 inches tall.
heavyweight, a retinal detachment ended his boxing career.
He was a coach in the Boxing Club from Kostolac and was a coach of the Mladi Radnik Boxing Club in Požarevac.
He later regained a portion of the world heavyweight championship in 1995, defeating Herbie Hide for the then-fledgling WBO title.
Frazier's last world title challenge came in 1975, but he was beaten by Ali in their brutal rubbermatch, the Thrilla in Manila.
As an amateur, González has represented Puerto Rico at numerous international events, while competing in the flyweight limit of 51 kg.
Yankee Sullivan claimed Hyer's title in 1851 based on Hyer's retirement.
Chung lost his title to Antonio Rivera on August 30, 1986.
He is best known for winning a ten round decision over hall-of-fame champion Alexis Argüello, ending Arguello's ill-conceived bid at a comeback in January 1995.
Yet again, over the next year, Early put another four wins and eventually retired after being defeated by Gary Night in London.
He has also held the IBF middleweight title twice.
Welsh held the title until 1917 when he lost to Benny Leonard, though he continued to fight sparingly until 1922.
He was considered "The greatest lightweight ever" by Cus D'Amato, famous boxing trainer and manager.
He is a two-time former IBF cruiserweight champion, having held the title from 2007 to 2008 and 2010 to 2011.
Lira won the Chicago Novice Golden Gloves championship at middleweight.
His run came to an end when he was knocked out by Sailor Burke in 1906.
Mathis was an impressive hulking figure who often fought at around 245 pounds.
Dante Jardón is a Mexican professional boxer and the former WBC Youth World Super Featherweight Champion.
He beat Buster Dennis on point to record his first victory as a pro.
He is also the only world heavyweight champion to have never been knocked down in any fight.
Born in Maerdy in the Rhondda Valley but fighting out of Luton in England, Rowland's professional career spanned from 1948 to 1958.
In 1913 Dyer was briefly Wales welterweight champion when he beat Jack Delaney, who won the belt back just six weeks later.
It was the last time Sanders fought.
Two more wins followed this defeat, including a six-round knockout of the top contender Carol Brown and a first-round knockout win over Missy Buchanan.
His grandsons are the modern-day boxing, wrestling and MMA announcers Michael Buffer and Bruce Buffer.
The International Boxing Research Organisation rates Hagler as the sixth greatest middleweight of all time, while BoxRec rates him the sixth best middleweight of all time.
After retiring from fighting Dyer ran various boxing gyms in London, successfully managing British flyweight champion Bert Kirby.
James Grover Wiley is a professional boxer in the Middleweight division.
Nelson is sanctioned by the WBO, WBA, and IBF, and has been appointed to officiate over 80 world title fights.
Selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the light heavyweight division.
He died in a January 1995 car crash during a weekend furlough.
She is the current World Boxing Organization and Women's International Boxing Federation world flyweight champion.
Erickson Lubin is an American professional boxer in the light middleweight division.
Yvon Durelle, born in Baie-Ste-Anne, New Brunswick, Canada, was an Acadian Canadian champion boxer.
On July 8, 2005, she fought Missy Fiorentino on short notice, losing a unanimous decision to the undefeated prospect.
Ballas has had troubles after boxing with alcoholism and drug addiction.
His record stands at 11 wins, 31 losses and 3 draws after 45 bouts.
As of 2016 Gross was incarcerated at Terre Haute FCI in Indiana with a release date of November 1, 2048.
In 1928, he was controversially eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing a decision to Marcel Santos of Belgium.
He is one of the sons of boxer Julian Jackson, and his brother Julius Jackson qualified at light-heavyweight.
The professional career of Spider Kelly as a boxer began in 1887 when he knocked out Larry Boylan, with Boylan being removed from the ring unconscious.
He is trained by famed trainer Freddie Roach.
He was the subject of This Is Your Life in 1976 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews just ahead of his fight with Muhammad Ali.
Dixon was inducted posthumously into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1955.
Jack Kracken, born Emil Ecklund, was a Norwegian–American boxer of the 1930s.
He's the former NABF Featherweight, WBC International Super Featherweight, and WBO NABO Lightweight champion.
He is most known for his fight with the Mexican Canelo Álvarez.
Eventually, she and Ali kept on winning.
Steve "Lightning" Little was an American professional boxer.
Darroll Lamont Wilson is a former professional heavyweight boxer best known for his gutsy performances, and taking on some of the best fighters of his day.
In 1985 South Asian Games, he won a Gold medal for Pakistan in Dhaka.
A heavy hitting fighter, with the vast majority of his victories ending in knockouts, he was known as The Tongan Torpedo.
In December 2006 Don King purchased a 50% interest in Duva Boxing for an undisclosed financial sum.
Hamm is originally from Atlanta, Georgia but now lives and trains out of Jackson's Submissions Fighting in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Magee fought at super middleweight but also fought as a light heavyweight and cruiserweight towards the end of his career.
He rose but still looked shaky and the referee stepped in shortly afterwards with Delaney taking punishment on the ropes.
Benjamín Flores was a Mexican professional boxer from Morelia, Michoacán.
Six months after this victory, Walker won the WBC Continental Americas super lightweight title over Francisco Cuesta on July 17, 1995.
Petey Scalzo was an American boxer from Brooklyn, New York.
He had a record of 63–13–6 including 17 knockouts during his career.
Anthony Osezua Ojo Ogogo is an English professional boxer from Lowestoft, England, competing in the middleweight division.
Steven Ormain "Steve" Cunningham is an American professional boxer.
As an amateur, Woodhall won a gold medal at the 1990 Commonwealth Games and bronze at the 1988 Summer Olympics, both in the light-middleweight division.
Hodkinson fought at Featherweight and is the former British, European and World Featherweight Title holder.
Larry Holmes is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1973 to 2002.
He currently works as a boxing trainer.
In the Quarter finals she lost to Mary Kom of India 6-15.
With his punching power, speed and elusive style, Philp soon became the #1 contender for the bantamweight belt.
In 2006 Markussen was in a car accident, which temporary stopped his career.
He was released early in the spring of 1879 due to an eye disease.
Sammy Luftspring was a Jewish Canadian boxer.
Marcela Eliana Acuña is an Argentine female boxer, and part-time politician who is nicknamed La Tigresa.
He fights out of Long Beach, New York.
Lindsay fights at featherweight and is a former IBF Youth featherweight title champion.
Gurov was defeated in December 2005 by David Haye losing the EBU European title in just 45 seconds.
Kevin "Satch" Satchell is an English professional boxer from Liverpool, England, competing in the flyweight division.
On September 12, 1998, Del Valle won a 10-round unanimous decision over Melinda Robinson to claim the vacant WIBF super featherweight title.
Standing at 6 ft 5 in and with a reach of 80 inches, he started boxing at the age of 22 in 1987.
Justann Crawford is a retired indigenous Australian Olympic boxer.
Jermell De'Avante Charlo is an American professional boxer who has held the WBC super welterweight title since 2016.
Leavander Johnson was an American lightweight boxer from Atlantic City, New Jersey, who once held the International Boxing Federation version of the world title.
Lowry is a native of St Paul, Minnesota.
Nicknamed "Big Mac", Maccarinelli was known as a crowd favourite, and during his career accumulated an 80.4% knockout-to-win ratio.
Canto defeated Gonzalez by a fifteen-round split decision on May 24, 1975 at Monterrey, Mexico.
He is a former WBA Regular Bantamweight and Super Bantamweight World Champion, and a former PABA regional Bantamweight and Superbantamweight.
Rudy Cisneros is a professional boxer, and was a contestant on the ESPN reality show "Contender Season 2".
After only seven professional fights he became the 31st Prizefighter champion.
Gomez, who has been compared to Johnny Tapia, has lived a turbulent life and was often involved in controversial fights.
In 2015, he defended his titles once before losing to Canelo Álvarez.
His nickname is The Butcher or the El Carnicero and currently his residence is Mexico.
A highly technical boxer, Tunney had a five-fight rivalry with Harry Greb in which he won three, drew once, with one loss.
His dayjob as a binman is well publicised as his nickname is 'The Boxing Binman'.
In March 1979, Tomori won the annual Japanese boxing series, All-Japan Rookie King Tournament in the junior flyweight division.
Citro received the Boxing Writers Association of America's James J. Walker Award for long and meritorious service to boxing in 1993.
Richard Green was a professional boxing referee.
Rodel Bryan Generalao Mayol, more commonly known as just Rodel Mayol, is a Filipino professional boxer and the former WBC Light Flyweight World Champion.
Anthony Shuler is a professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.
Sharmba David Mitchell is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1988 to 2006.
In 1925, he was the World's third ranked lightweight.
He went on to win the British featherweight title in 1955.
Sidney "Sid" F. Parkinson 6 May 1938 ) born in Wakefield, is an English amateur and professional middleweight boxer of the 1950s, and '60s.
He lost his title after suffering a knockout during his first defence, against Davey Moore at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium on February 2, 1982.
His nickname of "Idi" refers to the similarity of his first name to that of Idi Amin.
2 by The Ring on their list of "100 greatest punchers of all time".
Trinidad made his ring return by defeating Ricardo Mayorga in 2004 and, after a losing effort against Winky Wright in 2005, retired for a second time.
In 1986, he reconsidered his decision and made a comeback.
On February 2012, during an IBF Light Flyweight title fight in Mar del Plata, Argentina, Lazarte was stopped in the tenth round by John Riel Casimero.
She migrated to Germany with her family when she was one.
A year earlier he won a bronze medal at the 1983 Pan American Games.
He is a former Mexican National, WBO NABO, and the WBA World Super Bantamweight Champion.
His professional record includes 22 fights: 17 wins, and 5 losses.
Entitled Bernard Dunne: The Ecstasy and the Agony, it is an up-to-date account of Dunne's beginnings until his defeat to Poonsawat Kratingdaenggym.
He is a former British welterweight champion and has previously held the Commonwealth title at both welterweight and light middleweight.
Sam went on to win every amateur title in Ireland and represented his country in the European, Commonwealth and Olympic Games.
Freddie 'Red' Cochrane, was a professional boxer who held the World Welterweight Championship from 1941 until1946.
Ernie "Indian Red" Lopez, was an American professional boxer.
Winning 16 of 21 fights, including one exhibition fight.
His 85-day reign as champion is the second shortest in heavyweight boxing history, after Tony Tucker's 64 days in 1987.
Gomez won the WBA world featherweight title in 1971.
"Most people do not expect a Vietnamese person to become a boxer.
Reid and Dutchman Van Roosmalen are the only men ever to knock out boxing champion Vitali Klitschko in a kickboxing match.
Alberto Rossel Contreras is a Peruvian boxer and former WBA Light Flyweight Champion.
Savold was inducted into the Minnesota Boxing Hall of Fame in 2012.
Chazz Witherspoon is a heavyweight boxer and the second cousin of former boxing champion Tim Witherspoon.
Eden Sonsona, is a Filipino professional boxer.
Gert Bo Jacobsen is a former WBO welterweight title holder.
Temple won the heavyweight title at the USA National Championships Boxing 2014.
Goss' entire career to this point consisted of ten contests, of which he lost two and drew in two others.
The 2010 biopic The Fighter is based on the two brothers' fall and rise to the boxing title.
Beterbiev is particularly known for his formidable punching power, with all of his professional wins to date scored by knockout or stoppage.
Bendall continued his winning streak beating Collins on points to win his first title as a professional.
Castellani lost a close split decision and knocked Robinson down in the sixth round.
Gilberto Rafael Serrano is a former professional boxer.
Luciano Leonel Cuello is an Argentine boxer in the Light Middleweight division.
Reile later moved to South Florida and currently resides in Miami Beach, Florida.
when Norfolk returned to his corner in the ninth round, being unable to continue to fight.
Albert Pagara is a Filipino professional boxer.
Ephram Romero was a Mexican-American professional boxer from Whittier, California from 1919 to 1920.
George Foster was an American amateur champion and professional boxer.
He had an amateur record of 288 wins and 6 defeats.
Gus Troxler was a professional strong man, boxer, actor, sports promoter, physical-training expert, and inventor.
Vic, according to those who knew him, was a softhearted, generous man.
Jonathan Hamm is a former standout amateur boxer, actor, football player and current mixed martial artist.
Wolgast turned pro in 1925 and was considered one of the fastest boxers of his time.
Johansson had won the world heavyweight title in the first fight.
Jeff Mayweather is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1988 to 1997, and held the IBO super featherweight title from 1994 to 1995.
The youngest of the family Stan, was a CPD sectional champion and had 10 pro bouts.
light welterweight to 146 1⁄2 lb, i.e.
He has also been a sparring partner of Mike Tyson.
Camilo Pérez is a Puerto Rican professional boxer.
He is the son of former World Boxing Champion, Mexican Ricardo López.
According to his wife, on February 24, 2014, the two of them and others were kidnapped in east Caracas.
Accavallo retired as the reigning WBA & WBC champion after escaping with a controversial 15 round majority decision victory over former world flyweight champion Hiroyuki Ebihara.
Lang was inducted into the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame in 2004.
In his last bout, Hernandez lost a decision in a brutal war against former Olympian Vicente Escobedo.
On November 10, 2007, he became the interim WBC Youth World light welterweight champion by beating Wellington De Jesus by 3rd round TKO.
Paul Edwards is an English boxer who fights in the flyweight division.
Shade was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2011.
Casey won the fight and was crowned European Super Bantamweight champion.
Stanley Poreda was a Jersey City boxer considered a top heavyweight contender in the early 1930s.
Though born in Kazakhstan and currently residing in Moscow, she competed professionally for Russia and is of Russian descent.
John is the brother of British former Olympian Joe Murray.
During his career he also became the Spanish champion and twice challenged for the EBU title.
In 1999 he faced Lennox Lewis in a unification fight for the undisputed WBA, WBC, IBF, and lineal titles, which ended in a controversial split draw.
Vakhtang "Vic" Darchinyan is an Armenian professional boxer.
César Figueroa Hernández is a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division and is the former NABF Featherweight Champion.
After one more victory, Núñez was given her first world championship try, for the WIBF's world Super Middleweight championship.
In 2005, he dropped a decision to rising star Alexander Dimitrenko.
David Price is a British professional boxer.
Lira boxed professionally from 1976 to 1984, compiling a record of 29 wins, 6 losses, and 1 draw, with 16 knockouts.
He has also had two televised fights, both in 2008, fighting David Walker on Sky Sports, as well as Steve O'Meara on ITV4.
Schmeling died in 2005 aged 99, a sporting icon in his native Germany.
In 2006, he won Ring Magazine's Knockout of the Year for his win against Zuri Lawrence and challenged for the IBF and IBO heavyweight titles.
Making his professional debut in 1952, Besmanoff mainly fought in Germany for the first half of his career, before subsequently relocating to the United States.
In 2011, The Ring ranked Hopkins third on their list of the "10 best middleweight title holders of the last 50 years."
Two years later, Cotto defeated Sergio Martínez to win the unified WBC, Ring, and lineal middleweight titles.
In November 1993, he took part in the world amateur championship of WAKO, held at Atlantic City, New Jersey.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Frenchman Jean Tholey.
Jaime Garza was a Mexican American boxer in the Featherweight division.
He currently trains professional boxer Michael Gibbons, whom he trained as an amateur.
Martin Ángel Martínez Velarde is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division.
Known as "The Deputy Sheriff", Foster was one of the greatest light heavyweight champions in boxing history.
Clinton Woods is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1994 to 2009, and held the IBF light-heavyweight title from 2005 to 2008.
Gary Toups taught Quantis Graves the great sport of boxing.
He is the first British boxer to reach the final of the World Amateur Boxing Championships, where he won a silver medal in 2001.
Mercante's son also became a noted referee.
Prince, who for 21 years has worked to promote Houston's rap scene and rap artists, is now working to promote underprivileged neighborhoods and communities.
He is the holder of the English flyweight title and has also competed for the full British title.
Dmitry Chudinov is a Russian professional boxer.
Manuel Ramos, nicknamed Pulgarcito, was a Mexican boxer.
Pelkey reportedly was never the same after killing McCarty.
He was introduced to boxing in his childhood, becoming involved at the age of 12.
Tomas Barrientes is a Mexican American professional boxer in the Welterweight division and is the former IBA Light Welterweight Champion.
After beginning his career 12–1–1, Carrasco had a streak on which he went 92–0–1.
He has appeared in the Pan American Games and Commonwealth Games.
Wright came close knocking out Small in the eighth round, but ran out of gas before he was able to do so.
Francisco is trained by former IBF Super Featherweight Champion Roberto Garcia.
Chacon had a record of 59 wins, 7 losses and 1 no contest, with 47 wins coming by knockout.
Wright lost by split decision ~ 75-77 | 74-78 | 77-76 ~.
Rick "Rocky" Lockridge is an American former professional boxer.
Elcock challenged for the IBF middleweight title against the unbeaten World champion Arthur Abraham on 8 December 2007, losing by a fifth round knockout.
Najai Turpin's initials were imprinted on Ishe Oluwa Ali Smith's shorts during a match, and the episode in which Najai fought was dedicated to him.
As an amateur, Cermeño represented Venezuela at the 2000 Olympics as a bantamweight, reaching the Round of 16.
These included Sugar Ray Robinson, Bob Montgomery, Beau Jack, Fritzie Zivic, Henry Armstrong, Redtop Davis, Sonny Boy West, and Ike Williams.
In 1954 he made an unsuccessful attempt at the British Honduras welterweight title in Belize City.
McCallum was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2003.
Doherty and Ford were regional lightweight champions while Mitchell was a boxer of such caliber that he once defeated 1906 World Welterweight Champion William "Honey" Melody.
Gurucharan Singh was last employed as a Naik Subedar in the 17 Sikh Battalion in the Indian Army
In all, he fought six world champions on ten different occasions.
He went undefeated in 16 bouts with 15 wins and 1 draw before losing a unanimous decision to a then undefeated Diego Corrales.
Gonzalez retired with a record of 76 wins, 12 losses and 3 draws, with 48 wins by knockout.
Salgado is promoted by current WBC Champion, Mexican Saúl Álvarez' company Canelo Promotions.
He also established himself as a successful character actor in television and film.
Prince Badi Ajamu — nicknamed the Boxing Prince — is best known for taking a fight against former champion Roy Jones Jr.
He is currently ranked second by The Ring, also ranked second by the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board, and ranked first by BoxRec.
Jong-Kwon Baek is a former boxer from South Korea.
As a boxer, he was known for his unpredictable style, sometimes marking completely unexpected victories, and often losing in extravagant fashion as well.
Wayne Braithwaite is a Guyanese former professional boxer who competed from 1997 to 2012, and held the WBC cruiserweight title from 2002 to 2005.
Her fourth fight, on 19 October 1996 against Severine Grandsire, was her first fight in Germany, and Aboro won by a sixth-round technical knockout.
He retired in 1994 with 24 wins, 25 losses, and 1 draw.
He fought unsuccessfully for a World title in 1950.
Saúl "La Cobra" Montana is a Mexican boxer in the Heavyweight division.
Many boxing historians consider Wills the most egregious victim of the "color line" drawn by white heavyweight champions.
Because he was African-American, he was not given a shot at the world heavyweight title, though he did win the World Colored Heavyweight Championship.
He won a silver medal at his first major international tournament, the 1952 Olympics, losing in the final to Floyd Patterson.
As a pro he won the NABF heavyweight title and was a regular sparring partner of a peak Mike Tyson.
Morris Grant, was an African American boxer who claimed the status of being the World Colored Heavyweight Champ and was the second boxer recognized as such.
Reile was born in Utica, New York and lived there during her childhood.
As boxing was his boyhood dream, he started to attend the Antwerpse Boksschool.
Graziano is considered one of the greatest knockout artists in boxing history, often displaying the capacity to take his opponent out with a single punch.
Rosario was posthumously inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2006.
He scored three wins over Archie Moore and beat Jack Chase, Johnny "Bandit" Romero and Eddie Booker.
He also fought five world champions in the United States.
Freddie Steele was a boxer and film actor born Frederick Earle Burgett in Seattle, Washington.
He was selected to the U.S. Olympic boxing team in 1940, but the games were not held because of World War II.
He is a former WBC–USNBC light welterweight champion.
He was born in Towanda, Pennsylvania but resided in Ithaca, New York, where he was known as the "Ithaca Giant".
James Hall, better known as Seaman Nobby Hall, was a Scottish boxer who was British and European lightweight champion between 1922 and 1923.
After an onslaught from Khan in the seventh round, the referee stopped the fight with the Dane unable to defend himself.
His older brother Juan Manuel Márquez is also a professional boxer and multiple-time world champion.
Folley was knocked out in the 7th round being somewhat past his best.
A southpaw, Wake is dubbed a "sharp shooter" due to his accuracy and speed in the ring.
Since 1989 he suffered severe losses to Riddick Bowe, Tommy Morrison and Tim Witherspoon.
In 1924, Funk was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Joseph Beecken.
In the heavyweight division, the color bar was adamantly defended by Old Chocolate Godfrey's contemporary, "The Boston Strong Boy", John L. Sullivan.
Kelly fought his final professional fights in the Bantamweight division but was more noted for boxing in the Flyweight division.
Currently, she is a student of physical education and sports at the Black Sea Technical University.
The WBA then held an emergency meeting in Panama City, Panama, to review the fight's tapes.
He won 14 career fights, lost 23, and had one draw.
Gennady Gennadyevich Golovkin is a Kazakhstani professional boxer who currently holds the unified WBA, WBC, IBF, and IBO middleweight titles.
That led to reform in the creation of padded canvas ring surfaces.
His record as of November 2016 was 10–2–1.
Managed by Tommy Walsh, Moore fought over 200 fights.
Joe Gallagher is a British former amateur boxer.
Hatanaka was so nervous that he remembered almost nothing after the fight.
He made his mark in the twelve-round lightweight slugfest against Omar Figueroa in July 2013, that earned him the nickname after the film Rocky.
He is a former two-weight world champion, having held the WBA and IBO super lightweight titles in 2014, and the WBO welterweight title in 2016.
Chic Calderwood was a Scottish light-heavyweight boxer from Craigneuk in North Lanarkshire, Scotland who was active from 1957 to 1966.
Dariusz Michalczewski is a Polish-German former professional boxer who competed from 1991 to 2005.
Don Jordan was a boxer born in Los Angeles, California and was the Welterweight Champion of the World from 1958 to 1960.
Born in Montería, Colombia on January 16, 1952, Mercado was once a sparring partner for Argentine heavyweight Oscar Bonavena, before turning professional on November 15, 1975.
Clark was inducted into the Chautauqua Sports Hall of Fame in 1983 and the Buffalo Boxing Hall of Fame in 1998.
Holmes began his pro career in 1989 and captured the WBC Middleweight Title by scoring a TKO over Quincy Taylor in 1996.
Paul Butlin is a British heavyweight boxer.
In 1997, he was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
He is the twin brother of WBO light flyweight champion Ramón García Hirales.
He is also ranked as the world's second best boxer, pound for pound, by The Ring; and fifth by BoxRec and the TBRB.
Romain Jacob is a French professional boxer.
In his childhood, Pical was a pearl diver, diving without equipment.
Alvin Brown is a professional American boxer in the Light Welterweight division and is the former North American Boxing Association Featherweight champion.
He, along with son Joe, is the founder of Calzaghe Promotions.
A native of Mexico City, Olivares was a world champion multiple times, and considered by many as the greatest bantamweight champion of all time.
Carlos Quintana is a retired Puerto Rican professional boxer.
He held the European heavyweight title and also challenged for the WBO world heavyweight title.
O'Dowd was knocked out just once in his career, his last fight on March 16, 1923.
Adams is a highly respected boxing trainer, having been inducted into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame in 2010.
His brother is Welterweight prospect Azriel Páez and his father is the former WBO, IBF Champion Jorge Páez.
Eleuterio Zapanta or Little Dado,, was a flyweight boxer from the Philippines, who became World bantamweight champion in 1940 and World flyweight champion in 1941.
Eugène was the 2015 Inductee for the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame International category.
Manuel Ávila is an American professional boxer.
José Iván Morales Elvira is a Mexican professional boxer in the Bantamweight division.
Hugo Pastor Corro, better known plainly as Hugo Corro, was a former boxer from Argentina who was a World Middleweight champion.
Carlos is promoted by current WBC Champion, Mexican Saúl Álvarez' company Canelo Promotions.
He has since retired from competition and become a coach.
Born Tracy Harris, he is the adopted son of former Golden Gloves and World Champion Floyd Patterson, turned Golden Gloves success into a solid pro career.
George Raft "Scrap Iron" Johnson was an American heavyweight boxer whose career spanned the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
Jeannine Garside is a Canadian star in the sport of women's boxing.
Grove turned pro in 1982 and in 1988 captured the IBF featherweight title with a TKO over Antonio Rivera.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzinghi is an Italian former professional boxer who held the world light middleweight championship twice.
Thomas was defeated by Pedro Sosa the following day.
Robert "Bravo" Brant is a middleweight professional boxer from Oakdale, Minnesota.
Additionally he challenged for the WBO middleweight title in 1997, and the WBC light-middleweight title in 2011.
His manager is former middleweight world title challenger Gary Lockett.
His life was marked by his sporting achievements, social lifestyle and ultimately, tragedy, being killed in an airplane crash.
Glenwood Brown was a professional boxer in the welterweight division.
A new fight was scheduled for 21 July, with Gustav Eder as Trollmann's opponent.
Tall and husky for a man of his generation, Joseph was encouraged by his friends in the service to box.
It was only after 117 amateur bouts he emerged as a professional and captured two lightweight titles.
Some boxing observers believe Achieng won the fight.
Gilberto is the former WBC Light Flyweight Champion.
Later, he began to work as a photographer and continued to compete in boxing.
He defended the belt once before losing it to Rafael Ruelas in 1994.
He won his first 19 fights, before losing to Bradley Pryce on points on May 8, 2003.
Stephane Jamoye is a Belgian professional boxer.
Rey Iván Popoca is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division.
Adonis is the illegitimate son of Apollo Creed; the result of an affair by the former heavyweight champion and a woman with the surname Johnson.
super flyweight to 129 1⁄2 lb, i.e.
Ruslan Mikhailovich Provodnikov is a Russian professional boxer who held the WBO junior welterweight title from 2013 to 2014.
After the loss to McDonnell, Wood had a comeback fight against Martin Mubiru and put in good performance and earned a 3rd round TKO.
Fiorentino won her first four fights by knockout.
He has represented both Northern Ireland and Ireland.
Next year he turned professional and in 1965 won the vacant European title against Paul Chervet.
Ahmed Elbiali is an Egyptian-American professional boxer.
He retired from boxing with a total of:
According to family members, Goldman was sponsored by Damon Runyon, Author of Guys and Dolls, and Owney Madden, owner of the famed Cotton Club.
He defended it three times before losing a controversial split decision to Markus Beyer in Germany in April 2003.
In October 2009, Spina fought to a draw with former WBA world light heavyweight champion Lou Del Valle.
Chris Saunders is a British former boxer who was British welterweight champion between 1995 and 1996.
Conjestina Achieng (born 20 October 1977 in Umiru village, Yala division, Siaya District.
In 1997, Jackson came to Belgium, where his father was already living.
In 2002, Barney held the Southern Area super middleweight title.
Aldo Colliander unexpectedly won the heavyweight brawl against former world champion Robert "preacherman" Daniels boxing gala in Scandinavium.
In 2013 Simon won the vacant IBF International Light Heavyweight title against Geard Ajetović, he defended it against him again in 2014.
Known as "Boom boom", Johnson turned pro in 1986 and in 1991 challenged Manuel Medina for the IBF Featherweight Title, losing a technical decision.
Stephanie "Golden Girl" Jaramillo is a former professional boxer.
Kazuto Ioka　(井岡 一翔 Ioka Kazuto, born 24 March 1989) is a Flyweight boxer from Japan.
Gans was known as the "Old Master".
Rogelio Medina is a Mexican professional boxer and former world title challenger.
Kim Ji-hoon is a South Korean super featherweight/lightweight boxer.
Alcorn remained undefeated at 18-0-0 while Del Valle fell to 28-4-1.
Danell Nicholson was an American Olympian and a boxer in the heavyweight division.
Elvin Ayala is an American professional boxer from New Haven, Connecticut.
Conjestina is the fifth born in a family of ten.
He also held wins over Tony Sibson and Gratien Tonna.
As an amateur, following his success in 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships, Yigit qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
From 1993 to 1997, The Ring ranked him as the best boxer in the world, pound for pound.
In his career, Singer won 61 of 72 pro fights, drawing twice, and losing nine.
Pical was allegedly caught in the act of selling drugs to some undercover policemen in a discothèque in Jakarta during September 2005.
In his first 36 fights, he had a record of 28-2-6.
Gary Russell Jr. is an American professional boxer.
Oyebola was the British heavyweight champion from 1994 to 1996.
He is a former holder of both the English and British super middleweight titles and has challenged for the Commonwealth title at the weight.
Nicknamed "Jaws", his peculiar nickname was the result of him accidentally biting another boxer during a sparring session.
To date Pete Podgorski has officiated 64 World Title bouts and well over 100 total title bouts for World and Regional titles.
He has a large reach in comparison with his height and is known for his distinctively low guard.
Canino had a respectable boxing record of fifteen wins and four losses, with five knockout wins.
In 2016, both brothers became world champions when Jermell won the WBC light middleweight title.
After a poor season with the Heat, he announced his final retirement.
Takashi Koshimoto is a former Japanese professional boxer in the featherweight division.
On 2 February 2008, he lost by technical knockout to Michael Jennings in a title bout for the World Boxing Union world welterweight crown.
He is a two-time light middleweight world champion, having held the IBF title from 1998 to 2000, and the WBA title from 2001 to 2002.
LeChaunce Shepherd is an American former boxer.
Kim Duk-Koo was a South Korean boxer who died following a world championship boxing match against Ray Mancini.
Fidel Ortiz Tovar, also known as Fidelón was a Mexican boxer who represented his country in the 1928 and 1936 Summer Olympics.
Juan Fernando Urango Rivas, best known as Juan Urango, is a Colombian former professional boxer who competed from 2002 to 2012.
Tom O'Rourke was born in Boston and became a boxing manager in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
He finished second at the 2010 Youth World Amateur Boxing Championships, becoming the second consecutive Puerto Rican to win a medal in the flyweight division.
Born in Watts, California, Mosley is boxing champion Shane Mosley's cousin.
Nicknamed "The Beast", Bates was a moderately successful fighter who fought several other journeyman fighters of his era.
Lontchi is the current NABA super bantamweight champion and like fellow Cameroon born fighter Herman Ngoudjo he is trained by Howard Grant and based in Montreal.
Five successful defences made until an upset loss to Vince Phillips in 1997, which was Tszyu's first professional defeat.
Billy Papke was an American boxer who held the World Middleweight Championship.
Nicknamed "The Facelifter," Monaco is a clubfighter who fought several significant fighters of his era.
Baldwin fought the great Jack Britton in New York City, New York, but lost by decision.
During his career, he became British, Commonwealth, European and World flyweight champion.
Arturo Badillo is a Mexican professional boxer.
Thornhill also held the Lonsdale belt before being stripped after failing a drugs test.
He is a two-weight world champion, having held the WBA light heavyweight title from 2010 to 2014, and the WBA cruiserweight title from 2016 to 2017.
Arthur Lakofsky, also known as Art Lasky, was a heavyweight professional boxer from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
In August 2013, Morrison's mother announced that her son was in the final stages of AIDS, and he died on September 1, 2013.
Glen Flanagan was a featherweight professional boxer from Minnesota.
Luciano is the current WBC Latino Welterweight and former WBO Latino Light Middleweight Champion.
Oisín Fagan, nicknamed "Gael Force", is an Irish professional boxer based in Oklahoma City, U.S., who fights in the light welterweight and lightweight divisions.
Returned home, he successfully served as boxing referee in nine European and four World championships and two Olympic Games.
Darryl Tyson is an American former professional boxer.
After two successful defences he moved up to super bantamweight and, in 2009, won the British title beating Mark Moran.
He also won five, lost nine and drew one newspaper decisions.
He fought as a Welterweight, becoming British welterweight champion in 1960.
He was born in Newport News, Virginia.
Bobby Arthur is a British former boxer who was British welterweight champion between 1972 and 1973.
It was Smiths first defeat as a professional.
Enzo Maccarinelli is a Welsh former professional boxer who competed from 1999 to 2016.
He is the older brother of former world boxing champion, Arturo Gatti.
Ali stated he'd respected Folley and was nervous before the match.
On October 4, 2002, she fought Trisha Hill at the Dunkin' Donuts Center, in Providence.
In 2008 he competed for the full British title and in 2009 competed for the Commonwealth.
José Antonio Aguirre is a Mexican professional boxer in the strawweight division.
He won the IBF junior flyweight title from Colombian Carlos Támara on May 29, 2010.
His boxing record comes out to: 38 wins, 13 losses, and 11 draws.
Jimmy Barry was an Irish-American boxer from Chicago, Illinois.
However, he was not able to keep his early success going and lost his fourth fight.
Frank Fred Androff, alias The Great One, was a heavyweight professional boxer from Anoka, Minnesota.
