The Fremont Bridge was opened on Friday June 15, 1917, at a cost of $410,000.
Eysey Footbridge is a footbridge across the River Thames in England, just below Cricklade, Wiltshire and to the south of Eysey Manor.
An expansion joint suffered cracking and spalling during the 2001 Nisqually earthquake.
The iron was cast by John Butler of Stanningley.
The City of Toronto performed maintenance work in 2004 that narrowed the roadbed and rebuilt sidewalks on both sides.
It is a relatively new bridge replacing the nearby Zero Bridge to connect Sonwar and Rajbagh.
The top level of the bridge will be carrying automobile traffic, while the bottom - rail traffic.
The Eleanor Ward Bridge is a four-lane road bridge in Coquitlam, British Columbia.
It involved the reconstruction of the approaching roadways and replacement of the existing concrete bridge deck.
It was dismantled in 1967 and relocated to Arizona.
The traffic growth/volume in Southern Maryland has led to congestion and delays, especially on holidays and weekends.
The bridge’s WGCB number is 35-04-06, and it is located approximately 3.2 mi south of downtown Conneaut.
In addition to the vehicular traffic, the bridge conveys pedestrians and bicyclists across the canal by way of sidewalks on each side of the roadway.
The bridge was named after the 33rd Sultan of Perak, Almarhum Sultan Idris Al-Mutawakkil Allahi Shah II Afifullah.
The bridge has been designed for a train speed of 160 km per hour.
It is a Grade II* listed structure.
Birchenough Bridge is located 62 km from Chipinge in the Manicaland province of Zimbabwe linking Chipinge with Buhera.
In April 2011 a massive Freeparty took place under the bridge, with reportedly over 5,000 ravers in attendance.
From this middle position, the span would then only need to be raised for large ships or lowered to allow trains to cross.
On 23 July 2017, hundreds of Ahrar al-Sham fighters withdrew along with their equipment from the crossing and retreated to Turkey.
Chirundu is the only town on the Zambezi where two bridges cross the river.
Chevelon Creek Bridge is a historic road bridge located southeast of Winslow, in Navajo County, eastern Arizona.
The three bridges of the Triborough Bridge complex are:
Even the gravel and sand for the piers were excavated from the river by the local contractor, Dravo.
The span lengths are 95 m - 127 m - 133 m - 4 x 130 m - 95 m.
It carries M-13 and M-84 over the Saginaw River.
After many delays, it opened in 2007.
The bridge was repaired c. 1969, and after flood damage in 1996, 2005, and 2013.
The Menands Bridge, officially known as the Troy-Menands Bridge, carries New York State Route 378 across the Hudson River in New York connecting Menands with Troy.
As a part of Norwegian County Road 166, it connects the islands of Indre Øksningan and Ytre Øksningan with the rest of Herøy.
The main bridge spans 972 m over the Tagus River and the Sorraia River.
When completed in 1916 it was the longest bridge of its kind in Canada.
The construction of Dedaye Bridge across Toe River started on 10 June 2000.
The Connecticut Southern Railroad bridge is a 5-span truss bridge connecting Hartford and East Hartford, Connecticut, over the Connecticut River.
By the 1960s, the importance of the Low Bridge had been dramatically reduced.
The Varodd Bridges are two parallel bridges in Kristiansand municipality, in Vest-Agder county, Norway, and they cross the Topdalsfjorden.
The Great Western Railway Usk bridge [1] is a crossing of the River Usk in Newport city centre, Wales.
It was built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries, with construction starting in 1987 and completed in 1993.
Cropredy Bridge is a bridge in north Oxfordshire that carries the minor road between Cropredy and the hamlet of Williamscot.
The actual bridge was not torn down, but rather buried with only the railings and lamp posts removed.
The cost estimate for construction of the bridge was US $60 million, implemented by a consortium of Vietnamese contractors.
The Andøy Bridge is a cantilever road bridge that crosses the Risøysundet strait between the islands of Andøya and Hinnøya in Nordland county, Norway.
During construction stone from a local quarry was used which broke when affected by frost.
The Conowingo Dam is a large hydroelectric dam in the lower Susquehanna River near the town of Conowingo, Maryland.
The increase in traffic caused the old bridge to deteriorate faster than expected.
It lies in a valley to the south of the Magaliesberg mountain range and north of the Witwatersberg mountain range, about 35 kilometers west of Pretoria.
The northbound span, a concrete arch bridge, is named after its designer, New Jersey Highway Department engineer Morris Goodkind.
The Wright's Ferry Bridge carries U.S. Route 30 over the Susquehanna River between Columbia and Wrightsville, Pennsylvania.
Near the bridge is the historic remains of the 1842 Erie Canal Aqueduct.
In 2002, the corrugated metal roof that capped the bridge's gable roof was replaced with synthetic material, as well as other repairs.
Road crossings downstream of this point use tunnels.
The bridge has a single span, wooden, double Burr arch trusses design with the addition of steel hanger rods.
The bridge takes its name from the former state director of highways for Alabama, Woolsey Finnell.
The 1836 Williamsport Bridge was a wooden structure that served Monongahela while the town was under its original name.
The freeway section of US 611 became interstate 80, which now also would be completed west and eastbound.
The Golden Ears Bridge is a six-lane extradosed bridge in Metro Vancouver, British Columbia.
Traffic across the bridge was opened on 5 November 1953.
It is located 5 kilometres south of the village of Tennfjord, 3.5 kilometres west of Skodje, and 4.5 kilometres northwest of Valle.
The bridge has a single span, wooden, double Burr arch trusses design with the addition of steel hanger rods.
Trucks and buses are directed to drive on the rail portion of the bridge, which is capable of handling heavier loads.
The main span is 325 metres and the maximum clearance to the sea is 41 metres.
Commuters have had to back down off the bridge due to a malfunction.
The Kauffman's Distillery Covered Bridge or Sporting Hill Bridge is a covered bridge that spans Chiques Creek in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
It is the world's longest surviving bridge from ancient times, having once featured an estimated overall length of 755 m with 62 spans.
It was used for car traffic until 2005, when a replacement bridge was built to preserve it from wear and tear.
On the Surrey bank are the outskirts of Chertsey with Abbey Chase house on the river bank.
Designed by Edward S. Shaw, the bridge was built by the New England Structural Company of East Everett, Massachusetts.
The northbound bridge was completed first, and housed two lanes of both north and south-bound traffic until the second bridge was finished.
The Wabasha–Nelson Bridge bridges is a truss bridge that connects Wabasha, Minnesota with Nelson, Wisconsin.
The Sir Leo Hielscher Bridges are a side-by-side pair of road bridges on the Gateway Motorway, which skirts the eastern suburbs of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Dyavolski most was rebuilt between 1515 and 1518 by the Bulgarian Master Dimitar under the Ottoman occupation of Bulgaria.
The Old Finch Avenue bridge is a Bailey bridge in Toronto.
The bridges' 90-foot piles are the largest ever manufactured in the United States.
It served Amtrak's Illinois Zephyr from Chicago to West Quincy, Missouri, from 1971 to 1993.
The bridge is 401 metres long, and the longest span is 230 metres.
The bridge is a part of the Incheon International Airport Expressway.
Like the Crawford Street Bridge, it was not torn down but buried.
The earlier draft described a arch bridge whose total length was 2.355 km.
The bridge, however, has continued to be popularly known as the Hood Canal Bridge.
The bridge was originally constructed by the Cumberland Valley Railroad as part of the mainline from Harrisburg to Hagerstown via Chambersburg.
Construction of the bridge started in 1918, it opened to traffic in 1920, and decorative work was completed in 1928.
Hegigio Gorge Pipeline Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning 470 metres over the Hegigio River.
The bridge is designated as New York State Route 901B, an unsigned reference route.
It is actually two cantilever truss bridges end to end.
It is a small bridge over a local creek built around the turn of the 20th century.
Together with the Hadsel Bridge it connects the islands of Hadseløya and Langøya.
Construction began in 1998, and it initially opened in June 2000.
The new Star City Bridge is equipped with over 700 sensors that measure the weight, speed, and number of vehicles that cross it.
The Mingjiang Bridge, also known as the Qingzhou Bridge, is a cable-stayed bridge over the Min River in Fuzhou, Fujian, China.
In 2006 it was reconstructed and restored with federal and state grants, and reopened without any load restrictions.
The Warren truss bridge cost $25.9 million to build, and was opened to traffic on June 30, 1997.
The bridge links White County, Illinois with Posey County, Indiana.
In 2010, the New York City Department of Transportation, which operates and maintains the bridge, reported an average daily traffic volume in both directions of 37,292.
The bridge closed to passenger traffic in 1951 and to goods in 1984.
The Burr Arch single span style bridge crossed Coal Creek and was built by J.J. Daniels in 1869.
To the west is the site of the former Boone's Ferry, which the bridge replaced.
The barrier is expected to close once per five to ten years.
It is one of the oldest bridges in Pakistan.
The bridge was opened to vehicle traffic on July 23, 2007, replacing an adjacent span opened in 1930.
Tilikum Crossing, Bridge of the People is a cable-stayed bridge across the Willamette River in Portland, Oregon, United States.
The Stone Bridge is a bridge across the Griboyedov Canal in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
By 2016, there was some repairs on the route, but trading had not been restored to previous levels.
In 2017, the bridge was officially renamed as the Master Sgt.
The bridge opened to rail and pedestrian traffic on May 1, 1881.
It connects Buckland on the south bank to Chimney on the north.
It was completed in 1890 and demolished in 1992 to make way for the Taylor-Southgate Bridge, which opened in 1995.
Swithland Viaduct is a railway viaduct in Leicestershire that carries the former Great Central Main Line over Swithland Reservoir.
The bridge has a total length of 1,548 feet with a main span of 180 feet.
Veterans Memorial Bridge, also called the Beverly-Salem Bridge, is a fixed-span roadway crossing of the Danvers River carrying Massachusetts Route 1A between Salem and Beverly, Massachusetts.
It is eligible to be listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Pentele Bridge or M8 Danube Bridge is a highway bridge spanning river Danube between Dunavecse and Dunaújváros.
Water levels of the tidal Dee vary significantly during the day.
It was the third bridge over the Yangtze after the Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge and the Chongqing Baishatuo Yangtze River Bridge.
At night the bridge is lit up and is a beautiful sight for those driving on or crossing Interstate 280.
The bridge is currently undergoing rehabilitation and is expected to open in December 2013.
On the 2002 anniversary convention of Verkfræðingafélag Islands, the Icelandic engineering association, the bridge was awarded the most outstanding Icelandic engineering project of the 1921-1930 decade.
In 1923, the bridge’s masonry abutments were refurbished, and its superstructure was strengthened by encasing the inner three ribs in concrete.
The Maungatapu Bridge is a beam bridge which crosses the Tauranga Harbour and connects the Matapihi and Maungatapu peninsulas in New Zealand.
Lanes one, six and seven at the Grand Island toll plaza are for E-ZPass users; the remaining lanes are manned toll booths.
Built about 1890, it is one of two surviving covered bridges in the rural community.
It is the fifth bridge to span the river at this general location.
The Wet'suwet'en later reinforced their bridge using cable abandoned after the disbandment of the Russian–American Telegraph expedition.
Key technical data of the bridge include:
It has been rebuilt since then and was re-opened on 6 April 2012.
The bridge is heavily used by Norfolk Southern freight trains.
The lift span is 408 feet long.
The bridge connects the town of Kuala Kangsar with Sayong village, spanning 330 meters across the river.
The original two-lane bridge was replaced from 1975 to 1982 with a wider four-lane bridge that could handle increased traffic volumes.
Regulator cum bridge is now just working as a bridge due to faulty construction.
In 2004 it was dedicated to James H. Pruitt.
The length of bridge is almost half mile with 10 km approach roads on both sides.
Today there are no visible signs of the bridge being present other than plaques and sidewalk markers added in 2008 by the City of Toronto.
Tie rods were added in 1930 to brace the spandrel walls.
The bridge was designed by Canadian consultant, McElhanney Consulting Services Ltd..
The Sheppey Crossing is not open to pedestrians, bicycles, or horses, and these continue to use the older bridge, as does the railway line to Sheerness.
The bridge is one of the largest public works projects undertaken by the state of Wisconsin.
It is owned and maintained by the BNSF Railway and carries two tracks.
The Bowen Bridge was built with the intention of assisting the commuters of Hobart, should something happen to the Tasman Bridge.
It is named after Dr Benjamin Henry Sheares, the second president of the Republic, who died four months before the bridge was opened to the public.
The bridge crosses the Bolsøysund strait between the mainland and the island of Bolsøya.
The bridge, which features nineteen total arches across 2,193 feet, provides main access to Belle Isle.
A sidewalk, along the east facing side of the bridge, provides pedestrian access.
The bridge is of Burr arch design, built by George W. Holmes in 1887.
The bridge is the oldest surviving iron bridge in Alabama, making it an important transportation and engineering landmark for the state.
Ridley Bridge is a stone arch road bridge over the River South Tyne near Ridley Hall in Northumberland.
The last train to cross the bridge was in 1981, and the line and bridge was abandoned in 1983.
It was erected in 1952 but dates back to World War II when it was manufactured for the British Army.
In 2005, the Missouri Department of Transportation again rehabbed and repainted the bridge, replacing the green color of the bridge with gray.
The bridge was demolished successfully with explosives at 9:49 AM on Tuesday, January 26, 2016.
It is an example of a Pratt truss.
The Ayguesvives Aqueduct is one of several aqueducts on the Canal du Midi.
The first was erected in 1905 slightly to the north of the existing bridge, and was described in The Engineer in 1908.
It opened to traffic on May 12, 2012, after a $125.3M construction project replaced the previous bascule bridge.
It was named Wabasha Street Freedom Bridge in 2002, to commemorate the first anniversary of the September 11 attacks.
It was taken down in 1998, after just 29 years in service.
Its two pylons are each 208 metres heigh making the bridge to the one with the highest pylons in Sichuan.
The Fort Duquesne Bridge is a steel tied arch bridge that spans the Allegheny River in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The tollbooths remained in place and are the only surviving examples of bridge tollbooths in London.
Lambeth Bridge is a road traffic and footbridge crossing the River Thames in an east-west direction in central London.
The Eiffel Bridge is a bridge over the River Prut and a checkpoint between Moldova and Romania.
The bridge was opened on 1999 along with the opening of the Kota Tinggi Bypass.
The Ann W. Richards Congress Avenue Bridge crosses over Lady Bird Lake in Austin, Texas.
This model represented the first use in reinforced concrete of a cantilevered and counterweight construction in either Britain or Ireland.
The project covers three districts —Munshiganj, Shariatpur and Madaripur.
It is not expected to be demolished anytime soon due to demolition work costing an estimated $757,791.7.
In 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as structure number 80003536.
It was originally constructed for the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad, a predecessor of BNSF Railway.
The road deck is 28 feet above the river and held in place by fourteen one-inch cables attached to the towers made of nine-inch iron pipe.
The arches measure 53 feet, 62 feet 6 inches and 52 feet respectively.
It was designed and built in 1876 by Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad.
It carried highway M-26 over the river from 1915 until 1990, when the adjacent Eagle River Timber Bridge replaced it for automobile traffic.
The bridge, originally painted silver, was repainted deep green in 1983, and repaired in 1999.
It was opened on 1967 by the late Sultan of Kelantan.
It is located at river mile 169, between Bridge of the Gods at RM 148 and The Dalles Bridge at RM 191.
It carries CSX Philadelphia Subdivision rail lines over the river, and sits upstream from the Passyunk Avenue Bridge and downstream from the Grays Ferry Bridge.
In 1915 the bridge was further strengthened to accommodate the extra weight of electric trams and widened to accommodate two cantilever footpaths.
The West Newton Bridge is a structure that crosses the Youghiogheny River between the eastern and western portions of West Newton, Pennsylvania.
It runs parallel to the Muddy River.
They also provide one of the four shortest routes of land travel between the Northeastern United States and the central United States.
As per railway officials the bridge would reduce the distance between Sealdah and New Jalpaiguri by about 21 km.
In 1940, it was demolished and replaced.
The bridge connects Gorky park and Fatix Ämirxan Avenue.
The Stolma Bridge is a road bridge over the Stolmasundet strait in Austevoll municipality, Hordaland county, Norway.
The Mill Street Stone Arch Bridge is located on that street in Pine Hill, New York, United States.
Because of the state of the bridge, planning for its replacement began in 1999; full construction to replace the bridge is scheduled to begin in 2016.
The Cincinnati–Newport Bridge, also known as the Central Bridge, was a cantilever bridge which crossed the Ohio River between Newport, Kentucky and Cincinnati, Ohio.
Black Narrows and Lewis Creek Channel via the Chincoteague Channel Drawbridge and Marsh Island Connector
The Henningsvær Bridges are two box girder cantilever bridges made of prestressed concrete.
The O Street Viaduct was located in the South Omaha, Nebraska.
According to the Illinois Department of Transportation, the Murray Baker Bridge was built in 1958, and had an original length of 3,216 feet.
Construction of the bridge began in May 2008, and the bridge was completed and opened to traffic on August 24, 2009.
The bridge carries the G42 Shanghai–Chengdu Expressway and the G2501 Nanjing Ring Expressway
Minnesota and Wisconsin evenly split the $460,174 cost of the bridge.
The bridge was built in 1929, replacing a ferry that previously operated at the site.
It connects the community of Manette, Washington to downtown Bremerton.
It is located north of Downtown Waco, connecting Indian Spring Park with Doris D. Miller Park.
The Sakonnet River Bridge opened in 1956 as a replacement for the Stone Bridge, about 0.8 mi to the south.
Reportedly, two tractor-trailers could not pass each other on that bridge.
The bridge has a main span length of 784 ft and a total length of 2,179 ft.
The Pentele Bridge got her name after the village Dunapentele.
2 Road Bridge, Dinsmore Bridge was the shortest route to Vancouver for residents of the western part of Richmond.
It has a main span of 124 m and side spans of 52 m and 54 m, totaling 230 m in length.
This bridge replaces an old wooden structure which fell on Good Roads' Day, April 25, 1914, dropping a 5-ton auto truck into the river.
With no economic constraints on construction, the goal was to create a bridge of symbolic importance.
Sixteen years later Northmoor Lock was built downstream.
The Three Countries Bridge is an arch bridge which crosses the Rhine between the commune of Huningue and Weil am Rhein, within the Basel metropolitan area.
There is a $0.60 toll each way to cross this bridge.
The other is the Bonita Beach Causeway on the south end of the island.
This bridge is also called as Ullal Bridge as this bridge is located in the town called Ullal in Mangalore taluk.
Groat Bridge is a bridge that spans the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
It is nicknamed "The Goddess of Bridges".
The Queen Emma Bridge is a pontoon bridge across St. Anna Bay in Curaçao.
Bristol Bridge is an old bridge over the floating harbour in Bristol, England, the original course of the River Avon.
It is a thru-truss, and closed to traffic.
Other major constructions along the route are Nam Wan Tunnel, Eagle's Nest Tunnel, Sha Tin Heights Tunnel, Tsing Ma Bridge and Kap Shui Mun Bridge.
However, when the extension to the Martin Luther King Jr. Expressway opened in December 2016, the terminus was relocated to an interchange with Interstate 264.
The south bridge carries motor vehicle traffic while the similar northern span is used for rail.
The E train serves the section between 50th Street and Briarwood, normally running express west of 71st Avenue.
The bridge is 1,800 feet long, its six lanes are 82 feet wide, and it has 15 spans resting on 14 piers.
Trent Viaducts are two adjacent parallel railway bridges which carry the Midland Main Line over the River Trent between Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire.
It passes between Rogers Arena and BC Place Stadium and connects Downtown Vancouver with Main Street and Strathcona.
The bridge is crucial to Prague's transportation network, since almost all north-south traffic flows across its span.
The structure was named for a railroad stop on the long defunct Ridgway & Oil City Railroad.
As of 2006, the bridge pair handles around 130,000 vehicles daily.
The fifth pylon is the highest of the structure, reaching 80 m from top to bottom.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
General construction contractors: a joint venture CIENCO1 - CIENCO5 - CIENCO6
The American Legion Memorial Bridge is a reinforced concrete arch bridge carrying South Cass Street over the Boardman River in Traverse City, Michigan.
The ballast weights needed to balance the wight of the bridge were removed in 1990 to prevent possible accidents were they to fall.
The bridge is located 13.149 km from Hua Lamphong railway station, between Bang Son and Bang Bamru stations.
It connects Perth Amboy to the north and South Amboy to the south.
It was originally decked with timber but this was replaced by concrete in 1981.
Nevertheless, Sherlock Time rescued them alive after realising it was a trap from a group of aliens to capture them.
This findings may have accelerated plans to finally replace it.
It is the most heavily used railway bridge in Germany with more than 1,200 trains daily, connecting the Köln Hauptbahnhof and Köln Messe/Deutz stations.
The Elfaix Aqueduct is one of several aqueducts on the Canal du Midi.
In 1904 the original bridge was partially destroyed by a tornado or severe storm and the southernmost five spans had to be rebuilt.
It features unusually wide shoulders, due to the presence of turning lanes immediately at the ends of the bridge.
The Trengsel Bridge is a bridge that crosses the Trengselet strait in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.
Current photos from 2009 show that the bridge has collapsed in the meantime.
By 1930 the volume and weight of train traffic were taxing the capabilities of the original bridge.
The bridge goes between just north of the village of Aure on the mainland and the island of Ruøya.
Consisting of two separate spans, the original northern span which carries westbound traffic, was opened on November 2, 1963, as a two-lane bridge .
In July, 2016, approval was granted for rebuilding a replica bridge.
BAILEY BRIDGE CONSTRUCTION 2ND FIELD ENGINEER REGIMENT
The bridge was opened on December 15, 1982.
The canal is about 4.6 metres wide and 1.45 metres deep.
The West River Drive Bridge is a steel girder bridge built in 1966 over the Schuylkill River on West River Drive in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The work also includes the installation of a roof covered with photovoltiac solar panels.
Four and half kilometres upstream from Colleges Crossing is the Mount Crosby Weir and Mount Crosby Pumping Station.
The Pont Flavien is a Roman bridge across the River Touloubre in Saint-Chamas, Bouches-du-Rhône department, southern France.
It is part of Interstate 295 and Route 1.
This bridge was built by the Mt.
This movable bridge is also known as the “Slauerhoffbrug ‘Flying’ Drawbridge”.
Construction of the current bridge began in 1982, and the completed bridge was dedicated on February 7, 1987.
Three stone abutments laid in randomly coursed ashlar remain in the river, with one steel stringer and some utility pipes.
Łazienkowski Bridge is a five-span steel bridge, across the Vistula in Warsaw, Poland.
In 2005, the bridge was raised to accommodate 80 boats passing underneath.
The Circle Drive Bridge is a twin-span bridge; it was designed so that more lanes could be added by filling in the centre.
With a rise of only 4.2 m, the arch features a span-to-rise ratio of 6.4 to 1, giving the bridge an almost unprecedented flat profile.
The winds are extremely high on the bridge, so pedestrians, bikes, and motorbikes are prohibited from crossing.
The fourth is on display across the river in Coraopolis.
Dockray for the London and Birmingham Railway 1844 and spans Coat of Arms Bridge Road on the edge of the city's War Memorial Park.
The I-670 Viaduct is an automobile crossing of the Kansas River, and West Bottoms in Kansas City, Kansas, and Kansas City, Missouri.
It was declared a National Monument of Colombia on 26 November 1978.
The speed limit for 18-wheelers was lowered to 55 MPH, and they must remain in the right lane while crossing the bridge.
The conditions that made the bridge type economical in Europe were mirrored in the deep canyon of the Carbon River.
The 283 metre span crosses the valley of the Azhihe River, a small tributary of the Beipan River.
The Fleisch Bridge or Pegnitz Bridge is a late Renaissance bridge in Nuremberg, Germany.
The Story Bridge opened in 1940 and was tolled until 1947.
The PD Draw is a partially dismantled railroad bridge on the Passaic River between Newark and Kearny in the US state of New Jersey.
The river's bedrock deterred installing a buried pipe.
The Koshi Barrage is a flood control sluice across the Koshi River near the International border with India.
It is now the main route between Bingley & the nearby villages of Harden, Wilsden & Cullingworth.
It was a transporter bridge designed by the bridge engineering firm Robinson & Steinman that ferried people across the lagoon in the center of the fair.
and built at a cost of 720 million yuan.
At this location around 65 km downstream from the Kariba Dam the river is about 400 m wide.
Southwark Bridge is an arch bridge in London, England, for traffic linking the district of Southwark and the City across the River Thames.
However, the bridge carries more vehicles than any other bridge in the state, on Interstate 94 between downtown Minneapolis and Saint Paul.
Sultan Mahmud Bridge or Jambatan Sultan Mahmud is a bridge in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia, which crosses Terengganu River.
The Lacon Bridge crosses the Illinois River in the community of Lacon, Illinois.
The name refers to two bridges: the original bridge was open from 1901 to 2015, and a new bridge will open in 2017.
It is 4,088.3 feet long and 28 feet wide, and has six-foot-wide pedestrian lanes on both sides.
It is located between Southwark Bridge and Blackfriars Railway Bridge.
The bridge was first built in 1869 but collapsed in 1878.
It is 1,243 feet long and consists of 153 segments weighing 50 tons each.
Demirköprü is a railway bridge spanning the Seyhan River in Adana.
Unlike other toll bridges in California, the Antioch bridge has only a single lane of traffic for each direction.
The previous bridge at this location was a 7-span through Pratt truss built in 1921.
The Mayor said that he was "open to the idea" and would "help find a bridge to paint."
The maintenance costs were variously estimated at between £2m and £3.5m, before allowing for repayment of loan capital and interest.
The bridge will also become part of the Schuylkill River Trail routing.
Therefore, the span was raised and the bridge closed for nine months for repairs, using I-72 as a detour.
Originally the bridge only had 2 lanes,, but in 1984 the bridge deck was reconfigured and a third lane was added.
There have been nine predecessors on its site in Berlin-Mitte, spanning the Spree arm Kupfergraben and linking Friedrichsgracht to Oberwasserstraße.
Northern Pacific-BNSF Minneapolis Rail Bridge is a combination plate girder bridge and truss bridge that spans the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
This bridge replaced a previous Iowa Central railroad bridge, constructed in 1886 by the Phoenix Bridge Company, that crossed at the same location.
The Carquinez Bridge refers to parallel bridges spanning the Carquinez Strait, forming part of Interstate 80 between Crockett and Vallejo, in the U.S. state of California.
It was named after New South Wales surveyor general Charles Grimes, who was the first European to see the Yarra River.
Beverly was amalgamated with the City of Edmonton eight years later.
The Senator Sid Buckwold Bridge is a bridge that spans the South Saskatchewan River between west and east shore in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
The Eiksund Bridge is a cantilever bridge in Ulstein Municipality in the Sunnmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
In 1875 thousands of local inhabitants crammed onto the bridge, Briggate and local streets to watch The Theatre burning down.
The Memorial Bridge is a bascule bridge over the Chao Phraya River in Bangkok, Thailand, connecting the districts of Phra Nakhon and Thonburi.
The Old Town Bridge Tower is often considered to be one of the most astonishing civil gothic-style buildings in the world.
The bridge was designed to alleviate traffic congestion on the adjacent Memorial Bridge.
The bascule section is flanked by two 154-foot reinforced concrete tied arches, identical to those used in the original Alsea Bay Bridge.
The restrooms were closed in 1962 when it was determined that they could not easily be connected to the new sewage treatment plant.
The Kessock Bridge carries the A9 trunk road across the Beauly Firth at Inverness.
It is located 6.8 kilometers southwest of the First Bridge.
The bridge has a weight limit of 90 metric tons.
The bridge connects the Wonderland rapid transit and bus station and parking garage with Revere Beach over Ocean Avenue.
Pont Briwet refers to the road and railway bridges that cross the River Dwyryd, near Penrhyndeudraeth, Gwynedd in North Wales.
The viaduct is a Grade II* listed structure  and set to be restored and incorporated into a newly formed cycle-path.
Surveying of the maritime began in 1968, and construction began in 1981 and continued until 1986, when it was officially opened to the public.
It had recently been evaluated as safe and though not structurally deficient, it was considered "functionally obsolete", meaning it did not meet current design standards.
Forge Bridge is a wooden covered bridge in the town of Hardenburgh in Ulster County, New York.
Built by the Wabash Railroad, the bridge is today owned by the Norfolk Southern Railway.
The roof was rebuilt in 1965-66 in order to construct the panoramic terrace.
Yeni Köprü, meaning New Bridge or Mecidiye Bridge, after Sultan Abdülmecid I, is a historic Ottoman bridge in Edirne, Turkey.
The age of the bridge is unknown, some archaeologists date it to the Sassanid era while other attribute to as being 8th centuryAD Muslim era construct.
The Viau Bridge was built in 1930, rebuilt in 1962 and widened in 1993.
At the time of its construction, it was praised as elegant, very modern, and economical.
The bridge has five 89 feet spans faced with red sandstone from Newbiggin Quarry near Carlisle.
The entire bridge complex is 11.209 km in length.
Esplanade Riel is a pedestrian bridge located in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
The new bridge was planned to open in October 1901, but wasn't completed until December 1902.
The project was a joint effort between the public and private sectors, under the control of the Hooghly River Bridge Commissioners.
Upon completion, ownership of the bridge was turned over to the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development.
The Caiyuanba Bridge is an arch bridge which crosses the Yangtze River in Chongqing, China.
There are plans to extend the Zürich tram system across the Hardbrücke between Hardplatz and Schiffbau.
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The Kentucky & Indiana Bridge is one of the first multi modal bridges to cross the Ohio River.
Parker Bridge is a truss bridge in the city of Parker, Pennsylvania in the United States.
The Morell Bridge is an arch bridge over the Yarra River in South Yarra, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The bridges carry Bridge Street, a bike lane and a sidewalk.
Juscelino Kubitschek Bridge, also called President JK Bridge or JK Bridge, is a steel and concrete bridge crossing Lake Paranoá in Brasília, Brazil.
A third commuter lane was added when the bridge was rebuilt in 2002, which is a reversible lane in the direction of peak traffic.
The south approach span was relocated to go straight to Washington Avenue.
The official name of the main bridge is Nuestra Señora del Rosario.
The original plans for the Kierbedzia Bridge included a rail line to perform this function but the rail part of this plan was abandoned.
Chengyang Bridge is a special covered bridge or lángqiáo, and one of several Fengyu bridges in the local Dong Minority region.
Liede Bridge is a bridge crossing over the Pearl River in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.
The bridge was named the "Clyde Arc" upon its official opening on 18 September 2006.
The Government Bridge, or Arsenal Bridge, spans the Mississippi River connecting Rock Island, Illinois and Davenport, Iowa.
The bridge is carried by two semicircular barrel arches with voussoirs of rough-finished granite.
Both approaches to the bridge are painted in the traditional white color.
The Half Chance Iron Bridge is approximately 1/4 mi.
The Freixo Bridge is a Portuguese bridge over the Douro river, connecting Vila Nova de Gaia and Porto.
It is of a similar design to the Lytton CNR Thompson Bridge, located approximately 1.4 kilometers north.
The Van Buren Street Bridge is a swing span, steel motor vehicle bridge spanning the Willamette River at Corvallis in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The Falls Bridge is a steel Pratt truss bridge that spans the Schuylkill River in Fairmount Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
It was constructed during 1971–72, but with only a 40-year design life as it was expected to be redundant once the planned Beechboro–Gosnells Highway opened.
It is analogous to Khaju Bridge in Esfahan, Iran.
The Bridge is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
It carries U.S. Route 67 across the river.
For other Peace Bridges, see Peace Bridge.
The bridge crosses the Xisha River, a tributary of the larger Apeng River.
A steel truss rail bridge runs parallel to the Surgut Bridge.
Constructed in 1930, it is the only bridge built by the Marsh Engineering Company of Des Moines, Iowa in the state of Arkansas.
The northern spans and southern approach spans were all replaced.
The Yangpu Bridge, in Shanghai, China, sister bridge to the Nanpu Bridge, is among the world's longest bridges, with a total length of 8354 meters.
The 178.4-metre-long bridge which runs diagonally to the river's banks was redeveloped in 2006 as a new pedestrian and cycle path featuring public art.
Traffic across the bridge is limited to one lane by traffic lights at each end.
The bridge was opened on 19 September 2011.
The Ždrelac Bridge is a 210-metre through arch bridge carrying the D110 state road connecting islands of Ugljan and Pašman in Croatia.
The bridge was constructed by Balfour Beatty.
The bridge was built to facilitate vehicular access to the Wanganui River, to link the settlers of the valley with the riverboat service.
The dam impounds the river to create the Owyhee Reservoir, with storage capacity of nearly 1,200,000 acre feet of water.
The Allenby Bridge, is a bridge that crosses the Jordan River near the city of Jericho, and connects the West Bank with Jordan.
It has a clearance of 39 metres, which allows large ships to pass underneath it.
When almost completed in May 2004, it served as a stage of the Giro d'Italia race.
Unfortunately, this bridge was quickly and poorly built and in 1741 the entire bridge collapsed resulting in the death of 50 people.
The Nutty Narrows was named by a local councilwoman after the Tacoma Narrows Bridge.
Together with the Børøy Bridge it connects the island of Hadseløya and the town of Stokmarknes to the neighboring island of Langøya.
At the time of its construction, the original 360-foot bridge was the longest such structure in New Jersey.
The next year, the highway was renamed the John F. Kennedy Memorial Highway.
Crossing the bridge takes about 20 minutes by car or train.
The original bridge was completed in 1972, however 2009 reconstruction increased the main span and widened the deck.
The bridge is 74 feet long and 13 feet three inches wide.
The Gediminas Bridge is a bridge in Kupiškis, Lithuania.
One of the first forms of bridge, those of timber have been used since ancient times.
There are ducts which act as tide controls.
Its unusual design prompted it to be called the "upside down bridge".
Winterbrook Bridge, also known as Wallingford By-pass Bridge, was built in 1993 as part of a by-pass around Wallingford, Oxfordshire, relieving the single-lane Wallingford Bridge.
There was a lock keeper at the weir and a walkway across which is the precedent for the current bridge.
The Abetxuko Bridge is a steel girder bridge with organic forms in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Álava, Basque Country, Spain.
Interstate 195 is a 4.4-mile-long spur freeway connecting I-95 in the west with Miami Beach in the east.
Until Putney Bridge opened in 1729, London Bridge was the only road-crossing of the Thames downstream of Kingston upon Thames.
There are plans to open several sluices permanently, resulting in the estuary function of the Haringvliet being restored.
It is situated on the reach above Buscot Lock and was installed in 2000 to carry the Thames Path across the Thames.
Its span is 620 feet and it arches 120 feet above the hollow.
It is framed by iron balustraded parapets made by the Royal Phoenix ironworks of Parkgate Street in Dublin.
It was built in 1875, and is a wood frame Burr Truss bridge measuring 42 feet long and 16 feet wide.
It crosses the Thames just above Temple Lock.
The bridge was declared a Grade II* listed structure in 2008, providing protection to preserve its special character from unsympathetic development.
After taking three years to build, the dual-tracked bridge opened to rail traffic in 1874.
The third bridge still exists and carries Illinois Route 351.
It reopened for both lanes of traffic on 12 October 2006, having been partly closed for 18 months and costing £6.3m in repairs.
It was refurbished in 1990, and repainted in July 2008.
It carries the East Coastway Line between Brighton and London Road railway stations.
The 1842 aqueduct replaced the original 1824 aqueduct at this site when the Erie Canal was enlarged during the years of 1835–1862.
The New River Gorge Bridge is one of the highest vehicular bridges in the world, and is currently the third highest in the United States.
It connects the Nansha District of Guangzhou to Humen Town of Dongguan.
The Wanzhou Railway Bridge is an arch bridge in Wanzhou, Chongqing, China.
Highway 6 goes over the bridge and connects Yangon with the Thilawa port and Thanlyin Industrial Zone.
The Leaside Bridge, formerly the East York Leaside Viaduct, and officially commemorated as the Confederation Bridge, spans the Don River in the City of Toronto, Ontario.
On the eastern shore lies the Chhba Ampeou Market.
The current Matanzas Pass Bridge opened in 1979, and is 65 feet tall.
The bridge was completed in 1959 at a cost of 9 billion francs.
The bridge is notable in that the railroad proceeded with the cantilever design despite the collapse of the Quebec cantilever bridge during construction in 1907.
Angers Bridge, also called the Basse-Chaîne Bridge, was a suspension bridge over the Maine River in Angers, France.
The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991.
In 2007 it was designated the Shawn Carson and Robert Nguyen Memorial Bridge.
As a result, PEDELTA have designed a slender pedestrian structure; a pure minimalist solution.
The wooden burr bridge crosses the West Branch of the Octoraro Creek.
Clover Bar Bridge and Beverly Bridge are a pair of bridges that span the North Saskatchewan River in the city of Edmonton.
On August 28, 2011, rain runoff from Hurricane Irene flooded the Deerfield River and engulfed the Bridge of Flowers.
The last goods train ran over in 1921, but the lower-deck continues as a valuable road link.
Similar to the Brooklyn Bridge, there is an elevated walkway for pedestrians.
Built in 1833, it is one of Vermont's oldest covered bridges.
Salginatobel Bridge is a reinforced concrete arch bridge designed by Swiss civil engineer Robert Maillart.
It is one of only three lift spans on the Mississippi River, the others being at Hannibal, Missouri, and in downtown St. Paul, Minnesota.
Johnston Street was named a Melbourne City Councilor in 1851 and a toll gate was installed soon after.
The Hollandsburg Covered Bridge was southeast of Hollandsburg, Indiana.
Six lanes travel from Deira to Bur Dubai while seven go from Bur Dubai to Deira.
On 27 January 2012  the dam did overflow, for the first time since 2004.
The entire bridge, along with Jintang Bridge, was opened to traffic on a test basis on 25 December 2009.
It was owned by the Cologne-Minden Railway Company and named after the Cologne Cathedral, which is located on the same longitudinal axis.
It is accessible and free to the public 24 hours a day, lighting up during the nighttime.
Canton Viaduct is a blind arcade cavity wall railroad viaduct built in 1834-35 in Canton, Massachusetts, for the Boston and Providence Railroad.
Ponte da Varela is a bridge in Portugal.
The Northam Bridge is a road bridge across the River Itchen in Southampton, England, linking the suburbs of Northam and Bitterne Manor.
The bridge is over 100m long with five 18.3 metre spans, standing about 25 metres high.
Its double pylon seeks to act as a reminder of the masted ships which previously used the quay.
It crosses the Thames on the reach above Shifford Lock.
However, they can then use paths leading to Laurier Street.
The bridge opened on 28 June 1969 and cost 2.8 million kr.
The Kaiserbrücke is a railway bridge on the Mainz rail bypass across the Rhine at the north end of Mainz in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Gordon.
The road has two lanes of traffic in each direction, together with sidewalks and a bicycle lane/path.
Terzijski Bridge sometimes called Tailors' Bridge, is located near the village of Bistražin near Gjakova in Kosovo.
The Xihoumen Bridge links Jintang and Cezi islands.
It is a joint state and city collaboration.
Some have become entirely detached from their bases and only remain in place because of the lateral bars holding them together.
It was called ‘red’ because as it is built of red tuff.
The Macestus Bridge or Bridge of Sultançayır was a Roman segmental arched bridge across the Macestus River at Balıkesir, in the northwestern part of modern-day Turkey.
A short distance south of that is the disused rail tunnel of the original line which terminated at Central Goods railway station.
The bridge was constructed between 1865 and 1867 by Bulgarian architect and master builder Kolyu Ficheto on the order of Turkish statesman Midhat Pasha.
The Pont Louis-Philippe is a bridge across the River Seine in Paris.
On March 24, 2005, the Lions Gate Bridge was designated a National Historic Site of Canada.
The Øresund Bridge received the 2002 IABSE Outstanding Structure Award.
The 'old bridge' in this comparison is the Passerelle, which was built between 1859 and 1861.
It is 360 metres long, with the longest span being 24 metres.
Total length is 8331 m, including approach ramps, the main bridge is 2868 m.
The trough has been colorfully painted underneath.
Blackfriars Bridge was declared a Grade II listed building in 1988.
The last operation was only for testing purposes, at the request of the Neath harbour commissioners.
It crosses the Canadian River between Byars in McClain Co. and Wanette in Pottawatomie County.
Lansdowne Bridge is a sandstone arch bridge located in Lansdowne, New South Wales.
The Möljä Bridge is a concrete beam bridge over the Toppilansalmi strait in Oulu, Finland.
The Pont des Arts or Passerelle des Arts is a pedestrian bridge in Paris which crosses the River Seine.
It is 1,064.5 metres long, and it comprises four traffic lanes and two emergency lanes.
Since the demolition of the gas works, other names have been used for the bridge.
For this reason, the use of the original bridge gradually declined.
The Skjomen Bridge was opened in 1972.
It runs along the industrial areas of Pandan, Tanjong Penjuru and Pioneer.
The cost of building the bridge was reported as 895 million yuan.
The western bridge consists of a suspension bridge crossing the weir stream and linking the island to Teddington.
It is the third oldest bridge in Paris, after the Pont Neuf and the Pont Marie.
Originally opened in 1910, the bridge was built by the Pennsylvania Railroad in conjunction with service to the newly constructed Pennsylvania Station in New York City.
A typical clapper bridge construction, the bridge's listing assesses it as medieval in origin.
In February 2011, Union Pacific Railroad officials agreed to the idea of converting the 1917 roadways into a bicycle-pedestrian walkway across the river.
The Cabrillo Bridge in San Diego, California is a historic pedestrian and automobile bridge providing access between Balboa Park and the Uptown area of San Diego.
The bridge, one of 16 drivable bridges in the county, is a single span Town truss design, with laminated arches added during its renovation in 1987.
The Bob Michel Bridge is the only river crossing in the Peoria area to accommodate pedestrians and cyclists.
It serves as a connection between the Queen Anne neighborhood and the George Washington Memorial Bridge that carries State Route 99.
The bridge was strengthened by post-stressing with additional external cables.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The bridge is named after the historic geologic feature also known as Bridge of the Gods.
The Anacostia Railroad Bridge is a vertical lift railroad bridge crossing the Anacostia River in Washington, D.C., United States.
The bridge has a pedestrian walkway and is accessible to pedestrians and bicyclists.
There are now over 50 bridges which cross the river downstream of the Baishatuo Railway Bridge.
The Mark Twain Memorial Bridge was a Cantilevered Through Truss Bridge carrying US 36 over the Mississippi River.
Glen Road Bridge - a pedestrian only deck truss bridge built after the 1950s to replace a late 19th Century road bridge
The bridge provides access between Shillingford to the north of the river and Wallingford to the south.
The Yair Bridge or Fairnilee Bridge is a bridge across the River Tweed at Yair, near Galashiels in the Scottish Borders.
The Luokou Yellow River Railway Bridge is a railway bridge across the Yellow River in Jinan, Shandong, China built in the early 20th century.
The Tees Transporter Bridge, often referred to as the Middlesbrough Transporter Bridge is the furthest downstream bridge across the River Tees, England.
The Don River Bridge is a road bridge over the Don River on the Bruce Highway near Bowen, Queensland, Australia.
After the decision was made to build it on 30 April 1306, construction began on 17 June 1308.
The bridge connects Albany with North Albany and is a major link between Albany and Corvallis.
It is one of the busiest road corridors in Australia.
The bridge is located in Karmøy municipality and it links the island of Karmøy to the Norwegian mainland.
It is "a structure of outstanding importance to the history of American engineering and transportation technology."
The bridge is located about half a mile south-east of the village.
Chulachomklao bridge is a railway bridge over the Tapi River in Surat Thani, in Thailand.
The new bridge carries two lanes of divided traffic in each direction, as well as two bike lanes.
The bridge was built from wood reclaimed from the former royal palace in Inwa.
It crosses the river at roughly a 45-degree angle.
Each of the current bridges currently has three traffic lanes and no emergency lanes.
There is currently a wall across the centre of the bridge that is topped with barbed wire to prevent people from walking across it.
It was then closed to all vehicles on January 18, 1955.
The nearest town is Strawberry in Gila County.
Frank Sherwin Bridge is a road bridge spanning the River Liffey in Dublin, Ireland.
Morris had a son, Donald, who also became an architect and engineer for the New Jersey Department of Transportation.
The two side spans are each 52 feet, with the central span 60 feet.
The bridge was opened in 1869 and the first train proceeded through it on July 3 [O.S.
This bridge replaces an 1893 arch structure that sat at the same location.
The Yangmingtan Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning 250 metres over the Songhua River in Harbin, China.
The Većeslav Holjevac Avenue crosses over it, connecting Trnje with Novi Zagreb in the central part of the city.
It is also referred to as the Martic Forge Covered Bridge and Pequea #12 Bridge.
It is painted red, the traditional color of Lancaster County covered bridges, on both the inside and outside.
Only a few days after the bridge was opened, a steamboat crashed into it.
It is also the emblem of Altenbeken, and is depicted, in stylized form, on the coat of arms of the municipality.
The new span opened to traffic on July 25, 2010.
Da Nang lies on the west side of the Hàn River and the beaches are to the east.
The bridge has a total length including approach spans of 3,900 m and opened on June 28, 2003.
It was built to provide access to a gristmill, which operated until the early 20th century.
The Shibanpo Yangtze River Bridge consists of a pair of prestressed concrete box girder bridges over the Yangtze River in Chongqing, China.
2) To foster "inter-city relations between Bangkok and Thonburi"
The present bridge, constructed between 1841 and 1843 has six masonry arches and had an opening section which has been replaced by a permanent beam.
The bridge is continuous across two 775-foot-long spans, and is considered an engineering marvel.
34, about 2,000 feet east of the bridge on the Lockport side, and Lock No.
The Fort Steuben Bridge was weight-restricted in 2006 and closed in 2009 due to deterioration.
The bridge is considered the fifth Columbia–Wrightsville Bridge; the fourth one it complements still carries Lincoln Highway traffic.
In 1984, the eastern approach span was replaced and the northwest trunnion post was reconstructed.
The double-span Burr Arch covered bridge structure was built by J.A.
The Olivier Charbonneau Bridge is a toll bridge over the Rivière des Prairies, between Laval's Duvernay district and Montreal's Rivière-des-Prairies–Pointe-aux-Trembles borough.
Interstate 55, I-64 and U.S. Route 40 cross the Mississippi on the Poplar Street Bridge.
The longest single span is the one of 336 feet crossing the ship canal.
The Flehe Bridge, is a single tower cable stayed bridge located in Düsseldorf, over the Rhine.
Jamaraat is the plural of jamraah, the Arabic term for each of the pillars involved in the stoning ritual.
In 1883 the Coleford Railway was constructed from Wyesham Junction to Coleford but was closed as being uneconomical in 1916.
The higher bridge goes from the mainland at the village of Bogen to the small island of Ålstadøya.
It was built to replace the old Danziger Bridge, a draw bridge constructed in 1931–1932.
The river traffic have the right-of-way, so the swing section remains open until a train needs to cross the river.
The Nærøysund Bridge was opened in 1981, when it briefly held the title of the world's longest cable-stay bridge.
The Iron Bridge is a riveted over-deck truss bridge with steel girders and is 227 m long, 11 m wide, and 30 m high.
The average weekday ridership on Metro-North Railroad is 265,000.
The eastbound bridge was built in 1988, also by the Minnesota Department of Transportation.
By situating it above a man-made pond, extensive landscaping integrated the bridge into the grounds.
The crossing is completed by the 4-kilometre Drogden Tunnel from Peberholm to the Danish island of Amager.
For the Caledonia Bridge in North Dakota in the U.S., see Caledonia Bridge
It is named for Kentucky Governor Simeon S. Willis.
The Carl D. Perkins Bridge is a cantilever bridge that spans the Ohio River between Washington Township, Scioto County, Ohio and Greenup County, Kentucky.
A second plaque, using the name Rainbow Bridge, records its restoration in 1997.
The double tower single plane cable stayed bridge was completed in 1988 and connects Haizhu District with Yuexiu District.
It carries US 25/US 84/US 301/SR 23/SR 38.
It was opened in 1926 by Edward Prince of Wales.
The bridge is a double track Parker truss bridge with 4 spans connecting the municipalities of Brigittenau and Floridsdorf.
Marie International Bridge spans the St. Marys River between the United States and Canada connecting the twin cities of Sault Ste.
Bridge 10 is a railroad bridge used by the Canadian Pacific Railway.
On the expiry of the concession the consortium is required to hand the bridge over to public ownership.
There is a towpath on each side, and the aqueduct contains grooves for stop planks to be inserted, to drain the canal.
The St. Louis-San Francisco Overpass is a pony and deck truss bridge built in 1937 located in Imboden, Lawrence County, Arkansas.
The bridge incorporates a swing span at its eastern end to permit the continued passage of marine traffic through the strait.
The Pont Aval is a bridge that crosses the Seine in Paris, France.
The ferry survived until 1934, when it was replaced by the MacRobertson Bridge, financed by Sir Macpherson Robertson.
The two lane bridge has a span of 1,360 feet and was opened in 1965, built at a cost of $746,000.
It also served as a gaol, a munitions store, a lodge, an advertising hoarding, a focus for celebrations and, most significantly, as a toll gate.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The bridges carries 8 lanesof traffic on Jiangnan Avenue between the Nan'an District south of the Yangtze River and the Yuzhong District to the north.
The Caracău Viaduct is a viaduct in Romania, between the cities of Miercurea Ciuc and Ghimeş.
The bridge consists of five sections, with the two sections closest to the bank on each side fixed.
The bridge in the specific spot could only hold at maximum 50 pounds of weight.
The aqueduct is one of two remaining along the canal route, the other being Prestolee Aqueduct.
For the bridge in Mystic, Connecticut, see Mystic River Bascule Bridge.
The next phase of construction will involve the U-Beam installation and afterwards, once the U-beams are installed, the placement of the deck slab.
The bridge was dedicated on August 20, 1938.
The first bridge on the site had been a railway bascule bridge built in 1860 as part of the London, Chatham and Dover Railway.
In February 2004, the load unexpectedly shifted on a crane that was removing structural steel from the old bridge.
The Ford City Veterans Bridge is a girder bridge connecting Ford City and North Buffalo Township, Pennsylvania.
The Florida Department of Transportation bridge number is 880077.
The Starners Dam Bridge is a steel stringer bridge over Alloway Creek on Baptist Road in Taneytown, Carroll County, Maryland.
The bridge is owned by the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission, and is maintained with tolls from other bridges.
The Pool Forge Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that spans the Conestoga River in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The form of the bridge was simple, and it looked similar to many highway bridges carrying traffic on US highways today.
The bridge has been renovated regularly including from 1992 to 1993 and in 2009.
The face of the bridge was scored and hammered to resemble sandstone, the interior features concrete "stalactites".
Speed limit is posted in kilometres and miles per hour along the bridge.
Started in 1869 and completed fourteen years later in 1883, it connects the boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn by spanning the East River.
The centering would be left in place until the mortar had completely set, which could take weeks.
A second bridge connects Minnesota Island to the Wisconsin shore across the Black River.
Nový Most has four lanes for motor traffic on the upper level and lanes for bicycles and pedestrians on the lower level.
Built predominantly of Old Red Sandstone, the bridge was the subject of significant reconstruction and rebuilding in the 18th and 19th centuries.
The international European route E20 crosses via road, the Oresund Line via railway.
The bridge was named after Matthew E. Welsh, the 41st governor of Indiana.
In 1989, the design was changed to a cable-stayed bridge with the same span.
116.74, is a railroad bridge carrying Amtrak's Northeast Corridor line across the Niantic River between East Lyme and Waterford, Connecticut.
The McKinley Bridge was the first alignment of U.S. Route 66 across the Mississippi.
The river flows north at the crossing point.
Its main span was 401.4 feet and it had a total length of 2,231.3 feet and a deck width of 20 feet.
Completely intact from Roman antiquity, it has been in continuous use ever since.
Margaret Bridge or Margit híd is a three-way bridge in Budapest, Hungary, connecting Buda and Pest across the Danube and linking Margaret Island to the banks.
However, steps to the pedestrian foot way have recently been replaced with on-ramps.
Stanley Ferry Aqueduct was built between 1836 and 1839 to take the Aire and Calder Navigation over the River Calder in West Yorkshire, England.
The bridge was formerly called the Cedar Avenue Bridge from days prior to the construction of the I-35W bridge when it connected to Cedar Ave.
Its construction was privately funded by a tontine scheme, for which tolls were charged until 1859.
The Belleville Turnpike Bridge is a vehicular moveable bridge spanning the Passaic River in northeastern New Jersey 8.9 miles from its river mouth at Newark Bay.
It was completed in 1797 at a total cost of £48,320 18s 10d.
The Silas N. Pearman Bridge was opened beside it in 1966 to relieve traffic.
It crosses the River Itchen joining the suburbs of St Denys and Bitterne Park.
It spans the Narrows, a body of water connecting the relatively protected upper bay with the larger, wide open lower bay.
However, due to delays in the construction of Brazilian checkpoint facilities, the bridge was not open to traffic for many years.
The access to the main bridge on the western side is in the northern border of Rosario, on the limit with the city of Granadero Baigorria.
It is the first in the world to carry a Liquefied Natural Gas pipeline.
The Grand Trunk Bridge is a Canadian steel trestle railway bridge that spans the South Saskatchewan River in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
The construction sequence of the 2009 bridge also resulted in less disruption to river traffic.
The name of the bridge is Geoga Bridge.
Construction on the Plougastel Bridge started in 1926 and was completed on 9 October 1930.
There are plans to reopen the border crossing passage as alternative during festivals, in coordination with the Egyptian authorities.
The Bringle Ferry Bridge is a crossing of the Yadkin River Channel and the Tuckertown Reservoir in Rowan County, North Carolina and Davidson County, North Carolina.
The convenience it provides has had a major impact on economic development, especially in eastern Jefferson County.
The bridge was designed by city engineer Clark Eldridge.
In 1991, it was declared an International Historic Civil Engineering Landmark, the thirteenth such structure and the first concrete bridge so designated.
The bridge remained open to single lane motor traffic from its construction until it was burned by vandals on June 13, 1993.
The eastern end of the bridge is on Chouteau Island,, while the western end is on the Missouri shoreline.
The bridge is named after José de San Martín, a major figure in the struggle for independence in Argentina, Chile and Peru.
It links Duke Street, to its north, and London Street, to its south.
The Yankee Doodle Bridge carries Interstate 95 over the Norwalk River in Norwalk in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
The bridge was dedicated on November 13, 1940.
The Creag-an-Arnain Viaduct is a railway viaduct that carries the West Highland Line.
The reason for the collapse was a landslide in the quick clay surrounding a support pillar.
Árpád Bridge or Árpád híd is a bridge in Budapest, Hungary, connecting northern Buda and Pest across the Danube.
Knickerbocker Bicycle Bridge is a bridge across the Willamette River in Eugene, Oregon, United States.
The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and had a major restoration in 1998.
It was closed to traffic in 1981.
The bridge is a popular vantage point from which to enjoy the Head of the Charles Regatta.
When completed in 1910, it was the largest reinforced concrete structure in the world.
The span is one of only three pre-1957 drawbridges of its type in Delaware.
The bridge was replaced by a box culvert.
Little Wittenham Bridge is a footbridge across the River Thames in England near Dorchester-on-Thames, Oxfordshire.
The bridge was then built by Dolph Jones.
It is, mostly, supported by six 745 feet pylons and can accommodate 8 lanes of traffic.
The Mid-Delaware Bridge, sometimes known as the Port Jervis-Matamoras Bridge or the Fourth Barrett Bridge, is a continuous truss bridge which carries U.S.
It carries Shore Road and a walkway along the downstream side, over the Hutchinson River.
Alkaff Quay was named after a prominent Arabian family, the Alkaffs, who were among the wealthiest in Singapore during the early 20th century.
Tower Bridge is a combined bascule and suspension bridge in London built between 1886 and 1894.
The bridge opened to traffic on September 2, 2005, at around 10:00 a.m. local time [1].
It is currently the second-longest existing covered bridge in Alabama and one of the longest in the United States.
The initial calculation of the curves was difficult, but once the calculation was performed, all of the voussoirs could be cut from the same pattern.
Hampton Court Bridge crosses the River Thames in England approximately north–south between Hampton, London and East Molesey, Surrey.
Spanning both Jewfish Creek and Lake Surprise, it carries the Overseas Highway between the Florida Keys and the Florida mainland.
The bridge runs from West 1st Street in Willard to just over the Kansas River.
Partially destroyed by Hurricane Mitch in 1998, the bridge was remodelled in the year 2002 under the government of Ricardo Maduro.
It spans the Beke valley, west of the town of Altenbeken, in the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
PopMatters ranked the album number 61 in its year-end list of best albums for 2010, calling it a "wildly inventive, wildly enjoyable album".
The Founders Bridge is one of the three highway bridges over the Connecticut River in Hartford, Connecticut.
The arch span is 420 metres and the total length of the bridge is 864.12 metres.
Some years later, tolls were increased to 10 cents, and the nickname became the "Dime Bridge".
It is a suspension bridge that spans the Maumee River.
The bridge is 360 metres long and the main span is 165 metres.
The bridge is operated from a tower and originally ran on steam power.
Tolls are collected only from motorists traveling westbound, into Pennsylvania.
The Fulton Road Bridge is the name of two bridges in Cleveland, Ohio, the original and its replacement.
With thousands of vehicles bearing these stickers on Pittsburgh's streets, the city responded by blocking off the end of the bridge with concrete barriers.
It was the first successful all-metal bridge design to be adopted and consistently used on a railroad.
Sibiti Bridge is a bridge currently under construction in Tanzania that will link Iramba with Shinyanga Region.
The bridge crossed the Saint-Charles River near its mouth, connecting to Craig Street.
Haikou Century Bridge crosses at the mouth of the river approximately 50 metres west of Haikou New Port.
The Changshou Yangtze River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge over the Yangtze River in the Changshou District of Chongqing, China.
Built in 1940, it is named after Edmund Winston Pettus, a former Confederate brigadier general, U.S.
It was also built with a sidewalk on either side of the roadway, positioned just outside the steel truss girders.
This became one of the earliest road construction projects, with gangs of unemployed immigrants undertaking roadworks in 1842.
In 2011, a second parallel span was built next to the original to provide two additional travel lanes.
One struck the bridge and became lodged under it.
Ponte Testaccio is a bridge that links Largo Giovanni Battista Marzi to Lungotevere Portuense in Rome, in the Rione Testaccio and in the Quarter Portuense.
The Hay Bridge is a bridge across the Griboedov Canal in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
10 minutes of travel time is expected to be saved by construction of the bridge.
It lies north of the town of Hexham and is the main access to the A69 bypass.
It is currently an important link between Mali i Gjerë area and Dropull.
The Kutz Memorial Bridge is a bridge that carries Independence Avenue across the Tidal Basin in Washington, D.C., in the United States.
It was built in 1903 to carry rail and road traffic.
Currently the bridge handles traffic on CSX Transportation's Marietta Subdivision.
The consulting engineer was David B. Steinman.
It is oriented north–south and is southwest of Heathrow Airport.
It crosses the Thames on the reach above Bray Lock, about half a mile below Boulter's Lock.
It is the longest suspension bridge in Vietnam, with total investment of nearly 1 trillion dong.
Once rolling landscape, houses and flat Trinity Bellwoods Park now surround the bridge.
The bridge was partially funded through tolls, which were collected from its opening until April 1, 1963.
He ordered trusses which were inadequate for the job, and had to shorten them, suggesting he did not understand the design.
The ₹16 billion bridge was commissioned by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation, and built by the Hindustan Construction Company.
The old bridge is still usable for local access.
Downstream of the barrage is near the border with India.
The bridge carries both the Flevolijn heavy rail railway and the A6 motorway, plus a cycleway and footway.
The bridge is also known as Pinetown Covered Bridge, Nolte's Point Mill Bridge and Bushong's Mill Bridge.
The Kåkern Bridge is one of the many bridges that connect the islands of the Lofoten archipelago to each other.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The Mianus River Bridge carries Interstate 95 over the Mianus River in the Cos Cob section of Greenwich, Connecticut.
[1] The bridge opened temporarily in September and October 2002 for the 2002 Asian Games.
The bridge lies in Bart Township, 3.25 mi to the east of Quarryville and 1.5 mi south of Pennsylvania Route 372 on Mt Pleasant Road.
The Pulaski Bridge in New York City connects Long Island City in Queens to Greenpoint in Brooklyn over Newtown Creek.
The original bridges opened in1965; prior to that, visitors used a ferry to get to the island.
Between 1996 and 1998, the drawspan was retrofitted and the approaches completely demolished and rebuilt.
Asprokremmos dam is the second largest dam in Cyprus.
The total length of the bridge is 388 feet.
Its curved lines, inclined arches and virtual absence of right angles make the geometric shape of the bridge very sophisticated.
The Krossnessundet Bridge is a cantilever bridge in the municipality of Meland in Hordaland county, Norway.
The current bridge is the third Wearmouth Bridge in its position.
The 7th Street Trafficway Bridge is a one level deck truss bridge over the Kansas River and BNSF Railway tracks on 7th Street.
It is on the unknown canal, that started in Tambon Khao Noi and ended in Tembon Pranburi
In May 2014, The City of Moorhead sued Bridge Co., the owners of the bridge; and the city of Fargo.
It replaced a ferry service operated in previous years, which caused complaints over excessive queues.
The bridge is also known as Wenger Covered Bridge or Rose Hill Covered Bridge.
The Louisiana Highway 1 Bridge, also known as the Gateway to the Gulf Expressway, is a concrete trestle toll bridge in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
British Columbia Highway 12 crosses the Thompson River mostly parallel to, and slightly downstream of this bridge.
Pančevo Bridge or colloquially Pančevac is a bridge over the Danube in Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.
Including the approaches, the structure totals 790 m. It is still in use, but was pedestrianized in 1991.
The Grant Mills Bridge, officially the Millbrook Bridge, is a wooden covered bridge over Mill Brook in Hardenburgh, New York, United States.
Haizhu Bridge was the first bridge to be built across the Pearl River in Guangzhou.
The lion figure can be found on the bridge today.
Constructed between February 1980 and June 1983, the bridge stands at a height of 216m above the Bloukrans River.
Ponte Velha do Vouga is a bridge in Portugal.
In response, the owner removed most of the south end of the swing span and added a concrete counterweight to compensate for the lost material.
This will be a joint venture by the provincial and federal government.
No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the bridge.
The designers took the extreme conditions into account, with winds of about 200 km/h.
Kadhimiyyah is where the Mosque of Shi'ite Imams Musa al-Kadhim and Muhammad at-Taqi is located.
Clifton Aqueduct, built in 1796, carried the Manchester, Bolton and Bury Canal across the River Irwell in Clifton, near Manchester, England.
The bridge crosses Choctawhatchee Bay, part of the Intracoastal Waterway.
Until its most recent destruction in 1979, it was, with a total length of 382 feet, the second-longest covered bridge in the United States.
It was The Lincoln Highway bridge from 1913 to 1930.
I-Pass, the Illinois State Toll Highway Authority's electronic toll collection system, was not accepted due to the large upfront costs of installing I-PASS at the bridge.
A "rehab job" on the 50-year-old structure was underway by the FDOT in April 2015.
Chawang River Railway bridge is a three-span railway bridge in Thailand.
The second bridge was completed in late 2010, with traffic moved onto the new bridge on November 29.
The Fred G. Redmon Bridge, also known as the Selah Creek Bridge, is a twin arch bridge in the northwest United States, in Yakima County, Washington.
Designed by Jones-Stuckey Ltd., the construction was completed on November 14, 2003, after only sixteen months, five months ahead of schedule.
It has the title of the "World's Narrowest Bridge" and also the "World's Narrowest Animal Crossing."
The bridge carries Bridge Street, connecting CR 519 in Milford, Hunterdon County, New Jersey, with Pennsylvania Route 32 in Upper Black Eddy, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
It was the world's first computer designed bowstring arch bridge:00:02:43 and double-decked bowstring arch bridge.
Each day, approximatively 20,000 vehicles use the bridge, which is an alternative route to the more congested Charles de Gaulle Bridge during rush hours.
The bridge was part of Autoroute 25 until the construction of the new toll bridge for Autoroute 25.
The bridge spans 400 metres making it one of the longest arch bridges in the world.
The next year the Wenatchee Reclamation District bought the bridge for $1.00, moving the pipes from outside the truss to within.
The bridge is operated by Pembrokeshire County Council.
It is about 5 km north of the Bosphorus Bridge.
The Throgs Neck Bridge is the easternmost crossing off of Long Island.
The bridge opened in 1958, replacing a former ferry route.
The bridge carries Interstate 310 over the LaBranche Wetlands in St. Charles Parish.
Built at a cost of £14.3 million the bridge replaces an earlier Surtees Bridge that showed signs of distress resulting from excessive settlement.
In 1932, the swing bridge was replaced with a three span fixed structure of reinforced concrete, but retained its original English name.
The bridge has become iconic for Redding.
Now closed to rail traffic the bridge is used as a footpath.
The Beesley's Point Generating Station can be seen from the bridge.
The north side of the bridge has 750-ton concrete counterweights that allow the bridge to pivot to open.
The bridge is 82 feet above the water, and has a horizontal clearance of 321 feet between the piers.
A 1839 lithograph and a painting by Gustave Courbet show two arches.
The bridge, one of currently 17 drivable bridges in the county, is a single-span Town truss design.
£2,000 of the bridge's total £2,600 cost was paid for by the Shropshire Horticultural Society.
The bridge is 12 feet in length with its arch 7 feet above the creek's waters.
It carries Manila's Circumferential Road 1 linking Ayala Boulevard in Ermita to Pedro Casal Street in San Miguel.
The bridge was named after Louis-Alexandre Taschereau, who was Premier of Quebec at the time of its inauguration.
Designed by T. Y. Lin International, the bridge was completed in 2000 to replace the Crooked River High Bridge.
The project opened to vehicular traffic on August 1, 2009 after a charity run and walk across the bridge.
The original bridge was opened on 11 January 1986 and cost A$92 million to build.
Because there are no other bridges for 4 kilometres up- or downstream, the bridge is generally congested all day.
The new Atlantic Beach Bridge, designed by Hardesty & Hanover, opened to traffic on May 10, 1952, at a cost of $9.5 million.
Construction began in 2005, and the first traffic crossed the bridge on 25 December 2009, at 11:58 p.m., local time.
The Taradale Viaduct is a large wrought iron box girder bridge over Back Creek at Taradale, Victoria on the Bendigo Railway in Victoria Australia.
It was designed to be at least three feet higher than the levels reached in the Great Flood of 1951.
The Lawas Bridge or Batang Lawas Bridge is a bridge near Lawas town in Limbang Division, Sarawak, Malaysia.
This quickly allows water traffic to pass while only briefly blocking road traffic.
The two-track section west of Queens Plaza is also known as the IND 53rd Street Line.
The Warrington Transporter Bridge was constructed to connect the two parts of the large chemical and soap works of Joseph Crosfield and Sons.
It is the largest lake in West Virginia, with 2,700 acres of water and over 60 miles of shoreline at the summer pool water level.
The bridge is also the only Town lattice truss bridge in the county and one of only 19 in Pennsylvania.
The Smaalenene Bridge has become a new landmark for the region.
The bridge is approximately 3 kilometres long, and includes 24 ice-breaking piers.
The bridge was constructed from 1948 to 1949 as Route 25A and is owned and operated by the New Jersey Department of Transportation.
The Hill to Hill Bridge is a road crossing of the Lehigh River linking the south and north sides of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
It is painted red, the traditional color of Lancaster County covered bridges, on both the inside and outside.
It was one of five bridges in Parke County to be on private land.
The two bridges were built in the early 1990s, replacing a single two-lane drawbridge which also bore the name Edison Bridge.
On June 16, 2013, a $1.2 billion widening project by the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development was completed and opened to motorists.
The bridge was widened to increase the bridge's capacity and to ease congestion.
After it was replaced by the Cable Bridge in 1978, the bridge was demolished in 1990.
The bridge is 5,188 feet long and varies in width from 109 feet to 230 feet.
The bridge spans the Singapore River near Robertson Quay.
The original bridge, which was located on the site of the southbound span, was once part of the Tamiami Trail.
It forms part of the eastern spur of the M90 between junctions 10 and 11, the most northerly motorway junction in the UK.
Experimental Stress Analysis photoelasticity was by Jaroslav Josef Polívka of the University of California.
The Fredvang Bridges are two cantilever bridges that connect the fishing village of Fredvang on Moskenesøya island with the neighboring island of Flakstadøya.
The Travel Channel rated the Sunshine Skyway number 3 in its special on the "Top 10 Bridges" in the World.
The eastern and western aspects of the bridge are dramatically different.
The Red Bridge in Tasmania crosses the Elizabeth River at Campbell Town.
Gateway International Bridge is one of three international bridges that cross the U.S.-Mexico border between the cities of Brownsville, Texas, and Matamoros, Tamaulipas.
The older bridge opened 62 years ago in 1955 and is a steel through truss cantilever bridge and carries southbound traffic.
The entire connector, completed in 1993, is 2.2 miles long and includes seven bridges.
The bridge crosses the Pandaruan River between Temburong and Limbang.
Today it is limited only to pedestrian use, and is closed in winter.
It is one of the longest bridges in the world with a total length of about 113,700m, or 70.6 miles.
The cable-stayed bridge has a main span of 1,500 feet.
The trusses themselves were preserved for possible ornamental use on a rebuilt bridge.
It is the longest bridge in Europe, with a total length of 12.3 kilometres, including 0.8 kilometres for the main bridge and 11.5 kilometres in viaducts.
The Trout River Bridge is a six lane segmental bridge carrying Interstate 95 across Trout River, 5 miles north of downtown Jacksonville, Florida.
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, and is also a designated city landmark, ID #110347.
The bridge is maintained by the Sumter County Historical Society.
The tracks were removed from the upper bridge in 1990.
It goes over the river Eintveitelva between the now-abandoned small farms of Eintveit and Bjelland.
The name Medley for the west bank of the Thames at this point designates the 'middle island' between Osney and Binsey.
The bridge has seven lanes, three in each direction and a center lane that is shifted variably to accommodate heavy traffic.
The bridge was opened in 1975 and is named after the former settlement of Chartershaugh, which once stood on a site near the bridge.
The Esplanade Riel has become a landmark and is used in many promotional materials.
However, the Franklin Roosevelt administration contended that public works dollars could not be used to memorialize living officeholders.
Calatrava's Sundial Bridge in Redding, California, and Chords Bridge in Jerusalem are similar in design to the Alamillo Bridge.
May, it was built by the U.S. Forest Service with Civilian Conservation Corps labor.
Initially named the Crooked River Bridge, it was renamed in 2003 for Rex T. Barber, a native of the area.
The bridge cost $46.6 million, and is the last downstream road crossing of the Kennebec.
The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 16, 1982.
As such, it was designed to carry a heavier load than was typical.
One worker was killed and three were injured when a portion of the new bridge collapsed during construction on November 30, 2004.
Primary contractor was the American Bridge Company of Ambridge, Pennsylvania with steel from Carnegie.
The speed limit is 55 mph until you reach McMullen Booth.
It is a second arch bridge in Johor Bahru after Permas Jaya Bridge.
Construction began in January 1935, and was completed relatively quickly, with the opening ceremony held in August 1935.
The Quebec Bridge is a riveted steel truss structure and is 987 m long, 29 m wide, and 104 m high.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The High Bridge is a bridge that carries Minnesota State Highway 149 over the Mississippi River in St. Paul, Minnesota, United States.
The basic structure was built in 1903, and was the third railroad bridge on the site since 1863.
The bridge provides a connection between the communities east of the Cooper River, including Mount Pleasant and Daniel Island, to North Charleston and I-26.
Thondamannar Bridge(Tamil: தொண்டைமானாறு பாலம், Thondamanaru Palam ?)
Two of the three previous structures have been suspension bridges, while a third—which existed nearly a century—was composed of steel arch spans.
The bridge is close to U.S. Route 222 southeast of Willow Street in West Lampeter Township, Pennsylvania.
This meant that the old bridge had to be completely demolished before the new bridge could be built.
At 264 m, the bridge will be one of the highest in world.
The GTP was merged into the Canadian National Railway in 1920; as such, the structure is also referred to informally as the CN Railway Bridge.
The current bridge was built in 2015.
The bridge was built between 1426 and 1443 by head architect Muslihiddin on the orders of Ottoman Sultan Murad II.
The Marøysund Bridge is 590 metres long, with a main span of 120 metres.
However, the Memorial Causeway Bridge is negatively known in the Tampa Bay Area for its shoddy construction process and contractor mishaps.
It carries the NH 66 over the tidal part of the Zuari River, between the villages of Agaçaim and Cortalim.
Circle Drive Bridge spans the South Saskatchewan River in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
It was documented by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1936 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The bridge crosses the River Monnow 500 metres above its confluence with the River Wye.
The bridge is 102m long, 3.7m wide, and be 6m above the motorway with an internal height of 3m.
The bridge was built by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in 1959 to replace a swing bridge opened in 1890.
It carries the A404 road between Maidenhead, Berkshire and High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire.
It reopened to traffic on November 1, 2007.
The structure was originally designed by the Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railroad using a K-truss style that is rarely used outside of the Great Plains.
The Zhongxian Yangtze River Bridge is a suspension bridge over the Yangtze River in Zhong County of Chongqing, China.
It is associated with a c.1843 road cutting and early ford which was on the main road to the Victorian gold fields.
The old Lafayette Bridge is not in use any more, the last day it was open was March 1, 2014.
In the 19th century, distance markers were placed along the Rhine; they start counting kilometers at this bridge.
The bridge has three reversible lanes, the use of which is indicated by signals.
The bridge is located on G78 Shantou–Kunming Expressway and crosses the Maling River Canyon.
Today, the bridge is maintained by PennDOT and is still considered the world’s longest concrete multiple-arch bridge.
Named for Chief Black Hawk, it is popularly referred to as the "Lansing bridge".
The Rakaia Bridge is New Zealand's longest road bridge and crosses the Rakaia River, one of Canterbury's large braided rivers.
The deck is made from oak planks.
The 23rd Street viaduct is an automobile crossing of the Kansas River, and south of the Rock Island Bridge.
The Wilson Creek Bridge is located in Montgomery County and was built as part of the Virginia Smart Road project.
It is located at milepost 15.22, 0.4 miles east of Bedrock.
Many technological advancements were part of the design and testing of the bridge.
The roadway got very slippery during rains.
Added later, secondary steel I-beams support the bridge from underneath.
The original causeway was built in 1912 and carried both rail and auto traffic.
Its transversal arch construction derives from old building traditions of the Hauran region and is arguably unique in Roman bridge building.
It forms part of a future road that will join Yeste with Letur and the neighbouring area to the east.
Lake Shore Boulevard Bailey Bridge is a Bailey bridge in Toronto.
1910 to carry the Canada Southern Railway over the river.
The bridge was built in 1952 and was reconstructed and widened from July 2001 through July 2004 to accommodate additional pedestrian walkways.
It is the second longest bridge in Europe and the ninth in the world, with a total length of 12 km.
Both the Thames Path and The Ridgeway cross the Thames on this bridge.
It was designated a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 1982.
The bridge it replaced was of timber with stone piers and stone causeway.
The famous Dakshineswar Temple is situated on the banks of the Hooghly River near the Bally Bridge.
The Plank Road Covered Bridge was east of Rockville, Indiana.
Road on bridge is complete too but approach roads are not ready due to lack of land acquisition.
The Capon Lake Whipple Truss Bridge, formerly known as South Branch Bridge or Romney Bridge, is a historic Whipple truss bridge in Capon Lake, West Virginia.
The bridge has a single span, wooden, double Burr arch trusses design with the addition of steel hanger rods.
Entirely dedicated to motor traffic, it is the first bridge to be seen when following the Seine downstream into Paris.
It was opened to vehicular traffic in December 2015.
Before being replaced by the Christopher S. Bond Bridge, it carried Interstates 29 and 35 and U.S. Route 71 over the river.
The double arch spans cross the four U.S. Soo Locks.
The Quebec Bridge was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1995.
As of October 1978, it was one of nine historic covered bridges in Greene County.
It carries the London Underground's Northern line from Mill Hill East station to Finchley Central station.
Although built and operated by the government, tolls were charged initially in an effort to recoup the cost of the bridge.
It is constructed of steel and concrete.
Construction of the bridge started in 2008 and it was completed in 2010.
The first bridge on the site was in wood, built after the fall of Henry IV and Marie de Médicis's carriage in June 1606.
Westbound traffic was then routed onto the Bayview Bridge, while eastbound traffic was routed onto the Memorial Bridge.
In 1790 the millstream became the main navigation channel of the river, and the bridge became a serious obstruction to navigation by the mid 19th century.
The Midpoint Memorial Bridge is a bridge located in Southwest Florida.
Demoliton of the original span began June, 2016.
It is estimated that 44 million vehicles drive through it per year, or 120,000 per day.
The Dent Bridge is a suspension bridge in the northwest United States, located in north central Idaho in Clearwater County, north of Orofino.
The Dazi Bridge is a one-lane suspension bridge in Dagzê, Tibet.
Peacock's Lock Viaduct is a stone arch bridge over the Schuylkill River near Reading, Pennsylvania, constructed by the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad between 1853 and 1856.
The Veterans Memorial Bridge now serves as the pathway for Route 6 and Route 138 to cross the river into Fall River.
The Clement C. Clay Bridge are two bridges that span the Tennessee River just south of Huntsville in northern part of the U.S. state of Alabama.
The building cost was approximately 94 million euros.
It has a river clearance of 25m to the soffit of the deck and carries four lanes of traffic.
Construction of the ASEAN Bridge and access road commenced on 17 January 2001 and was completed in August 2003.
The Baldwin Bridge is a concrete segmental bridge composed of eleven spans crossing the Connecticut River between Old Saybrook, Connecticut and Old Lyme, Connecticut.
The bridge was designed by noted civil engineer Othmar Ammann.
Like many bridges of the period, it had a timber superstructure employing squared beams supported by struts and straining pieces, on cut bluestone abutments.
The cost of labour was 598 pounds 11 shillings 7 pence, and cartage of all materials cost 419 pounds 14 shillings.
CN placed a chain link fence on both sides of the bridge as a result of people trespassing on the walkways.
One half of the drawbridge reopened to vehicular traffic on June 10, 2006.
The original bridge was sold to the Commonwealth of Kentucky and retrofitted as an automobile bridge.
It is located next to the Church of San Antón.
The connector is the site of the annual "Isle of Palms Connector Run and Walk for the Child," a combined 10k run and 5k run/walk.
This complication also prevented the bridge from being replaced with a four-lane-wide span.
It is named after Charles Dundas, the first chairman of the Kennet and Avon Canal Company.
The trough is 21 feet wide with an 11 feet wide channel of water and a towpath on either side.
It has two main spans, and a smaller span at the west end.
The bridge was built in December 1891 and used for vehicular traffic until December 1988, when it was closed to cars due to safety concerns.
About 36,000 drivers cross the bridge each weekday.
The building of the Forksville bridge was supervised by the 18-year-old Sadler Rogers, who used his hand-carved model of the structure.
This new bridge was given the same name as the original and is still in use, carrying the CSX Railroad across the river.
The bridge does not carry any motorised traffic — it is shared by pedestrians, cyclists and inline skaters.
There was formerly a weir known as Old Man's Weir, or alternatively Harper's Weir, which had a footpath across it.
The cost of construction was approximately € 394 million.
It formerly connected Minnesota State Highway 36 and Wisconsin Highway 64.
The Ponte delle Guglie is one of two bridges in Venice, Italy, to span the Cannaregio Canal.
The bridge opened to limited traffic on September 27, 2010 and all lanes opened on December 18, 2010.
The extra decks have remained in use, increasing the bridge's capacity.
The bridge is a Grade II listed building, with both ends being listed separately.
The groundbreaking for the bridge took place on March 18, 2017.
A county-owned and maintained bridge, its official designation is the Cocalico #2 Bridge.
Ownership changed several times, eventually ending with the bridge in the control of the Joint Delaware River Bridge Commission.
The bridge replaced a ferry boat service that had been transporting people and vehicles across the river.
It connects the city's 15th and 16th arrondissements, and passes through the île aux Cygnes.
The Duisburg–Hochfeld railway bridge spans the Rhine in the German city of Duisburg on the Duisburg-Ruhrort–Mönchengladbach line.
3) To facilitate the development in the vicinity of the bridge
The walkway is covered with tarmac and has cast iron balustrades either side, while the abutments connecting the bridge to the river bank are brick.
Monivong Bridge is a heavily trafficked bridge in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
The original St. Johns River Bridge was a four-lane concrete-and-steel causeway bridge constructed over the St. Johns River at the west outlet of Lake Monroe.
It was sold to the Four Corners Pipeline Company when the new bridge opened, and carries a natural gas pipeline.
It spans the Houston Ship Channel and carries the East Loop segment of Interstate 610 on the east side of the city.
The bridge opened in 1955, a year after Leavenworth celebrated its centennial as the first city incorporated in Kansas.
The Lake Washington Ship Canal was dedicated on July 4, 1917, which has caused confusion about the opening date, for this bridge crosses the canal.
It is 691 meters in length with 46 metres of clearance below the bridge.
Besides providing the link between Precinct 1 and Precinct 2 on the Core Island, it has been designed to be a special feature of Putrajaya.
Longest span of the ten arches measures 14.70 m.
The Bridge is also extremely rare as it is the only lift bridge still operational on a major arterial road.
Once the original span could no longer handle traffic volume, a steel girder bridge was built just to the south to carry eastbound traffic.
It is configured with reversible lanes to accommodate higher traffic into Downtown during the early morning hours, and higher outbound traffic during the afternoon commute.
Old Blenheim Bridge was a wooden covered bridge that spanned Schoharie Creek in North Blenheim, New York, United States.
Ponte de Segura is a bridge in Portugal.
Several windmills line the bridge which provide lighting at night to the park golf link nearby.
The wooden bridge deck was replaced in 1950 with steel grating, and the streetcar tracks were removed, as interurban rail service was discontinued in 1948.
The girder bridge was built with a single superstructure for both carriage ways, and is positioned approximately a kilometer to the north of Wasserbillig in Luxembourg.
The stone slabs weigh up to two tons each.
However, this plan was abandoned and the University Bridge was instead built upstream.
In 1982, the Tower Bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The bridge, originally known as the Westport River Bridge, was built in 1958 to carry Route 88 to the Horseneck Beach State Reservation.
Near the bridge is the site of the former Satok Bridge.
Through the years, the cracks in the fascia beams were repaired and monitored.
The Pont National was a swing bridge across the river Penfeld in Brest, France.
The Lethbridge Viaduct, commonly known as the High Level Bridge, was constructed between 1907–1909 at Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada at a cost of $1,334,525.
There are two sections of the bridge, in west side and east side.
On the southwest side of the bridge is a War Memorial, visible from the northbound-side lanes.
The Glendale-Hyperion Bridge is a concrete arch bridge viaduct in Atwater Village that spans the Los Angeles River and Interstate 5.
River Subdivision accesses the line via Marion Junction.
The bridge was built to replace the original Perley Bridge built in 1931.
The new, northbound section of the bridge opened to traffic on September 2, 2005.
The bridge is still used today by the Minnesota Commercial Railway to service grain elevators along Hiawatha Avenue.
It is a brick arch bridge completed in 1775, to replace an earlier wooden bridge.
The designer and chief engineer was Melvin B.
Calle-Calle Bridge is an arch bridge spanning Calle-Calle River, that separates downtown Valdivia from Las Animas a residential area.
The original bridge was the tallest wooden bridge in the world at that time.
It connects Manor Township and North Buffalo Township, Pennsylvania.
It was built in 1850 and is 152 feet 11 inches in length.
It carries the A82 road, the main route between Glasgow and Inverness.
It is painted red, the traditional color of Lancaster County covered bridges, on both the inside and outside.
The Puente Romano is a Roman bridge over the Guadiana River at Mérida, Spain.
Built in 1999, it has a main span of 648 meters.
The Authority continues to resist toll conversion to E-ZPass, because this would necessitate accounting of toll monies.
The Stone Bridge spans the Conemaugh River in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.
The article included testimony of a survivor who leapt from the bridge.
The watercraft traffic under that bridge is greater than for any other drawbridge in the city.
The subway level connects Broadview Station in the east with Castle Frank and Sherbourne Stations to the west.
It is situated on the reach above Cookham Lock and links Cookham on the Berkshire bank with Bourne End in Buckinghamshire.
Kew Gardens Station Footbridge, also a Grade II-listed structure, is next to the station, on the southern side.
In this case, the span for the shipping channel was greatly expanded.
Ohio River traffic passes through this canal to navigate past the Falls of the Ohio.
It was originally built by the Canadian Pacific Railway.
The construction of the bridge began in March 2012.
Newfield Bridge is a wooden covered bridge over Cayuga Creek.
The bridge is obsolete and requires extensive ongoing maintenance, with speeds restricted to 45 miles per hour.
It is one of two bridges in the state that was uncovered when first built, its trusses boxed for shelter.
The bridge was built to reduce the traffic congestion at the Johor–Singapore Causeway, and was opened to traffic on 2 January 1998.
In terms of height, the Gateshead Millennium Bridge is slightly shorter than the neighbouring Tyne Bridge, and stands as the sixteenth tallest structure in the city.
The bridge connects Gaindakot municipality of Nawalparasi District on the western region of Nepal, with Narayanghat city on the central development region.
It is used by trains on the Canada Line, which opened in August 2009.
One of the attractions of Ahmedabad City, the Patang Revolving Restaurant is situated near Nehru Bridge on the banks of Sabarmati River.
For many years its picturesque setting in the Goyt valley was obscured by the uncontrolled growth of self-set trees.
Its most notable feature is a 22-degree bend occurring at the middle of the crossing.
The bridge length is 332 meters, the width is 24–27 meters.
It was completed in 1905, it was Britain's first transporter bridge and the largest of its type ever built in the world.
It was called the Hangang Bridge No.
Lawrence Avenue East section west of Park Lane Circle ends at the eastern side of the bridge
It was built by the Oregon-Washington Bridge Company and opened on December 9, 1924.
The bridge is part of a network of bridges that connect all the main islands of the municipality of Herøy.
Its design includes two 12-foot lanes in each direction and two 10-foot outside shoulders and two 4-foot inside shoulders.
The line previously, however, extended to Shelford in Cambridgeshire.
The bridge is considered an historic landmark in Toronto, where the City of Scarborough council has erected a plaque beside the bridge which reads:
Bigelow Bridge is one of six historic covered bridges in Union County, Ohio.
State Route 337 is a primary state highway in the South Hampton Roads area of the U.S. state of Virginia.
The current bridge opened on October 4, 2009.
The CRC was intended to be a safer, more modern bridge, with greater capacity, including light rail to directly connect with the regional MAX system.
Reading Bridge is a road bridge over the River Thames at Reading in the English county of Berkshire.
It is an important part of Saint Petersburg Ring Road.
Mount Pleasant Road Bridge - deck truss bridge built in 1943
Salisbury Center Bridge is the only covered bridge in Herkimer County, New York.
The bridge connects the mainland part of the city with Russky Island, where the main activities of the summit took place.
The system includes the Rosedale Valley phase and the Sherbourne Phase, an embankment built to extend Bloor Street East to the Rosedale Ravine from Sherbourne Street.
"They're working with the bearings on the bridge, which we do maintenance on throughout all of our bridges in the district."
Operations were later taken over by Conrail under contract with the New Jersey Department of Transportation and in 1983 by NJT.
It connects US 17 in Mount Pleasant, SC with South Carolina Highway 703 on the Isle of Palms.
An area of a nearby business park was set aside for the public to watch the bridge being moved into place.
It was the first river crossing in the district which allowed access across the river before the first bridge was constructed.
It was built about 1850, and is a distinctive variant of a Burr arch design.
It is part of the bridge connection between the islands of Åmnøya and Grønnøya, several small islands, and the mainland village of Engavågen.
From the bridge, it is an 11-mile hike up to the summit of Dodger Point mountain at 5,753 feet.
The bridge charges $1 tolls for cars and is 20 feet wide.
When finished in 1991, it replaced the Vangshylla–Kjerringvik Ferry and it gives the communities in Mosvik and Leksvik easier access to the central areas of Innherred.
It is ranked as the tenth tallest structure in the city.
The vertical-lift span has 105-foot high towers, and the electrical lift system was built with a possible 45-foot elevation.
The truss bridge was demolished in March 1984.
The viaduct will be a traditional piled structure with a length of 1.8 km and 45 spans of 40 m.
The Kurtz's Mill Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that spans Mill Creek in the Lancaster County Park in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The bridge carries 6 lanes of traffic between the Caidian District and the Jiangxia District of Wuhan, Hubei.
The arch spans 150 feet, and was based on Jean-Rodolphe Perronet's 1774 design for a bridge over the River Seine at Neuilly.
The Uhlerstown–Frenchtown Bridge is a free bridge over the Delaware River, owned and operated by the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission.
The three-span bridge was built in 1822, to designs by the engineer Thomas Telford.
The Bucher's Mill Covered Bridge or Butcher's Mill Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that spans Cocalico Creek in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The bridge sits atop cut stone abutments, one made of sandstone quarried nearby, and the other made of creek stone.
The bridge links the mainland to the tiny island of Carrickarede.
The bridge was opened on March 1, 1902 but was destroyed in World War II during the liberation of Manila.
The Long River Bridge or Longjiang Bridge is a suspension bridge near Baoshan, Yunnan, China.
They also connect Interstate 495, U.S. Route 13, and Route 9 in New Castle, Delaware with U.S. Route 130 in Pennsville Township, New Jersey.
At the time of its completion, the bridge's central span was the longest concrete arch in the world.
The toll booths were removed and free flow tolling began in July 2009.
It is situated in the Diablerets massif of the Bernese Alps in the canton of Vaud, and connects the peak of Scex Rouge with another peak.
The first vehicles were allowed to cross the bridge after midnight, on 15 June 2013.
By the end of that decade, a second bridge was being planned to cope with rising levels of congestion.
The Beesley's Point Bridge was a bridge in New Jersey, United States, that was built privately by the Ocean City Automobile Club in 1927.
Opened in 1933, it carries U.S. Route 80 across the Red River.
The Nydeggbrücke is in total 190 meters long and took three years to build.
The bridle was constructed by the Cleveland Bridge and Engineering Company with Miller Groupas the foundation and concrete sub-contractor.
The bridge was closed to all traffic from the 1970s until its restoration, which began in 2009.
The bridge has weight restrictions: Total Gross Weight Limit: 80,000 lbs, each single axle: 20,000 lbs, tandem axles: 34,000 lbs.
It is a Grade II* listed structure.
The bridge was designed with a record-setting 134-meter main span—the longest precast cantilever segmental construction in the United States.
The Cambridge Main Street Bridge is a concrete bowstring arch bridge located in Cambridge, Ontario.
It was opened to traffic in 2007.
The Highland Bridge is the third of three pedestrian bridges to connect Downtown Denver with the Highland neighborhood.
The bridge is of the cantilever spar cable-stayed bridge type and consists of a single pylon, counterbalancing a 200 m span with thirteen lengths of cables.
The bright red bridge spans 90 meters and was designed by Adriaan Geuze of the architectural firm West 8.
The Old Bridge of Vilaller is an ancient bridge on the river Noguera Ribagorçana, currently in ruins.
In April 2015 the FDOT announced another proposal for a pair of bridges.
The bridge was partially damaged in 2004 but still remains significant.
At an estimated cost of DKK 21.4 billion, the link is the largest construction project in Danish history.
It is the largest suspension bridge in Africa.
It forms part of the G9411 Dongguan–Foshan Expressway.
The bridge links Memorial Road on the north bank of the river to Moss Street on the south bank.
Serving as the gateway to the provincial capital, Tuguegarao City, it is part of the Santiago-Tuguegarao Road, a major junction of the Pan-Philippine Highway.
Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Crossing, also known as Sixth Crossing, was reported in 2008 as a future bridge in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
The bridge passes behind a replica of the Statue of Liberty.
In 1962 the second bridge was built because the reservoir pool backing up behind the new Wanapum Dam would soon overwhelm the old bridge.
Two of the original bronze light fixtures can still be seen on the front lawn of the Frank Sahd Salvage Center along Route 462 in Columbia.
The bridge was designed in 1955 by Edgar Cardoso.
The bridge's closeness to the river surface has made the sidewalks on either side of it popular fishing locations.
Ransome is believed to have used his patented cold-twisted square steel bar for reinforcement, placed longitudinally in the arch and curved in the same arc.
It is the northernmost and furthest upstream of the three Illinois River crossings used by IL 100, with the other two being at Florence and Hardin.
North of the Yancopin Bridge, the rail line/trail traverses old-growth hardwood forest within the Trusten Holder State Wildlife Management Area.
The bridge, which is made of concrete, has a 55-foot vertical clearance above Shinnecock Bay.
Jiefang Bridge is a bridge in Guangzhou, China.
Popular legend suggests that George Washington crossed the bridge with the Bull's assistance while still under construction.
The bridge is named after the Iroise Sea, into which the roadstead of Brest opens.
From its opening in 1964 through August 15, 2001, a 50-cent toll was collected on traffic crossing to the west bank.
In 2005 the Jubilee Bridge was awarded Grade II Listed building status by Cadw.
Two were in the middle and were squiggly, the other two arches were on the banks of the Hrazdan River.
Today, it serves the Keokuk Junction Railway with an occasional train crossings for interconnection and river terminal services.
The bridge is part of highway BR-317, and connects the Peruvian city Iñapari to the Brazilian city Assis Brasil.
The bridge is a declared National Historical Landmark since 1939.
Constructed with steel and concrete, the bridge is officially named for Neil R. Underwood.
The borough of Tionesta on the east bank of the river is connected with an unpopulated section of Tionesta Township on the west bank.
In 1929, eighty loads of loam and several loads of fertilizer were brought to the bridge.
Construction began 10 years earlier in 1947.
The bridge, made of steel, is the second to have stood at the site.
The bridge serves as a direct surface route from a major commercial center in East Peoria to the Civic Center in downtown Peoria.
The new bridge was designed by James Madison Porter III, an alumnus of nearby Lafayette College and later a professor of civil engineering there.
The main span uses a steel truss for deck support and stiffening.
The bridge crosses over the Columbia River and was built on concrete piers 85 feet above the water to provide clearance for any river traffic.
It literally means a small piece of stone or a pebble.
In July 2012 the Baling River Bridge was the location for the 2012 China Bridge Parachuting International Challenge.
The Slauerhoffbrug is a fully automatic bascule bridge in the city of Leeuwarden in the Netherlands.
Chelsea Bridge is a bridge over the River Thames in west London, connecting Chelsea on the north bank to Battersea on the south bank.
A notable train using the bridge is the Juice Train, which originates in Florida.
Under the intersection of Krakowskie Przedmieście and Miodowa Street a tunnel was built for the Trasa WZ which resulted in the need to reduce the road.
Another privately owned "Penny Bridge" was provided nearby at the end of Church Street in 1857.
Though no historical marker is in place, the Big Rocky Fork Covered Bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
It spans the Albula east of the hamlet of Solis, in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It crosses the Ramsundet strait between the village of Ramsund on the mainland and the island of Tjeldøya in Tjeldsund municipality.
The Mersey Gateway is a multi-million pound transport scheme between Runcorn and Widnes in Cheshire, England.
It is built in red sandstone ashlar and consists of a basket arch of short rusticated voussoirs.
The Chain Bridge is a viaduct which crosses the Potomac River at Little Falls in Washington, D.C.
With construction being carried out by the C.J.
For 2011, the NYCDOT reported an average daily traffic volume in both directions of 41,423; having reached a peak of 49,487 in 2002.
The Arida Border Crossing is an international border crossing between Syria and Lebanon.
However, later that year, lack of funding prevented the bridge from being built.
Python Bridge, officially known as Hoe Bridge, is a bridge that spans the canal between Sporenburg and Borneo Island in Eastern Docklands, Amsterdam.
In 1907, the bridge was strengthened with intermediate piers and extra girders added.
Like the larger and more famous Verrazano-Narrows Bridge, it is named for Giovanni da Verrazzano.
George Street Bridge [1] is a crossing of the River Usk in the community of Victoria in Newport, South Wales.
Interstate 95 and U.S. Route 1/9 cross the river via the bridge.
The use of unusual geometric shapes fabricated using stainless-steel and GFRP are blended in an innovative fashion, giving rise to an austere and elegant solution.
The toll, levied on northbound traffic only, is $8.00 for two-axle vehicles as of July 1, 2013; larger vehicles pay another $8 per additional axle.
Plaka Bridge is a 19th-century stone one-arch bridge in Greece that collapsed during the floods of 1 February 2015.
The bridge has become a popular place for attaching love padlocks.
The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is a double-decked suspension bridge that connects the New York City boroughs of Staten Island and Brooklyn.
The Uzunköprü Bridge or Long Bridge meaning is a 15th-century Ottoman bridge, which gave its name to the town of Uzunköprü.
The Third Nanjing Yangtze Bridge is the first cable-stayed bridge located in Nanjing, China.
Henley Bridge is a road bridge built in 1786 at Henley-on-Thames over the River Thames, between Oxfordshire and Berkshire.
Each July 4 the bridge is closed for a fireworks show.
All four were listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 8, 1972.
Previously the connection was made via a line that headed southwest along the Mississippi River, north at Mendota and northwest via Fort Snelling to downtown Minneapolis.
The length of the two structures is 297 metres and 565 metres.
The bridge is part of the Jiaozishan highway.
Added in 1980, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as structure number 80003508.
The double-span Burr Arch covered bridge structure was built by J.J. Daniels in 1866 and damaged by flood waters in December 1875.
A staircase leads from the northern terminus of the bridge up to the campus of Duquesne University on the Bluff.
The bridge used to carry vehicular traffic from Saskatchewan Highway 16, but is now open to foot traffic only.
Morris was instrumental in the construction of the 1975 bridge and the City of Clinton Bridge Commission named it in his honor.
On March 4, 2015, officials decided to keep the bridge closed permanently.
The bridge was constructed in 1930, replacing an earlier wooden structure.
42 km downstream at Aspendos, the Eurymedon is crossed by another extant old bridge.
A replacement bridge, tentatively titled State Route 47 Schuyler Heim Bridge Replacement, is expected to open in early 2017.
The bridge arrives on the Missouri shore line just south of the Gateway Arch.
The bridge is built of red sandstone, and formed of a semi-elliptical central span with two smaller supporting arches which were widened in 1916.
It is painted red, the traditional color of Lancaster County covered bridges, on both the inside and outside.
In 1987, the Heart of America Bridge opened to the east to replace the vehicular portion.
The Yichang Yangtze River Railway Bridge is an arch bridge in Yichang, Chongqing, China.
It links Gare d'Austerlitz on the left bank to Quai de la Rapée on the other side of the river.
North of I-10 the road is signed solely as State Road 281.
Upon dedication, the bridge was officially named the Garden City Skyway, in honour of St. Catharines being Canada's Garden City.
It was designed by Henry Charles Stanley and built from 1894 to 1895 by John McCormick & Son.
In 1995 several changes were made to provide "enhanced safety for cyclists, skaters and pedestrians."
The eastern tower measures 269 m making it one of the tallest in the world.
The bridge design was inspired by the hull of a boat.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The Robert H. Mollohan-Jefferson Street Bridge, also known as the Million Dollar Bridge or High Level Bridge, is located in Fairmont, Marion County, West Virginia.
It was built by the French firm Société de Construction des Batignolles between 1912 and 1916.
The other, the privately owned Oldtown Low Water Toll Bridge, connects Maryland and West Virginia, far upstream.
The bridge was named for Herschel Lovett, a Dublin businessman and politician.
It is built of brick arches on stone piers.
It was completed in 1895, and updated in 1929.
It is 550 feet long which makes in one of the longest self-anchored pedestrian bridges in the world.
It is the oldest standing bridge in the country.
The deck of the whole bridge is sawn hardwood.
Buntun Bridge is considered as the longest river bridge in the Philippines.
Hangzhou Bay Bridge is a highway bridge with a cable-stayed portion across Hangzhou Bay in the eastern coastal region of China.
On May 25, 1978, the bridge was named for the late Supervising Warden Francis R. Buono, who directed its construction.
It is built of stone with large voussoirs and retaining walls of coursed masonry and is 7.4 metres wide with triangular buttresses.
The bridge is 1,742.3 metres long and carries two tracks of the Jiaozuo–Liuzhou Railway and road traffic.
It was opened on 20 January 2011 by Simon Crean, the Minister for Regional Australia, Regional Development and Local Government.
Teddington Lock Footbridge consists of two separate bridges across the River Thames in England situated just upstream of Teddington Lock at Teddington.
Tolls were charged on the bridge until 1973.
Construction of a new bridge just upstream of the old one began in May 1931.
Formerly a toll bridge, Shard Bridge is now a free municipal crossing.
The current span was built in 1966 and replaced an old bridge that was built in 1893.
Oddesund Bridge is a road and railway bascule bridge that crosses the Oddesund strait between the peninsulas of Jutland and Thyholm in Denmark.
It was believed that elephants had instincts that would keep them from setting foot on unsafe structures.
The shoulder on both sides is designated a bicycle path.
The well-preserved structure has a single span of 3.95 m, which is quite large for a false arch.
Watson went on to become later to become the CRB Chief Bridge Engineer.
The bridge is over 2,000 feet long.
Massive abutments at each end carried the railway's insignia, preserved and restored on the south side.
The total cost with approaches was $1.25 million - completed in record time and within estimates.
The bridge supports a dual-three lane carriageway linking Kampong Ladang at Tanjung Kupang, Johor to Jalan Ahmad Ibrahim at Tuas, Singapore.
The bridge was built to complement the existing Angostura Bridge and to provide a more direct connection with the important industrial city of Ciudad Guayana.
The Jingzhou Bridge is a large bridge complex crossing the Yangtze River just south of the city-center of Jingzhou, Hubei.
Problems cited include increasing traffic in the Clay County and St. Johns County areas, safety, and the inability of large boats to travel upriver.
This bridge was also called the "High" bridge.
The bridge was inaugurated in September 2000 and bridge carries road traffic.
At the time of its construction, the bridge was the longest single-span arch bridge in the world, a title that it retained for 30 years.
The 11th Street Bridges are a complex of three bridges across the Anacostia River in Washington, D.C., United States.
It was considered "one of the most difficult, single-arch bridges to construct."
The Viking settlement at Woodstown was discovered during the project and the route of the southern approach roads was altered to preserve the site.
The second span was constructed in 1965.
The dedication of the original bridge was on June 14–15, 1929 with an official name of the Grand Canyon Bridge.
Dabong Bridge is a bridge in Dabong, Kelantan, Malaysia.
Judges appreciated the combination of aesthetics and functionality.
The highway was named for General William C. Westmoreland, a South Carolina native and graduate of West Point.
The plaque from the 1895 metal truss structure is on display at the northern end of the bridge.
It is the only covered span in the state of Oregon on the east side of the Cascade Range.
Upon completion in 2018, the bridge will provide an easy roadway link between the northern and southern parts of Bihar.
Construction took place from October 1993 to May 1997 and cost C$1.3 billion.
The bridge cost $55.5 million to construct.
It crosses the San José Lagoon thereby linking sectors of Rio Piedras in San Juan to Isla Verde Carolina neighbor.
There are only one span, length about 40 metres.
The southwestern closed-spandrel arch spans the former Lackawanna and Wyoming Valley Railroad, converted to highway use in 1964 as the Central Scranton Expressway.
The narrow spans were unpopular with river traffic and it was reconstructed in steel in 1895.
DB Draw is a railroad swing bridge crossing the Hackensack River between Secaucus and Kearny, in New Jersey, United States.
The bridge is part of the R802 regional road and is part of Bridge Street.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The bridge now carries eight lanes across the span.
This would free up space along the Willamette River for development.
Partly submerged by a modern weir about 100 m downstream, the exact form of its masonry arch is difficult to determine.
No dedication ceremony occurred at the time due to the unavailability of President Franklin Roosevelt.
The Estrella–Pantaleon Bridge, also known as the Rockwell Bridge, is a two-lane box truss bridge crossing the Pasig River in Metro Manila, the Philippines.
It is a five-span road bridge, which carries the N65 across the River Shannon to Lehinch in County Tipperary.
Following a recommendation of the World Heritage Committee the Government of Montenegro is expected to consider alternative ways of crossing the bay.
It replaced a bridge of the same name that was built in 1956 and demolished in 2016.
The bridge is a post-tensioned, double-cell concrete box girder bridge with four travel lanes separated by a concrete Jersey barrier.
In 2011, a bill was introduced in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives to rename the structure for Baseball Hall of Famer Stan Musial, a Donora native.
The bridge was built in 1962 as part of Interstate 210.
At the end of the bridge, to the south there is a cloverleaf interchange after the toll booth which is and exchange for the road.
It is located in the Wheeling Island Historic District.
US 46, which lies entirely within New Jersey, terminates halfway across the bridge at the state border with New York.
This bridge opened in late 2003, on the historically significant site of a series of former Stono Bridges.
The height of the bridge varies from 12.44 m to 33.38 m with the highest sections located over the St. Lawrence Seaway.
The Nagoya Port Drawbridge is a drawbridge in Nagoya Port in Nagoya, Japan.
It was one of the first long-span cable-stayed road bridges in China.
The bridge was designated an Important Cultural Property in 2003, and in 2007 it was included in the Mechanical Engineering Heritage as item No.23.
The bridge is located just east of the Fremont Cut, which itself is spanned by the Fremont Bridge.
The ASEAN Bridge is located approximately 2 km upstream of the New Miri Port Complex.
The Flour Bridge is a bridge across the Griboyedov Canal in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
It is also known as Laredo International Bridge 4.
As of 2013, the bridge is in active rail service, operated by the Walkersville Southern RR.
Rather than being evenly distributed along the arch's length, the weight of the bridge is concentrated at the crown of the arch.
The single-span Burr Arch covered bridge structure was built by the J.J. Daniels in 1899 and destroyed by flood in 1968.
"Tongji Bridge" is a very common name for bridges in ancient China.
The Øresund/Öresund/Oresund Bridge is a combined railway and motorway bridge across the Øresund strait between Sweden and Denmark.
Kikwete Bridge is a bridge currently under construction in Tanzania across the Malagarasi River.
Freight cars regularly traversed the bridge to deliver to various industries in Harrison.
MacArthur Bridge is a road bridge crossing the Pasig River between Padre Burgos Avenue in Ermita and Carlos Palanca Street in Santa Cruz.
Tolls were added for auto traffic beginning in 1932.
It was designed by Harrington, Howard & Ash, the predecessor of HNTB.
The second bridge was demolished between 1936 and 1942 and replaced in 1942 with a metal bridge by L. A. Lévy and the Daydé company.
The bridge's collapse had a lasting effect on science and engineering.
The bridge is the only surviving Telford-approved cast-iron bridge in Shropshire, and is a Grade II listed building and scheduled monument.
The bridge is part of the National Highway System, as are South Capitol Street north of the bridge and the Suitland Parkway.
Completed in 2009, the bridge carries traffic on the G50 Shanghai–Chongqing Expressway.
The building of the viaduct took exactly ten months.
It links the suburb of Onerahi with the city of Whangarei and is approximately 5 km long.
Once complete the bridge, at 272 m, will be one of the highest in world.
The bridge has seventeen spans and is longer than the more massive Tunkhannock Viaduct of the same type.
The Melan Arch Bridge opened in 1898 and was the only bridge to North Topeka until 1938.
Routes 22 and 322 across the Susquehanna River near Duncannon, Pennsylvania about 20 miles north of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
The project was named "Puente de las Mariposas", connecting the Design Metropolitan Center of Barracas with the Faculty of Environmental Sciences of Avellaneda.
The Xinguang Bridge is an arch bridge located in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.
The Paulinskill Viaduct, also known as the Hainesburg Viaduct, is a reinforced concrete railroad bridge that crosses the Paulins Kill in Knowlton Township, New Jersey.
The toll booth is now preserved in Stratford at the Boothe Memorial Park and Museum.
It connects 18th Street NW in Adams Morgan with Connecticut Avenue NW in Woodley Park, just north of the Taft Bridge.
It was built in 1932, It connects the Armourdale district of Kansas City, Kansas, to the east end of the Argentine district of Kansas City, Kansas.
Passenger traffic was rerouted to the Rochester–Monaca Bridge; trucks — to the Shippingport Bridge.
The location of nearly every pier was dictated by these requirements.
From that time there were various proposal to provide a vehicular crossing between Bayswater and Bassendean.
It has one of the longest spans in the United States.
The bridge carries the Huanan Expressway, which connects the Haizhu District and southern Panyu District with the Tianhe District.
SR 337 is the only numbered highway to cross all three Branches of the Elizabeth River.
It was built from 1947 to 1949 on the pillars which remained from the Kierbedzia Bridge which had been destroyed in World War II.
As of 2014, the bridge is in active rail service, operated by the Maryland Midland Railway.
Xixi Bridge is a 701 metres long suspension bridge on the border of Dafang County and Qianxi County in Guizhou, China.
IDOT,(Illinois Department of Transportation), and WL Miller Co., a large concrete, quarry and asphalt company, put over 26,000 tons of rock on the eastbound lanes.
The bridge, owned by the New York State Bridge Authority, carries two lanes of traffic and approximately 17,000 vehicles per day.
Funded by Thomas Hay, 9th Earl of Kinnoull, the government, and public subscription, the bridge was put to the test three years after its completion.
It includes an inscription in Russian and Polish.
It will complement the Nalubaale Bridge, which was built in 1954.
The bridge was designed by Conde McCullough and was completed in 1926.
It connects Hong Kong with the border crossing facilities on its border with mainland China, the Shenzhen Bay Control Point.
53, is a filled-spandrel concrete arch bridge in Ceresco, Michigan, that carries 12 Mile Road over the Kalamazoo River.
The driver fell through the windshield and was crushed on a dock as he landed before his truck on the same spot.
On 29 September 2006 the road was de-trunked, and the viaduct is now the responsibility of Hertfordshire County Council.
The Tjeldsund Bridge is a suspension road bridge that crosses the Tjeldsundet strait between the mainland and the island of Hinnøya in Troms county, Norway.
In 1957 it was named after Mayor John T. Alsop, Jr., but continues to be known, even on road signs, as the Main Street Bridge.
Being structurally deficient, the bridge was given weight restrictions in 2012 and was partially closed in 2016 for interim repairs.
The east bound lanes were opened in early November 2010, more than a year earlier than originally planned.
595 meters in length, it is one of five bridges crossing the Daugava in Riga and passes over Ķīpsala island.
The bridge spans across railroad yards north of the Mississippi, the river itself, and industrial areas south of the Mississippi.
In October 2005, the speed limit was increased to 80 km/h.
Blackfriars Bridge is a stone arch bridge in Greater Manchester, England.
The Yiling Yangtze River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge over the Yangtze River in the city-center of Yichang, Hubei.
The I-10 Bridge was originally built as the U.S. Hwy 90 bridge and later was grandfathered into Interstate 10.
The bridge, which opened in 1996, is on route E18.
This will also connect residents in Bangar with Bandar Seri Begawan and shorten the travel time between the two towns.
He was quoted at his trial: "Why, Your Honor, it was a nerve test.
The handcrafted bluestone masonry wingwalls and abutments, especially shaped to receive timber struts, rate among the earliest of its kind surviving intact in Victoria.
Three years later it hired local mason Matthew G. Thompson to build the bridge for $208.
The bridge is currently open to two-lane traffic.
In 1959 it was remodeled to be the Koshiji Bridge as a road bridge.
The Center Street Bridge is an automobile bridge located in Salem, Oregon, United States.
The bridge is 176 feet long, 17 feet wide, and 12.5 feet high.
The new 354-foot, 3.82-million-pound bridge was built on the side of the interstate—500 feet from its final location—in order to reduce traffic impact.
Route 30 on the Oregon side with Washington State Route 14.
By 1990, the daily average traffic volume had reached 14,179 vehicles.
A railway station, Södertälje Syd, is located on the western part of bridge.
The scars from the accident can still be seen on the dock to one's right as approaching the east end of the eastbound span.
The modern backwater bridges replaced a wooden and somewhat rickety structure.
That span was considered as the oldest established in the Philippines.
Gently sloping stairways descend at the ends of the bridge.
The Reedy Point Bridge carries Delaware Route 9 across the Chesapeake & Delaware Canal in Delaware City, Delaware, USA.
The first bridge was an 8-span drawbridge, but much of the superstructure had to be replaced in 1877 because of decay in the original pine chords.
It is named for Lexington native, Congressman Ike Skelton.
Efforts to replace the 1890 bridge with a modern structure began in 1931, but were not successful until 1938.
From there, they were loaded onto wagons pulled by oxen.
Its modern and industrial image may be regarded as the city's landmark bridge.
An earlier wooden bridge was built in 1285.
It carries two levels of roadway to accommodate more cars and has a stiffening truss to prevent swinging in the city's harsh winds.
In July 2011, a man jumped over the inner railing, on the side not designated for pedestrians, thinking a landing was on the other side.
In 1917, the bridge was severely damaged by a tornado but was rebuilt.
Back in 1841 when work started on the first railway bridge at this point, it was located in the Rhine Province of Prussia.
Oddamavadi Bridge is a road bridge in Oddamavadi, Sri Lanka a length of 250 meters.
Built in 1940, it was the last bascule bridge constructed in the state of Michigan prior to the end of World War II.
The bridge connects 10th Avenue Southeast, on the east side of the Mississippi River to 19th Avenue South, on the west side.
The project was one of cooperative projects under the framework of Indonesia-Malaysia-Thailand Growth Triangle.
US 30 crosses it as a divided two-lane roadway, and there is no walkway.
The bridge consists of 34 piers from 10 to 75 feet in height.
It was faced with rubble stonework and is an example of National Park Service Rustic design.
The road connects the city of Toronto with its western suburbs and several cities in southwestern Ontario.
The Pont d'Espagne is at an altitude of approx 1500m.
The current bridge replaced a bridge built in 1931 that was only 19 feet wide and had two right angles on the Minnesota side.
It is currently owned by the Kansas City Southern Railway.
Daly's bridge is a pedestrian bridge spanning the River Lee in Cork, Ireland.
The bridge was temporarily opened to pedestrians during the 2012 Spring Festival and was formally opened to traffic in March 2012.
The track included a now abandoned station called Lucasville which was built for the Minister for Mines, John Lucas who had a holiday home nearby.
The path taken by the bridge is close to that of the Severn Tunnel, which has carried the railway line beneath the river bed since 1886.
It is painted red, the traditional color of Lancaster County covered bridges, on the outside.
The Smithfield Street Bridge was built between 1881 and 1883, opening for traffic on March 19, 1883.
The Mosby Creek Bridge was built in 1920 for a cost of $4125 by Walter and Miller Sorenson.
During the late 1800s, the Holmes family operated what is said to be the largest apple orchard in New England, located just southwest of the bridge.
With a total length of 9,005 m or 29,544 ft, it is one of the longest bridges in the world.
The Harvard Bridge is a steel haunched girder bridge carrying Massachusetts Avenue over the Charles River and connecting Back Bay, Boston with Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The causeway is part of State Route 175.
The span is 1,200 feet long and carries an estimated 11.5 million vehicles annually.
The motion was observed even when the bridge opened to the public.
He was one of six sons of Melchior Beltzhoover, a tavern keeper from Hagerstown, Maryland who immigrated from Metterzimmern, Germany in 1752.
The Marquette–Joliet Bridge is a bridge crossing the Mississippi River, connecting Marquette, Iowa and Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin.
The British were at the same time leaving Washington, and boarded ships to sail the Potomac and Chesapeake toward Baltimore.
This funding enabled the Willey Bridge to be opened as a toll free facility.
Only cars going south could use the Wil-Cox Bridge until August 2012, when changes were made to allow traffic to go both ways.
It was widened in 1730 and 1760.
The bridge has a main span of 636 metres and is part of the G60 Shanghai–Kunming Expressway crossing the Beipan River.
It goes from Vige and ends in Søm in Kristiansand.
The Crossman Bridge, also known as the Gilbert Road Bridge, is a truss bridge located in Warren, Massachusetts, carrying Gilbert Road across the Quaboag River.
The bridge connects the South Bank Parklands in South Brisbane to Gardens Point in the Brisbane CBD.
In 1915, the bridge was surveyed as part of the Interstate Commerce Commission's effort to establish freight rates for the Parent railroad.
It is also the terminus of both Iowa Highway 64 and Illinois Route 64.
The bridge is a Grade II listed building, and is part of a surrounding conservation area.
The bridge was opened on 8 September 1966, by Queen Elizabeth II, who hailed it as the dawn of a new economic era for South Wales.
The Charles Berry Bridge is one of only three bridges in Ohio that the ODOT will currently fund.
Münsterbrücke is a pedestrian and road bridge over the Limmat in the city of Zürich, Switzerland.
The Sakonnet River rail bridge was a swing bridge built in 1899 by the Pennsylvania Steel Company.
Ripson Bridge was designated a local and county historical site in 1988.
However, in widespread usage, it is referred to as so in two words.
The bridge connects nearby Rossville with Interstate 70.
It is part of Semi-Inner Ring circle.
Originally designed to connect with a now-cancelled freeway, the limited-access bridge has recently been retrofitted to better serve the local area.
At 340 feet in length, the steel through truss is the longest bridge along Route 211.
It replaced a previous bridge built in 1809.
It has an operating rating of 60.8 metric tons.
After the earthquake it survived the effects of the Riñihuazo, a flooding caused by the earthquake.
Finished in 1955, it was originally called the East Capitol Street Bridge.
It is preserved as a Grade II listed structure.
The bridge opened on February 18, 1928, as the first permanent crossing of Lake Pontchartrain.
The bridge width is 4.52 m. At the eastern side exists a small squarish floodway which is supported by a column with capital.
The bridge is located near the Sherwood Forest Country Club.
At first, the bridge was known as the Bung Karno Bridge, after the president, but following his fall, it was renamed the Ampera Bridge.
The Hohenzollern Bridge is a bridge crossing the river Rhine in the German city of Cologne.
The bridge is located 700 metres from Chawang railway station.
On the north side of the bridge runs a bike path that connects Creve Coeur Memorial Park to the Katy Trail.
The Clinton Covered Bridge was on the east side of Clinton, Indiana.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The bridge was completed and declared open on 20 October 2009 by President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
It was built in 1925 by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Metropolitan District Commission.
The bridge was described as "The road to nowhere" by the Daily Mail in 2011.
The current bridge was completed in October 2002, replacing the original bascule bridge span completed in 1954.
He turned to the helicoidal or spiral method, introduced by British architect Peter Nicholson in 1828.
In March 2017 the operating company announced the sign-up of subcontractors for the project.
The Langwieser Viaduct is a single track reinforced concrete railway bridge spanning the Plessur River and the Sapünerbach, near Langwies, in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is a reinforced concrete bridge consisting of two arches with a total length of 106 metres.
Rainbow Bridge connects Fidalgo Island and La Conner, crossing Swinomish Channel in Skagit County, Washington.
The Denison Bridge was registered on the Register of the National Estate in 1978.
The bridge was inspected on August 3, 2007 and found to be structurally sound.
The Coast Meridian Overpass is a four-lane cable stayed bridge in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, crossing the Canadian Pacific railyard.
The Sandhornøy Bridge was opened in 1989 as an arm off of Norwegian County Road 17.
It forms a third side to a triangle between The Cathedral and the Silk Mill Museum.
The same tracks are also used by London Underground's District line trains running between Richmond and Upminster.
The opening ceremony was held on Saturday, September 30, 2006.
The bridge was widened and slightly flattened in 1937–40, but otherwise still conforms to its original design.
Samuel C. Lancaster provided overall supervision during construction.
At 7,293 feet long, it is the longest bridge in Allegheny County.
BP Bridge uses a concealed box girder design with a concrete base, and its deck is covered by hardwood floor boards.
On June 14, 1874, John Robinson led a "test elephant" on a stroll across the new Eads Bridge to prove it was safe.
It was replaced in 1998 with a newer bridge that used the superstructure of the old bridge.
In 2005, the bridge carried an annual average daily traffic of about 30,000 vehicles per day.
Ewood Aqueduct is a high embankment carrying the Leeds and Liverpool Canal over the River Darwen and the B6447 road near Blackburn, Lancashire, England.
It spans the East Fork of the San Gabriel River and was meant to be part of a road connecting the San Gabriel Valley with Wrightwood.
The bridge ranks among the longest cable-stayed bridges in the world.
Its weight was supported by 15 piles driven deep into the river bed.
The bridge is the only nine span bridge of its kind in Canada and is considered the first reinforced concrete bridge of its type ever built.
It was the first parabolic arch bridge in the United States.
The checkpoint on Malaysia side is called the Sultan Abu Bakar CIQ Complex.
The War Mothers Memorial Bridge is a box girder bridge that carries US 60 and KY 420 across the Kentucky River in Frankfort, Kentucky.
However, a PennDOT inspection in the summer of 1999 found that the bridge had undergone serious structural deterioration, and it was immediately closed to traffic.
In particular, there was no access road other than the Blue Ridge Parkway itself.
The bridge was originally to be named Arrowhead Bridge, after the old wood trestle–bascule bridge it replaced.
As part of the Hamm–Warburg railway between Paderborn and Altenbeken, it is still in use today.
Together with approaches, the bridges are more than 17,000 feet long.
Bridge was reported as destroyed in a flood between 2008 and 2012.
Traffic bottlenecked as populations grew on both sides of the bridge in the 1940s.
The Hockley Railway Viaduct is a disused railway viaduct to the south of Winchester in Hampshire, England.
The traditional ends of the medieval bridge were marked by St Magnus-the-Martyr on the northern bank and Southwark Cathedral on the southern shore.
In 1996, the remaining part of the ASB was designated by the American Society of Civil Engineers as a national landmark in civil engineering.
The bridge contains three arch spans of 7.6 m each and holds two lanes of traffic as well as pedestrian walkways.
The first bridge was a Victorian road and railway viaduct that was constructed entirely from timber.
The bridge is also notable for a monumental reinforced concrete rainbow arch.
The current bridge is the first on the site, and was built in 1923 as part of the political accommodation when Reading absorbed Caversham.
One of the previous wrought iron lattice trusses was left in place.
With its rich history and unique design the Waibaidu Bridge is one of the symbols of Shanghai.
The Qingshui River Bridge is a suspension bridge in Guizhou, China.
As part of the restoration of the canal the aqueduct was lined with a concrete "cradle" and made water-tight in 1980.
Porthill Bridge, also often referred to as Port Hill Footbridge, is a suspension bridge for pedestrians crossing the River Severn in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England.
The bridge was severely damaged during World War II, was repaired 1952-1953 and officially reopened in 1953.
The pedestrian bridge serves as a noise barrier for traffic sounds from Columbus Drive.
The Wil-Cox Bridge is a historic concrete arch pedestrian bridge spanning the Yadkin River between Rowan and Davidson counties in North Carolina.
It was a toll bridge until 1991.
The bridge passes over, but does not serve, Washington's Landing, which is connected to the mainland by the 30th Street Bridge.
In 2002, defects in the structure were discovered, prompting the need for renovation.
From 1926 to 1929, it had the longest single span of any suspension bridge in the world.
The Tioronda Bridge once carried South Avenue in Beacon, New York, across Fishkill Creek.
Rouen City Council named the bridge on 15 December 2006, after the famous 19th-century novelist Gustave Flaubert, who was born and died in Rouen.
Built in 1904, it is last documented covered bridge to be built in Vermont during the historic 19th and early 20th century period.
The total cost of the 22 km highway section containing the viaduct, which runs between Cunța and Săliște, is around €142 million.
It was designed by A E Harding Frew and built from 1928 to 1932 by M R Hornibrook Ltd.
The current bridge was completed in 1992.
The eastern bridge is an iron girder bridge crossing the lock cut and linking the island to Ham on the Surrey bank.
The neighborhood immediately north of the Willamette River near the bridge is often called the "Ferry Street Bridge area."
This aqueduct was in use until the eighteenth century.
Designed to bear a heavy load without structural problems caused by its own weight, it has won awards for its use of sheet metal.
It was replaced by the Highland Park Bridge in 1938.
The bridge has a street setup, with one lane in either direction.
The bridge starts from Iddo on the mainland and ends at the Idumota area of Lagos Island.
Next to it is the Old Vicksburg Bridge.
The bridge was declared a National Historic Landmark on March 11, 2013.
The bridge was built in 1272 and was destroyed several times.
The reservoir to the east of the dam conceals the rapids for which International Falls was named.
The bridge crosses over the West Branch Susquehanna River, and is one of two bridges that crosses over the river in the town.
The Great Race starts just north of the bridge, with the rowers passing under it during the race.
Doyle Road Bridge is a covered bridge spanning Mill Creek in Jefferson Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States.
It is currently being scheduled for major repairs.
The link replaced the ferry service that had been the primary means of crossing the Great Belt.
The island was originally accessible only by ferry or by ice bridge during the winter.
Victoria Bridge is a stone arch bridge in Greater Manchester, England.
In 2013, the Pennsylvania Legislature voted to name the bridge for Ronald C. "Smokey" Bakewell, a local serviceman killed during the Vietnam War.
The Joseph E. Muller Bridge is a crossing of the Connecticut River in Western Massachusetts, connecting the communities of Holyoke and South Hadley.
This construction method was selected to reduce construction impacts on the marsh areas along the banks of the Wando River.
The Walnut Street Bridge in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania crosses the Schuylkill River between Center City and West Philadelphia, and carries Walnut Street, a westbound street.
At some time in 1991, the original bridge was closed to allow construction of the new one to proceed.
It connects Boylston Street to Storrow Drive.
This article is about a bridge under construction in Scotland.
The original bridge was built in 1958 and rehabilitated in 1996.
The bridge was known colloquially by the locals as the "Humpity Bump" because the road surface of the bridge was so buckled.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Melaka Coastal Bridge is a river bridge in box girder shape in Melaka City in Melaka, Malaysia.
Together with Masnedsund Bridge it connects Falster and Zealand.
The James River is relatively shallow where the Willey Bridge crosses well above the falls of the river at Richmond.
The Ronald Kirk Bridge is a pedestrian footbridge over the Trinity River in Dallas, Texas.
In June 1906, the old bridge was floated down the river and placed on a newly constructed center pier.
The Nutty Narrows Bridge is a squirrel bridge in Longview, Washington.
Four new intersections at existing LA 1, LA 10, LA 981 and US 61 for entry to and exit from the new roadway and bridge
The bridge consists of three semi-circular arches.
Since the beginning of Salik, Al Garhoud Bridge has seen low amounts of traffic for Dubai.
The link between the two cities spans a total of 59.4 kilometers.
The bridge has been listed in the National Register of Historic Places due to its historical integrity.
It carries westbound traffic of State Road 80 across Billy's Creek.
It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
In 1777, George Snell was considered the owner of the bridge by Montgomery County with George Darby listed as the road overseer.
It crosses the Saint John River from Hartland to Somerville, New Brunswick, Canada.
The I-10 Bonnet Carré Spillway Bridge is a twin concrete trestle bridge in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
The Frank Gehry Bridge is a bridge in Bilbao that connects Deusto and Zorrotzaurre.
It is the highest bridge in Myanmar and when it was completed, the largest railway trestle in the world.
A sign on the bridge also identifies it as the Lincoln Gap covered bridge, despite no official reference to that name.
It bridges the Süderelbe, here called Köhlbrand, before it unites with the Norderelbe again.
The Flintshire Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge spanning the Dee Estuary in North Wales.
Construction was underway for abutments and column footings of the bridge as of early 2011.
The bridge is a Mérimée list National Monument No.
The 17th Street Bridge is a fixed concrete arch bridge that spans the Indian River intracoastal waterway in Indian River County, Florida.
The piers have two flat columns that taper together, with a base that extends out to the full width of the bridge.
This bridge is the third bridge to cross the river at this location.
The Rock Creek Canyon Bridge is a large, multi-span, steel truss bridge on the Crowsnest Highway over Rock Creek Canyon in British Columbia.
The new bridge, completed in 1996, is raised and much longer than the older twin drawbridges.
Two bridges had previously connected the cities of Benton City and Kiona before and were located 300 feet downstream.
Viewed from a horizontal plane the railway line at this point has a gradient of 1.8‰.
This bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The viaduct, built by the Midland Railway, is 28 miles north-west of Skipton and 26 miles south-east of Kendal.
The High Speed Railway line connecting Barcelona and the French border crosses the Municipality of Vilafant 19 ft below the ground level.
The bridge is part of the A898 road.
The Kurilpa Bridge is a A$63 million pedestrian and bicycle bridge over the Brisbane River in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Large commercial vehicles are not permitted to cross and must use the wider MacKay Bridge to the northwest.
On the Midland Railway System Maps of 1918, the bridges are identified as bridges 27 and 27a.
The Ponte d’Augusto is a Roman arch bridge in the Italian city Narni in Umbria, built to carry the Flaminian Way over the river Nera.
It crashed onto the frozen river below and started to sink through the broken ice.
It is located directly adjacent to AT&T Park.
The old bridge was a steel arch bridge that was 304 metres long and had a main span of 80 metres.
Some remedial work was carried out on the approaches to the bridge in 2006 to mitigate the effects of long and heavy vehicles using it.
The Drygrange Old Bridge is a disused road bridge over the River Tweed near Melrose in the Scottish Borders.
It was finally opened for passenger trains on 11 April 2016 by Minister of state for Railways, Manoj Sinha by flagging off Begusarai-Jamalpur DEMU train.
The Toronto Port Authority made further repairs on the bridge from December 2012 to September 2013 at a cost of CA$2 million.
Opened to traffic in 1966, it provides an important link between Providence, Rhode Island, New Bedford, and Cape Cod.
It was designed by Sir John Rennie as part of the River Ancholme Drainage Scheme, completed in 1836, and is a Grade II* listed building.
It is the longest two-span bridge to be moved in the Western Hemisphere, and the second longest in the world to be moved.
The bridge is 295 m long, 6 m wide and has 20 or 21 arches.
Built in 1903, it is owned and operated by New Jersey Transit Rail Operations.
The bridge is commonly referred to as the "Zakim Bridge" or "Bunker Hill Bridge" by residents of nearby Charlestown.
It crosses the River Dee carrying the road that leads from the bottom of Lower Bridge Street and the Bridgegate to Handbridge.
The bridge was named after an early pioneer family.
Classon's Bridge is a bridge over the River Dodder in Dublin between Milltown and Dartry.
The Gjemnessund Bridge has had a problem with seabirds, whose manure contain salt and ammonia.
Stonecutters Bridge is a high level cable-stayed bridge which spans the Rambler Channel in Hong Kong, connecting Nam Wan Kok, Tsing Yi island and Stonecutters Island.
The arch of the bridge is created by a curvilinear steel beam which is supported by the quay walls.
The area underneath the bridge is used for boat storage by the adjacent outdoor adventure centre at Longridge.
Ponte Velha is a bridge in Portugal.
The bridge is signed as part of State Route 154.
The aqueduct was engineered by Charles Roberts and John Nightingale.
It serves as a road and rail link, as well as water piping into Singapore.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in November 2012.
The current concession holder and maintainer of the bridge is PLUS Expressways.
The east side of the bridge carries two lanes of automobile traffic, one in each direction.
It has since been renamed to "Riverfront Drive" to account for the new commercial complex.
Construction began in 2008 and was expected to be completed in 2010 but faced delays due to technical and financial difficulties.
The water surrounding Camano Island is too shallow for ferry service, which made this bridge a critical link for island residents and visitors.
In the summer of 2013 the bridge was closed for five days as its steel cables were replaced.
The Georgia Viaduct is a twinned bridge that acts as a flyover-like overpass in Vancouver, British Columbia.
In 2002, that bridge was demolished and replaced by the current five-lane bridge that was completed in 2004.
The Lover's Leap Bridge is a wrought-iron lenticular truss bridge over the Housatonic River located in Lovers Leap State Park in New Milford, Connecticut.
The bridge's western end is in Foster City, a suburb on the eastern edge of San Mateo.
It is part of the Norwegian County Road 848 that crosses the Mjøsundet strait between the mainland of Norway and the island of Andørja.
The Cross-Harbor Rail Tunnel project has been proposed as a direct route between Long Island and the US mainland, cutting across New York Harbor.
The deck is made from oak planks.
The Congress Street Bridge was a movable deck-girder Scherzer rolling-lift bridge in Bridgeport, Connecticut, United States.
The Diamond Run Viaduct is a steel girder bridge that carries the Pennsylvania Turnpike across the Schuylkill River.
At the time it was built, the highway on the bridge was signed as U.S. Route 99 and the rail line was owned by Southern Pacific.
The span was originally opened in 1912 as part of the last major railroad constructed in Pennsylvania.
It connects Heritage Square with Putrajaya Convention Centre.
On the Tauranga side, Te Awanui Drive connects to Takitimu Drive, which crosses the Chapel Street Viaduct before running along the edge of the Waikareao Estuary.
It was constructed over the Jamuna River, one of the three major rivers of Bangladesh, and fifth largest in the world in discharge volume.
The bridge carries state highway Route 10 and was built in 1969.
The offer was rejected, so Governor Long constructed two free bridges to the east along U.S. Route 90 across Chef Menteur Pass and the Rigolets Pass.
Erected in 1897, it replaced a temporary structure by the same name dating from 1890, a year after the park opened.
It is a gravity-anchored suspension bridge with steel towers and inclined hangers.
The lattice trusses consist of planks crisscrossing at 45- to 60-degree angles and are fastened with wooden pegs, or trunnels, at each intersection.
The Fitzgerald Bridge is an historic structure located in Pune, India.
It is a grade I listed structure.
The causeway has one toll plaza on Biscayne Island, the westernmost Venetian Island.
It also won the 1979 Steel Award.
The Bellevue Bridge is a continuous truss bridge over the Missouri River connecting Mills County, Iowa and Sarpy County, Nebraska at Bellevue, Nebraska.
Governor and local resident Franklin D. Roosevelt and his wife Eleanor attended the opening ceremony on August 25, 1930.
Average daily traffic counts for this section of I-81 are nearly 32,000 vehicles in each direction.
After years of infighting between the cities of Boston and Cambridge, the bridge was built jointly by the two cities between 1887 and 1891.
The main span of 1,200 feet is the third longest span of any continuous truss in the world.
It replaced, an 1883 truss bridge that stood just upstream, which replaced several previous wooden structures; the modern bridge was constructed in 1987.
The bridge reopened to traffic on June 30, 2014, retaining much of its original structure, but with new draw-span leaves.
The Saugatuck River Bridge is a bridge in Connecticut carrying Route 136 over the Saugatuck River in Westport.
That work included the addition of 'safety railings'.
It is built of stone, and consists of one large arch.
The bridge links downtown Harrisburg, City Island, and the western suburbs of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
If April 1st happens to fall on a weekend day, then the bridge will be placed into storage on the Monday following the weekend.
It was built in October 1920, and is located directly southwest of the Merchandise Mart.
The project encountered fierce opposition outside Alaska as a symbol of pork barrel spending and is labeled as one of the more prominent "bridges to nowhere".
The lower structure has an open caisson well foundation.
Between 2008 and 2010 there was a major project to replace the viaduct with a new bridge.
It was repainted in 1994 to its current turquoise blue color.
Built in 1911, it is one of two Howe truss bridges across the Connecticut River.
Rexleigh Bridge is a wooden covered bridge over the Batten Kill in Washington County, New York.
The truss portion of the bridge is continuous across two 725 ft spans.
Riddled with numerous potholes, some exposing the rebar below.
It formerly carried the A1 Great North Road but now carries the A661 Boston Road leading to Boston Spa and the south.
It is also now listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance as it is a pioneering reinforced concrete structure.
Ponte de Dorna is a bridge in Portugal.
The bridge was built in 1941 and is the 3rd bridge to occupy the current spot.
Completed in 1861, Hawthorn Railway Bridge was designed by Francis Bell.
The bridge is sometimes covered in floodwaters, most recently during the March 2010 Queensland floods and again during the January 2011 floods.
Any visitor to Sukkur-Rohri Pakistan is usually awe struck by the largest man made monuments in the area.
It is one of two railway crossings within the city, the other being the Stadtlauer Eastern Railway Bridge.
Today, the bridge is under the protection of the Republic of Serbia, it was declared a Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1990.
After many years of partial repairs, the bridge was dismantled and rebuilt during 2006-2007, to restore the entire structure.
Due to its unique construction, the bridge was designated a heritage site under the Ontario Heritage Act.
The bridge had a stated construction cost of $14 million, and was opened as a toll bridge in 1961, replacing the previous ferry.
The bridge is slated to be part of Interstate 11 once the highway is completed in this area, replacing US 93.
Work on the current bridge began in November 1968.
The bridge was featured in the film Forrest Gump as a stand-in for a bridge across the Mississippi River.
It is on the Thy railway line between Struer and Thisted.
The Ford plant, along with Lock and Dam Number 1, was expected to make the Highland Park area of St. Paul extremely desirable.
The Garden Bridge project was a proposal for a pedestrian bridge over the River Thames in London, England.
The bridge was opened in January 1975, replacing an older span upstream that once carried the Lincoln Highway, U.S. Route 30.)
The crossing, a wooden covered bridge, was erected here in 1839.
For other structures of the same name see Millennium Bridge
Since 2007 it has only carried foot traffic, and now hosts social and cultural events.
Bajer Bridge is located between the Vrata and Oštrovica interchanges of the A6 motorway in Gorski Kotar, Croatia, spanning Lake Bajer.
The bridge is 27.9 metres wide overall.
The bridge is also used as part of the detour route for traffic moving east to Lawrence Avenue East or west to Lawrence Avenue West.
The bridge dates from 1915–1919 and is by John Arthur Saner.
The Northgate is in Chester, Cheshire, England, where it carries the city walls footpath over Northgate Street.
The bridge shortened the highway travel distance between Ningbo and Shanghai from 400 km to 180 km and reduced travel time from 4 to 2 hours.
The Carrollton–Prestonville Bridge is a continuous truss bridge that carries U.S. Route 42 and Kentucky Route 36 across the Kentucky River between Carrollton and Prestonville, Kentucky.
In 2011, the bridge was closed due to its deteriorating condition.
It was designed by Alfred P. Boller and built in 1910 to replace and double the capacity of another earlier swing bridge dating from 1884.
Whitten Bridge, and almost 400 metres long.
It was the first to ford this river that obstructed passage between Malabar and the southern states of Kochi/Travancore.
Local commuter trains stop at the old lower level of the station.
Like every other Neva bridge, it is drawn by night, making foot travel between various parts of the city virtually impossible.
During construction, the bridge was referred to as the Homer Skyway, taking its name from the lift bridge that the new skyway was to replace.
The Mathews Bridge is a cantilever bridge in Jacksonville, Florida, which spans the St. Johns River.
The bridge was funded through a $1.03 million federal grant, part of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal program, and public fundraising efforts.
It is 3,586 meters long and 28.5 meters wide, has six lanes and a capacity of 50,000 vehicles a day.
The cable stayed portion spans 383 metres over the north east channel.
It has been restored many times, the last in 1997 at a cost of $195,000.
In addition, Amtrak's Crescent passenger train crosses the bridge once daily in each direction.
curve at long Rajahmundry end to make up for the built up area.
The inside of the bridge is not painted.
The road from the bridge leads to the Putrajaya International Convention Centre at the end.
John W. Weeks was a longtime U.S. Representative, and later Senator, from Massachusetts, as well as Secretary of War in the Harding and Coolidge administrations.
It is a footbridge that connects the quai de New York to the quai Branly, close to the Eiffel Tower.
Made of cast iron, the bridge was cast at Coalbrookdale in Shropshire, England.
The Agen Aqueduct Pont-canal d'Agen) is an aqueduct which carries the canal de Garonne across the Garonne.
The bridge is a key part of the road between Yass and Wee Jasper, and from there, to Tumut.
The bridge replaced an earlier medieval structure, Salford Old Bridge, which dated from the 14th century.
The Metro Bridge is part of the Brovarsky prospect spanning across the Dnipro River in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.
It was designed by the architect Roman Koucký.
At this point the river is commonly called the Isis.
The railway terminus was not built, and problems with drainage on the approach road made access to the bridge difficult for vehicles.
Much of the estuary is mudflats at low tide, but at high tide these can be covered by as much as 14 metres of water.
This bridge is a designated hazardous materials truck route, as HAZMATs are prohibited in the two tunnels.
A 2004 Border Transportation Partnership study showed that 150,000 jobs in the region and US$13 billion in annual production depend on the Detroit–Windsor international border crossing.
The name "Short Line" comes from the Milwaukee Road's construction of a shorter, more direct connection between St. Paul and Minneapolis.
Hannington Bridge is a road bridge across the River Thames in England.
It was built in 1911 as a road bridge, but now serves pedestrian traffic.
On March 25, 2014, a man jumped off the bridge following a police chase in connection with a shooting the previous night.
Fulham Railway Bridge can also be crossed on foot, on the downstream side.
The Yaquina Bay Bridge is one of eleven major bridges on the Oregon Coast Highway designed by McCullough.
It was built in 1905, by the Kansas City Southern Railway, and was closed in 1983.
In 1992, Union Pacific removed the bridge from service, and donated it and a 73-mile right-of-way to the State of Arkansas.
Only the Keokuk side of the highway bridge has been converted, the bridge's upper highway deck is abandoned.
The Walt Whitman Bridge is a green-colored single-level suspension bridge spanning the Delaware River from Philadelphia to Gloucester City, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.
The Wanxian Bridge is longest existing concrete arch bridge in the world and displaced the Croatian Krk Bridge.
It is named for its proximity to Ross Island.
The Fire Island Inlet Bridge is located south of the State Boat Channel Bridge, a 665-foot long bascule bridge modeled after Brooklyn's Mill Basin Drawbridge.
U.S. Route 169, which the bridge carries across the river, never enters North Kansas City, Missouri, but skirts the western border.
The bridge is 98 metres long, about 20 metres longer than the Toppilansalmi strait is on the site.
A trust was set up to reopen the bridge, with a community fundraising scheme.
Those tolls were removed in 1945 to much fanfare - including celebrations from the local Rotary and Lions club, and a parade in downtown Maysville.
The Sultan Yusuf Bridge is the main bridge in Hilir Perak District, Perak, Malaysia.
During relatively high winds of 70 miles per hour or above, due to bad weather, bridges to the Cape are sometimes closed for safety.
The project was successfully completed in 2015.
The total cost of the structure was $7 million.
The bridge is operated by the Orleans Levee District.
The bridge which opened in 2009, connects Leeville to Port Fourchon, with a planned future expansion northward to Golden Meadow.
The bridge is 138 metres tall, and connects Marginal Pinheiros to Jornalista Roberto Marinho Avenue in the south area of the city.
This bridge was opened for service in 1873.
When it opened, there was only one bridge with a larger span, the Akashi-Kaikyo Bridge in Japan.
At Barnum Island, the main road continues northeast as Austin Boulevard, while Long Beach Road branches to the north.
Completed in 1988, it has a main span of 560 meters and connects Hakatajima with Ōshima.
The original bridge was one of the first 15 bridges across the Mississippi River.
Currently repairs are being undertaken to extend the life and safety of the bridge; groundbreaking for a new bridge was expected in 2010.
The bridge is named for Fred Schwengel, a former U.S. Representative from Davenport, Iowa and one of the driving forces behind the Interstate Highway Act.
A new Chain of Rocks Bridge carries vehicular traffic to the north.
Related construction work finished in June 2013.
The bridge is tolled and was opened on 23 December 2008.
However, in 1989, the Pennsylvania Depart of Transportation made the decision to replace the bridge superstructure.
The US 29/US 70 bridge built in 1951 closed April 17, 2012, with the new bridge scheduled to open by fall 2013.
The bridge was the first in the United States to use a 'cable-stayed' design and is constructed almost entirely of prestressed concrete.
It was inaugurated on January 31, 2008 with an investment of 26 million euros, being the most expensive work of the entire motorway A-67.
Kyrkbron was designed because it was predicted there would be a drastic increase in car traffic in Umea, however this proved to be very optimistic.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Replacement restrooms were built in the nearby park.
The Seri Wawasan Bridge is one of the main bridges in the planned city Putrajaya, the new Malaysian federal territory and administrative centre.
Construction of the bridge began in the early 1960s and was completed on October 1971.
The northern end of the bridge lies in the Oxfordshire civil parish of Mapledurham, on land leased from the Mapledurham Estate.
It was later was completed and commissioned by Governor Ezenwo Wike on 1 September 2015.
The Yokohama Bay Bridge is an 860 metres cable stayed bridge in Yokohama, Japan.
The English traveler Peter Mundy crossed the bridge on 14 May 1620, by when the neighbouring town was already known as "Mustapha Pasha Cupreesee":
The lower southbound deck was opened on October 4, 1966, and the upper northbound deck on October 18, 1966.
The two nearest bridges are between fifteen and twenty-five miles away.
The Valsøy Bridge is the longest of three spans that crosses parts of the Valsøyfjorden in the municipality of Halsa in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The Kanchanaphisek Bridge is a cable stayed bridge crossing the Chao Phraya river in Samut Prakan Province, Thailand.
The Bob Kerrey Pedestrian Bridge is a 3,000-foot footbridge across the Missouri River between Council Bluffs, Iowa, and Omaha, Nebraska.
The rail crossing of the Connecticut River at this location originates from the Vermont and Massachusetts Railroad.
The Skybridge was a component of the Riverfront/Downtown Davenport improvement program, River Renaissance.
This allowed traffic to and from New Jersey to bypass the congested local streets of Upper Manhattan.
It was renamed for civil rights activist Whitney Young in early 1974.
Since 1997, the bridge has sat on the riverbank, overgrown with brush.
It is widely considered the longest double-deck swing-span bridge in the world.
In 2009, a wider bridge with improved aesthetics was constructed.
The North Beacon Street carried by this bridge is not the same street as the well-known Beacon Street in Boston.
The bridge serves both communities, with two major state legislative highways, Pennsylvania Traffic Route 434 and New York State Touring Route 55.
The Giurgeni–Vadu Oii Bridge is a bridge in Romania, over the Danube river, between Giurgeni commune and Vadu Oii village on the DN2A national road.
In 1986, the original bridge was replaced by a modern girder bridge.
It carries State Highway 90 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.</ref name=nris>
Seismically retrofitted in 2000, the Beebe Bridge was considered to be in very good condition following its last structural safety inspection in 2007.
This place is also known to have many hornet nest.
Three months later, construction of the new drawbridge began.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building, and is a scheduled monument.
The list includes current road and rail crossings, as well as ferries carrying a state highway across the river.
The North Queen Anne Drive Bridge is a deck arch bridge that spans Seattle's Wolf Creek.
In February 2006, the Israelis renamed their border terminal to Yitzhak Rabin Terminal, after the late Prime Minister.
Another nearby lift bridge is the Prescott BNSF lift bridge, in Prescott, Wisconsin that crosses the St. Croix River.
Originally known simply as the Edmonton Bridge, the bridge became known as the Low Level Bridge some time after the completion of the High Level Bridge.
A section of the bridge swings on a pivot point, opening up two 150-foot- wide lanes for river traffic to pass through, similar to a gate.
A World War II fighter pilot in the Pacific Theater, Barber shot down the plane carrying Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto in 1943.
It is the southernmost crossing of the Connecticut River in the Hartford Area and carries an average of 50,800 vehicles per day.
The 1.7 km single plane cable stayed bridge connects Pulau Juling near Johor Bahru in the west to Tanjung Penyabong in the east.
It is a fan cable arrangement, with a curved deck.
It was inaugurated in October 1985 by Julius Nyerere, the country's first president.
The bridge is now in use only by railroads.
It was built in 1930 and has been closed since March 2009.
US 41's northbound lanes are carried over the river on the adjacent Barron Collier Bridge.
In early 2007, traffic was again diverted to the Willis Bridge in order to renovate and paint the bridge.
The highway was named for Clyde Moultrie Dangerfield, a Charleston area business man who served in the South Carolina House of Representatives.
Since completion in 1974 it has remained the longest bridge in the country.
Construction was completed in 1919, but the delays surrounding the construction went to the Connecticut Supreme Court in case of Edward DeV.
The Ponte di San Francesco is a medieval segmental arch bridge over the Aniene in Subiaco, Lazio, Italy.
The Champ Clark Bridge is a five-span truss bridge over the Mississippi River connecting Louisiana, Missouri with the state of Illinois.
Construction of the bridge was one of several simultaneous, interconnected major projects that occurred in Saskatoon during the mid-to-late 1960s.
Constantius Bridge is a modern concrete bridge across the River Tyne about 1 mile west of Hexham, Northumberland, England.
It is just south of the Kansas City Southern Bridge, and north of the I-670 Viaduct over the Kansas River.
The span over the river is 3,463 feet, with the ramps on either side of the river accounting for the rest of the length.
It rarely opens and requires 24-hour notice to NJDOT for opening.
The bridge carries over 22,500 people per day.
The bridge was thoroughly restored and reinforced in 2008.
The bridge is also called the Moray Channel Bridge has a swing section is 58 metres long.
The Fred Hartman Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge in the U.S. state of Texas, spanning the Houston Ship Channel.
Vehicular speed limits on the span are 35 miles per hour eastbound and 25 miles per hour westbound.
This bridge has a wood deck, and ornate cast iron end pieces, lacework, and compression members.
The only cable-stayed bridge in the country, it crosses the Wadi Abdoun.
The Thebes Bridge is a truss bridge carrying the Union Pacific Railroad across the Mississippi River between Illmo, Missouri and Thebes, Illinois.
The bridge replaced the prior MV Merv Hardie ferry, the ferry in operation at the time of opening, and ice bridge combination used for river crossing.
It was built by farmer and developer John S. Collins with financial assistance from automotive parts and racing pioneer Carl G. Fisher.
Three people in two different vehicles fell with the span; they were rescued by boat and did not sustain serious injury.
The bridge, which connects Fremont Avenue North and 4th Avenue North, connects the neighborhoods of Fremont and Queen Anne.
It has remained intact and in use since then, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
It is also New Zealand's only remaining operational swing bridge.
The bridge is so-named because its placement situates it roughly halfway between the Cape Coral Bridge to the south, and the Caloosahatchee Bridge to the north.
The Måløy Bridge was the longest bridge in Norway at the time of its opening.
Following a 1988 redevelopment, it was converted to pedestrian traffic, with a row of modern shops built along its length.
It was raised as part of building the road from London to Holyhead.
The bridge was originally built by the Schuylkill Bridge Company of Phoenixville, Pennsylvania in 1899, using the stone abutments from an earlier bridge.
From 1997 until December 3, 2009, 29 people committed suicide by jumping from the bridge.
Excluding the two branches at the north end, the bridge is 2,396 feet long.
Hereford Road Skew Bridge is a disused railway bridge in Ledbury, Herefordshire.
The Wye Bridge in Monmouth is a bridge across the River Wye.
In 1980, woodworm threatened the safety of the bridge, which needed major repairs to avoid closure.
Near the bridges is the Sungai Perak rest and service area.
The Sortland Bridge was opened in 1975.
The Cala Galdana Bridge is a steel arch bridge over Algendar Creek on the island of Minorca, Spain.
The new navigational clearance was achieved June 30th, 2017 and project completion is expected in mid-2019.
It was constructed between 1971 and 1974, and entered service on 10 September 1974.
Construction began on foundations for a single, four-track vertical-lift span before changing to the two parallel two-track spans that were completed in 1915.
It carries State Highway M-25 over the Saginaw River.
The temporary bridge was finally opened on Nov. 9, 2013, and the 1912 span is likely now closed permanently.
The bridge also provides safe passage for hikers, bikers, and pedestrians using the Appalachian Trail and BicyclePA Route J.
Several measures aimed at stopping the motion were ineffective, and the bridge's main span finally collapsed under 40-mile-per-hour wind conditions the morning of November 7, 1940.
Qinglong Railway Bridge is the world's longest span concrete arch bridge located in Qinglong County, Guizhou.
The two bridges were constructed at approximately the same time.
It is built on the site of one of the oldest river crossings in Australia.
The viaduct and its approach embankments traverse a 1,500 metres long valley.
Built circa 1850, the 63-foot bridge is a rare construction of Multiple King-post truss with Town Lattice over a single span.
It carries the Inner Ring Road from the Yangpu District in Puxi to the Pudong New Area.
Deck width is 16.3 feet and navigational clearance beneath is 47 feet.
The 1913 bridge was a contributing structure to the Harmar Historic District.
The truss bridge was built in 1956 but closed and replaced in September 2012 with a box girder bridge.
Before the 1679 earthquake there was a bridge in the same place but it was ruined by the earthquake.
Pennsylvania had the first covered bridge in the United States and the most such bridges in the 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries.
Several smaller concrete bridges traverse over the East Don River northwards towards city limits at Steeles Avenue.
Completed in 1922, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The cable-stayed section consists of a single 99-meter tall H-pylon which has a length of 368 meters and a main span of 172 meters.
The bridge is located at mile 162.3 of the Illinois River.
The towers on the west bank were converted into a museum and the towers on the east bank are a performing art space.
The Blossomland Bridge is a bascule bridge in St. Joseph, Michigan, that carries M-63 across the St. Joseph River.
It is meant to mark the doorway into The Campus and achieves a double function: communication and public space.
The railroad tracks have since been removed, but the bridge still stands.
The first was the original span of the Goodland Bridge built in 1938.
It has existed in three forms, with only the main spans across the river itself being common to all three.
White Bridge or Bridge of love, is a bridge in Vranje, over the Vranje river, in southeastern Serbia.
The Pensacola Bay Bridge, also known locally as the Three-Mile Bridge, runs between downtown Pensacola, Florida, and Gulf Breeze, Florida.
The mainly timber bridge has a unique curved and sloped design, due to the difficult topography and the route of the former railway.
The section in Washington, D.C. is also the shortest segment of Interstate Highway between state lines.
The Jamestown Bridge was closed to vehicular traffic on October 8, 1992, and its main span was destroyed through a controlled demolition on April 18, 2006.
The peak ADT over the Broadway Bridge was 42,555 vehicles in 1990.
The Glen Loy Aqueduct carries the Caledonian Canal over the River Loy, near Muirshearlich, between Banavie and Gairlochy.
It was soon expanded and converted to use as a road bridge.
The Comstock Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the Trout River in Montgomery, Vermont on Comstock Bridge Road.
It crosses a small stream, the Ruisseau de Maury.
Two of the original 14 arches remain on the south side of the river, and one arch remains on the north side of the Mohawk River.
It provides access from downtown Kansas City to the Charles B. Wheeler Downtown Airport and to the city of Riverside, Missouri.
It originally flanked another Roman bridge, the Pons Postumius; both structures provided the city with access to the Roman theatre on the east bank.
The flyover was opened to traffic on August 1965 and is part of the Kuala Lumpur Inner Ring Road system.
The current structure was constructed from 1920 to 1924 by replacing the trusses with concrete arches one track at a time.
Through the decades, the Beesley's Point Bridge Company became unable to fund repairs on the aging bridge.
The restoration took nearly a year to complete, being finished in December.
The bridge is named after Christopher "Kit" Bond, former Missouri United States Senator, and was officially dedicated October 12, 2007.
The others are the Bayonne Bridge, which connects Staten Island with Bayonne, and the Goethals Bridge, which connects the island with Elizabeth.
There is evidence that the river was forded here before a bridge was built.
Even with the switchable lane, traffic is frequently very slow.
In Ayguesvives France, it carries the canal over the small stream, Ru Amadou.
The current bridge was opened in 1857 with an unknown engineer designing the structure.
The bridge is near Hite Marina on Lake Powell, and a small airstrip is immediately adjacent to the north side of the bridge.
The main bridge consists of two separate parts No.
The bridge's length is 334 meters, the width is 23 meters.
Its name commemorates the victory of the British, the Dutch and the Prussians at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 for its state-level significance in engineering.
Ponte do Arquinho is a bridge in Portugal.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 as structure #94000433.
The Mystic River Bascule Bridge is a bascule bridge spanning the Mystic River in Mystic, Connecticut in the United States.
It was named in honour of Louis Riel.
Fuling Arch Bridge is a concrete arch bridge in Fuling, Chongqing, China.
The bridge is one of the last suspension bridges on the Ohio River.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
It is common for individuals to attempt suicide by jumping off the Harbor Bridge.
The original light-blue cantilever Ironton-Russell Bridge, opened in 1922 and closed in 2016, carried two lanes of traffic and a narrow sidewalk.
The Dubuque–Wisconsin Bridge is a steel tied arch bridge connecting Dubuque, Iowa, with still largely rural Grant County, Wisconsin.
The station is two miles to the west of the bridge.
Located entirely within the Melbourne city limits, the causeway consists of a main bridge crossing over the Intracoastal Waterway and a relief bridge.
The bridge is operated and maintained by the New Jersey Department of Transportation.
The Cape Coral Bridge is a bridge located in Southwest Florida.
The 16th Street Bridge was constructed in 1922 with a length of 1,900 feet and a width of 40 feet.
The bridge is the easternmost drawbridge on the Amtrak-owned Northeast Corridor in Connecticut.
Its origins are unusual and its technology innovative.
It is located about 5 kilometres north of the village of Herøyholmen.
On the other peak is the viewpoint of the Glacier 3000 company.
The intention was that the bridge would be dismantled and stored for most of the year, being re-erected for future festivals.
The Market Street Bridge carries Market Street, the primary east-west street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, across the Schuylkill River.
Its clearance is 350 feet wide and 20 feet high, and it can bear ten tons of load.
The bridge was reopened on October 30, 2007.
It was built in 1960 by the Minnesota Highway Department.
Since 1998, rules regulating drawbridge operations require a four-hour notice for them to be opened, which occurs infrequently.
It was opened at a cost of $1.5 million on June 17, 1926 in a ceremony attended by 2,000.
The east tower rests on the Wheeling shore, while the west tower is on Wheeling Island.
The original bridges were approximately the same design and age as the I-35W Mississippi River bridge which collapsed in 2007.
The Ohiopyle Highway Bridge is a structure that carries two lanes of Pennsylvania Route 381 Youghiogheny River in Ohiopyle, Pennsylvania
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
It was built by a team of around 350 men, working in extreme desert heat.
It spans the Caloosahatchee River connecting Fort Myers and Cape Coral.
It connects Buffalo, New York, in the United States to Fort Erie, Ontario, in Canada.
The bridge was destroyed in 1945 by retreating German troops.
The Jamestown Bridge,, was a cantilever truss bridge that connected Conanicut Island to mainland North Kingstown, Rhode Island, spanning the West passage of Narragansett Bay.
The bridge has a main span of 1,377 metres and a height of 206 metres.
At this point on the Shannon it is wide and shallow with many wooded islands which provide varied views and support for the piers.
The first bridge at the site, constructed about 1800, played a role in the War of 1812.
The nine bridge pillars date from the 2nd century AD.
Built in 1936, the structure is both listed in the National Register of Historic Places and is a designated city landmark.
There is a pedestrian sidewalk on the south side of the New Jersey-bound section of the bridge, separated from motor vehicles with a concrete divider.
Atatürk Bridge, alternatively known as the Unkapanı Bridge, is a highway bridge on the Golden Horn in Istanbul, Turkey.
It was built in 1934 by the Arkansas State Highway Commission and was designed by the Vincennes Bridge Company.
In the decade through 2014, nearly 80 individuals have attempted suicide by jumping off the new Victory Bridge, resulting in 22 deaths.
Kentucky 2155 now terminates at the intersection of J.R. Miller Blvd.
Anqing Yangtze River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge spanning 1,040 metres over the Yangtze River at Anqing, Anhui Province in eastern China.
Dronning Louises Bro is a bridge across The Lakes in central Copenhagen, Denmark.
The bridge was completed in 1928 and was part of State Highway 25.
The bridge was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
The bridge designed by Ramboll, was partly inspired by tailor’s shears and has an iconic needle-shaped mast, to echo the heritage of the nearby Silk Mill.
The Railway viaduct in Gorzów Wielkopolski is a historic viaduct carrying the railway line No.
In 1968, the Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad untook a major construction project in conjunction with the B&O Railroad to clear tracks from downtown McKeesport.
Like the village, the bridge stands partly in Yanwath and Eamont Bridge parish and partly in Penrith.
Chollerford Bridge is a stone bridge that replaced an earlier medieval bridge crossing the River North Tyne at Chollerford, Northumberland, England.
Views upriver include Chester Castle and Handbridge, the impressive mansions of Curzon Park and the adjacent Roodee.
The Loren Bridge is a unique bridge that crosses the Loren River, and is located in Chukotsky District, Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.
The floating bridge was replaced as it outlived its usefulness and was incapable of supporting the traffic levels.
To avoid paying compensation to the canal owners, it was necessary to take the railway under the waterway without closing the canal.
After all the approaches and other construction were completed, the new University Heights Bridge opened to traffic on January 8, 1908.
The Fort Madison Toll Bridge is a tolled, swinging truss bridge over the Mississippi River that connects Fort Madison, Iowa and unincorporated Niota, Illinois.
It was sold to the Territory of New Mexico in 1912 and at that time the toll-bridge was made a free bridge to travelers.
The Rama III Bridge, also known as the New Krungthep Bridge, is a bridge crossing the Chao Phraya River in Bangkok, Thailand.
The Edirne–Izmir state road    still passes over the Uzunköprü Bridge.
The Monmouth Viaduct or Chippenham Meadow Viaduct is a 20-arch 183m red sandstone viaduct, with two 23m steel lattice-girder spans over the river.
A luxury spa hotel is currently being built in the area.
The six-lane segment on A-40 eastbound continues until after the Quebec Autoroute 640 junction.
A Skycoaster attraction was added in 2003 with riders being swung out over the edge of the gorge.
Connections to the rail network to the north are made using the National Docks line through Jersey City and the Long Dock Tunnel to Croxton Yard.
In January 1939 the Courier Mail reported the landing of a 4 ft 6in bluenose shark on a rod and reel at the popular bathing spot.
The causeway is part of U.S. 192, whose eastern terminus is located approximately 2 miles east of the bridge, at SR A1A.
The bridge is called the Serreria Bridge by its designer, Santiago Calatrava.
Blakeborough's Bridge crosses the River Calder in Brighouse, West Yorkshire, England.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The bridge was built between Al Garhoud and Al Maktoum Bridges mainly to reduce traffic in Al Maktoum Bridge.
The location was used for the groundbreaking ceremony for the canal.
It was the first heavy bridge designed and built using Chinese expertise.
Until then, Amtrak trains traveling between New York and Albany had utilized Grand Central Terminal.
The bridge was demolished in 2001 as part of the redevelopment of the stockyards.
However, the open sides of the bridge are a deliberate design feature to reduce the likelihood of snow drifts building on the carriageways.
The River Cart Aqueduct, sometimes known as the Blackhall Bridge, is a railway bridge and former navigable aqueduct in Paisley, Renfrewshire, Scotland.
The Macdonald-Cartier Bridge is a bridge connecting Ottawa, Ontario, to Gatineau, Quebec.
It connects Market Street and William Street on the north bank to Queensbridge Street to the south.
It is located at river mile 6.9.
The current span uses a steel I-beam construction supported by two bridge piers.
The Steam-ship "Amur" was dispatched for the task on June, 12th 2008.
In 1986 the bridge was unofficially dedicated to James Rolph.
The panoramic view of Saint Isaac's Cathedral that opens from the bridge makes it a popular subject of artists paintings.
Lake Monroe Bridge was a two-lane steel bridge constructed over the St. Johns River at the west outlet of Lake Monroe between 1933 and 1994.
It is located in Cobb County, in the eastern part of Austell.
Puente de la Mujer, is a rotating footbridge for Dock 3 of the Puerto Madero commercial district of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Each arch was supported by temporary cable stays anchored from the top of the piers and the valley sides until it was fully built.
The bridge was designed as a double-decker bridge, but the upper deck was never built for lack of funds.
The through truss bridge was originally a swing bridge built in 1900 for trolleys.
The M Harvey Taylor Bridge is a steel girder bridge that spans the Susquehanna River in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
This bridge is in regular use today.
The Virginia War Memorial is located adjacent to its northern end.
The Elizabeth bridge carries the A332 Windsor By-pass across the River Thames, on the reach between Romney Lock and Boveney Lock.
The bridge was closed during part of 2007-2008 in order to complete repairs to the deck.
The bridge also includes a pedestrian underpass.
The John Paul II Bridge is a tied-arch bridge over the Vistula River in Puławy, Poland.
Baker convinced the Holt Manufacturing Co. to move to Peoria in 1909.
The Reynolds Bridge in Thomaston, Connecticut is an open-spandrel concrete arch bridge carrying Waterbury Road over the Naugatuck River.
The Zrinski Bridge or Zrínyi Bridge connects the Croatian A4 and the Hungarian M7 motorways, spanning the Mura River.
The bridge crosses the Marøysundet strait and the island of Buskholmen.
The bridge was closed for emergency repairs from January 30 to May 20, 1977, and also from January 11 to March 2, 1979.
Constructed between 2004 and 2007 for a total cost of around €31.5 million, the Autobahn bridge is constructed of pre-stressed steel-concrete box girder sections.
The McKinley Bridge is a steel truss bridge across the Mississippi River.
The new bridge has an underpass clearance of 17 feet 3 inches, which exceeds the minimum standard for interstate bridges in the United States.
The bridge was formally opened on November 12, 1850.
The bridge was registered on the former Register of the National Estate in 1988.
It carried the New York and Boston Air Line Railroad over the river to Portland, Connecticut.
During reconstruction the deck was widened from 24 m to 37 m.
The New Wear Crossing is a crossing over the River Wear in Sunderland, North East England, currently under construction.
It carries traffic on a toll regulated section of Interstate 78 along the New Jersey Turnpike to interchanges 14 through 14A.
Slauerhoffbrug is named after J.J. Slauerhoff, the famous Leeuwarder, Dutch poet.
The bridge carries four lanes of the G3 Beijing–Taipei Expressway.
The bridge carries the A69 road over the River Tyne and forms part of the Hexham bypass.
The bridge structure, except for the deck, is original and in excellent condition.
In February 1998, the Durham Students' Union president, Tom Joyce, fell through the bridge, but caught himself and was uninjured.
Having a town truss design, the Scarborough Bridge is considered a historical landmark for the community.
The bridge also goes by the name Hungry Hollow Bridge.
The bridge now has more traffic than any other highway bridge in Denmark.
It is the northernmost bridge in the city.
It was refurbished by the Seljuks and Arabs in the late 12th or early 13th century.
To the east is the Ponte alla Carraia.
The innovative design and leading-edge construction methods used during the bridge construction were recognised with the Australian Construction Achievement Award in 2002.
It also has a screw-jack lifting system to allow the bridge to be lifted during floods.
By 1978, the railroad line over the span was closed, and an additional set of lanes was opened for vehicles in the inner roadway.
It is the last crossing of the Schuylkill River, which empties into the Delaware River less than half a mile downstream.
The lift span is manned and required to open on demand; it does so several times per day for commercial boats.
The Second Thai–Lao Friendship Bridge over the Mekong connects Mukdahan Province in Thailand with Savannakhet in Laos.
It is situated in Prachinburi Province and Sa Kaeo Province on the Eastern Line Railway.
The bridge required investment of ¥1.3174 billion.
In 1982, the State of Maryland purchased the bridge as part of the railroad line.
It has been scheduled as an ancient monument and is a Grade II listed building.
The Bridge at Nimreh is a Roman bridge in the vicinity of Shahba, Syria, dating to the 3rd or 4th century AD.
The Mill Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the North Branch Lamoille River on Back Road in Belvidere, Vermont.
Old Man's Bridge is a wooden footbridge across the River Thames in Oxfordshire, England.
The two parallel crossings for northbound and southbound lanes are respectively 5,159 feet and 5,185 feet in length.
The PRR also used the Lehigh Valley Railroad Bridge to reach its car float operations at Greenville Yard on the Upper New York Bay.
Sea Island Connector is a low-level three-lane one-way bridge in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.
Kuokkala Bridge is a bridge in Jyväskylä, Finland over the lake Jyväsjärvi.
It closed early in 2015 after being sold to a property developer.
At 18 feet, it has been called the shortest covered bridge in the United States.
Built to accommodate O Street traversing over the Union Pacific tracks, the overpass was constructed in 1885 by interests associated with the Omaha Stockyards.
It carried both eastbound and westbound traffic across the Allegheny River until the project was finished one year later.
It carries West Virginia Route 7 over the river between Hannibal, Ohio and New Martinsville, West Virginia.
Sandnessund Bridge was officially opened by Crown Prince Harald on 26 June 1974, although it had already opened for traffic on 21 December 1973.
The bridge has space reserved on the median for two light railroad tracks.
It may have once carried the now-decommissioned New York State Route 9X.
The Overseas Highway is a 113-mile highway carrying U.S. Route 1 through the Florida Keys.
The bridge was built in 1976, and work to rebuild it started 2003, and finished by 2005.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
It is 256 metres long and 22 metres wide.
It was nominated as a rare example of a wrought iron truss bridge with ornamental detailing.
The history of the bridge was memorialised in a book The Centenary Of Mcfarlane Bridge Maclean 1906-2006 published by the Maclean District Historical Society.
The Tähtiniemi Bridge is a cable-stayed harpform bridge in Heinola, Finland.
It was designed by Stanisław Kierbedź, a Polish engineer working in Russia.
Detours of at least 97 kilometres were required and the additional distance by road was 160 kilometres.
Today, there are 60 spans on a length of 721 m between the abutments.
The bridge was built in 1981 and destroyed during NATO bombardment on April 3, 1999.
North Bridge, Halifax is a Victorian iron and stone bridge at Halifax, West Yorkshire, in northern England.
It is located between Tendong in Pasir Mas and Kampung Cabang Tiga Pendek in Kota Bharu.
The bridge is located at SJ 583 767, between the Dutton Locks and Dutton Viaduct.
The Avon Viaduct carries the railway over the River Avon at Linlithgow, West Lothian, Scotland.
Victoria Bridge in Bath, England, was built in 1836 across the River Avon.
The Conestoga Creek Viaduct spans the Conestoga River east of Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
The bridge's west abutment is in Virginia, a small portion is in Washington, D.C., and the remaining majority of it is within Maryland.
In August 2011 the bridge was once again closed for repairs.
It was opened on 30 June 2009 as a replacement for the previous bridge that collapsed two years earlier during severe weather.
Tolls were charged until 1940, earning more than $4 million for the City of Jacksonville.
There is also a pedestrian walkway on either side of the bridge, which allows people to access Bray Village from the Dorney side of the Thames.
Bahnhofbrücke is a road and tramway bridge over the Limmat in the city of Zürich in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
Completed in 1912, the Overseas Railroad was heavily damaged and partially destroyed in the Labor Day Hurricane of 1935.
This provides increased clearance for shipping to accommodate New Panamax ships.
During World War II 15% of America's steel making capacity crossed over the Hot Metal Bridge, up to 180 tons per hour.
A second bridge was constructed in 1873, and replaced in 1907.
Construction of a dam on the river, downstream of the bridge has created a reservoir which extends under the bridge.
It stopped carrying passengers in 1955 but remained open to goods until the 1960s.
The bridge carried US 611 for four miles in New Jersey to a connection with Route 94.
The structure has a single arch vault.
The bridge was opened for traffic on October 11, 2014.
At the opposite end of the aqueduct a wharf was constructed serving the Conkwell stone quarries.
The West Gate Bridge is a steel box girder cable-stayed bridge in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The bridge is often simply known as "The Clutha Bridge", despite the fact that there are numerous bridges across the country's second longest river.
The East Fairfield Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that carries Bridge Street across Black Creek in the East Fairfield village of Fairfield, Vermont.
It is accessible via Swann Bridge Road from both sides.
The Grand Narrows Bridge is a Canadian railway bridge crossing between Victoria County, Nova Scotia, and Cape Breton County.
The Kanuni Sultan Suleiman bridge is an arch bridge located in Büyükçekmece, 36 kilometers from the centre of Istanbul, on the European side of the Bosphorus.
It was funded and built by a Japanese government donation and its image now appears on the new 500 riel note.
It is the third crossing of I-95 south of Georgia.
The south end of the road bridge is directly above the south end of the railroad bridge.
Bidford Bridge crosses the Avon at Bidford-on-Avon, Warwickshire, England.
The Fairfax Bridge is one of two three-hinged lattice arches remaining within the State.
The Blue Water Bridge connects Highway 402 in Ontario with both Interstate 69 and Interstate 94 in Michigan.
Eventually, the decision was made to demolish the old bridge and replace it with the current modern structure.
The Springfield Terminal railroad bridge in Deerfield, Massachusetts, is a three-span deck-truss bridge which crosses the Connecticut River.
The bridge was opened on May 3, 1970, at a cost of $15.9 million.
Pont Saint-Michel is a bridge linking the Place Saint-Michel on the left bank of the river Seine to the Île de la Cité.
The Royal Albert Bridge was designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel.
Both bridges carry four lanes of Quebec Autoroute 20, which becomes Harwood Boulevard on the Dorion side.
Dundas Street , is a major historic arterial road in Ontario, Canada.
and filled with sandstone rubble from Wetheral and Corby Beck Quarries.
Built in 1998, the bridge connects Devesa Park with Saint Feliu Square.
Corroded anchor bolts holding the bridge to its foundations failed, contributing to the collapse.
Warden Bridge is a road bridge across the River South Tyne near Warden.
The bridge was expected to be closed for several weeks with over 60-mile-long detours as an alternative.
The roadway is 84 feet wide, resting on a box girder 24.6 feet wide and 16 feet deep, and is divided into four traffic lanes.
In 2005, a duplicate of the old bridge began its work, and the new bridge parallel to the old one was opened in May 2008.
It is currently the longest prestressed concrete bridge in the southern hemisphere, and the sixth longest in the world.
It is located in Braga District, crossing the Cávado River.
It is the world's longest cable-stayed bridge to have one pylon and one cable-stayed plane.
It is oriented East-West and connects Lake Street in Minneapolis to Marshall Avenue in St. Paul.
Tennessee Department of Transportation officials say the bridge is costly to maintain, citing as an example the repainting cost of $1 million.
The eastern end of the bridge starts in Precinct 16 and the western end starts near Wisma Putra on Core Island.
The WR Draw was known as Bridge 7.57.
The approaching roadways on both sides are known as "Landing Lane."
The shorter name Vedabron refers to the village Veda, which lies 1 km west of the south abutment of the bridge.
The bridge runs nearly 8 kilometres from the Swedish coast to the artificial island Peberholm in the middle of the strait.
It was one of four bridges that were built in the 1970s to connect the islands of Vesterålen to each other.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
It is expected to carry State Highway 99, the Grand Parkway when it is completed around Houston.
The Bomarsund Bridge connects Bomarsund with the Prästö island in the Sund municipality of the Åland islands.
It is the southernmost toll-free road crossing of the Hudson.
The deck is made from oak planks.
The Jay Street Bridge crosses the West Branch Susquehanna River between Lock Haven on the south bank and Lockport on the north.
Stillwater Bridge is a truss bridge in the Capital District of New York in the United States.
The Clay Street Bridge was built to replace an 1889 wrought iron structure.
Due to its type of construction, the Old Union Crossing Covered Bridge is currently classified as a non-authentic covered bridge.
It connects First Avenue in Manhattan with Willis Avenue in the Bronx.
At this location the motorway route follows a horizontal curve of 900 metres radius.
Demolition was completed in June 2008 with demolition of the last pier.
The main span is 219 meters and the total length of each bridge is 460 meters.
It was renamed to its current name from the "Yalu River Bridge" in 1990.
It was among the area's best-known 19th century structures.
By AH 548 the bridge was nearly finished.
No one was injured and both bridges were closed after collapse.
The original bridge was closed in 2009 due to structural deficiency.
The bridge is a cycling hot spot and, with 6,850 riders per day, may carry more bikes than any other route in Minneapolis.
There is also a park on the Kentucky side of the bridge, which is open for fishing and recreation.
The two-lane 45-foot-tall structure carries the southbound lanes of U.S. Route 41.
This was resolved by building the Olympic Bridge in 1988.
The bridge goes across the Wu River, and has a total history of more than 600 years.
Abdullah Bridge is a concrete bridge located in the Srinagar city of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
Besides the bridge, NY 29 is also named the General Philip Schuyler Memorial Highway, west of Schuylerville.
Completed in 1997, it was the first bridge over the Yangtze in the Fuling district.
It is several kilometers upriver from the city of New Orleans.
The arched superstructure carried across the important road between Pasargadae and the Sassanid capital Ctesiphon.
The Ada Covered Bridge is a 125-foot span Brown truss covered bridge erected in 1867 in Ada, Michigan, United States.
The Tyne Bridge in Newcastle, England, and the Sydney Harbour Bridge in Australia derived their own designs from the Hell Gate Bridge.
The Oyapock River Bridge spans the Oyapock River, linking the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
This rail bridge on the Bhagirathi river will reduce travel time between South Bengal and North Bengal.
The river itself has populations of Watermilfoil and the hybrid between Monkeyflower and Blood-drop-emlets.
It is located in Ivanovo Oblast, near Kineshma and Zavolzhsk.
were filmed in Goose Hollow and included views of the Vista Bridge and the Goose Hollow/SW Jefferson St.
It was a rare example of a bridge of this type built after World War I.
On the Ontario side, it is a continuation of Island Park Drive and is also connected to the Sir John A. Macdonald Parkway.
Located at MP 0.2 near the mouth on the Raritan Bay, the bascule bridge lies just upstream of the New Jersey Route 35 crossing.
It was the largest bridge of its kind in the Northwest when it first opened.
It replaced the functionality of the still standing Gustav Eiffel wrought iron Maria Pia Bridge in 1991.
The project was resisted both by local environmental groups and the Norwegian Public Roads Administration, the latter because the new plans would delay completion.
It crosses near the mouth of the Chicago River.
The rail-cum-road bridge provides easy roadway and railway link between northern and southern parts of Bihar.
The Dalles Bridge is a bridge on U.S. Route 197 that spans the Columbia River in the United States between The Dalles, Oregon and Dallesport, Washington.
The bridge provides a direct route along Washington State Route 305 between Seattle, via the Seattle-Bainbridge Island ferry, and the Kitsap Peninsula.
The Narrowsburg–Darbytown Bridge is an arch under bridge spanning the Delaware River between Darbytown, Pennsylvania and Narrowsburg, New York.
The portion between these was originally built on a trestle, but was filled to form an embankment soon after the bridge opened.
1 is a swing steel through truss that spans the Schuylkill River between Philadelphia, Pennsylvania's Kingsessing and Grays Ferry neighborhoods.
It was reopened after the widening and construction five years later.
Those early bridges replaced ferry services that had to replace them when they collapsed or were washed away during floods.
The Pupin Bridge is a road bridge over the Danube River in Belgrade, Serbia.
In 2006 condition report it was determined that the bridge has reached the end of its effective life and should be replaced with a new bridge.
The bridge was inaugurated 27 August 1997 by the president of Finland Martti Ahtisaari.
Yuzui Yangtze River Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning 616 metres over the Yangtze River near Yuzuizhen, Chongqing, China.
The eastbound span was built in 1985 to connect Minnesota State Highway 252 with Minnesota State Highway 610 in Coon Rapids.
The cantilever span is 1,212 feet providing a maximum clearance of 138 feet over the water.
The bridge is around 26 kilometres from Yass and 22 kilometres from Wee Jasper.
Elgin Bridge is a 3695 ft long important railway bridge across the Ghaghra River located in Barabanki district.
Between April 21, 2008 and November 9, 2008, the bridge was closed as part of a federally funded bridge restoration.
Only a 1.5 metre guard stops pedestrians from plunging over the side.
The project was funded by the Japan International Cooperation Agency.
The bridge continues to carry rail traffic to this day.
The Srijane Vidauct, also known as Radovići Viaduct, is located between the Bisko and Blato na Cetini interchanges of the A1 motorway in Croatia.
Gunthorpe Bridge is a bridge over the River Trent at Gunthorpe, Nottinghamshire.
In an ever-changing metropolis, the Waibaidu Bridge still remains a popular attraction, and one of the few constants in the city skyline.
It is cable-stayed bridge with the longest span in the Caribbean.
It carries the Canadian Pacific Railway single track of 90 m over the Stoney Creek, between Revelstoke and Golden.
This bridge was built during Sultan Suleiman Han's time by his vezir Mustapha Pacha en 1529.
The aqueduct, the first and only swing aqueduct in the world, is a Grade II* listed building, and considered a major feat of Victorian civil engineering.
In 1973 the Greater London Council added two concrete piers, which transformed the central span into a simple beam bridge.
The bridge carries Church Street, the main north-south street of Parramatta's central business district.
Estakáda Považská Bystrica is an extradosed bridge leading across the narrowest part of Považská Bystrica in Slovakia.
As automobiles became more popular, there were resentments about the tolls.
The bridge is about 73 km from Lucknow and stands at periodically changing confluence of two rivers i.e.
The Palk Strait bridge is a proposed 23-kilometre bridge over the Palk Strait, between Dhanushkodi in mainland India, and Talaimannar in Sri Lanka.
Currently, the route serves local traffic and is meant to tie together the interconnected towns on each bank.
The viaduct is tolled within the A6 motorway ticket system and there are no separate toll plazas associated with use of the viaduct.
It cost approximately $55,000 and was built by W.H.
Almarhum Sultan Yahya Petra ibni Almarhum Sultan Ibrahim.
It was built exclusively for vehicular traffic and was opened in 1972.
Burghardt wrote in his journal, "In the morning, each gang was lifted to its scaffold on a platform hung from the high line.
The later addition of queen trusses and supports gives the bridge an unusual appearance.
The Åkviksundet Bridge is a box girder bridge that crosses the Åkviksundet strait between the islands of Dønna and Staulen in Nordland county, Norway.
Built in 1802-1810, the structure is near Carcassonne.
The bridge was named for Don N. Holt who served in the South Carolina House of Representatives and was in the insurance business.
6 is a steel vertical-lift bridge consisting of two parallel spans, carrying two tracks each, across the Calumet River in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
During Roman times the bridge was a part of the road Via Salaria, which led from Rome to the Adriatic coast.
In 1976, the Erie-Lackawanna was taken over by Conrail which continued to run Boonton Line trains over the bridge.
Built as part of the St. Charles Air Line Railroad by the American Bridge Company in 1919, the bridge originally had a span of 260 feet.
They supported three spans 34 feet in length for a total span of 110 feet.
The Malagonlong Bridge is a five-span 445 ft long stone arch bridge built during the Spanish colonial period in Tayabas, Quezon, Philippines.
The Clay Street Bridge is a bridge on the Passaic River between Newark and East Newark, New Jersey.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 30, 1988.
The other three spans are considered approach spans, which are supported by plate girders.
Ferry services between Stralsund and Altefähr and between Stahlbrode and Glewitz are also available to cross the Strelasund sound.
At its completion, it was the longest and tallest railroad viaduct in the world; today, it is the last surviving viaduct of its kind.
A precision miniature model of the bridge, which describes its structure, was exhibited at the Exposition Internationale des Arts et Techniques dans la Vie Moderne.
The Koilwar Bridge, now named Abdul Bari Bridge, at Koilwar spans the River Sone.
The aqueduct formerly carried an estimated 40,000 m3 of water a day to the fountains, baths and homes of the citizens of Nîmes.
The bridge was redesigned as a two tower cable-stayed bridge, was reduced from three lanes to two and does not have a dedicated pedestrian walkway.
The Hutchins Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the South Branch of the Trout River in Montgomery, Vermont on Hutchins Bridge Road.
The connections on the northern end lead into the cities of New Westminster, Richmond, and Burnaby, and on into Vancouver itself.
The structure currently serves the Pittsburgh-to-Cumberland, Maryland CSX Keystone Subdivision.
The express tracks and the local tracks diverge at 65th Street in Jackson Heights and merge again at 36th Street in Sunnyside.
It is named for the "Apollo" oil refinery which was situated on the left river bank in this area before World War II.
Her car went over built-up snow along the guard rail, which launched the vehicle up and over the side of the bridge.
This bridge is an important link between existing downtown of Ho Chi Minh City with Thu Thiem New Urban Area.
Between the James River and Bon Air, Gregory controlled large land areas along the proposed rail line which he hoped to develop.
A wired fence blocks the east side and another wall on the west side.
Fifteen workers died, two other workers were permanently disabled, and 77 were severely afflicted.
This bridge is Minnesota's second-busiest, carrying 150,000 cars per day.
It also crosses the Union Pacific Railroad tracks at the north side, and the BNSF Railway at the south.
The Xupu Bridge, is a cable-stayed bridge over the Huangpu River in Shanghai, China, so named because it connects the city's Xuhui and Pudong districts.
Bulstake Bridge is a road bridge across the Bulstake Stream, a branch of the River Thames in Oxford, England.
The Centennial Bridge, or Rock Island Centennial Bridge, connects Rock Island, Illinois and Davenport, Iowa.
As with the older bridge there were bridge towers, but they were larger and stronger.
The bridge is designed to carry two lanes of traffic.
The bridge is scheduled to be replaced by a new bridge due to structural damage and age.
The 248-foot-long structure was designed by architect Fred T. Fowler.
It is one of six surviving 19th-century bridges built in Montgomery by the brothers Sheldon & Savannah Jewett.
The Portage Canal Swing Bridge was damaged when a ship, the Northern Wave, collided with it in 1905.
In the 1990s the remaining single line was removed after the viaduct was deemed to be too weak to carry rail traffic.
The bridge spans the Forth between the villages of South Queensferry and North Queensferry and has a total length of 8,094 feet.
The bridge is operated by the Vancouver International Airport.
It is an automobile bridge that traverses the Mississippi River.
It was a multiple span, Pratt truss bridge built by the Groton Bridge Company and measured 695 feet, 6 inches, in length.
Many commemorative plates decorate the viaduct bridge, including several dedicated to soldiers fallen in Belgium during the Second World War.
Completed in 1899 by John Monash and J. T. N. Anderson, it is notable as the first bridge in Victoria that was built using reinforced concrete.
The staging of this construction project was notable for keeping four lanes of traffic open during the process.
Its length is 2,906 feet, and it is unusually wide at 110 feet.
The Hardanger Bridge is a suspension bridge across the Eidfjorden branch of Hardangerfjorden in Hordaland county, Norway.
The bridge complex was designed by chief engineer Othmar H. Ammann and architect Aymar Embury II, and has been called the "biggest traffic machine ever built".
Its name commemorates the date of 'The Crossing', which commenced the outbreak day of the Yom Kippur War in 1973.
As of 2016, the expected schedule was for engineering phase to begin in 2017 and revenue service to start in 2024.
It was called the October Bridge until 1992.
With both the P&LE and B&O having ceased operations, the structure currently serves the Pittsburgh-to-Cumberland, Maryland CSX Keystone Subdivision.
The Franjo Tuđman Bridge is a 294-meter-long bridge over Drava River located in Osijek, Croatia.
Since Hurricane Katrina destroyed the roadways leading up to it, the bridge now normally stays in the up position, being lowered as needed for rail traffic.
However, trains regularly cross the river carrying paper products and demolition debris.
It has been designated as a National Civil Engineering Landmark.
Built in 1962, it is one of the few structures that survived the 2004 tornado.
The bridge is part of Bradfield Highway and connects Fortitude Valley to Kangaroo Point.
The Newport Transporter Bridge is a transporter bridge that crosses the River Usk in Newport, South East Wales.
Tadcaster Bridge or Wharfe Bridge spans the River Wharfe in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, England.
It provides important road connection to Mongla port of Khulna District in the south from Rajshahi division and Rangpur division, the northern part of Bangladesh.
Total length of the bridge is 6,424 feet.
Her goal was to warn the passenger train that the next bridge was out.
Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad, which later became Conrail and CSX, paid $39,000 for the portion over its tracks.
They are named after Glenn C. Lee, publisher of the Tri-City Herald, and Sam Volpentest, a prominent local businessman.
The Rochester-Beaver Railroad Bridge spans the Beaver River between the boroughs of Rochester, Pennsylvania and Bridgewater, Pennsylvania.
Twenty-eight stay cables with individually galvanised, waxed and sheathed strands varying in size from 6-43 to 6-85 and in length from 40m to 126m.
The bridge is named for Alex Fraser, a former British Columbia Minister of Transportation.
Saint Alkmund's Way Footbridge is a replacement cycle and footbridge in Derby, England over the A601.
The bridge crosses the Muskingum, just above its confluence with the Ohio River.
The bridge overlooks the Deviot Sailing Club and is named after John Batman, Launceston businessman and co-founder of Melbourne.
The viaduct was not completely reopened to daytime traffic until February 2005, and subsequently remained partially closed at night for further remedial work to take place.
In 1959, an identical twin span was added to satisfy increased traffic.
The plans were drafted by James A. McElroy, using Joseph B. Strauss's design in 1916.
The deck is made from oak planks.
The Dan Patch Line Bridge is a railroad swing bridge that carries the Canadian Pacific Railway's MN&S Subdivision across the Minnesota River.
The 10.90-metre-wide bridge comprises a 6-metre-wide bi-directional carriageway, two 1.35-metre-wide pedestrian pavements and two 1.10-metre-wide cycle paths.
The roadway sits on an orthotropic deck.
The Malaysia–Singapore Second Link is a bridge connecting Singapore and Johor, Malaysia.
It was opened for public use and the next day it started functioning under a toll regime.
The total length is 935 feet, with a five percent slope on its inclined surfaces that makes it barrier free and accessible.
The construction manager was Louisiana TIMED Managers, a joint venture of GEC, Inc., PB Americas, Inc., and LPA Group Incorporated.
The Westgate Pedestrian and Cycle Bridge is a motorway overbridge crossing the Northwestern Motorway near Westgate in Auckland, New Zealand.
Most of the money was put up by Judge Joseph Lewis, a Virginian who moved to Bidwell's Bar in 1849.
As of April 2015, the bridge remains standing, but is scheduled to be demolished.
The upper level of the bridge forms part of the Boulevard.
It crosses the Thames just upstream of Marlow Lock, on the reach to Temple Lock.
The bridge connects downtown Topeka to North Topeka.
It is named after Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah, a prominent politician from Kashmir.
During its island days several Missouri politicians fought duels there.
For a time in the early 1900s, Hampton Bridge earned the title of longest bridge in the United States.
The bridge was officially opened by the late Almarhum Sultan Idris Shah I of Perak and the British's Federated Malay States Residents-General Sir Frank Swettenham.
It is located adjacent to the former Expo 2010 site and served as the centrepiece of the world exposition in Shanghai.
It is a cable-stayed bridge, 479 m long, with two lanes for vehicles, a pavement and a cycle path each way.
It is the single largest structure on the M90, a title it will hold until the completion of the second Forth Road Bridge in 2016.
The new bridge was recognized by the American Institute of Steel Construction as the most beautiful bridge of 1950 for spans over 400 feet in length.
The Qi'ao Bridge is a cable stayed bridge located in Zhuhai, Guangdong Province, China.
It is part of a private facility with an admission fee, and draws over 800,000 visitors a year.
Heavy congestion on the bridge led to the construction of the nearby Rama III Bridge.
It is part of Lofast, the new road E10 connecting the Lofoten islands to the mainland, which was opened in December 2007.
The 12 Mile Road–Kalamazoo River Bridge, also known as State Reward Bridge No.
The Pons Cestius is the first bridge that reached the right bank of Tiber from the Tiber Island.
The opening had been delayed due to delays in completion of the bridge with the original iron trusses having been lost at sea.
The bridge is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
This is the third bridge to be built on this site across the Congaree River.
Corridor D is a part of the Appalachian Development Highway System.
The bridge remains in use today exclusively to serve Vesuvius Industries in Welland.
The bridge was built for the Hannibal & St. Joseph Railroad by Keystone Bridge Company.
The routes experience frequent overcrowding during weekdays, and the Queens Boulevard line has among the highest rush-hour train frequencies in the system.
The timber deck has a single layer of longitudinal planking on timber cross beams, which are bolted to the flanges of the truss top chords.
Moselle Viaduct is also the name of the 1974 bridge where Bundesautobahn 1 between Wittlich and Trier crosses the river Moselle near Schweich.
It links the Phase 1 area, of Lekki with Ikoyi district of Lagos.
The 1955 bridge replaced an even earlier bridge known as the Verendrye Bridge after the first European explorer to visit present day North Dakota.
It is located at the northern end of the Gaza Strip, on the border with Israel.
The Roman Bridge at Saint-Thibéry was a Roman segmental arch bridge on the Via Domitia in southern France.
The court ruled in favor of Tompkins and awarded damages equal to the contract.
It comprises four arches, spanning the river and a smaller, later arch spanning the north bank.
The Hartford Bridge, or Blue Bridge, is a single-span road bridge crossing the River Weaver at Hartford, Cheshire in England.
Smaller flood arches on the bank bridge the towpath.
He survived the fall but was critically injured.
The viaduct is 1,065 metres long and is mounted on 11 Y-shaped columns, the highest reaching 87.5 m.
The bridge was designed by Thomas Telford and completed in 1826 and is a Grade I listed building.
It crosses the Thames on the reach between Iffley Lock and Osney Lock.
The reservoir's capacity is 184,405 acre feet, but only 30,606 acre feet may be used for irrigation.
The bridge's deck is made from oak planks.
It is also known as the Pemickey Bridge, for the Pittsburgh, McKeesport and Youghiogheny Railroad which used to run over the bridge.
The Willis bridge, however, was built one block from the existing Ben Williamson Memorial Bridge and generally carries only Ohio-bound traffic.
The Charles N. Vilas Bridge between Bellows Falls, Vermont and North Walpole, New Hampshire, is a 635-foot two-span concrete deck arch bridge over the Connecticut River.
1873 by the Hartford, Providence and Fishkill Railroad.
Tolmé's bridge was narrow and too weak to carry buses, and in 1926 a Royal Commission recommended its replacement.
Davidson County decided to consider taking ownership and responsibility for maintenance, with the state giving the county the $2.5 million estimated cost of demolition.
The landmark structure has a total length of 3.502 miles.
Memorial Bridge spans the St. Johns River and connects Palatka to East Palatka, Florida.
Busts of Captain George Vancouver and Sir Harry Burrard-Neale in ship prows jut from the bridge’s superstructure.
The bridge is also known as the Wuli Bridge because its length is about 5 li, where a li is about 500 meters or 0.3 miles.
The bridge was closed indefinitely as a precaution and demolished in October 2008.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in November 2012.
It was completed on May 5, 1998.
It is one of five crossings on the creek and was the first bridge in Dubai.
The Westville reservoir is located within the Quinebaug River Watershed and is part of the Thames River Basin.
The James C. Nance Memorial Bridge is a deck truss bridge crossing the Canadian River between Purcell and Lexington, Oklahoma.
The bridge was also seen in the 2015 movie San Andreas starring Dwayne Johnson and Alexandra Daddario.
Each bridge carries one direction of Interstate 190 and New York State Route 324.
Completed in 1991, it has a main span of 400 meters.
The LaBranche Wetlands Bridge is a concrete trestle bridge in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
These plates had to be applied for and were also sold to the general public.
The bridge, located about 6 miles north of downtown Rochester, is named for Civil War Colonel Patrick O'Rorke, who grew up in Rochester.
Government forced relocations resulted in the Río Negro massacres which claimed up to 5,000 lives between 1980 and 1982.
The steel bridge is 8.5 metres wide and about 250.5 metres long.
It is served by the Metro station Saint-Michel.
The bridge is also known as the 25th Street Bridge and is a major commuter route between the two halves of Saskatoon.
The Kvalsund Bridge is the 56th longest suspension bridge in the world, and also the northernmost suspension bridge in the world.
The designer of the bridge, John Alexander Low Waddell, based the Snowden Bridge on the South Halsted Street Bridge in Chicago.
The bridge comprises four 10-foot-wide lanes, extending 2,169 feet and standing 35 feet above mean high water with a 209-foot main lift span.
Thus it is also referred to as the New Macau-Taipa Bridge.
The River Camac emerges from a tunnel further downstream towards Dublin Heuston railway station.
The upper parts are of white stone from a quarry at Chapel Milton.
The central span is 40 yards long, and the clearance is 75 feet.
The bridge is one of the most significant structures on the motorway.
The Humber Bridge, near Kingston upon Hull, England, is a 2,220-metre single-span suspension bridge, which opened to traffic on 24 June 1981.
Ferries provide connections between the states at other points along the lake.
It carries the Cherwell Valley Line between Didcot and Oxford across the river on the reach between Iffley Lock and Osney Lock.
The Church Street Bridge is an historic road arch bridge over the Yarra River and the Monash Freeway in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The bridge was registered on the Register of the National Estate in 1978.
The two other spans, the Memorial Bridge and the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge, are both lift bridges, built to accommodate ship traffic along the Piscataqua.
The first bridges were a pair of deck trusses, each carrying two lanes of traffic.
It attracted increasing attention starting in the 18th century, and became an important tourist destination.
The purpose of the bridge is to enable pilgrims to throw stones at the three jamrah pillars either from the ground level or from the bridge.
It is located 2.3 km upstream of Gerukamukh village in Dhemaji District and Lower Subansiri District on the border of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh states.
The bridge is also officially known as the Arch A. Moore Bridge, named after the former West Virginia governor Arch A. Moore, Jr..
Bronze plaques on the bridge refer to the Raven and Eagle clans of the Tlingit people.
The Darlington's Bridge at Delaware Station was a highway bridge over the Delaware River in the community of Delaware, New Jersey.
The bridge starts from Ijora on the mainland and ends at the Apongbon area of Lagos Island.
The Aigiōhashi Bridge was featured in Eiji Okuda's film A Long Walk, which was at the Montreal World Film Festival.
The turnpike route creates the border between Bayonne and Jersey City and then runs northward along Port Jersey, Liberty State Park, and Downtown Jersey City.
The Nærøysund Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the Nærøysundet strait between the islands of Marøya and Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It was built in the period between 1893 and 1897 to a design by Nikolai Belelyubsky.
Each of the three spans is 12 feet.
She then pulled herself onto the ice before being assisted by police and a bystander.
The bridge has a single window on only one side of the bridge.
He tied together the two faces above the central arch by 2-inch bolts through the structure, secured by the plates that can still be seen.
Southbound traffic was shifted onto the new bridge, sharing the northbound span with northbound traffic until the new southbound span was completed in late 2015.
Jawahar Setu is across the Son River, between Dehri-on-Son and Son Nagar, in the Indian state of Bihar.
The bridge was built to provide faster vehicular access between Marina Centre and the financial district of Shenton Way.
The Landwasser Viaduct is a single track six-arched curved limestone railway viaduct.
Leeds Bridge marks the western terminus of the Aire and Calder Navigation which opened in 1700 creating a vital goods transportation infrastructure.
As early as 1957, heavy trucks were found to be too much for the span.
The Maiden Lane Bridge was often referred to as the "South Bridge", while the Livingston Avenue Bridge was referred to as the "North Bridge".
This made the truss statically determinate, so that forces in the structural members could be calculated.
The bridge was named "Passerelle de la Paix" on 22 October 2012 to represent intercultural harmony because the neighbourhood of Saint-Clair has a large immigrant population.
The bridge crosses Skudai River and Danga River.
The groundbreaking ceremony for the project was attended by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on 14 March 2011.
Following the purchase, the bridge's name was changed to the Maestri Bridge, named after Robert Maestri, the mayor of New Orleans.
It is a road bridge, completed in 2004, 900 metres long and with 19 spans.
The long wooden structure included a drawbridge to allow ships to pass.
At some point, US 60 was shifted from the Singing Bridge just downstream to the War Mothers Memorial Bridge.
The bridge was constructed out of pre-stressed concrete.
The Bridge of Don is a five-arch bridge of granite crossing the River Don just above its mouth in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Added in 1980, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as structure number 80003532.
The North Channel Bridge crosses the north channel of the Mississippi River between Latsch Island and Buffalo County, Wisconsin.
It will also result in a minor return of the tides in areas like Tiengemeten and the Biesbosch, both important nature reserves.
At the time of construction, the estimated useful life of the structure was 70 to 80 years.
It is located in the Pine Hill Historic District.
The new road has two lanes in each direction and carries National Road 58.
The Liberty Bridge at Falls Park on the Reedy is a pedestrian bridge in Greenville, South Carolina.
Like the San Mateo Bridge to the north, power lines parallel the bridge.
The bridge has a single span, wooden, double Burr arch trusses design.
As of 2012, the bridge carried a daily average traffic of 56,098 vehicles.
The bridge was originally designed by Hazelet + Erdal, now URS Corporation.
It is 335 metres long, running adjacent to the Royal Albert Bridge, and part of the A38, a main road between the two counties.
It is located less than one block north of the Little Falls Dam and connects the city's "east side" and "west side".
The trough is supported on three of the ribs, with the adjacent towpaths being supported by cast-iron arcades of Gothic-styled arches and columns.
The bridge forms part of a spiral crossing over the expressway 180 metres below.
The bridge was rebuilt in 1992 to increase its capacity.
Service over the bridge was diminished in phases.
When the bridge was first opened, it was a toll bridge, but it is not anymore.
Plans to replace SR-520 include adding a second bascule bridge across the Montlake Cut next to the current Montlake Bridge.
Eldorado Parkway approaching the bridge is not yet widened and under construction.
It was demolished between 1967 and 1970, with few traces remaining.
It connects the Île de la Cité from the Palais de Justice and the Conciergerie, to the Right Bank, at the Place du Châtelet.
It was named in honor of the early bridge proponent and builder of the nearby Maryhill Museum of Art, Sam Hill.
No major renovations have been done to the bridge.
It connects the sector of Condado with the entrance to Old San Juan, crossing over the Condado Lagoon.
The bridge was designed by Howley Harrington Architects, with Price & Myers as consulting engineers.
It ends in North Ocean City at Maryland Route 528 and 62nd Street.
It was initially named the Third Bosphorus Bridge.
There are two road bridges beside this bridge.
The bridge opened to traffic on January 15, 1963, the same day that the Cross-Bronx Expressway was completed.
The Sortland Bridge was a toll bridge for many years after its opening.
The bridge is managed by Roads and Maritime Services and is listed on the NSW State Heritage Register.
The Sunset Lake Floating Bridge is a floating bridge that carries Vermont Route 65 across Sunset Lake in Brookfield, Vermont, United States.
It was designed by Ash-Howard-Needles & Tammen and built by the American Bridge Company, McCarthy Improvement Company, and Priester Construction Company.
It carries a Delmarva Central Railroad rail line across the Chesapeake & Delaware Canal.
It is situated parallel to and south of Hardinge Bridge.
The bridge is one of a concentrated regional collection built by brothers Sheldon & Savannah Jewett.
The Walden Low Bridge is the downstream of the two bridges over the Wallkill River in Walden, New York, United States.
Runde Bridge opened on 3 March 1982.
The bridge is very close to the Bolivian city Bolpebra.
The McFarlane Bridge is a road bridge over the south arm of the Clarence River on the Lawrence Rd at Maclean, New South Wales, Australia.
Médéric Martin Bridge is a viaduct-type bridge in Quebec, Canada that spans Rivière des Prairies between Montreal and Laval.
The bridge is 1,292 metres long with a centre span of 335 metres.
The Luggie Aqueduct carries the Forth & Clyde Canal over the Luggie Water at Kirkintilloch, to the north of Glasgow.
The three major spans are 188 m but sometimes said to be 186 m.
Exit signs on I-10 display both the State Road 281 and TOLL 281 shields.
It connects the city to the lower station of the Johnstown Inclined Plane.
The bridge was named after former United States Congresswoman Julia Butler Hansen, who represented Washington from 1960 to 1974.
Added in 1980, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as structure number 80003527.
It was opened on 3 July 2004.
It weighs 95 tonnes, with a box steel section deck, supported by three cables, keeping the overall structural slender.
and is next to Dundas Wharf where the small tollhouse, warehouse and crane still stand.
The Vimy Memorial Bridge is a bridge in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The bridge is still open to pedestrian and vehicular traffic, with the exception of heavy goods vehicles.
The rainbow arch type, as it was described, was claimed to be the first of its type in Australia.
Downstream from the crossing swimming is not recommended due to the presence of bull sharks and due to poor water quality.
Moltke died just before the bridge's completion and it was inaugurated by his funeral cortege.
The Daning River Bridge is an arch bridge near Wushan, Chongqing, China.
The bridge is appraised as structurally deficient, with a sufficiency rating of 40.2 out of 100 during its 2000 and 2010 inspections.
After a lengthy legal battle, the toll was set at 10 cents per crossing.
The structure consists of one through truss, one deck truss, and an approach trestle.
The bridge was planned during the era of Indonesia's first president, who wanted a bridge that could open and be a match for London's Tower Bridge.
It was used until 1936, when it was damaged by a storm.
The Freeport Rail Bridge is a truss bridge that carries the Norfolk Southern Railway across the Allegheny River between Freeport and Allegheny Township in Pennsylvania.
Currently, there is intense debate among the Portsmouth and Tiverton communities over Rhode Island legislation authorizing tolls on the new box girder bridge.
and it is the longest concrete arch bridge in the UK.
The Hartelkering is a storm surge barrier in Spijkenisse, Netherlands.
It is one of two stone arch bridges in the former village built by local stonemason Matthew G. Thompson.
The Hartland Bridge in Hartland, New Brunswick, is the world's longest covered bridge, at 1,282 feet long.
The Nærøysund Bridge is 701 metres long, the main span is 325 metres, and the maximum clearance to the sea is 41 metres.
Former city Mayor Vladimir Gorodetsky noted that the name "Olovozavodskoy" is two decades old and already outdated.
The Fengdu Yangtze River Bridge is a suspension bridge which crosses the Yangtze River in Fengdu County, Chongqing, China.
The judges said they were impressed by the design allowing the bridge to be turned with only a small amount of energy.
Niantic River Bridge, also known as Amtrak Bascule Bridge No.
The bridge links the border towns of Yarrawonga, Victoria and Mulwala, New South Wales.
Located in Fairmount Park, upstream of the Pennsylvania Railroad Connecting Bridge, it is the third railroad bridge at the site.
During major floods or water releases from the Wivenhoe Dam the road becomes impassable.
Originally silver in color, the bridge was painted maroon in 1984 in celebration of Jacksonville's United States Football League franchise, the Jacksonville Bulls.
The bridge was destroyed by the Confederate States Army in anticipation of the Fall of Richmond.
The Shawneetown Bridge is a cantilever truss bridge carrying Kentucky Route 56 and Illinois Route 13 across the Ohio River.
Kunnskapsparken accommodates the libraries of the Buskerud University College, the public library of Drammen, and the Buskerud Regional Library.
Built at a cost of $320,000, it was at the time of its construction thought to be the most expensive railway bridge in the world.
The Biloxi Bay Bridge is a bridge in the U.S. state of Mississippi which carries U.S. Route 90 over Biloxi Bay between Biloxi and Ocean Springs.
The north end has traffic signals for pedestrians to cross traffic lanes.
The project manager for the project was AECOM.
It will be built approximately 3 miles upstream of the existing U.S. Route 41 bridges.
The bridge has received eleven design awards.
Initially, New Congress Street allowed travel from Castle Square to Dobra Street along the viaduct.
The Great Egg Harbor Bridge is a toll bridge along the Garden State Parkway in New Jersey, with tolls collected in the southbound direction.
The New Ruvu Bridge is a bridge in Tanzania that crosses the Ruvu River.
The Council claimed that the costs of restoration were prohibitive.
It was designated a Chicago Landmark on December 12, 2007.
The cast iron balustrade is of rings and flowers.
The Slade's Ferry Bridge was a steel swing double layered truss bridge that spanned the Taunton River between Somerset, Massachusetts and Fall River, Massachusetts.
The bridge is operated by the NZ Transport Agency.
The original version of this bridge was built around the 1st century BC, after the Pons Fabricius, sited on the other side of island.
Between its opening in 1916 and the opening of the Circle Drive Bridge in 1983, it was the northernmost vehicular river crossing in the city.
Completed in 1985, it has a main span of 876 metres.
The Southern Bridge crosses the Daugava river in Riga, the capital of Latvia.
There are plans to reinstate a toll on the bridge from 2013 to finance other road projects.
Most of the crashes involve rental trucks, even though the truck rental agencies warn renters about the under-height bridges in the area.
Construction on the first half of the new high level fixed bridge across the Raritan River was completed on June 8, 2004.
The Baling River Bridge is a suspension bridge in Guanling County in Guizhou Province of China.
It was built by John Rennie and chief engineer John Thomas, between 1797 and 1801 and completed in 1805.
The current bridge on this site was constructed between 1936 and 1940, and entered service in 1940 with the name Atatürk Bridge.
The bridge carries traffic on the G4W Guangzhou–Macau Expressway.
It is operated by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation and carries U.S. Route 1.
This was an experimental bridge of Turner's design, being a flat slab resting on mushroom-capped columns for support.
As the Chain Bridge is better known because of its structure, it is often incorrectly represented in literature as a single bridge spanning the Merrimack.
The single-deck, double-leaf bascule bridge was designed by Thomas Pihlfeldt and built by the Ketler and Elliot Company.
The bridge carries one-way traffic going west, into Allston.
The Lansdowne Bridge Rohri at Sukkur is a bridge over the Indus River between Sukkur city and Rohri town of Sindh, Pakistan.
They were a transition between stone and metal bridges, with the roof and sides protecting the wooden structure from the weather.
The first bridge at this site was a small swing bridge constructed in 1903, and it was the closest bridge to Fort Myers up until 1924.
Northbound traffic on the bridge heads in their general direction.
The Plymouth Avenue Bridge is a segmental bridge that spans the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
There have been two structures with the name.
Gaunless Bridge was a railway bridge on the Stockton and Darlington Railway.
It is 246.95 metres long and carries the motorway across five spans.
The list includes current road and rail crossings, as well as ferries carrying a state highway across the river.
The bridge replaced a ferry service that had operated near the site since at least the middle of the 16th century.
With the addition of the west bridge the crossing became dual-carriageway as the A614 as part of a 1 1⁄4-mile £3.2 million section,, opening in 1972.
The United States Commission of Fine Arts approved a steel bridge design in December 1955.
Originally owned by Cumberland County, the bridge was transferred to the Maine Department of Transportation in 1959.
The Bridge near Seydikemer was a Roman segmental arch bridge near the ancient city of Xanthos in Lycia, in modern-day southwestern Turkey.
Toll collection ceased on April 1, 2013.
The bridge opened in 1963 and is named for California Assemblyman Vincent Thomas of San Pedro, who championed its construction.
The McCallum Lock Gates comprise a bridge over a set of lock gates connecting East Beira Lake and the Colombo Harbour.
The bridge is also among the top fifty highest bridges in the world.
It is located between the cities of Daraa in Syria and Ar Ramtha in Jordan.
In 2007 concerns were raised about the bridge's ability to sustain foot traffic.
The largest span of the original eastern section was a cantilever bridge.
Completed in 1958, it is the third bridge at approximately the same site to carry that name.
Canadian Pacific Camden Place Rail Bridge is a truss bridge that spans the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The 575 m bridge is located at Federal route .
Today, her large bronze statue sits by the bridge's Buda side connection in the middle of a small garden.
Trams on route 55 also cross the bridge.
All six lanes opened in 1987 after traffic demand justified the need.
The old bridge carried only two lanes.
The 12th Street Bridge is an automobile crossing of the Kansas River in Kansas City, Kansas.
Despite numerous signs and warning devices, a truck crashes into the bridge on average at least once a month.
However, there is only one lane and the posted speed limit is 5 MPH.
The lower span was raised 4 feet in 1930, concurrent with the construction of the Safe Harbor Dam.
It was constructed beginning in 1927, was replaced by the Clark Bridge and was demolished in 1994.
The bridge was built to complement the Center Street Bridge, which switched from two-way traffic to eastbound-only, later expanding to four lanes in 1982.
Residents in Ikeja, Agboyi-Ketu, Ikorodu, Isheri, Oworonshoki, Gbagada, Yaba, Maryland and Oshodi.
The original two-lane Grand Glaize Bridge was built in 1931 during the construction of Bagnell Dam and the Lake of the Ozarks.
It is immediately to the north of Tarban Creek Bridge and the Gladesville Bridge.
The crane overturned and fell into the partially frozen Housatonic River, killing its operator.
Today it is in the German speaking part of Belgium.
Bewdley Bridge is a three-span masonry arch bridge over the River Severn at Bewdley, Worcestershire.
The allegations are with respect to Kochi based firm Sanathan Infrastructure who was the sub contractor for the work.
The only higher bridge in Idaho is the 476-foot high Perrine Bridge which crosses the Snake River near Twin Falls, Idaho.
The three-section iron bridge spans west-to-east from Franklin Township to Cumberland Township and is the oldest example of a Baltimore truss.
The 1893 bridge was replaced in 2009–2011 by the current structure, which uses a vertical-lift span instead of a swing span.
The original 1917 structure is the northbound bridge.
The continuous crossing of cattle endangered the already weakened bridge.
Mn/DOT traffic counts from 2007 show the bridge carried about 28,400 vehicles per day at that time.
The Xihoumen Bridge is a suspension bridge built on the Zhoushan Archipelago, the largest offshore island group in China.
In 1977, the 1,143 metres long Sheahan Bridge, replaced the Prince Alfred Bridge as the Hume Highway crossing of the Murrumbidgee River.
The old bridge was flooded in every wet season.
The Kota Bridge or Kota Chambal or Kota Cable Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge under load testing in Kota, Rajasthan, India.
It connects Tahrir Square in downtown Cairo to the modern Cairo Opera complex toward the southern end of Gezira Island.
Today it is one of France's most popular tourist attractions, and has attracted the attention of a succession of literary and artistic visitors.
It was inaugurated on 16 March 2013 by President François Hollande and Alain Juppé, mayor of Bordeaux.
The Øresund Bridge was designed by the Danish engineering firm COWI.
This bridge was opened by Sultan of Pahang, Sultan Ahmad Shah on 22 April 2004.
Nivedita Setu is a cable-stayed bridge over Hooghly River in Kolkata, West Bengal.
It no longer carries railroads, but carries electrical wires in a rack.
This is one of four toll-free crossings between Manhattan and Long Island.
Together with the Marøysund Bridge, it connects the islands of Vikna to the mainland.
While there have been no requests since 1978, the Code of Federal Regulations last amended n 1999 requires 24-hour notice to be opened.
The viaduct comprises three sections: starting from the south end, there is a series of seven stone arches, each 50 feet wide.
It opened in April 2012 and carries four lanes of motor vehicle traffic.
The bridge was hurriedly closed, and measures taken to ensure that it would not collapse into the river, affecting barge traffic.
The Bebresh Viaduct is a favoured place for bungee jumping due to its height.
Built in 1916, the 56-foot bridge was a modified Queen-post truss construction over a single span.
The Battleship Parkway is home to Battleship Memorial Park and to many of the Mobile area's more prominent seafood restaurants.
Today, its swing span has been fixed shut, and the electrical catenary de-energized.
It is owned and operated by Texas Mexican Railway and Kansas City Southern de México.
The three bridges have a design similar to that of the former I-35W bridge.
Its central span is 272m and the bridge is 451m in length in total.
The 765-metre-long bridge was opened in 1964.
When the bridge reopened, it had a concrete and asphalt driving surface.
Sudama Setu is a pedestrian suspension bridge in Dwarka, Gujarat, India.
It was constructed between 1825 and 1827 from parts made of 57 tons of wrought iron and 14 tons of steel.
The bridge became a very popular fishing spot for local residents, and was nicknamed "The fishingest bridge in the world".
Completed in 1529, it was built on the order of the Ottoman vizier Çoban Mustafa Pasha.
The CNR Bridge is a steel truss swing span railway bridge over the north arm of the Fraser River in New Westminster British Columbia, Canada.
The sidewalk features four shelters with cast-iron piers, while the bridge itself has a "graceful" profile with "ornate" iron railings and two stone pavilions.
The current bridge is located high above where the former bridges once stood.
The area around the bridge is rich in wildlife, including rattlesnakes.
WNY&P is the fourth owner of the structure.
The Jamsu Bridge crosses the Han River in South Korea and connects the districts of Yongsan-gu and Seocho-gu.
The bridge is known as one of the oldest bridges as well as the longest bridge made during the Spanish era.
The Lyndhurst Draw is a railroad bridge crossing the Passaic River between Clifton and Lyndhurst in northeastern New Jersey.
After funding was approved by the United Kingdom treasury, an iconic design was opted for which was dropped after several contractors withdrew.
The Combs–Hehl Bridge is a twin span single pier cantilever bridge carrying Interstate 275 across the Ohio River.
It crosses the Saint Louis Bay that drains into Lake Superior.
It has become a symbol of the city.
It became a road bridge in 1940 and its swing span was fixed in 1984.
The roadway is also still in use, although with a weight restriction.
It was originally built by the Canadian Pacific Railway over the full width of the river's flood channel and has eight spans.
The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The islands formed by the sprouts are, from north to south–Peebles Island, Polrump Island,  Bock Island, Goat Island, Second Island, Van Schaick Island, Simmons Island.
The bridge was declared a National Historic Landmark on March 11, 2013.
Part of the contract payment was subject to a court case which the contractors lost.
It is one of three bridges connecting Pasco to the other members of the Tri-Cities of Washington, along with the Cable Bridge and the Blue Bridge.
The bridge's design was influenced by the Hell Gate Bridge in New York City.
The original Cameron Street Bridge was built in 1916, but it was destroyed six years later due to an ice jam on the Nechako River.
The name comes from Pennsylvania Railroad subsidiary Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad, also known as the Panhandle Route, which operated over the bridge.
The statue is a 53-foot bronze monument commissioned by the Florida Department of Transportation and created by Cuban Master Sculptor Manuel Carbonell in 1995.
There is a pedestrian crossing on the bridge on the westbound, upstream side.
The bridge's main span of 818 m is one of the longest cable-stayed bridge spans in the world.
The Concordia Bridge carries Avenue Pierre-Dupuy across the St. Lawrence River between Cité du Havre, Montreal, and Parc Jean-Drapeau on Saint Helen's Island.
The bridge was opened to traffic on 26 August 2016.
It was the first bridge to connect the two towns.
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
It spans the river mouths of the Kallang River and Rochor River, which empty into the Kallang Basin.
The bridge carries Red Top Mountain Road, and connects Red Top Mountain State Park to nearby Interstate 75 and U.S. 41.
The bridge will be 40 metres wide.
Its nearest Paris Metro station is Cour Saint-Émilion.
It was decided that even when the bridge was paid for in 1968, the toll fees would continue as a prepayment for the planned Nordhordland Bridge.
The Norfolk Southern James River Bridge is a bridge that carries Norfolk Southern Railway traffic over the James River in downtown Richmond, Virginia.
A wool cloth market operated at Leeds Bridge, becoming the centre of wool trade for the West Riding of Yorkshire in the late 17th century.
The location of the bridge was selected by Nikolai Garin-Mikhailovsky.
The Surtees Bridge and the A1 motorway bridge are the busiest over the River Tees with 55,000 vehicles per day.
Just south of the viaducts are twin tunnels through Red Hill.
The bridge has a main arch of 340 ft and 4 land spans.
The bascule draw span is located immediately east of the main, arched span.
The Bolsøy Bridge is a concrete beam bridge in Molde Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The highest pillar, which sits on the edge of a steep, deep valley is 90 metres high.
The Fred Schwengel Memorial Bridge is a 4-lane steel girder bridge that carries Interstate 80 across the Mississippi River between LeClaire, Iowa and Rapids City, Illinois.
The bridge's structural rating is 96%, even after surviving two major hurricanes.
It replaced an aging swing bridge built in 1877.
It was officially opened on 24 April 2010 at 9 pm; however, only half was opened due to ongoing construction at the Marina Bay Sands.
The bridge carries a full motorway profile, having two traffic lanes, hard shoulder lane and two pedestrian lanes.
The bridge is 1,195 m long and, at the lowest point of the valley, 98 m above the valley floor.
The bridge is shaped in the form of a hyperboloid and links the Marks & Spencer/Selfridges building to the Manchester Arndale.
The A9 route between Umag and Kanfanar, where the Mirna Bridge is located, was upgraded to motorway standards in June 2011.
It was built in 1904, and is a four span, through-truss structure carrying a single railroad track.
After almost 9 years, the bridge was finally finished in the winter of 1921.
The Schenk's Mill Covered Bridge or Shenk's Mill Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that spans the Big Chiques Creek in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
As of June 2012, the bridge is functionally obsolete and rapidly deteriorating.
Its 200-foot white tapered steel mast rises above Denver’s northwestern skyline, connected to the bridge deck and foundation anchors by steel cables.
It is a Grade II listed structure.
The bridge is near the Pony Express stables at its eastern terminus in St. Joseph.
The superstructure is executed in I-section prefabricated reinforced concrete girders, made monolithic with in situ executed transverse beams and the deck slab.
After its completion in November 1912, there were two quasi-identical bridges next to each other, with only the bridge towers differing significantly.
The Chacahoula Swamp Bridge is a twin concrete trestle bridge in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
The six-lane bridge carries Bayview Avenue across the Don Valley, connecting with Lawrence Avenue East at its southern end.
Teesquay Millennium Footbridge is also referred to as the Millennium Bridge.
The Metropolis Bridge is a railroad bridge which spans the Ohio River at Metropolis, Illinois.
The two halves were each built parallel to the river, then rotated through 90° to make the crossing.
The Erskine Bridge is a multi span cable-stayed box girder bridge spanning the River Clyde in west central Scotland.
It is actually two separate bridges, each with their lane with on and exit ramps that extend out over the river on the north side.
The bridge consists of 4 spans and crosses Riopelle, Cunningham and Bate Islands in the Ottawa River.
John Dunn Bridge is located in Arroyo Hondo, New Mexico in north central New Mexico.
The Derby-Shelton Bridge used to carry two street railway tracks until the 1930s.
The Hamilton Fish Newburgh–Beacon Bridge is a cantilever toll bridge that spans the Hudson River in New York State.
The Saint-Laurent Railway Bridge is a Canadian Pacific railway bridge linking LaSalle to the Kahnawake Mohawk Reserve, just upstream of the Mercier Bridge.
Harris with a more pleasing structure for the public.
It is currently the oldest and shortest of three historic covered bridges still existing in Blount County.
It is the longest bridge in the East Anglia region at 1,060 feet, and one of the largest brick-built structures in the country.
On the Seminole side is Sanford and on the Volusia side is DeBary.
Construction of the bridge began in August 1964 and the bridge was opened to traffic on November 19, 1966.
The bridge once was lined with approximately sixty houses, the weight of which caused a collapse in 1499.
The Second Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge is a bridge across the Yangtze River in Wuhan, Hubei province, China.
The bay bridge was built in 1967, has nine spans and handles an average of 67,229 vehicles per day as of 2006.
The bridge carries U.S. Route 27 across the Ohio River, connecting Newport, Kentucky and Cincinnati, Ohio.
It was initially a toll bridge, but the tolls were removed in 1975.
It is located between the 12th Avenue Station and the Fair Complex Station.
The bridge has shortened the distance by 28 kilometres for the residents of Korangi, Landhi and Shah Faisal towns.
The Roaring Creek Covered Bridge was northeast of Annapolis, Indiana.
Adriatic Bridge is a six-lane road and tram bridge over the Sava River in Zagreb, Croatia.
The first bridge at this location was constructed in 1804, but burned by United States armed forces in 1814 during the War of 1812.
John Warwick Smith a British watercolour landscape painter and illustrator produced a fine painting of the bridge and the landscape around.
The bridge is the third road bridge to stand at or close to this spot.
The Brooklyn Bridge is a hybrid cable-stayed/suspension bridge in New York City and is one of the oldest bridges in the United States.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Endau Bridge is a main bridge in Pahang and Johor state, Malaysia.
In all, 148 bearings were replaced, with the repair scheme costing around £52 million.
It is a single-span suspension bridge with a main span of 475 feet.
At 6,072 meters long, it is one of the longest in all of Europe.
With a span of 547 feet, it has the longest span of any steel rib through arch bridges in Massachusetts.
The design received the Sustrans National Cycle Network Award for Excellence in 2005, and was commended in the Civic Trust Awards in 2003.
The second swing bridge then had to be replaced by the current drawbridge, a bascule-type bridge which opened in 1969, after three years of construction.
"What we're doing there is some work to extend the lifespan of the bridge," DOT district spokesman Ian Satter said.
The Staines to Windsor & Eton Line terminates immediately after the bridge at Windsor and Eton Riverside railway station.
The bridge connects 2nd Avenue at the Pittsburgh Technology Center in South Oakland with Hot Metal Street in the South Side.
This bridge has a main span of 750 feet and has a total span of 2100 feet.
The bridge was named for Evergreen Point, the westernmost of the three small Eastside peninsulas that SR 520 crosses.
Sultan Ahmad Shah III Bridge or Chenor Bridge is the main bridge on Pahang River near Temerloh, Pahang, Malaysia.
The Lijiatuo Yangtze River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge over the Yangtze River in Chongqing, China.
Following the collapse, the United States' involvement in World War II delayed plans to replace the bridge.
Using as much of the old bridge design as possible, and after raising $630,000, the bridge was reopened to all traffic in June 2006.
The Beebe Bridge is a two-lane, steel arch bridge crossing the Columbia River at Chelan Falls, Washington.
State Route 664, the southern terminus of which is in Lock Haven, crosses the river over the steel bridge.
The Hill–Talley Bridge is a bridge over the Obion River along the Obion–Lake county line southeast of Tiptonville in the U.S. state of Tennessee.
The bridge was designed and built by the Oregon Department of Transportation at a cost of $14 million.
The Sozh Floating Bridge is a pontoon bridge spanning the Sozh River at Korma, Belarus.
The four 100-foot-high steel pylons carry two three-cable sets, each carrying a section of the bridge deck.
The four-lane bridge links University Avenue in West Philadelphia with South 34th Street in the Grays Ferry section of South Philadelphia.
The Huangpu Bridge carries expressway traffic over two branches of the Pearl River in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.
The bridge has nine spans, and it is part of the European route E6 highway.
The structure is an automobile bridge about three lanes wide, and is designed to accept Jersey barriers for deck service.
The Peter DeFazio Bridge is a bicycle and pedestrian bridge located in Eugene, Oregon, that crosses the Willamette River.
The bridge was seen in a chase sequence in the 1985 James Bond film A View to a Kill.
Completed in 1923 for $2,635,000 USD, it replaced an iron bridge with wooden decking that accidentally caught fire and was destroyed in 1915.
Bitumen-filled expansion joints are provided in concrete slab over each floor beam.
Kuala Berang Bridge or Jambatan Kuala Berang is a bridge in Kuala Berang, Terengganu, Malaysia, which crosses Terengganu River.
The river at Shohola, which means "place of peace," widens perceptibly above the falls, allowing for a natural, shallow crossing.
is the prime contractor for the $130.4 million project.
US Highway 41 and M-26 are both routed across the bridge.
The Lewis and Clark Bridge is a cantilever bridge that spans the Columbia River between Longview, Washington and Rainier, Oregon.
The bridge was also known as the Sauches Covered Bridge at the time of the Battle of Gettysburg.
Starrucca Viaduct is a stone arch bridge that spans Starrucca Creek near Lanesboro, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The Stone Bridge is a bridge across the Vardar River in Skopje, the capital of the Republic of Macedonia.
Following the opening, the old bridge was refurbished, three vehicle lanes at a time.
It crosses over a small valley containing the southern arm of the Red River, and a minor road known as Viaduct Lane.
Shīrbārīk restarted the work under the supervision of Abuʾl-Khair bin al-Ḥakīm al-Fāsūl, who used massive timbers in the construction.
The bridge is widely regarded as the most ornate, extravagant bridge in the city.
The viaduct is 1,440 m in length; it has a main height of around 50 m, being constructed out of reinforced concrete.
When the Parkway completed its own bridge over the bay, each had its own alignment with the Garden State Parkway using the Great Egg Harbor Bridge.
The Daniel Carter Beard Bridge, is a yellow twin span steel tied arch bridge crossing the Ohio River in Cincinnati, Ohio.
It consists of 20 spans, the longest of which is 110 metres.
Al Maktoum Bridge is a bridge that crosses Dubai Creek in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
This 2007 bridge replaced an 1896 one-lane truss bridge, which was designed for non-motorized traffic.
Jiangjiehe Bridge is a concrete arch bridge in Weng'an County, Guizhou, China, spanning 330 metres over the Wu River.
The Long–Allen Bridge was a two-lane swing bridge carrying U.S. Route 84 across the Black River at Jonesville, Louisiana in Concordia Parish.
It was opened for traffic by Sissel Rønbeck, the Norwegian Minister of Transport and Communications.
The bridge carries traffic on China National Highway 106 between Echeng, Ezhou south of the river and Huangzhou, Huanggang to the north.
The Pont Julien is a Roman stone arch bridge over the Calavon river, in the south-east of France, dating from 3 BC.
The town is administratively under the Kuching South City Council.
The US Army Corps of Engineers is undertaking restoration and rehabilitation of the Lower Passaic, including oversight of environmental remediation and reconstruction of bulkheads.
Dedicated to the memory of the late U.S.
This line was formerly part of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.
The viaduct is 60 feet high and 500 yards long.
The 4.7 km long two lane bridge serves as a link between NH 80 and NH 31 running on the opposite sides of the Ganges.
Medley Footbridge is a pedestrian bridge across the River Thames near the village of Binsey in Oxford, England.
The Shakespeare Bridge in the Franklin Hills section of Los Angeles, California, was built in 1926.
The bridge is 2.05 km in length and 50 m in height, weighing 3,200 tons.
Runde Bridge is located about 5 kilometres north of Fosnavåg and about 12 kilometres northwest of Ulsteinvik.
The westbound I-90 to southbound US 14/US 61 interchange has a fly-under ramp allowing continuous movement with no competing traffic.
Other bridges were completed in 1876, 1891, and most recently 1990.
There is a public house near Tadpole Bridge called The Trout.
Upstream roads are not tolled according to Chris.
Opened in 2001, the bridge connects the north and south sides of the Ann and Roy Butler Hike-and-Bike Trail and features an unusual "double curve" design.
Governor's Bridge is an historic single-lane bridge over the Patuxent River near Bowie, Maryland.
The company received the operation and maintenance concession of the bridge for 25 years.
Ralkuli Bridge is a road bridge in eastern Sri Lanka.
The Igor I. Sikorsky Memorial Bridge carries the limited-access Connecticut Route 15 over the Housatonic River, between Stratford and Milford, Connecticut.
It was designed by Whitby Bird and Partners, and built at a cost of £1.8m to commemorate the millennium of 2000.
The spires lie at each end of the bridge.
The survey consists of 81 black-and-white photos and 45 data pages detailing construction and history of the bridge.
Trinity Bridge is a three-way footbridge which crosses the River Irwell and links the two cities of Manchester and Salford in Greater Manchester, England.
The maximum clearance to the sea is 35 metres.
A marker stone was installed to show the area on either side of the bridge which was the responsibility of the local Justices of the Peace.
A toll plaza stood at the eastern end of the Sikorsky Bridge until Connecticut abolished tolls in 1988.
When the 1951 US 29/US 70 bridge is replaced, this bridge will no longer be used for traffic.
The Arc is the first city centre traffic crossing over the river built since the Kingston Bridge was opened to traffic in 1969.
The bridges carries four lanes of the G5011 Wuhu–Hefei Expressway on the upper deck and the dual-track Huainan Railway on the lower deck.
It was built for the 1915 Panama–California Exposition.
James Joyce Bridge is a road bridge spanning the River Liffey in Dublin, Ireland, joining the south quays to Blackhall Place on the north side.
The bridge spans 340 metres over the Wu River very near its confluence with the Yangtze river.
Caine Road Bridge is a covered bridge spanning the west branch of the Ashtabula River in Pierpont Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States.
It carries Amtrak's Northeast Corridor and MARC's Penn Line passenger rail traffic.
The bridge spans 1.34 km between Xuanwei city in Yunnan province and Shuicheng county in Guizhou province.
The slant was more annoying to navigation and passage was reported in 1774 to be very inconvenient and dangerous.
Its name originates from Kazan's thousandth anniversary, widely celebrated in 2005 and the shape of its M-like pylon.
The bridge was designed by and built under the supervision of David Lennox, the first Colonial Superintendent of Bridges using convict labour between 1836 to 1839.
It is the third bridge connecting the two communities, in addition to the Ferry Point International Bridge and the Milltown International Bridge.
The bridge was originally constructed in 1963, and has been expanded several times since then.
Adjoining the bridge is the Swan Inn and slight earthworks of Matilda's Castle.
The total length of the bridge, including approaches, is 2,375 feet.
The Florence Bridge is a bridge that carries Illinois Route 100 and IL 106 across the Illinois River just east of Florence, Illinois, hence the name.
In 1996-99 both the cables and shoulders were successfully replaced.
The Boyne Viaduct, a 30-metre-high railway bridge, or viaduct, that crosses the River Boyne in Drogheda, carrying the main Dublin–Belfast railway line.
The announcement said that even after repayment was complete the toll charges would likely remain at the same levels.
The Bergische Lehnsritter e. V. club now has its headquarters in the towers.
The railway carries the Tung Chung and Airport Express lines of Hong Kong's Mass Transit Railway.
It is one of the busiest single-span bridges in Canada.
Unlike most historic covered bridges in the county, it is not listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The overall project, which included the reconstruction of Via Bella, was completed in summer 2008.
It carries the A1 motorway route south of Skradin, in immediate vicinity of Krka National Park.
The bridge was financed and designed by Taiwan and built primarily by the Taiwanese company MAA, with participation of Costa Rican engineers and workers.
The bridge's design was influenced by Public Works Commissioner R.C.
The bridge is of King post truss with tied arch design, one of only 3 left standing in the state.
The construction, however, was delayed especially on Thai side, since the insurgency around Thai provinces nearby was escalated.
It connects Quebec Route 344 and Ontario Highway 34.
The Tajikistan–Afghanistan Friendship Bridge connects the two banks of Darvaz region across the Panj River separating Tajikistan and Afghanistan, at the town of Qal'ai Khumb.
The swing action allowed boats to pass and berth in the river as far upstream as Carlisle Bridge.
Bueng Boraphet Railway bridge is a one-span railway bridge in Thailand.
It was designed by Louis Auguste Harel de La Noë and is the grandest in a series of thirteen "grognet" type viaducts.
As of 2007, the aqueduct still carried water, although it was not navigable as adjoining sections of the canal are in need of restoration.
A wooden bridge was originally built there in 1836, replaced by a steel one, built in 1882.
The bridge was designed by the firm of Arne Eggen Architects.
The first Kingston power station, Kingston A, was situated in Down Hall Road.
The Pandaruan Bridge or Brunei–Malaysia Friendship Bridge is a bridge at the border of Brunei and Malaysia.
The Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Association, which owned the island vigorously opposed any bridge across its land.
The former stretches between University Avenue and Coxwell Avenue for 6 km, across Old Toronto.
As of 2013 the bridge carries approximately 21,000 cars per day.
On 15 February 1994 the Shanghai Municipal Government declared the bridge an example of Heritage Architecture, and one of the outstanding structures in Shanghai.
By 1894 this "steep trestle with five openings had become unsafe and the present bridge was built."
It spans the border between the administrative counties of Nottinghamshire and Lincolnshire to the west and east respectively.
It is painted red, the traditional color of Lancaster County covered bridges, on the outside.
The bridge is part of the Outer Ring Road network, thus there is a toll for its use.
A county-owned and maintained bridge, its official designation is the Big Chiques #1 Bridge.
Floating Bridge is a pontoon bridge located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The waterway in the aqueduct is 8 feet wide with the towpaths either side being 4-foot-4-inch in width each.
Construction of the bridge was by Braithwaite, Burn & Jessop Construction Company.
O'Connell Bridge is a road bridge spanning the River Liffey in Dublin, and joining O'Connell Street to D'Olier Street, Westmoreland Street and the south quays.
Karameh Border Crossing is the only border crossing between Jordan and Iraq.
Liberty Bridge is a four-lane road bridge over Sava River in Zagreb, Croatia.
The Courtney Campbell Causeway is the northernmost bridge across Old Tampa Bay, carrying State Road 60 between Clearwater and Tampa, Florida.
The bridge is scheduled to open in 2019.
It spans the Irrakkandi Lagoon linking Trincomalee with Pulmoddai.
The current bridge is the third bridge that has existed at its location.
Two Interstates and a U.S. Highway cross the entire bridge.
The parapets on each side rise nearly 1 metre.
The unofficial name "Mega Bridge" was also widely used.
As a result of these findings, ODOT added reinforcements to some vertical members to improve structural redundancy.
The area is today known just as Tuthill, but the bridge, the Tuthilltown Gristmill and a nearby road retain the old name.
Both construction resulting in additional expenses of approx.
It connects the German city of Bad Säckingen with the village Stein in Switzerland.
It connects Kelly Drive at Calumet Street with Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive at Neill Drive.
It spans the Fraser River, connecting Langley on the south side with Pitt Meadows and Maple Ridge on the north side.
The Island Bridge is a bridge that crosses the Daugava river in Riga, the capital of Latvia.
It was constructed in 1703 by craftmen brought from Bengal during the reign of Ahom king Rudra Singha.
The span carries seven lanes of motor traffic.
Asparuhovo bridge is also a Suicide bridge.
The Oak Street Bridge is a four-lane bridge crossing the Fraser River connecting Vancouver to Richmond in British Columbia.
Completed 46 years ago in 1971 at a cost of $7,848,950, it has a main span of 1,050 feet, and an overall length of 1,550 feet.
Ponte do Arco de Baúlhe is a bridge in Portugal.
The Roseville Covered Bridge, also known as the Coxville covered bridge, is southeast of Mecca, Indiana.
The bridge is also one of the world's widest suspension bridges, at 58.5 metres wide.
The Passerelle Debilly is a through arch bridge situated in Paris bestriding the Seine.
Each bridge carries three lanes of traffic.
Hadrian's Wall crossed the river to Chesters fort on the multi-arched Chesters Bridge about 700 m to the southwest.
It is named after the engineer that built it.
The temporary bridge was so heavily traveled, it demonstrated the need for a permanent structure, which was finished in June 1925.
The bridge was re-opened on 25 October 2003 after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
At its highest point, the bridge rises 36 metres above the river.
The inside of the bridge is not painted.
The bridge can be accessed from Watson, Arkansas, via County Road 41.
Along with the bridge, a $12 million interchange was built at the intersection of 49th Street and Roosevelt Boulevard.
Repairs included removal and replacement of rivets, installation of supports & new steel.
The 48 metre tall bridge is located at Federal Route  near Bukit Putus, Negeri Sembilan.
Its primary use is that of a road bridge, carrying national route N2.
During its renovation in 1981, the floor was rebuilt and glue-laminated wood girders were added.
The bridge has become a tourist attraction in its own right.
The $22 million bid included two 200-foot towers and a clearance of 52 feet above the river.
When completed, it would be the longest sea bridge in India.
Haystack Rock Road is carried over the 833-foot long crest of the dam.
The bridge carries six lanes of traffic on the G70 Fuzhou–Yinchuan Expressway and is the second Yangtze River crossing in Jiujiang.
The Cochin Bridge spans Lehman Creek in Cochin, Saskatchewan, Canada.
The Portage Bridge crosses the Ottawa River just down-river from the Chaudière Bridge, joining the communities of Gatineau, Quebec and Ottawa, Ontario.
The upper deck is signed westbound on US 30 and southbound on I-405.
Whitby Swing Bridge is a pedestrian and road bridge over the River Esk in Whitby, North Yorkshire, England.
The Grand Rapids Swing Bridge is a four span Pratt truss railroad swing bridge in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
The bridge was completed in 2010 and the entire bypass route opened to vehicle traffic on October 19, 2010.
The Masangxi Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge which crosses the Yangtze River in Chongqing, China.
The bridge's western abutment is the western terminus of IL 16.
The bridge is on a county road, not a state-designated highway.
The 1920 Thornes Bridge was a timber Allan truss-type bridge that spanned the Mulwaree River between Goulburn, New South Wales, and Brisbane Grove, New South Wales.
It was built in 1950, and it replaced a car ferry service which dated from the 1920s.
The Chief Standing Bear Memorial Bridge is a bridge across the Missouri River at the Nebraska-South Dakota border.
Three barges broke loose and drifted downstream, missing Mark Twain Memorial Bridge.
The bridge carries 4 lanes of traffic between the Banan District south of the Yangtze River and the Jiulongpo District to the north.
Toll collection for the bridge was abolished in 1999 by the then PAS state government following an election promise.
In 2005, Hurricane Katrina virtually destroyed the I-10 Twin Span Bridge to the east.
The deck stands 20 metres above the river, allowing the navigation of ships of deep draft.
It has been rebuilt many times over the centuries, starting with Roman or perhaps older foundations; the current bridge is probably a 17th-century Ottoman construction.
All cast-iron features were manufactured at the Horseley Ironworks in nearby Tipton.
The Sunshine Bridge is a cantilever bridge over the Mississippi River in St. James Parish, Louisiana.
The project was picked out of a larger group of Honor Award recipients.
The bridge connects the Xorazm Province of Uzbekistan to the Lebap Province of Turkmenistan.
The bridge is 285 metres long, the longest of the 3 spans is 135 metres, and the maximum clearance to the sea is 24.2 metres.
According to Dio Cassius, the bridge was built in 62 BC, the year after Cicero was consul, to replace an earlier wooden bridge destroyed by fire.
The bridge, which spans from NE 62nd Street to Cowen Place NE, connects the northern Roosevelt/Ravenna neighborhood with the beginning of the University District.
The West-Link is a toll bridge on the M50 motorway to the west of Dublin, Ireland, operated by BetEire Flow Limited for the National Roads Authority.
It was built in 1914 by the Penn Bridge Company.
This new bridge is a toll bridge.
Several women's clubs around town raised $1,000 in 1929.
Construction of a similar bridge is currently underway over the river Kukun, which is scheduled for completion in 2010.
In the autumn of 2016, a replacement bridge was constructed adjacent to the Sherwood Forest bridge.
The bridge is visible from Point Park in downtown Johnstown.
The Ponte della Magliana is a motorway bridge located in Rome.
It was built in 1920 by J.J. McPhillips, and was designed by Percy Allan.
The Lower Guadiana International Bridge is a bridge that crosses the Chança River connecting southern Spain and Portugal.
The bridge was in use until 1960 and since 1999 is a National Historic Monument of Argentina.
The bridges are dedicated to the Wright brothers.
The bridge is named after Sister Nivedita, the social worker-disciple of Swami Vivekananda.
A tail bridge can quickly and efficiently be raised and lowered from one pylon.
It was built for the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company and is the oldest extant railway bridge over the Yarra River.
The Bronx–Whitestone Bridge is owned by New York City and operated by the MTA Bridges and Tunnels, an affiliate agency of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
The Venetian Causeway crosses Biscayne Bay between Miami on the mainland and Miami Beach on a barrier island in south Florida.
The two towers rise 74 metres from sea level, and the central span is 43 metres tall.
The 8.1 km expressway connects the end of North–South Expressway Southern Route at Pandan to the new Sultan Iskandar Building CIQ Complex in the city centre.
The bridge is made of prestressed concrete.
Most canal crossings occur at night when most of the shipping traffic is at a minimum.
It links Njegoš Street with Rog Street and thus completes the Ljubljana's inner ring road.
The Cromford canal is in Derbyshire, England.
Built in the late 19th century, it is one of five covered bridges in a space of about five miles that cross the North Branch Lamoille.
The bridge design incorporates a special system which sprays de-icing liquid onto the bridge deck whenever icing is detected.
The bridge was named after Professor Abdul Bari, academic and social reformer.
The bridge was built by the Luten Bridge Company of Knoxville, Tennessee.
Designed by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava, it is a single-span structural steel design, 40 m long, with the deck supported from two outward angled arches.
It is feared that the usually heavy traffic crossing Pinklao Bridge could cause structural damage to the old buildings located along Ratchadamnoen Avenue.
The river banks on either side are relatively high, so the bridge required deep trusses which arched over the river.
The Zuari Bridge is a bridge between North Goa and South Goa, India.
The viaduct spanned the Patapsco River at Ilchester, Maryland.
The inlet is also the location of a U.S. Coast Guard station.
The bridge is also known as The Jack-Knife because of its unusual method of opening.
One of these lanes on each side is used for an entrance/exit lane for Huron Boulevard and Riverside Avenue.
The Severan Bridge is a late ancient Roman bridge located near the ancient city of Arsameia, 55 km north east of Adıyaman in southeastern Turkey.
The bridge carries Las Vegas Avenue and crosses 37th Street.
The double-intersection Pratt, which was called the Whipple truss configuration, was a far more common variation of the standard Pratt configuration.
It is located at milepost 6 on Old U.S. Route 91 about 14 miles southwest of Cascade, Montana, in the United States.
Due to community action the freeway project was abandoned by the Wran government in 1977, leaving the Gladesville bridge connecting the existing arterial roads.
It is the second-northernmost and second-oldest public bridge in Budapest.
The bridge was built at a cost of $32 million, $3 million over budget, to alleviate traffic over the downstream Memorial Bridge.
It is shared by vehicular traffic, pedestrians and cyclists.
The bridge carries vehicle traffic of State Route 106 and State Route 156, and is owned by the Virginia Department of Transportation.
The second crosses the Great Western Main Line and the final bridge is over the Kennet and Avon Canal.
Jacob's Creek Bridge was the first iron-chain suspension bridge built in the United States.
In November 2007, ownership of the bridge was transferred from the private Plattsmouth Bridge company to the public Plattsmouth Bridge Commission.
Completed in 2013, it has a main span of 464 metres.
In 2007 the Municipal Government of La Paz awarded the design and construction of The Triplets Bridge Project to the JV “Consorcio Asociación Accidental Progreso”.
It was installed in 1952 by contractor Gardner Construction Company.
It was constructed in 1929 and is named after John Einar Selander, Tanganyika's first Director of Public Works.
It is one of the early railway bridges in Germany.
It is located on the A1 motorway above the Osp Valley near the village of Gabrovica, about 20 kilometres east of Koper.
When built, it was named the "Queen of Bridges" and is still the longest functional poured concrete bridge in operation in the world.
It spans the Vistula river, connecting the neighborhoods of Powiśle and Praga on the other side.
They were manufactured with a climbing formwork.
Now closed to rail traffic the bridge is used as a footpath.
The Alfred Beit Road Bridge is a road bridge crossing the Limpopo River between Musina in South Africa and Beitbridge in Zimbabwe.
Another one-way bridge further downstream, Pont d'Austerlitz, carries traffic in the opposite direction.
There are three span, length 103 metres.
Built in 1938, it closed to automobile traffic in 1965 and was renovated in 1988 to replace rotting timbers.
Its rail part carries the Petite Ceinture, now disused, and its road part links boulevard Poniatowski to boulevard Masséna.
Once completed, the bridge will be one of the highest in world, sitting 271 m above the Lancang River.
This is the only drawbridge in the Minneapolis-St.Paul area.
On February 11, 2013, a car bomb in a Syrian-registered minivan was detonated on the Turkish side of the crossing meters from the Cilvegözü customs office.
It is a part of the Asian Highway Network .
Chartershaugh Bridge is a road traffic bridge spanning the River Wear in North East England, linking Penshaw with Fatfield as part of the A182 road.
Lojing Viaduct is the highest bridge in Malaysia.
The bridges connect the city of Tacoma with the Kitsap Peninsula and carry State Route 16 over the strait.
Ripson Bridge is a truss bridge located southeast of Sorento, Illinois, in the United States.
The toll on the bridge was kept at 10 cents until 1988, when it was doubled to 20 cents.
The Gueuroz Bridge is a reinforced concrete arched bridge in Switzerland.
Tadcaster Bridge partially collapsed on 29 December 2015 after flooding that followed Storm Eva.
The bridge connects the Rhode Island towns of Portsmouth and Bristol and is part of Route 114.
The conceptual design of the project entailed eight sections that, together, total 13 miles.
This pike ran from Orange County, New York to Honesdale, Pennsylvania and in many places was reinforced by a plank road.
The portion of the bridge that fell into the water now serves as an artificial reef.
Built by the Phoenix Bridge Company in 1890, it is the oldest remaining bridge connecting Harrisburg's downtown and Riverfront Park with City Island.
The Ledyard Bridge crosses the Connecticut River to connect Hanover, New Hampshire to Norwich, Vermont.
The Merdeka Bridge is a vehicular and pedestrian bridge located in Kallang in the south-eastern part of Singapore.
The bridge crosses the Thames on the reach above Old Windsor Lock, shortly before Romney Lock.
The bridge will form a link between NH 80 on the southern side of the Ganges and NH 31 on the northern side of the Ganges.
The 5.3-kilometre-long suspension bridge connection has a 2.6-kilometre-long main bridge with a central span of 1,650 metres.
It was the second bridge to be built across the Hooghly River; the first, the Howrah Bridge 3.7 kilometres to the north, was completed in 1943.
The South Norwalk Railroad Bridge is an 1895 bridge in Norwalk, Connecticut.
It is part of the Krifast system, the town of Kristiansund's road connection to the mainland.
The project was intended to improve the mobility between the Abetxuko neighbourhood and the centre of Vitoria, connecting the neighbours physically and socially.
Unfortunately for the company, the timber was not of high quality and proved costly to log.
The bridge served the main line of the CNJ, carrying daily interstate trains as well as commuter trains.
At just over a mile long, it is one of the longest bridges in Massachusetts.
The second time, the bridge was closed due to the need to replace the deck.
The bridge has stood in three locations in Minnesota.
Renovation work is being conducted on the wharf.
Its main span was built of wrought iron in 1873—before steel became the preferred material for metal bridges—and erected in Sauk Centre in Central Minnesota.
Its two major pillars are 80m in height.
The Humber Bay Arch Bridge is a pedestrian and bicycle through arch bridge south of Lake Shore Boulevard West in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
When it was constructed in 1938, the bridge ranked first as the longest steel truss in the nation—a distinction it held for 19 years.
It is on the outer eastern part of the city.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Its lumber came from Plum Valley in Sierra County, California.
The Staffordshire blue brick abutments have stone dressings.
In 2013, MoDOT and IDOT heightened its restrictions on oversized loads on the bridge, citing its age and width.
The bridge is maintained by Hrvatske autoceste and Állami Autópálya Kezelő Zrt.
Before the first bridge, the site had a ferry dating at least to the 17th century.
The bridge is located in a part of the Neva that is difficult to navigate as the Neva bends after it.
The Albert Bridge links Indooroopilly and Chelmer railway station.
The Black Hawk Bridge spans the Mississippi River, joining the town of Lansing, in Allamakee County, Iowa, to rural Crawford County, Wisconsin.
The Morrison Bridge is a bascule bridge that spans the Willamette River in Portland, Oregon.
The steel 504-ft. through-truss channel spans the Susitna River.
19th Street Bridge is a two-span through Pratt truss road bridge in Denver, Colorado, over the South Platte River, now used for pedestrians.
The crossing of the Leigh River may lay claim to the first bridge built in Victoria, when a timber structure was erected in 1840.
The John F. Kennedy Memorial Causeway is a paved highway located in Corpus Christi, Texas.
The Yudong Bridge is a prestressed concrete box girder bridge which crosses the Yangtze River in Chongqing, China.
This bridge was built for single traffic, it is now controlled by traffic lights.
The 711-metre bridge has a main span of 525 metres.
Construction was difficult, with workers hanging over a 200 ft drop while working in temperatures that sometimes dipped below 0 °F.
The Clark Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge across the Mississippi River between West Alton, Missouri and Alton, Illinois.
The Mont Clare Bridge is a crossing of the Schuylkill River between Mont Clare and Phoenixville in Pennsylvania, USA.
It is 190 feet in height and 106 feet wide.
The original bridge was capped by four decorative finial spires; these were saved and put on public display.
The Canadian Pacific Railway, responsible for the design of the bridge, ceased rail operations over the span in 1989.
It is one of three original aqueducts created by Pierre-Paul Riquet during the building of the canal from 1667 to 1681.
Pitfield Bridge, is a riveted wrought iron, Warren truss road bridge, located over the Woady Yaloak Creek on the Rokewood-Skipton Road near Pitfield in Victoria, Australia.
As of 2013 the bridge had an average daily traffic of 29,200.
Local residents and the Lesner family oppose the change and a public poll resulted in no support for the name change.
Where the two spans meet, another road rises to join them at a free-flowing interchange suspended 50 metres above the ground.
Hosur Road Elevated Expressway is a 9.985 kilometers long elevated highway from Madiwala to Electronic City in Bangalore, India.
The current bridge and causeway opened in 1887.
The wooden trestle was replaced by a concrete structure in 1930 and improved in 1957 to provide a grade separation from Elliott Avenue West.
The Deir ez-Zor suspension bridge was a pedestrian suspension bridge crossing the Euphrates River, in the city of Deir ez-Zor in north-eastern Syria.
The bicycle/pedestrian lanes reopened in May 2014.
The bridge is located along Federal Route  and the confluence of Endau River, a river boundary of Pahang and Johor state.
A local group called 'Friends of Warrington Transporter Bridge' was formed in April 2015 to act as the independent voice of the bridge.
The bridge is part of State Route 47, which is also known as the Seaside Freeway.
The bridge and the nearby Ibestad Tunnel connect the two main islands of Ibestad together with the mainland.
As of 2013, it is the longest vertical-lift bridge in Europe.
There are two other bailey bridges in the Greater Toronto Area:
This bridge is dwarfed by its more famous nearby cousin, the 1968 Emlenton Bridge along Interstate 80.
Today it is a pedestrian-only bridge, and is in the guardianship of Historic England as a Scheduled Ancient Monument reference number 1015873.
The Ponte Altinate is a Roman segmented arch bridge in Padua, Italy.
It was built in 1971 and was designed by Howard, Needles, Tammen & Bergendoff.
Before 1869, crossing the Brazos River was a time-consuming and sometimes dangerous ordeal.
King Iron Bridge Manufacturing Company was founded in 1871 by Zenas King.
It is the newest border crossing between Malaysia and Thailand and the second bridge crossing the Kolok river.
The Bridge of Isabel II is a historic bridge in the City of Imus in Cavite province, Philippines.
A major restoration was performed from 1867 to 1879 by Paul Gout.
Several years after the demolition of the bridge, a restaurant known as the Tollbridge Inn was constructed at what was the Iowa end of the bridge.
The bridge was built by BESIX, a company which made some major bridges in Dubai
The bridge, part of Massachusetts Route 2, carries automobile, bicycle, and pedestrian traffic and is owned and managed by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation.
The bridge is open daily from 6 am to 9:45 pm.
The bridge featured two separate movable spans, the central auto-bearing main lift and a retractable bridge for rail traffic near the Kittery shore.
It was demolished in 1988, but its piers were used for the 62-foot-wide 1991 span.
The total length is 840 feet including the 410-foot main span and two 215-foot side spans, or 995 feet including the approaches.
In 2014, the bridge handled approximately 6.4 million vehicles, with a daily average of approximately 17,500.
The bridge is currently owned and maintained by the Connecticut Southern Railroad and carries freight traffic.
This allows for a clearance of 32 meters.
It is the longest non-tolled suspension bridge in the world.
A pedestrian walkway is supported on steel cantilever brackets.
The Pecos River High Bridge carries the Southern Pacific Railroad across the Pecos River gorge and is the second high-level crossing on this site.
The Ognon Aqueduct is one of several aqueducts on the Canal du Midi.
Built in 1907, the 46.9 metre bridge has one wooden Howe truss span, four steel through trusses and one plate girder span.
It is now open only to pedestrian traffic.
It is a large structure, and although simple in appearance, impressive.
The system is claimed to be able to create 16.7 million colors.
Between 1909 and 1911, a second, parallel, double-track bridge was built only 32 m upstream.
The total length of the bridge is 2,582.6 metres.
The work was completed between March and November 2004 at a cost of $3.6 million, with $1.6 million coming from the Federal Highway Administration.
The structure connected Route 837 on the west bank of the river and Route 906 on the east side.
The Bridge near Limyra is a late Roman bridge in Lycia, in modern south-west Turkey, and one of the oldest segmented arch bridges in the world.
These are connected by an elevated highway viaduct across Randall's and Ward's Islands and 14 miles of support roads.
In 1979, the bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Padma Bridge is a multipurpose road-rail bridge across the Padma River under construction in Bangladesh.
In 1975, a photographic study was conducted of Shelburne Falls.
Osney Rail Bridge is a railway bridge over the River Thames at Oxford in England.
Examples are Gorrell's Lane and March Barn road bridges, though it is possible that they were built later.
It was put into service 28 years after the first plans for a connection between Osterøy and Bergen were prepared.
connect Tiền Giang & Bến Tre Provinces.
After the Orlík Dam was completed in 1961, the Vltava rose 19 meters and covered part of the supports.
The Bridgeport Covered Bridge is located in Bridgeport, Nevada County, California, southwest of French Corral and north of Lake Wildwood.
The bridge carries 60 to 70 percent of commercial truck traffic in the region.
The CSX A-Line Bridge is a double-track concrete bridge that carries the North End Subdivision of CSX Transportation over the James River in Richmond, Virginia.
The Triple Bridge is a group of three bridges across the Ljubljanica River.
The 750 m bridge is the first cable stayed bridge in Brunei and is expected to be fully completed around August 2017.
The other survivor is another BNSF bridge located nearby, on the same line and built at the same time, the Oregon Slough Railroad Bridge.
The bridge is one of only a few floating bridges and its floating moveable span is the largest worldwide.
It swings through 71 degrees to give a 48-metre navigation channel.
Possibly the most notable was a bridge originally constructed by Andrew Handyside & Co of Derby.
The Blair Bridge is a wooden covered bridge originally built in 1829, that crosses the Pemigewasset River near Campton, New Hampshire, United States.
The bridge was remodelled around 1900 by engineer John Monash of the famous bridge-engineering firm of Monash and Anderson.
The bridge was inaugurated on April 15, 1998 by Atal Bihari Vajpayee, the Prime Minister of India at that time.
The bridge is part of the new G56 Hangzhou–Ruili Expressway between Bijie and Liupanshui.
It stands 110 feet above the water's surface.
The Old Wye Bridge or Town Bridge at Chepstow crosses the River Wye between Monmouthshire in Wales and Gloucestershire in England, close to Chepstow Castle.
The clear channel for shipping is 125 feet wide.
The Cize–Bolozon viaduct is a combination rail and vehicular viaduct crossing the Ain gorge in France connecting the communes of Cize and Bolozon.
2 Road on Lulu Island and turns into Russ Baker Way on Sea Island.
a statue of Perrine is at the visitors' center at the south end of the bridge.
The bridge was completed in 1981, designed by C. Veerling and named after King Willem III of the Netherlands.
The aerodynamic deck hangs on zigzag steel cables.
At each end of the new bridge are concrete stanchions, containing the original bridge's dedication plaque on one side and the new one's on the other.
The two bridges are called the Engøysundet Bridge and Henningsvær Bridge.
The bridge is named in honor of Tadeusz Kościuszko, the preeminent national figure in Poland's fight for independence.
The promised construction of the bridge was considered a prime factor in the amalgamation of the towns of Saskatoon, Nutana and Riversdale.
Both approaches to the bridge are painted in the traditional white color.
The structure can still be used by pedestrians, buggy traffic and vehicles weighing less than three tonnes for crossing the Grand River.
The Delaware and Raritan Canal State Park and towpath is accessible from the bridge.
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The bridge crosses the floodplain of the Neales River, which is prone to seasonal flooding, and replaced a surface-level railway which was frequently washed away.
It carries New York State Route 146 from Schenectady County to Rexford, a hamlet in the Saratoga County town of Clifton Park.
At the time of its completion, the bridge was the largest steel and concrete reinforced bridge in the world.
It was built by Sadler Rodgers, who also constructed the nearby Forksville Covered Bridge in the same year, with a similar design.
The bridge was built by Odebrecht Contractors of Florida, Inc. and was completed in 1995.
The toll plaza collects only westbound lanes going into Pennsylvania, and includes the E-Z Pass system.
Previously, Byrne was the Brooklyn Commissioner of Public Works.
The bridge was named in honour of King Bhumibol Adulyadej's 60th birthday.
Wakwella Bridge is a bridge situated in Galle District near Thelikada, Sri Lanka.
This hybrid type of cable-stayed and girder bridge is sometimes referred to as an extradosed bridge.
The bridge was built in 1966 by architect John B. Parkin.
The Wil-Cox Bridge, named for highway commissioners W.E.
There are 1.5 kilometres of new road leading to the bridge.
the suspension bridge over Hell Gate – a strait of the East River – which connects Ward's Island to Astoria in Queens.
The state has been scrambling to secure $170 million needed to replace the entire viaduct.
LA 3213 now extends from the bridge to LA 3127 on a two lane roadway that crosses over railroad tracks about halfway down the road.
The bridge crosses a river with one of the highest tidal ranges in the world.
As originally constructed in the 1975 it ran north - south over the river, connecting Footscray Road to the West Gate Freeway and Montague Street.
The cost of constructing a new bridge totalled CA$850,000.
It is of the cantilever spar cable-stayed bridge type and is also a swing bridge, but somewhat unusual in its asymmetrical arrangement.
The bridge is 65 feet tall and opened in 2008, replacing a small drawbridge.
Riverdale Road Bridge is a covered bridge spanning the Grand River in Morgan Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States.
Construction on the replacement span began in March 2012.
It carries NY 440 and NJ 440, the two roads connecting at the state border near the bridge's center.
The remaining ravine still serves as an outlet for storm water.
The bridge is part of the North Texas Tollway Authority system.
One channel span was replaced in 1972 after a barge transporting an empty gasoline tanker exploded under the bridge.
The Third Millennium John Paul II Bridge is a cable-stayed road bridge which spans the Martwa Wisła River in Gdańsk, Poland.
The James D. Pfluger Pedestrian and Bicycle Bridge is a shared use bridge for pedestrians and cyclists spanning Lady Bird Lake in downtown Austin, Texas.
In 1832, the state created the Belvidere Delaware Bridge Company, which was funded with the job of building a bridge from Riverton to Belvidere.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
The original Chain of Rocks Bridge was a narrow bridge with a 22 degree bend midway over the river.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
The bridge was built at the expense of both colonies, at a cost of £12,325/5/-, but on the responsibility of Queensland.
The current steel bridge was designed by Robert Giles and constructed in 1900; the piers rest on pile foundations in the riverbed.
The Cameron Suspension Bridge crosses the Little Colorado River at Cameron, Arizona, USA.
The Mindoro–Batangas Super Bridge is a proposed 14 km pontoon bridge which is planned to connect the Philippine province of Batangas and Mindoro island.
An earlier bridge in this location, built in 1869, was a wooden Howe truss design.
In 2005, the town of Narrowsburg passed a resolution calling on the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation to replace the bridge.
It is part of the Wishram, Washington to Bend, Oregon line of the BNSF Railway.
It is a two-lane bridge with 26 spans of 40 meters each.
At the time it was completed, it was the longest wooden bridge in the world.
The Stampetta Bridge is a railroad viaduct south of Vrhnika, Slovenia.
The U.S. 40 and 59 Bridges are twin multi-beam girder bridges over the Kansas River at Lawrence, Kansas.
It carries the canal over a small stream, the Ruisseau des Maïs.
Senator from Alabama and Grand Dragon of the Alabama Ku Klux Klan.
The Stord Bridge was conceived after the decision to combine the crossing with the Bømlafjord Tunnel.
The Hampden Bridge was subsequently converted to local traffic use, then pedestrian use only, and finally demolished in 2014.
The Short Line Bridge is a truss bridge that spans the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The bridge was built to serve the Pennsylvania Railroad, to provide better access to industrial sites, and to help through trains bypass downtown Pittsburgh.
While sensational, none of these stories are supported by actual evidence.
The General Douglas MacArthur Causeway is a six-lane causeway which connects Downtown, Miami, Florida and South Beach, Miami Beach via Biscayne Bay.
The bridge deck was supported by thirteen concrete girders, each spanning 160 feet.
The bridge opened on 16 July 2007 where the project cost 155 million dirhams to build and has the capacity of 6,000 vehicles an hour.
It was originally completed in 1836, named Hayratiye Bridge, and connected the quarters of Unkapanı and Azapkapı.
One of Richard Scudder's ancestors from Kent, England was named Henry Skudder.
Replacement of the Churchill Memorial Bridge arose from the Campus Facilities Master Plan, adopted by the City of Portland in 1990.
The filled-spandrel stone arch bridge has a single span of 54 feet and is 27.7 feet wide.
The Old Godavari Bridge is a decommissioned bridge that spans the Godavari River in Andhra Pradesh, India.
The deal was closed on June 17, 2010.
People in the area, and even the official website, commonly call it the Puente Colgante, although its structure is quite different from a suspension bridge.
Amtrak took over maintenance responsibility of the rail deck from Canadian National in late 2012.
The original 1880 bridge was the first free crossing of the Muskingum River.
The swing bridge was left in the open position to allow boat traffic to pass but a barge ran into it in 1988.
At one time U.S. Highway 460 crossed the bridge, terminating on the west side of the bridge.
The bridge deck was replaced and widened and much of the steel was repainted.
The bridge is now solely pedestrian, and provides a photogenic vista of the Castel Sant'Angelo.
The bridge itself is six travel lanes wide.
A railway bridge used for Via Rail train service is located just west of the Pierre Le Gardeur Bridge.
The bridge is required by federal regulations to open on 24-hour notice.
The bridge is also less frequently known as the Dušan Bridge after Stephen Uroš IV Dušan of Serbia.
The original structure, completed for the Lock Haven Bridge Company by the E. Kirkbride Company in 1852, was a covered bridge about 800 feet long.
Additionally, the restoration project incorporated traffic calming principles in reducing the number of vehicular travel lanes from four to two.
The road approaching the bridge is known as Bridge St. in Northampton and Russell St. in Hadley.
Built in 1896, it was the third at that location, and was demolished in September and October 2010.
The building started in 1975, and the bridge was opened on July 1, 1980.
The structure was used by pedestrians until its complete closure in 2016.
The technical point of contact is the United States District Court Water Master's Office in Reno.
It was built in 1908, and removed in 1959, after the 18th Street Expressway Bridge was built to the east of it.
Rama IX Bridge is a bridge in Bangkok, Thailand over the Chao Phraya River.
In the 1970s, the state considered closing the bridge permanently due to the recently constructed Wright's Ferry Bridge nearby, but local residents objected.
Traffic moved to the new bridge on February 7, 2014.
The origin of the suburb's name, and subsequently the bridge's name, is unknown.
The bridge connects Narodnaya and Ivanovskaya streets.
It is 120 m long and 5 m wide, with 11 piers and 12 arches.
Ponte Punta Penna Pizzone also known as Ponte Aldo Moro is a Girder bridge that spans Mar Piccolo in Taranto.
The Schmittentobel Viaduct is a single track limestone railway viaduct.
To open or close the bridge requires about two hours of setup time, 30 minutes turning time and 2 hours of set-down time.
The bridge is part of the A15 Batticaloa-Trincomalee highway.
It featured finials on each top corner and a band of scrolls, crosses, and lines between them.
In April 2017 vandals lodged lodged a block of wood in the gear mechanism, causing an axle to bend and the bottom roller beam to crack.
After this work, DDOT inspected the bridge inspection in 2014 and discovered additional need for repair.
In order to keep its historic status, the ornamental concrete railing and other parts were duplicated from the old form.
Prachantakham River Bridge is a one-span railway bridge in Thailand.
Restoration work was carried out in 1963, 1968, 2010, and again in 2012 after serious flood damage.
Linn Cove Viaduct is a 1,243-foot concrete segmental bridge which snakes around the slopes of Grandfather Mountain in North Carolina.
The bridge is 1600 meters long and 12 meters wide, with two traffic lanes.
Novo-kamenniy Bridge is a crossing of the Obvodny Canal in Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation.
Franjo Tuđman Bridge is a bridge over Neretva River located in Čapljina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Götaälvbron is a bascule bridge in central Gothenburg, Sweden, carrying normal road vehicles and trams.
The Akashi Kaikyō Bridge is a suspension bridge, which links the city of Kobe on the Japanese mainland of Honshu to Iwaya on Awaji Island.
The main span is 700 feet and the bridge has a total length of 2,498 feet.
The two-way bridge is 113 metres long and six metres wide and was built to connect the roads between the towns of Lavrentiya and Lorino.
A third transporter bridge over the Mersey was the Widnes-Runcorn Transporter Bridge, built in 1905 and dismantled in 1961.
The "Wright's Ferry" its name commemorates was the first ferry across the Susquehanna River.
The name also reflects more recent links between Reading and Christ Church, which was involved in the foundation of the University of Reading.
Kigamboni Bridge is a 680-meter-long bridge in Tanzania that connects the Dar es Salaam ward of Kurasini to the Kigamboni district across the Kurasini creek.
The original bridge was replaced in 1888.
The two-span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure was built by Joseph J. Daniels in 1876.
The bridge is nicknamed "The Coathanger" because of its arch-based design.
The Südbrücke, Mainz is a railway bridge on the Main Railway that connects Mainz, Rhineland-Palatinate, across the Rhine with Gustavsburg in Hesse.
As of January 20, 2016, there have been metal fences barricading the bridge pending further decision-making as to how to proceed with possible repairs .
The Orange Line of the Montreal Metro that was extended in 2007 northward to Laval is backed up with the bus route of the same number.
It is the second longest covered bridge and one of the most photographed covered bridges in the state.
The southbound bridge also has a 6-foot-wide sidewalk.
In 2008, the FESCO shipping company delivered construction materials and cement for building of the new crossing by boat from the port of Vladivostok to Lorino.
In the Serreria bridge, the pylon is curved backward and also back-stayed to concrete counterweights in the roadway.
The current bridge was completed in November 2005 and replaced the previous span built in 1929.
It was designed by architects A. Mamijanyan and A. Asatryan and consists of seven arches.
It has a main span of 520 metres, and crosses the Congo River.
This is mainly due to its crossing of a riverfront park on the Oil City shores.
It was the main road connection between the islands until the Farø Bridges were opened in 1985.
The Hopkins Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the Trout River in Enosburg, Vermont on Hopkins Bridge Road.
The road continues into Eagle Pass as U.S. Route 57, and Piedras Negras as Mexican Federal Highway 57.
The Baishatuo Yangtze River Railway Bridge is a truss bridge across the Yangtze River between the Jiangjin District and the Dadukou District of Chongqing, China.
The rest of the Armie goe over the Bridge.
The bridge was opened on 18 January 1923.
The bridge was part of public works projects that included building a port at Ostia, at the time the location of worked salt deposits.
Designed by John Grainger and built in 1883 by the Victorian government, it was the first movable bridge built in Victoria.
The newest bridge is called the Straum Bridge.
The bridge is a Howe truss design, with laminated arches added during its renovation in 2003-04.
The bridges connect the boroughs of Manhattan, Queens, and the Bronx via Randalls and Wards Islands, which are joined by landfill.
The bridge was repaired and reopened to traffic on May 25 of that year.
The deck is made from oak planks.
Scenic Shamian Island lies directly upstream of the bridge.
The Outerbridge Crossing is a cantilever bridge which spans the Arthur Kill.
It crosses Newark Bay and connects the cities of Newark and Bayonne in New Jersey, United States.
The upper level of the bridge is a two-way, four-lane automobile highway.
The new bridge was built with pedestrians in mind.
Angle Vale Bridge is a laminated timber arch bridge erected in 1876 over the Gawler River on Heaslip Road, Angle Vale South Australia.
Renmin Bridge is a bridge crossing the Pearl River in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.On its north is 623 Rd(六二三路）
A sign commemorating the site of the nation's first interstate project stands next to Interstate 70 just east of the Missouri Route 94/First Capitol Drive overpass.
I-80 was routed onto the bridge in 1959.
After 1933, State Route 147 was routed across the Westham Bridge.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The bridge is located on Autostrada A2 Salerno-Reggio Calabria Motorway and has a main span of 376 metres.
The bridge was completed on 3 October 1997 and cost about 308 million kr.
In the early 1990s the bridge was restored and renovated and at the same time an archaeological survey was carried out.
From the bridge on the Nepalese side, Kodari in Sindhulpalchok District, the Arniko Rajmarg links to Kathmandu, named after the famous architect Arniko.
The bike path through the park and over the bridge is connected to the Olympic Discovery Trail, a rails-to-trails initiative.
It was officially renamed as the Congressman William L. Clay Sr. Bridge in October 2013 in honor of Bill Clay.
Trent Bridge, Gainsborough is a road bridge crossing of the River Trent at Gainsborough, Lincolnshire.
Together with the Hestøy Bridge, they form a link over the Fjærangen fjord connecting Fosnes to the south to Lund in Nærøy to the north.
The stalled project has often been described as the missing link of the public transport system designed for the federal administrative capital.
The bridge connects the municipalities of Ullensvang and Ulvik.
This is a deck arch bridge made of steel, built in 1957, with a total length of 242.90 metres and a main span of 176.80 metres.
In summer 2013 the work had progressed but at a slower pace.
In 2006 a reconstruction of the bridge began.
A major restoration was undertaken in 1972–1976, and the approach spans were altered.
The swing span, to the south of the lift span, remains in place, but it ceased to be used after the lift span was installed.
The height of the main span is 30 meters.
It is one of only three road connections from Magnolia to the rest of Seattle.
Sometime in 2009 much of the temporary Bailey Truss was removed.
It crosses the Kansas River at the eastern part of the bridge, and has thru-truss spans over the Kansas River.
However, the works did not include construction of a parallel structure across the Mirna River which would carry the additional carriageway.
The total cost for the roundabout upgrade cost A$327 million and it was designed and built by a Thiess/John Holland Group joint venture.
It superseded the last ferry crossing on the highway.
The North Texas Tollway Authority worked cooperatively with Denton County to plan and design a toll bridge across the northwestern arm of Lewisville Lake.
A guarded road extends the end of the barrier island.
The Tauranga Harbour Bridge refers to two bridges that carry Te Awanui Drive over the Tauranga Harbour.
Roebling's Delaware Aqueduct, also known as the Roebling Bridge, is the oldest existing wire suspension bridge in the United States.
The first bridge was a wooden structure completed in 1857, but washed away in a flood in 1859.
The bridge was completed in 1998, at a cost of £5 million.
The bridge is an architecturally significant concrete arch faced with white granite.
There is also allegation that sand for construction was taken from river without payment for the same.
The Celtic Gateway is a stainless steel pedestrian and cycle bridge located in Anglesey, Wales.
The Price–Legg Bridge is a bridge over the Little River along the Lincoln–Columbia county line southeast of Lincolnton, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
The bridge opened for use on March 24, 2012.
The second span from the Missouri shore collapsed without warning just after quitting time.
The Lanang Bridge, Sarawak State Route Q326, is a 1.2-km toll bridge in Sibu, Sarawak, Malaysia.
The Airport Flyover is a road bridge over the Southern Cross Way in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
It was built in 1858 and demolished in 1903.
The Eau Gallie Causeway connects Eau Gallie, Florida, with SR A1A near Indian Harbour Beach, across the Indian River Lagoon.
In April 2015, the crossing fell to control of Free Syrian Army and al-Nusra Front during the Battle of Nasib Border Crossing.
The bridge is made wholly from cast iron and was only the seventh such bridge to be built.
The original span of 1925 was a steel truss bridge, while its 2016 replacement is a deck-arch-type bridge.
Construction on the bridge began in 1924, and the bridge opened in 1925.
The Milton–Madison Bridge is a continuous truss bridge that connects Milton, Kentucky and Madison, Indiana.
Between 1955 and 2009 the 365 m bridge was the longest in Belgium.
The deck is made from oak planks.
It is adjacent to Glasgow Central station.
The bridge's overall length is 1054.7 feet, with a central span of 400 feet.
It replaced the Melan Arch Bridge, which had collapsed two years prior, killing one motorist.
In March 2003, the bridge was closed for one month while repairs were carried out.
As of 2014, the old stone piers from the previous bridge were still standing next to the current bridge.
It consists of wrought iron lattice girders on a double row of piers with five spans.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
It is the easternmost complete crossing of the Saint Lawrence.
Although the railway line carried over the bridge is 3rd-rail electrified, there is no electrification over the bridge itself.
Pukete Bridge is a concrete box girder bridge in Hamilton, New Zealand, spanning the Waikato River.
The viaduct itself however is out of bounds.
The bridge was built in 1862 by David John Wood.
It is also the busiest bicycle and transit bridge in Oregon, with over 8,000 cyclists and 800 TriMet buses daily.
It is the seventh bridge on the site and was built at a cost of over $60,000,000.
The Albany Street Bridge is a bridge that carries Route 27 in the U.S. state of New Jersey spanning the Raritan River.
Every year on Independence Day, the bridge serves as a place where thousands of locals gather to watch fireworks.
The bridge was severely damaged during World War II, was repaired 1950-1953 and officially reopened on 12 December 1953.
The bridge is located upstream of the city center and connects Belgrade neighbourhoods of Zemun and Borča.
During the First World War, the main span of the bridge was completely destroyed, but the whole structure was reconstructed in 1946.
Grand Lyon commissioned the construction of a bridge between Cité Internationale and Place Basse Demonchy in Parc Saint-Clair in Caluire-et-Cuire.
In those centuries, it also became a popular subject for artists; Turner, Gastineau and Cotman produced sketches of the bridge and gate.
Vikramshila Setu is 3rd longest bridge over water in India.
After deciding to build a new bridge, North Shore City Council resolved to construct an iconic structure that would create "architecture integrated into the landscape".
The whole construction was carried out in heavy traffic with all traffic handled on a single track.
It is a modern and larger bridge compared to the landmark Ellis Bridge, and is dedicated to Jawaharlal Nehru, India's first prime minister.
It replaced an older bridge constructed in 1954, which was partly destroyed in a collision in 1980.
The bridge has 19 spans with a total of 1040 meters.
It crosses the Chambal River just outside the city.
The bridge was designed by William Perry Taylor, Chief Engineer J.L.
The Dabar Bridge is located between the Šibenik and Vrpolje interchanges of the A1 motorway in the Dalmatia region of Croatia.
It is dedicated to Major Archibald Willingham Butt, born in Augusta and a victim of the sinking of RMS Titanic.
The Chamberlain Bridge is a bridge in Bridgetown, the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados.
The Delaware Memorial Bridge is a pair of twin suspension bridges crossing the Delaware River.
In 2015, it was determined that a replacement is the preferred option, which would cost approximately $70 million.
Reconstructed as an urgent post-war project due to its position on a main line to Paris, the new viaduct reopened in May 1950.
Stones for the abutments were quarried at the top of a hill near the bridge site.
Following guilty pleas and one conviction, the men were sentenced between November 2012 and October 2013.
The 16th Street Bridge replaced the Mechanics Street Bridge which had been completed at the behest of the State of Pennsylvania in 1838.
The Grange Corner Covered Bridge was west of Grange Corner, Indiana.
The massive 3-track lift span was built in 1927-28 by the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad under the direction and design of John Alexander Low Waddell.
The westbound bridge's old superstructure was demolished in two explosions, with the first taking place on November 18, 2012.
The "Talbot" reference in the bridge's name is in remembrance of Matt Talbot.
The Brønnøysund Bridge is a cantilevered road bridge near the town of Brønnøysund in Brønnøy municipality in Nordland county, Norway.
The Elm Street Stone Arch Bridge is located along that street in Pine Hill, New York, United States.
Its location on the motorway network is between junctions 20 and 21 of the M6, the former being also known as junction 9 of the M56.
Weaverland Bridge carries Quarry Road across the Conestoga River near Terre Hill, East Earl Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The bridge is 308.5 m long and 9 m wide and it carries two 3.3 m wide traffic lanes.
Battersea Bridge is a five-span arch bridge with cast-iron girders and granite piers crossing the River Thames in London, England.
The bridge, which features one northbound and two southbound lanes, is significantly longer than others along this stretch of river.
The Bridge of Maria of Yugoslavia was opened on 28 June 1934.
The Jiujiang Yangtze River Bridge is a combined road-rail bridge over the Yangtze River near the city of Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province in eastern China.
Railroad traffic would not use the bridge's lower deck until 1928.
The crossing contains two spans, one carrying automobiles and the other carrying pedestrians and bicycles.
The bridge has a tower close 90 meters high and is founded on a 24 meter high column rising from the bottom of River Glomma.
There was also a separate toll for trucks, cyclists, pedestrians, motorcycles and horses/rider.
This is the only point where Louisiana 8 crosses the Ouachita River in Louisiana.
It opened to the public on opened December 28, 1926.
It also connects with Interstate 195, U.S. Route 6, and Route 146.
The bridge is the upper level of Triple Crossing, and also crosses United States Routes 360.
The National Park Service is currently working on Phase II of the project to reconstruct it from newer materials.
Its length makes it one of the longest bridges in the world.
Vejle Fjord Bridge is a cantilever bridge that spans Vejle Fjord between Mølholm and Nørremarken near the town of Vejle in Denmark.
The town of Lyons, Iowa, was annexed to Clinton in 1895, but the north end of the city is still referred to as Lyons.
A secondary arch has a span of 19.1 metres.
The line's construction in the 1920s and 1930s promoted housing growth along the Queens Boulevard corridor and stimulated the urbanization of central Queens.
The Passerelle Simone-de-Beauvoir is a bridge solely for pedestrians and cyclists across the Seine River in Paris.
Crossing the mouth of the river, it is variously called Pelham Bay Bridge and Pelham Bridge.
Among all the bridges spanning the present Welland Canal, the Skyway is numbered Bridge 4A.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
The bridge was closed in July 2012 for maintenance and upgrading.
The Nhật Tân Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge crossing the Red River in Hanoi, inaugurated on 4 January 2015.
It was first built as Lendal Bridge, York, but it collapsed there and was later brought to Scarborough.
Earlier plans had called for a new $42 million two-lane bridge and bypass of Plattsmouth.
The bridges were built in 1983 to replace a truss bridge built in 1929.
Sky Gate Bridge R, serving the Kansai International Airport of Osaka, Japan, is the longest double-decked truss bridge in the world.
Eagleville Bridge is a covered bridge located at Eagleville in the towns of Jackson and Salem, Washington County, New York.
The Havøysund Bridge is the world's northernmost bridge of any size.
It is one of the tallest structures in southwest Louisiana.
The two main abutments support high, upside-down Y-shaped towers from which the supporting cables are strung.
It weighs 450 tonnes, and has two spans of 65 metres and 18 metres.
Muar Second Bridge is a famous landmark in Muar, Johor, Malaysia.
The 550-metre-long bridge has a maximum clearance to the sea of 30 metres.
It bridges the Yongding River, a major tributary of Hai River.
The Innerbelt Bridge was a truss arch bridge in Cleveland, Ohio carrying Interstate 90/Innerbelt Freeway over the Cuyahoga River.
The ten-lane bridge replaced the I-35W Mississippi River bridge, which collapsed on August 1, 2007.
The heads represent Plenty, the Liffey, and Industry on one side, with Commerce, Hibernia and Peace on the other.
The covered bridge was also referred to as Bridge #11 by Chester County before it was replaced with the current steel beam bridge.
Today its technology is less of a miracle but it is a much-loved symbol of the city.
It carries Georgia State Route 28 and South Carolina Highway 28, which are both known as Sand Bar Ferry Road.
The bridge is 1,240 feet in length and 18.3 feet in width and was built ca.
In 1804, the bridge was immediately rebuilt.
It links the peninsula in central Durham and the Elvet area of the city, and is a Grade I listed building.
Jacob Beltzhoover was a pioneer of St. Clair Township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.
The bridge can be accessed by foot from Tamachi Station or Shibaura-futō Station on the mainland side.
The bridge was constructed in 1920, replacing a cable ferry, and opened in 1921.
It is of a rib-reinforced concrete deck arch design.
The bridge replacement was funded via the 1920 Lateral and Post Roads Act.
The crossing was first a ferry crossing run by David Martin, beginning in 1739.
The total length of the previous Port Mann was 2,093 m, including approach spans.
The bridge was a finalist in the Prime Minister's Award for better public buildings following its completion in 2009.
The current bridge was completed in 1983.
When the truss section was completed, engineers floated the span on its barges down the river.
Of the world's 400 or so highest bridges, none has a main span as long as Aizhai.
Chihuly has described the Bridge of Glass as "the gateway that welcomes people to Tacoma."
In the fall of 2005, the railings of the bridge were upgraded to solid concrete barriers in an effort to reduce over-bridge fatalities.
Shiplake Railway Bridge carries the Henley Branch Line to Henley-on-Thames, England across the River Thames, connecting Shiplake in Oxfordshire with Wargrave in Berkshire.
The bridge was closed in January 2012 for repairs.
It is 107 feet long with a width of 15 feet and is also known as the Oberholzer's Covered Bridge.
Standing west of the Michigan Avenue Bridge and east of Marina City, the bascule bridge connects the Near North Side with "The Loop" area.
The bridge links Hill Street and New Bridge Road, spanning the Singapore River near Clarke Quay.
It has a pedestrian foot way on each side, but no dedicated lane for bicycles.
It is now owned by Network Rail and used by London Overground for North London Line passenger trains running between Richmond and Stratford.
Several longer bridges have since been completed in China and abroad but it still ranks among the ten longest bridge spans in the world.
It was built by the civil engineer Thomas Telford.
The 9,000 tonne construction is fully welded.
It was raised in 1912-14 as part of a grade separation project.
It was designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
It is named for a nearby lock on the Schuylkill Canal.
The bridge connects Mapo-gu on the north side of the river to Yeongdeungpo-gu on the south side of the river.
The road across the bridge is Mount Crosby Road.
A two-story toll house, 48 feet long and 18 feet wide was later added at the foot of the bridge on the Lock Haven side.
The first traffic passed over it in November 1833.
The Wiesen Viaduct is a single-track railway viaduct, made from concrete blocks with dimension stone coverage.
This bridge was built for Expo 67 and was used by the Montreal Expo Express train.
It was completed in 1577 by the Ottoman court architect Mimar Sinan on the order of the Grand Vizier Mehmed Paša Sokolović.
Temporary structures will be built in 2013-2014 to allow a resumption of traffic in early 2014.
It replaced an 1887 span, which was converted to road use, continuing in that role until it was replaced in 1985.
The Cathedral Bridge was a railway and street bridge crossing the river Rhine in the German city of Cologne.
It is part of a series of notable bridges designed by McCullough for the Oregon Coast Highway in the 1930s.
This bridge is the official end of the navigable channel for river traffic.
Although the bridge is considered obsolete there are no current plans to replace it.
The Milford–Montague Toll Bridge is a truss bridge crossing the Delaware River, connecting Montague Township, New Jersey to Milford, Pennsylvania on U.S. Route 206.
The bridge is located 1.3 km from Surat Thani Railway Station.
To support the extra traffic volume, the deck surface was repainted to temporarily carry five lanes in each direction including the auxiliary lanes.
Many bridges slowly deteriorate and need to be repaired because the salty seawater damages the concrete and the iron inside it.
A new bridge was constructed in 2012 to replace the former span built in 1907.
This rallied preservationists to get the decaying area, once Kingston's waterfront in the days of the Delaware and Hudson Canal, designated a historic district.
Dawson Bridge Company, during the course of its construction, two workers died while on the job in October 2001 and again in April 2003.
The commission is also responsible for maintenance and operation of the interchanges with Route 29 in New Jersey and Route 32 on the Pennsylvania side.
The border crossing center is about 30 km from both Aqaba and Haql, and about 280 km from the Saudi city of Tabuk
Roadway traffic was stopped for approximately 15–20 minutes, and river traffic was stopped for 24 hours for cleanup of the debris from the bridge.
A bond issue for $1.5 million was submitted to county voters and passed in November 1924.
In 2016, the bridge was nominated for the Institution of Civil Engineers North West Heritage Award.
The bridge, one of currently 16 drivable bridges in Ashtabula county, is a single span Town truss design.
It is situated in Nakhon Sawan Province on the Northern Line Railway, near Nakhon Sawan Railway Station.
The Tanners' Bridge is an 18th-century Ottoman period stone footbridge located in Tirana, Albania.
The Museum of Science is located on the dam and nearby piers.
Built with four lanes, the bridge was modified in 1977 to have three wider lanes – two westbound towards Philadelphia and one eastbound towards New Jersey.
Lake Temenggor Bridge is the longest highway bridge on the East-West Highway,.
Due to the construction of the nearby Delaware and Hudson Canal in 1827, commerce and business boomed in the area.
It is the last bridge over the Middle Rhine for 80 kilometers downstream, before the Südbrücke in Koblenz.
Another option would build a tunnel under the Willamette River approximately following the existing I-5 alignment, and removing the Marquam Bridge permanently.
Designed by Henry Holland, it was initially opened to pedestrians in November 1771, and to vehicle traffic in 1772.
Eamont Bridge is a road bridge over the River Eamont, at the village of the same name, immediately to the south of Penrith, Cumbria, England.
The Cowen Park Bridge is one of two bridges that span the Ravenna Park ravine but is the only one open to vehicular traffic.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The bridge is also known as Rupsa bridge.
The Ethel Kennedy Bridge is a beam bridge carrying Benning Road over the Anacostia River and Kingman Island in Washington DC.
It is the oldest and longest of the three covered bridges remaining in the county.
The Ponquogue Bridge is a 2,812-foot-long bridge over Shinnecock Bay in the hamlet of Hampton Bays, New York.
Located at the intersection of N120 and Rua Progreso, it spans the Minho River.
The bridge is currently posted for a three-ton weight limit and a fifteen-mile per hour speed limit.
The Richard I. Bong Memorial Bridge, also known as the Bong Bridge, connects Duluth, Minnesota, and Superior, Wisconsin, via U.S. Route 2.
It was built in 1885–86 by the Pennsylvania Railroad.
It is located in Arcos de Valdevez, Viana do Castelo District.
In 1984 it was merged with Union Pacific in the Missouri Pacific-Union Pacific merger.
It was restored in 1986 at a cost of $11.5 million.
Rusumo International Bridge is an international bridge, opened in 2014, across the Kagera River.
In 2010, the report listed the deck and superstructure conditions as "Good" and the substructure condition as "Satisfactory".
The tolls for motorists ended on May 2, 2003.
and is designated by the Haldimand County LACAC.
The Zacatal Bridge is located southwest of Ciudad del Carmen, in the state of Campeche in Mexico.
The Yanghwa Bridge is an eight lane bridge spanning the Han River in Seoul.
The trail on the east side leads to the Coon Rapids Dam, about a mile and a half north.
It was designed to be reflective of the nearby historical structures but also to be an obviously modern structure.
It connects the cities of Rio de Janeiro and Niterói.
It's the only crossing of the Delaware River to be located entirely within the state of Delaware.
It is a Grade II listed building.
It crosses over the Aare and is located very close to the Bärengraben.
It connects with Highway 11 and Highway 71, part of the Trans-Canada Highway, on the Ontario side.
The bridge was designed by Bruce A. Watson of the Country Roads Board.
The bridge connects districts of Toppila and Toppilansaari.
The Solidarity Bridge in Płock is largest and longest cable-stayed bridge in Poland at 615 metres long.
The Erqi Yangtze River Bridge is a highway bridge over the Yangtze River in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China.
The contractor was Flickwir & Bush, including general manager F. M. Talbot and superintendent W. C. Ritner.
It is one of 22 covered bridges in New York State.
Butchers initially occupied the shops; the present tenants are jewelers, art dealers and souvenir sellers.
The bridge has a single span, wooden, double Burr arch trusses design with the addition of steel hanger rods.
This allowed the span to be partially raised to allow small and medium boat traffic to pass underneath without disrupting vehicular traffic.
The bridge is part of Quebec Route 138, which runs from the Canadian-US border southwest of Huntingdon to the Côte-Nord region via Trois-Rivières and Quebec City.
The bridge is located at the border between the first and fourth arrondissements.
The clearance under the bridge is 36 feet high and 350 feet wide.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 20, 2010.
It is located in the Brownsville Commercial Historic District and supports Market Street, the local main thoroughfare.
The two lane bridge is 672 meters long and 11.6 meters wide.
It was relocated to its present site in east-central Minnesota in 2011 and renamed Bridge No.
Prior to 1 October 2008 the bridge was referred to as the upper Forth crossing while the name was chosen.
It was partly destroyed on 11 May 1940 during the Battle of Belgium.
The Marysville Bridge was a railroad crossing of the Susquehanna River between Marysville, Pennsylvania and Dauphin, Pennsylvania.
As of 2016, the bridge is in active rail service, operated by the Walkersville Southern RR.
This provides a connection to traffic to and from the Katy Trail, which passes under the bridge.
A Mississippi legislative act named the proposed bridge after Dean in 1999.
The bridge is located near the confluence of Ribnica and Morača, and is part of the Saint Peter of Cetinje boulevard.
The bridge was originally referred to as Jackfish Lake Narrows Bridge.
It connects mainland Cochin to Willingdon Island.
In 1885 the central arch collapsed leaving massive piers
Radcot Bridge is a crossing of the River Thames in England, south of Radcot, Oxfordshire and not far north of Faringdon, Oxfordshire.
The River Neath Bridge has three steel approach spans on the west side and two on the east.
Therefore, the success of the project may set a precedent for similar projects that may occur in the future.
It is part of Edmonton's largest freeway, Whitemud Drive.
The Lupu Bridge is a through arch bridge over the Huangpu River in Shanghai, China, connecting the city's Huangpu and Pudong districts.
In order to build the line, the CNJ built bridges across the rivers, with service beginning in 1869.
The first span was completed in the early 1970s and the second span was constructed in the mid 1990s.
Sai Van Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge in Macau, China, inaugurated on December 19, 2004.
Its geographic location is N 41.20037 by W −73.11039.
In 1931, there was a major accident at the bridge when a paddle steamer clipped the lift span, tearing apart the upper deck of the boat.
Prior to the construction of the bridge, this route required the use of ferries to cross the Tempisque River, or long alternate land routes.
The Kierbedź Bridge was the first steel bridge over the Vistula River in Warsaw.
The bridge enables a direct connection between the Hacıosman metro station in the Sarıyer district, with the Yenikapı transport hub in the Fatih district
The Remøy Bridge is a bridge from connecting the islands of Leinøya and Remøya in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The Waldo Covered Bridge is currently eligible for addition to the National Register of Historic Places.
There are two crests on the bridge to allow for the passage of sea traffic.
It is located in Braga District, crossing the Tâmega River.
The spandrel walls are of random coursed stone mortared in place.
It was opened to traffic on 30 October 1896 and was named in honour of Lord Lamington, Governor of Queensland.
Today, the viaduct serves Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, as well as Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Providence/Stoughton Line commuter trains.
The bridge is in two parts separated by an island.
In addition to CP Rail traffic, the bridge also carries Amtrak's Empire Builder across the river.
The bridge consisted of three spans supported by two piers.
By 1991 the bridge had deteriorated to the point where it needed to be renovated.
It is currently managed by the Burlington County Bridge Commission.
It carries 3 lanes of European route E4, though it was originally designed for 2.
It is one of six bridges in the city.
The Öland Bridge is a road bridge connecting Kalmar on mainland Sweden to Färjestaden on the island of Öland to its east.
The project cost is estimated to be Dh1.1 billion.
The first main span was positioned in 1857 and the completed bridge was opened by Prince Albert on 2 May 1859.
It is the most direct southerly route from the island of Montreal toward the US border.
Completed in 2005, the 130 metres high arch spans 460 metres ranking it in the top ten longest arch bridges in the world.
Thanlyin Bridge is a bridge linking the cities of Thanlyin and Yangon in Myanmar.
This bridge connects the mainland on the east side of the fjord to the island of Storøya.
The Emmerich Rhine Bridge is a suspension bridge located in Emmerich am Rhein, Germany.
It consists of two parallel structures, both completed in 2003 by Konstruktor.
In theory, the movable span might also be lifted by a hand-turned capstan.
The bridge was originally a toll bridge making the second toll bridge in Malaysia after Sultan Yahya Petra Bridge in Kelantan.
The boxes vary in depth between 2.7m and 7.5m, with the deeper section located close to the river.
The deck was 135 feet above water level to allow passage of large ships.
It is the fourth bridge on the Han River, the third motorway bridge and also the "Rainbow Bridge" due to its shape and red color.
When completed the higher bridges will improve flood immunity of this important rural highway.
It comprises 2 bridges, a British Ceylon era truss bridge which is used as road-rail bridge, and a newly built bridge carrying 2 lanes of highway.
Rạch Miễu Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge in the Mekong Delta, Vietnam.
The bridge's upper level also carries pedestrian and bicycle traffic.
The original north trestle approach was buried in slag dumped from an adjacent temporary filling trestle.
It spanned 825 feet and stood 2.5 miles downstream of Niagara Falls, where it connected Niagara Falls, Ontario, to Niagara Falls, New York.
Wandsworth Bridge was commercially unsuccessful, and in 1880 it was taken into public ownership and made toll-free.
The wye's east leg is 952 feet long, and its west leg 849 feet long.
The picturesque setting has attracted a number of artists and photographers including the woodcut by Eveline Winifred Syme in the 1930s, and numerous historic photographs.
There is also a Lincoln Memorial Bridge in Vincennes, Indiana.
The Milvian Bridge is a bridge over the Tiber in northern Rome, Italy.
The Bình Triệu Bridge is a road bridge that crosses the Saigon River in Ho Chi Minh City.
The bridge helps to connect the East Coast Greenway, a 3,000 mile long trail system connecting Maine to Florida.
The original Liberty Bend Bridge was located about two miles to the north, which then crossed over into Clay County, Missouri.
Anping Bridge consists of 331 spans of granite beams resting on top of stone piers, the largest beam weighing 25 tons.
At the time of its opening, and during centuries, it was the only bridge that crossed the river.
The bridge, one of currently 16 drivable bridges in the county, is a single span Town truss design.
The bridge was reconstructed in 1994 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
W. H. Code of the Midland Bridge Company was the designer.
The Bally Bridge was named Willingdon Bridge after Viceroy of India, Freeman Freeman-Thomas, 1st Marquess of Willingdon, who inaugurated it.
The new road bridge, which replaced the historic timber bridge, utilised components and design elements of the original Barwon Heads Bridge.
The first opening for river traffic occurred at 11:58 a.m. on July 26, 1927, for the scow C. W. Howell traveling downriver with no barges attached.
On August 17, 2010, the new Camano Gateway Bridge opened to traffic.
The bridge is joined to Kalvebod Brygge and Cykelslangen bridge and Islands Brygge and thus connects Vesterbro on Zealand and Amager.
The bridge was completed in July 2012 and opened by Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
The Port à l'Anglais Bridge is a cable-stayed suspension bridge that spans the Seine river between the French communes Alfortville and Vitry-sur-Seine.
It connects the districts of Troja and Holešovice.
Ponte Pedonal Circular is a bridge in Portugal.
Although it is one of the largest bridges in the world, it is dwarfed by the Akashi-Kaikyo Bridge, which is on the same route.
It is located in the old quarters of the city, in the Devet Jugovića Street.
There is also a Barford Bridge which carries the River Ise over the A43 road between Rushton and Geddington in Northamptonshire.
In Jouarres le Vieux France, it carries the canal over a small stream.
It was a suspension bridge intended to provide convenient access from the densely populated north bank to the new park.
The construction costs of the expressway is RM 1 billion.
The Granville Bridge is a road bridge over the Mary River at Maryborough, Queensland, Australia.
Both approaches to the bridge are painted in the traditional white color.
The Discovery Bridge connects Yankton, South Dakota, with rural Cedar County, Nebraska.
Because of the bridge's height and slope, it is prone to being shut down during inclement weather.
The Steel bridge was constructed in 1907.
Swamp Meadow Bridge is a covered bridge crossing Hemlock Brook located on Central Pike in the town of Foster, Rhode Island.
The River Suir Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge over the River Suir in Ireland.
It parallels the James River, and actually "steps" into it at one section.
The Badong Yangtze River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge over the Yangtze River in Badong County, Hubei, China.
The Ikitsuki Bridge is a continuous truss bridge that connects Ikitsuki to Hirado Island.
Financed through a Public-private partnership, construction was undertaken by Eiffel Constructions Metalliques and completed in November 2007 at a cost of €12 million.
For some months after the storm the bridge was the only open direct route between the Lower Ninth Ward and the rest of New Orleans.
In the film, Forrest Gump is interviewed by television reporters about his cross-country running trip while crossing the bridge.
Clearance beneath the bridge is 4 metres.
Victoria Bridge connects South Brisbane near the South Bank Parklands and Queensland Cultural Centre to the Brisbane central business district at North Quay.
Eastbound US 24 is served by the older Quincy Memorial Bridge.
The other bridge curves around from the small island of Ålstadøya to the large island of Engeløya.
It is 660 feet long and 100 feet high, and has been Grade I listed since 1 April 1957.
The bridge is a scheduled ancient monument and a grade II* listed bridge.
In the High Middle Ages, a chapel devoted to St Mary was added to the structure.
It is the third bridge that has existed at the same location.
The next tenant was Chez Sophie sur le pont, which opened in the summer of 2013 and closed in February 2015.
Before the bridge was opened, Long Island was accessible only by the ferry James M. Curley.
Until the opening of the bridge over the Borgarfjörður at Borgarnes in 1981, it was part of the main road connection between northern and southern Iceland.
It was construct by a consortium leading by the Italian company Impregilo.
The Jeffries Ford Covered Bridge was southwest of Bridgeton, Indiana.
In 1888 the bridge was replaced with one made of stone, and by 1911 it had been widened to four lines.
The Rock Island Swing Bridge was a swing bridge that spanned the Mississippi River between Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota and St. Paul Park, Minnesota.
It is operated and maintained by the binational Buffalo and Fort Erie Public Bridge Authority.
It carries Ohio State Route 807 and West Virginia Route 807 and serves to connect WV 2 with OH 7.
The rest of the bridge is a deck truss about one mile long, and goes north to east in direction.
Gervais Street Bridge is a historic bridge in South Carolina in the United States and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is located in Viana do Castelo District.
There is a public walkway on the bridge located just underneath the road for bicycle and pedestrians.
Ban Mai Bridge is a three-span railway bridge in Thailand.
Edward E. Willey Bridge is a highway bridge which crosses the upper James River in the western portion of Henrico County, Virginia.
It was built in 1948 by J.H.& N.M. Monaghan & Associates and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The bridge is named after Almonaster Avenue on which it is built.
A controversial feature of the bridge was added in 1998, when lights were added to illuminate the bridge at night.
This bridge, with a total length of 891 m and six uneven spans completed in 1993, has been in service since 1994 as a toll bridge.
The Vanšu Bridge in Riga is a cable-stayed bridge that crosses the Daugava river in Riga, the capital of Latvia.
It is the first of the two entrances to the city of Cadiz, the second being La Pepa bridge.
The year of construction is uncertain, but it was built by 1928.
It carries U.S. Route 54 northeast to Pittsfield, Illinois, where U.S. 54 terminates.
use of precast, prestressed concrete box girders
It is located about 100 feet south of James Street over the Kansas River.
The Sauk Rapids Bridge was a steel spandrel braced arch bridge that spanned the Mississippi River between the cities of St.
The Sixth Street Bridge is a four-span, wrought iron bridge that crosses the Grand River in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
The Marseilles Bridge is a bridge in Marseilles, Illinois.
The bridge features only three spans, the central one can be drawn.
The Mackinac Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning the Straits of Mackinac to connect the Upper and Lower Peninsulas of the U.S. state of Michigan.
He is sometimes confused with Alfred E. Smith, New York's governor at the time.
The bridge reopened in early January 2013, but was closed again in March for major structural repairs, reopening again in June.
Access to the Big Four Bridge is limited to pedestrian and bicycle use.
It is known locally as the Second Street Bridge.
Root Road Bridge is a covered bridge spanning the west branch of the Ashtabula River in Monroe Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States.
Traffic was directed over the single-lane structure by means of traffic signals located at both ends of the bridge.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
It was opened in 1998 and is the third bridge in the city.
The 1893 bridge was a 60-foot-wide concrete structure with three steel Pratt trusses mounted on four heavy oblong concrete abutments and piers.
The Ponte della Vittoria is a bridge over the Arno in Pisa.
The Basarab Overpass is a road overpass in Bucharest, Romania, connecting Nicolae Titulescu blvd.
Opened in December 1935, the bridge was named for the late Governor Huey P. Long, who had been assassinated on September 8 of that year.
The Surgut Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge across the Ob River at Surgut, Russia.
Federal and state authorities are currently constructing a replacement bridge, the New Tappan Zee Bridge that will cost at least $4 billion.
In 2011, work began to remove the Benjamin G. Humphreys Bridge.
The Fletcher Covered Bridge is one of only two covered bridges still standing in Harrison County, the other is the Simpson Creek Covered Bridge.
Fairfield Bridge is a tied-arch bridge on the Waikato River in Fairfield, Hamilton, New Zealand.
The structure has two cast iron trough spans, with a single central masonry pier.
It still found use for the Short Line Bridge route, however, as did Milwaukee Road successors Soo Line Railroad and Canadian Pacific.
The bridge carries approximately 29,000 vehicles per day across four lanes of State Road A1A and Dunlawton Avenue.
However, the reports were soon discovered to be false.
Completed in 2005, it carries 4 lanes of traffic on the S201 provincial road.
The single-span, timber bridge measures 106 feet long and 20 feet wide.
It is part of a Western Freeway project.
Composite spandrel structure consists of steel girders and reinforced concrete deck slab.
It connects the municipalities of Jiaxing and Ningbo in Zhejiang province.
A warehouse at the site was used from 1699 until 1805.
In March 1928 work was completed on the attachment of two roadways onto the bridge, opening to traffic on May 9, 1928.
The historic Southeast Steam Plant is also nearby.
It opens at designated times during the hours just prior to and after rush periods, and on demand at other times.
Historically, this was the boundary of Berkshire and Oxfordshire before the 1974 county boundary changes.
The pin-jointed Warren truss section is the second-oldest metal truss bridge in Australia.
The bridge was built by the National Capital Commission and opened in 1973.
The bridge was completed in 1969, shortly after the Silver Bridge disaster, although it is located about 1 mile downstream of the original.
The 12.9-kilometre bridge opened on May 31, 1997.
There are plans to replace the bridge.
The Oakachoy Covered Bridge was burned down by vandals on June 2, 2001, ending the existence of the only remaining historic covered bridge in Coosa County.
The bridge is used by the West London Line of the London Overground from Clapham Junction to Willesden Junction.
The bridge's highest tower measures 218 metres and the bridge has a main span of 388 metres.
The bridge extends between Ortaköy and Beylerbeyi.
It is 504 metres long plate girder reinforced concrete viaduct.
It is now a converted pedestrian and bicycle bridge from Louisville into Jeffersonville, Indiana.
To minimize the effect on river traffic, the new span was installed over the course of three days.
It was constructed in two years and opened for use on August 21, 1968.
In June 2014 work began to widen the sidewalks on both sides of the bridge.
This resulted in a majority voting for the bridge.
The Judge J. Frank Graff Bridge is a truss bridge that carries U.S. Route 422 and Pennsylvania Route 28 across the Allegheny River.
At the time of its completion in 1949, it was the longest arch bridge in Czechoslovakia.
The bridge connects Maracaibo with much of the rest of the country.
In 2004, the bridge was rebuilt from the arches up.
This bridge replaced the older Eagle Point Bridge that previously served as the connection between Dubuque and Wisconsin.
His signature detailing is evident in the obelisk pylons with sconced light fixtures, ornate railings, and Art Deco piers.
As growth spilled over to Aspen's west, it became a traffic choke point for the region.
The bridge carries an average of 2,400 vehicles daily as of 2005.
It carried the Coleford, Monmouth, Usk & Pontypool Railway line across the River Wye at Monmouth, Wales.
The Arriaga Theater, the Arenal de Bilbao park, the Estación de Concordia and the Bailén Skyscraper can be seen from the bridge.
Its central suspension section is made of Japanese steel.
With 330 m of clearance above the river the bridge is one of the world's highest bridges.
The High Level Bridge is a road and railway bridge spanning the River Tyne between Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead in North East England.
The supporting columns are notable for openings to allow floodwater to pass through.
Pedestrians and bicycles are not permitted on the A. Murray MacKay Bridge; they may use dedicated lanes on the Angus L. Macdonald Bridge instead.
The bridge consists of five Warren through trusses, each with a length of 790 feet.
There is a sidewalk for pedestrian and bicycle access on the east side of the bridge.
That was significantly increased with subsequent restorations.
The bridge is now on private property where it was once used as a storage barn before the owner added a road to receive vehicle traffic.
There are boards on each side of the bridge showing the amount of wind, and the bridge has been closed several times because of strong winds.
Its span was the longest for any suspension bridge in Norway, until the Hardanger Bridge was opened in August 2013.
The Pacific Highway is the main road link from Sydney to Brisbane and travels alongside the coast.
The bridge ran from the northern edge of Main Street in Henderson to the low water mark on the Indiana side, resting on 15 stone piers.
The bridge carries Interstate 580 and U.S. Route 395 over the Galena Creek between Carson City and Reno.
The bridge is operated and maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation.
The Bømla Bridge is a suspension bridge which crosses Spissøysundet between the islands of Nautøy in Stord and Spissøy in Bømlo, Norway.
The bridge is located some 50 km upstream from Yichang main urban area.
Grafton Bridge is a road bridge spanning Grafton Gully in Auckland, New Zealand.
On May 1, 2008, five fully loaded barges broke loose during a period of high water.
It connects the Island of Montreal with the south shore of the river at Longueuil, Quebec.
The bridge is 1,290 m long and has a main span of 480 m placing it among the longest cable-stayed bridges in the world.
The original 1924 span was dismantled in 1975.
Originally built as part of the Monwearmouth Junction Line, it provided the first direct railway link between Newcastle and Sunderland.
The bridge has a main span of 1,546 feet, the third longest among cable-stayed bridges in the Western Hemisphere.
Opened in November 1994, it is currently one of three entry/exit points between the two countries that handles tourists.
The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is a major artery in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia.
Care was taken not to disturb a colony of bats living under the aqueduct.
Restoration work on the bridge was done in 1969 and 1994 by Metro Transportation.
The Hanjiatuo Bridge has two towers 184 metres and 179 metres in height.
Its longest span of 602 m makes it one of the longest cable-stayed bridges in the world.
Large parking fields with tunnels to the Atlantic Seashore are in the area immediately at the end of the Parkway.
The new bridge was opened on 26 August 1844.
The two track South Bridge is used by railway traffic, pedestrians and cyclists.
Meanwhile, the new canal that the bridge crosses began operation on 1 September, with the first ship going through on 4 September the same year.
It is part of the Interstate 90 route.
The bridge and its approach roadways make up a portion of Segment of Independent utility 4 of the I-69 corridor from Michigan to Texas.
The name is derived from the Hazen family which owned property adjacent to the crossing.
U.S. Route 395 crosses the Columbia River via this bridge.
The current bridge was constructed in 1966, replacing an earlier bridge that had stood since 1873.
A structure originally created on this site by the Pennsylvania Railroad as part of their West Penn Line in 1866.
It is painted red, the traditional color of Lancaster County covered bridges, on both the inside and outside.
Siekierkowski Bridge is a bridge over the Vistula River in Warsaw, Poland, connecting the Mokotów and Wawer districts.
It is 582 meters long and 23.6 meters wide.
The twin steel stringer bridge carries over the river, connecting downtown Hartford with East Hartford.
Built between April 19, 2010, and July 2013, the bridge opened on February 9, 2014.
It is a category B listed building.
To enable construction 42 houses were demolished and the owners were compensated by the government.
The statue depicts the six U.S Marines raising the American flag at the Battle of Iwo Jima.
It is administered by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation, and operated by the Washoe County Water Conservation District.
Crossing the river Ave in the district of Braga, the bridge connects either margin lined with picturesque houses.
Design work on a new Tacoma Narrows Bridge began shortly after the collapse of the original bridge.
The Yardley–Wilburtha Bridge was a bridge spanning the Delaware River.
The Simon Kenton Bridge, a suspension bridge built in 1932, is nearby.
On the morning of July 25, 2016, the middle four spans of the old Eggner's Ferry Bridge were brought down using controlled explosives.
It opened on August 8, 1929 and was built by the Cooper River Bridge Company.
The stone used in the bridge is locally-quarried gray limestone.
Including its approaches, It is 12,123 feet long, and its span over the main channel is 648 feet long.
The main swing span is flanked by two Parker through truss spans.
It was the first railroad bridge connecting Cincinnati, Ohio and Covington, Kentucky.
Also the old bridge had limited hydraulic capacity.
It was built in 1867, but not moved to its present location until 1899.
In the early 1800s, it was difficult to construct bridges, as they needed to provide enough clearance for the abundance of steamboats on the river.
The bridge is composed of three viaducts, with the central viaduct designed to carry future mass transit links.
Construction of a new bridge, was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 12 March 2016.
After the Landis Mill Covered Bridge, it is the second shortest covered bridge in the county.
The Vista Bridge is an arch bridge for vehicles and pedestrians located in Portland, Oregon, United States.
The northern spans were replaced by seventy-five spans of 9.14 m and one of 8.53 m, one of the longest timber beam bridges in Australia.
The Mosby Creek Bridge remains open to traffic, the only bridge in the area that does so.
The bridge links the Rose Quarter and Lloyd District in the east to Old Town Chinatown neighborhood in the west.
The lower 17 miles of the ninety mile long Passaic River downstream of the Dundee Dam is tidally influenced and navigable.
No other curves on the 28-mile Cut-Off were sharper than 2°.
Despite being a freeway, bicycles are permitted on the main lanes of the bridge.
The road was originally named for former State Representative C. Vance DeiCas.
Opened April 17, 1998, it has a main span of 720 meters and is signed as part of Japan National Route 37.
It was handed over to the public in 6.9.1995.
The bridge is 480 feet long and 10 feet 9 inches wide.
The bridge has a nickname "The Big Bridge of Jinhua", because of its large size.
Donnington Bridge is a modern road bridge over the River Thames, in the south of the city of Oxford, England.
The chief design engineer of the original bridge was Leonard O. Hopkins.
The previous bridge at this structure, built in 1892, was a through-truss bridge.
The village of Krossneset is located at the eastern end of the bridge.
It is a six-lane bridge with pedestrian lanes on both sides.
The name Pont Neuf was given to distinguish it from older bridges that were lined on both sides with houses.
At the time of construction, it was the largest bridge ever constructed using end launching.
In proposing a bridge, EWEB offered the university and Lane County the option of incorporating a pedestrian bridge if they paid the extra cost.
Pegg escaped the vehicle by kicking out the windshield, standing on top of the car and swimming to a nearby sheet of ice.
The bridge's main span is 675 feet.
The turntable is rusted shut and currently inoperable.
Keadby Bridge, more formally known as the King George V Bridge, crosses the River Trent near Althorpe and Keadby in Lincolnshire, England.
Other green improvements include sun pipes and systems to collect rain water.
It was declared as a New York Historical site in 1966 and listed in the National Register of Historic Places as of April 13, 1973.
In 2007, the average daily traffic count for the bridge was 3,646 vehicles.
This bridge has a length of 90 metres and width of 3.8 metres.
The Bridge of the 14th July is a suspension bridge over the Tigris in Baghdad, Iraq that carries vehicle and pedestrian traffic.
The mechanism used for this is still the same machinery originally installed by Armstrong.
It features a SPUI interchange at State Road 60 and a diamond interchange on the south end of the bridge.
Network Rail published a time-lapse video of the work.
The structure was completed in 1806 and designed by Jean-Polycarpe Maguès,  chief engineer on the Canal du Midi.
The bridge was listed under the Ontario Heritage Act by the City of Toronto in 1992 as architecturally historical.
The Eleutherna Bridge is an ancient Greek corbel arch bridge near the Cretan town of Eleutherna, Greece.
Erasmus of Rotterdam, a prominent Christian renaissance humanist.
Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Company was the contractor for the substructure, and the Ketler–Elliot Company was the contractor for the superstructure.
It is located at Johor Bahru-Kota Tinggi Highway.
The George Rogers Clark Memorial Bridge is a four-lane cantilevered truss bridge crossing the Ohio River between Louisville, Kentucky and Jeffersonville, Indiana, that carries US 31.
Gradually it became better known as the Kate Shelley High Bridge, or just the Kate Shelley Bridge, and the popularity of the Boone Viaduct name faded.
Its general direction is north-south and it has one lane going each direction, with a pedestrian sidewalk on the west side of the bridge.
The failure of the Schoharie Creek Bridge motivated improvement in bridge design and inspection procedures.
Along with the east portals of the Mount Baker Ridge Tunnel, the bridge is an official City of Seattle landmark.
The C&O's Westham Station was relocated to a Richmond city park in 1961.
The toll was increased again in 1998 to 25 cents.
The Ponte Vecchio's two neighbouring bridges are the Ponte Santa Trinita and the Ponte alle Grazie.
They are the fourth-busiest international crossing in Ontario in terms of total number of vehicles.
It was designed by the Omaha Structural Steel Works.
The original bridge was opened in 1848 and the second in 1878.
The Millennium Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the Morača River, in Podgorica, Montenegro.
The bridge is of Queen post truss design by an unknown builder.
The bridge is crossed by an average of 16,200 motor vehicles per day.
Including the approaches, it is 4,200 feet long and was completed in 1964.
The Sauk Rapids Regional Bridge is a newly completed bridge spanning the Mississippi River in the United States city of Sauk Rapids, Minnesota.
The part which crosses the Île aux Cygnes spans the island's pedestrian alley with a small stone arch.
It links Church Street in Richmond on the north bank with Chapel Street in South Yarra on the south.
The bridge is on the shortest motor vehicle route between the University of Oregon main campus and Autzen Stadium.
The Natchez–Vidalia Bridge are two twin cantilever bridges carrying US Routes 65, 84 and 425 across the Mississippi River between Vidalia, Louisiana and Natchez, Mississippi.
Millhouse Bridge is a footbridge across the River South Tyne at Millhouse, a hamlet just to the South of Bardon Mill in Northumberland.
In December 2014 the city government approved another replacement of the bridge's cables.
Built in 1925, the two-lane structure carries U.S. Route 20 eastbound traffic, with the adjacent Lyon Street Bridge carrying westbound traffic.
The bridge was designed by the structural engineering firm Aas-Jakobsen.
It comprises 2 bridges, an early-twentieth-century steel bridge which is used for railway and a newly built bridge carrying 2 lanes of highway.
The bridge is 544 metres long, the longest span is 170 metres, and the maximum clearance to the sea is 32 metres.
It was officially opened with a ceremony held on 14 June 2013.
In 1997, the Osterøy Bridge was opened for traffic, as the second bridge to Osterøy island.
It is part of a network of bridges that connect the islands of Vesterålen and Lofoten to the mainland.
Lucan Bridge is a road bridge spanning the River Liffey in the town of Lucan in Dublin, Ireland.
Nhat Tan Bridge was designed and built to become a new icon of the capital, its five towers symbolizing the five ancient gates of Hanoi.
The bridge originally occupied a site on the Oxford Canal.
A similar segmental relieving arch can be found at another Roman bridge in central Italy, the Ponte di Pioraco.
Spider Bridge at Falls of Schuylkill was an iron-wire footbridge erected in 1816 over the Schuylkill River, north of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The site is now part of the 74-acre Bedell Bridge State Park in Haverhill, New Hampshire.
Until 1992, the bridge had a wooden deck.
It is Grade I listed and a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
The Najiehe Railway Bridge is a steel arch bridge in central Guizhou, China.
However, there are multiple provisions for spur routes along the Queens Boulevard line that were never built.
During late nights, the E makes local stops west of Briarwood to provide local service along the line.
The bridge has two round arches each of which is 8 feet 6 inches wide.
It was built and opened in 1987 at a cost of $20 million.
The Stark Street Bridge is a 277-foot steel truss bridge spanning the Sandy River two miles east of Troutdale, Oregon.
The park was rebuilt and partially reopened in August 2014.
Before the construction of this structure, an elaborate 1881 bridge stood on the site, which connected two P&LE lines.
The bridge replaced a previous ferry service several kilometers upstream and will be run by a private consortium, the Golden Crossing General Partnership, until June 2041.
It is located in Rochefort, Charente-Maritime, Poitou-Charentes, France.
It is 637.5 metres in length and 25 metres in width.
Historical markers claim the bridge was the first electrically operated swing bridge in the State of Florida.
Brunel died later that year and his name was then placed above the portals at either end of the bridge as a memorial.
It was originally expected to be completed in late 2013, but was finished in May 2013.
It carries the State Road 60 designation and is known for its greenways and pedestrian walkways and elegant bridge appearance and structure.
Ryde Bridge has rarity value at a State level and historical significance locally.
Together with the access ramps, the bridge has a total length of 2,022.8 metres.
Hastings Rail Bridge is a vertical-lift bridge that spans the Mississippi River in Hastings, Minnesota.
They are among the only surviving examples of large eyebar chain suspension bridges in America, and furthermore, unusual for having been erected using cantilever methods.
Sully - Morland is the nearest Metro station.
The Wuhu Yangtze River Bridge is a combined highway and railway bridge over the Yangtze river.
It is a replacement for the Charlestown High Bridge, an older truss bridge constructed in the 1950s.
The Basilone Memorial Bridge is a bridge on the New Jersey Turnpike in the U.S. state of New Jersey spanning the Raritan River.
The bridge is situated on Dunera(Pathankot) to Basohli road and built to improve connectivity among three states of India- Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh.
The Ponte Nomentano is a Roman bridge in Rome, Italy, which carried the Via Nomentana over the Aniene.
Around 1950, the first bridge began to show that it could not adequately handle increased traffic to the islands.
After the Milwaukee Road's bankruptcy, the bridge was left abandoned.
Also, at the 2005 Open Championship, Jack Nicklaus gave his final farewell to professional golf while standing on the bridge.
It opened in 1995 to replace a structure of historic significance.
To the north are Cripley Meadow and Fiddler's Island and to the south are Osney Island and the Botley Road.
It was inaugurated on November 13, 2006 and named Orinoquia Bridge.
San Juanico Bridge is part of the Pan-Philippine Highway and stretches from Samar to Leyte across the San Juanico Strait in the Philippines.
The excellently preserved structure is 14 m long and 3.5 m wide.
By 1966 service on the New York and Greenwood Lake was terminated.
The Perkins Bridge also served as a detour for U.S. Highway 23 during this time period.
They are named after the peninsula on the western shore.
The Drammen Bridge is a motorway box girder bridge that crosses Drammenselva river in the town of Drammen in Norway.
Its design and construction are credited to the Colorado Department of Highways and J.H.& N.M. & Associates.
The bridge, one of currently 16 drivable bridges in the county, is a single span Howe truss design.
The steel span was purchased by Disney and is in Orlando at the Walt Disney World theme park.
9W at that point is also called Frank Koenig boulevard.
The Hagelsund Bridge is a suspension bridge in Hordaland county, Norway.
It crosses the Saint Lawrence River approximately 200 metres west of the famous Quebec Bridge between historic Quebec City and Lévis, Quebec.
Today, southbound traffic uses the newer span, and northbound traffic uses the original span.
This provides a four-lane connection between the bridge and Highway 417.
The bridge with the widest span in the Indian broad gauge railway network
It is a single arch of 6 metres span and 9 metres above water level, with a road width of 9 metres.
The Bonnington Aqueduct is an aqueduct on the Union Canal, to the west of Edinburgh, Scotland.
During a power crisis in 2000, the lights were turned off, but they were turned on for one night to honor Hendler's passing.
The 1965 bridge, a steel girder bridge, was subject to scouring from the inlet, leading to the need to replace it.
The 100 m long substructure was the second largest of its kind in antiquity, after the Pergamon Bridge.
The parish division is marked by a boundary stone in the middle of the bridge.
Connecting the Near North Side with "The Loop," is at the junction of the branches of the river, lying directly west of the Wells Street Bridge.
It was built for the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, opened in 1812; the line was a horse drawn plateway.
The Glasgow Bridge was five-span through truss bridge over the Missouri River on Route 240 between Howard County, Missouri and Saline County, Missouri at Glasgow, Missouri.
The bridge was renamed the Pont De Rennes for Rochester's sister city Rennes in France as part of the conversion.
The bridge, with approaches, is approximately 6 km long.
The construction of the newest bridge was started in 1759 and took 34 years to build.
It was built in 1686-87 by Antoine Niquet and designed by Marshal Sebastien Vauban, It is found in the city of Trèbes.
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 5, 2005.
Opened in December 2014, it became the second bridge over the Danube in Belgrade, after the Pančevo Bridge.
It is the tallest bridge in the world, with one mast's summit at 343.0 metres above the base of the structure.
Toll for two-axle automobiles is USD $1.00, and SunPass is not accepted at this toll plaza.
The Albert Bridge is a road bridge over the River Thames in West London, connecting Chelsea on the north bank to Battersea on the south bank.
A Latin inscription at the portal reads: Omnia habent ortus suaque in crementa sed ecce quem cernis nunquam bos fuit hic Vitulus.
The bridge is the second-longest in Norway, and the second pontoon bridge in Norway.
Howrah Bridge is a bridge with a suspended span over the Hooghly River in West Bengal, India.
The bridge’s WGCB number is 35-04-19, and it is located approximately 3.4 mi south of Geneva.
It is architecturally and mechanically unique, being composed of five side-by side sections of varying lengths, with offset pivots to accommodate the varying lengths.
The bridge is 552 metres long, the longest span is 52 metres, and the maximum clearance to the sea is 17 metres.
Washington ordered his troops to destroy the bridge to impede the British.
The total length of this bridge is 830 meters.
Best Gas Tractor Co. and became Caterpillar in 1925.
In 1994 a survey revealed corrosion damage to up to 25% of the pre stressing wires.
It runs 535 feet over the Delaware River, from Minisink Ford, New York, to Lackawaxen, Pennsylvania.
Work on the bypass did not begin until 2000.
and was designed by PJS International Sdn.
The sidewalks were faced with a non-slip plastic fibreglass surface.
The single-span Burr Arch covered bridge structure was built by Henry Wolf in either 1854 or 1859 and destroyed in the Great Flood of 1913.
The Ma'anshan Yangtze River Bridge is a bridge complex over the Yangtze River in Ma'anshan, Anhui Province in eastern China.
It is a Grade I listed building.
The canal surface is about 40 feet above the surface of the river.
The Janice Peaslee Bridge is a pin-connected steel & wrought iron Pratt through truss bridge crossing the Connecticut River between Stratford, New Hampshire and Maidstone, Vermont.
This bridge is the southernmost freeway-standard bridge over the Delaware River that requires no tolls for vehicular traffic in either direction.
It connects Paducah, Kentucky north to Brookport, Illinois.
SuDS is in place at either end of the new part of the A96 leading to the bridge.
Construction on the bridge started in 1997 and it opened in 2000.
The Environment Agency refers to the bridge as "Grandpont Bridge".
Immediately after the bridge on the Gatineau side, the road becomes part of the Autoroute where cyclists and pedestrians are prohibited.
The entire causeway is three miles long from end to end, and currently has a $6 toll in effect for island-bound vehicles only.
In 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as structure number 80003526.
The bridge's architect was Maxwell Ayrton and the head engineer was Alfred Dryland.
The Batang Mukah Bridge or Mukah Bridge is a landmark bridge in Mukah town in Mukah Division, Sarawak, Malaysia.
Originally built in 1905 as a moveable bridge, it has been in a fixed closed position since 1985.
The Denver Millennium Bridge is the world’s first cable-stayed bridge using post-tensioned structural construction.
The new drawbridge was selected over a higher fixed span, which would have cost more and have displaced more properties.
The bridge cost 540 million rupees and was financed by a soft loan from the British Government's Steel Bridge Programme.
Approach viaducts were built at either end.
Prior to the bridge's completion, round-the-clock ferry services operated across the river.
The Wrought Iron Bridge Company, a prolific late 19th-century bridge company, constructed the bridge.
On September 1, 2011, work on Wil-Cox Bridge was complete, allowing the bridge to be used as a detour during replacement of the U.S. 29-70 bridge.
Opened on July 3, 1937, it carries four motor traffic lanes, and a footpath on the western edge.
Phu My Bridge Corporation has a thirty-year BOT licence to operate the bridge which will be part of a toll road.
In 1997, the bridge was closed after the Connecticut Department of Transportation found the substructure to be moving.
The Bridge connects districts of Begusarai and Khagaria to the Divisional headquarters Munger city.
The basket handle arch carries 2 railway lines over a deep reservoir on the Xi River.
It can be seen from the Raymond E. Baldwin Bridge, as well as from various points on Route 154.
The Sloans Ferry Bridge is a four-lane automobile bridge spanning the Catawba River/Lake Wylie between Belmont, in Gaston County, and Charlotte, in Mecklenburg County.
It was the first bridge in the United States to use a cast-in-place segmental method of construction.
It is located between the municipalities of Concordia in Sinaloa and Pueblo Nuevo in Durango, along the Durango–Mazatlán highway, Mexico 40D.
In 1931, the Incline Railway, or simply the Incline, was added beside the bridge to reach the bottom of the gorge.
As built, the Schenley Bridge and the Panther Hollow Bridge are near twins—built concurrently.
On a half-deck bridge, the deck is attached in the center rather than, as is more common, top or bottom of the superstructure.
The thin air at high altitudes and poor weather hampered construction work, and summer storms delayed the transportation of construction materials.
It is very near to the lock of the same name, and crosses the Ruisseau de Tréboul.
The culvert was probably built at the same time as the original road, between 1813 and 1816, making it almost certainly the oldest bridge in Australia.
The Bell Road Bridge is a Pratt through truss bridge in Dexter Township, Washtenaw County, Michigan.
The new roadways will each carry two lanes of unidirectional motor traffic, in addition to a new walkway.
The bridge was designed and constructed during an aggressive two-year schedule to minimize the social and economic impact of the original bridge's demolition.
The most recent restoration was performed in 1985.
Construction of the new bridges is expected to start by the end of 2011 and be completed in mid-2013.
The land next to the bridge is the birthplace of the Whig Major who ordered the Peggy Stuart burned.
The arch nearest to the right bank of the Adige was rebuilt in 1298 by Alberto I della Scala.
It was designed by architect Grigor Aghababyan and constructed between 1949 and 1956.
New Henniker Bridge or New Bridge was a covered bridge in West Hopkinton, New Hampshire, which carried Henniker Road over the Contoocook River.
The Hobart Bridge was a pontoon bridge that crossed the River Derwent, connecting the eastern and western Shores of the City of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia.
It is an elevated deck truss, and about 3,000 feet long.
The bridge spans the Baling River Valley and opened to public traffic on December 23, 2009.
It crosses the Tunca river, connecting Edirne Palace with the city.
The piers are spaced to match the original timber bridge.
This additional land is required because project site lost significant land due to erosion, for transition structures and due to a change in railway alignment.
The additional line opened on 2 June 1901.
The approaches to the westbound lanes were completed with a ribbon-cutting ceremony on September 8, 2011, and the opening of all six lanes the next morning.
It is located in the territory of the commune of Bonnieux, north of the village of the same name, and 8 km west of Apt.
It was completed in 1849, and carries the A487 trunk road between Cardigan and Aberystwyth.
Once the bridge was fully paid for in 1973, the toll was removed.
It carries US 44/NY 55 across the north-flowing Wallkill River just downstream from where it is joined by the Shawangunk Kill, its largest tributary.
The bridge is almost 300 metres above the river making it the highest High speed railway bridge ever built.
Because of its narrow two lanes with no shoulders, the bridge often became blocked by accidents or by the crossing of large vehicles like farm equipment.
The bridge was designed and built in the shape of a dragon and to breathe fire and water each Saturday and Sunday night at 9PM.
The Horton Mill Covered Bridge is maintained by the Alabama Historical Commission, Blount County Commission and the Alabama Department of Transportation.
The bridge is narrow, allowing for two lanes of traffic on a 20 feet deck.
It connects the Buckinghamshire and Berkshire banks.
In 1727 a temporary bridge was built at the location of the modern bridge.
The bridge was built by the Saskatchewan Ministry of Transport at a cost of $11M, officially opened on October 8, 1998 by Judy Bradley.
The bridge has two lanes in each direction, but in practice only one lane is used because of the strict security checks.
The new bridge consists of twin structures, each carrying two 12-foot travel lanes, a 10-foot bike lane/outside shoulder and a 3-foot shoulder.
Owned and maintained by the county, its official designation is the Big Chiques #6 Bridge.
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
The construction began on 30 April 2002 and achieved completion on 19 January 2008, also its inaugural date.
Completed in 2000, it has a main span of 600 metres.
March 15 Square and the famous Mátyás Pince restaurant
The bridge was built in the mid-2000s and opened in the spring of 2007 after numerous delays.
The bridge opened to traffic on June 16, 2009.
The first opened in 1796, and then was reconstructed in the 19th century.
Ranger started legal proceedings against the company, but they were eventually quashed by Lord Cranworth.
Construction of the bridge began in December 2003 and it was opened for traffic in December 2008.
When construction resumed, David B. Steinman was among the engineering staff, acting as Assistant Engineer.
There is a water main in the steel sub-structure.
It is the longest bridge in Hungary, spanning about 2 km with the sections leading up to the bridge, and 928 m without them.
Built for a daily crossing of 48,000 vehicles, the daily average is 80,000, making it by far the most traveled bridge in the Quad Cities.
The first bridge, opened in 1878, was a single-track lattice design, notable for lightness and low cost.
The bridge is very important one, since it is a part of a major Kazan - Chistopol - Bugulma - Orenburg highway.
The bridge was inaugurated on April 24, 2010.
The Cambie Bridge is a six-lane symmetric, precast, varying-depth-post tension-box girder bridge spanning False Creek in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The material-saving bridge cost about $700,000 to construct, about 30 percent cheaper than a regular concrete arch design.
The third bridge to stand on the site, it was completed in 1938.
Its 475-foot span made it the first major suspension bridge in Texas.
The bridge was originally projected to recoup its investment in 15 years, but was completely paid for in ten years.
When the floodwater receded, the barge was refloated and beached downstream near Fig Tree Pocket to be cut up for scrap.
Some pedestrian bridges and abandoned bridges are also listed.
Construction was started in 2003 but was delayed by a number of safety concerns and other issues.
The Qatar Bahrain Causeway was a planned causeway between the two Arab states of Qatar and Bahrain.
Instead, he fell 55 feet and landed on Raspberry Island underneath the bridge.
It opened on 25 June 2011, connecting Ebrington Square with the rest of the city centre.
The Jubilee Bridge spans the South Johnstone River connecting Innisfail and East Innisfail, Queensland, Australia.
The Älvsborg Bridge is a suspension bridge over Göta älv in Gothenburg, Sweden, which connects the north and the south part of the city.
The main arch has a span of ca 17 m. The width of the bridge is about 3.8 m. The original construction material was Travertine.
The bridge is 1.6 kilometres long, and has a maritime channel with a width of 60 metres and a height of 15 metres.
By the 1960s shipping had ceased on the River Dee.
The single-track bridge is an all-metal truss bridge, designed with one lift span and with lengthy wooden trestle approaches at both ends.
It is a major contributor to Montreal's role as a continental hub in the North American rail system.
This came after the al-Qaeda-affiliated Tahrir al-Sham defeated Ahrar al-Sham in Idlib.
The Bridge is served by 4.8 kilometres of dedicated access roads.
However this only occurred a few times, and after 1970 it could no longer be opened.
It is located about 1 kilometre south of the village of Rørvik.
Previously, a 1902 truss bridge stood on the site.
Transportation officials say that the bridge is aging and restriction of overweight vehicles will help to extend the life of the bridge.
Some claim it is the longest toll-free road bridge in the world.
The deck surface is not original and is currently concrete.
It is situated along the Damascus-Amman section of the Hejaz Railway.
Several graves are nearby, and one of them, David Saunders, died in January 1890 from “heart disease accelerated by heat apoplexy.”
When the bridge was completed in 1999, it was the fourth longest suspension bridge span in the world and the longest in China.
It is the second bridge on the shared section of the Danube between the two countries.
However, there is intense traffic congestion on the bridge due to increased traffic and there is now a demand to construct another bridge parallel to it.
Between July and September 1896, the approaches to the bridge were repaired and the track body was renewed under traffic.
The bridge is a composite continuous girder structure executed across five spans, 216 meters long overall.
Dravo Contracting submitted the low bid of $144,000 to construct four piers completed on August 13, 1926 one month ahead of schedule.
The larger Whipple truss bridge replaced an 1838 wooden covered bridge that was destroyed during the American Civil War.
Clover Bar Bridge, the original truss span, was completed in the summer of 1953 and connected Beverly with mostly rural Strathcona County.
The Marøysund Bridge is a cantilever bridge that connects the mainland to the island of Marøya in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The Merrill P. Barber Bridge is a concrete arch bridge that spans the Indian River Intracoastal Waterway in Indian River County, Florida.
The Missouri Pacific Railroad bridge was built in 1909, by the MoPac.
The original structure was built in 1866 by the Hudson River Bridge Company but was replaced in 1901–02.
Chiniot Bridge is a concrete made bridge located in the Chiniot passing over the Chenab River.
Carter Glass Memorial Bridge crosses the James River between the independent city of Lynchburg and Amherst County, Virginia.
The Rhodes Footbridge is an ancient Greek arch bridge in the city of Rhodes, Greece.
Under the original schedule, this bridge should have been completed and opened for traffic in late 2007.
The bridge was constructed of pre-cast concrete segments using top-down construction.
The Winant Avenue Bridge is a vehicular movable bridge spanning the Hackensack River in Bergen County, New Jersey 14 miles from its mouth at Newark Bay.
The bridge is operated as a toll bridge by the Port of Hood River.
As of late 2015, campaigners had initiated a petition for the bridge to be restored and used as part of a Liffey greenway plan.
The bridge crosses the Valley Highway between Platte Street and Central Street as an extension of the 16th Street Mall.
It is designated as part of the Roman Monuments, Cathedral of St. Peter and Church of Our Lady in Trier UNESCO World Heritage Site.
A wooden bridge was built there in 1847.
The Auckland Harbour Bridge is an eight-lane box truss motorway bridge over the Waitemata Harbour in Auckland, New Zealand.
Big trucks is not allowed to cross the bridge, they need to cross over Taurosta Bridge.
Construction began in 1989 and it was finished in 1991.
It is maintained by the NY–PA Joint Interstate Bridge Commission, which is jointly owned by the states of New York and Pennsylvania.
Broadbottom Viaduct is a railway viaduct that spans the River Etherow between Derbyshire and Greater Manchester in England.
The 570-metre-long bridge opened on 29 August 1994.
The project cost is estimated at Rs 130 crore.
Valley Bridge is a road bridge in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England.
On July 26, 1983, the bridge was closed after it was found to be in danger of collapse.
A ferry service operated from around 1600, run by private operators and latterly by Caledonian MacBrayne.
The bridge lies about 4 kilometres east of the village of Valsøyfjord and about 15 kilometres east of the municipal center of Liabøen.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The bridge was constructed for the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and was designed by a joint venture of Klohn Crippen Berger and Buckland & Taylor.
The bridge was of great strategic importance during the first half of the 20th century and was repeatedly damaged and repaired as a result.
Birchenough Bridge is the name for both a bridge across the Save River and a village next to the bridge.
The city recently approved a small-scale restoration project.
Then in 1856, the first swing bridge to span the river was constructed in Rock Island, Ill., to solve the problem.
The Pierre Laporte Bridge is the longest main span suspension bridge in Canada.
Hampden Bridge is a suspension bridge across the Kangaroo River, located in the town of Kangaroo Valley, New South Wales, Australia.
The bridge carries Norwegian county road 13, connecting to Norwegian National Road 13 on the north end.
The bridge was brought into use on 11 December 1971, although not officially opened until 1972.
Like the main festival site, the northern camp site and car park is used as farmland for most of the year.
For a time, the bridge was dubbed "Hill's Folly" until the value of Hill's new bridge as a passenger rail link became evident.
It is one of four Washington County covered bridges submitted for listing in the National Register of Historic Places in one multiple property submission.
The bridge was strengthened during the 2000s to cope with modern traffic loadings.
The bridge was designed by architect Rafael Israelyan.
The bridge deck is made of pre-stressed concrete.
When completed, it formed the link between the existing Gateshead Western By-pass and the newly constructed Newcastle-upon-Tyne Western By-pass.
The bridge spans 628 metres carrying traffic on the G36 Nanjing–Luoyang Expressway.
The bridge is 336 metres long and its maximum clearing to the sea is 15 metres.
It is a pedestrian bridge linking St Ebbes to the Grandpont nature reserve.
There are only one span, length 40 metres.
Sam Houston Tollway Ship Channel Bridge is a bridge in Harris County, Texas.
Route 9 was subsequently rerouted over the Great Egg Harbor Bridge.
Most of the bridge is a low-level viaduct.
That bridge was constructed by the Imperial Japanese Army between April 1937 and May 1943, during their occupation of Korea and northeast China.
Marie, Ontario, the bridge ends at a city street, Huron Street, in the downtown core.
It is a two-ribbed, open-spandrel, reinforced concrete arch bridge with one principal span.
The total length of the bridge is 55 metres, and its main span is 45 metres long.
While this feature is found on some European bridges, it is extremely rare, if not completely unique, in the United States.
It is maintained by the Michigan Department of Transportation, and is currently the oldest of Bay City's four modern drawbridges.
It was named for Philip Schuyler, a general in the American Revolution.
The Leo Frigo Memorial Bridge is a bridge on the north side of Green Bay, Wisconsin.
The Brickell Avenue Bridge is a bascule bridge in Downtown Miami, Florida, that carries U.S. Route 1 over the Miami River.
As of January 2016, there have been no fatalities and only one minor injury at the bridge, leading officials to concentrate on more urgent safety issues.
The pedestrian walkways are on the outside of the bridge.
The posted speed limit on Locke Avenue is 40 miles per hour.
The Bloukrans Bridge is an arch bridge located near Nature's Valley, Western Cape, South Africa.
A combination of wheels, chains and counter-weights were used to lift the deck of the bridge out of the way of passing canal barges.
It was opened on May 10, 1973.
Old Gentilly Road was part of the Old Spanish Trail and provided the only vehicular route east out of New Orleans at the time.
It is historically significant as one of three surviving covered bridges in Connecticut, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
The construction process was launched during the 1970s by the Soviet government but abandoned shortly after.
during the reign of Byzantine Empire; according to this theory, the aqueduct shipped water to the new settlement Justiniana Prima.
Other notable celebrities of past and present include: Tom Morris, Sr., Tom Morris, Jr., Sam Snead, Lee Trevino, J.H.
It is a steel truss bridge of 11 spans each 37.1 m long, on concrete supports, with three steel girder approach spans each 12.2 m long.
Merdeka Bridge or Jambatan Merdeka is a major bridge in Malaysia.
The Board believed that maintaining the fiction of a swing-bridge presented BR with a cost that is no longer justified.
A Trout River Bridge Replacement project commenced in 2005 which replaced the original bridge with a six lane bridge; this project was completed in July 2008.
Opened for public use in 2001, the award-winning structure was conceived and designed by architect WilkinsonEyre and structural engineer Gifford.
It is located near downtown Eugene, where the city's founder Eugene Skinner once operated a ferry service.
The bridge provided a new connection to the southern banks of the river and aided in westward expansion along Wacker Drive.
The Escambia Bay Bridge is a six-lane freeway bridge that carries Interstate 10 across Escambia Bay near Pensacola, Florida.
The Poulson building was replaced in 2007 as part of a general renovation of the station to make it more accessible.
It carries State Route 104 across Hood Canal of Puget Sound and connects the Olympic and Kitsap Peninsulas.
It connects the Punda and Otrobanda quarters of the capital city, Willemstad.
The bridge was named after two of the islands at its ends, namely Tsing Yi and Ma Wan.
Originally named the Montreal Harbour Bridge, it was renamed in 1934 to commemorate the 400th anniversary of Jacques Cartier's first voyage up the St. Lawrence River.
