Dix Hill is the informal name for a high, rolling expanse of land and national historic district located at Raleigh, North Carolina.
The Rookery Building is a historic landmark located at 209 South LaSalle Street in the Loop community area of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
The current building was constructed in 1828 by noted Boston stonecutter Abner Joy to designs by Alexander Parris.
The Arch of Triumph in Pyongyang, completed in 1982, is modelled on the Arc de Triomphe and is slightly taller at 60 m.
Built in 1889, it occupies land that was originally a portion of the wide vineyards of Nicholas Longworth.
The gallery is focused on curating and commissioning artwork, over than simply acquiring collections.
Fifth Avenue was the first fireproof school in Pennsylvania and was home to the Alpha Chapter of the National Honor Society.
The area around the marker was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
Woodland Cemetery and Arboretum, located at 118 Woodland Avenue, Dayton, Ohio, is one of the oldest garden cemeteries in the United States.
The levels are offset so that the floors in the front and rear of the building appear like mezzanine levels to each other.
At 617 ft, it is the tallest building in Jacksonville, and the eleventh-tallest in Florida.
The interior was rebuilt after a fire in 1895.
The East School, located further down School Street, is a less architecturally elaborate building with Italianate styling which was built in 1870.
Others, such as the Babylon Bend Bridge in Ellisville, are located throughout the county.
The silvery blue color glass facade was first used on the Reuters Building in New York City.
After purchase by White & Corbin, the building was expanded and became the largest manufacturing plant of its kind in the United States.
The building has 18 floors and 285 luxury rooms.
Edgewood Plantation is an estate located north of the James River in Charles City County, Virginia.
It was built in 1882 using stone, brick, slate, concrete, and asphalt.
Humphreys is most notable for his design of the famous USS Constitution, or "Old Ironsides".
It is considered Minneapolis's oldest intact school building, whose original section was constructed 1886–87.
Annexed from Henrico County in 1906, Fairmount was first incorporated as an independent town on March 10, 1902.
The General Wayne Inn located at 625 Montgomery Ave in Merion, Pennsylvania is a former tavern.
The tower's design features what appears to be two connected towers.
Overnight accommodations at the chalet ended with the onset of World War II, and the other buildings at the site were intentionally burned in 1956.
It is a Gakhar fort built in the 15th century by the Muslim Gakhars.
The Aloha Tower is a lighthouse that is considered one of the landmarks of the state of Hawaii in the United States.
Some of the collection was developed when the building was part of the Mobile Public Library as the Davis Avenue Branch.
The top floor of the tower is 213 m above ground and the building is 269.4 m to the top of the spire.
The Kales Building is a high-rise apartment building in downtown Detroit, Michigan.
It is one of the finest surviving examples of its kind.
Business Bay will have upwards of 240 buildings, comprising commercial and residential developments.
The development was planned to include an adjacent, connected 850-room hotel tower referred to as 100 South Biscayne II.
It is located at 200 Liberty Street between South End Avenue and West Street.
The house is not open to the public.
The Goodyear Airdock is a construction and storage airship hangar in Akron, Ohio.
The Queen Anne style home was constructed sometime around 1880.
Between 1977 and 1999 it was also the Strasbourg seat of the European Parliament.
801 Grand, also known as the Principal Building, is a skyscraper in Des Moines, Iowa, United States.
The UK's largest purchasing consortium, Independent Buyers Ltd has been headquartered at Catton Hall sine 2005.
A newer concrete bridge runs parallel to the wooden bridge and serves as a bypass.
Since the building's opening, it has been occupied by state-owned Pemex, one of the largest petroleum companies in the world.
The Cincinnati Street Gas Lamps are a historic district in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
The house was purchased by Historical Society in 1945, and moved several hundred yards from Willow Court to its current location in 1957.
In 1953, the building was renovated to add a parking garage - the first in the city - to the building.
The building is locally significant as one of 30 remaining houses within the historic district that pre-date 1821.
House traditions include annual banquets, house clean-ups, and No Pants Thursday.
The Brewton House was the headquarters of BG Alexander Schimmelfennig during the federal occupation of Charleston at the end of the American Civil War.
Villa Madama is a prominent rural house or villa built during the Renaissance.
The James McBean Residence is a house in Rochester, Minnesota designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
His residence was named a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
Built in 1831, it is a small rectangular building with a prominent front tower.
The tavern was torn down in 1890.
After Thomas Healey's death in 1897, William carried on the family businesses, which came to include the new Healey Building of 1914.
It was sold to developers but they were unable to secure planning permission for proposed future uses.
The Barbour County Courthouse in Philippi, Barbour County, West Virginia, USA is a monumental public building constructed between 1903 to 1905 in the Richardsonian Romanesque style.
In 2008, the building was de-listed from the NRHP.
The outlook from the top of the Old Town Hall tower offers a round view of Bratislava Old Town and its environs.
As part of the development, the original façades of some of the previous buildings have been retained and incorporated into the lowrise sections of the complex.
It is adjacent to the Peoria Riverfront Museum.
The Congress Building, or simply the Congress Building, is a historic skyscraper in Downtown Miami, Florida, United States.
A new design of the building is without the spire, decreasing the tower to 826 feet, was planned to finish in 2016.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
The neon sign on top of the building is the largest sign in the southern hemisphere.
At 268.4 meters, this 59-story tower remained the tallest skyscraper in Europe until the City of Capitals was completed in 2009.
Later this convent moved to another location in Washington County, Kentucky and founded Saint Catharine College.
The building's design incorporates a set of Doric columns in its base.
Chericoke is a historic home and national historic district located near Falls in King William County, Virginia.
Sheraton New Orleans, located at 500 Canal Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 49-story, 480-foot tall skyscraper.
The figurehead was lost in a storm, and today a stone replica is found on the building's 3rd floor façade.
Although the walls are primarily brick, they are decorated with elements of sandstone, along with limestone details and projections.
The building is located at 1431 Washington Boulevard and occupies the block bordered by Clifford Street, Grand River Avenue and Washington Boulevard.
By late December 2007, 102 of the 400 units had been presold.
The original structure was built in 1750 by Don Luís Rocha as a summer house along the Pasig River.
These towers are a part of the King Abdulaziz Endowment Project that strives to modernize the city in catering to its pilgrims.
It is one of three remaining railroad depots in the United States built with logs as the primary structure material.
After the site was unused for more than 15 years, the building was constructed between 1905 and 1907.
El Ateneo Grand Splendid is one of the best known bookshops in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
It is notable as the site of Sino-European space cooperation, with the launch of the first of two Double Star scientific satellites in December 2003.
On October 1, 1974, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Although the block has been destroyed and a new YMCA constructed on its place, it remains listed on the National Register.
It is a traditional gambrel style roof.
Once the campaign was finished, the remaining funds were used for additional improvements to the bridge.
Sun Studio is a recording studio opened by rock-and-roll pioneer Sam Phillips at 706 Union Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, on January 3, 1950.
The Lake Mary Chamber of Commerce Building is a historic site in Lake Mary, Florida, United States.
Lorraine Apartments was one of the most luxurious and best preserved late 19th-century apartment houses in Philadelphia.
The church is an octagonal construction of brick and Aquia sandstone with a stucco coat.
The glass and steel tower is modeled after a jade vase.
It has a roof height of 1,250 feet, and with its antenna included, it stands a total of 1,454 feet tall.
On April 23, 1984, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It is called soul of the city and is situated in a large open space called Peace.
St. George's is one of the more than 500 churches in the Eastern PA Conference of the United Methodist Church.
Elkanah Watson House is a National Historic Landmark located in Port Kent, New York.
As early as the 1880s, there had been interest in using the structure as a museum.
Marineland functions as an entertainment and swim-with-the-dolphins facility, and reopened to the public on March 4, 2006.
The Hinds House is a historic building in Santa Cruz, California.
The building is currently planned to open in 2016 as Conrad Fort Lauderdale Beach.
927 Fifth Avenue is an upscale residential apartment building in Manhattan, New York City.
The building aimed to achieve a poetic union between the Scottish landscape, its people, its culture, and the city of Edinburgh.
The fortress is located in the central Alburz mountains, south of the Caspian Sea, about 120 km from present-day Tehran, Iran.
It is located adjacent to the West Strand Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
As the college has built a new observatory on a hill near the edge of campus, the building is no longer used for astronomy.
The investigation into the burglary revealed that high officials in the Nixon administration had ordered the break-in and then tried to cover up their involvement.
Nutting sold the house to the National Society of the Colonial Dames of America in 1919, who continue to operate it as a historic house museum.
It was one of the earliest structures built of stone in a national park.
These were times of great conflict, and the upper platform appears to have functioned as a heiau luakini to bring success in war.
Goodfellow Builders built the city hall with clock tower, opera house, and meeting room.
At its zenith in the early 20th century, Wanamaker also had a store in New York City at Broadway and Ninth Street.
John B. Lee and his wife Nannie McBride Lee from Albion, New York built the house in 1905.
On January 18, 1990, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
On November 13, 1991, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
333 Bush Street is a 43-floor, 151 m mixed-use skyscraper located on Bush Street in the Financial District of San Francisco, California.
"It was built during 1860-1870 with stone masonry in lime and jute mortar to suit the volatile weather of Karachi."
Little Norway consisted of a fully restored farm dating to the mid-19th century.
The Stahl House is a modernist-styled house designed by architect Pierre Koenig in the Hollywood Hills section of Los Angeles, California.
At the time of the monument's dedication in 1902, its cost was $598,318.
Images from those confrontations, broadcast internationally, spurred a public outcry which turned the nation's attention to the struggle for racial equality.
It was completed in December 1995 and opened in 1996 and was designed by the architect Stephen Hodder.
Floors 79 to 81 are used for a restaurant and an observation deck.
The two houses, built c. 1750-60, represent a study in contrast between high-style and vernacular Georgian styling.
Stephen Mather often lived elsewhere, but regarded this house as his true home.
It was also home to the 90's syndicated improv/sketch show Kwik Witz,  and The Jenny Jones Show until its cancellation in 2003.
After 89 years as a railway terminus, it closed to passengers in May 1969 and became an abandoned railway station.
It is located at 214 San Bernardo Avenue in the heart of the downtown area in the San Agustin Historical District.
The church then became known as St. John Missionary Baptist Church.
The roof sloped down directly over the staircase so that one had to crawl in order to enter the loft.
It was designated a Chicago Landmark on May 9, 1973, and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Bruin's Slave Jail is a two-story brick building in Alexandria, Virginia, United States from which slave trader Joseph Bruin imprisoned slaves.
The Ocoee Christian Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic church in Ocoee, Florida.
The Orchard Wing was upgraded again in 2003 at a cost of S$52 million.
It was originally built in 1704 by Rowland Ellis, a Welsh Quaker, and was called Bryn Mawr, meaning high hill.
The shape of the pagoda is a copy of the Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon, Myanmar.
Rook Lane Chapel was a place of worship, and is now an arts centre, in Frome, Somerset, England.
Hardwood floors and oak balusters lead to the second-floor courtrooms.
It also has seven storey podium hosting a shopping mall.
Oxmoor was surveyed in 1774 and was the home of Sturgis Station fort by 1780, when it was granted to Col. William Christian.
Union Episcopal Church, also known as the English Church, is a historic church located on Old Church Road in Claremont, New Hampshire, in the United States.
Between 1927 and 1932, Elmslie designed seven structures for the college, of which several were built:
This was also a self-supporting gridshell, and was used as a temporary entrance canopy on the Pompidou Centre.
The house contains original wooden floors, a narrow winding staircase, a kitchen fireplace and bake oven, and a working outdoor well.
It was the largest inland fort built in the United States during the war.
Over the years various kings and their families have resided in the four different palaces.
This tourist train runs between the communities of Georgetown and Silver Plume, a distance of 2 miles.
Construction began in 1979 and it opened in July 1981 as the Vista International Hotel.
Adjacent to the house were Chamberlain's famous orchid houses.
The Chicago Area Consolidation Hub is a package sorting facility for United Parcel Service, located in the village of Hodgkins, Illinois.
It is located at 214 Justin Morrill Highway, south of the village green of Strafford.
Also during the 2007 summer, new furniture was placed in the basement and on floors one through three in the residents rooms.
It may be included in the National Historic Landmark district of Butte-Anaconda Historic District.
The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
See also the National Shrine of the Little Flower Catholic Church in Royal Oak, Michigan.
Over the years the toll road had ceased operation and the main road was moved south of the toll house.
It should not be confused with Thingwall Hall, a local stately home just a few minutes walk further south.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 6, 2004.
Nakheel Tower was a proposed skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates by developer Nakheel.
The development would have violated the 100 foot height limit imposed by the Delaware River Waterfront Corporation in their master plan.
It is currently owned by the Wentworth Woodhouse Preservation Trust.
The Samsung Tower Palace is a group of seven towers, lettered A-G.
The community achieved local historic designation in June 2013.
Some of the furnishings from the RMS Mauretania were installed in a bar/restaurant complex at the bottom of Park Street, initially called "Mauretania", now "Java".
It is now a museum owned by the Commonwealth of Virginia and open to the public.
It benefited from a major restoration in 2003.
Designed by architects Gollins, Melvin, Ward & Partners, construction of the tower started in 1961 and lasted four years.
In recent years, it has lost a great deal of its retail shops to suburban shopping centers.
The Siphnian Treasury was a building at the Ancient Greek cult centre of Delphi, erected to host the offerings of the polis, or city-state, of Siphnos.
The current business traces its roots to Roger 'Tom' Caplinger, who in the mid-1940s turned the old abandoned shop into Café Lafitte.
Regular events were held at the track until the late 1970s, when the parimutuel machines were taken out.
However, since the closure of the Wirral Museum in 2010, the future purpose of the Grade II* listed building is uncertain.
The 11-story former Harzfeld's Department Store and the former Boley Building were preserved, and have been integrated into the design of Town Pavilion.
Constructed in 1927, the station house is typical of the Moorish Revival architecture prevalent throughout the city of Opa-locka.
The V. R. Coss House is a historic house in Muskogee, Oklahoma.
The boilers began operation in 1907 and the lift station started to pump water from the Rio Grande.
Sleepy Hollow Cemetery is a cemetery located on Bedford Street near the center of Concord, Massachusetts.
The clubhouse is now home to the Keating Theater, the mainstage of Florida Studio Theatre.
The herons were first brought to the building in 1922, by former president Belisario Porras, at the suggestion of friend and famed Panamanian poet Ricardo Miro.
The Hollywood Sign is a landmark and American cultural icon located in Los Angeles, California.
The Arc de Triomphe du Carrousel is a triumphal arch in Paris, located in the Place du Carrousel.
It was also declared a National Historic Landmark on 7 November 1973.
Frederick Anson, Dean of Chester, born at the Anson family home Shugborough Hall.
As a result, Minto proposed building a single tall but slim tower, and city council approved the necessary rezoning.
Magdalene Tower is a landmark located at the highest point of the northern part of Drogheda, County Louth, in Ireland.
Built in the 1850s, it is one of the most opulent antebellum mansions to survive in the southeastern United States.
It may have served as a logistical and administrative centre, although it was abandoned in the 120s.
In LaGuardia Airport's overall terminal naming scheme, the Marine Air Terminal is called "Terminal A".
Buffavento stands between St. Hilarion Castle to the west and Kantara Castle to the east, all of which were built as a defense against Arab raids.
It has a ground to architectural top height of 161 metres, which is the basis of measuring tall buildings.
This is one of only five buildings in Chicago designed by Louis Sullivan that are still standing.
Its French language counterpart is the Maison Radio-Canada, located in Montreal.
The 1300 Lafayette East Cooperative is a large, 336 unit luxury housing cooperative in the Lafayette Park neighborhood of the near-east side of Detroit, Michigan.
The Staff care for the birds 365 days a year in the same tradition as the founders.
It originally occupied a small portion of Watson's 5,000-acre property on the lake, but pieces were later sold off and have been developed for other residences.
The former settlement is now a ghost town and state historic site.
721, a local Masonic body, and renamed the Cornwall Masonic Temple.
Nearby is Langley Hall Farm, which used to serve the hall.
The Starks Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
On July 22, 1999, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The building is located in the Foxtown neighborhood of Detroit.
The hall was sold by the Wedgwoods in the 19th century and is now part of a hotel.
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site preserves the location of Roanoke Colony, the first English settlement in the present-day United States.
Fort Matanzas National Monument was designated a United States National Monument on October 15, 1924.
In 1950 the library became the first library in the nation to put its own FM-radio station on the air—WFPL.
Bull, himself a stonemason by trade, decided upon arriving home to build a brick homestead.
The museum and the medieval remains are a tourist attraction.
It features an antenna that increases its height to 421 metres and is the 7th tallest freestanding tower in the world.
The Ogle County Courthouse was designed by Chicago architect George O. Garnsey in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture.
In 1824 its congregation formed as the first Episcopal and first Protestant church in Michigan Territory.
The Holy Cross College, however, remained tenant until 1961.
It is known by residents simply as "the Square".
It is the former head office of the State Bank of Victoria and Commonwealth Bank of Australia.
The current rector of the cathedral is the Reverend Gerald Dennis Gill.
The Litchfield Law School of Litchfield, Connecticut, was the first proprietary law school founded in the United States of America.
Following the destruction of the courthouse, the county was without a judicial building for a period during the 1840s.
SCB Park Plaza or Siam Commercial Bank Park Plaza is a high-rise building complex located on Ratchadaphisek Road in Chatuchak district Bangkok, Thailand.
Historian Jack Neely once wrote, "If suburban sprawl had a local name, it would be Kingston Pike."
It is the 20th largest mansion in the United States.
It can be cited as, "Records of Saint Vincent's Institution for the Insane, Missouri Historical Society, St. Louis".
13 in Hamden, Connecticut were listed separately on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and 1982, respectively.
This project created a gracious plaza, stone retaining wall, and wide steps approaching the summit from several sides for pedestrians.
It is sited on the north-facing slope of hills above the Allegheny River.
The American Legion had space in the basement.
On September 30, 1993, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
On the site of the Capitol Complex, in Tallahassee, Florida, US, are four very different buildings.
The foundation is buttressed at the corners to support the projecting log ends, a feature typical of Park Service designs of the era.
Opening in April 1964, the tower is located near the north bank of the Danube River in the district of Donaustadt.
The building's unique design led to it being prominently featured in a cover image of a 1984 issue of National Geographic.
The ferry was often used in the 19th century by Kentucky farmers bringing their product to market in Cincinnati.
It is a few hundred yards walking distance from a small parking area on Thompson Road.
In 1738, one of Levy's children died.
Sometimes called "The Jewel on the Lake", Graycliff is sited on a bluff overlooking Lake Erie with sweeping views of downtown Buffalo and the Ontario shore.
The original  2 1⁄2-storey building was started in 1829 and finished in 1832 from a design by John Ewart and W. W. Baldwin.
On August 18, 2004, the U.S. Department of the Interior designated the house a National Historic Landmark.
Fort Schuyler was built here in 1712.
The Rogersville Historic District is a historic district in Rogersville, Tennessee, the county seat of Hawkins County.
It was built as part of a complex during the Zand dynasty and is named after Karim Khan, and served as his living quarters.
It has since reopened, with three smaller theaters adjacent to the main one.
In 2004 it was expanded to its current boundaries.
It is one of a series of small banks designed by Louis Sullivan in the Midwest between 1909 and 1919.
Esquire Tower, also known as Esquire Plaza, is a 322 foot 248,816 square foot office building in downtown Sacramento, California.
On October 22, 1998, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Coffman Memorial Union is a student union on the Minneapolis campus of the University of Minnesota, United States.
However, Jerusalem already had been, from Biblical times, the capital of the Kingdom of Judah, whose emblem was a lion.
The site of the fort was flooded in 1967 by the reservoir Lake Pateros due to the construction of Wells Dam.
Exterior features of the Gothic Revival structure include lancet windows, pointed arch doorways and vertical board and batten sheathing.
The four-level facility will undergo a transformation to create a central public space for the CALU campus.
The park includes a lake, a lodge, bridges, trails, courts and a public amphitheater.
It is part of Cultural Monuments of Great Importance.
Its monumental distyle-in-antis doorway is particularly notable.
The estate also offers tours of the estate and gardens.
Pricing for a home usually cost around $1,577.00 to $2,049.00 from 1917-1918.
It was designed by Dankmar Adler and Louis Sullivan in the Palazzo style and built between 1890 and 1891.
Engineers and astronauts developed hardware and practiced procedures in this tank from its completion in 1968 through its decommissioning in 1997.
Since then, the center has been used exclusively for the care and treatment of persons with developmental disabilities.
There is a proposal to establish a 50-bed medical college at CRB and up-grade the existing Railway Hospital to 250 beds.
The adjoining cemetery has gravestones of historical interest.
The Alta Vista Terrace District is a historic district in the Lake View community of Chicago, Illinois.
Meeting in the Senate Chamber, the Provisional Constitution of the Confederate States was drawn up by the Montgomery Convention on February 4, 1861.
The clock was not added to the building until 1996.
Kings County Savings Bank is a New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission-designated building in the Williamsburg, Brooklyn section of New York City.
The building was designed by architects McKissack & McKissack in Moderne style.
It was the home of Showtime at the Apollo, a nationally syndicated television variety show which showcased new talent, from 1987 to 2008, encompassing 1,093 episodes.
It was later demolished to construct the current Jacksonville Main Library.
In 1915 he bought a 3-acre lot on the former site of the Pabst Whitefish Bay Resort, a beer garden resort which was established in 1888.
Its largest tenant today is law firm Morrison & Foerster LLP, one of the original tenants when the building first opened.
The name refers to two nearby sites, the Louvre museum and the Place du Carrousel.
The building was completed in 1931 to be the headquarters for the Texas Federation of Women's Clubs, with assistance from local philanthropist Clara Driscoll.
Since the bankruptcy of Woodward's in 1993 the building remained vacant except for a housing occupation in 2002 that initiated the redevelopment process.
Joseph Ferris House is a registered historic building in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on June 30, 1975.
Beginning in 1989, the lobby was restored to the original Wright design.
The building was a hub of union organizing and work activities and a "primary center for the city's historic labor community for over half a century."
The High Street Commercial Block is a miniature historic district in downtown Hamilton, Ohio, United States.
The Bosmal City Center was the project of Bosnian firm Bosmal, created in 2001 by the Šabanović Brothers.
On January 4, 2008, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church and Parochial School.
Frist Campus Center is a focal point of social life at Princeton University.
Finished in 1987, it is 248 meters tall and has 75 floors, with a total area of 359,000 square feet.
On February 19, 1982 the building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Parts of a home movie showing Lennon at Kenwood were featured in the film Imagine: John Lennon.
The building has been planned as a mixed-use development, which would include a hotel.
The Jane Ross Reeves Octagon House Foundation's President, Darrell Deck is the source of the information above.
Construction was completed in 1988 and it became synonymous with Australian Bicentenary and World Expo '88 Brisbane.
Admission charges were 75 cents for gentlemen and 40 cents for ladies.
was sent on May 24, 1844, from Washington, D.C., using Samuel F. B. Morse's invention.
At the time of its completion, the sanctuary was Knoxville's largest church auditorium, seating 1,600.
Approximately 30 ball courts have been identified and many have been restored to their original state.
Throughout 2009, the building was occupied by various city offices while renovations were being completed on the existing Medford city hall building.
Specifically, floors 2-7 are flats and lofts, and floors 8-49 are condo units.
On 15 November 2013, the Ashford Designer Outlet confirmed plans to almost double in size.
Riverside Plaza is composed of six buildings and has 1,303 residential units, making it the main feature of the city's Cedar-Riverside neighborhood.
The Kennedy Mining Company was formed in 1860 when he and three partners began digging shafts near today's mine property entrance.
The CZ-5B variant will fly around 2018.
The Torre Bicentenario was a skyscraper project planned for construction in Mexico City.
It held its opening dedication on September 30, 1971.
Three generations of the Boyd family lived at The Oaks, from 1853 until 1960.
She remarried and lived to the age of 102, leaving 335 direct descendants.
Most of these houses were concentrated in inner-city areas such as Ladywood, Handsworth, Aston, Small Heath and Highgate.
Later that year, "The Jazz Singer," featuring Al Jolson, became the first stand-alone talkie shown in the city.
At the Battle of Apple River Fort, a firefight of about an hour ensued, with Black Hawk's forces eventually withdrawing.
Built in 1665, it is noted as an extremely rare example of Jacobean architecture in the New World.
Tours were offered by the Clinton Birthplace Foundation.
Princess Ljubica's Residence is located in Belgrade, in the street kneza Sime Markovica 8.
The district was entered on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
"Barncastle", also known as Kline Cottage, is a historic house, now an inn and restaurant, at 125 South Street in Blue Hill, Maine, United States.
An earthquake in 1886 toppled the walls of the main house and north wing.
There is also a lounge and revolving restaurant at the top of the tower that provides panoramic views of the city.
One Kansas City Place is considered an architectural salute to City Hall, which is located 5 blocks east of Main on 12th Street.
India Tower is a cancelled 126-storey, 718-metre supertall skyscraper that began construction in the city of Mumbai, India, in 2010.
Stonecutters is more eclectic and a more relaxing atmosphere.
By 1878 the facttory employed 400 men and produced 1000 tons of galvanised iron sheet a month.
However, they were turned down by the council and opposed by local residents.
The fort was named in honor of Major General Philip Schuyler of the Continental Army.
The house is a notable surviving example of a late eighteenth century double-pen long house.
The building's design is similar to that of the 33 South Sixth building in Minneapolis.
The original courthouse, built in 1807, was a small structure made of stone.
The Caramoor Summer Music Festival is held there every summer.
Herbert von Karajan described the hall as "a jewel box of sound".
The Starks Building is mixed use, with retail, dining and office space.
The Albert Lea Art Center was formerly located in the Bessessen.
The Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts is a museum and art school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
It qualified for inclusion on the Register both because of its distinctive historic architecture and because of its place in local history.
They are owned by the Kenmore Group, who acquired the estate from Chelsfield.
High-end condos make up the rest of the building.
A fire attributed to vandalism destroyed many of its buildings the next year.
Over time they have become landmarks on the campus and are considered two of the most prestigious dorms to live in.
The Hallidie Building's balconies and fire escapes were deemed unsafe by the City of San Francisco's Department of Building Inspection in August 2010.
It is a 31-storey office tower, reaching 132 metres at its roof, with each level approximately 4 metres in height.
The shifting of Montreal's commercial core to the north-west, and the onset of the economic depression of the 1930s, proved disastrous for Place Viger.
It is the head office for Workplace Safety & Insurance Board.
The Effingham County Courthouse was started in 1870 and completed in 1871 at a cost of roughly $30,000.
Developed between 1886 and 1953, the three historic neighborhoods stretch from Mopac Expressway east to Lamar Boulevard, and from 13th Street north to 35th Street.
The armoury is named for George Taylor Denison III, a Canadian Militia commander, judge and Toronto alderman.
It has a 50-bell carillon and three pipe organs, one with 5,033 pipes and another with 6,900 pipes.
The fort is on the shore of Lake Borgne just north of the mouth of Bayou Yscloskey.
It is located at 420 Walnut Street between S. 4th and S. 5th Streets in the Old City, Philadelphia neighborhood of Philadelphia.
It was the home of statesman John Jay, first Chief Justice of the United States.
The Waucantuck Mill Complex was a mill complex in Uxbridge, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
It was added to the Drake Court Historic District, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 4, 2014.
Designed by architect Alfred Waterhouse, the town hall was completed in 1877.
The property was acquired by the Rockpoint Group in February 2017 for US$287.5 million.
On March 26, 1917, the Metropolitans defeated the Montreal Canadiens at the arena, becoming the first American team to win the Stanley Cup.
During that time, he grew from a 7-year-old boy to a 21-year-old man.
It runs mostly north-south through the southeastern corner of the town, near the Putnam Valley town line.
The Kennedy Compound consists of three houses on six acres of waterfront property on Cape Cod along Nantucket Sound in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts, United States.
There is Jacobean work in choir stalls and organ screen.
Arvfurstens palats is a palace located at Gustav Adolfs Torg in central Stockholm.
The Fitger's Brewing Company brewed beer from 1881 to 1972, making it Duluth's oldest continually-operating industry.
This Chicago School building was built in 1925.
Artscape Theatre Centre is the main performing arts centre in Cape Town, South Africa.
The Chautauqua Institution Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was further designated a National Historic Landmark.
Randy's is represented by a giant doughnut on the roof of an otherwise ordinary drive-in that is a dedicated doughnut bakery.
Ohio Bell had been at Michigan Avenue from 1890-1927, then they built the Huron Road complex from 1927–64, and moved to the Erieview Tower from 1964-83.
The Loveland Block, named for pioneer William A.H. Loveland, once served as the territorial capitol building of Colorado.
Atrium is a large 1,000,000 square-foot retail and office complex in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
It was designed by Jung/Brannen Associates and Robinson Green Beretta Architects.
King Homestead is a log home located in Cottontown, Sumner County, Tennessee.
Theodore Roosevelt and many others visited Burroughs in the study.
It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
The Murphree Area complex is named for Albert A. Murphree, the second president of the university, who served from 1909 to 1927.
It is named in honor of philanthropist Donald Bren and hosts the university's Bren School of Environmental Science & Management.
After negotiating with the Esopus Indians, this small group of Huguenots settled on a flat rise on the banks of the Wallkill River in 1678.
The home has 10,000 square feet of space.
Ras El Tin Palace is a palace on the coast of the Mediterranean Sea in Alexandria, Egypt.
In 2000 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Castle of Mey is located in Caithness, on the north coast of Scotland, about 6 miles west of John o' Groats.
Though the farmhouse is a museum, the 17th generation of the Patursson Family, which has occupied it since 1550, is still living here.
He was the fourth son of Colonel Joseph and Rebekah Lanier Williams.
From 1889 to 1906 two new blocks were added, approached by iron staircases that are still in use.
The cloister type porch graces the main entries which are flanked by triple arched leaded-glass windows.
The house was built in 1894 by Frank Lloyd Wright for Robert W. Roloson.
The Senedd, also known as the National Assembly building, houses the debating chamber and three committee rooms for the National Assembly for Wales in Cardiff.
The main facade incorporates a brise soleil.
The studs of the house are 4"x4" square cypress, which were hand-hewn.
St. Mary Catholic Church is a Catholic parish in the city of Mt.
On November 29, 1995, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It is purported to be the repository of a Marian weeping Icon.
Rathfarnham Castle is a 16th-century fortified house in Rathfarnham, South Dublin, Ireland.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter sublet the building to Tube Lines.
The Maurice Crumpacker House is the former residence of Maurice E. Crumpacker, a popular Oregon attorney and United States Congressman in the 1920s.
The amenity centre is located in the town centre of Sengkang New Town.
Marywil was a large commercial centre and a palace in Warsaw, occupying roughly the place where the Grand Theatre stands today.
The original governor's mansion for Alabama was occupied from 1911 until 1950, when the current mansion was acquired.
The palace, together with other elements of Warsaw Old Town, is one of Poland's official national Historic Monuments, as designated September 16, 1994.
The tower could support other 25 floors if needed, though it is not planned to do so.
The headquarters of Mori Building Company are located in this building.
Among the historic buildings is a 20th-century barn that houses 5 replica Durham Boats.
The Pettit Chapel is located in the Belvidere Cemetery in Belvidere, Illinois, United States, which is in Boone County.
The building has had a succession of other owners and tenants since that time.
It is situated on the corner of Albert and Charlotte Streets.
The house and attached buildings were sold in 2010.
The Neoclassical house was destroyed in August of the following year, but it remains on the Register.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt personally approved the design.
The building was converted to use as a laser gun combat-game zone and assault course called the Lazerzone.
Also on the grounds is an American basswood, which the cemetery claims to be the largest in the world.
Designed by prolific Nevada architect Frederic Joseph DeLongchamps, the building was originally intended to be a two-story structure but financial considerations limited it to one story.
Construction of the tower began in 2006 and the tower was finished on September 18, 2008.
The Paul Revere House was the colonial home of American patriot Paul Revere during the time of the American Revolution.
Local youths began fixing the station up for use as a teen center, but they failed to finish the project.
On April 18, 2012, the AIA's Florida Chapter placed it on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years.
The Childs Building had been 12 storeys above ground, and 48.62 metres tall.
The 101st floor of the skyscraper will feature a club lounge, restaurant and a Rock Shop merchandise store.
The mansion is located adjacent to the Susquehanna River and flooding has proven to be a significant hazard.
The Salt Lake City and County Building, usually called the "City-County Building", is the seat of government for Salt Lake City, Utah.
In 1989, the building was praised by the Urban Land Institute, who honored it with their Award for Excellence in Large Scale Office Development.
The design of the building, by architect Kenzo Tange, has many symbolic touches, most notably the aforementioned split which re-creates the look of a Gothic cathedral.
Constructed in 1907 of white marble in the Neo-classical style, it has been the scene of a number of famous trials.
The redevelopment will include the restoration and preservation of the neolithic Calderstones.
It is located at 98 Yanping South Road in the Ximending neighborhood of the Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The front section measures 48 feet by 38 feet and has a two-story, shed roofed rear wing.
Key to its historic designation is its place as one of the area's few remaining examples of 19th-century suburban house complexes.
The Romanesque church building was built in 1902.
This includes materials from the first European settlement through the year 1876.
The residence is surrounded by several other buildings which form the La Moncloa Complex.
It is also a tehsil of Hyderabad district, Telangana, India.
It began life as a busy commercial and industrial area just to the west of the central city.
It is listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture and is open to the public.
The resort has been in operation for nearly one hundred years.
1250 Poydras Plaza, is a high-rise international-style office building located at 1250 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana.
The complex includes the large two-story, "L"-shaped timber frame mill and two associate dwellings.
Separately, there is a 33-story luxury residential high-rise at 5000 Town Center.
All of the school property, known as the Carlisle Barracks, is now a part of the U.S. Army War College.
A notable early success was the Picasso exhibition in March to May 1995 named Picasso's Croydon Period.
The ride ceased operations in 1964, when the park shut down for good.
South Bank Tower is a high-rise building in Stamford Street, Southwark, London.
The Willms Ranch, a California Landmark near the town, was one of many filming locations for the television series Bonanza and Little House on the Prairie.
Three buildings compose the block: the old Second National Bank Building, the Howell-Sohngen Building, and McCrory's.
In 1973 DEC took it over and converted it to its present use.
Groundbreaking took place in 1911 and construction was completed in 1913.
His investigations are among the first contributions to the West's knowledge of the natural and human history of the region."
The site was developed as a roadside park along Minnesota State Highway 95 in the 1930s.
It contains the 1st Duke's collection of paintings, porcelain, the silver centrepiece made for the Duke in Portugal, c. 1815, sculpture and furniture.
The home is located at 311 Manitou Street in Northfield, Minnesota, United States.
The Jerome Park Reservoir is a reservoir located in Jerome Park, a neighborhood in the North Bronx, New York City.
San Francisco City Hall is the seat of government for the City and County of San Francisco, California.
Dinkelberg was also the associate designer to Daniel Burnham for the Flatiron Building in New York City.
The gardens were founded in 1893 by steel and real-estate magnate Henry Phipps as a gift to the City of Pittsburgh.
After upcoming renovations Colston Hall will open with a new name.
1700 Pacific is a skyscraper located at 1700 Pacific Avenue in the City Center District of Dallas, Texas.
It is located at Bukit Timbalan in Johor Bahru, Malaysia.
The Mytishchi Water Conduit was built between 1779 and 1804 and ended near the Sukharev tower to dispense water.
463 West Street is a 13 building complex located on the block between West Street, Washington Street, Bank Street, and Bethune Street in Manhattan, New York.
It served for a time as a rooming house thereafter before undergoing restoration in the 1960s.
The play equipment includes a water run, swings, and some spinning Kompan play structures for older children.
The building, also known as Savage-Mendenhall-Seth House, has been used as both a hotel and residence.
The site includes exhibits, a restored 1850s Navy Yard and Commandant's House, outdoor signs, and guided and self-guided tours.
The Seraya is a historical building in Nazareth, Israel.
Sorin Hall is, along with other building on the Main Quad of Notre Dame, on the National Register of Historic Places.
The park is one of nine sites that make up the Camden Expedition Sites, a National Historic Landmark District.
The Russell Street Police Headquarters was the site of the Russell Street Bombing in 1986.
The Andrews Memorial Chapel is an historic Carpenter Gothic style former Presbyterian church building now located at 1899 San Mateo Drive in Dunedin, Florida.
The property of William Cobb, the original residence at Rocky Mount served as the territorial capital from 1790 to 1792.
He published a small volume on the building before demolition, which is richly illustrated: The Richfield Building 1928-1968.
The Long Island Motor Parkway, also known as the Vanderbilt Parkway and Motor Parkway, was a parkway on Long Island, New York, in the United States.
Each of the pavilions is topped by a gable roof and cupola, the largest cupola being on the central pavilion.
The building has in excess of 100,000 sqft of existing net office space, six lifts, basement storage, and a double height floor at the top.
The center is known for its artist-created bathrooms.
The Warwick New York is a luxury hotel located at 65 West 54th Street, near Sixth Avenue in Manhattan, New York City.
The Clocktower is the tower of the Town Hall.
A project to replace the cathodic protection system began in February 2014.
The edges of all bodies are rounded.
However, many of the newer buildings on the campus remain.
This granted it protection from demolition, however, 84 Plymouth Grove slowly descended into a state of disrepair due to neglect.
On September 29, 1978, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as United Methodist Church.
Edwin Warner Park and Percy Warner Park, collectively known as Warner Parks, are two major public parks in Nashville, Tennessee.
The original house was a priory grange for the monks of Bath Abbey adjacent to the Church of St Catherine.
It is named after the company who built it and is headquartered there, Alex S. Palmer & Company.
Rated "outstanding" by an architectural survey in 1978, it is the only rowhouse of its type in Cincinnati, due to its well-preserved Victorian architecture.
The 1-million-square-foot building offers two restaurants and approximately 33,000 square feet of conference space.
The National Historic Landmark sits at an elevation of 5,960 feet, within the Mount Hood National Forest and is accessible through the Mount Hood Scenic Byway.
The tower is bounded by Mission Street and 3rd Street, and is operated by St. Regis Hotels & Resorts.
It is the oldest house in Connecticut and the oldest stone house in New England.
With sixty storeys, and 300 metres high, the building was the tallest tower in Kuwait until the construction of Al Hamra Tower in 2011.
A gymnasium, built of lodgepole pine, was added in 1936, being built by the Works Progress Administration.
In 1937, the Savage Garden was damaged by a tornado, and remained in a state of disrepair for several years.
The facility took its name from the Liberty Township community of Bethany, which was about two miles north of the facility.
The museum is housed in the former Alabama Great Southern Railroad depot in downtown Bessemer.
It was then rebuilt by the Lusignans in the thirteenth century after being destroyed in the earthquake of 1222.
Administratively, it is located in the Kalasan District of Sleman Regency.
The building was ready to be occupied by the county government in early 1891.
At the time, it had the fastest lifts in Europe, running at up to 6.5 metres per second.
The Fort Ancient culture people, whose society was based on agriculture, would have planned rituals around a solar calendar.
He was 14 at the time his father purchased the company, and had worked as a Watkins salesman for many years.
The structure resembles a High Medieval Italian monastery.
Glenkerry House is a housing block on the Brownfield Estate in Poplar, London designed by the studio of the controversial Brutalist architect Ernő Goldfinger.
The ensuing Watergate scandal, named for the complex, led to Nixon's resignation on August 9, 1974.
Currently, the acclaimed GableStage Theater operates out of the Biltmore Hotel.
It was planned to open the hotel in 2012, the centenary of Kim Il-sung's birth, but this did not happen.
Clifton was named because of its hilly location on the Ohio River valley escarpment.
During the 1930s, St. Joseph's Home for the Aged served as a refuge for those who fled from the Japanese invasion in China.
The building is connected to the Stockholm Police House through an underground pedestrian walkway.
Its decorative sculptures are considered some of the high points of Greek art.
The Transmitter Solt is a transmission facility for 540 kHz MW near Solt, Hungary.
The south wing, which contained a library, was burned soon after it was built due to a defect in the heating system.
Today the building houses the Department of Communication, Women's and Gender Studies, and the Special Degrees Program.
Both the observation deck and the restaurant were closed in October 2004.
It is located in the Karpoš municipality of Skopje.
Six years later, in 1988, the Miglin-Beitler Skyneedle was proposed for construction on the same lot, adjacent to Madison Plaza.
Necarne Castle, also known as Castle Irvine, is a Victorian castle near Irvinestown in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.
Five Penn Center is a 36-story highrise in downtown Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
The interior of the building is mainly taken up by a large two-story auditorium, with the stage at the rear.
also frequently refer to the club as "The Glorious Tiger Inn."
St Paul's Tower and St Paul's View is an upscale residential development completed in April 2011 in the city centre of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
The building has approximately 766,000 square feet of Class A office space.
It was built approximately 1790 and provided a stopover for travelers on the Goshen Turnpike due to its location midway between Bloomingburg and Goshen.
About 1839, Paul Curtis greatly enlarged the house and gave it the two-story Ionic portico.
The tour was depicted on the concert film PopMart: Live from Mexico City.
The National Trust owns the surrounding parkland, which is also open to the public.
The George Peabody House Museum is a historic house museum at 205 Washington Street in Peabody, Massachusetts.
It occupies the oldest church building in Gallatin in continuous existence.
But Moscow authorities preferred a more "solid" type of tower which was eventually built.
This trail is accessible to bicyclists and hikers.
When he died in 1928, he left the bulk of a $300,000 estate to the university.
The construction was supervised by architects Algimantas Nasvytis and Vytautas Nasvytis.
According to a historic site webpage, it was built by Luther Willis Tilden, the son of Luther Fuller Tilden.
German and Italian prisoners-of-war were assigned here during World War II for medical treatment and as laborers.
Public access is allowed to this National Historic Landmark.
The film was shot at a time when the hotel was in a state of abandoned disrepair, and featured long camera shots and eerily shot angles.
Three years later, a new town supervisor, Carl Zatz, initiated a project to renovate and expand the building.
In 1915, the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, one of the first groups specializing in African-American studies, was founded at the YMCA.
With its establishment in March 1933, Morristown became the country's first National Historical Park.
Both buildings and an 18th-century warehouse are owned by the Wentworth Lear Historic Houses and are operated as a house museum.
St. John's is a good representative of a small group of American churches inspired by Hopkins' book.
Admiral Entertainment, LLC manages the movie house.
Within the district two of Woodstock's other Registered Places can be found, Woodstock Opera House and the Old McHenry County Courthouse.
The Château du Clos Lucé is a small château in the city of Amboise, France.
On November 28, 1980, its boundaries increased, and today it is one of the world's premier historic restorations.
Since March 1961, the Xi'an City Wall is a heritage National Historical and Cultural Town.
It was also the tallest building in Malaya during the pre-Merdeka era.
Additional historic images of the Dallas National Bank building are available through the Dallas Public Library dating back to 1927.
Its current location is the third location in downtown in over 140 years.
In addition to making its own products, the company is also an importer of products made elsewhere.
Charles de Gaulle Plaza is a "class A" office building in the Charles de Gaulle Square, Bucharest, Romania.
For other places of worship named Advent, see Church of the Advent.
He is also known for having constructed Gen. Washington's headquarters at Newburgh, NY.
In the 19th century, it became a stop on tourist routes of the area.
It grew so rapidly that it incorporated as the Village of Rondout in 1849.
The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
St. Mary's Episcopal Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery at 258 Concord Street, in the village of Newton Lower Falls, Newton, Massachusetts.
The second church on this site was built in 1817-18, and the extravagance of the building provoked a secession from the congregation by Rev.
It is located in the Civic Center district of downtown Los Angeles in the city block bounded by Main, Temple, First, and Spring streets.
Red Rocks Park was also the site of the Start and Finish line of The Amazing Race 9 which aired in the spring of 2006.
The location has been rehabilitated and is now shared between the Children's Hospital Oakland Research Institute and the North Oakland Senior Center.
He is the eponym of Henry Bain sauce.
The building originally belonged to Juan Genoply.
Plant species found in the garden include Japanese Umbrella Pine, Chinese Pistache, Jack-in-the-Pulpit, and Dwarf Crested Iris.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
While the power plant only lasted a year, it provided a model for future electification efforts in Newman.
Construction began in 1999 and was completed in 2002.
When it was built, it was the fourth-tallest tower in the world.
The Mayor's office is located in the Civic Centre.
A new house was built on this property, as the country villa of Mr. & Mrs. Jonathan Prescott Hall.
The palace was designed by architect Aleksandar Đorđević, in a neo-Palladian manner inspired by the 18th century English houses such as Ditchley Park.
In 1965 the chapel merged with the Zion Chapel and Rook Lane eventually closed in 1968.
Designed by Thomas R. Kimball and built in 1907, the building is the last remnant of Downtown Omaha's Jobbers Canyon.
The building was later the head office of the Banco Central, then of the Banco Santander Central Hispano.
Its design is said to be "representative of Edbrooke's smooth exterior wall interpretation of the Richardsonian Romanesque style."
Neuschwanstein Castle is a nineteenth-century Romanesque Revival palace on a rugged hill above the village of Hohenschwangau near Füssen in southwest Bavaria, Germany.
Russell Street crosses Sumner Brook nearby and ascends to a large residential district to the west.
Starting in 1878, they erected the core of the present structure at that location; it would later be expanded in 1886, 1890, and 1906.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 for having local significance in the themes of architecture and commerce.
One Nashville Place is a skyscraper in Nashville, Tennessee located on Fourth Avenue and Commerce Street.
The home's location was home to a tavern as early as 1795.
Since then, various government ministries have used the building.
The hall is located southeast of Sheffield, and north of Renishaw village, which is northeast of Chesterfield.
[*- later misspelled "Epaproditus" Bull, by local-historians.]
Construction began in the mid-19th century; the tower was added in the 1910s.
Many Aberdonians consider Marischal College to be an icon of the "Granite City" and to symbolise the zenith of Aberdeen's granite-working industry.
Potter's Mill is a restaurant and bed and breakfast establishment located in Bellevue, Iowa.
They include former Michigan Secretary of State Richard H. Austin, Congressman John Conyers, several City of Detroit Council members, local judges, and several Wayne County Commissioners.
It was originally built as the Hotel Dorobanti in 1976, but was gutted and rebuilt in 2001 as the Howard Johnson Grand Plaza Hotel Bucharest.
Cruceta del Vigía is a 100-foot-tall cross located atop Vigia Hill in Ponce, Puerto Rico, across from Museo Castillo Serrallés.
To commemorate the dead, the Shaheed Minar was designed and built by Bangladeshi sculptors Hamidur Rahman in collaboration with Novera Ahmed.
It originally housed the first bank in Barnsdall, which was originally named Bigheart, Oklahoma.
Located at 445 East 42nd Street in the Grand Boulevard community area of Chicago Illinois, the building was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
Britannia announced in 2015 their intention to sell the building opening up the possibility of redevelopment after nearly 30 years of dereliction.
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
The landing site is on the ninth hole near the pond.
The Second Floor contains offices for Architecture, as well as studio space.
Solomon Weaver, the first president, and was named after U.S.
The London Mills Bridge was one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County, Illinois listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Fort Lawton was a United States Army post located in the Magnolia neighborhood of Seattle, Washington overlooking Puget Sound.
Augustus Lutheran Church is a historic church and Lutheran congregation at 717 West Main Street in Trappe, Pennsylvania.
The barn features a display of antique farm machinery and implements, and is open to visitors seasonally.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Alabama.
Built in 1900, this Late Victorian wood frame church was the first to be built in the Naskeag Point area.
The school was officially opened in March 1922 and is the only residential boarding school in New South Wales to have no day students.
The fountain is named for its donor, Henry Probasco, a Cincinnati resident who also gave the city the Tyler Davidson Fountain.
The building features some elevators which stop on every third floor to promote employee interaction and health.
Built circa 1840, the stone house is one of the oldest in Wisconsin.
Kellie's Castle is situated beside the Raya River, which is a tributary to the Kinta River.
On May 13, 1982, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Most likely, this corrupting process merely represented the simplification of a word.
In 2014 the law firm of BakerHostetler announced that it would move its headquarters to the building, taking up several floors being vacated by KeyCorp.
Two more buildings are planned for the site to complete the complex, the McLaren Applied Technology Centre and the McLaren-GSK Technology Centre.
The hall was owned by the Manchester Corporation.
It is currently a privately operated tourist attraction.
Originally named Elephant Bazaar, Lucy was built to promote real estate sales and attract tourists.
Constructed between 1877-79, the hall was designed by Paul J. Pelz and John L. Smithmeyer, prominent architects who also built the Library of Congress.
Corbett's widow kept a cow on the grounds at one time while a major city grew around it.
Mount Pleasant also contains graves of members of the Kinney, Ballantine, and Frelinghuysen families.
The Old Bradford County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Starke, Florida.
Shugborough Hall is a stately home near Great Haywood, Staffordshire, England.
It is located at 126 Phillip Street in the north-eastern end of the central business district, across the road from Chifley Tower.
Situated in the Guindalera quarter of the district of Salamanca, it was inaugurated on June 17, 1931.
The building is 585 feet tall, and has 50 floors with only 200 units, making it an exclusive address.
On September 12, 1985, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
On 3rd April 2017, Selina Cartmell became Director of the Gate.
On May 17, 2004, the tower's name was officially changed to the current moniker.
Built in 1843, this three-story building is distinguished by architectural elements such as a mansard roof, third-story dormer windows, and a large wrap-around verandah porch.
Its construction began before 1264 by order of Přemysl Otakar II.
The Burnsed Blockhouse is a historic site originally located north of Sanderson, Florida, United States, off Jacksonville Road.
Q1 is a supertall skyscraper in Surfers Paradise, on the Gold Coast, Queensland.
Spiegel Grove was declared a National Historic Landmark on January 29, 1964.
The Russell Company Upper Mill is an historic structure in Middletown, Connecticut, built in 1836 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Although the tallest building in Yorkshire, it is not the tallest structure.
In 1914, the church absorbed members of the then-defunct Central Baptist Church, soon growing to almost 500 members.
The European Central Bank is seated at the East end of Frankfurt.
The church has twelve Gothic pointed arch windows; each window has an oval stained glass pattern depicting a religious scene.
In 1858 the Sisters of Charity founded St. Vincent's Sanitarium for those with nervous and mental diseases.
Mason School is located at 1012 South 24th Street in south Omaha, Nebraska, United States.
The park consists of a city block containing a natural basin whose sides slope inward to form an amphitheater with a bandstand at its center.
The main house, built in c. 1750 and expanded several times through the 1850s, was purchased by Haverford Township in 1974.
Recreational facilities include a swimming pool, Handball court, gymnasium, bowling alley, and a pool hall.
The Operation Skyshield tests showed that only about one-fourth of enemy bombers would have been intercepted.
The interior retains many eighteenth century features.
Later the building was expanded due to growing needs.
The complex is known as Commerce Place.
The district is bounded by Seventh Street on the north and Tenth Street on the south.
The building sits on the former footprint of the old Greys department store, torn down by PJ Murray Haulage in the 1980s.
The American National Bank Building at 1330 Main Street in Sarasota, Florida, United States is a historic bank.
The Kirkland family lived at Ayr Mount for four generations, with the last Kirkland, Mrs. Samuel Kirkland, residing at Ayr Mount until 1985.
Its standing as a hotel, however, could not last indefinitely, and after a period of time the Union Hotel and Cafe closed.
It includes a retail level as well as the main branch of the Moncton Public Library.
Glendale National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located near the city of Richmond, in Henrico County, Virginia.
The structure was erected in 1926 when two Orangeville banks merged to form the People's State Bank.
The oldest part of the main house, Wave Hill House, dates back to 1843; Glyndor House dates from 1927 and contains a multi-room art gallery.
The library is now known as the Orange City Library, and is part of the Deltona Region of the Volusia County Public Library.
It was the country home of investment financier and philanthropist Otto Hermann Kahn and his family.
The house is sheltered from the street on the west side by raising the living quarters above the ground level.
The Royal Commonwealth Pool is a category-A-listed building in Edinburgh that houses one of Scotland's main swimming pools.
The genre received its impetus from the publication by Alexander Jackson Davis, Rural Residences and from detailed plans and elevations in publications by Andrew Jackson Downing.
The building is located at 527 Marquette Avenue.
It was the 4th tallest building in the world when its construction was completed in 2010.
It is one of the most famous Gothic churches in central Europe and it is a UNESCO world heritage site.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 1, 1985.
Detachment 2, 33rd Communications Group at March AFB, ran the site until its inactivation in 1986.
The Sarasota Woman's Club is a historic woman's club in Sarasota, Florida.
This list of tallest buildings in the United Arab Emirates ranks skyscrapers in the United Arab Emirates based on official height.
The church was established in 1677 in the town of New Utrecht, Brooklyn and is affiliated with the Reformed Church in America, a Protestant denomination.
The first light originally ran on oil.
Barre Circle is a small neighborhood in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
It is now the Lake Wales Cultural Center.
It was renamed in 2003, when Fifth Third Bank of Cincinnati relocated to the structure.
This was at the beginning of the 'rural cemetery movement'; Green Mount was Baltimore's first such rural cemetery and one of the first in the U.S.
The design [of the building] combines classically-inspired elements with the non-classical emphasis on lightness, openness, and verticality which characterizes cast-iron architecture.
The police station, 955 Boylston, was home to Boston Police Department Division 16 until 1976.
OneEleven stands 630 feet tall and has 504 units throughout its 60 stories.
It was a replacement to another station that was built in 1888 on a bluff overlooking South Point Reyes Beach.
The John Quincy Adams Birthplace is a historic house at 141 Franklin Street in Quincy, Massachusetts.
The tower is named after a medieval Curonian land, *Pilsāts, encompassing the area in which it is located.
The building sits on a triangular block formed by Fifth Avenue, Broadway, and East 22nd Street, with 23rd Street grazing the triangle's northern peak.
The Kettering Tower was built in 1970 and is currently the tallest building in the city.
It is located at 4370 Garden Road.
There is also a bus station at West Croydon with buses on the northbound corridor and the rest of the borough.
The grounds outside the capitol building contain artwork, fountains, and flora, including the state tree and state flower.
The Christchurch Convention Centre was New Zealand's only purpose-built Convention Centre.
On April 30, 2007, a chunk of marble fell off One Commerce Plaza, injuring three people.
Marycrest College Historic District is located on a bluff overlooking the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States.
Both towers contain building security, communications, and life-safety systems.
The Valhalla Cinema was a repertory and arthouse movie theatre in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Its space was taken over 1875-1880 by the St. Joseph Female College, founded in affiliation with the Baptist Church.
Little more than twenty years later, the congregation abandoned its old building, leaving it vacant until it was purchased by the present owners, a Pentecostal church.
Exhibiting the rustic richness and creativity of Hyderabad, it has captivated the imagination of visitors.
The building houses Super Radyo DZBB 594 AM, Barangay LS-FM 97.1, GMA-7, and GMA News TV-11.
St Michael on the Mount Without is a church on St Michael's Hill in Bristol, England, near the University.
It was still in his family's hands when it was designated an NHL almost two decades later.
LeConte is spelled variously as Le Conte or as Leconte.
The building itself is a popular attraction visited by thousands of tourists from all over the world every year.
It was her famliy's second home in Hartford.
After Goldsmith's time, it was converted from a single-family residence to a multi-family residence.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 2, 1970.
On June 3, 1994, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
For three months, John Lennon and Yoko Ono rented the flat, taking a photograph that would become the cover of their Two Virgins album.
The short, 34-par, nine-hole course was completed in 1926 and officially opened in 1928.
Construction started in 1937, and was terminated by the German invasion in 1941.
It is located at the East lawn of the Capitol, at the end of Capital Avenue.
It was built in 1870 by Henry Masters, with a rear extension being added in 1938 by WH Watkins.
The William Lowndes Yancey Law Office is located at the corner of Washington and Perry Streets in Montgomery, Alabama.
Some of its contents have also been acquired by the Trust in lieu of estate duty.
The Dancing House, or Fred and Ginger, is the nickname given to the Nationale-Nederlanden building on the Rašínovo nábřeží in Prague, Czech Republic.
The Tokeland Hotel is the oldest resort hotel in U.S. state of Washington.
It is located at 1776 Lightfoot Lane.
The building was architecturally created as a symbol of the evolution of technology and Asian tradition.
The town grew up around the Armstrong Academy.
The Medford Parks and Recreation Department, 541-774-2400, currently manages use of the facility.
Along with the 117-metre-tall Edificio de España, situated in the same plaza, they form an interesting architectural assembly.
Parts of the neoclassical buildings are used today as Crown Courts and as a military museum.
The investigation into the shooting death of James was conducted at Patee House Hotel.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
The original core and steelwork was completed in 1976.
The building supported the society's cultural and physical fitness activities.
The Peoria Marriott Pere Marquette, is a historic 14-story hotel in downtown Peoria, Illinois, United States.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Olivia Herbert founded the Institute in 1937.
In 1961 the school was moved to its current campus on Deer Isle.
The Hackensack Water Company was merged into United Water in the 1980s; the successor today is Suez North America.
Rancho Petaluma Adobe is the name of a historic ranch house built from adobe bricks by order of Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo.
The project was developed by the National Building Corporation of Tennessee.
Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall and Museum is a National Register of Historic Places landmark in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
The palace's Home Park is the site of the annual Hampton Court Palace Festival and Hampton Court Palace Flower Show.
Designed by Jones S. Davis, it was built on a site previously occupied by the Confederate Powderworks, and was completed in 1882.
Beaufort National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in Beaufort County, in the city of Beaufort, South Carolina.
The planned venue of all races, named matches, was Ryde, Isle of Wight.
The church is a contributing property of the Lahaina Historic District, designated a National Historic Landmark District on December 29, 1962.
The Lake Wales Museum and Cultural Center, also known as The Depot, is a local history museum located in the historic depot.
Diwang International Commerce Center is a 54-floor 276 meter tall skyscraper completed in 2006 located in Nanning, China.
In April, 2004, David Werner's investment group purchased the building.
The amphitheater is an award winning venue for concerts.
In 1967, the library more than doubled in size with the addition of the Keeler wing.
The New York Life Insurance Building is a 14 story building at 39 South LaSalle Street in the Loop neighborhood in Chicago, Illinois.
The design of the theater is based on the Orpheum Theatre, built by Rapp and Rapp in Champaign, Illinois in 1914.
The arches at the entrance rest on short columns with foliated capitals, a hallmark of the Richardsonian Romanesque style.
The remainder of the building had to be demolished by contractors due to safety reasons.
The building is 52 stories tall, making it the 28th-tallest in New York.
In 1934, landscape architect Ellen Biddle Shipman began to work with the Sterns on the designs of their gardens.
Oakmont Country Club is a country club in Plum and Oakmont, suburbs of Pittsburgh in western Pennsylvania.
Its purpose is to educate and entertain the people of Pittsburgh with formal gardens and various species of exotic plants.
Acclaimed British milliner Nick Smith resided at the hotel for several months in 2006 to write his début novel, "Rock Royalty: Diary of a Supermodel".
Craft planted over 100 different species of fruits on the farm and named it after the Roman goddess of fruit trees, Pomona.
The chapel has one of the finest original Tiffany windows in the country.
The tallest building in Dubai is the Burj Khalifa, which rises 828 metres and contains 161 floors.
61 Queen Charlotte Street is an historic house situated on Queen Charlotte Street in Bristol, England.
Torre Bicentenario II is a proposed skyscraper that could be built at the corner of Carretera Picacho-Ajusco and Periférico Sur, Tlalpan, in Mexico City.
Pusat Sains Negara or National Science Centre is a science centre in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
He came to California in about 1831 and served as Vice-Consul in San Francisco for the British government.
The tower has a total structural height of 260 m. Construction of the Vision Tower was completed in 2011.
It also housed the headquarters of Dayton Hudson Corporation from 1972 until 2001.
The Peotone Mill, formerly known as the Rathje Mill, is located in the village of Peotone, Illinois, which is in Will County, Illinois, United States.
On April 17, 1992 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Roudebush Farm is a historic farmstead located southeast of Harrison in northwestern Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.
The Vilnius TV Tower is a 326.5 m tower in the Karoliniškės microdistrict of Vilnius, Lithuania.
In 1945, Emmett and Mary McDivitt purchased the property.
The First Unitarian Church of Philadelphia is a Unitarian Universalist congregation located at 2125 Chestnut Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Chicago Place is a mixed-use high-rise on the 700 block of North Michigan Avenue in Chicago along the Magnificent Mile anchored by Saks Fifth Avenue.
Malbone Estate had some of the foremost gardens in North America during the 18th and 19th centuries.
It is the fourth tallest building in the city, the largest by floor area, and a focal point of the Financial District.
It is 106 feet tall and 6 feet in diameter.
The building, built as the Alcoa Building and completed in 1967, stands 121 m and has 25 floors of office space.
A bedroom has been created in the southeast corner, and a second-story loft added.
This emblematic tower was built in 1991 by the construction company Cubiertas y MZOV S.A. for the 1992 Summer Olympics.
The four-story building is steeped in local history and is a major landmark of the Bucks County area.
The building is a rijksmonument and is among the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites.
In 1983, a project was being considered to extend West River Parkway along the west side of the Mississippi River in downtown Minneapolis.
Unused bridge pilings still exist in the creek.
Phæno has enjoyed high attendance and broad public acceptance since its grand opening.
The two are located within the Leadville Historic District, which is itself a National Historic Landmark.
Since 1995, the building has been used as the hotel of the Treasury Casino.
The island is ten miles long and from one to three miles wide, located between St. Catherine's Sound and Sapelo Sound.
It is occupied by the Ernst & Young accounting firm.
Back to the Future, Basic Instinct, Raiders of the Lost Ark...... filled the house.
Boston Common is a central public park in downtown Boston, Massachusetts.
The reason for the change was due to the large quantity of buildings in Dubai Marina that had the word "Marina" in them.
The two railroads merged in 1967 to form the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad.
Among those moved to Linden Grove was Thomas Kennedy, one of the founders of Covington.
2005 AIA New England Region Honor Award
Olympia Fields is one of the few private clubs in the U.S. with multiple courses ranked, and it is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The first private sector lease was signed with investment banking firm Quarterdeck Investment Partners, Inc.
The wall was dismantled in 1874 and the stone used to build a dam on the Leona River.
The public square is located between the north-south 3rd and 4th Streets and between the east-west Main and Columbia Streets.
Despite its rounded appearance, the 13-story steel structure is actually 12-sided and measures four feet in diameter.
The church has served the people of Covington and Cincinnati, Ohio through wars and floods.
Historically, this is the third building to house the Michigan government.
The congregation was founded in 1743 during the "First Great Awakening".
The Italianate house was built in 1875 for Calendar Rohrbough, a local merchant and politician.
It is 90 metres tall and has 29 floors.
Governor-general Tamón, who was the Spanish ruler of the islands at the time made the following report:
The skyscraper, which was completed in 1989, is not connected physically to the other buildings.
The tower has a total structural height of 354.6 m and roof height of 311 m, making it the 41st-tallest building in the world.
Zagreb TV Tower was built in 1973.
The building now houses the university's comparative literature and theater arts departments, as well as the Robinson Theater.
Desde su inauguración ha estado ubicada en el mismo lugar: Boulevard 15 de septiembre y Calle General Miguel García Granados, actualmente 7a.
In another account, Jesse Russell and another brick mason were said to have boasted on their masonry skills.
And it became a place of private prayer for individuals of all faiths" 
The building was constructed in 1853 and operated continuously as a hotel until 1988.
The National Historical Museum of Brazil, was created in 1922, and possesses over 287,000 items, including the largest numismatic collection of Latin America.
40 Wall Street, also known as the Trump Building, is a 71-story neo-gothic skyscraper between Nassau Street and William Street in Manhattan, New York City.
The architect was W.A.Gibbon of the firm of Cruikshank and Seward.
It was designed by Stiles O. Clements and featured a black and gold Art Deco façade.
The Long Island City Courthouse complex is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and was designated a New York City landmark in 1976.
Prince Albert designed the house himself in the style of an Italian Renaissance palazzo.
Jediah Hill Covered Bridge is a registered historic structure near Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on March 28, 1973.
Bishop Hill Colony is a historic district in Bishop Hill, Illinois.
It was acquired by the Trust in 1957 and restored over the next few years.
For the 1870 construction, the builder was Simeon Babcock, the mason was Hiram R. Bond, ironwork was done by Wm.
The homes have been well preserved and today house the Office of Governmental Relations for the Texas A&M University System.
Completed in 1988, the building measures 214 metres to its roof and 247 metres to the tip of its communications antenna.
The building is one of Effingham County's two Registered Historic Places.
On March 30, 1988, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
It is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown and is the seat of its prelate bishop, Most Reverend Mark Leonard Bartchak.
Kellogg's Grove is an area in western Stephenson County, Illinois, United States near the present-day unincorporated town of Kent.
Built using concrete cladding and steel joists, this building was part of the plan to redevelop Birmingham in the 1960s.
The building was designed by J. R. MacEachron and Willis R. Biggers.
It is owned and run by the National Trust and is one of the Trust's most popular properties.
The name derives from the distinctive dome on top of a three-storey tower over the entrance.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
Staff began to move into the offices in 1956 and the building was officially opened in 1958.
The first stage of the New Farm Powerhouse was built in 1927-28 as part of the growing need for Powerhouses for the Brisbane Trams.
The fort offered a safe resting area for the eastern immigrants in this new and hostile land.
The Logan Utah Temple was completed in 1884, and is the fourth temple built by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The Grand Army of the Republic Hall, also known as Booth Post No.
The Southfield Town Center is a cluster of five interconnected skyscrapers forming a contemporary 2,200,000-square-foot office complex in the Detroit suburb of Southfield, Michigan.
It qualified for inclusion on the Register both because of its historically significant architecture and because of its place in the area's history.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979.
It lies in the north Bangkok business district and Chatuchak District.
Atop the base is an enclosed level which houses microwave transmitting and receiving equipment.
Laguna City is one of the earliest large-scale private-housing estates built in Lam Tin, Kwun Tong District, in Kowloon, Hong Kong.
The station was named for Judge James N. Trahern, the stage agent.
The original theatre mezzanine and inner lobby are gone; all that remains are the railings and doorways to the restrooms and lounge areas.
The Elias Hinshaw House is located in the Knightstown Historic District.
The building, constructed in 1929, is one of the outstanding works of noted California architect Julia Morgan.
It contains 17 floors, and was completed in 1969.
Town and Howe truss designs were patented by Ithiel Town in 1820 and William Howe in 1840, respectively.
The building, at 100 North Riverside Plaza, is located on the west side of the Chicago River directly across from the downtown Loop.
It is located in the Puxi district, close to People's Square.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10, 1971.
The interior of the city hall is full of Italian gray, red, white, and green marble which lines the halls and the floors of the building.
Lydiate Hall was a 16th-century hall in Lydiate, Merseyside, England.
The school operated until 1968 when King George High School was completed and the county's schools integrated.
After their marriage in 1868, the three story, 26 room Victorian house became the social and cultural center of the upper Sacramento Valley.
It has twelve rooms with twelve fireplaces, and cost about $4,000.
Arena Point is a 77m high office tower in Leeds, England.
The top story was wood, cut from trees in the mountains above Los Gatos.
Built in 1869 by Canute Peterson, an early Latter-day Saint leader in Sanpete County, it was designed by architect William H. Folsom.
It houses the Parliamentary Archives in archive conditions meeting the BS 5454 standard, on 12 floors.
The Hong Kong Cultural Centre is a multipurpose performance facility in Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong.
The last additions are the War Arsenal and the Barracks.
Later the quadrangle was filled in with a grand staircase.
It is a part of the historic Maria Stein Convent.
It is now one of the district's contributing properties.
The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The original study was carried out in 1999 by EDAW and is being taken forward through the Local Development Framework process.
The area attracted many guests, and those that stayed at DeBary Hall required a personal invitation.
Byron's poem "The Dream" concerns the meeting of two lovers on Diadem Hill, part of the Misk Hills range, which belonged to the Annesley estate.
After the evacuation of Charleston in early 1865, it was occupied by the 55th Massachusetts Volunteer Regiments, which were African American soldiers.
The house is of Bungalow/Craftsman style, 1½ stories high, with Neo-classical detailing.
The longwave transmitter Raszyn was until the inauguration of Warsaw radio mast in Konstantynów the central longwave broadcasting of Poland.
Palazzo Pamphilj, also spelled Palazzo Pamphili, is a palace facing onto the Piazza Navona in Rome.
Built in 1968, it replaced the old Public Service Company building at 420 Central SW as PNM Resources's headquarters.
A gift from the Benter Foundation will provide lighting for the fountain and plaza.
Its main church building was constructed in 1854-1855, making it one of the oldest standing buildings in the city.
The residence is on the ocean front, not far from The Wedge at Newport Harbor, in a tightly packed neighborhood of buildings.
The bridge Norrbro stretches past the Riksdag on Helgeandsholmen and further south to Stockholm Old Town and the Royal Palace.
The Kızıl Kule is a historical tower in the Turkish city of Alanya.
Colonia-Haus has 45 floors with 373 units including 352 one-and multi-room apt-flats in size from 35 to 118 m2 on floors 3 to 41.
The Mutual of Omaha Building is a 285-ft, 14-story skyscraper in midtown Omaha, Nebraska, United States.
Snell is built in a Collegiate Gothic style, while Hitchcock is Prairie Style-inspired Gothic.
The Carlisle Indian School exemplified Progressive Era values.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.
He was tried by the Inquisition, found "vehemently suspect of heresy", and forced to recant.
Individuals associated with the theater believe that it is the only atmospheric theater in the United States built in a primarily Dutch style of architecture.
There is a small pond to the south.
The H. W. Smith Building is a historic site in Punta Gorda, Florida, United States.
The Bassett Tower is 196 feet tall and has 15 stories, with setbacks at the tenth and thirteenth floors.
It was designated a National Historic Landmark for its architecture in 1973.
It was the first such listing or designation in a foreign country.
In January 2014, the city council chose Spring Hill as one of four community libraries for future closure as part of its cuts program.
The market's design was influenced by Dublin's Customs House.
It was the fourth building to serve as the headquarters of Canada Life, Canada's oldest, and at the time largest, insurance company.
The Chancellery's seat from 1875 was the former city palace of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł on Wilhelmstraße in Berlin.
Built 91 years ago in 1926, the concrete and steel structure is part of a 30-acre city park.
Crown Perth is a resort and casino located in Burswood, Western Australia, near the Swan River.
This dam was renamed Ross Dam after the death of James Delmage Ross, the superintendent of the Skagit River Project.
It was named for Illinois State Treasurer at the time of its establishment, William Butler.
The interior, out-buildings and grounds still retain the atmosphere of earlier times.
Artifacts can still be found around the site.
It was built at a cost of $24,000,000.
The island is also the setting of Pat Conroy’s novel The Water Is Wide recounting Conroy’s experiences teaching on Daufuskie in the 1960s.
It is located about 40 km south of Tucson on I-19.
The A. J. Clark Store is located along Main Street in downtown Cornwall, New York, United States.
Its distinctive shape features stacked chevron setbacks on the north and south sides, a pyramidal peak rotated 45°, and an 80-foot spire.
The land for the building was originally owned by Charles Clifford, while the building itself was built for Mansfield's father Harold Beauchamp.
Mamucium, also known as Mancunium, is a former Roman fort in the Castlefield area of Manchester in North West England.
The area used to be occupied by squatters and small marine industries.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district.
Among fine wrought iron made for the grounds at Melbourne by Robert Bakewell is the wrought-iron arbour known as the "birdcage".
The shops were designated a National Historic Landmark and placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
Originally there was a cabin or guard station, a latrine, and a garage built on the site.
In 1852, the State removed funding for the school and a board of directors was established with Judge Thomas Beale Dorsey presiding.
It is situated on the Plaza de España, being a symbolic building for the plaza and the city.
The design is the result of Sullivan's architectural ideal: simple structurally but ornately decorated in their details.
Newstead Abbey, in Nottinghamshire, England, was formerly an Augustinian priory.
It is the only surviving building in the city designed by architect Henry Hobson Richardson.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
It includes the towns of Gouldsboro and Winter Harbor.
From 1811 to 1816, it was the childhood homestead of the future President of the United States Abraham Lincoln, who said it was his "earliest recollection".
The Jefferson Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school in the Village of Indian Hill, Ohio, United States.
Construction costs, invested by Times Square Investment Joint Stock Company, totals approximately $125 million USD.
It is located at 623 South Magnolia Avenue.
Crown Las Vegas, as originally planned, would have consisted of a casino, a hotel and an observation deck.
The Federal Reserve Bank Building is Boston's fourth tallest building.
One block was left intact to be used as a museum, now open to public and accessible via Carandiru Metro Station.
However, it seems unlikely that the inhabitants of Esopus had any special meaning in mind when they corrupted the Dutch word reduyt into ronduyt and rondout.
It is located at the Porte de la Villette, near the Boulevard Périphérique separating Paris from its suburbs.
The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1924.
The house itself is not open to the general public but visitors are allowed into the 30-acre garden from April until the end of August.
The tower was designed by William R. Coats and built as part of an elaborate city waterworks project that began in 1889.
The Romanesque Revival building was constructed between 1893 and 1898 and is 30 metres wide by 190 metres long.
The hospital was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 9, 1974.
Formed in 1878 as the Columbus Gallery of Fine Arts, it was the first art museum to register its charter with the state of Ohio.
The building is one of the better known buildings in Bangkok as it resembles an elephant.
Those on permanent exhibition at the ethnography gallery include chief’s regalia, indigenous Ghanaian musical instruments, gold weights, beads, traditional textiles, stools and pottery.
As a result, Von Cramm attracts many international students and is unofficially seen as the "international cooperative".
It is situated in the civic centre in Cathays Park, on King Edward VII Avenue.
It is on the National Register of Historic Places listings in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio and is a contributing property to the Lytle Park Historic District.
The property is still owned by the Newburgh Priory Estate and is named after the Earl of Fauconberg.
Storing seeds in the vault is free to end users, with Norway and the Crop Trust paying for operational costs.
The buildings are named for early Miami professors Charles Elliott and Orange Nash Stoddard.
The parish was established in 1845, and a church was built in the same year.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Except for the red linoleum in the kitchen, the rooms on the main floor are floored with mortared brick pavers.
Hale Springs Inn, built in 1824 on the Courthouse Square in Rogersville, Tennessee, was the oldest continuously-operated Inn in Tennessee.
Clos Lucé is located at 500 metres from the royal Château d'Amboise, to which it is connected by an underground passageway.
The Ladd Observatory is an astronomical observatory of Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island, USA.
After council approval was received in October, demolition of the site's original buildings commenced in December.
During the 1770s, the overseer of this heiau was Ka'opulupulu, the high priest of the last independent high chief of Oʻahu, Kahāhana.
In 1858, the Choctaw Council granted Holloway the right to construct a turnpike and tollbooth at "The Narrows".
Meadow Brook Hall is a Tudor revival style mansion located at 480 South Adams Road in Rochester Hills, Michigan.
The project has received vociferous objections from Connecticut officials and some New York state officials.
At the end of the hall is the 60-ton, 38 feet white onyx Indian God of Peace by Carl Milles.
The structure was originally known as Barnett Plaza.
It is on a promontory by the estuary of the Kilcolgan river, about 2 miles from the village of Kilcolgan, County Galway, Ireland.
Grove Street was subsequently renamed Martin Luther King Jr. Way.
Seri Negeri complex is the state secretariat building complex located in Ayer Keroh, Melaka, Malaysia.
The original building was completed in 1719.
The Chaworth family were to possess the estate for the next 350 years.
While under construction the project was known as AMPPS : Astronomy, Mathematics, Physics and Photon Science.
In 2010 Juan Figueroa bought the building and adjacent property for $4.5 million for conversion to a banquet hall  named Weylin.
The hotel originally opened on October 10, 1942.
In January 2012 the council placed the house on the market.
The Foster House and Stable is a Japanese-influenced house at 12147 South Harvard Avenue in the West Pullman neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The role of the agency is to maintain contact with a wide range of businesses and institutions in Manchester, covering all sectors of the UK economy.
Theatre Jacksonville is a community theatre based in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
It is a brick building dating to the first decade of the 20th century.
During 1849 the building was used for the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada.
The plan was cancelled with Maharana Sajjan Singh's premature death.
At 90 metres tall and 28 floors it is the fourth highest building in Eindhoven.
The Smith family gave the land the name Blackacre; previously it was known as Land O'Skye.
It is bordered on the north by Magnolia Avenue and on the south by Arsenal Street.
It is currently used as a post office.
That vision called for the creation of a space where researchers at the university and community could explore common issues in a neutral setting.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 19, 1996.
Fort Walla Walla is a United States Army fort located in Walla Walla, Washington.
Both buildings were designed by SB Architects.
Kinross House is a late 17th-century country house overlooking Loch Leven, near Kinross in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.
His attempts were halted by the storms of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The two Birds were herded into the bank's vault, and the robbers left the building.
It comprises a sprawling series of dry-stone ramps, pedestals and platforms covering 6.5 acres of a bluestone quarry.
The tailraces from the waterpower canal are also clearly visible, and the water flow has been restored through the canal.
The St Fergus Gas Terminal is a large gas terminal found near St Fergus, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
This building, completed in 1906, served as the home of Tiffany until 1940.
Its ruins were Grade II listed in 1968.
Experimental Breeder Reactor I is a decommissioned research reactor and U.S. National Historic Landmark located in the desert about 18 miles southeast of Arco, Idaho.
His claims are now generally discredited by ghost historians.
It is located at the intersection of Interstate 40 and Fayetteville Road.
The New Haven Green is a 16-acre privately owned park and recreation area located in the downtown district of the city of New Haven, Connecticut.
After this period of huge international success, the theatre's decline became clear and plans were made for massive renovations.
The village never recovered from a depression following the War of 1812 and is now a rural residential neighborhood.
Post-9/11, security requirements for high-profile federal buildings have limited the amount of public/private access anticipated by the center's designers.
The Public Health Museum in Massachusetts now occupies the Richard Morris Building.
It produces legal tender coins and banknotes.
Built in 1983, this modern office tower features more than 620,000 square feet of office space with an average of 22,000 rentable square feet per floor.
As described by F. Scott Fitzgerald in This Side of Paradise, the club is "detached and breathlessly aristocratic".
The rear portion of the modern house was built as a small farmhouse in the early 19th century.
A 479-acre area including the manor house was declared a National Historic Landmark District in 1966.
This adds variegated colours and designs to the entire surface.
The Alabama State Capitol, listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the First Confederate Capitol, is the state capitol building for Alabama.
The Reid House was then purchased by the Wolpins who are in the process of restoring and placing it on the National Register of Historic Places.
The square is named after King George I of Greece.
Jefferson inherited the property in 1773 and began designing and working on the plantation in 1806.
A farmer's market takes place at the Civic Centre from May to November.
It was almost entirely finished by 1931, but its opening was delayed until Thursday, September 24, 1936 because of the Great Depression.
It was built in 1928 and stands 18 stories tall.
Three gold dredges were put into service in the Sumpter Valley district between 1912 and 1934.
Despite this, it is unclear if the Palace Hotel's owners still plan to build the tower.
The bridge is one of three near Smithfield listed on the Register, the others are the Buckeye Bridge and the Tartar's Ferry Bridge.
The Illinois and Michigan Canal connected the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico.
The building was modeled after Sulgrave Manor, ancestral home of George Washington.
The Cultural Centre of Belém), located in the civil parish of Santa Maria de Belém, is the largest building with cultural facilities in Portugal.
Maureen died at home of leukemia on 30 December 1994, after receiving treatment at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington.
Thomas White of Worcester has been suggested as the architect.
At the time it was built in 1929, it was the tallest in the city at a height of 405 feet.
The red sandstone found throughout Red Rocks Park is geologically identified as belonging to the Fountain Formation.
The building was designed by Charles E. Bell and built by J.
It is currently undergoing the most costly building conversion in Dallas' history.
The district boundaries encompass the 100 block of Main Street and exclude properties that do not date from the historic period.
One Market Plaza is a complex of three office buildings at 1 Market Street along the San Francisco Embarcadero.
It is located in Midtown Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the state's capital.
The crown of the skyscraper is modeled after the Mausoleum of Halicarnassus in the style of a step pyramid.
It is located at ulica Przyrynek 2.
The Orange County Courthouse is located on Courthouse Square in Paoli, Indiana at the intersection of State Roads 37, 56 and US Highway 150.
The building was completed by 1908 but the library did not begin operation until 1909.
In its vicinity are the Congress Hall and Wittelsbacher Park.
Dinosaur Park is a tourist attraction in Rapid City, South Dakota, United States.
It is regarded as one of his finest works, and was called by Daniel Defoe "the most beautiful and regular piece of Architecture in Scotland".
Ross Lake National Recreation Area surrounds the lake.
Two coal stoves had copper tanks which heated water and allowed the home to have both hot and cold running water service.
Premier House, at 260 Tinakori Road, Thorndon, Wellington, New Zealand, is the official residence of the Prime Minister of New Zealand.
In 2005, Brian Setzer released his Rockabilly Riot Vol.
The fort was declared a National Monument in 1924, and after 251 years of continuous military possession, was deactivated in 1933.
It is located at the Praça dos Três Poderes, to the east of the National Congress and across from the Supreme Federal Court.
The palace is shaped like an octagon, while the roof is shaped like a traditional Filipino salakot or hat.
It was built in 1910 and designed by Frederick William Cappelen, the city of Minneapolis engineer at the time.
She later married William Wilson who was a local architect, builder and sculptor.
It has 22 stories, making it one of the tallest buildings in the city of Omaha.
Emmanuel Church and its historic graveyard are located in front of Belle Grove.
Its original form and appearance have remained largely intact since its construction despite subsequent changes in ownership and the addition of modern utilities.
Built behind the tower will be an 11-floor parking garage, also built by Al Shafar General Contracting Co. LLC.
The upper stories are recessed and contain three larger angled-bays between the piers.
The Romanian Government will remain a 15% partner in the scheme.
In 2007, it was ranked seventh on the List of America's Favorite Architecture by the American Institute of Architects.
The site had been occupied by the original Knox Presbyterian Church from 1885 until the land was sold to the government in 1905.
The site is located on a site formerly known as Fort Hill.
The Lombardy Apartment Building is a historic apartment building in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
The spelling Oxenholt was also used in the past.
The Pickle Barrel House is a two-story cabin built to resemble two barrels.
Photographic and anecdotal evidence suggests that the architect's client, Buck Stahl, may have provided an inspiration for the overall structure.
Due to its location near Alexanderplatz, it is occasionally called Alex Tower.
Lookout Studio employs her signature rustic style of using jagged native rocks to imitate indigenous structures of the region and to blend in with the environment.
West One is also the name of a retail park in Salford.
White Furniture Company, was a major American producer of hand crafted fine furniture for over a century,.
The supporting animals are not crowned and a maned horse replaces the usual unicorn.
The Surf Ballroom is a Historic Rock and Roll Landmark at 460 North Shore Drive, Clear Lake, Iowa.
The Tower appeared in numerous Spanish movies released in the 1960s.
The house featured two parlors, a wide central hallway and broad wrap-around front porch.
Instead, it was used for one-off events, like the world premiere of the new Mini car in 2001.
In 1970 it was bought by the Dunedin Historical Society, which had it cut in half and moved to its present location.
The building has a Swiss alpine theme both on the outside and on the inside.
The term Reichstag, when used to connote a diet, dates back to the Holy Roman Empire.
The building is faced with brick and terra cotta trim in the classical style.
Frederick Clarke Withers designed the hospital's buildings in 1867.
The architectural model maker of the Center was Richard Tenguerian.
The structure was originally called the Chateau Dodge Theatre because the Dodge Lumber Company had previously occupied this site.
Articles in local newspapers implicated both former Confederate bushwackers and Kansas Redlegs of the crime.
In the 15th century, it served as the main residence and administrative headquarters of the Ottoman sultans.
Neither of the rocks is actually on the 35th parallel as Congress specified.
By the 1950s, renovations had removed many of the Beaux-Arts features of the building.
Circa 1815, he had a home built for himself, his wife, Margaret, and their children.
The site, now in Birmingham in the West Midlands, is currently occupied by a private residence named Langley House.
The first courthouse was built in 1888, but in 1920, a grand jury reported that the building was dangerous and "falling apart".
This new house was built in 1764 and is the structure that has remained on the site since.
It is located in the Battle Ground Historic District.
It stood there from 1854 until its destruction by fire in 1936.
In 1889, the city of Decatur was the largest city in North Alabama, out-sizing Huntsville.
The color scheme chosen here deviates from his normal red-brown brick tapestry surface.
The lobby contains several commemorative tablets which were removed from the previous building.
The tower will contain retail outlets, offices, residences, a luxury hotel, and public access floors with an observation deck.
It is now managed by the Leisure and Cultural Service Department of the Hong Kong Government.
This tower is the pièce de résistance of Chittorgarh.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since October 15, 1966.
The temple was constructed by Birla Foundation, which has also constructed several similar temples across India, all of which are known as Birla Mandir.
The house was designed and constructed for Russell and Ruth Goetz Kraus, and the initial design was conceived in 1950.
Settlers used the cabin into the 1860s.
Wright scholar John Sergeant called it "the purest example of the Usonian."
They were especially noted for producing fabric window shades.
The house was the childhood home of Nobel prize-winning author Sinclair Lewis, who was born February 7, 1885, in a house directly across the street.
It was designed by architect Sir Roy Grounds, the masterplan for the complex was approved in 1960 and construction began in 1973 following some delays.
It encompasses the grounds of the former South Shore Country Club.
Pecos National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park in San Miguel and Santa Fe Counties, New Mexico.
It has a total of 41 stories above ground level, including a 10 storey podium which is actually the original building, the old V.A.
The study is lined with books and, up to 1975 at least, had been preserved essentially as Burroughs left it.
Located in the northwestern part of the town, it carries Upper Cold River Road over the Cold River.
The Nanjing Greenland InterContinental Hotel is located within the tower.
It is situated one mile south-west of Helmsley, North Yorkshire, England and stands in 300 acres of parkland.
Englefield House is an Elizabethan country house with surrounding estate at Englefield in the English county of Berkshire, owned by the Benyon family.
It has been the summer residence of Queen Margrethe II since 1967.
In 2007, the building went under new management and the owner changed the name of the high-rise apartments to Washington Square.
In the late 1970s, due to the narrow width of the bridge, the flow of vehicular traffic was changed to one alternating lane.
Burj Al Arab stands on an artificial island 280 m from Jumeirah beach and is connected to the mainland by a private curving bridge.
Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary was an American seminary preparatory school administered by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago for young men considering the priesthood.
Located in McMahons Point, close to North Sydney, the tower is 83 metres tall with 144 apartments over 25 levels.
The Confederate Soldiers Martyrs Monument in Eminence, Kentucky, that was also established to honor victims of Order 59, was also established on the same day.
The coat of arms is taken from the Walsh family.
The tower contains what were at their inauguration the world's second fastest elevators, which reach speeds of 12.5 m/s).
The National Historic Site was established in 1945.
Mogorjelo is a Roman villa rustica that dates from the early fourth century.
It was constructed by Mewar king Rana Kumbha in 1448 to commemorate his victory over the combined armies of Malwa and Gujarat led by Mahmud Khilji.
It houses offices, a cafeteria, a health unit, and a full-service fitness facility including a physical therapy clinic.
The I. and E. Greenwald Steam Engine No.
Crouse College, also known as Crouse Memorial College and historically as John Crouse Memorial College for Women, is a building on the Syracuse University campus.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Both buildings were designed by Wight and Wight.
It commands an impressive view over Frederiksberg Gardens, originally designed as a palace garden in the Baroque style.
The Newhall brothers joined the Germantown cricket team at this time after being the backbone of the Young America Cricket Club for forty years.
The Saba Tower 1 is a 37-floor tower in the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The current manor house was not built until 1807.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Built in 1974, and renovated in the 1990s, it reaches a height of 125 meters.
It was built by Laing Development Co Ltd. and the consulting engineers were Ove Arup.
They are located within the square block bordered by West Seventh, West Eighth, Guadalupe, and San Antonio streets.
It is located at the intersection of Mills County Road 433 and San Saba County Road 137, both gravel roads, near a small community called Regency.
Other slogans include "Home of American Music" and "Country’s Most Famous Stage".
The camp had a capacity of about 140 campers.
The Coconut Grove Playhouse was a theatre in the Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami, Florida, United States.
It is particularly noted as the venue for numerous land speed records.
It features a center square tower with a pyramidal roof and Late Gothic Revival details.
The TripleOne Somerset is a high-rise commercial building and shopping mall in Orchard, Singapore.
The diplomatic mission was relocated to be closer to industries and operations owned by Japanese companies.
The President Street Station in Baltimore, Maryland, is a former train station and railroad terminal.
200 Public Square is the third-tallest skyscraper in Cleveland, Ohio.
In the 20th century, it housed the Coast Artillery School and later the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command until its decommission.
The current classically inspired, art deco building was built on the same site and was completed in 1930.
The Old Parliament House at Stadiou Street in Athens, housed the Greek Parliament between 1875 and 1935.
The French Legation is an historic legation building in eastern Austin, Texas, built in 1841 to represent the French government in the new Republic of Texas.
A large amount of land on the valley side of Grandview Drive is owned by the Peoria Park District and is undeveloped except for park benches.
Roseland Cottage, also known as Henry C. Bowen House or as Bowen Cottage, is a historic house located on Route 169 in Woodstock, Connecticut.
Most of the building's walls are made of brick laid in common bond, but the upper level of the north facade is framed in wood.
During the early 1980s a made for television movie had scenes filmed in the DeKalb County Courthouse's courtroom.
The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1974, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The design of the tower was created by architects NBBJ.
So in a reversal of roles, Sullivan was asked by his former employee to design what would become the building’s beautiful green terra cotta façade.
The Woodstock Opera House is a historical venue for performing arts and receptions located in Woodstock, Illinois.
The launch site is indicated with two markers accessible to visitors while the golf course is open.
It stands at 118 metres or 29 stories tall and was completed in 1978.
The building is regarded as one of Cockerell's most impressive and was described by Nikolaus Pevsner as a "masterpiece of Victorian architecture".
It adjoins the Muslim Quarter, and is a short distance to the east of the Damascus Gate.
The nearest Delhi Metro station is Lok Kalyan Marg metro station.
St. Peter's Church in Hamburg stands on the site of many former cathedrals.
The south end of the bridge is in the city of Newton, while the northern end is in Wade Township.
Áras Mhic Dhiarmada is the official name of the building, which also includes the headquarters of the Department of Social Protection.
The mansion house is owned by Croome Heritage Trust, and is leased to the National Trust which operates it as a tourist attraction.
An original 10-story, vertical UA sign was replaced in the 1950s with a marquee that remained until 2005.
It is connected by a skyway to Fourth Street Live!, an entertainment mall adjacent on the North side.
Eustatia is a brick house overlooking the Hudson River in Beacon, New York, United States.
The structure was completed in 1930 after 11 months of construction.
The building was expected to be completed in 2005, but construction issues and delays pushed the project completion to 2007.
Later, Telemundo O&O WSNS-TV since their 2002 purchase by NBC.
The Hearthstone Historic House Museum is a historic home in Appleton, Wisconsin, United States that has been converted into a museum.
50 Kennedy Plaza is a Postmodern skyscraper in Providence, Rhode Island.
Designed by architect Willis G. Hale and built between 1892 and 1894, the building originally functioned as apartments, housing some of Philadelphia's wealthy residents.
For other piers in Yokohama, see Port of Yokohama.
The Soo Locks are a set of parallel locks which enable ships to travel between Lake Superior and the lower Great Lakes.
The building also hosted local meetings and events as well as entertainment performed by community members.
The bridge is no longer in use, but was renovated and restored in 1995 at a cost of $225,000.
In the 19th and early 20th centuries, the auberge was also used as a printing press and a school.
In 1967 the building was leased from the city and converted into an art center.
Wells Fargo is the main tenant, occupying almost half the building.
Large-scale renovation of the tower began in 2007 and was completed in 2011.
At one time, it not only milled grains but also provided hydroelectric power to surrounding communities.
The spire starts from a height of 32 floors and rises 24 m above the roof.
Weather, lack of maintenance, and neglect have taken their toll over the years.
Walking tours of the bunkers and other facilities currently being restored are available during the summer.
The simple massing of this small, rectangular building with its clearly defined structure makes it typical of Sullivan's later work.
The hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 22, 1976.
Von Cramm Cooperative Hall is a student operated house on the West Campus of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York State.
Beograđanka, officially Belgrade Palace is a modern high-rise building in the Belgrade downtown area.
Nearby is Endview Plantation, a 238-year-old house.
It is located at 10060 Jasper Avenue in the heart of Edmonton's Downtown.
Former Illinois Governor George Ryan and First Lady Lura Lynn Ryan refurbished much of the mansion's furniture during their tenure using private donations.
The monument was designed to commemorate the Duke of Wellington's victory at the Battle of Waterloo.
The reconstructed tower is now being rented out to tenants.
Located on the grounds of the Long Island Maritime Museum, The Rudolph Oyster House was built circa 1890.
In the early 1770s, plans were drawn up to complete the building as a quadrangle.
Built in 1972, the tower is 129 meters tall.
It reverted to private use in the 1980s.
Umaid Bhawan Palace, located at Jodhpur in Rajasthan, India, is one of the world's largest private residences.
In 2009, the Point of Rocks segment in Montana was also listed on the National Register as part of the Point of Rocks Historic Transportation Corridor.
Other popular annual events include the Corn Palace Stampede Rodeo in July and the Corn Palace Polka Festival in September.
The castle, being one of the largest in Poland, represents nearly all European architectural styles of medieval, renaissance and baroque periods.
The house is located in New Castle, Delaware and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
Wheatleigh was designed by premier architectural firm Peabody and Stearns.
It was originally part of Christopher Thomas and Brothers' soap works.
It was designed primarily by the architectural firm of Ithiel Town and Alexander Jackson Davis.
Following decline, the station was closed and eventually adapted into various other uses.
Eliphalet Ferris House is a registered historic building in Mariemont, Ohio, listed in the National Register on May 29, 1975.
The university's main building, Temperance Hall, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Home was originally a rented cottage in Decatur, Georgia with six beds.
The Mahaffie Stagecoach Stop and Farm Historic Site, locally known as the Mahaffie farmstead, is located in Olathe, Kansas.
1 of the Fraternal Order of Eagles.
This was the smallest gate of the four, used mainly by the fishermen entering the city with fish caught in the river Danube.
The Hall displays appearance of a medieval castle, with a stone exterior and a wood entryway.
The house was designed in the Italianate style and is the only surviving Italianate home in Salem.
The mansion is located on a single city block, and is surrounded by magnolia plants, elm and oak trees, and various other plants.
Construction took place from 1997 to 1999 by the Korean company Daewoo.
The complex is adjacent to University Avenue, one of the major public roads that serve the university and define its boundaries.
Farmleigh is the official Irish State guest house.
As a result of burgeoning interest in automobiles, additional exhibition space for automotive exhibits during the annual Canadian National Exhibition was needed.
The Site was built in a hurry, "working around the clock for 13 days" in 1944 on a "remote part of the Eglin reservation".
The bottom structures house a shopping mall and several indoor and outdoor restaurants.
The two-story building, built in 1914, is of wood-frame construction, and is about 40 feet wide and 60 feet long.
In 1874, Caledonia was named and construction soon began on the jail and sheriff's residence.
The historical land of Acoma Pueblo totaled roughly 5,000,000 acres.
Completed in 1964, the building was the first private investment for the urban renewal of the Independence Mall area.
Jones designed other buildings in Minneapolis such as the Minneapolis Scottish Rite Temple, Calvary Baptist Church, the Lakewood Cemetery Chapel, and the Washburn Park Water Tower.
The tower has also been known as Khalifa Sports Tower or Doha Olympic Tower.
The front entrance of the courthouse is flanked by faux columns, topped by a classic pediment.
It was then owned by Middlesbrough Council.
The park also offers a scenic nature trail and a new hiking/horse trail that winds through the thick forests and along the rivers edge.
The original Luke Taft Mill, built in 1824, on the West River was very close to the present site of the Waucatuck Mill complex.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and is the oldest building in Omaha, Nebraska.
A part of the palace is managed by Taj Hotels.
Two doors enter the house from the porch.
Two Snowhill was acquired by Hines in April 2011  The building was developed in conjunction with Ballymore.
It provides cyclists, inline skaters, runners and pedestrians a virtually traffic-free route across the city.
It is located at 492 Bellevue Avenue, Newport, Rhode Island, on the Atlantic coast of the United States.
It also produces medals and security prints that are used and issued by government-run service providers.
Public access is not permitted except for pre-arranged tours through the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources.
The American Missionary Association tried to establish a teacher's college but abandoned this project due to the bad condition of the campus.
The interior has hand-carved wooden panels with Chinese characters.
It was first used during Commencement in 1932, and was formally dedicated on June 2, 1935.
The neighborhood is bisected by Lancaster Avenue and the original Pennsylvania Railroad "main line".
Sailing/Yachting is an Olympic sport starting from the Games of the 1st Olympiad.
The Asia Insurance Building was also known as the A.I.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 15, 1972.
The name "Ticonderoga" comes from the Iroquois word tekontaró:ken, meaning "it is at the junction of two waterways".
It is on the same site as the General Horatio Gates House and Golden Plough Tavern.
The current heavily reconstructed buildings are the inner ward, which now houses the Museum of Somerset and the Somerset Military Museum.
Sever Hall is a notable building designed by famed American architect H. H. Richardson and built in the late 1870s.
All exhibits and programs are offered free of charge to the public.
It is five storeys tall and about 354 m long.
The building's mason Jesse Russell, of Elkton, was employed to supervise the construction, along with Commissioner Hazel Petrie.
The Weigel House, also known as the Monday House, is located at 2721 Asbury Road in Knoxville, Tennessee.
The Sweet Auburn Curb Market is a historic municipal market located at 209 Edgewood Avenue, S.W., in downtown Atlanta, Georgia.
Speke Hall is a wood-framed wattle-and-daub Tudor manor house in Speke, Liverpool, England.
The terminal would be about 1,200 feet long and 180 feet wide and would rise about 75 to 80 feet above the water.
InterContinental Chicago Magnificent Mile is a hotel in Chicago, United States.
Amos P. Cutting of Worcester was the architect.
The Kress building would have been used as a lobby with office and retail space.
On September 18, 2015, Kucera Properties announced that the tower would be renamed Priatek Plaza after the company Priatek.
Pound Pioneer Farmstead, is a historic farm located in Hays County, Texas United States.
The Amos Kling House is a historic house located at 220-222 Magnolia Avenue in Daytona Beach, Florida.
The station was named for William Holloway, the stage agent.
The building has an eight-storey parking garage attached to it.
All 133 chapters and 1330 verses of the Thirukkural are inscribed on bas-relief in the front-hall's corridors.
Architecturally, it is noted for its dramatic upper-level setbacks that were inspired by the 1923 skyscraper zoning laws.
The building was designed by architect Oscar Niemeyer and inaugurated on April 21, 1960.
In recent years, the usage of the name has gradually changed to include several other church facilities that are immediately adjacent to Temple Square.
It has an elliptical floor plate and stands 21 floors tall and 88 Meters high.
The last classes were held in 2002.
The idea was initially created and developed by Peter Neville.
A sprawling mansion located in Newport, Rhode Island, it was designed in the French Renaissance Revival Châteauesque style, and completed in 1925.
The building was first called Fort Pierce High School.
Significant construction of residences in the Yorktown district began in 1921 with the Bungalow/Craftsman style making up 69 percent of all houses in the district.
Completed in 1924, it was designed by Phineas Paist with Denman Fink.
It will become the region's business capital as well as a freehold city.
Marina Sky Tower 2 would have stood 400 m with 104 floors.
Kennywood is an amusement park located in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania.
It is at 2340 S Street NW just off Washington, D.C.'s Embassy Row.
The Rock Island Depot and Freight House is a two-story railroad station and adjacent one-story freight house from the turn of the 20th century.
Construction of the building lasted from 2005 to 2007, with the topping out ceremony happening in Fall 2006.
It is widely recognized for its marquee and 100-foot tower, which appeared in the opening credits of Siskel & Ebert & the Movies.
The George Rogers House is a historic house at 76 Northwest Street in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
City Place I is a 38-story, 163.7 m skyscraper at 185 Asylum Street in Hartford, Connecticut.
It was placed in the National Register of Historic Places: August 2, 1977.
Rosenberg had a new department store building constructed on the site in 1923 in a Second Renaissance Revival architecture style.
Nashville City Cemetery is the oldest public cemetery in Nashville, Tennessee.
It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
The cathedral is the oldest continuously operating parish and the oldest stone building in California.
The Albert Pike Residence Hotel is a historic commercial building at 701 South Scott Street in Little Rock, Arkansas.
After the hospital's original structure closed, the state of Ohio acquired the property and renamed the complex and its surrounding grounds The Ridges.
Carnegie Hall Tower is a 60-story skyscraper located on 57th Street in New York City.
Owned by the Durst Organization, the building contains 1,600,000 square feet of floor space.
The district covers 163.48 acres, while Owen Park itself covers 24 acres on the east side of the District.
It is one of nine landmark structures in the Black Metropolis-Bronzeville District.
It is the building with the highest taxable property value in Allegheny County, surpassing the larger U.S. Steel Tower.
By 1975 the abandoned building had fallen into disrepair and become heavily vandalized.
The Cullars Rotation is a soil fertility experiment on the Auburn University campus in Auburn, Alabama and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It contains a fully equipped gem testing laboratory operated by the Asian Institute of Gemological Sciences.
Some of those working on the soaring structure were no doubt ship carpenters; others were East Anglians familiar with the method of constructing a hammerbeam roof.
It was used as a military hospital in the First World War.
Schloss Johannisburg is a schloss in the town of Aschaffenburg, in Franconia in the state of Bavaria, Germany.
Measuring four stories tall, the Krumberg Building features a massive facade many bays wide; throughout its exterior, the Italianate style is evident.
The buildings were topped out in 2007, and were completed in early 2008.
During the construction of this new governor's mansion Huey Long refused to move into the original one.
The property, with two adobe buildings from 1849 and 1857, was declared a California Historical Landmark in 1939, and a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
The facade is constructed of pre-cast stone and glass, creating a unique look, especially for its time.
Rand had flown in the Lafayette Flying Corps during the war.
Currently, the 525-mile system is composed of the Erie Canal, the Oswego Canal, the Cayuga–Seneca Canal, and the Champlain Canal.
The project features numerous skyscrapers located in an area where Dubai Creek will be dredged and extended.
It has a restaurant, shop and garden shop, and was shortlisted in 2010 for the Guardian Family Friendly Museum Award.
It was designed in the international style of architecture.
It is a landmark example of the Regionalism Architecture, mixing elements of the Renaissance Revival and Moorish Revival styles of Spanish architecture.
In the 1930s the Institute was also known as "Warwick".
Built in the High Victorian Gothic style, St. Andrew's was Victoria's third cathedral to be built.
The house was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1990 for its architecture.
St. Peter's Lick Run Historic District is a registered historic district in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register of Historic Places on October 4, 1989.
The Ontario Tower is a distinctive landmark of the Tower Hamlets skyline with its sloping roof and blue LED-rimmed elliptical profile.
The Kingsley Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge carrying East Street across the Mill River in Clarendon, Vermont.
In 1960 it was declared a National Historic Landmark, the first one in Western New York and the only one in Genesee County.
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 25, 1972, as the Old Pathology Building.
Olivia died in 1948 at age 86.
The season completed its filming two months later in May 2012.
The project will contain approximately 320 residential units, including offices and stores.
A residential and commercial building with 52 one- to three-room apartments and ground-floor retail space completes the ensemble.
The tower was replaced by a 260.3 meter tall guyed mast, insulated against the ground.
The current band members include Vocalist Nicky Kantarelis, Guitarist Alex Kantarelis, Bassist Chris Berg, and Drummer Ben Basset.
The house is also located within the Ward's Point Conservation Area, separately added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It has since been further extended and is now hired out as a wedding venue.
Icehouse Bottom is a prehistoric Native American site in Monroe County, Tennessee, located on the Little Tennessee River in the southeastern United States.
In 2008, a shopping mall called the Park West Town Village Shopping Center was completed.
Designed by Adamson Associates Architects, the building is located on Yonge Street north of Sheppard Avenue, and features Mel Lastman Square along the Yonge Street frontage.
The Floridan Palace Hotel, formerly known as the Hotel Floridan or Floridan Hotel, is a historic hotel in Tampa, Florida, United States.
Riverpoint is a two-tower mixed-use building complex located in Limerick, Ireland.
Congressman John C. Kluczynski, who represented Illinois's 5th congressional district from 1951 to 1975 after his death that year.
It is a social and athletic facility.
Sackets Harbor Battlefield State Historic Site is a historically important location in Jefferson County, New York, United States.
The George H. Pendleton House is located at 559 Liberty Hill in the Prospect Hill Historic District of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Entry to the house is through a reception hall, with a parlor on the left.
The second floor had bedrooms for overnight guests.
There is also a childcare centre located in the building.
Blandwood Mansion is a historic house museum at 447 West Washington Street in Greensboro, North Carolina.
In 1958, an international architectural competition was launched by Mayor Nathan Phillips in order to find a design for the new city hall.
It is situated on a 410 meters precipice to the southwest of, and overlooking the town of Eisenach, in the state of Thuringia, Germany.
He expanded the farm in 1875 when he acquired an additional 30 acres.
His sister Sarah Lincoln Grigsby was buried in the nearby Little Pigeon Baptist Church cemetery, across the street at Lincoln State Park.
Moreover, the house's design features many elements common to the style, such as the gabled roof, ornamental stonework, wall dormers, and stone mullions in the windows.
In 1979, the Bates Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places due to its historically significant architecture.
Around 1691 the Kaskaskia and other Illiniwek moved further south, abandoning the site due to pressure from an Iroquois invasion from the northeast.
The Queen Victoria Building, is a late nineteenth-century building designed by the architect George McRae in the central business district of Sydney, Australia.
While they sell yarn, today the mill is primarily an electric power generation station.
Beaumont House, occasionally known as Claremont, is an eclectic Romanesque-Classical brick residence located at 631 Glynburn Road in Beaumont, South Australia.
Today, the Ridges are a part of Ohio University and house the Kennedy Museum of Art, an auditorium and many offices, classrooms, and storage facilities.
The structure was later subjected to a re-design, out of which it became known by its postal address, 22 Bishopsgate.
The Idaho State Capitol in Boise is the home of the government of the state of Idaho.
Playboy had sold the leasehold in 1980 and signed a 10-year lease that expired in 1990.
One of the students of Rastrelli, Ivan Michurin, together with a group of other architects, completed the palace in 1752.
The Harrison Courthouse Square Historic District is an area of Harrison, Arkansas.
Fletcher Place is the home to a few of Indianapolis' keynote restaurants: The Milano Inn, The Bosphors, Nick Iaria's, Dunaway's, and Bluebeard.
Ringling Theatre in Baraboo, Wisconsin, United States, opened its doors in November 1915 and has been operating continuously ever since.
The four largest coastal Batteries at Fort Miles are Battery 118, Battery 221, Battery 222, and Battery 519.
The residence was built during 1923–1925 by industrialist Malcolm D. Jeffrey and has served as the official home of the governor since 1957.
It was completed in 1982 and stands at a height of 233-foot.
It is situated approximately 18 kilometres south of the city of Nador and a few kilometres south of Selouane at 35°2'29"N and 2°55'7"W.
The Dalian International Trade Center is a supertall skyscraper designed by architecture firm HOK and under construction in Dalian, Liaoning, China.
Jumeirah Emirates Hotel Tower, also known as Emirates Tower Two, is a 56-storey hotel in the city of Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Later, electric telegraphs were installed but the bell provided local alarms.
Tour Pleyel is a skyscraper of mixed use, both residential and commercial, located in the commune of Saint-Denis in the suburbs of Paris, France.
The Central Terminal is located in the city of Buffalo's Broadway/Fillmore district.
Pablo's renovations reflected the change in style in the Santa Barbara area, modifying the home to give it a Victorian appearance.
The remnant of two company towns, the district is primarily residential in character, with only occasional examples of larger architecture.
It was planned that these facilities will be used as a temporary car park while the rest of the building is under construction.
The building was originally constructed for the Morton Salt Company; Boeing moved their corporate headquarters there in 2001 when they opted to leave Seattle for Chicago.
The airport was named after famed aviator and Medal of Honor recipient Floyd Bennett, a Brooklyn resident at the time of his death.
The architects were Fox & Fowle, who also designed the Reuters Building as part of the larger project.
The fort, also known as Fort Prince Frederick, is believed to be the oldest tabby structure in the state.
The Mauretania Public House is a public house on Park Street in the English city of Bristol.
The tower is the centrepiece of a large commercial development funded by Tobu Railway and a group of six terrestrial broadcasters headed by NHK.
At about 200 metres is a second enclosed level that houses television and FM transmitters, as well as a control and maintenance shop.
Bok Tower Gardens is open daily, and an admission fee is charged.
It became the ninth Florida Underwater Archaeological Preserve when it was dedicated in 2004.
Over the years the Sanctuary has become famous, especially so during the 1967 Torrey Canyon disaster, when over 8,000 oiled birds passed through the Hospital.
The Reformed Church of Tappan in Tappan, Rockland County, New York is a historic church.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority would have been a partner with their proposed transit hub at the location.
The Oates Building is a historic site in Lakeland, Florida.
The Paxton Water Tower and Pump House are a historic water tower and pump house located at 145 S. Market St. in Paxton, Illinois.
It is a good example of the Greek Revival style of architecture.
The houses are located at 8-10 square du Docteur-Blanche, 16th arrondissement, Paris.
The current design is the second design that Wright conceived for the Willeys, since the first design proved too costly for the family.
The hexagonal-shaped skyscraper was designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill.
It is significant for its Gothic Revival, Greek Revival, and Italianate architecture.
Today the semi-ruined stronghold is a major tourist attraction and houses a hotel and a restaurant.
Haystack was founded in 1950 by a group of craft artists in the Belfast, Maine area, with support from Mary Beasom Bishop.
The hotel was rebranded 'The Principal Manchester' in November 2016.
These ditches were most likely used to irrigate crops in nearby fields.
It is also similar in style to the Norstedt Building located just north of it.
The name for the estate comes from a combination of the word oak and the Anglo-Saxon word lea, that means meadow.
The total area covered by the lakes, waterways and landscaping will be 730,000-square-metre.
Vice President of the American Medical Association in 1902.
Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem in Nottingham is one of several pubs in England which claim to be the oldest.
Laura Plantation is a restored historic Louisiana Creole plantation on the west bank of the Mississippi River near Vacherie, Louisiana,, open for guided tours.
It is also one of the tallest buildings in the unincorporated areas of the United States.
It has been designated as a grade I listed building.
The building was leased primarily to house Buffs Company, of The Queen's Own Rifles of Canada, as part of the Land Force Reserve Restructure program.
Work progressed rapidly and the new Astor Theatre was officially opened on 3 April 1936.
It was designed by Henry Dudley, a prolific New York architect of the popular firm of Diaper and Dudley.
The building would have been situated at the western end of Blythswood Hill on the edge of Glasgow's financial district.
The estate includes other buildings designed by Johnson that span his career.
The palace stands on the south side of St Isaac's Square, just across the 99-metre-wide Blue Bridge from Saint Isaac's Cathedral.
The tower is 554 feet tall and contains upscale commercial space at street level, such as Safi and D'Oro Caffe.
The campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology is located on a 168-acre tract in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.
The bluff is home to a prehistoric Native American settlement used by Mississippian cultures.
Perched above the Shawangunk Kill, it enjoys a splendid view of the nearby Shawangunk Ridge.
A glass-enclosed walkway provides shelter, and easy access to the surrounding buildings.
The Santa Barbara County Courthouse is located at 1100 Anacapa Street, in downtown Santa Barbara, California.
The site now has a temporary advertisement board occupying it fronting Broad Street.
As of July 2017, Lamberts Downtown Barbeque is housed in the space.
The home was featured in the film Fireflies in the Garden starring Julia Roberts and Ryan Reynolds.
An inner-city school, it is perhaps best known for its famous alumni.
The tower became the tallest building in the state of Oregon when it was completed in 1972.
The three-sided fountain is done in Gothic Revival style.
Between 1970 and 1999 it served as the official residence of the Secretary of State for Scotland.
Mellon Institute was completed and dedicated posthumously to the Mellon brothers in May 1937.
The battle ended in defeat for the colonial fighters and considerable brutality followed the battle.
Further single-story additions were made to the gable ends of the house, probably c. 1764.
Located on Shillito Place in the city's downtown, it was built for a club of the same name.
Its close neighbour and the tallest building in Liverpool, the West Tower, was also developed by the Beetham Organization.
It is surrounded by the Bangabhaban Gardens.
The ranch remained in the family for almost 60 years.
The construction of the core of the current fortress was completed in 1695, though it would undergo many alterations and renovations over the centuries.
It is currently the tallest building in the state of Tennessee.
The building was designated a National Historic Landmark for its role as the Pony Express headquarters.
Journalist Mike Royko famously dubbed the area as the Polish Kenilworth after the posh suburb of Chicago's North Shore.
Gothenburg Concert Hall is a concert hall located in Gothenburg, Sweden, which was built in 1935.
The structure has undergone several additional major renovations, most recently in 1996 and 2001.
Charles Henry Wharton and two other layman from that parish.
The Noor Mahal is a palace in Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan.
Originally a Masonic lodge, it was built between 1819 and 1820, making it the oldest Masonic temple in Louisiana.
It provides a common activities room, television lounge, post office boxes, and library.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
Flora Fountain, built in 1864, is a fusion of water, architecture and sculpture, and depicts the Roman goddess Flora.
It is a primitive Greek Revival house built in the 1840s by Robert Sheegog.
In 1991, Devil's Head Lookout was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Despite being considered for demolition, the building was given Grade II* listed building status in 1998.
From 1961 to 1990, it was the home of Cranborne Chase School, an independent boarding school for girls.
When completed, it was to contain condominiums, office space, a Kimpton-brand Hotel Palomar Nashville, and retail space.
Chamberlin Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by the University of Denver.
Melbourne Mint Pty Ltd belongs to a group of Australian precious metals companies which include Australian Bullion Company, Gold Merchants International and Universal Coin Co.
Manitoba Hydro Place is the headquarters building of Manitoba Hydro, the electric power and natural gas utility in the province of Manitoba, Canada.
The Old Gainesville Depot is a historic site at 203 Southeast Depot Avenue in Gainesville, Florida.
The mill changed hands over the years until it landed under the control of George Appel in 1892.
The Ashford Designer Outlet is a shopping centre in Ashford, Kent, England.
The course was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 20, 2006.
What remains are the ruins of a five-hundred-year-old pueblo.
The collapse was the result of a fatigue failure of the eyebolt head in a compression cone insulator on a structural guy-wire.
Public buses stop outside World Square, and it is close to Town Hall and Museum railway station.
The district includes Palmetto Historical Park and the various historical buildings and museums it contains.
A lead bust of Raleigh sat above the entrance door.
Magnolia Plantation and Gardens is a historic house with gardens located on the Ashley River at 3550 Ashley River Road, Charleston County, South Carolina.
The Illinois Executive Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Illinois.
Chocolate World is owned by The Hershey Company, while Hersheypark is owned by Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Company.
It later became the home of Maui OnStage, a community-based theatrical organization.
Despite this, it lacked a distinct commercial center, consisting mainly of residences laid out on broad streets on a rectangular grid.
The Dunbar is considered the "first large garden-complex in Manhattan."
The mint was built between 1869 and 1872 to the designs of architect J.J Clark whose other notable works included the Old Treasury Building, Melbourne.
Its building was erected in 1930 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
The church was declared a National Historic Landmark for its architecture, and for its role in the history and culture of Alaska.
In the 1720s, a windmill was constructed near what is now Canal Street and North Peters Street.
It is adjacent to the GZ IFC and the IFP.
Funded by philanthropist Mary Curtis Bok, the colony hosted artists such as Ralston Crawford, Milton Avery, and Consuelo Kanaga.
Built in 1966, the building was the tallest building in the Southeast at the time.
On August 28, 1850, Xuvia was instructed to finalize its manufacture of coinage.
The Pete French Round Barn, located near Burns, Oregon, United States, is a round barn listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It covers an area of more than 2.5 acres, and is surrounded by a 180-acre park, and an estate of 15,000 acres.
Several archaeological excavations have taken place to investigate its past.
The build has a pair of entrances on either side of this central section, which are framed by Greek Revival Doric porticos.
On December 18, 1979, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
11 Diagonal Street is a skyscraper in Johannesburg, South Africa.
A model railroad layout is one of the exhibits on display.
The Bridge's Draw Span will be restored in August 2016 and the bridge will be operated after restoration.
The original name of this Buddhist shrine is uncertain.
It is the home of the Indianapolis 500 and the Brickyard 400, and formerly the home of the United States Grand Prix.
The current school building was completed in 1972 on Maki Road, now called Raider Place.
Having survived the burning of Jackson during the Civil War, The Oaks is one of the oldest structures in the city.
The entire Hawaiʻi State Public Library System has a collection of over 3 million books.
Plaza on Brickell is an urban development in Miami, Florida, United States.
Also on the property is the contributing rectory.
It enlarged their communal territory by 50%.
The house was made of trimmed white oak log timbers, each of which was notched at the end to receive the timber from the adjacent wall.
Bienville claimed that the new fort was to protect the Choctaw from the Chickasaw.
He built the house on one of them, now reduced and subdivided to the three-quarter acre lot it stands one today.
A second construction wave began in 1908 and concluded in 1913.
The outpost was located along the Oregon Trail near Kearney, Nebraska.
The Gilbert Millspaugh House is located on Church Street in Walden, New York, United States.
He led Ohio Brass into new ventures, particularly the manufacture of electrical fittings for railroads and trolleys.
The current church building, featuring Romanesque Revival architecture, was completed in 1929.
By 1880, the placer deposits were exhausted and the land was down to hard rock.
The track is owned by Skip Barber, a former race car driver who started the Skip Barber Racing School in 1975.
Readers study books brought to them from the library's closed stacks.
In 2009, the remaining parts were demolished.
The name Chapultepec stems from the Nahuatl word chapoltepēc which means "at the grasshopper's hill".
On April 20, 1995, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
A single-story 110,000-square-foot building, it was the first building designed by architect Rem Koolhaas within the United States.
Conversely, the rear wing includes components such as a Victorian porch.
The Dismal Swamp Canal is located along the eastern edge of the Great Dismal Swamp in Virginia and North Carolina in the United States.
Management of the estate was returned to the National Trust in 2016.
The Fyfe Building is located at 10 West Adams Street, at the corner of Adams Street and Woodward Avenue in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.
Angels Flight is a landmark 2 ft 6 in narrow gauge funicular railway in the Bunker Hill district of Downtown Los Angeles, California.
The depot served the Milwaukee Road from 1887 to 1968 and now serves as a museum for the St. Louis Park Historical Society.
Architectural critics consider the building to have been designed around the high point of Richardson's career.
It is a Scheduled Ancient Monument and close to the Buckton Vale Quarry.
It is one of five sites on the National Register in Ford County and the only one in the county outside of Paxton, the county seat.
On February 21, 1991, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The project plans consist of two residential highrise towers of 39 stories each and one mid-rise hotel.
This home is generally considered to be the first permanent, non Native, residence in Chicago, Illinois.
Hatch's Department Store is a historic U.S. building in West Palm Beach, Florida.
It is located at 2211 W. Avenue 30, in the Glassell Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
Kleinhans Music Hall, is a 2,400 seat music venue located on Symphony Circle in Buffalo, New York.
It housed most county officials' offices and meetings of the county legislature.
This play was the first to exhibit the common traits found today in Desert Star plays.
This tower holds the title for highest helipad in Spain at 154 m above ground.
Pusley's Station was a stage stand on the old Butterfield Overland Mail route in Indian Territory.
Soon after opening, a banquet was held to entertain President Chester A. Arthur on August 1, 1883, the same day he opened the Southern Exposition.
The towers resemble Yamasaki's World Trade Center in their vertical black and gray lines and the use of aluminum exteriors.
Across the arch is a long, low wing ending in a circular bay, once used for storing plants through the winter.
It is a National Historic Landmark in Michigan, listed in 1985.
The completion of Saba Tower in December 2006 marked the first tower to be completed in Jumeirah Lakes Towers.
Merrill's goal was to convert the local Otoe tribe to Christianity; he had learned the language and translated the Bible and some hymns into Otoe.
The design of the hotel is inspired by the Bosphorus, with an east wing and a west wing.
The park is divided into two sections.
These events are designed to give the public a demonstration of military life at Fort Miles when it was still in operation.
In the 1980s, the organization began offering related educational and informative programming to the public—which it continues to do today.
The Mountain Winery, formerly the Paul Masson Mountain Winery, is a winery in Saratoga, California, United States, North America.
The HSBC Tower is the first of its type of environmentally friendly buildings in Latin America.
Built in 1981, the residential building stands 28 stories tall.
The original passenger depot was built in 1888 and later expanded to include the freight office.
The population of the settlement was decimated during the Indian Massacre of 1622.
It was originally named the Evangelical Lutheran Church, Bethany Congregation of Kendrick.
The angled exterior surfaces of the building are covered with marble from Carrara, Italy and white granite and make it appear to rise from the water.
He designed the lavish apartments on the 7th and 8th floors; the Oliver Messel Suite is named after him, designed in the Georgian country house style.
In 1850, the Baltimore City Council granted the school the authority to present its graduates with certificates of completion.
Adjacent to it was the vivienda del teniente which was the living quarters of the lieutenant of the fort.
Suits from opponents were rejected in county courts, and in May 2015, the Oregon Legislature authorized Metro to issue the bonds.
Both groups of buildings are situated around large gardens and pools.
This bridge, originally erected as a railroad bridge, consists of a Pegram truss span between two triple-intersection Warren truss spans.
It is directly on the bluff overlooking the Mississippi River.
The first fundraiser held at Knowlton by Conroy Catering was for former State Representative Chris Wogan in December 1997 .
In 1919 the house was donated to Historic New England by Preserved Whipple Arnold.
Morven Park is a 1,000-acre historic estate and horse park in Leesburg, Virginia, United States.
Calvary Presbyterian Church is a Victorian Gothic church located in the Marquette University district of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Part of the Parliamentary Estate, the building augments limited space in the Palace of Westminster and surroundings.
The first level is predominately made of quarter-sawn oak while the second level is made of maple.
The Key Center South Tower which is four stories shorter and connected by a two-story glass atrium encompassing 18,800 square feet of retail space.
The building was commissioned in 1906 by businessman Pere Milà and his wife Roser Segimon.
This old iron pump, operated by a wheel six feet in diameter, is in fine condition and all its parts still move.
The artist, Tai Shani has been the programmer since 2006.
The Balboa Pavilion in Newport Beach, Orange County, California, is a California Historical Landmark and a National Historic Place.
There is also a carriage house, which houses a visitor's center and a museum house that was once used to hold Harriet Ellwood's collection of "curiosities."
It was also the location of the world's first successful passenger elevator.
Colliers International, a commercial real estate services company, was an exclusive leasing agent for Parus.
The Cincinnati Observatory is a contributing property to the Observatory Historic District.
The majority of construction took place in 2008.
The Centre City complex consists of two buildings, the Tower and the Podium.
It has been repainted in white and black from the brown with red trim Barr favored.
The western half houses Bristol Archives as well as other council offices.
However, the bank closed on June 24, 1932, due to financial difficulty following the Great Depression.
In 2002, the law firm of Eymann Allison Hunter Jones P.S.
The completion of Saba Tower in December 2006 marked the first tower to be completed in Jumeirah Lakes Towers.
The British Empire Panels were commissioned in 1924 as a means of commemorating the First World War.
He wanted the front of the building to duplicate the Temple of Minerva Polias at Priene.
Completed in 1970, the skyscraper has served as home to several law, financial, real estate, and corporate firms.
The tower was built to signify the city's bicentennial year 1996.
The park is named for the Watson Mill Bridge, the longest original-site covered bridge in Georgia, which spans 229 feet across the South Fork River.
However, height figures have not yet been released.
The building is located on 11th Street and is today surrounded by an annex to the Travis County Courthouse and the Blackwell/Thurman Criminal Justice Center.
The Industrial Exposition Building was located in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The original application included eighteen buildings spread out over several blocks.
Historical – The building signifies a changes in Melbourne's CBD as it transformed into a major corporate centre.
Then, it was given to the county for historical use.
The south elevation, also glass, is punctuated by a protruding brick-faced elevator shaft.
It is also known as the T. A. Livesley House or Thomas and Edna Livesley Mansion, after its original owners.
The townsite is located in present-day Bryan County, Oklahoma.
333 North Michigan is an Art Deco skyscraper located in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois in the United States.
The Breakers is one of the most visited house museums in America and in 2016 had 472,700 visitations.
The hotel is named after notable businessman and philanthropist Simon Benson.
The Mausoleum of Khawaja Ahmed Yasawi is an unfinished mausoleum in the city of Turkestan, in southern Kazakhstan.
The total cost of the building at the time was £502,876.
Tregunter 3 stands significantly taller than the first two buildings of the complex at 220 m with 66 stories.
Tubes of 3 m diameter connect the spheres along the 12 edges of the cube and all eight vertices to the centre.
Its facilities include the crew quarters for astronauts prior to their flights.
The Childersburg Heritage Committee purchased the tract in 1988, and with help from the Alabama Historical Commission and the Talladega County Commission, established Kymulga Park.
The Heyworth stands 19 stories tall with a gross square footage of 256,000 square feet.
The Wrights used the profits from the Wright Cycle Company to finance their aviation experiments.
In the 1970s an office building and a warehouse were built and annexed to the main building.
It was replaced by a smaller fortlet, built in c. 105, around which a civilian settlement grew.
In the past, both the city and university have opposed such proposals.
It was operated by his family until 1998, when the studio was donated to the Wisconsin Historical Society.
But it did draw Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget, which moved to the city and made the Cira Centre its North American headquarters.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 4, 1972.
Located near the seafront, the Spanish City has a 180 ft-long Renaissance-style frontage and became known for its distinctive dome, now a Grade II listed building.
The city hall opened in January 1998, replacing the abandoned City Center Building, which served as Hayward's city hall for 29 years from 1969 to 1998.
Two years later, Nathan Levy secured a larger plot from the Penn family at the present location of Mikveh Israel Cemetery.
After marrying in 1869 they had five daughters: Eva Marie, Antoinette, Josephine, and Clara.
A former Union officer from Ann Arbor, Michigan, William Andrew Slayton was the stone contractor.
Its interior, which is largely decorated with glass, was designed by Louis Comfort Tiffany.
Located adjacent to the Schermerhorn Symphony Center, the building officially opened on February 10, 2010.
The Eighteen Mile House is a historic house near the city of Harrison in western Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.
Author Rudyard Kipling lived in Bateman's from 1902 to his death in 1936.
On October 7, 1983, they were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The structure was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
In March 2012, the MTV's reality TV series The Real World was filmed for its twenty-seventh season on Hassel Island.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
It was built in the Gothic Revival style with vernacular detailing, attributed to the handiwork of Frank Braxton, a former slave.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21, 1983.
The battle, however, covered a much larger area, estimated at more than 9,000 acres.
The structure has a mansard roof and two-story bays on either side of the entrance.
The new water tower and pump house were the first in a series of infrastructure improvements which spurred the economic development of Paxton.
Vandalia's Presbyterian congregation left the building for a new church in the 1960s, and the building is now used as the Fayette County Museum.
Ponte City is a skyscraper in the Berea neighbourhood, just next to Hillbrow, Johannesburg, South Africa.
It was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
The façade of the building features a portico with four columns holding up a pedimented gable.
It is the only one still standing, even after surviving two tornadoes.
It is of a vertical cantilever structure, and is constructed out of steel.
In addition to traditional Anglican services, St. Michael's has services and prayer groups influenced by the emerging church movement.
Guangzhou International Finance Centre or Guangzhou West Tower, is a 103-storey, 438.6 m skyscraper at Zhujiang Avenue West in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.
An archaeological excavation on the edge of the property, near the sea coast, has revealed the remains of Danish Vikings who were defeated there circa 900.
It is the oldest and largest memorial in the United States dedicated to the Armenian Genocide victims.
Both buildings contain four-level podiums with an upscale retail gallery connected to the Plus 15 skywalk network.
The park is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Sukharev Tower was one of the best known landmarks and symbols of Moscow until its destruction by the Soviet authorities in 1934.
In 1717 there were a thousand ‘hearers’ in the congregation.
The Turf Tavern is a popular but well-hidden historic pub in central Oxford, England.
The central dome is surrounded by 72 Buddha statues, each seated inside a perforated stupa.
The James A. Rhodes Tower is a 21-story, 363-foot skyscraper in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
The name Werowocomoco comes from the Powhatan werowans, meaning "leader" in English; and komakah, "settlement".
The church is a mission of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts.
The destroyed homes were hastily rebuilt by the city, but were later condemned after years of attempted repairs to the shoddy construction.
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 1, 1978.
Built in 1956 to allow visitors to observe the miles of surrounding orange groves, it was once among the most famous landmarks of the Orlando area.
As of 2011, the Denver Astronomical Society hosts several public outreach events at the observatory every month.
It is located at 301-307 Clematis Street.
The fort is in a bad shape.
It is covered with a double glass skin to control sunlight and with a white silk screened glass facade.
It was declared a National Historic Monument of Argentina in 1941, and reconstructed, with simplified details, in its original layout.
It is located on NY 96A, overlooking Seneca Lake and to the east of Geneva, New York.
It then became the school's main library.
The Pointe at Brickell Village was one of several proposed residential developments during the city's recent "Manhattanization" wave.
The tower was opened on 13 October 1989 by President Turgut Özal.
The Rosens built the estate gradually during the 1930s, its main house an imitation Italian villa.
The congregation was organized on October 25, 1828.
The broadcast from Bush House lasted for 70 years, from Winter 1941 to Summer 2012.
The building was donated to the Irish state by Benjamin Guinness's grandson, Rupert, Lord Iveagh, in 1939, and was renamed Iveagh House.
The city demolished the old Villa Rica Electric & Light and E.L. Esterwood mill for greenspace, amphitheater and future new city hall.
The pump was powered by steam produced by wood-fired boilers.
Walsh Hall is one of the 29 residence halls on the campus of the University of Notre Dame.
The building is recognized by its golden Art Deco finial.
The completed building housed some of the most luxurious condos in the world at that time.
The hotel, which is actually a set of four buildings, was designed by architect Antonio Escario and has 776 rooms, 18 lifts, gardens and swimming pools.
Lowes Lane and Eastern Post Road were suppressed late in the 19th century, but Bloomingdale Road survives under the name of Broadway.
The building is the first round barn in the Stephenson County area, home to 31 round barns, with a hip roof.
The present structure was completed in 1927 in the Gothic Revival style.
After several decades of use as the head office of Imperial Oil, the building was sold in 2010 and converted into a condominium apartment building.
The Château Dufresne was originally divided into two separate households, one for each brother.
Vancouver City Hall is home to Vancouver City Council in Vancouver, British Columbia.
A section of Second Avenue Subway tunnel was built in the 1970s, constructed concurrently with the plaza underneath it, and is lightly graffitied.
It is the seat of the local government area of the City of Melbourne.
Except for brief periods of renovation, it has remained continuously open.
It is a renowned example of Constructivist architecture and avant-garde interior planning.
Among these is Massachusetts Hall, Harvard's oldest building and the second-oldest academic building in the United States.
The architecture of the buildings was influenced by Louis Sullivan.
Much of the avenue is included in the Hillhouse Avenue Historic District, which extends to include houses on adjacent streets.
It had a triangular cross-section, and was built on the site of a previous square broadcast tower built for WAGA-TV 5.
The center includes collections of colonial-era manuscripts and maps, and primary and secondary source materials in a wide range of media.
It had five locks operating over a stretch of two miles, with an elevation change overall of 32–34 feet.
Devil's Head Lookout is a U.S. Forest Service fire lookout tower at the summit of Devils Head in Douglas County, Colorado.
The taller wings of the building once held offices, but now house 214 hotel rooms.
Plants Brook used to drive New Hall Mill before being channelled away from the mill.
The site is located in the Vincennes Historic District.
It is located at 2650 Park Street in the Riverside neighborhood.
Additionally, it was the first naturally ventilated office building on the west coast since the advent of air conditioning.
The building was designed by architect Dahl Braden Chapman.
The closest Metro station is Champ-de-Mars, on the Orange Line.
She was fond of giving house tours to show off her collection.
The Washington County Historical Society purchased the home in 1967, and restored it to an 1840 appearance.
The Louis Armstrong House was the home of Louis Armstrong and his wife Lucille Wilson from 1943 until his death in 1971.
There was also an observation deck which afforded panoramic views of Edmonton from what was then the city's tallest building.
The Wholesale District was of primary importance in the transformation of Indianapolis from small town to big city.
Located at 3301 S. Indiana Ave, the church is in the heart of Chicago's Bronzeville neighborhood.
It was previously operated by the North Carolina Department of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention.
In the years since, the theatre has changed ownership several times, undergone redesign and survived contemporary redevelopment proposals to remain a Melbourne landmark venue.
It is composed of three neighborhoods located on a plateau just west of downtown Austin: Old Enfield, Pemberton Heights, and Bryker Woods.
Designed by Walter F. Price, the exterior is fashioned from hammer-dressed Foxcroft Wissahickon schist, a local stone commonly used for buildings in the Collegiate Gothic style.
Over 3,000 trees and 165 specimens of native Midwestern trees and woody plants grace the rolling hills.
Built in 1880 by the Wabash, St. Louis and Pacific Railway, it is a primarily wooden structure with weatherboarded walls.
The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
In 1989, St. Mary's Episcopal Church was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture, published by the University of Florida Press.
East Potomac Park is accessible primarily by road via Ohio Drive SW.
The Gilbertstone, moved in local folklore by the Giant named Gilbert, is displayed in the grounds of the museum.
After his retirement, the Iris changed hands several times before being renamed the Vista.
The main structure currently standing at Hermits Rest was designed by architect Mary Colter.
The fort is adjacent to the Venetian Isles community, now legally within the city limits of New Orleans, Louisiana.
More than 1.3 million people visit annually, with as many as 6,000 per day in the summer.
The site can be considered a French colonial counterpart to the English settlement at Jamestown, Virginia.
The conversion was recorded for a documentary as the first episode of the BBC television programme Restoration Home, which also explored the history of the church.
Richardson died of smallpox in 1825 at the age of 41.
Of the walls of the city, only the gate, tower of Santiago, tower of São Sebastião and Porta Nova remain.
On March 3, 1980, the Saxony Apartment Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, due to its well-preserved historic architecture.
Its design is reminiscent of Houston's Pennzoil Place.
Located at 1133 19th Place, the Vero Beach Diesel Power Plant was built in 1926 replacing an earlier power plant due to the areas extensive growth.
A Conrad Hotel as well as some residential units occupy the remaining space.
Lou Mitchell's, also known as Lou Mitchell's Restaurant, is a Chicago diner located at 565 W. Jackson Boulevard.
Office and administrative accommodation in support of the Parliament were provided in buildings leased from the City of Edinburgh Council.
A few years later, he was in Atlanta working in the brick-making business and as builder/contractor in partnership with Maxwell Berry.
The boathouse is included in the Heritage at Risk Register produced by English Heritage.
The Professor William Pabodie House is a historic residence in the city of Wyoming, Ohio, United States.
Along with the intercom system and lifts, it has had problems functioning correctly.
The house was closed to the public for the remainder of 2008 for repairs and reopened for public visitation in spring 2009.
The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.
The tower has an observation deck located 97 metres above the ground.
CBRE has produced an energy performance certificate for 99 Bishopsgate which has resulted in a 'C' rating for the building.
The American Antiquarian Society, located in Worcester, Massachusetts, is both a learned society and national research library of pre-twentieth century American history and culture.
The capitol is the main building of the Utah State Capitol Complex, which is located on Capitol Hill, overlooking downtown Salt Lake City.
Not until September did major cladding begin.
The Colonel Crawford Burn Site Monument is a war monument in rural Wyandot County, Ohio, United States.
It takes its name from the large triangular park formed at the center of the village by Main Street, Park Place and South Church Street.
It was designed by WZMH Architects in the postmodern style and was built by PCL Construction in 1991.
It was designed by Cesar Pelli and it was built by Dragados.
Today it remains a popular attraction for hikers climbing the mountain.
Despite the appearance of being a huge, solid building, it consists of long, narrow, multi-storey workshops only 16 feet wide, surrounding an open courtyard.
In 2009 the American Physical Society named Pupin Hall a historic site and honored Isidor Isaac Rabi for his work in the field of magnetic resonance.
The South Charter Street Historic District is a nationally designated historic district in Monticello, Piatt County, Illinois.
The Grand Hotel Prishtina is a hotel situated in the Mother Theresa Boulevard in downtown Pristina, the capital of Kosovo.
In September 2008, the hotel underwent about $10 million in renovations, and changed ownership to local developer Darko Vranich and his Burlington-based company, Vrancor Group.
The 7 levels of parking are accessed from O'Keefe Avenue.
It was not completed until about 1715, having been worked on by architects including François d'Orbay, Charles Le Brun, Jules Hardouin-Mansart and Robert de Cotte.
The home is an example of a Saint Paul residence of a settler of some financial means.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the First Unitarian Church in 1986.
The original plat of the town, founded in 1814, is within the district.
Constructed 1855–1859 the Old South Channel Range Lights were built to guide ships into the fresh water delta once known as the Venice of America.
It was built in 1873 using a bowstring through truss design by the Wrought Iron Bridge Company.
It was built in 1896 following two decades of problems with structure fires in the village.
It is located on the famous Grand Place in Brussels, Belgium.
The original farm was founded by James Beatty Mahaffie and his wife Lucinda, in 1858.
The Garden is the oldest botanical garden in Hawaii, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Construction was by Noonan and Stellwager at a cost of $60,000, and the building was completed in 1885.
In recent years, a Valentine's Day tradition has developed where the Pasco County Clerk offers a complimentary wedding ceremony on the steps of the Historic Courthouse.
The tower is further enhanced by the use of limestone piers and recessed tinted glass with granite spandrels.
On April 18, 2012, the American Institute of Architects's Florida Chapter ranked the Baughman Center third on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years.
The National Museum incorporates the collections of the former National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland, and the Royal Museum.
Of the 11 races, 10 are scheduled as opening races and one as a medal race.
Since its completion, Hausgen House has remained intact, with no known changes made to its Colonial Revival styling.
The building had undergone some name changes:
It is one of six overall sites and three homes in Polo listed on the Register.
There are an estimated 1,700 burials in the cemetery, although there may at one time have been 2,500.
Sacred Heart Catholic Church is located at 2206 Binney Street in the Kountze Place neighborhood of North Omaha, Nebraska within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Omaha.
Axis on Brickell is located immediately adjacent to the Brickell Metrorail and Metromover station.
The Cummins School is a historic former school building in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
Completed in 2002, it is currently the tallest building in Nebraska.
The land was located in the fork of Williams Creek and the Little River, in the extreme northeast corner of what was then Wilkes County.
Society Bank has since merged with Key Bank.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The building can be easily accessed from Interstate 75, as it is located just west of the interchange with Big Beaver Road.
The presidio was built by Spain in 1782, with the mission of defending the Second Military District in California.
One outbuilding houses a working coal-fired, bellows-fed forge.
Construction is of steel-reinforced poured concrete in post-and-beam method, without bearing walls.
Three Tequesta Point, the tallest of the three, was completed in 2001.
Previously, in the 1820s, an attempt was made to organize teaching in law, but this plan ended with the death of the designated professor.
Blues and R&B artists like Howlin' Wolf, Junior Parker, Little Milton, B.B.
The Westmoreland Davis Memorial Foundation operates Morven Park, which is a 501c3 nonprofit organization supported by contributions from donors.
It now contains more than 64,000 interments.
The Hall is a Grade I listed building, with many of the buildings and structures in the grounds having their own listings.
It was designed by Larry Oltmanns who was a design partner with SOM at the time.
At the entrance of the pagoda there are large statues of guardians of the temple.
The house is now a shell, along with its extensive stable block, but its status as a Grade II* listed building reflects its importance.
When constructed, the building housed editorial and business offices for the paper as well as printing facilities and rental space.
The property is one of five nature centers and 19 wildlife sanctuaries operated by Connecticut Audubon, which is not affiliated with the National Audubon Society.
The Persada Johor International Convention Centre is a convention centre in Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.
The first phase opened in 1996 just before the Centennial Olympics, hence the new name.
The site was once occupied by a gallows.
The house was restored to its 1850s look over the next 80 years, which included removing bathrooms, changing light fixtures, and stripping paint.
Shryock was construction superintendent for the project.
The Paço Imperial was built in the 18th century to serve as residence for the governors of colonial Brazil.
The lobby is a large, open space that extends to the third story.
The Sylvanus Wade House is a former stagecoach inn located in Greenbush, Wisconsin, United States.
It was built sometime between 1729 and 1741 by Dr. Samuel Adams, and is located in the oldest portion of Durham, now a historic district.
Many Cripple Creek buildings post-date the gold mining era.
The castle today consists of a single three-storey keep with an attached rectangular enclosure or bailey about 30 by 40 metres.
Within is a military museum, the Shrine Room, and an auditorium.
The Elwood Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Elwood, Madison County, Indiana.
It stood three stories tall, and included a partially raised basement level and an attic level.
The architect of these buildings is Fullerton-Diaz Architects, Inc.
The Seminole Heights Residential District, known also as the Seminole Heights Historic District, is a U.S. and Local Historic District located in Tampa, Florida.
The Central National Bank Building is a ten-story building located at 103 Southwest Adams Street in downtown Peoria, Illinois, United States.
The nearby village Castle Bolton takes its name from the castle.
The building later was used by a division of the Illinois National Guard, and during World War I was incorporated into the US Infantry.
Construction of Ruby Dam 48°43′54″N 121°04′02″W at the Rip Raps below Ruby Creek began in 1937.
After the construction was delayed by a fire which in February 2009 engulfed the adjacent Television Cultural Center, the headquarters was completed in May 2012.
Though the building has a nominal address on Liberty Street, its most prominent facade is on West Street between Liberty and Vesey Streets.
The mansion and stables are a Grade I listed building.
It was internally gutted and reconstructed as a movie and television studio facility in 2002.
Otherwise, this cemetery has only one British seaman of Royal Navy war dead burial in World War II.
In the 18th and 19th centuries Lowes Lane connected Bloomingdale Road to Eastern Post Road.
From 1990 through 1992, students raised funds to preserve the barn as a symbol of Texas Tech's agricultural roots.
The building houses the Louisiana Art and Science Museum.
Dockery Plantation was a 25,600-acre cotton plantation and sawmill in Dockery, Mississippi, on the Sunflower River between Ruleville and Cleveland, Mississippi.
It is the seat of the Vermont General Assembly.
The Grove Park Inn is a member of the Historic Hotel of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
The hall has been redeveloped several times, and was gutted by two fires in 1898 and 1945, though the original Bristol Byzantine foyer has survived.
The tower contains 23 elevators which can reach speeds of 360 mpm in the super high speed models.
The Etisalat Tower 1 is a 17-floor tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The house is now owned by Historic New England and is open to visitors Wednesday - Sunday, June 1 – October 15.
St. Paul's Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 122 East Pine Street in Georgetown, Sussex County.
His architect was Josiah Rice for the first three stories, finished in 1900 and John Morrell for the fourth story, finished in 1905.
The Tower occupies an area of 18,721 square metres.
In 1973, they bought Tittenhurst Park from John Lennon.
By the 20th century, a gable had been added to the structure.
The railroad is conveniently situated near I-70, with Silver Plume Depot sitting adjacent to the eastbound on-ramp.
Falconcity of Wonders is a Dubai-based real-estate project working as a subsidiary of Salem Ahmad AlMoosa Enterprises founded in 2005.
The National Mint of Xuvia was a Spanish mint of copper coins from 1812 to 1868.
New Utrecht Reformed Church is the fourth oldest Reformed Church in America congregation in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York.
Its style was seen at the time as a symbol of social progressivism.
The nearby fairgrounds host the Marin Sonoma Concours d’Elegance each spring; they host the Marin County Fair each July.
The City of Gainesville acquired the depot building in 1999.
It currently houses the corporate headquarters of Singapore Power.
In nature, these reactions would take place in stars and exploding stellar environments such as novae and supernovae.
Among the most distinctive elements of its architecture is a large Gothic window on the front facade.
The Keith Building is a skyscraper in downtown Cleveland, Ohio's Playhouse Square theater district.
Women comprised nearly half the civilian employee force.
B Bond Warehouse is a former bonded warehouse built to serve Bristol Harbour.
The gatehouse has been designated by Historic England as a grade I listed building.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
However the Professor of Field Husbandry residence, finished construction in 1911, and the Dean of Agriculture residence, now the Faculty Club, finished construction in 1912.
The architect was Claude-Nicolas Ledoux, a prominent Parisian architect of the time.
It replaced the building from 1919 across the street.
Overbrook Farms is a neighborhood on the western edge of the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
The Schermerhorn Symphony Center is a concert hall in downtown Nashville, Tennessee.
Yet more distinctive is the secondary porch, which sits atop the primary one; it features braces and spindles similar to those of the primary porch.
The two-story Main Observatory is at 150 metres, while the smaller Special Observatory reaches a height of 249.6 metres.
The property was purchased by descendants of the former owners in 1998 and has been restored.
The Columbia County Schools administrative offices returned to the building after Lake City Middle School was constructed and opened in 1990.
The lab’s scientists investigate the properties of rare isotopes and nuclear reactions.
The congregation was established in 1855 by Reverend Charles LeDuc, the brother of William LeDuc.
The institute took its current name when it became one of the faculties of Dhaka University in 2008.
John Wesley, the early leader of the Methodist movement, stayed at the house several times during his visits to the town.
Fort Augustus Abbey, properly St. Benedict's Abbey, at Fort Augustus, Inverness-shire, Scotland, was a Benedictine monastery, from late in the nineteenth century to 1998.
Two years later, the Patriarch chambers and the Cathedral of the Twelve Apostles were assigned to the Armoury in order to house the Applied Arts Museum.
Built in a broadly Art Deco style, it was opened in 1934 by the Duchess of York.
On December 7, 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Theodore Roosevelt, for example, had a gymnasium constructed during his stay.
It was built in 1858 by builder Milton Stevens.
Separately Riddle Mills were built in 1845, on neighboring land and grew rapidly.
Catton Hall is a country house near the boundary between Derbyshire and Staffordshire.
Newington is a substantial and intact example of a rural colonial villa, and demonstrates the quality of life of prominent citizens and families from early settlements.
The pyramid shaped crown is the equivalent of 3 stories high and hence marketed as 83-85 to arrive at a round number.
Today, it is the Mary S. Harrell Black Heritage Museum.
St. Joseph Catholic Church was a parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston, serving the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
After Bangladesh gained independence later that year, it was rebuilt.
The low-beamed front bar area was put in place sometime in the 17th century.
In 1780 in the American War of Independence General Sir Henry Clinton used the original house as his headquarters while planning the siege of Charleston.
Ohkay Owingeh was previously known as San Juan Pueblo until returning to its pre-Spanish name in November 2005.
The first restaurant in the space was called "Andy's Eugene Station".
My Old Kentucky Home State Park is a state park located in Bardstown, Kentucky.
It is home to Trinity College's oldest student societies: the University Philosophical Society, the College Historical Society and the College Theological Society.
It housed the former Supreme Court from 1912 to 1983 and the Legislative Council from 1985 to 2011.
It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
Standing 515 feet tall with 33 floors, it is the third tallest building in Austin, behind The Austonian and the 360 Condominiums.
The 'A' and 'B' courses were slowly dying out and unfortunately discontinued by 1973, and a single academic track was offered.
Located at 2300 Grand Avenue in Des Moines, Iowa, it is an example of Second Empire architecture.
the "Golden age of the flying boat."
El Centro Español de Tampa is one of two individual structures within Hillsborough County to be so designated.
The term White House is often used as a metonym for the president and his advisers, as in "The White House announced that...".
At that time the students from Cowley High School began attending Rocky Mountain High School in Byron.
The park is near the north shore of Long Island in the town of Smithtown.
It is served by an intermediate station on the Heidelberger Bergbahn funicular railway that runs from Heidelberg's Kornmarkt to the summit of the Königstuhl.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. and is currently owned by Wayne State University.
As Wayne County Courthouse, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The other buildings in the district were built between 1842 and 1942 and are primarily commercial.
However Dubai has more highrises then Abu Dhabi.
A three-gun concrete battery, later named Battery Torbert, was built inside the fort in the 1890s and designed by Maj. Charles W. Raymond.
The Williamsburgh Savings Bank was an important institution in Brooklyn, New York, from the mid-19th to the mid-20th centuries.
It was built in 1809 in the Federal style by Timothy Jackson on his family's farm.
The Bazaleel Taft Jr. House and Law Office are a historic house and law office building at 195 North Main Street in Uxbridge, Massachusetts.
The exhibition is open 7 days a week, and entry is free.
The road outside was hit by a small bomb during the Second World War, but the cinema survived with only minor damage.
The code name "Trinity" was assigned by J. Robert Oppenheimer, the director of the Los Alamos Laboratory, inspired by the poetry of John Donne.
The sites were reviewed by archaeologists and other specialists of UNESCO and other agencies.
An exceptionally slender building, it was one of the city's tallest office high-rises until the skyscraper boom of the late 1980s.
The building and surrounding 31 acres is currently owned by Emmanuel Lutheran Church in Moscow, Idaho and administered by a non-profit group named Friends of Cordelia.
It was created by an eccentric folk artist named Eddie Owens Martin, who called himself St. EOM.
With the coming of the American Revolutionary War, the church was enclosed by a log stockade in 1777.
The Cahokia Courthouse State Historic Site is a reconstructed French-Canadian structure built about 1740 at what is now 107 Elm Street, Cahokia, Illinois.
The Barcelona Pavilion, designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, was the German Pavilion for the 1929 International Exposition in Barcelona, Spain.
Waterplace is one of two recently completed luxury high-rise condominium complexes in downtown Providence, the other being The Residences at the Westin.
It was constructed beginning in 1911, with additions throughout the years, before being "completed" in 1946, and named after the company's founder, Joseph Lowthian Hudson.
Today, Beacon Hill is regarded as one of the most desirable and expensive neighborhoods in Boston.
The AT&T Michigan Headquarters is a complex of skyscrapers and buildings located at 1st Street, Cass Avenue, State Street, and Michigan Avenue in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.
University of Washington Plaza is a high-rise office building completed in 1975 in the University District of Seattle, Washington.
The collapsing tower killed four construction contract workers, three on the tower and one on the ground.
The tower also became the tallest residential tower in Texas, surpassing The Merc in Dallas before the Austonian also took that title.
The tower contains about 1.5 million square feet of office space.
From 2000 to 2004, it was the tallest structure in the World Almanac's list of "Other Tall Buildings in North American Cities".
While the fort is no longer standing, its location has been verified by archaeological excavations.
This originally served as the office for writers of the British East India Company, hence the name.
Writer Mark Richard once repaired a faulty doorknob on the French door to Faulkner's study.
Maria Lanakila means "Victorious Mary", the Hawaiian language equivalent to the English language epithet "Our Lady of Victory", which refers to the Blessed Virgin Mary.
It is roughly the western half of the island.
Designed by Pittsburgh-based architects Rutan & Russell in the Beaux-Arts style of architecture, the Schenley Hotel catered to local and visiting well-to-do people.
Kuskovo was the summer country house and estate of the Sheremetev family.
She served another term from 1941-1943 when she was the only member of the House to oppose the declaration of war against Japan in 1941.
The Aston Hippodrome, also known as The Hipp, was a popular theatre in the Aston area of Birmingham, England.
On the front face, the tughra of Sultan Abdülhamid II is put on.
At its peak during World War II, the factory employed almost 400 and merged with Universal Match Corporation.
St Barbara is the patron saint of miners, which was highly appropriate for a town whose wealth was based entirely upon its silver mines.
It is the fifth-tallest building in Portland, and the fourth largest with 491,528 sq ft.
The building is finished in white Portland stone, and includes a tall art deco clock-tower, making it a landmark.
Past curators include the novelists Howard Bahr and Cynthia Shearer.
It was at this point that the building became known as the Radcliffe Camera, serving as a reading room for the Bodleian.
Due to a loss of funding by the city of Baltimore, the Museum closed to the public in October 2012.
The building itself is a two-story brick structure built in the early 1930s.
It was used as an official residence by the Polish presidents.
It became notable as a historic and symbolic site of early freedom for former slaves under the provisions of contraband policies.
The ground floor and basement serve as a pub.
It is used by the Canadian National Exhibition and Royal Agricultural Winter Fair and various trade shows.
Several re-use plans for Fort Monroe are under development in the Hampton community.
The current mission church was built between 1891 and 1893, and listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The Parlange Plantation House is a historic plantation house at Louisiana Highway 1 and Louisiana Highway 78 in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana.
By 1911, the company was one of the eight largest producers of wooden matches in the US.
It has about 530,014 square feet of office space.
President Calvin Coolidge authorized a classical memorial and President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated the completed structure in 1936.
The family, considered by most in Saudi Arabia, as the country's wealthiest non-royals, is among the world's leading philanthropists.
After his death the following year, his wife remarried, and around the turn of the century the building was used as a rooming house.
There are garrison quarters, and a possible chapel and head tower.
The houses display a variety of architectural styles and vernacular designs popular in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
The building was designed by the Morphosis architectural firm, as a supplement to the Phillip Burton Federal Building at 450 Golden Gate Avenue.
Andrew Adkins of the church created the first high school curriculum for black students in the area.
It was once home to multiple national amateur U.S. champion Morris Clothier and national and world champion Jay Gould II.
The mill is part of the Phelps Mill Historic District, which also includes the general store and an Italianate miller's house.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1977 and is located inside the New York Botanical Garden, itself an NHL.
It has been a National Historic Landmark since 1966, and a New York City landmark since 1983.
650 California Street, also known as the Hartford Building, is a 34 story, 142 m, office tower on the northwestern edge of San Francisco's Financial District.
Williams, was called to lead this new and growing congregation.
It contains an extensive archival collection of such artifacts as diaries, correspondence, photos, and periodicals.
It was designed by French architect Ernest Hébrard in 1918, but most of the square was built in the 1950s.
The home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Trinity was the code name of the first detonation of a nuclear weapon.
The building currently houses parts of JPMorgan Chase's Investment Bank, Commercial Bank, and other corporate functions.
It is the eighth-tallest all-residential building in the world.
The shape of this sand hill is similar to that of kurgans that dot the Pontic-Caspian steppe.
However, in May 2010 only 29 of the proposed 84 stories had been built.
The building is located at the corner of N. High Street and what is now Nationwide Blvd.
The millwork details located in the building's judge's stand frontispiece are directly inspired by Asher Benjamin's Country Builder's Assistant pattern book.
Over the years, it has featured performances from vaudeville and silent movies to grand opera starring such notables as Lionel Barrymore and Mary Pickford.
Fort Hall is considered the most important trading post in the Snake River Valley.
Each stall has a small window, a grain bin, and a hay trough.
The Davis Building is a 20-story high-rise in downtown Dallas.
For decades, the old Place Viger station sat isolated and neglected, a striking historic building surrounded by parking lots and concrete.
The jail and residence building were razed in the 1990s.
After two major redesigns, the project was cancelled in March 2008.
Construction began in 2005 and the tower was completed and opened in 2008.
A half-mile section of the road in Tuscaloosa County was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The TV Show In Plain Sight filmed the exterior of this location, as the fictional office of the US Marshal's Witness Protection Service.
It is believed to be the first building constructed on Euclid Avenue east of East 55th Street and the first frame house on the street.
It is in the Docklands area of London Borough of Tower Hamlets in Canary Wharf.
The Forks of Cypress was a cotton plantation and Greek Revival plantation house near Florence in Lauderdale County, Alabama.
According to its governing body, the Colorado Chautauqua Association, it is also unique in that it is the only year-round Chautauqua.
Since Henry, Lieutenant Governors have chosen not to live in the mansion but to maintain residences in their hometowns and travel to Frankfort as needed.
Its construction began as early as the first half of the 13th century by the Přemyslid kings and complete by King Ottokar II of Bohemia.
OFC sponsors an annual house tour each Spring.
The building is located at central campus, next to the College of Communication and across from the College of Arts and Sciences.
Locke is located in the primarily agricultural region south of Sacramento, California, near State Route 160.
Observers included Vannevar Bush, James Chadwick, James Conant, Thomas Farrell, Enrico Fermi, Richard Feynman, Leslie Groves, Robert Oppenheimer, Geoffrey Taylor, and Richard Tolman.
The embassy of Hungary is located on the 29th floor of the Raffles City Tower, which also houses the delegation office of the European Union.
The year after that, he left the region for the Finger Lakes and the house has passed through many owners since.
The commission called for three buildings to mark the northern end of the Capitol complex.
It is considered a masterpiece of Federal architecture and among Bulfinch's finest works, and was designated a National Historic Landmark for its architectural significance.
The building is approximately 50 by 36 feet, is Beaux-Arts classical in style, and is constructed of brick with concrete foundation walls and window sills.
It is surrounded by 60 hectares of estate parkland situated within the Exmoor National Park, once a part of the estate.
The site is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The building has 40 stories, rises to a height of 529 ft, and has 703,000 square feet of office space.
A gate house and an ice house are also included in the district.
The Zora Neale Hurston House was the home of author Zora Neale Hurston in Fort Pierce, Florida.
A National Historic Landmark, the plantation is noted as the largest assemblage of high-style pisé structures in the United States.
It is sometimes erroneously referred to as the "Boston Commons".
The edifice is located just 8.2 kilometres from the resort town of Albufeira, along a bend in the Quarteira River.
The present building was built by one son, James and extended by another son, Thurston in 1594.
All three structures are part of the Chicago Landmark district designated on October 6, 1971.
Since 1815, three separate buildings have served as the Gibson County Courthouse in Princeton, Gibson County, Indiana.
It houses the Sala São Paulo, which has a capacity of 1498 seats and is the home of the São Paulo State Symphonic Orchestra.
The Watervliet Arsenal  is an arsenal of the United States Army located in Watervliet, New York, on the west bank of the Hudson River.
Initially constructed in 1736, it has been rebuilt several times.
Among their joint enterprises were the Atlanta Car Works streetcar line and the development of a mineral water property, Austell Lithia Springs.
The Royal Dramatic Theatre is Sweden's national stage for "spoken drama", founded in 1788.
The building is crowned by a cupola.
An appreciable collection of Limoges enamel paintings.
The 9th Duke of Wellington retains the use of part of the buildings.
If completed, it will stand 558 metres tall up to the antenna and would be the tallest freestanding tower in the Southern Hemisphere.
Key Center North Tower is a high-rise located in Buffalo, New York, USA.
Today the grounds contain a number of specimen trees, a 600-foot brick peach wall, and late 19th century rhododendrons and azaleas introduced by the Lyman family.
The von KleinSmid Mansion was built for the von KleinSmid family of the DeKalb County city of Sandwich, Illinois in the mid-nineteenth century.
Derrynane House is the ancestral home of Daniel O'Connell, lawyer, politician and statesman.
The height of the supertall was reduced from 613 metres to 490 metres while keeping the design the same.
Following the amalgamation of Toronto, Scarborough lost its city status and the civic centre became a secondary hub for the City of Toronto.
Harriet island was named for Harriet Bishop, a Baptist school teacher from Vermont.
The Houston City Hall building is the headquarters of the city of Houston's government.
Fort Union was the most important fur trading post on the upper Missouri until 1867.
The palace and park in Wilanów hosts cultural events and concerts, including Summer Royal Concerts in the Rose Garden and the International Summer Early Music Academy.
Troy Savings Bank Music Hall, now owned by First Niagara Financial Group, is a bank and performance space in Troy, Rensselaer County, New York, United States.
The Ranck farm was purchased in 1937 by a local veterinarian and his wife, Ralph and Tena Carmack.
Dohm and Cooper have since renovated the garden and restored its fountain.
Green Mount is a treasury of precious works of art, including striking works by major sculptors including William H. Rinehart and Hans Schuler.
It is the only known work of Strickland in Virginia.
The house has also been known as the Hermann Oelrichs House or the J. Edgar Monroe House.
However, they discovered that the watershed does not extend to the 50th parallel and consequently named their campsite Camp Disappointment.
The working pressure is 750 lbs/square inch.
Recently it was known as Shorty's Bar, a popular hangout for the local population.
The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
It was built as a rest area for tourists on coaches operated by the Fred Harvey Company on the way to the now-vanished Hermit Camp.
The D. Rich Memorial building, completed in 1923, is the centerpiece educational building on the Buies Creek, N.C. campus of Campbell University.
The Hudson River State Hospital, is a former New York state psychiatric hospital which operated from 1873 until its closure in the early 2000s.
Until the emergence of Sand Hill Road in the 1980s, many of the largest venture capital firms held offices in the Russ Building.
It has never been sold and is still in the ownership of the descendants of the Scrope family.
South Norwood Library is a public library in South Norwood, South London.
The Stovall House is a historic home in Tampa, Florida.
It was erected between 1605 and 1614 by the architect Georg Ridinger for Johann Schweikhard von Kronberg, Prince Bishop of Mainz.
Baking materials including pepper and vanilla extract were added in 1895.
Guthardt visited Technorama, a science center in Switzerland and became convinced that a science center in Wolfsburg would complement both Autostadt and the Kunst Museum.
The banking center is housed in a separate building, due to construction problems, and has a three storey lobby.
Designed in the Scottish baronial style, the concrete pilings were sunk in 1913 to support the ten-story structure.
The bridge is supported by Phoenix columns, a type of wrought iron column that was patented by the Phoenix Iron Company in 1862.
The majority of the building is office space, though there are various restaurant and retail establishments found on the lower floors.
From 1837 to 1879 services were held in first church building at the same site.
In 1817 he purchased lands on Lake Otsego adjacent to his wife's estate and contracted with Hooker for a country villa.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
The Loft 2 is one of the few buildings in Miami that has its pool on the roof.
The tower was created by the architecture firm of Craig Craig Moller.
The park lies southeast of the Jefferson Memorial and the 14th Street Bridge, and the Washington Channel lies between the park and the Potomac River.
The ribbon-cutting ceremony for the newly reopened branch took place at 11:00am on August 29, 2009.
The building's design had previously been rejected for a proposed new Toronto City Hall.
The centre is earmarked as Croydon's Flagship Learning Village.
US 9W and the John T. Loughran Bridge are immediately to the east; the Kingston-Port Ewen Suspension Bridge crosses the creek to the west.
The stadium currently serves as the home field of the football team of Tennessee High School.
While Hughes's experiment largely failed, a small community lingered at Rugby throughout the 20th century.
The Victory Theatre is a 1,950 seat venue in Evansville, Indiana.
The high school was closed following World War II in 1948.
The building, completed in 1893, is an anomaly among its contemporaries.
It is affiliated with the American Baptist Churches USA and with the United Church of Christ.
Barracks, administration buildings, and a pier were also constructed as part of the fort.
Some of the school's most notable students include Burr and John C. Calhoun.
It stands 174.5 metres high and houses a revolving restaurant and an observation deck at a height of 170 metres.
Instead of working in bronze and marble, he sculpted in more affordable plaster, painted the color of putty to hide dust.
Goddard's final launch from Auburn, on July 17, 1929, was also a historic first.
A few of those artifacts continue to be on display in the carriage house including an early gas pump and a large machine powered lathe.
The Automotive Building, which houses the Beanfield Centre, is a heritage building at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, containing event and conference space.
831-835 Whalley Avenue, the Alfred Minor Building
These were replaced in 1907 by the current machines from Fullerton, Hodgart and Barclay of Paisley.
The stadium was designated a National Historic Landmark in March 2013 and a Paterson Historic Landmark in May 2013.
Denominationally, It is a member of the United Church of Christ.
Watkin's Tower was a partially completed iron lattice tower in Wembley Park, London, England, UK.
As of the 2010 Census the population of the seven villages in order of population was as follows:
The original project was started in 1965 as a future Palace of Justice, but the 1973 coup d'état interrupted it.
Camp Nelson is located on Rye Drive, just off Cherry Road, just off Mt.
The postal code for the municipality is 1000, but the postal code for the European Commission is 1049.
Most of the buildings were built between 1850 and 1949.
It is currently the tallest building in Serbia, and the second-tallest freestanding structure, after the Avala Tower.
In 1995 it won the "Best Building of the Year" award by the American Chamber of Architects in the multifunctional skyscraper category.
Through a succession of mergers, One Summit Square eventually became the Northeast Indiana market headquarters for JPMorgan Chase.
The building has 470 total parking spaces, approximately 30,000 square feet of amenity space, and 32,000 square feet of retail space.
Older residents remember when cars would ford the creek at this spot; at least two bridges, including the current one, have been built here.
4 continued in operation for 114 years until it was capped in 1990.
Its original owners, Catharine and Levi Coffin, were Quaker abolitionists who provided fugitive slaves with supplies and a safe place to stay.
The brick building is divided into three bays, which are separated by brick pilasters on the upper floors.
Menlyn Park is designed around three spaces – the Food Court, the keyhole malls and focal points, and a large internal garden square surrounded by restaurants.
It is still owned by a branch of the same family that lived there in the 12th century, 33 generations ago.
It is the only example of a wood framed Greek Revival rural house in Kane County that remains in its unaltered state.
It is the world's third-tallest all-hotel building.
While the facility is open year-round, hours vary depending on the season, ranging anywhere from 9 am to 11 pm.
The building features a large, upscale shopping mall called 900 North Michigan Shops.
Al-Balad is the historical area of Jeddah, the second largest city of Saudi Arabia.
St. Stanislaus Kostka Church is an independent Catholic church building located in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
Odeon Cinemas sold the building to three Irish investors in 2006, though continued to lease it.
The freehold to the terrace and the garden in front belongs to Liverpool City Council.
It lies 0.9 miles south of Stamford and 10 miles northwest of Peterborough city centre.
He was an inventor who was a pioneer in the study of remote control and held over four hundred patents.
Today, the area is still an active waterfront, although it primarily sees recreational traffic.
The tower also cantilevers 12 feet over the Downtown YMCA.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1994, for its distinctive architectural style and for its association with Austin, the Atheneum's director 1927-44.
In 1982, the Castles were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Architect Cass Gilbert worked on the American Renaissance-style Spalding building while also working on the Woolworth Building in New York City.
Stone inscriptions in the courtyard give the names of people who donated to the building effort.
The newspaper occupied the north half of the first floor of the hotel.
An alternative design for a Rotunda-style cylindrical building was thrown out when suitable curved furnishings were costed.
This particular one was over the Spoon River near Smithfield, Illinois, on Township Road 248 in Bernadotte Township.
The entrance is on Priory Queensway, and near the junction with Moor Street Queensway.
Led by Spalding & Shreve, they also contributed innovations in conservation.
The Spanish Governor's Palace is a historic adobe from the Spanish Texas period ( building located in the Downtown San Antonio district of San Antonio, Texas.
The D. B. James House is located in Sycamore, Illinois and is part of the Sycamore Historic District.
In addition to the markers noted below, the site features a twelve-foot marble obelisk, picnic tables, and information signs about the site's history.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is a two story brick building with a gable roof and large stained glass window.
The house is reminiscent of a plantation type farm house and it was probably Colonel Love’s intention to run the farm like a southern plantation.
Frisina won and built the 18-storey Clarendon on Hunter near Bay.
The 505-foot, 36-story building is located on the southern end of Brickell Avenue in the Financial District.
Brewster's 30-foot bronze statue of Victory crowns the obelisk.
The Tidal Mill of Corroios is a 15th century pluvial mill situated in the civil parish of Corroios, municipality of Seixal.
Today, the Midway runs through the southern portion of the University of Chicago campus, with university and related buildings fronting it on both sides.
Designed by theater architect John Eberson, the Esperson buildings were built in 1927 and 1941, respectively.
It opened its doors in October 1904, and though the number of patients and employees were drastically reduced, it remained operational until October 10, 1996.
It is one of two sites on the National Register in Jefferson County, the other being the 5th District Appellate Court in Mount Vernon.
The two towers, which rise to 355 m and 309 m, respectively, stand as the 42nd  and 100th tallest buildings in the world.
It is located in Sulphur Springs Valley about 27 miles north of present-day Willcox, Arizona.
It is the center of the Indonesian executive authority.
Today, Armstrong Chapel continues as an active congregation of the United Methodist Church.
His mother deeded him the farm in 1929, and he spent time there every summer until his death in 1962.
It is also known as the Broadway Merchants Building.
Saint Hill Manor is a country manor house at Saint Hill Green, near East Grinstead in West Sussex, England.
The Edinburgh International Conference Centre, or EICC for short, is the principal convention and conference centre in Edinburgh, Scotland.
An exhibit lodge built adjacent to the monument in the late 19th century houses a statue of fallen hero Dr. Joseph Warren.
The Cincinnati Club later sold the building in 1983.
The Gateway was later used as a symbolic ceremonial entrance to India for Viceroys and the new Governors of Bombay.
Singapore Conference Hall is a multipurpose building located in the heart of the financial district of Shenton Way in Downtown Core of Singapore.
Several outbuildings still stand near the house, including a servant's quarters and a smokehouse.
It is located in Petra Jaya, Kuching.
One Financial Center is a modern skyscraper adjacent to Dewey Square in the Financial District of Boston, Massachusetts.
The building, which overtops the Victoriei Square, suffered heavy damages during the Second World War, which is why it underwent significant restoration works.
The William Sherman Jennings House is a historic residence in Brooksville, Florida, United States.
Little England Chapel was founded by George C. Rowe.
The site is marked as Nevada Historical Marker 224.
Built in 1926, it is unusual in its choice of construction method.
Florence developed the renowned programming style of The Astor and the quarterly calendar is much looked forward to by lovers of film Australia wide.
The Brotherhood Winery is a winery in Washingtonville, New York.
Ednaston Manor is a country house in Ednaston, near Brailsford, Derbyshire.
Designed by William Le Baron Jenney, it was completed as a 12 story structure in 1894 at a cost of US$800,000.
It remained in the possession of the Bernstorff family until 1812.
It was restored by Page\Park Architects in 1997-1998.
Located just outside today’s Martinsville, Virginia, the plantation thrived in tobacco production and textile manufacturing, as well as producing household goods and raising livestock.
State Street Bank Building, also known as 225 Franklin Street, is a high-rise office building located in the Financial District, Boston, Massachusetts.
In the winter, it serves as an outdoor ice rink that is free to the public.
The building is 240 m when its antenna spire is included.
It is nicknamed Xanadu 2.0 after the title character's estate in Citizen Kane.
An original stone spiral staircase behind the northern arch, designed by Asher Benjamin, led to the second and third floors; it no longer exists.
Built in the 1820s, the Anglo-Indian classical style building originally served as part of George Town's Central Police Station.
The NYSE trading floor is located at 11 Wall Street and is composed of 21 rooms used for the facilitation of trading.
The fort served as Johnson's home, business office and trading center until 1763 when he moved to Johnson Hall in what is now Johnstown, New York.
It is located in the heart of the Central Business District, on Southeast 1st Street near 3rd Avenue.
It originally housed the Chicago Bee, a newspaper serving the African Americans of Chicago.
The building's main use is for office space, the lower floors leased to retailers, with a 350-space car park below the building.
It is three stories tall, built of local limestone, has a stuccoed exterior, tile roof, central 3-stage clock tower, and a Corinthian colonnade.
The building, located in the Cityfront Plaza area, contains 850,000 sq ft of space and three floors of underground parking with 261 spaces.
Cahow, the Sunrise Theatre was designed in the Mediterranean Revival Style by architect John N. Sherwood.
In May, 2007 the Ralph Bunche Alumni Association unveiled a commemorative plaque to be placed on the building.
Construction began in November 2000, following the demolition of the New York Coliseum, and a topping-out ceremony was held on February 27, 2003.
The castle is a military fortification grounded primarily in the late Romanesque period, and elaborated during the early Gothic epoch of Portuguese architecture.
The White Springs Historic District is a historic district in White Springs, Florida.
On site is a visitors' center, featuring a 15-minute orientation film about Lincoln's time in Indiana, and museum and memorial halls.
The Germantown Cricket Club is a cricket club in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
It is located at 6306 Germantown Avenue and is a contributing property of the Colonial Germantown Historic District, which is also a National Historic Landmark.
Trains stop at the adjacent Tokyo Skytree Station and nearby Oshiage Station.
It has been previously known as the GPO Tower, the Post Office Tower and the Telecom Tower.
A.C. Peachey purchased the house from Rafaela Sanchez Peralta on May 18, 1875.
Work on the building began in 1929, to a design by W. G. Davies.
It would restart construction once the developer will give required payments to the project.
It is the tallest building in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana and is the 13th tallest building in the Greater New Orleans area.
In addition to the mansion there is the Visitors Center that houses a gift shop, museum and meeting space.
It has always been a major tourist attraction and since the 1930s has been a symbolic center focused on race relations.
The Bank of Commerce Building is an office tower in downtown Windsor, Ontario.
Construction began in January 1975, and it was first occupied in November 1982.
The Swedish Museum of Natural History, in Stockholm, is one of two major museums of natural history in Sweden, the other one being located in Gothenburg.
The castle is situated above the town of Spišské Podhradie and the village of Žehra, in the region known as Spiš.
It is named after the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama, the first European to arrive in India by sail, in 1498.
Being the very first dedicated television tower in the Soviet Union, the Saint Petersburg TV Tower is utilized for transmitting for FM-/TV-broadcasting throughout the federal city.
The design of Tour Les Poissons includes a white tower joined with a smaller black tower.
The intros of the dome is carved in stepped patterns and Corinthian columns support the base of the cupola.
The park is also believed to mark where Major Powell started a similar expedition down the two rivers in 1869.
Simpsons of Piccadilly is a large retail store situated at 203-206 Piccadilly in central London.
John Sevier, Tennessee's first governor, is buried on the courthouse lawn.
The church organized its first Sunday School in 1845.
As of 2011, the 2 tower blocks holds a total of 1051 rooms.
The main building was demolished in 1925.
The building is located across the streets from Cadillac Tower and One Detroit Center, and stands next to the Vinton Building.
The pottery continues in operation today, and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1991.
He is currently a Professor of Economics at Harvard University.
It contains a public mausoleum and 15 private mausoleums.
It was designed by Sydney architect Harry Seidler, and remains one of his most definitive works.
The Bowles family is said to have lost its fortune during the Depression.
Sometime in 2012, the tower's official website expired and is now domain parked.
The pub features in the 1999 Atom Egoyan Birmingham-set film Felicia's Journey.
UPS's web tracking system used to list the CACH as "CACH, IL."
Barry was founded as an agricultural community in the 1830s, and most of its development took place between its founding and the Civil War.
The altito structure no longer stands, but acted as José's office and was where he stored his money.
Aliso Village was a housing project in Los Angeles, California.
In 2016, Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers signed a 10-year naming rights agreement for the River Center.
With his experience, Rogers was able to turn the mill into a profitable operation.
The high-rise building was constructed in 1948–1950 as the Veterans Memorial Building.
White Company of Chicago, Illinois was awarded the bid, August 1926.
After CT&T moved to the new tower in 1992, its former home became known as the Burnham Center.
A single stone and earthworks are all that now remain.
On July 24, 1972, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It served as the principal west England maintenance centre until closed in 1986.
The Tiger Inn is one of the eleven active eating clubs at Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey.
Designed in Art-deco style, the Boerentoren may be considered one of Europe's first skyscrapers.
Thomson House and Barn are historic buildings at 795 Chockalog Street in Uxbridge, Massachusetts.
Its telephone number was originally 733-9969 before the area code changed to 619 and then to 760.
It has been in continuous operation at the same location since 1939.
Formerly an office building, it was converted into residential use.
After his death in 1935, the university trustees named the newly constructed physics building the "Pupin Physics Laboratories" in his honor.
The A&H's Maitland Art Center is one of the few examples of Mayan Revival architecture, also known as Fantasy Architecture in the southeast.
The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
The area had served as an Army training ground during the American Civil War.
A part of the palace also houses a museum.
Studies of these samples heavily influenced bomb design.
The building's condition has been maintained due to its history of varied use.
The museum initially struggled to maintain its building and collection, only to be revitalized in the late 20th century, thanks to major renovations.
The building was remodeled in 1976 to house the West Virginia Northern Community College.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 for having local significance in the theme of architecture.
The Wren Building is the signature building of the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, USA.
The Rhea County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse in the center of Dayton, the county seat of Rhea County, Tennessee.
Important school-wide lectures, concerts, and other notable activities are held there from time to time.
The center is directed by Professor Steven Weitzman.
It also enacted a 10-year moratorium against importing African slaves, because they were considered more rebellious, and established penalties against slaveholders' harsh treatment of slaves.
The Old Hamilton County Jail now serves as the Hamilton County Historical Museum.
It was the largest slave uprising in the British mainland colonies, with 42-47 whites and 44 blacks killed.
It stands on the former site of a shot tower, built as part of a lead works in 1826 and retained for the Festival of Britain.
From level three of the gatehouse can be reached since January 1999 directly to the S-Bahn Frankfurt Messe.
The hut was the upper terminal of the original Magic Mile chairlift and housed the lift's upper bullwheel in what is now the guest sleeping quarters.
Rufino Pacific Tower or more commonly known as Rufino Tower or Rufino Plaza is an office skyscraper and is one of the tallest in the Philippines.
The Prairie Avenue District is a historic district in the Near South Side community area of Chicago, Illinois.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 2, 1974.
It was founded by Paul Masson, a pioneer of the California wine industry.
It was the tallest skyscraper in Omaha for over 30 years, until the construction of the First National Bank Tower.
During its height the building housed several U.S. Presidents and actor John Barrymore, among others.
The city's central library is now housed across the Loop in the spacious, post-modernist Harold Washington Library Center opened in 1991.
The Guardian is a class-A office building owned by Wayne County, Michigan and serves as its headquarters.
It is a  2 1⁄2-story brick building, with a tall hip roof, projecting side-gabled wings, and a tall central gable section.
Alexander Crummell, a leading figure advocating black self-sufficiency and civil rights in the mid-19th century.
It is located adjacent to the People's Memorial Cemetery, a historic African-American cemetery.
The district is a Richmond Old and Historic District, as well as being listed on the Virginia Landmarks Register and the National Register of Historic Places.
Marriott World Trade Center was previously located at the address until its destruction in 2001.
It holds the Woodstock Theological Center Library, the remnants of the library of Woodstock College and one of the country's leading Catholic theological libraries.
Others such as the Ye Olde Man & Scythe in Bolton, Greater Manchester and Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem in Nottingham may have better claims.
The school closed in 1990 due to financial difficulties and low enrollment.
The showgrounds were built 1738-46, in a baroque style.
Many girls are wait-listed for entry to the dorm beginning in high school or earlier.
Despite the opposition, construction of One Liberty Place was approved and the first phase of the project began in 1985 and was completed in 1987.
The building bears a striking resemblance to the city hall buildings in Cincinnati and Toronto.
The College building originally contained the Nobel Plaza, second floor Memorial Plaques, machinery toom and convocation hall and now houses two art galleries and a museum.
Because the News Building is only three stories, it is constructed of reinforced concrete and faced with concrete fashioned to look like stone.
At three-and-a-half stories tall, the f3.7irst floor is partly below ground level.
Like Calderwood and Cheoah, Chilhowee is controlled by TVA's Fontana Dam.
It is located at 59 Aegean Avenue.
The international law firm Squire Patton Boggs is headquartered here and a major tenant.
The name is merely "Tredegar" historically, or to cite an earlier form "Tredegyr".
The architecture was influenced by the Castles of the Vasa era, and it bears a resemblance to Vadstena Castle.
The facility was America's smallest commercial distiller at the time of its 1989 closure.
On April 18, 2012, the AIA's Florida Chapter ranked the Fontainebleau first on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years.
The building is of brick construction with many sandstone and art deco features.
Partners in the project included Henry Ho, Samrit Chirathivat, Vichai Maleenont, and Chatri Sophonpanich.
It was built between 1867 and 1871 by Foster and Archibald Ponton.
The building would have sat on top of the South Ferry terminal and tower 1,084 ft above street level, with 60 stories of office space.
Most of the site lies in southwestern Macon County, adjacent to the east side of the town of Andersonville.
Lithics included debitage and a quartz scraper, suggesting a Native American presence at the site prior to the construction of the house.
The Walter H. Gale House, located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park, Illinois, was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and constructed in 1893.
The building's exterior resembles the letter "H" with this clearly evident on the fourth through tenth story floorplans.
Gofney, and continues to be significantly involved in this historic community today.
The Dunsmuir House and Gardens is located in Oakland, California on a 50-acre site.
The name "Luthuli House" is frequently used as a metonym for the national leadership of the ANC.
The fifty-storey building rises 756 feet in the Loop and was completed in 1992, on the site of Chicago's Greyhound Bus Station.
St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a church located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
At one point the enslaved blacks of Beaver Creek were tending a thousand yam plants; in one day they made 660 candles.
In 1942 the original name Castillo de San Marcos, was restored by an Act of Congress.
The NTT Docomo Yoyogi Building is a skyscraper located in the Shibuya in Tokyo, Japan.
OCBC Centre is a 197.7 m, 52-storey skyscraper in Singapore.
The rock is noted for its petroglyphs, carved designs of ancient and uncertain origin, and the controversy about their creators.
On May 3, 1974, the House of Refuge was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The palace was a residence for the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies during the colonial era.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, as the New Heathman Hotel.
Its sections were engineered to bypass rapids in the Lehigh River in Eastern Pennsylvania.
The Oslo Opera House is the home of The Norwegian National Opera and Ballet, and the national opera theatre in Norway.
Rockefeller Center is a large complex consisting of 19 high-rise commercial buildings covering 22 acres between 48th and 51st Streets in New York City.
Pont Reading is a historic home located in the Ardmore section of Haverford Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
The main building was built in 1707 and is set back from Broad Street.
The Opera Tower is a residential skyscraper in Miami, Florida, United States.
Mechanical elevators were used to move goods throughout the building.
It is located at 239 South Indian River Drive.
Government Street Presbyterian reflects the influences of Ithiel Town, Minard Lafever, and Andrew Jackson Downing.
The Ventura County Cultural Heritage Board designated the building County Landmark #36 in December 1977.
It was destroyed during the Dakota War of 1862 on August 19, 1862.
The Iris Theater was a community place.
The Tangier American Legation is a building in the medina of Tangier, Morocco.
Established in 1806, it is one of last and best-preserved of 19th-century resort hotels based around mineral springs.
The tower was designed by the architectural firm of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill and opened in 1988.
It is the neighbor of the Dekum Building, a fellow NRHP listing on Third Avenue.
It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1989.
The second floor was configured as an opera house and auditorium.
Some of the details are vague, and scholars who have tried to compile a plan of the capital have come to different conclusions.
Since 1973 Coindre Hall Park has been administered by the Suffolk County Department of Parks, Recreation & Conservation.
The structure is eight stories high on the Pennsylvania Avenue NW side, and 11 stories high on the E Street NW side.
It is reportedly the oldest working theatre in the United States.
Originally built in 1752 for Joseph Webb, the house remained in the family until around 1820 when it was sold to Martin Welles.
The church also played a role in the American Revolution.
In 1923 it was acquired by Alfred Owen of Rubery Owen and remained the Owen family home until the 1970s.
The Bank of America Plaza is a 42-story skyscraper located in Downtown Tampa, in the U.S. state of Florida, and was completed in 1986.
On December 31, 1979, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
It is significant both for its railroading architecture by Albert Fink and John Rudolph Niernsee and for its role in the Great Railroad Strike of 1877.
The New Richmond Swing Bridge, also known as the Fifty-Seventh Street Bridge, is a one lane swing bridge in Michigan.
It was built between 1865 and 1868, housing eight beam engines by Rothwell & Co. of Bolton.
The mill and its mill village are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
With over 2,000 members, it is one of the largest Unitarian Universalist congregations in the United States.
This building, not really a palace, was given up for the Nazarbaug Palace built in old classical style.
The Center was created in 2010 from the merger of the Mission Mill Museum Association and the adjacent Marion County Historical Society.
In 1993, it was designated a New York City landmark.
It is located at 1, Raisina Road, New Delhi, near the Sansad Bhavan.
They left for New York City in 1820 to found Brown & Bell, a shipyard famous for its clipper ships and steamships.
550 Madison Avenue, is an iconic postmodern 647-foot-tall, 37-story highrise skyscraper located at 550 Madison Avenue in Manhattan.
It is the 4th tallest building in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1965, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
After she died in 1907, Ella and Joseph B. Dibrell purchased the building to preserve it as an art center in memory of her.
The city continued to grow, and its business district continued to expand, from 1860 until 1900; however, a fire destroyed much of its downtown in 1900.
The building, designed by Magnus Isæus and built in 1882-91, features a spire-like roof, which is a well-known silhouette on the skyline of central Stockholm.
Despite varying opinions, the tower is now often regarded as a modern landmark of the Lithuanian capital.
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as Ebenezer Townsite and Jerusalem Lutheran Church in 1974.
The lower floors are an extension of the hotel.
From 1965 to 1967, a committee assisted with furnishing the house, but the governor retained the authority to make changes.
Numerous components of the structure, such as plaster ceilings in common areas, were saved, preserved, or reused in the renovations.
It was also home to Cunard's passenger facilities for trans-Atlantic journeys that departed from Liverpool.
The tower has become one of the most prominent landmarks of Baku, often in the establishing shot of films set in the city.
As of 1994 it was being used by a non-denominational congregation.
Pearl Bank Apartments is a high-rise private residential building on Pearl's Hill in Outram, near the Chinatown of Singapore.
The Malcolm S. Forbes Jr. '70 College is one of the six residential colleges that house all freshmen and sophomores at Princeton University.
It is widely reputed as "The Place Where China Meets The World".
Most plants are labeled with botanic and common names.
No forge is at the site now.
With the population growing fast the people were housed in ill drained streets.
The Ryugyong Hotel is an unfinished 105-story, 330 metres tall pyramid-shaped skyscraper in Pyongyang, North Korea.
The Montvale Hotel is a boutique hotel in Spokane, Washington.
It is one of Poland's most notable churches with a Neoclassical facade.
It contains 80 acres and 94 buildings.
Construction began in 1922, the building was dedicated in 1932, and the interior finally completed in 1970.
It is roughly bounded by Henry, Cragsmoor and Sam's Point roads, a Y-shaped area of 3,620 acres.
Single-story wings, originally housing bank offices, extend along each side.
Forest Retreat is a historic home of Kentucky governor and United States Senator Thomas Metcalfe, located in Nicholas County, Kentucky.
It was just south of the fortified Old Delhi constructed by Sher Shah Suri.
In 1990 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
On July 7, 1983, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Historical Society of Watertown purchased the house in 1922.
A Baltimore City Landmark plaque at the entrance reads:
80 South Street is a residential skyscraper proposed for construction in New York City.
Samuel Slater, the mill's founder, apprenticed as a young man in Belper, England with industrialist Jedediah Strutt.
It was restored from 1977 through 1981.
It is a full-service library and ADA compliant.
It has a painting of deer stags.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
It includes two mansions, the Senator Stephen Benton Elkins House and Graceland, that are separately listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Bremo Slave Chapel was listed on the Virginia Landmarks Register in December 1979 and the National Register of Historic Places in March 1980.
Higher stories retain a greater degree of integrity, due to components such as a metal entablature, a cornice supported by brackets.
It is fronted by an umbrello which is open air.
The Clarence Kleinkopf Round Barn is a round barn in McDonough County, Illinois, United States.
Noteworthy guests such as William Ewart Gladstone and Mark Twain were once entertained there.
The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976, and was designated a New York City Landmark in 1998.
The Ephraim Smith House was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
These were the first gardens in the South Island to receive the title.
It is intended to be opened in 2193, Toronto's quadricentennial anniversary.
The centerpiece is the 54-story Mori Tower.
The Hotel Blanche is a historic site in Lake City, Florida, United States.
It was added to the National Register of Historical Places in 1981 for its architectural significance and the educational impact on the community up to 1924.
The former district council and parliamentary constituency both took their name from the priory.
The home barely survived fires and neglect through the years.
With the arrival of Wolfe's daughter and son-in-law in 1906, the newer, surviving structures were built.
In 2008 Jones Lang LaSalle announced that a 25,000 square feet fitness center named "Elevation" would move into 1700 Pacific.
The E. Brown House is an historic house located at 7 Sutton Street, in Uxbridge, Massachusetts.
The periodic lime kiln is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, a designation it gained in August 1999.
The Harrington Meeting House is a historic colonial meeting house at 278 Harrington Road in Bristol, Maine.
EBR-I subsequently generated sufficient electricity to power its building, and continued to be used for experimental purposes until it was decommissioned in 1964.
The Charles Street Jail or "Suffolk County Jail" is an infamous former jail located at 215 Charles Street, Boston, Massachusetts.
Despite only being three bays wide and seven bays deep, the building's design was seen to give it an "overwhelmingly massive and powerful" appearance.
The depot was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
The seven story building is 158 feet tall; its entrance is at 29th Avenue and Wadsworth Boulevard.
Citizens of Albion had actively lobbied for the school's establishment, and donated land and labor for the new campus.
Mrs. Schröder lived in the house until her death in 1985.
The northwest residential area includes a variety of architectural styles and has a more rural character.
Frank Lloyd Wright purchased the property and built the home in 1889 with a $5,000 loan from his employer Louis Sullivan.
Local dignitaries such as Senator Cushman K. Davis and Archbishop John Ireland spoke at the dedication.
In the event of a blackout, the tower's own diesel emergency generator will start.
The purchase from Safeco included Safeco Tower, three adjacent buildings, a residential building with 29 units, two parking garages and two surface parking lots.
For other places with the same name, see Little Norway
In 1873, due to overcrowding at both of Kentucky's mental hospitals, the House of Reform was converted into the Fourth Kentucky Lunatic Asylum, with Dr. C.C.
King Manor, also known as the Rufus King House, is in Jamaica, Queens.
Its Long Dining Room houses 12 of the 13 celebrated 17th-century paintings, by Francisco de Zurbarán, of Jacob and his 12 sons.
The Bering Expedition Landing Site was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1978.
Highclere Castle  is a country house in the Jacobethan style by the architect Charles Barry, with a park designed by Capability Brown.
It was converted back to use as a hotel in 2013–15 under its original name.
Some architects from the Seidler office saved the Utzon artwork from being destroyed.
It was the living quarters of the last Württemberg King Wilhelm II.
It was 97 miles long and for much of its course followed the Chenango River, along Rt.
The wings, which doubled the floor space of the building to about 233,750 square feet, were added later for $12.5 million.
The house itself is designated on the National Heritage List for England as a Grade I listed building.
Hunt was commissioned by his brother-in-law, Joseph Howland, to design a home for a subscription library he donated to the city.
It was used for multiple purposes throughout its existence, serving commercial, government and entertainment functions.
Sunday church services and private weddings are still held at Spring Valley.
Stine was the owner of Woodward’s First National Bank which was built on the corner of 8th and Main in 1901.
The tower's steel structure was topped out on August 30, 2012.
The complex was closed in 1976, and a number of structures were demolished in the early 1980s.
The mansion is a historic landmark, and in 1978 it was awarded inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Jekyll Island Club was a private club on Jekyll Island, on Georgia's Atlantic coast.
The city chose to auction the building to the public in January 2009.
The Claflin School is a historic former school building at 110–112 Washington Park, Newtonville, Massachusetts.
Royal Bank of Canada currently shares the space, with plans for other professional service firms to take occupancy as well in the near future.
The Adena Court Apartments are an apartment building in downtown Zanesville, Ohio, United States.
The towers were built and opened in 1995 to become the head office of the Société Générale, one of France's largest banking groups.
The 33-story first phase was completed in 1997 under the firm name of Lohan Associates.
It served as the city's high school until 1958, and then as a junior high school, before it was rehabilitated for residential use.
The building was developed in 2001–2003 by Canary Wharf Group as one of five new buildings on its Heron Quays site.
Like many plantation homes built between 1830 and 1860, Oak Alley was designed with a second story veranda.
The York Civic Centre is a government building in Toronto, Canada.
The Dermon Building is a historic building in Memphis, Tennessee, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
At 1,046 feet, the structure was the world's tallest building for 11 months before it was surpassed by the Empire State Building in 1931.
The Ohio Savings Plaza is a commercial high-rise building in Cleveland, Ohio.
Together with a water mill and trading site the house is operated as a non-profit museum by Historic Hudson Valley.
The building, a part of the Prudential Center complex, currently stands as the 2nd-tallest building in Boston, behind 200 Clarendon Street.
Following his election as president on November 4, 2008, Barack Obama set up transitional offices in the building, prompting heightened security measures in the surrounding area.
It took three months to repair the damage.
Additional benches are outside, where there are designated bus boarding bays in a traffic-free transfer area.
It was once advertised as "Ottawa's glittering answer to the Toronto Dominion Centre and Place Ville Marie".
As president of the Arcade Company, Barney made sure the Arcade had the latest innovations, including elevators, a power plant and a cold storage plant.
In 2008, and again in 2014, the road course layout was modified to accommodate motorcycle racing, as well as to improve competition.
This office building is 228 metres high and has 67 storeys.
The tallest building in United Arab Emirates is Burj Khalifa, which rises 828 metres and contains 163 floors.
The next owner of the home was Charlotte Wright Bradley).
The name was somewhat incorrect as Simcoe was never called himself a Lord.
In 1856, Sultan Abdulmejid I decided to move the court to the newly built Dolmabahçe Palace.
Hickey, however, was convicted of fraud in 2005 and sent to prison in 2007 for swindling 700 investors out of $18.5 million.
It is the manor house of the manor of Petworth.
The Emirates Office Tower One is taller than the neighboring Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel, but has two fewer floors.
The interior of the De Anza is distinguished by a main lobby where Art Deco elements are integrated into a predominantly Spanish Colonial Revival decorative scheme.
Tinker Swiss Cottage was featured on season 8, episode 20 of Ghost Hunters, and offers monthly paranormal tours.
The building, which is across the street from the Idaho State Capitol, is now used by the University of Idaho for offices.
It was built in 1874, and rehabilitated in 1973.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The building houses the County Clerk, Treasurer and State's Attorney's Office among others.
Temple Street bisects the Green into upper and lower halves.
The Arts Tower and Library are Grade II* listed buildings.
The Hawaii State Capitol is the official statehouse or capitol building of the U.S. state of Hawaii.
It is a grade II listed building.
At 360 acres, Branch Brook Park is the largest public park in the city of Newark.
On May 4, 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Its properties were developed primarily from the Colonial era to the end of the 19th century, when the district reached its present form.
This structure would be composed of over 3,000,000 tons of reinforced steel.
Nearby, Miloš's Konak existed, and it was destroyed in 1941, during World War II, and also, Princess Ljubica Konak, that burned down in 1884.
Even Charles Lindbergh soared in a Bowlus sailplane along the cliffs of Point Loma in 1930.
A design of leading Japanese architect Kenzo Tange, the hotel was well known for its "distinctive saw-toothed facade" of aluminium and glass.
It would have been the first skyscraper constructed in Louisville since the 35-story AEGON Center was completed in 1993.
The building was designed by architect Reverend Ignatius Scoles in 1887, and was completed in June 1889.
The building housing the museum retains the Elvehjem name.
As of 2010, the Home Savings bank building was owned by New York City based Heights Real Estate Company.
Options are currently being considered regarding the future of the building.
It was one of several barns added as part of the Round Barns in Illinois Multiple Property Submission.
To this day it is the highest reference point between Terazije and Slavija.
A bridge at the mezzanine level links the tower to Western Bank Library.
It was razed during to the invasion of Girindrawardhana to defeat Kertabhumi in 1478.
It was converted to a summer hotel called the Burg Alnwick Hotel.
The Casartelli Building, built in 1760, was a grade II* listed building at the meeting of Hanover Street and Duke Street, Liverpool, England.
MyBrickell: From 2012 to 2014 a smaller building named myBrickell was built directly to the west of 500 Brickell, on the same lot.
This location was the place where Atlanta's first elections were held in 1848 and where T. G. Healey's grandsons built the William-Oliver Building in 1930.
Knightshayes Court is a Victorian country house near Tiverton, Devon, England, designed by William Burges for the Heathcoat-Amory family.
The house was built in 1783 for Silas Gardner, a miller.
The gardens are open to the public all year round on particular weekdays and the house by appointment only for large groups.
The Rhinebeck Village Historic District is located along US 9 and NY 308 in Rhinebeck, New York, United States.
The Isaac Royall House is a historic house located at 15 George Street, Medford, Massachusetts.
In the 1990s it was still being used for the storage of wines and spirits.
The Sail @ Marina Bay is a waterfront lifestyle condominium located in the Marina Bay area in Singapore.
The house is owned by the National Park Service and is open to the public as part of Vicksburg National Military Park.
It was built in the late 18th century as a public house, and used to be known as the Queen's Head.
The main lodge is a three story chalet with a half-timbered effect, with birch bark filling the role usually played by brick or stucco.
It is built in a combination of the Federal and Queen Anne architectural styles.
In 1980, when the Downtown Albany Historic District was listed on the Register, it was included as a contributing property.
It was located in what is now Atoka County, Oklahoma.
The building is located at the corner of North Bayshore Drive and Northeast 18th Street.
On September 16, 2015, a massive renovation project was begun, one of the City of Philadelphia's massive reconstruction projects between 2015-2035.
The newspaper reporter concluded, "A place like this, in the vicinity of Cincinnati, would be thronged with the admirers of nature and art thus happily combined."
Edgecombe Avenue has also been co-named "Paul Robeson Boulevard".
Walsh is located on Main Quad, directly south of Sorin Hall and is directly north of the Knights of Columbus Building.
The Morrow Plots is an experimental agricultural field at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
On June 15, 1990, St. Luke's and its cemetery were added to the National Register of Historic Places as Old St. Luke's Episcopal Church and Cemetery.
The estate changed hands several times thereafter until eventually it was let to several tenants until being presented to Bradford Corporation in 1912.
The shopping mall, previously under the management of CapitaLand Retail, was transferred to Wheelock Properties.
Heidelberg Town Hall is a civic building located on Upper Heidelberg Road in Ivanhoe, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.
Their marriage in 1718, was the first between European settlers in Goshen.
A narrow gallery, accessed by stairs within the auditorium space, wraps around its rear and side walls.
Iran's increasing wealth sparked modernization programs and sent the art industry into a renaissance-like period.
Alexander Campbell Mansion, also known as Campbell Mansion or Alexander Campbell House was the home of minister Alexander Campbell and his family in West Virginia.
The complex was expanded over the centuries, with major renovations after the 1509 earthquake and the 1665 fire.
Across from the Tower, is First National Bank Park, which includes a large public art display and fountain.
The three-story home originally stood on 14 acres that included a grass tennis court, a greenhouse and a number of outbuildings.
The Old Manse is a historic manse in Concord, Massachusetts, United States famous for its American historical and literary associations.
Strasbourg Cathedral or the Cathedral of Our Lady of Strasbourg, also known as Strasbourg Minster, is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Strasbourg, Alsace, France.
Its bar today is named Harry's Bar after the manager who ran it in the 60s.
Citigroup Centre is a 243 m skyscraper located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Brown tile blocks were used to build the barn, which is topped by a wood shingle roof with a cupola.
It was said that the tower blocked traffic.
Pine Glenn Cove is a vacation retreat, also known by various other names, including Hatch's Camp, Forest Hills and St. Ann's Retreat.
It is located at 1009 Taylor Road.
The Grant Building is 40-story, 147.8 m skyscraper at 310 Grant Street in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The tower was constructed to house a large water pump, intended to draw water from Lake Michigan.
The house is now a non-profit museum, with an admission fee charged for tours, as well as an active settlement house with programs for children.
The point blocks were among the tallest buildings in Glasgow at 89 metres, second in overall height behind the former Bluevale and Whitevale Towers in Camlachie.
Construction was interrupted when the kickbacks and corruption involved in the construction of the building were disclosed to the public.
It stands at 55 stories tall, reaching 806 ft.
The 320 South Boston Building, formerly known as the National Bank of Tulsa Building, is a 22-story highrise building located in downtown Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The present church was built in 1828 of stones taken from the original church built in 1700.
They reach speeds of 5 to 6 metres per second.
Other marques with showrooms there that have since dissolved include Hudson, Locomobile, Marmon, and Pierce-Arrow.
The 1857 Fort Tejon earthquake did significant damage to the residence, and due to José's declining health, his son Pablo spearheaded renovations.
The Latvian National Theatre is the national theatre of Latvia in Riga.
It is also the sixth tallest building in Texas and the 61st tallest building in the United States.
The building was designed by JPJ Architects and developed by Bramalea Limited of Toronto.
The building is known for its distinctive gold-tinted windows and the steel beams that run up and down the building.
A replica of the palace was built in Sasebo, Japan, in a theme park bearing the same name.
The historic district located along Illinois Route 146 and was added to the Register in 1976.
The lattice also allows cool air from the Venturi effect through the intricate pattern, air conditioning the whole area during the high temperatures in summers.
By the 20th century, the land was occupied by the American Sugar Refinery facilities.
The Old Sacramento Historic District is a U.S. National Historic Landmark District.
Six generations of the family have lived there and it remains a private residence for Bull's descendants today.
During the flood of 1937 the museum, which was located in the basement, was forced to move to the Monserrat school.
The home is now known as the Magoffin Home State Historic Site under the authority of the Texas Historical Commission.
Branch Brook Park is undergoing a $25 million ten-year restoration program.
The building is owned by Cousins Properties of Atlanta, Georgia.
Gilman Hall is a building on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley.
With the exception of 1904 and possible 1916 sailing was always a part of the Olympic program.
Prospect Place also featured a unique refrigeration system to cool milk, cheese, butter, etc.
After two years of renovations by Richard Meier, the building was reopened in 1970 as Westbeth Artists Community for low to middle income artists.
It caters mainly to students from University of Leeds, Leeds Beckett University and Leeds College of Music.
At this time, the DOTD determined that the useful life of the bridge had been exhausted and it was time to consider its replacement.
On June 30, 1972, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Later John had numerous aviaries built - one of those aviaries still stands in front of the homestead house.
Part of a two-pronged invasion of the British Province of Quebec, his expedition passed through the wilderness of what is now Maine.
The Trump International Hotel and Tower Vancouver is a skyscraper in Downtown Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
The towers will range from having 35 floors to having 45, except for the centerpiece, which is 66 floors.
Woodland was incorporated in 1842 by John Whitten Van Cleve, the first male child born in Dayton.
Catton Hall has also hosted the Festival of Fireworks since 2007, it is held on the first Saturday in September.
Since 2010, it has belonged to the Stephen Gaynor School.
The family moved into the three-story home in 1832.
Galileo Galilei was an Italian polymath: astronomer, physicist, engineer, philosopher, and mathematician.
It re-opened in 1987 and continues to operate.
Ostrogski Palace, or Ostrogski Castle, is a mansion in the city center of Warsaw, on ulica Tamka.
The house, which is a private residence, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The original building and one additional building) survive today.
In 2002, a police informant was found murdered near a homeless encampment under the bridge.
It was built from 1864 to 1867 as the residence of a farm in what was then rural land outside the urban center.
The chalets were intended to entice visitors to leave the hotels and see the backcountry in a more rustic manner.
The heights of the planned apartment blocks ranges from 5 to 49 stories.
The Pendennis Club is a private club in Louisville, Kentucky.
Lasipalatsi is one of Helsinki's most notable functionalist buildings.
However, the dam produced no electricity for Seattle until 1936.
The housing project is named after Frederick Douglass, African American abolitionist, author, and reformer.
The Pritzker Prize-winning architect Richard Rogers won an international architectural design competition, managed by RIBA Competitions, to design the building.
About half of it is salt marshes, about a quarter is wooded, and it has "fine" beaches.
Omni Bedford Springs Resort is a resort hotel outside of Bedford, Pennsylvania.
Starting in late 2014, the New York City Parks Department will disassemble the tower to restore the structure and ensure its soundness and stability before reconstruction.
It includes the Cabbagetown District, a historic district listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The centre behind the entrance is used for exhibitions, conferences, and concerts.
The church's shallow scalloped dome echoes his Marin County Civic Center.
Originally known as Haines Mill, it was built in 1778 by Isaac Haines and partners along the Southwest Branch of Rancocas Creek.
The rail line is now part of the BNSF Railway.
The star fort was built to guard a portage known as the Oneida Carrying Place during the French and Indian War.
Looking over Torrens Lake, the centre is home to most of Adelaide's major conventions.
The Jefferson Theatre is a historic performing arts theatre located on Fannin Street in downtown Beaumont, Texas.
Over time the project has undergone several periods when the construction was stopped or slowed due to financial constraints or political conflicts.
The palace is located between Palais Herberstein and Palais Modena.
The property was acquired by the State of Connecticut in 1943.
Sennott Square is a major academic building on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is claimed by the National Trust to be "unique in Europe as the most complete survival of 17th century fashion and power."
Moreover, the Center for Sustainable Landscapes, designed to be as environmentally sustainable as possible, is also LEED Platinum certified, and produces all of its own energy.
The O. T. Bassett Tower is an Art Deco skyscraper located at 303 Texas Avenue in Downtown El Paso, Texas.
With the exception of 1904 and possible 1916 sailing was always a part of the Olympic program.
The house is 2-1/2 stories with an L-shaped plan.
The records of Orange County Court and all deeds and mortgages filed in the county were kept there as well.
The address of the building is 1735 Market Street.
Each one is 586 feet tall with 58 floors.
Fair Park is a 277-acre recreational and educational complex located in Dallas, Texas.
Reportedly, Abbott said, "Feels as if my neck's been scratched".
It is located along State Route 5, a scenic byway which runs between the independent cities of Richmond and Williamsburg.
The fountain was moved to the other side of the road, closer to the Mansion House in 1987.
The tower, opened in 1963, is 75 metres tall and has a revolving restaurant with 100 seats.
It served previously as the Royal Palace, until the abolition of the monarchy by referendum in 1974.
The Liberty/Paramount Theatre is an early movie palace located on West Federal Street and Hazel Avenue in Youngstown, Ohio.
The steel wings rise from the common podium of a shopping mall comprising five floors - three above-ground and two below.
Horodecki unique architectural style earned him praise as the Antoni Gaudí of Kiev.
By 1939, the Palomar had been remodeled.
It is flanked by Tranquility Park and the Houston Public Library.
The Eric Williams Plaza was named after Eric Williams, the first prime minister of Trinidad and Tobago.
It is one of the buildings in the area that predates the new surrounding Lakeshore East development.
It holds 1.7 million volumes on six floors and has accommodations for individual and group study on all levels.
It was erected by a team of about sixty Wai-Wai Amerindians, one of the nine indigenous tribes of Guyana.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The design is derived from the Islamic architecture of the region, such as in the Great Mosque of Samarra.
One Bayfront Plaza is a proposed supertall skyscraper at one point approved for construction in the U.S. city of Miami, Florida.
Female members of the Sultan's family lived in the harem, and leading state officials, including the Grand vizier held meetings in the Imperial Council building.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has been in and out of the hotel business since 1928.
Extensive renovations commenced in 2004 and were completed in 2006.
The building had been vacant for seven years.
The original buildings were built using native limestone - greystone - which was mined just north of campus.
It is also accessible by the 501 Queen and 502 Downtowner streetcar routes.
It has been owned by the state since 1948, and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
Although their location is not in a prime residential area of Toronto, they provide panoramic views of Toronto's skyline and the Don Valley.
On April 21, 2000, the building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
They offered the public "a unique opportunity to own a contemporary style home modeled after the California Ranch style popularized on the west coast."
Lebold Mansion was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Fort Dunlop, is the common name of the original tyre factory and main office of Dunlop Rubber in the Erdington district of Birmingham, England.
It was constructed by in 1180, by Donogh O'Donoghoe Mac Gilla Patraic, the King of Osraige.
Today The Dorchester has five restaurants: The Grill, Alain Ducasse, The Spatisserie, The Promenade, and China Tang.
In 1978, it was purchased and underwent a renovation to become the HCA.
It is located in Downtown's Brickell Financial District.
He graduated from St. Olaf College in 1905, and got a position there teaching Norwegian and writing.
In following years, the canal began to degrade through lack of upkeep.
The house is operated as a museum.
The antebellum mansion was built by Mittie's father, Major James Stephens Bulloch.
Plans were to fully open the site to the public in 2009, but cost overruns delayed the opening.
It opened to the public on May 16, 2009.
Commercial wine production ceased in 1963 due to a lack of profitability, and much of the land was sold to the Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Aspire Tower, also known as The Torch Doha, is a 300-metre-tall skyscraper hotel located in the Aspire Zone complex in Doha, Qatar.
Many of Langston Hughes's plays were developed and premièred at the theater.
Its postmodernist approach to style incorporates traditional design elements and gives them modern treatments.
Several prominent territorial pioneers, including Charles Christmas, Edwin Hedderly, and Philander Prescott are buried there.
It was built in 1869 for John Hamilton, President of the Merchant's Bank of Montreal.
The project renovation is expected to be completed by July 2015.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
KOIN Center is a 155.15 m, 35-story, skyscraper in Portland, Oregon, USA.
Oatlands is operated by the National Trust for Historic Preservation and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a National Historic Landmark.
Arrangements were made for the dismantling of the building and shipping by freight train back to Maine.
The claymation animated series, The PJs, was based on the housing project, as well.
The community of Nambe is separate from the pueblo.
It is also home to the downtown campus of Park University.
The government, which provided the building, would get only 10% of the income.
The buildings form a rectangle measuring 164 by 145 metres.
It is typical of the many oyster culling houses which once lined the local waterfront, providing work for hundreds of predominantly Dutch immigrant local residents.
Land to the east of the lake is in a state of permafrost which helps to prevent drainage of the area.
The Grand Army of the Republic Hall, also known as John M. Hagadorn Post No.
The several architectural styles found in the area reflect turn-of-the-century trends, when solidarity and simplicity began to take precedence over the exuberance of the Victorian era.
While a sacred building dedicated to the city's patron goddess, the Parthenon was actually used primarily as a treasury.
Tickets can be purchased to ascend by stairs or lift to the first and second levels.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 24, 1972.
Karlštejn Castle is a large Gothic castle founded 1348 CE by Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor-elect and King of Bohemia.
The remaining grounds, Croxteth Park, were at one time a hunting chase of the Molyneux family and are now open to the public.
The court house is distinguished by a Doric portico with six fluted columns.
The Villa Louis, also known as Dousman Mansion, is a National Historic Landmark located on St. Feriole Island, in Prairie du Chien, southwestern Wisconsin.
It had been in business since 1879 and in the same location since 1892 until it closed on February 14, 2004.
The Pierhead Building is part of the estate of the National Assembly for Wales, which also includes the Senedd and Ty Hywel.
In 2006, the dredge was added to the National Register of Historic Places and was opened to the public.
The house was built in 1938 for Dr. A. Porter Davis, a prominent African-American physician.
The rectangular palace surrounded formal gardens, the northern parts of which have been reconstructed.
Mundelein College was located just south of Loyola's Lake Shore Campus.
There are about seven palaces inclusive of this; however, Mysore Palace refers specifically to the one within the Old Fort.
The new proposal is being developed to take account of concerns expressed about a previous scheme which was withdrawn from planning in 2009.
Carlisle was built out of a former military barracks.
Aarhus City Hall is the city hall of Aarhus, Denmark.
It includes Greek Revival, Stick/Eastlake, and Queen Anne architecture.
It has been the most selective club on the street since 2013, with 227 students bickering in Spring 2015, forty-four percent of whom were offered membership.
In 1973 the Home was no longer in use, though various agencies maintained offices there.
111 Huntington Avenue is a Boston skyscraper.
The Curtis Arboretum is a forty-five-acre arboretum located at 1250 Church Road, Wyncote, Pennsylvania in Cheltenham Township, near Philadelphia.
Built on the island Lovön, it is one of Sweden's Royal Palaces.
Biomes representing global climate zones include: Himalayan Mountains, Tropical Rainforest, Desert, and Pacific Island Water Garden.
The Basilica of Saint Mary is the co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis.
Three astragals, one by Nikolaus Geiger and two others by George T. Brewster, surround the stone obelisk.
Crain Communications Building is a 49-story, 582 foot skyscraper located at 150 North Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago, Illinois.
The Château de Méréville is a chateau in Méréville in the valley of the Juine, France.
Construction on the complex started in 1979 and ended in 1986.
Colonel Linklaen was the agent of the Holland Land Company upon whose recommendation the Company purchased the 135,000-acre tract of land where the village grew.
The house, garden and grounds are in the guardianship of English Heritage, have been restored and are open to the public.
The Stockyards Exchange is a building in South St. Paul, Minnesota, United States, built in 1887 by the recently formed Union Stock Yards Company of Omaha.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The fort was an important stop on the York Factory Express trade route to London via Hudson Bay.
Informal horse races had been held along neighboring Main Street since the 1750s.
Each successive tenant has been a little less able to pay adequate rent until the present occupants have commercialized the homes in one form or another.
Building, but was renamed to Ascott Raffles Place after the Ascott Group completed its redevelopment of the building into a serviced apartment residence in November 2008.
The exterior of the building is primarily Neoclassical and Art Nouveau and the interior is primarily Art Deco.
Bordering Chavasse Park, it is part of Liverpool One, a 42-acre £920m redevelopment of Liverpool's city centre, the developer was the Duke of Westminster's Grosvenor Group.
Its facade is black, consisting of a structural steel frame.
The building is named after Gilbert Sheldon, chancellor of the University at the time and the project's main financial backer.
It was restored in 1995 for $500,000, being the first of many of Fort Pierce's successes in preservation.
His business plan, reviewed by the Greater Eureka Chamber of Commerce, suggested that he has "ambitious" plans to honor the inn's "integrity as a historic hotel."
It was the palace where the erstwhile ruler, the Seventh Nizam, Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII, of Hyderabad state lived.
Today it is the spiritual home to a small, but thriving congregation, and is member of the United Church of Christ.
The term Langevin Block was previously used as a metonym for the Prime Minister's Office and the Privy Council Office.
The structure contains around 20,000 square feet of rentable space per typical floor with a total of 783,930 square feet of rentable space.
OpernTurm is a 43-storey 170 m skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt, Germany.
It is located on 712 Waineʻe Street, coordinates 20°52′31″N 156°40′36″W.
Similarly, the Queen Anne style appears in such components as the elevated ashlar foundation, ornamental dormers, and multiple stone courses on the walls.
Its front and side walls are coursed brick, two bricks thick.
It is one of the oldest surviving indoor ice hockey venues in the world, although it has not hosted a hockey game in many years.
Tragically, with the onset of the Great Depression, William Krause committed suicide in the family’s apartment on the second floor.
At that time it was the tallest building west of the Mississippi River at 606 ft, surpassing the Southland Center in Dallas.
He would later relocate to West Orange, New Jersey in 1884 to what is now the Thomas Edison National Historical Park.
The Frederick Lunkenheimer House is a historic residence on the east side of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
The site is known for the discovery of a 24,000-year-old Cro-Magnon child, later referred to as the Lapedo child.
The web site of the Ohio Historic Preservation Office of the Ohio Historical Society says "William and Rebecca Cochran came from Adams County, Pennsylvania in 1814.
Over time, the house went through at least two renovations.
It was built in 1927 as Barlum Tower.
They used hand, horse, wind, and water power, and made their own furniture, clothes, and other goods.
The expansion also added an entrance on Monroe Street and enlarged the lobby.
The 700-acre state park protects beehive-shaped charcoal ovens constructed in the latter half of the 19th century.
The castle was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1985 for its architecture.
Bank of America Tower joined Hyatt Regency Phoenix in Downtown Phoenix with their temporary football themed decor.
It was built from 1989 to 1991 and it comprises 50 levels of office accommodation and 4 levels of plant.
It holds several artifacts of Indiana and American importance, and a genealogy center.
Blue Harbor Resort and Spa is a resort, water park and conference center in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
The Lena Electric Plant Building was constructed in 1905 and the reservoir completed in 1907.
The building is now managed by the National Park Service within the Independence National Historical Park and is open for tours by the public.
The Lexington Financial Center, locally known as "Fifth Third" or the "Big Blue Building", is a 357,361 sq ft, 410 ft 31-floor high-rise in Lexington, Kentucky.
Water levels reached about 18 inches above the floor and the 5 foot stilts upon which the house rests.
It is informally called West Point by UPS.
It was inaugurated on June 23, 1976.
President's Park, located in Washington, D.C., encompasses the White House, a visitor center, Lafayette Square, and The Ellipse.
It is owned by Hongkong Land Limited, a subsidiary of Jardines.
It is said that the house was the model for House Beautiful in John Bunyan's The Pilgrim's Progress.
The building now houses the O2 Academy Glasgow.
The Sun Mercantile Building is a warehouse building in Phoenix, Arizona designed by E.W.
The New Gate was built at the highest point of the present wall, at 790 metres above sea level.
It was purchased for $17,500 by the County soon after.
The associated Mission San Diego de Alcalá later moved a few miles away.
For more than 40 years, the laboratory had a major impact on the lives of people worldwide.
It once housed the superior courts of the country: the Federal Court of Malaysia, the Court of Appeals and the High Court of Malaya.
An earlier home of Thomas Metcalfe, the Thomas Metcalf House in Robertson County, is also listed on the National Register.
It was accused of cannibalizing Philadelphia's other skyscrapers by attracting Dechert LLP and other Philly-area tenants.
The Bay Isle Commercial Building is a historic site in Tampa, Florida, United States.
The observation floor at the 69th level used to offer views over Shenzhen and northern Hong Kong but has been converted to office space.
The Rheinturm carries aerials for directional radio, FM and TV transmitters.
The MSS Building was built in 1968, as part of the UMIST campus.
It was built in 1893 at the Columbian Exposition in Chicago.
Later it was expanded again to include the graves and cenotaphs of prominent Texans and their spouses.
It was designed by Sidney Stott and W. W. Gibbings in the 1920s.
Within it are 168 buildings, 15 structures and 11 objects, all located amidst a quiet, heavily wooded ridgetop community.
The tower was erected in 1781 for Hugh Percy, 1st Duke of Northumberland, and commands extensive views over North Northumberland and the Borders.
The Dr. Willard Van Orsdel King House is an historic U.S. home in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
It is located at 1450 Flagler Avenue.
The station and grounds are open to visitors, who must register at the main office.
It was built to house 1,100 people and was an immediate cornerstone of the "Drag".
Construction of the building began in 2004, and ended in February 2007.
The Academy/DPHA serves the general public directly as well.
IFC was also developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties, along with another major Hong Kong developer, Henderson Land.
The house was moved to the current location in the mid-1960s to serve as a museum about the local area.
Just behind it is S. S. Seward Institute, the local secondary school, named after Seward's father.
It represents the height of style from 1875-1899.
The two-storey buildings located on the site were demolished in December 2008.
It is open from March to June, and September on weekends, and is open to the public seven days a week during July and August.
Powers Auditorium, in Youngstown, Ohio is one of the largest auditoriums in the Youngstown-Warren area.
On September 11, 1986, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It was constructed in 1986 and is located on Church Street and Fifth Avenue North.
Dubois-Kierstede Stone House is one of several historic stone buildings in Saugerties, New York.
Chatsworth House is a stately home in Derbyshire, England.
It is a 1,000+ acre working farm owned and operated by the state Department of Environmental Conservation as an environmental education center.
The National Weather Center also has expertise in local and regional climate, numerical modeling, hydrology, and weather radar.
The early glory years following the 1878 grand opening were short-lived.
Some of his works would include those set at the building, such as "Bexar Script No.
St. John's Episcopal Church is an historic church in Tallahassee, Florida.
It has been used for multiple purposes such as concerts, theatrical plays and exhibitions.
The Reich Chancellery was the traditional name of the office of the Chancellor of Germany in the period of the German Reich from 1871 to 1945.
It houses the general offices for PNC Financial Services.
Omonoia Square is a central square in Athens.
The Pacific Building is a historic office building in downtown Portland, Oregon, United States.
After his business became successful, he began courting a young 28-year-old widow, Mary Einhellig Messerschmidt, who had two daughters of her own: Anna and Maria.
The church is a white sided building on a limestone foundation; it is topped by a gable roof with a simple entablature at either end.
Its exterior walls were rebuilt in brick in 1888, whether keeping the original structure intact and/or reused some of its posts and beams.
It was designated a Chicago Landmark on January 12, 1993.
It is run as a partnership between the City of Cape Town and the Western Cape government.
The Cameron Office Complex is more than a building: it is "a varied streetscape of walks, gardens and pavilions.
Dedicated to Eliphalet Nott, president of Union for a remarkable sixty-two years, the 110-foot high by 89-foot wide structure is a National Historic Landmark.
The original building was largely intact as of 1991, except for the loss of a cupola that was removed after a 1951 fire.
The site is a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
The tower then remained the headquarters of Bond's companies until their collapse.
These four buildings are joined by the 7-story Crystal Court.
The lab's existence was announced to the world in the post-WWII era, when it became known universally as Los Alamos.
Amalienborg is the home of the Danish royal family, and is located in Copenhagen, Denmark.
It has since been stabilized to prevent further deterioration of the stone structure.
The San Jacinto Monument is a 567.31-foot-high column located on the Houston Ship Channel in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States, near the city of Houston.
Originally these were for barracks for Sukharev's regiment of streltsy but the streltsy were disbanded at the end of the 17th century.
The Westin Book Cadillac Detroit is a historic skyscraper hotel located at 1114 Washington Boulevard in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Washington Boulevard Historic District.
The title was predominantly used from the mid-17th century to the late 18th century; in the small colonial villages.
On April 4, 1975, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Its primary mission was preparation for Christian ministry.
The Governor's Mansion is a contributing building in the Prospect Avenue Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gwalia in Liverpool, England is a Grade II listed building.
The Raleigh Tavern was a tavern in Williamsburg, Virginia, and was one of the largest taverns in colonial Virginia.
The base building was to be leased for office space after the closing of the Expo, but never found tenants.
The History Center has collected 27,000 artifacts in permanent displays dedicated to the region's history, dating from the Ice Age to the 18th century to present.
It is named after Garvice Delmar Kincaid.
Completed in 1911, it was considered a skyscraper.
The building is a Beaux Arts structure built in 1899 by Ernest Flagg and W.B.
Jean's older brother Pierre Lafitte was a blacksmith, and their associate Renato Beluche may have once owned this building.
The building was used by multiple masonic lodges, mainly Persévérance no.
Tower 1 opened on March 31, 2008, with 1,282 rooms.
The Square is directly west of the senior residential Cuyahoga Metropolitan Housing Authority's Bohn Towers.
The existing house was completed by Mahaffie in 1865.
The Superior Building was one of the earliest skyscrapers to be completed in Cleveland.
When opened on 1 November 2007, it was known as Emirates Marina Hotel & Residence.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
After George Lauder Carnegie died, his widow, Margaret Copley Thaw, remarried and moved to Africa.
It was known as the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza from 2006 to 2016, when it closed for reconstruction.
In 1987, the architectural firm Architects 61 and architect Paul Rudolph re-designed the complex.
The Faros del Panamá is a skyscraper complex currently cancelled in Panama City, Panama.
The fort was further rebuilt and expanded through 1899 and served actively through World War II.
The structure is the longest timbered-piled wharf in the world, and was completed in 1915.
The building houses a 278-room 5-star hotel, a 1,600-seat grand ballroom and a carpark.
Its interiors are an elegant interplay of glass, natural stone and metal.
In 2005, it won the Nederlandse Bouwprijs in the 'Projects' category.
Peddimore Hall is a manor house in the Walmley area of Sutton Coldfield in Birmingham, West Midlands, England.
The Knox County Courthouse is a historic building located at 300 Main Street in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.
On February 21, 1997, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1968.
After this event Majapahit's capital was moved to Daha.
Wesleyan Hall, constructed in 1856, is one of the oldest structures on the University of North Alabama campus, located in Florence, Alabama.
The Willow Tearooms are tearooms at 217 Sauchiehall Street, Glasgow, Scotland, designed by internationally renowned architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh, which opened for business in October 1903.
A few other Tulane offices are housed there as well.
Because a voltage potential of 120 kV existed between the mast and ground, it stood on a 2 metres-high insulator.
Operated by the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, its main purpose is to track and communicate with space missions.
Access to the centre can be from the ground floor on Roma Street or from the Roma Street Parkland.
This dam was featured in Alan Pakula's 1974 thriller The Parallax View, starring Warren Beatty.
Mies created a 1,500-square-foot house that is widely recognized as an iconic masterpiece of International Style of architecture.
It is located in downtown Jackson, Mississippi, south of the Mississippi State Capitol, at the south end of Smith Park.
Located at 50 West Broad Street, it was the tallest building in Columbus from 1927 until 1974 when the Rhodes State Office Tower was completed.
Colonial Williamsburg is a living-history museum and private foundation presenting part of a historic district in the city of Williamsburg, Virginia, United States.
The army administered the park until 1918 when it was transferred to the newly created National Park Service.
This neighborhood is one of the oldest in Indianapolis, dating back to the mid 19th century.
The Old Live Oak City Hall is a historic site in Live Oak, Florida, United States.
It is a private residence, and is not normally open to the public.
The house has been the subject of tales of ghostly activity since at least the 1970s, though no recent reports exist.
There are two small chapels in its interior.
The rustic log cabin features saddle-notched log corners on a stone foundation.
It has drawn attention as an example of early colonial architecture and due to its well-preserved condition compared to other houses built at that time.
Free guided tours of the farmhouse are offered to the public Saturdays and Sundays year-round.
The London-based hotel chain, Le Meridien, was awarded a 10-year management contract for this hotel to be built at the Cyberport complex.
It consists of two areas: the 245-acre Boughton Hill portion, the area of longhouses and burials, has been designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Two sculpted marble busts found in the cellar may be those of Pertinax, governor in 185-186, and his father-in-law, Publius Helvius Successus.
Some of the original florentine skyline ornament have since disappeared.
The company was founded by J. R. Watkins in Plainview, Minnesota, who began selling liniment in 1868 door-to-door in the southeastern part of the state.
No Indians lived in El Quartelejo after 1706, but Spanish and French occasionally occupied the structure as a frontier outpost during the 18th century.
With its 314 m, the TV Tower is the tallest building in Tallinn.
In 1982, after renovations were completed, the studios were converted into an early limited-equity cooperative.
In what might be the earliest harbinger of the current developments in urban farming, Stokes established a small farm on the roof of the hotel.
The Penn Alto Building is a landmark building located in downtown Altoona, Pennsylvania, United States.
It includes the city's first penthouse which was sold for £1.65 million.
It was renamed in honor of Golda Meir, the fourth Prime Minister of Israel, who attended the institution from 1906 to 1912.
It presents high quality performances, with artistic criteria being very high.
This pink Texas granite building, in Renaissance Revival style, closely resembles the Texas State Capitol with the exception of the clock tower.
The tower was originally planned to have 29 floors and be 108 meters high, becoming the tallest skyscraper in Zagreb and the whole of Croatia.
They were designated a Chicago Landmark on December 27, 1979.
The theatre was then closed and the building fell into disrepair.
At one time the church was more elaborate than it is today; the church pinnacles no longer exist.
Ruby Falls is a 145-foot high underground waterfall located within Lookout Mountain, near Chattanooga, Tennessee in the United States.
23 Marina is an 88-story, 392.8 m residential skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Restoration of the building after the attacks took three years, at a cost of $1.4 billion.
The Leeds Studios is a television production complex on Kirkstall Road in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
It is now a social center with three restaurants: The Roof Restaurant, The Garden Restaurant and The Nauvoo Cafe.
Its purpose was to display the history of the local medieval manors which comprise Birmingham.
Principal alterations during his occupancy were the enclosing of the front porch, and the development of a garden in the rear.
It also briefly accommodated the Parliament of United Canada for one session in 1849.
They remain in use in the 21st century for concerts, exhibitions, plays, recitals and lectures.
Both towers of the light station were designated a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
After his family moved out it served as a storage building.
He was appointed to canvass the State to build up a Bishop's Fund.
North Grosvenordale is a village and census-designated place in the town of Thompson in Windham County, Connecticut, United States.
Its success as a residence was not immediate: two years into its opening only a quarter of its apartments had been sold.
The South Shore Country Club was founded in 1905 as a suburban counterpart to the urban clubs of Chicago, such as the Athletic Club.
The home has been carefully restored by its current owners over more than two decades and remains in private ownership.
It is located at 53 Aegean Avenue.
Built in 1781-84, it is a high-quality and well-proportioned example of a wooden-frame Southern plantation house.
The Harris was renamed The Michael Todd Theatre, and the Selwyn renamed Michael Todd's Cinestage.
At 226 feet, the 20-story office tower is the third tallest building in Worcester high).
It is located at 1111 North Wheeler Street.
The ruins of Spiš Castle in eastern Slovakia form one of the largest castle sites in Central Europe.
The club's facilities are a designated National Historic Landmark.
Thanksgiving Tower is owned and managed by Woods Capital, and it was designed by the architecture firm HKS Architects.
In 2010 it was finally announced that a Japanese firm had been chosen to redesign the building as a combination hotel/apartments/offices, with a small retail component.
Contrary to popular belief the Wall's actual demolition did not begin until the summer of 1990 and was not completed until 1992.
It was opened as a museum three years later.
It is located at 249 Church Avenue, inside Homeland Heritage Park.
Philips Memorial Hall is a building of West Chester University, in West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States, named after George M. Philips, originally opened in 1927.
During the summer of 2009, Marlatt received new windows on floors 3 through 6.
The last one, where the French Jesuit priest Sebastian Rale had a mission, is today called Old Point, and is located in Madison.
The bridge's superstructure was assembled by the Smith Bridge Company of Toledo, Ohio, which was a prolific late 19th-century bridge builder.
Its height in feet is a deliberate reference to the year when the United States Declaration of Independence was signed.
Tour Descartes used to host the French headquarters of IBM Corporation until 2010.
For visitors, the preserve features several farm animals including horses, goats, and cows, hiking trails, and a visitor's center in the 1844-built Presley Tyler home.
In 1467 Thomas Earl of Desmond also conventionally called "Thomas of Drogheda" was beheaded on the 'north commons of Drogheda' for treason against the King.
The building is currently totally vacant and closed to public entry.
The building was thoroughly restored in 1981, and the bath updated in 1988-1989 with the addition of a winter garden.
The building topped out in September 2016.
Arched stained glass windows with floral and geometric patterns are located on either side of the entrance.
Instead of working it themselves, they took in tenant farmers to keep the land worked and productive.
The tower is part of the Custom House District, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The building was completed by early December 1906, and the bank shortly moved into its new headquarters.
In the novel, Leopold Bloom stops for a gorgonzola cheese sandwich and a glass of burgundy while wandering through Dublin.
Jackson's house resembles English post-medieval prototypes, but is notably American in its extravagant use of wood.
The Pemex Executive Tower is a skyscraper in Mexico City.
It is also slightly older than the Al-Rashid Mosque in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
The lime kiln was added to the National Register in 2002.
Špilberk Castle is a castle on the hilltop in Brno, Southern Moravia.
The complex opened in 2003 as Qwest Center Omaha.
The depot, built by the AGS in 1916, served passengers until the Amtrak era began in the early 1970s.
The second building was built at the same location in 1887.
The towers in themselves, of identical design, will be dedicated to host strictly corporate offices.
In 2012, the last year that the visitor program was in operation, 332 people made the trip to Midway.
The building has nine bays, with the central three broken forward and pedimented.
In July 2009, John Mellencamp recorded nine songs for his album No Better Than This at the studio.
The fort was intended to be part of the fortifications protecting water routes towards New Orleans.
However, it underwent renovations between 1992 and 2011.
It was renamed the Calgary Tower in 1971.
Old Salem is a historic district of Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
In 1890 Saturnine Waguespack merged St. Joseph Plantation with Felicity Plantation to form the St. Joseph Plantation and Manufacturing Company.
In 2000, the building was purchased by the property development firm Unico.
Bill Clinton and Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar formally dedicated the site on April 16, 2011.
Former slaves continued to gather in the residential community, which became mostly African American by the late 19th century.
Old East is a residence hall located at the north part of campus in University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Carrousel du Louvre is an underground shopping mall in Paris, France.
The structure was built in 1828, and is a 2 1/2-story, brick dwelling on a cut stone foundation.
Later, due to a legal battle with DHA Ltd for allegedly for breach of contract.
He was alleged to have burned down the second courthouse in 1876.
In 2014, developer Joe Jaeger bought the building but has not revealed any plans for redevelopment.
The building stands at 205 metres and is currently the 9th tallest building in Melbourne.
The county schools library was located in the basement until at least 1968.
It was also used as the main filming location for the award-winning period drama Downton Abbey.
Tower North Central was recently refurbished in 2003-2004, and now provides 76,800 sq ft of office space.
George Littlefield had a "Deodar Cedar", or "Himalayan Cedar" imported from the Himalayas and planted on the property.
A front porch was added about 1870-1880.
The Ada Pennsylvania Station and Railroad Park is a historic train station in Ada, Ohio, United States.
The fort was reconstructed and is open to the public.
Juno I put the first American satellite Explorer 1 into orbit.
Although the building and its inner furnishings were in place in 2007, it did not open until December 23, 2009.
The wall was relaid along its original lines in 1984.
Located just across the street from Bellevue Square, the distinctive new building was designed by noted architect Steven Holl.
These commands would then be automatically sent to the defence site via teleprinter.
The building was constructed during the Imperial era in 1909-1911 by Pavlo Alyoshyn.
Built in 1790, it emulates the doubled style of meeting house pioneered by Buckingham Friends Meeting House in Pennsylvania two decades earlier.
The Residences Providence is a high-rise residential tower in downtown Providence, Rhode Island designed by TRO Jung Brannen and developed by The Procaccianti Group.
The earliest layer of paint uncovered by restoration is pale blue; later layers are either yellow or red.
It was originally owned by Reverend William James Reid and Stella C. Reid from Hanceville, AL.
Opened on June 8, 1910, it was Tulsa's first municipal park.
Montgomery's Inn is a museum in Etobicoke, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
In addition, The New York Times Building, which opened in 2007, is exactly level with the Chrysler Building in height.
The resort also includes an alpine ski resort; founded in 1959, it is the oldest in Virginia.
It is located in the center of Orlando's historic Parramore district at 511 West South Street.
A hoard of gold coins from the 2nd century was found on the site.
Additionally, the arena that formerly held an ice rink now holds an indoor hard rink, used for both rollerhockey and indoor soccer.
and the Brickell on the River South features 319 condo units with the typical floor plan ranging from 952-1,510 sq.ft.
Stained glass, columns and a pediment are among the more noticeable features at a glance.
It was acquired by the National Park Service in 1991.
It is included in the list of national landmarks by the government resolution.
The tower has three levels for visitors, with restaurants on the first and second levels.
King's Meadow Campus is a university campus, that is part of the University of Nottingham, and is located in Nottingham.
Griffith Observatory is a facility in Los Angeles, California, sitting on the south-facing slope of Mount Hollywood in Los Angeles' Griffith Park.
The building is named for the Boston industrialist, philanthropist, and Boston University benefactor.
The original Omaha Public Library building was built in 1891 at 1823 Harney Street in downtown Omaha, Nebraska by renowned architect Thomas Kimball.
The main part of the hospital closed in 1975, and the buildings fell into disrepair.
It has a seating capacity of 25,000.
The building's interior included the historic floor plan and other decorative details when it was declared a landmark.
As well they included a pedestrian bridge linking the tower to the Hong Kong elevated walkway network.
The park and lake were landscaped by Capability Brown.
In July 2014, Mirvac sold a 50% share in the building to Blackstone Real Estate Asia.
The Pointe was approved by the City of Miami and was scheduled to begin construction in late 2007.
The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1966, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The Brownville Bridge is a truss bridge over the Missouri River on U.S. Route 136 from Nemaha County, Nebraska, to Atchison County, Missouri, at Brownville, Nebraska.
The Society's building was constructed in 1899 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
The Otis Elevator Company and Mohawk Construction opened the railway on Memorial Day, 1902.
Total cost of construction was $200 million.
An anonymous author wrote the "Ballad of Black Bess", which ended with:
It is now the fifth tallest building in the state, and the tallest outside of Downtown Albuquerque.
The facade of the tower is adorned with patterns of eight-pointed stars, and Islamic arches at the top and bottom of the tower.
Prior to the arrival of Europeans on what is now Amelia Island, the Old Town site was home to Native Americans.
It was built in 1837 as a warehouse and store to serve the town's large Ohio River traffic.
The Arthur B. Heurtley House is located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park, Illinois, United States.
Trade Centre 2 consists of commercial and residential skyscrapers along Sheikh Zayed Road.
The current building is the fourth building in Stilwell to serve as the courthouse.
The state took ownership of the land, making it New York's smallest state forest.
The library still serves its original function of storing books despite its primary use as a formal event space.
It currently stands as the 13th-tallest building in Miami.
BDNI centre was designed by PT Airmas Asri, Pei Partnership Architects.
The Alms and Doepke Dry Goods Company is a historic commercial building in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
Over time, the roof and other parts of the building deteriorated.
Also on the property are the contributing ruins of a barn complex and a stone lined well.
The Cathedral stands at Massachusetts and Wisconsin Avenues in the northwest quadrant of Washington.
Not to be confused with Jeddah Tower, previously known as Mile-High Tower
The CCTV Headquarters is a 234-metre, 44-story skyscraper on East Third Ring Road, Guanghua Road in the Beijing Central Business District.
It was built in 1925 by Jacksonville architects Marsh & Saxelbye for the Buckman and Ulmer Real Estate Company.
The Brown Palace Hotel and Spa, Autograph Collection is a historic hotel in Denver, Colorado, United States.
Founded in 1812, it is the oldest historical society in the United States with a national focus.
African, Oceanic, and Japanese art make for notable antiquities collections as well.
In 1998, the Cobbs Creek Automobile Suburb Historic District was created, with Cobbs Creek Parkway, Spruce Street, 62nd Street, and Angora Street its boundaries.
It was designated an NHL in 1963.
Whilst the hospital was constructed in a rural setting, it is now surrounded by roads.
In July 2016, the building and several other works by Le Corbusier were inscribed as UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
Commerce Tower is a 30-story skyscraper located in Downtown Kansas City, Missouri, USA.
In 2001 it became the Scott County Heritage Center and Museum.
In 1996 and later in 2007, Nutting's murals and interpretive Colonial Revival elements were acknowledged and integrated with an exhibit showing his influence.
Sutter's Fort was a 19th-century agricultural and trade colony in the Mexican Alta California province.
Eventually, Pietro Tacchi Venturi was tasked by Pope Pius XI to negotiate the purchase with the newly formed fascist government of Benito Mussolini.
The property was placed into a conservation easement in 1976, donated to the association in 1997, and is now its headquarters and educational center.
It was the home of American lexicographer Noah Webster, and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1962.
Closed in 1895, the fort has been adapted as a museum on the grounds of Mackinac Island State Park.
The Presidential Mansion in Athens, Greece, is the official residence of the President of the Hellenic Republic.
It marks the location of where George Washington crossed the Delaware River during the American Revolutionary War.
It is also a sponsor of the United States Coast Guard Art Program.
One Embarcadero Center is an class-A office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco, California.
Piaski transmitter is a facility for FM- and TV-broadcasting near Piaski in Lublin Voivodeship, Poland at 51°08′02″N 22°52′11″E.
It was on the National Register of Historic Places from 1980 until 2008.
Drauzio Varella, a noted Brazilian physician, volunteered as an unpaid physician in Carandiru from 1989 to 2001, in particular to address its AIDS epidemic.
The whole project is set to cost 76 million euros.
Though not in the center of Pretoria the Union Buildings occupy the highest point of Pretoria, and constitute a South African national heritage site.
His family farmed at the hall and had other buildings in the surrounding area which were lost over time.
It was renamed in 2005 after the company's president and CEO, who died from cancer.
It is located at 851 Central Avenue.
There is even a large wood stove you can sit around on cold days swapping stories or playing a game of checkers.
It was home to the Arkansas Museum of Natural History and Antiquities from 1942 to 1997 and the MacArthur Museum of Arkansas Military History since 2001.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 28, 1995
The Embassy of Qatar in Washington, D.C. houses Qatar's diplomatic mission to the United States.
Construction began in 1900 and was completed in 1909.
The Heron Tower is located on Bishopsgate and is bordered by Camomile Street, Outwich Street and Houndsditch.
In 2012, the centre's initial developer, Stockwell, sold to the Queensland Government owned Queensland Investment Corporation for a reported sale price of $200 million.
The Museum was reopened in 2012 after a two-year renovation.
The first was a renovation by Prairie school architect William Drummond in 1922.
Although the two towers did not commence their construction at the same time, the first and second skyscrapers' construction ceased in 2003 and 2005, respectively.
101 Montgomery is currently tied with Embarcadero West as the 39th-tallest building in the city.
Daughter Mary and her husband, Richard F. McGill, lived in the house with their two children.
Bell died in 1988 at age 91 and his family sold the property in the mid-1990s.
Dedicated in 1922, it is one of several monuments built to honor an American president.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
According to records once kept by the Otis Elevator Company, at one point 85 percent of the world's skyscrapers didn't have a 13th floor.
The tower is 152 m tall and has 36 floors.
It is now home to the U.S. headquarters of the Hudsons's Bay Company and the New York office of the international law firm Jones Day.
Samuel Black, a circuit-riding Southern Methodist preacher.
It was built next to Strasbourg Cathedral in the 1730s, from designs by Robert de Cotte, and is considered a masterpiece of French Baroque architecture.
The Colorado Street Bridge is a historic concrete arch bridge spanning the Arroyo Seco in Pasadena, California.
Built in 1930, its three 27,000 kilowatt generators provide 233 million kilowatt-hours annually to the Tacoma Power system.
It was originally known as the National Town and Country Club before being sold.
Treatment at the hospital was led by Catholic nurses from Indiana.
It is on the Congaree and Broad Rivers in Columbia, South Carolina.
The Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the Cathedral Square neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island, United States.
The only person of color buried in the OEBG, is Rev.
In 1968 the tower was upgraded to serve the new 300 kW transmitter.
The Claire Trevor School of the Arts is an academic unit at the University of California, Irvine focused on the performing and visual arts.
The building was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
It was designed by Emery Roth & Sons and Vincent G. Kling.
One of the highlights of the landscaping is its traditional herb garden, which was designed after examples of typical 18th century herb gardens in the area.
The building was designed in Romanesque Revival style and first supplied water to the city of Peoria on December 1, 1890.
Seven years after it was constructed, its owner, Henry Langdon, joined the 79th Ohio Infantry to fight in the Civil War.
Located on the corner of Washington Road and Prospect Avenue, Campus was founded in 1900.
In 1997 work on the prototype Bionic Vertical Space began.
The building's construction began in 1987 and was completed in 1989.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The building is owned privately by Daro Saifuddin Yaquob, and functions as a 224-room hotel.
It was officially opened in July 2001.
It was built by the Browne family in the 18th Century, near the site of an O'Malley castle.
Completed in 1978 and renovated in 2004, it rises 267 feet spanning 19 floors.
It is the oldest house in Walton.
The rooms for Haile Selassie to meet contacts and supporters included a 'telephone room' or small office and the morning room.
The seed vault is an attempt to insure against the loss of seeds in other genebanks during large-scale regional or global crises.
The bridge has strong associations with the American Civil War, especially the Battle of Philippi.
The hospital is a teaching facility providing comprehensive outpatient and specialty care services.
Benjamin William Mkapa Pension Tower, formerly known as Mafuta House, is one of the tallest buildings in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
The barn stands on a limestone foundation dug from the hill itself.
Now enveloped by a 20th-century residential neighborhood, it was nominated for being one of the oldest limestone farmhouses preserved in Saint Paul.
Over the centuries the pagoda had been damaged by many earthquakes and other natural calamities, and has been refurbished several times.
Infinity at Brickell is a skyscraper in Miami, Florida, United States.
It is open daily with restricted hours; admission is free, but a donation is suggested.
Capella Tower is an office skyscraper in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
Christ Church with St Ewen is a Church of England parish church in Broad Street, Bristol, England.
The organ has been fully overhauled and the old relays have been replaced with digital technology.
Philosophy Hall is a building on the campus of Columbia University in New York City.
Fort Leavenworth National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located on Fort Leavenworth, a United States Army installation north of Leavenworth, Kansas.
There is a plaza located at the base of the building.
The park contains Stephens' home, Liberty Hall, which has been fully restored to its original 1875 style.
It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
It is a contributing structure within the Sycamore Historic District.
It was constructed in 1927, and designed in the Colonial Revival style by the noted Knoxville architectural firm, Baumann and Baumann.
The building was developed by Raptis Group.
The Prudential Tower was designed by Charles Luckman and Associates for Prudential Insurance.
It marks the west side of the mouth of the Norwalk River on northern Long Island Sound.
The garage is accessible from both Loyola Avenue and South Rampart Street.
From 1802 to 1921, Eleutherian Mills was a gunpowder mill site used for the manufacture of explosives by the Du Pont family business.
It was sold in 1994 to Arizona businessman Al Wareing, who is the current owner.
It is classified as an AAAAA scenic area by the China National Tourism Administration.
It is the headquarters of Uruguay's government-owned telecommunications company, ANTEL, and is the tallest building in the country.
Lemuel Haynes House was the home of Lemuel Haynes, first African-American clergyman ordained in America, from 1822 to 1833.
Hugh Campbell House is a registered historic building near Harrison, Ohio, listed in the National Register on November 7, 1976.
Their lease began in March 2000, the same month Citigroup leased 25 Canada Square.
It was renamed the Doe Run Inn in 1958 when it was leased by Curtis and Lucille Brown.
The Abbott Street School is a historic school building at 36 Abbott Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Hilton Manchester Deansgate is a hotel in city centre of Manchester, United Kingdom.
The lodge is located east of Jackson Lake adjacent to prime moose habitat below the Jackson Lake Dam.
In 1993, Villa Lewaro was purchased by Harold Doley, founder of Doley Securities, LLC, the oldest African-American-owned and operated investment banking firm in the United States.
It is currently owned by the McMenamins brewpub chain.
The university was first located in what had been the Rowena Hotel.
Bank of America also occupies floors 19 - 24.
The City of Topeka purchased the building from the library in 2002, hoping to rehabilitate it, but city was unable to allocate the necessary funds.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 14, 2001, and was designated a Chicago Landmark on July 25, 2001.
Built in 1827, the Old Parliament House is the oldest government building and perhaps the oldest surviving building in Singapore.
The Nash Block, also known as the McKesson-Robbins Warehouse and currently as The Greenhouse, is located at 902-912 Farnam Street in Omaha, Nebraska.
During the renovation, lettering on the side of the warehouse reading "Emery Bird Thayer Warehouse" was repainted.
Two parks, Millennium Park and Lakeshore East Park, are immediately located to 400 East Randolph's south and north faces respectively.
It was built 1903-4 by architects Ewan Harper & James A. Harper.
Two portions of the route, which have largely escaped development, are part of a National Historic Landmark District, designated in 1966 to commemorate this achievement.
The Chee Kung Tong Society Hall was placed onto both State and Federal registers, but collapsed in 1996.
The memorial at the cemetery was the first official state historical marker authorized by the State Historic Society of Wisconsin.
It was the tallest building to have been built in London in the 1980s.
SaskFilm was shut down in 2013 when the provincial government reorganized funding for arts organizations.
According to the LiveBaltimore website, Barre Circle is frequently referred to as "Little Georgetown."
The church is named in honor of St. Michael the Archangel and was completed in 1892.
It is 68 storeys tall with height of 283 m and a gross floor area of 1,260,000-square-foot.
MarinaBlue, also known as Marina Blue, is a skyscraper in Miami, Florida, United States.
Royal Opera House, also known as Opera House in Mumbai, is India's only surviving opera house.
Built in 1898, the building was demolished in 1966.
The museum shares its location with the Peabody Leather Museum.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 for having state-level significance in the themes of architecture and government/politics.
During the following decades, the condition of petroglyphs visibly deteriorated.
The Governor's Mansion is located at 1001 Capitol Access Road in Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70802.
The building is adorned with bas-relief figures, sculpted by Ulysses A. Ricci, symbolizing commerce and communication.
It is between East 51st Street and East 52nd Street.
The lease puts the city-owned historic building under the control of the state Office of Legislative Management.
Located on the grounds are the Morven Park Mansion, the Winmill Carriage Museum, formal boxwood gardens, miles of hiking and riding trails, and athletic fields.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
It was built on the former location of the Br.
Lang began the "Fountain Fund" in January 1859 with a donation of one hundred pounds.
Schuyler Mansion is a historic house at 32 Catherine Street in Albany, New York, United States.
Initially JLT had 4 lakes, in late 2012 developer announced that lake Elucio would be drained and 55,000 meter park would be created instead.
Vawter Hall was built and named in 1908 in honor of the school’s late rector and authority on industrial training, Charles E. Vawter.
Montpelier City Hall is located in Montpelier, Vermont.
There are currently more than 100 residential buildings under construction in the world that will be 200 metres or more.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Besides four halls for varying genres of music concerts, the venue houses a cinema, a restaurant and an exhibition space.
The Marina Towers Observatory is located in the Maritime Quarter of Swansea, on the coast of southern Wales.
Furthermore, the form of these buildings was not informed by an understanding of classical precedents.
The building continued to serve as a field division office after the main headquarters moved to Los Angeles in 1900.
By the time Congress approved funding for a new building, the post office had expanded to 1,319 clerks and 1,096 carriers.
This cemetery is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Silberturm, formerly known as Dresdner-Bank-Hochhaus and Jürgen-Ponto-Hochhaus, is a 32-storey, 166.3 m futurist skyscraper in the Bahnhofsviertel district of Frankfurt, Germany.
It is served by DART's Market Center Station.
The architect, Archimedes Russell, was charged with coming up with a spectacular building, and used the Romanesque revival—Richardsonian Romanesque style.
Local people name this temple as "Bajranalan" based on the name of the village.
It is a part of the University of Sheffield, linked to Firth Court via the Addison Building.
It has also been the location of some significant commemorations of Australian icons.
The tower was designed by Sir Norman Foster's team of architects.
On 31 August 1997, Diana, Princess of Wales dined in the hotel's Imperial Suite, shortly before her death in a fatal car crash.
Konradsberg or Konradsbergs hospital is a former mental hospital on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm, Sweden.
He came to Menlo Park in 1876, the area was then known as Raritan Township, and later changed to Edison Township.
The ending date was approximated to be late 2008 or early 2009; however, the housing crisis of the late 2000s halted the project.
Commerzbank Tower is a 56-story, 259 m futurist skyscraper owned by Samsung of Korea since September 2016 in the banking district of Frankfurt, Germany.
San Anton Palace is a palace in Attard, Malta, which is the official residence of the President of Malta.
The complex was designed by the architectural firm Aedas, with lighting design by AWA Lighting Designers, and is currently managed by Jones Lang Lasalle.
It was designed by Peddle Thorp and Harvey, Paul Luff, and Gary Smallcombe and Associates.
When it re-opened to the public on October 24, 2010, it was decorated in the style of the inter-war era of the 1920s and 1930s.
Part of the building was a fallout shelter for 600 people, currently used as a staff clothes room.
[4] In 1983, when the Graduate School of Business moved into a new building also named Mervis Hall, it was renamed Thackeray Hall.
It sits on the highest point in the St. Clairsville area and is thus visible from Interstate 70 and many other points in the Ohio Valley.
The Michigan Governor's Mansion and summer residence are located in the U.S. state of Michigan.
The Joseph Richardson House is an historic house at 685 Chockalog Road in Uxbridge, Massachusetts.
It was designed by Mies van der Rohe and completed in 1964.
The Führerbunker was an air-raid shelter located near the Reich Chancellery in Berlin, Germany.
The other, the Magill House, was added to the Register in 2003.
Chiba Port Tower is a tower located in Chiba Port Park, Chūō-ku, Chiba, Chiba Prefecture, Japan.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
It is one of the 20th century's most famous and distinctive buildings.
Walker was the first American female and first African-American female self-made millionaire, and "the world's most successful female entrepreneur of her time."
The building stands at 430 feet with 32 floors, and was completed in 1968.
As a prominent military structure in downtown Toronto, it has been the site of a number of anti-war protests.
The Florida Baptist Building is a historic building in Jacksonville, Florida.
During his trial, he was acquitted of all charges for defending his former owners name.
Main Tower is a 56-storey, 200 m skyscraper in the Innenstadt district of Frankfurt, Germany.
It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
He directed the work at the pottery from 1898 until his death in 1930.
Eliza Fowler Hall at Purdue University was named in honor of Eliza Fowler.
Its art pavilion has included commissions by painter Charles Arnoldi and sculptor Larry Bell.
The railway used Vananda as a water stop for its steam locomotives, and built a small reservoir near the townsite to ensure an adequate water supply.
The garden is noted for its collection of exotic trees and shrubs and offers views over Mount's Bay and The Lizard.
At the center of the neighborhood is Irvine Park, a New England-style public square.
These cottages are perfect examples of Southern California coastal development in the early 20th century and were preserved by the Crystal Cove Alliance.
It is known to Edmontonians as "the Ledge".
It is a private house and has "pie-shaped rooms around a central spiral staircase".
The location of the Mann Gulch Fire was included as a historical district on the United States National Register of Historic Places on May 19, 1999.
In 1991, Harry Seidler described the house's spatial design which was characteristic of his approach in the rest of his life's work:
The American Swedish Institute is a museum and cultural center in the Phillips West neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
It has 1,193 guest rooms, including 95 suites.
At 446 feet, it is the third tallest building in Wisconsin and the tallest residential building.
Five Massachusetts state agencies also have regional offices at Tewksbury, including the Massachusetts Department of Mental Health and the Massachusetts Department of Public Safety.
Many of the structures from the later construction period are now used as administrative offices, residences for National Park Service employees, museums and visitor center.
The Pennsylvania Governor's Residence is the official residence of the Governor of Pennsylvania, in the Uptown neighborhood of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
The majority of construction took place in 2008.
Developed in the U.S., the diamond-shaped mast was specially designed to radiate radio waves in such a way that reduce fading.
As of 2014, the historic firehouse has hosted a pizzeria, Fireside Pizza.
The University of Florida Campus Historic District is a historic district on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida.
The farmhouse is primarily a sandstone structure, although with some newer elements of concrete; its roof is made of metal.
The club closed at the end of the 1942 season due to complications from World War II.
It is open from 10 to 21 in the weekdays and 10 to 19 at Saturday, the mall is closed on Sundays except some restaurants.
Lawyer Abraham Lincoln and his partner Stephen T. Logan moved their partnership law offices to a third-floor office in the Tinsley Block in 1843.
The Hendrick Hopper Homestead is a historic building located in Glen Rock, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, and was built in the early 19th century.
The original 30 feet tower was replaced by a Victorian style limestone dwelling, with a 44 feet high light tower in the gable, in 1868.
The Croswell Opera House is a historic theater located at 129 East Maumee Street in Adrian, Michigan.
It is from this incident that the name was applied.
The Foundation also purports to promote education with regard to life along the Ohio and Erie Canal in the mid 19th century.
It is located on the grounds of what was formerly Central Indiana Hospital for the Insane, later shortened to Central State Hospital.
Prior to 1990 it was the site of the East York Municipal Offices.
The I&M Bank Tower is a skyscraper in Nairobi, Kenya's capital and largest city.
It contains 37 floors, and is 423 ft tall.
Construction began in 447 BC when the Athenian Empire was at the peak of its power.
The Kremlin Arsenal is a former armory built within the grounds of the Moscow Kremlin in Russia.
Torre Cuscatlán is one of the tallest buildings in San Salvador, El Salvador.
Sudbrook Park is a historic neighborhood near Pikesville, Maryland located just northwest of the Baltimore City limits in Baltimore County.
The mall contains a famous skylight, La Pyramide Inversée, which plays an important role in the best-selling book The Da Vinci Code.
By the 1880s, he had established a chain of bakeries.
Castle Clinton or Fort Clinton, once known as Castle Garden, is a circular sandstone fort now located in Battery Park, in Manhattan, New York City.
In 1659 it was purchased by the Chigi family.
Construction started again and will completed in end of 2017.
Exhibits include a dentist office, a local candy maker, and antebellum attorneys.
It was built in 1571 to house knights of the Order of Saint John from the langue of Aragon, Navarre and Catalonia.
The building served as a hospital until 1951 and currently serves as a blood centre.
Karlberg Palace is a palace by the Karlberg Canal in Solna Municipality in Sweden, adjacent to Stockholm's Vasastaden district.
In 1909, Montreal architects named Vallance & Brown designed the University of Saskatchewan Campus.
Founded in the early nineteenth century, it survived a series of division and reunifications in the nineteenth century.
Stained glass windows were donated to the church by Julia Dulion Lopez in memory of her late husband in early 1906.
The South Carolina State House is the building housing the government of the U.S. state of South Carolina.
Completed in 1929, it was the tallest building in Havana until the 1950s and houses the world's third largest indoor statue.
It was named after the Scottish island Colonsay.
The Metropolitan State Hospital was an American public hospital for the mentally ill, on grounds that extended across parts of Waltham, Lexington, and Belmont, Massachusetts.
The Vassar College Observatory is an astronomical observatory of the private Vassar College, located near the eastern edge of the Poughkeepsie, New York college's campus.
Elvaston Castle is a stately home in Elvaston, Derbyshire, England.
The main auditorium hosts many premieres of Dutch films.
Pemberton Hall is a women's residence hall at Eastern Illinois University, in Charleston, Illinois.
The walls, both inside and out, were plastered with a native mixture of mud, sand, Spanish moss and animal hair, then painted.
The building was once the world headquarters for Wells Fargo Bank.
The house, dairy and barns, essentially unaltered, are a fine example of a mid 19th century farm group in southern Ohio."
The NRHP listing included one contributing site and one contributing object, and also 14 non-contributing buildings and 12 non-contributing sites.
This Grade I listed building is now managed by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
The museum was the major participant in the Great Circus Parade held from 1963 to 2009.
Australia Square is jointly owned by GPT Group & Dexus.
The laboratory is located on the West Campus of Duke University in Durham, North Carolina.
It is owned by the Clark's Grant Historical Society, who has a museum there but offers tours by reservation only.
The architectural firm who designed the building was Walker & Weeks.
Its overall floor plan is that of a thin but long rectangle.
The Chick House is a former hotel building constructed in 1857 in the city of Rockford, Illinois, United States.
The tower is the third tallest skyscraper in Frankfurt and also in Germany.
The building got third most votes in the 2001 Emporis Skyscraper Award selection.
The Camlin Hotel is an historic hotel in downtown Seattle, Washington.
The organization was founded in 1867 by Oliver Hudson Kelley in Elk River, Sherburne County, Minnesota and quickly spread across the country.
The Xi'an City Wall is on the tentative list of UNESCO's World Heritage Site under the title "City Walls of the Ming and Qing Dynasties".
Established in 1903, its golf course is regarded as the "oldest top-ranked golf course in the United States."
The Arc at Old Colony is 17-story landmark building in the Chicago Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois.
As with most meeting houses, there are two front doors, one for each gender.
The building now serves as the Soo Line Depot Museum, operated by the Cuyuna Iron Range Heritage Network.
At the mill's highest productivity it processed 200 tons of ore yearly from the Tintic Mining District.
The lower campus building is a National Historic Landmark, designated in 1990 for its association with Meir.
He was a sickly child and due to his many absences from school, was taught to read and write at home.
The Riley Lucas Bartholomew House is a historic house museum in Richfield, Minnesota, United States, originally the home of prominent early Minnesotan Riley Bartholomew.
The General George Crook House Museum is located at 5730 North 30th Street in Fort Omaha.
Many of Lowell's wealthy industrialists are buried here, under ornate Victorian tombstones.
Construction began on June 27, 2000, and topped out on July 13, 2005.
The building, located along old U.S. Route 66, was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
In June 2013, Kenwood went onto the market once again for £13,750,000.
Parts of a c. 1700 residence may be incorporated in the carriage house.
On October 7, 1983, the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Sandringham House is a country house on 20,000 acres of land near the village of Sandringham in Norfolk, England.
The Space Needle is an observation tower in Seattle, Washington, a landmark of the Pacific Northwest, and an icon of Seattle.
Colonial Building was the home of the Newfoundland government and the House of Assembly from January 28, 1850, to July 28, 1959.
After 1992 the building stood topped out, but without any windows or interior fittings.
Fairview Avenue is a closed road where only officials can enter to the Union Buildings.
Over the next few years, the church members built the church out of hand-hewn logs, transported from miles away by mules.
Built at a cost of US$29 million, it opened in 1982 and was considered architecturally groundbreaking at the time.
When completed, it was the 28th tallest building in the world, and 21st tallest building in the United States.
Painted Desert Inn is a lodge complex in Petrified Forest National Park, in Navajo County, eastern Arizona.
The names of the victims were William Datbor, William Tighe, and R. W. Yates.
Only Orville's study approximates its pre-1948 appearance.
In 1998 training were consolidated at the Britannia Royal Naval College, now at Dartmouth.
It is located in the middle of Chapultepec Park in Mexico City at a height of 2,325 meters above sea level.
Jerpoint Abbey is a ruined Cistercian abbey, founded in the second half of the 12th century, near Thomastown, County Kilkenny, Ireland.
The north and south ends of the structure feature tall fireplaces built with large stones found within the park, individually hewn by the CCC workers.
The tower is topped by a 50-metre tall antenna.
In 1901, the topped-out shell burnt down and had to be rebuilt from scratch in reinforced concrete.
The Dr. Seuss Collection contains original drawings, sketches, proofs, notebooks, manuscript drafts, books, audio and videotapes, photographs, and memorabilia.
The Irma Hotel is a landmark in Cody, Wyoming.
It uses an average of 40 Million Baht from its Budget to invest in Building safety;plus, its safety team.
It is owned by the Valley of Indianapolis Scottish Rite, an affiliated body of Freemasonry.
The tower was completed in 2000 and serves as the state headquarters for Bank of America.
In 2000 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places; fourteen years later it was designated a National Historic Landmark, primarily for its architecture.
Lippo Plaza is a 38 floor tower in the Luwan District of Shanghai and was completed in 1998.
ESMA was the largest detention center of its kind during the Dirty War.
It had numerous owners, most notably Chalk Beeson and gunfighter Luke Short.
It was built by Nawab Vikar-ul-Umra, prime minister of Hyderabad and the uncle and brother-in-law of the Nizam VI, Nawab Mir Mahboob Ali Khan Bahadur.
The motte is 24 metres in diameter and survives 2 metres in height.
It is a 4-storey tong-lau that was built in 1931 by Mr. Lui Leung.
BDNI Center I was a 317 metres tall skyscraper with 62 floors, intended to be constructed in the city of Jakarta Pusat, Jakarta in Indonesia.
It was an important fortification in the Kingdom of Poland and later, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
The third floor was an Art Gallery where American art was shown.
The Old Town Historic District was last surveyed as part of the city’s 1985 Historic Resources survey.
Tour Generali will have an estimated height of 319 meters from ground level, at a total cost estimate of 500 million euros.
17 State Street is a 42-story building in the Financial District of Manhattan, overlooking State Street and Battery Park.
In 1979 the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
DC power cannot use a transformer to change its voltage.
The Justice Center Complex is a building complex located in the Civic Center District in Cleveland, Ohio, in the United States.
The Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Center is also located here.
Founded in 1872, it is the second largest public library in Norway.
Seven stories tall, it is a brick building with a stone foundation and a slate roof.
It had three floors of art galleries, three cinemas, a bookshop, a bar and a café bar.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark on December 19, 1960.
Many of these were designed by the beaux-arts architectural firm of Carrère and Hastings headed by John Merven Carrère and Thomas Hastings.
It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961, primarily for its association with Lincoln and his political rival Stephen Douglas.
The Holy Cross Inns Court Vicarage is in the Knowle West area of Bristol, England.
Kornhill is a private housing estate and Kornhill Gardens is a Private Sector Participation Scheme estate.
Grumblethorpe, in Germantown, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was the home of the Wister family.
The clubhouse was designed by noted Wheeling architect Frederick F. Faris.
The Arts and Crafts Movement arose in the late nineteenth century in reaction to the dehumanizing monotony and standardization of industrial production.
The overwhelmingly successful campaign was concluded with the decisive victory at the Battle of Fallen Timbers on August 20, 1794.
Its exterior façade is done in "granite framing green-reflective-glass side elevations".
It required legislative approval for each act of manumission, which slaveholders had previously been able to arrange privately.
Halifax City Hall was opened to Council and the public in 1890 replacing offices in the old court house on the Halifax waterfront.
It was located on the west side of the Forche Maline in what is now Latimer County.
The towers will range from having 35 floors to having 45, except for the centerpiece, which is 66 floors.
Harry Goulding introduced director John Ford to Monument Valley where he shot several of his classic westerns.
The two rows of colorful units nearest to the beach, as shown in the picture below, are privately owned condos.
It remained in the Russell family for six generations.
The Ulrich Walser House is a house located at 711 North 2nd Street in Alma, Wisconsin, United States.
It provided the evidence that confirmed George Gamow's and Abbe Georges Lemaitre's "Big Bang" theory of the creation of the universe.
The museum is owned and operated by the Lorraine Civil Rights Museum Foundation, based in Memphis.
It is also a contributing property to the Owatonna Commercial Historic District.
The burgage plot on which Rothe House was built survives intact - one of a few in such an unaltered state.
McAlmond's stewardship, the bluffs under the house were used to smuggle Chinese into the United States.
The building is currently owned by Hines.
They were placed there by Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent to celebrate the Ottoman defeat of the Mamluks in 1517.
The schoolhouse name is derived from the tendency of the Jansen family to speak often of Pearl Street in what is today Lower Manhattan.
It has been the residence of every Brazilian president since Juscelino Kubitschek.
The furnace shut down permanently, shortly after Robert Parrott's death in 1877.
The South Side German Historic District is a neighborhood within Quincy, Illinois, United States just south of downtown.
The Swoboda Bakery was built at 1422 William Street in 1888 in the Little Bohemia neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 18, 1978.
Sheffield Town Hall is a building in the City of Sheffield, England.
The Roxbury Historic Trust acts as curator for these Roxbury Township owned buildings.
The original plan for the Healey Building called for two matching skyscrapers on either side of a central dome.
Puerto Rico National Cemetery is a United States national cemetery located in the city of Bayamón, in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
The Crisp Company built many of Sarasota's homes and residential developments in the 1920s and 1930s.
The building is the property of Ivanhoé Cambridge, a subsidiary of the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec.
Decorative landscaping and parking surround the two-story building.
It included a mission, San Miguel de Linares de los Adaes, and a presidio, Nuestra Señora del Pilar de Los Adaes.
In 2013, the Civil Courts Building was demolished.
On January 4, 1993, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The monastery complex is considered a separate national historic-cultural preserve, the national status to which was granted on 13 March 1996.
Huis ten Bosch is a royal palace in The Hague in the Netherlands.
It is located on US 9 on the Poughkeepsie-Hyde Park town line.
Provident Bank of New Jersey and Così outlets are also located on the ground level, and open to the general public.
Composed of an area bounded by Davidson and Summerlin Streets and Broadway and Florida Avenues, the district includes twenty-one contributing properties.
Osgoode Hall is a landmark building in downtown Toronto, the capital of Ontario in Canada.
Los Alamos was selected as the top secret location for bomb design in late 1942, and officially commissioned the next year.
After the October Revolution, the palace housed various Soviet ministries and academies.
On March 5, 1999, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It had the first wildlife park in Germany when, during 1523, the castle park was converted into one of the largest menageries in Europe.
The Lewis and Clark Expedition wintered at Fort Clatsop before returning east to St. Louis in the spring of 1806.
Timberline Lodge is a mountain lodge on the south side of Mount Hood in Clackamas County, Oregon, about 60 miles east of Portland.
The building was the second tower to be built by Carillion in Liverpool for property developers Beetham, who now use the building as their headquarters.
The Judd House has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
While originally scheduled for completion in 2012, it is still under construction.
It was the home of the London Metal Exchange until 1994.
Built in 1798, it is the oldest surviving building in Natchez from its early territorial period.
It stands on the east side of Church Street, between Thomas and Worth Streets, in the Civic Center neighborhood of New York City.
In 1970, 96 percent of the neighborhood's houses were classified as substandard by the city.
It is located at Cathedral Street between Charlotte and St. George Streets.
Located at Paseo de la Reforma, it was built by Canadian-owned Reichmann International on the former location of the Cine Chapultepec.
The Oatlands property is composed of the main mansion and 415 acres of farmland and gardens.
It is located at 1534 21st Street.
It encompasses 253 contributing buildings, 3 contributing structures, and 5 contributing objects in the central business district of Salem.
The current appearance of the Pavilion, with its domes and minarets, is the work of architect John Nash, who extended the building starting in 1815.
General George Washington provided meals from his table at the DeWint House to Major John André at the '76 House.
The Parthenon is regarded as an enduring symbol of Ancient Greece, Athenian democracy and western civilization, and one of the world's greatest cultural monuments.
Today it is the official residence of the President of Latvia as well as home to several museums.
Many of Ashland's pioneer families are buried there.
The historic site designation encompassed the Armstrong cemetery, as well as the church building.
The district was expanded in 2014 to include 216-226 High Street.
Turner later sold his TV networks and the TV station to Time Warner.
Unable to support the development of their school and the plantation, ACBA returned it to Historic Charleston in 2008.
This was damaged by a fire on 30 October 1777, when the sails were left turning during a gale and caused the equipment to catch light.
The Al Salam Tecom Tower is a 47-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The house was then occupied by the Johnston family, from Nancy Trovillo Carnegie Heaver/Johnston's branch of the family.
The castle was part of the defensive line controlled by the Knights Templar, and a stronghold used during the Portuguese Reconquista.
In addition to the main cottage with its fine view over the lake, the Harrington estate includes the following structures:
In 2005, the 117th IOC Session was held in the Raffles City Convention Centre, located in Raffles City.
Ashokan Bridge is a wooden covered bridge over Esopus Creek on the grounds of the Ashokan Center, in Ulster County.
The three University of Illinois round barns played a special role in the promotion and popularity of the American round barn.
The building is located just east of downtown at the foot of Jarvis Street at Queen's Quay.
The exact date of construction is unknown, but it first appears on tax records in 1716.
Lyveden New Bield is an unfinished Elizabethan summer house in the east of Northamptonshire, England, owned by the National Trust.
It was designed by John Burgee Architects with Philip Johnson, with structural engineering by LeMessurier Consultants and MEP/FP engineering by Cosentini Associates, Inc.
It has 19 floors, each containing 37,000 m2 of floor space, making it one of the largest office buildings in Bucharest.
The Bay Adelaide Centre is an office complex in the Financial District of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
It is located in Fayetteville, Arkansas near the campus of the University of Arkansas, and serves as a cultural center for the Northwest Arkansas area.
Oslo Concert Hall is a concert hall located in Vika, a part of Oslo city centre in Norway.
One South Broad, also known as the Lincoln-Liberty Building or PNB Building, is a 28-story 472-foot office tower in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
The club was the site of the invention of squash doubles by Frederich C. Tompkins.
The pub holds an annual asparagus festival asparagus and auction while there are three morris sides based at the pub: Pebworth, Belle d'Vain and Asum Gras.
The Ephriam M. Baynard House is a historic home in Auburndale, Florida, located at 208 West Lake Avenue.
It contains a heritage-listed World War I Honour board.
The Starks building signed a number of new tenants during 2009, including an 11,500-square-foot Eddie Merlot's restaurant, part of a Fort Wayne, Ind.-based upscale steakhouse chain.
It has baroque interiors, cantilevered stairs, wood carving and central corridors which run the length of the house.
The construction is of dressed stonework, with a slate roof.
The building reopened in the summer of 2008, and is jointly managed by the Friends organization and the Virginia Area Historical Society.
Geva has two stages inside the former Naval Armory-Convention Hall, an 1868 building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
This governor's mansion is modeled after the White House in Washington D.C. supposedly because Governor Long wanted to become familiar with Washington's White House.
Post and built in 1878-81, is a National Historic Landmark and part of New York City's Brooklyn Heights Historic District.
Originally called the Collingwood Opera House after its owner and operator James Collingwood, the theater featured an unusual two-stage dome.
It includes three contributing buildings, one contributing site, and one contributing structure.
Taken together, the various components of the LuNeack House form a well-preserved example of the Victorian style of architecture.
The building served as creative inspiration for the The Addams Family home.
In addition to the Saturn V Dynamic Test Vehicle, designated SA-500D, two Space Shuttle test vehicles, Pathfinder and Enterprise, were also tested in this facility.
Originally built by the Toronto Dominion Bank, the skyscraper was acquired by Canwest to serve as the company's main corporate headquarters.
He was at the farm in September 1962 when he suffered a stroke; he died at the hospital in North Conway the next day.
Its Victorian style has been preserved and it is the largest surviving Stick-Eastlake house in Santa Cruz County.
Completed in 1894, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In its second year of operation the institution enrolled 345 students from 20 states.
The Thomas E. Keys Residence is a house in Rochester, Minnesota designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built with earth berms in 1950.
The land allocated to the project was then bought back by investment bank BNP Paribas, which intends to make offices instead of the towers.
The building is divided into offices from 250 square feet to 6,000 square feet in size, and primarily serves independent professional firms.
On the east facade of the memorial the word "Antietam", denoting the Battle of Antietam, is misspelled.
In 2006, the spire, a 22 m cylindrical concrete barometer that glowed, green or blue indicating atmospheric pressure, was removed from the roof.
It is directly opposite Exit B2 of Zhujiang New Town Station.
As of 2006 they were in poor repair, due to the cemetery's financial difficulties.
Its age presents a problem for curators who are afraid that taking it down, even to try and restore it, would cause it to fall apart.
They married at the Caxton Hall Register Office, London, in 1965, and divorced in 1975.
Other Toledo landmarks built on the river's edge include Promedica's downtown offices, Promenade Park, the Toledo Port Authority, Owens Corning, and Imagination Station.
The mansion also features walled gardens, a separate garage, and servant quarters.
It has been part of the boundary between Bucks and Philadelphia counties since 1682.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 for its architectural and community significance.
This was conceived by the Daily News as a permanent educational science exhibit.
The General Services Administration wanted a simple tall office tower, while local architects argued for a building more appropriate to Hawaii.
The interior of the plateaus would contain greenspace, and on the edges, on the sides of the building, would be the apartments.
It currently includes 39 courtrooms, 36 of which are district courts, two are traffic courts, and one used for forced eviction detainment.
The building has 35 floors above ground level, and is originally planned to be the first of three towers for the Ayala Triangle.
It was built in 1896-1897, to service the St. Joseph Cathedral parish.
The building is considered a seminal achievement for its architect Fazlur Rahman Khan.
The National Memorial was authorized on October 21, 1972.
No traces of ancient human settlement have been discovered in the vicinity, leading many scholars to believe that the hill served as a remote sanctuary.
The Seattle City Council and offices of the Mayor of Seattle are located in the nearby Seattle City Hall.
It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1967.
It is currently the seventh-tallest skyscraper in Atlanta.
It consists of five members, three of them serving ex officio: the city's mayor, the local superintendent of schools and the pastor of Calvary Presbyterian Church.
Wings were added in 1752 and 1754.
It was built in 1914, to replace a ferry, by the Midland Bridge Company of Kansas City, Missouri, under authority of the Caddo Parish Police Jury.
The burial grounds have been the final resting place for many historic figures since the Churchyard cemetery opened in 1697.
The fountain bears the coat of arms for the city of Bristol, the Society of Merchant Venturers and that of Alderman Thomas Proctor.
Due to Mexico's unstable political and economic conditions, construction was stopped several times.
A Carnegie library built in 1917, it is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Frick Building is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
It is located in a 2-1/2 story brick building that was built in 1930.
It is located at 218 Spring Street, Catskill, NY, United States.
The program stated that a traditional lift system wouldn't have worked in the building because it might take hours to reach the destination.
The building now serves as headquarters for Total SA, one of the six "Supermajor" oil companies in the world.
It is a California Historical Landmark and is designated a National Historic Landmark.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976, and a Mississippi Landmark in 2003.
This statement has never been historically verified, nor are we certain as to what construction costs actually covered.
The house has since had multiple owners and multiple additions built upon it.
The theatre closed in 1991 and exterior restoration on the historic auditorium was completed in 2007.
Others feel its dramatic appearance and peculiarity is reflective of Manchester and that the Beetham Tower symbolises Manchester's reinvention as a post-industrial city.
It is home to New York City's only backlot, which opened in December 2013.
The building is listed as a National Historic Heritage Site.
The building was being designed by Los Angeles-based Morphosis, headed by architect Thom Mayne, and would have been completed in 2018.
Its distinctive turret rooms on the four corners as well as its pure nobility distinguish it from all other campus buildings.
A number of urban legends and ghost stories in popular culture have contributed to its reputation as a haunted house.
Adjacent to the house is the Whittington parish church which dates from the 12th century and now dedicated to St Bartholomew.
It was closed in the 1960s and was later subdivided and partitioned into smaller cubicles that were let out on rent as homes and offices.
Among its facilities are numerous luxurious guest rooms, several restaurants, the famed Round Robin Bar, the Peacock Alley series of luxury shops, and voluminous function rooms.
The Pittock Mansion is a French Renaissance-style château in the West Hills of Portland, Oregon, USA.
Inside, the single room has been divided into two large spaces.
The Hyde Park Firehouse is located along U.S. Route 9 in Hyde Park, New York.
The Messeturm is located near the Frankfurt Trade Fair grounds.
Until 1974 it was the tallest building in Frankfurt; and it remained the tallest storage silo in the world until its demolition.
See Glyndebourne Festival Opera for the summer opera festival.
The Kuwait Towers were officially inaugurated in March 1979 and are regarded as a landmark and symbol of modern Kuwait.
The Harner Homestead, is a historic home outside Morgantown, Monongalia County, West Virginia.
It was built on the site of the Peachtree Arcade, A.
He left that home to his son James, who made Applejack Brandy there.
The castle became famous after it featured in Sir Walter Scott's novel Ivanhoe in 1819, and its owner, Francis Rawdon, opened the ruins to visitors.
The district then had 229 contributing buildings and one contributing site, as well as 55 non-contributing buildings.
The Wales and Hamblen Building is a historic commercial building at 260 Main Street in Bridgton, Maine.
Judge Silas Lee built this 1807 Regency-style mansion at the peak of Wiscasset's prosperity, when the town was the busiest port east of Boston.
The stones for the house were quarried on the property and the joists were hewn from oaks in Wister Woods, also owned by the family.
The public plaza was to include water features and several commissioned works of art.
The Peter Johnsen Rooming House is an historic building near downtown Sycamore, Illinois.
New York State Armory , also known as "The Arsenal," is a historic National Guard armory building located at Ogdensburg in St. Lawrence County, New York.
Midway Atoll is an unorganized, unincorporated territory of the United States.
The original 13th-century buildings have been added to several times, including a 15th-century great hall which has an arch-braced-collar truss roof.
The home remains a privately owned residence, but it can be viewed easily from the street.
The North Tower is 536 feet tall with 44 floors.
At that time there were no other known Wyckoffs in America.
The bridge provided a much-needed direct route across the Missouri River to the Omaha Stockyards for livestock delivery trucks.
The Gettysburg National Tower was a 307-foot hyperboloid observation tower that overlooked the Gettysburg National Military Park and Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, from 1974 to 2000.
Moshe Aviv Tower, is a 235 m tall skyscraper located in the demarcated area of the Bursa on Jabotinsky Road in northern Ramat Gan, Israel.
It was realized that the new dam could take over the function provided by this first site and another small dam a short distance downriver.
George Christian allowed his home to be used as Republican Headquarters for the campaign.
Our Lady of Perpetual Help, also known as St. Mary's Catholic Church, is a historic church just north of Altus, Arkansas.
It lost its title as the world's tallest residential building to the 337-metre The Marina Torch in Dubai on 29 April 2011.
The entire development site covered an area of 7.6 acres.
Marine Parade Community Building is a community building located in Marine Parade, Singapore.
2, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 for its local significance in the area of agriculture.
The Levi Anderson House is a historic house in Union Township, Ross County, Ohio, United States.
Located on Thoresby Street just off City Road, Thoresby House is situated on the Northern line between Angel and Old Street tube stations in zone 1.
There were five 'principal' bedrooms with rooms in the attic for servants.
The Embassy of Sweden is located on the 5th floor of the building.
This list of tallest buildings in the United Arab Emirates ranks skyscrapers in the United Arab Emirates based on official height.
The nearest Metro stop is the Smithsonian station at Independence Avenue SW and 12th Street SW, about six blocks away.
The building is located on 1325 Fourth Avenue.
The building was closed to commercial activity in 2017 and was incorporated into the University of Sheffield's teaching and research space.
Festival Tower consists of 41 floors of 401 apartments ranging from one to three bedrooms.
The district takes its name from the Ginocchio family who operated a hotel, The Ginocchio, in the district during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
The Deutsche Bank Twin Towers, also known as Deutsche Bank Headquarters, is a twin tower skyscraper complex in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt, Germany.
Constructed in 1962, originally for the Internal Revenue Service, the building was named United Airlines Building until 2001.
The two buildings are united under a common cornice and appear to be a single structure.
The owner of Chinachem Group later changed her plan and broke it into two towers.
The galleries of the main chapel now form part of the shop, with a sweeping staircase in the centre linking the two floors.
The SIS Building or MI6 Building at Vauxhall Cross houses the headquarters of the British Secret Intelligence Service.
screen, said to have been an importation.
After the Dissolution of the Monasteries the site was sold.
It was extensively restored and opened as a bed and breakfast in 1987.
It is also home to a cemetery with a monument to a Confederate Unknown Soldier, erected in 1901.
Without the antennas, the sails of the Sail Tower reach 113 m, and its main roof is at 95 m.
Built in 1793, it is one of the oldest surviving buildings in the city.
The building is on the National Register of Historic Places and deemed "of national importance" because of its stained glass.
In 1992, it was recognized by the government as a historic site.
AmTrust Financial Building, formerly known as McDonald Investment Center, Key Center and the Central National Bank Building, is a commercial high-rise building in Cleveland, Ohio.
The southern tower's four top floors at one point were the official residence of the Chancellor of SUNY.
The National Museum of Ghana is in the Ghanaian capital, Accra.
However, the building does not surpass the Burj Al Arab or the Rose Tower to become the tallest hotel in Dubai.
The new tower was designed by Hamiltons Architects and provides 54,000 m2 of office space and 4,000 m2 of retail space.
There is a domed roof structure which is still intact.
Al Fattan Properties LLC is a developer of villas, offices, retail complexes, warehouses, hotels and resorts.
The address of Hotel Matignon is 57 Rue de Varenne, Paris, France.
The North West Company, the PFC's primary competitor, purchased its assets and posts in 1813.
Built in 1664 by Richard Jackson, it is the oldest wood-frame house in New Hampshire.
The second phase comprises office Tower 3, 84,500 square feet of the retail mall and Marina Bay Suites with 221 units.
The second phase, larger than Stone House, contained quarters for servants and services, as well as second-floor bedrooms.
Its remains stand on top of the Chojnik hill) within the Karkonosze National Park, overlooking the Jelenia Góra valley.
The U.S. Bank Tower in earthquake prone Los Angeles, California by comparison, is designed to withstand an 8.3 intensity earthquake.
The aisles are Perp., and the one on the S. curiously encloses the clerestory.
The Phelps Mansion was charted by the New York State Board of Regents as a museum in 2005.
The South Carolina Department of Archives and History has additional pictures and information, and copies of the nomination forms.
The Ohio Historical Society now operates the home as a historic house museum and a memorial.
The Alderman Proctor's Drinking Fountain is a historic building on Clifton Down, Bristol, England.
The building's main tenants are Transamerica, Bank Midwest and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.
The Berliner Philharmonie is a concert hall in Berlin, Germany.
It is adjacent to One Broadway in Downtown Miami's southern Brickell Financial District.
A similar "State Street" sign was subsequently placed at One Lincoln Street.
However, that lumber, and an archeological examination of the surrounding soil, showed charcoal layers, evidence of a serious fire at the site.
Elmer Nickle had a strong interest in airplanes, and so the station was constructed in the Fantastic architectural style in the shape of an airplane.
The Amazon Theatre is an opera house located in Manaus, in the heart of the Amazon rainforest in Brazil.
The Four Buildings are divided into West and East.
Prior to the placement of the clock, a rotating restaurant was located on the roof of the building.
Growth in Bastrop in the 1990s strained the capacity of the narrow two-lane bridge.
In total, the robbers collected at least $60,000.
Sherry Thomas of USA Today said that rumors of the buildings being haunted existed.
During another restoration project in 1975 the courthouse was designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The church building is a rectangular two-story structure facing to the east.
The Hotel is also featured in the 1983 film, National Lampoon's Vacation.
Ivan III of Russia destroyed this symbol, that has the same name) and established an Orthodox church at this place in 1465.
Today, the Thompson Mansion serves as a retreat center.
It was the boyhood home of noted American linguist and folklorist Jeremiah Curtin and is part of the Trimborn Farm estate in Greendale, Wisconsin.
Drake’s leadership, and the congregation purchased a larger site to accommodate the membership.
The house retains much of the fabric of earlier buildings on the site erected by the family.
In 1989, it was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture, published by the University of Florida Press.
St. John's is one of three cathedrals in Warsaw, but the only one which is also an archcathedral.
Its first building, a Victorian Gothic Revival wood frame building, was built in 1896; it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The Illinois Central Stone Arch Railroad Bridges are a trio of limestone railroad bridges in the city of Dixon, Illinois, United States.
It is one of the few remaining buildings on Queen Street that is over a hundred years old.
The architect was Fender Katsalidis Architects and the structural engineer was Connell Mott MacDonald.
540 West Madison, formerly known as ABN AMRO Plaza, is an office building located in the West Loop area of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The centre forms the heart of a mixed-use development known as Century City, which includes office blocks, residential areas and the Ratanga Junction theme park.
Las Vegas Post Office and Courthouse is a Neo-classical building located in Downtown Las Vegas, Nevada.
It is located at 115 East Davis Boulevard.
Duffy Square is the northern triangle of Times Square in Manhattan, New York City.
The Oakland Historic District is a historic district within the city of Oakland, Oregon, United States.
It was a mission of the Diocese of Florida until 1990 when it became active parish.
Subsequent renovations moved the orchestra pit behind the curtain and raised the boxes.
If there is one last under-discovered treasure left in the United States, it surely must be a place called Woolaroc."
The Public Record Office still exists as a legal entity, as the enabling legislation has not been modified.
The house cost $75,000 and the family moved in on Christmas Day, 1865.
Both the Administration building and the State School campus are on the National Register of Historic Places.
The name of the post office changed to "Gardiner City" and eventually to its current name.
The Porter house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 18, 1973.
The Fairmount Water Works in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania was Philadelphia's second municipal waterworks.
The school was honored again in 2005 when the campus was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The building contains an art gallery in the lobby and plans to host curated exhibitions.
Initially built to help boost tourism in the area, today the tower is primarily used as TV transmission tower.
The house is located at the northwest corner of Lafayette Square, at the southwest corner of Jackson Place and H Street, near the White House.
Kivett Hall is the oldest building on the campus of Campbell University in Buies Creek, North Carolina.
Another contorted skeleton was recovered from the corridor.
The tower reaches a height of 190 metres with 54 storeys and 147 apartments.
The last two owners were the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity and the current owner, the city of Edwardsville.
During the Great New England Hurricane of 1938, the observatory measured the strongest wind gust ever directly measured and recorded in a hurricane at 186 mph.
Its use of Tudor-style architectural elements in the facade came two years before the construction of Tudor City, the other major Tudor complex in Manhattan.
It was purchased in 2009 by Bo Young and William Foote.
It emphasizes right angles and avoids curved forms for doorways, windows, and moldings.
The director of the Botanical Gardens, Friedrich Dehnhardt, planted oaks, pines, palms, cypresses and a large selection of flowers in the gardens.
It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on November 22, 1996.
Mercury City Tower is a 338.8 meter tall skyscraper in Moscow and one of the tallest buildings in Europe.
Fort Recovery was a United States Army fort begun in late 1793 and completed in March 1794 under orders by General "Mad" Anthony Wayne.
The Domhoff Buildings are a pair of historic commercial buildings in the Northside neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
Built in 1904, the Ranck Round Barn is a large and wood frame barn.
The hotel was built in 1929 by the Farrell Hotel Company at an approximate cost of $1,000,000.
Much of the neighborhood was developed from the 1890s to the 1920s, and its buildings largely reflect Queen Anne, Italianate, and 1920s bungalow architecture.
It encompasses 5.2 acres, and as of the end of 2005, had 5,326 interments.
Dubai Snowdome was a proposed indoor ski resort that would have been constructed in Dubailand.
It was originally built as a warehouse for Butler Brothers, a mail-order firm.
It is a part of the Union Square project on top of Kowloon Station.
The Lambs, Inc. is a social club in New York City for actors, songwriters, and others involved in the theater.
It was originally furnished by Rorimer-Brooks Studios, Inc.
Located on Kremlin Cathedral Square, between the Cathedral of the Annunciation and the Dormition Cathedral.
It was designed by Louis Sullivan with decorative elements by George Elmslie.
The present Douglas County Courthouse is located at 1701 Farnam Street in Omaha, Nebraska, United States.
Boulder Bridge and Ross Drive Bridge were added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 20, 1980.
The building sustained heavy damage to its atrium and several upper floors during Hurricane Rita.
It is located along Bridge Street, just off NY 17K as it enters the village by crossing the Wallkill River at Ward's Bridge, hence its name.
When the plan was overhauled in December 2008, this timetable was revoked.
Bankers Hall Club occupies the old space of the Bankers Hall Five movie theater which was open from 1990 to 2001.
The auditorium seats 2210 people during a concert, and 1035 during a classroom type event.
A diamond-shaped second building located to the west once contained the Sudbury Public School Board and the Sudbury Public Library's Archives branch.
It is now the second tallest tower and the fifth-tallest freestanding structure in the world.
The moat remained; however, it did sustain some damage from the demolition of the hall.
The Vero Theatre is a historic theater in Vero Beach, Florida.
The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It was designed to serve as a permanent showcase for a large marble relief "Human Passions" by Jef Lambeaux.
Bonclarken has two fully equipped kitchens and conference centers that can hold up to 1200 people in their meeting centers.
The semi-circular walls in both court rooms are similar to design features used in the courthouses and pattern books of architect Robert Mills.
611 Place is also destroyed by an earthquake in the 2000 movie Epicenter.
On 30 September 2012, runners competed for the first time to be the fastest to ascend the tower's 1,914 steps.
The second and taller of the two towers is a circular tower with an entire blue glass exterior which features the transmission tower on top.
Bordered on three sides by Morris Park and on the west by City Avenue, it includes some original mansions built on Wistar Morris' gentleman's farm.
The neighborhood includes most of Quincy's rich German architecture.
The church was designed by Richard M. Upjohn, and its distinctive interior is largely the work of Tiffany & Co.
In 2007, the office building was converted to a luxury hotel.
Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art is an art museum located on the campus of the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon.
It is located at 252 Adelaide Street East, in the Old Town district.
Unity Tower is a 102.5 metre high-rise building under construction located in Kraków, Poland.
Associated architects Keene & Simpson performed architectural supervision in the construction of the building.
It became a state museum in the 1970s and displays collections of paintings, furniture, textiles and tableware as well as books and weapons.
Today, it is no longer a house, having been converted into offices for the Pension Corporation of America, and the Alliance Benefit Group.
The building, named after businessman Donald Trump, was designed by architect Adrian Smith of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill.
Its Romanesque Revival building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 16, 1990.
In 1902 Lane University was united with Campbell University to form Campbell College.
The response was positive with nearly 42% already sold during pre-construction.
This site is the last water-powered foundry and machine shop in the United States.
The Victor Heritage Society is working to rescue and restore the building.
Lieutenant-Colonel George Taylor Denison III Armoury, commonly known as Denison Armoury, is a Canadian Forces facility located at 1 Yukon Lane in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Arizona Center is a shopping center and office complex located in downtown Phoenix, Arizona.
The grounds became open to the public in 1993.
It is designated a Grade II* listed building.
It has a bullet-like trim motif added c. 1925-30 to its entablature.
It was built around 1860 and is now occupied by a restaurant.
The Lower Sioux Agency, or Redwood Agency, was the federal administrative center for the Lower Sioux Indian Reservation in what became Redwood County, Minnesota, United States.
The Christopher Center Library Services is the library on the campus of Valparaiso University in Valparaiso, Indiana.
Inside the building, there is an open-center court above the second floor.
By traveling the length of Lake Champlain, boaters can access the Chambly Canal, which connects Lake Champlain to the Saint Lawrence Seaway.
It is a popular pilgrimage point for fans of the novel, who, like Leopold Bloom, stop and have a cheese sandwich and a glass of wine.
It is the part of Uptown New Orleans farthest up river from the French Quarter.
The Viridian Tower is a 378-foot, 31 story skyscraper in Nashville, Tennessee.
The Longworth House Office Building is one of three office buildings used by the United States House of Representatives.
Excavations were conducted at the site in the early 1970s prior to dam construction, in anticipation of inundation.
The St. Rita's Colored Catholic Mission is a historic building in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States.
The interior of St. Michael's was badly damaged by fire in 1586, but the tower was unaffected.
Located within the same complex is the NHK Hall, in which performances are regularly held and often televised.
A few willow trees stood on the island; however, the banks on either side of the river were believed to have had minimal tree growth.
Fort Ligonier is a British fortification from the French and Indian War located in Ligonier, Pennsylvania, United States.
The building vis-à-vis the Funkturm contains three large broadcasting rooms located in the centre, shielded from street noise by the surrounding office wings.
The building was administered by RTVE until 1989, when control over radio and television emissions in Spanish territory was given to Retevisión.
The Electric Tower hosts the annual Buffalo Ball Drop on New Year's Eve, the second largest in the nation.
Bomberger's Distillery, more recently Michter's Distillery, is believed to be the first distillery established in what is now the United States.
As of 2009, Boston Properties has begun to refer to the building as Atlantic Wharf.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983 and is owned by the National Park Service.
The Lahontan Dam is a dam situated on the Carson River in the Carson Desert between Carson City, Nevada and Fallon, Nevada in the United States.
Others found in its lack of ornamentation the natural extension of its commercial purpose and an expression of modern business life.
33 Arch Street is a contemporary highrise in the Financial District and Downtown Crossing neighborhoods of Boston, Massachusetts.
It is currently an open-air museum in Allamuchy Mountain State Park.
The ancient wall can be seen in some of the backyards of homes along the Rua do Anjo and Rua de São Marcos.
Broadway Mansions is a nineteen-floor Art Deco five star hotel in Shanghai, China.
Today, they house students in the Scholar Leaders program.
The plantation was first owned by Josephine Aime Ferry in 1830, but the Ferry family sold it to Joseph Waguespack in 1877.
The hospital was built for railroad employees and was one of four employee hospitals run by the railroad Santa Fe Employees Hospital Association.
Old Upper Springfield Friends Burying Ground is a cemetery located in Springfield Township and Wrightstown, in Burlington County, New Jersey.
John Dickinson was a lawyer and politician who spent most of the time in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Wilmington, Delaware.
Today, GE Lighting is a part of GE Home & Business Solutions, headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky.
The Huron Indian Cemetery in Kansas City, Kansas, also known as Huron Park Cemetery, is now formally known as the Wyandot National Burying Ground.
This was about half of the land in the Faroes, and since then called King's Land.
It was formerly known as Spring Park.
The building stands atop what used to be the Savoyard Creek near its confluence with the Detroit River.
Following public opposition due to an undemocratic decisionmaking process, no environmental assessment, and concerns about the impact on Penangites, the PGCC plan was blocked.
General Winfield Scott House is where General and unsuccessful Whig Presidential candidate Winfield Scott lived from 1853 to 1855.
The Dutch word ronduyt is an adjective meaning "frankly" or "positively."
1700 Market has the distinction of being the tallest building in Philadelphia built during the 1960s.
All four are interred beneath the church in a family crypt.
This is despite the fact that the floods that Tully experienced in 1967 and 1973 were greater than 8 metres.
Augustus M. Ryon founded the college's School of Mines in 1888, and was named the first president of Montana State University in 1893.
Brickell Arch is an office skyscraper in Brickell in Downtown Miami, Florida, United States.
It continued in use as a bank building.
Although it takes place around the same time as the American holiday Halloween, the event is meant to be historic rather than spooky.
The temple is archaeoastronomically aligned to the Hyades.
The Hennepin County Government Center is the courthouse and primary county government administration building for Hennepin County in the State of Minnesota.
It is located on the second floor of the south-most wing of the St. La Salle Hall, the oldest building of the university.
The building serves as the global headquarters of the HSBC Group.
The classroom was one of the first in the US to be co-ed, educating both boys and girls since 1788.
The area near the national monument entrance was used for gliding activities in 1929-1935.
Renovations continue, but as of June 14, 2010 the Foundation moved its programs into the building.
The hotel opened on July 6, 2011.
Horta designed every single detail; furniture, carpets, light fittings, tableware and even the door bell.
The building, designed by noted architect Charles Bulfinch, was completed in January 1798 at a cost of $133,333, and has repeatedly been enlarged since.
On May 11, 2015 the Chapel closed for a year due to necessary restoration work on the ceiling.
Orwell believed that the language used was necessarily vague or meaningless because it was intended to hide the truth rather than express it.
It functioned between 1862 and 1865 in what is now Chimborazo Park, treating over 76,000 injured Confederate soldiers.
A nearby subway station, built in 1935 as Palace of the Soviets station, was renamed Kropotkinskaya in 1957.
The building's design was the work of Wilfred Frank Higgins, an architect in Doyle's office.
Regular tours are available from April to October and during the December holidays.
It is also home to the Japanese-inspired sushi restaurant, Nove Kitchen and bar.
There are also Renaissance Printers' Marks on the ceiling.
The DeWint House became a temporary headquarters of Commander-in-Chief George Washington during the American Revolution.
The unique form of the Berlaymont's architecture is utilised in the European Commission's official emblem.
It is the longtime home of the Cincinnati Chamber Orchestra.
The Socialist Labor Party Hall at 46 Granite Street, Barre, Vermont was constructed in 1900.
It serves as student accommodation for 542 students and is close to the City campus of Leeds Beckett University and the University of Leeds.
It was the site of the house built in 1745 by Van Keuren and his wife Sarah, early settlers of the area.
Its campus was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1990.
It was built in 1874 by William Bruce Gingell, and is an example of the Bristol Byzantine style with yellow and red brick and Moorish arches.
After Persius' death in 1845, the architect Friedrich August Stüler was charged with continuing his work.
The Allen County Courthouse in Fort Wayne, Indiana is one of 37 United States National Historic Landmarks in the state of Indiana.
The Kohler Foundation undertook restoring the location, and it was re-opened to the public in 2016.
As of October, 2006, a concrete bridge is being built 100 feet north of the site of the bridge.
In 1796, the Kentucky General Assembly appropriated funds to provide a house to accommodate the governor.
The name is taken from a nearby rocky, moss-covered ledge that still is a notable feature of the shoreline.
The building has a small multi-storey car park off Basinghall.
They killed one slave in the attack, and two more died trying to escape capture.
Since 2008 it has also been on the UNESCO list of tentative World Heritage Sites.
Nature trails lead to Pettigrew State Park, which adjoins the site.
The Merdeka Palace, is one of six presidential palaces in Indonesia.
Lissan House is a historic house and tourist attraction in Northern Ireland.
Temple Square is a 10-acre complex, owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, in the center of Salt Lake City, Utah.
Hailing the beetle as a "herald of prosperity," it stands as the world's first monument built to honor an agricultural pest.
Fort Phil Kearny was an outpost of the United States Army that existed in the late 1860s in present-day northeastern Wyoming along the Bozeman Trail.
The Cornelius Low House is listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places.
Present-day Mackinaw City developed around the site of the fort, which has been designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The monument is topped with a 220-ton star that commemorates the site of the Battle of San Jacinto, the decisive battle of the Texas Revolution.
The house itself "is of no architectural significance" and "is a simple two-story frame structure of a domestic style common to the 1920s."
It was bought in 1591 by John Blanchard and housed his descendants for generations, but fell into disrepair.
Amway Grand Plaza Hotel is a member of the Curio Collection by Hilton, an affiliation which began in December, 2015.
It is located in the Loop, across Michigan Avenue from Millennium Park.
The site is now protected as part of the Lewis and Clark National and State Historical Parks, and is formerly known as Fort Clatsop National Memorial.
It qualified for the Register both because of its distinctive historic architecture and because of its place in Ohio's history.
It is officially designated on the National Register of Historic Places by The United States Department of the Interior.
Benton, a medical doctor, who had sold 10 nearby acres for construction of "a new negro high school" nearby.
The shower, non-functioning, still exists on the 19th floor today.
The house on the right has been occupied by numerous owners, including Ruth and Laura Powers, Sideshow Bob, and the extended Flanders family.
The top ten floors of the building have been converted to hotel rooms, leaving nineteen floors of offices.
The Institute for stained glass in Canada has documented the stained glass at the Manitoba Club.
The Torre de Cristal is a skyscraper in the Cuatro Torres Business Area in Madrid, Spain, completed in 2008.
Significant development began c. 1860 and continued for the next two decades.
Located at 6829 Clinton Highway in Powell, an unincorporated community in Knox County, Tennessee, it is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The building and grounds also have an extensive set of public art, with works from over two dozen mainly Pacific Northwest artists.
It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1976.
The Graycliff estate was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and was built between 1926 and 1931.
The 1894 buildings are well-preserved examples of typical commercial architecture of the period, and several have metal storefronts.
All four sides have friezes lettered in white brick reading "Great Northern Railway Company's Goods Warehouse".
The Sarasota County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at 2000 Main Street in Sarasota, Florida.
Ministry of Community Development, Culture and the Arts
The response of LAFD was delayed by an address error.
It rises to the maximum height approved by the city at 205 m and 51 floors.
It is a grade II listed building.
It is officially the 4th & Vine Tower.
The house was designed in Wright's post-World War II Usonian architecture, with the goal of "affordable, beautiful housing for a democratic America."
After the chairlift was relocated in 1962, it was abandoned and became derelict due to vandalism and fierce mountain weather.
Abraham Vastine, a housebuilder, built this house of limestone from an adjacent quarry, and it has walls two feet thick.
Conversely, the Small Assembly Hall was at other times named the Sharansky Assembly Hall, after Soviet dissident Natan Sharansky.
Mohawk Upper Castle Historic District is a historic district in Herkimer County, New York that was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1993.
Waterloo Village is a restored 19th-century canal town in Byram Township, Sussex County in northwestern New Jersey, United States.
The house appears on the National Register of Historic Places and was designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1984.
The churchyard wall has coping blocks formed from copper-slag, the same material used to construct the Black Castle Public House.
The Elizabethton Covered Bridge was constructed in 1882 and connects 3rd Street and Hattie Avenue.
Lookout Studio was constructed by the Santa Fe Railway in 1914 and was established as a photography studio to compete with Kolb Studio.
Meyerson Hall houses the University of Pennsylvania's School of Design.
Every holiday season the house is opened for special tours.
From 1965 until 1980, governors were permitted to propose changes to the house.
The old castle, today demolished, had an approximate rectangular plan, with towers on each vertice.
It belongs to the Duke of Northumberland and is now his family's London residence.
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 20, 1998.
The 130-acre estate is now maintained as a museum and wildlife sanctuary by Montgomery County, and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1989.
Bangor Theological Seminary was an official Open and Affirming seminary.
Completed in 1964, the building is 749 feet tall, with 52 floors.
Old Louisville is a historic district and neighborhood in central Louisville, Kentucky, USA.
In March 2017 an announcement was made that the line would be reopened later in the year after safety enhancements are completed.
The building originally housed the City Museum and Library and opened in April 1872.
The castle, which was constructed between 1926 and 1929, was the home and laboratory of John Hays Hammond, Jr.
A young Pietro Belluschi started his career with A.E.
However, just two years later, it was demolished because the city of Paris, which was quickly growing, needed space for housing.
The stone and brickwork before the front door is all that remains of the substantial country house built in 1741 by Malbone.
On June 7, 1974, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
At the Dissolution of the Monasteries the manor was granted to John Malte and passed down to the courtier John Harington.
The most visited rocks, around the amphitheater, are Creation Rock to the north, Ship Rock to the south, and Stage Rock to the east.
Undergraduates from nearby University of Kentucky have been known to paint the testicles of the horse in the school colors of blue and white.
The tower in Oranzhereina Street is not open to the public.
The original Tribune Tower was built in 1868, but was destroyed in the Great Chicago Fire in 1871.
In 1970, under new ownership, the stand was moved to the Rocky Mountain town of Aspen Park, along U.S. 285.
The community was approximately the half-way point in the roughly 102-mile trip along the Morris Canal, which ran from Jersey City to Phillipsburg, New Jersey,.
It was bounded by Larkin Street, McAllister Street, and City Hall Avenue, largely where the current Public Library and U.N. Plaza stand today.
McKay was the four story building's architect, and it includes masonry, suspended bronze marquee, extensive use of terra-cotta ornamentation.
It is also a contributing property to the Irvine Park Historic District.
The towers have a height of 114 m and have 26 floors.
Later, the fort would become important to the Creek Nation, the United States, and the state of Georgia for economic, military, and political reasons.
Moderne architecture to make repairs and to meet new earthquake-related building codes.
Despite some years of claims and litigation, the club and its members were never found to be liable for monetary damages.
The True Davidson Chambers is named for former mayor True Davidson.
The Hamilton Heights subsection of Harlem derived its name from Hamilton's 32 acre estate there.
The palace is in the central region of inner Mysore, facing the Chamundi Hills eastward.
The tower is connected to the Main Place Mall, downtown's only shopping mall, with a gross leasable area of 250,000 square feet.
Today, the library has bronze and mahogony furnishings and has themed paintings on the rotunda ceiling.
It is famous for a ghostly image that can be seen in one of its garrett windows, claimed to be that of freedman Henry Wells.
Roosevelt State Park is a 9,049 acre Georgia state park located near Pine Mountain and Warm Springs.
The crown faces towards the old part of Frankfurt where the coronations were held at the Frankfurt Cathedral.
Its board is entirely made up of architects and craftsmen and others deeply involved in the original restoration.
In 1995, the Government of Guyana proposed Georgetown City Hall as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
In 2008 it was converted into the Victoria Gallery & Museum.
Access to backpacking trails, including the Chicago Lakes trail and Lincoln Lakes trail, can be found adjacent to the lake.
It centers on the historic home of Edwin M. Shield, which was built in 1868 under the leadership of Henry Crooks.
The tower consists of 100% office space.
He served as supervisor of the Town of Onondaga.
In 1983, The Astor Theatre was leased by George Florence, who still runs the business.
Abner Gaines came to Kentucky from Virginia in 1804.
The Sun Tower is a 17 storey 82 m Beaux-Arts building at 128 West Pender Street in Vancouver, British Columbia.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The gates have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since November 28, 1978.
One example of these milestones is called Lost Creek Camp.
The Centre opened in October 1997, and is divided into two buildings that appear as one, the art and craft building and the performing arts building.
In 1992 it was the site of the Carandiru massacre.
Since 2011, management of the hall is undertaken by Bristol Music Trust.
It is Woodward’s only home on the National Register of Historic Places.
The building's capacity was estimated at between 11,000 and 15,000.
It is the second tallest building in Frankfurt, the second tallest building in Germany and the third tallest building in the European Union.
The Judson House broken scroll pediment entry is one of the finest in Connecticut.
It is notable for its Italian Renaissance Revival architectural significance and as the setting of historical events.
George's wife Helen collected knick-knacks from all over the world, including scrimshaw from Alaska, tobacco pipes from the Philippines, and a giant elk head.
After the Mongol destruction, the castle was of only regional significance, passing through the hands of various local powers.
The fort now serves as headquarters for Pakistan's Frontier Corps.
His son William Jackson lived in it from 1820 until his death.
The two connected buildings stand beside each other on Chambers Street, by the intersection with the George IV Bridge, in central Edinburgh.
It is within two miles of the present corporate limit of Oxford, Ohio.
The tower is topped off by two radio masts.
Although considerable parts of it are still in Romanesque architecture, it is widely considered to be among the finest examples of high, or late, Gothic architecture.
It was originally planned to be called "The San Jose Hotel", but instead it was changed to be named after explorer Juan Bautista de Anza.
The house features a combined kitchen and family room, a sunken living room with a cathedral ceiling, and a gallery that leads to four bedrooms.
Gatke Hall is the second-oldest building at Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, United States.
Its surroundings along Lincoln Street and Maksutoff Street, which ends at the cathedral, have not altered much during the last more than 100 years.
Frans Hals, Portrait of Seated Man Holding Hat.
Located at Dewey Square, on the convergence of Fort Point and the Financial District neighborhoods.
The parish is the site of the original Episcopal congregation in Cleveland.
His daughter, Anna Maria, and her husband, Major Fredericus Blauvelt, lived at the house.
John Williams, an early South Carolina planter, probably began building Middleton Place in the late 1730s.
The home remained in existence until the 1980s.
The Napa River goes through the Mare Island Strait and separates the peninsula shipyard from the main portion of the city of Vallejo.
The mansion is home to two Steinway grand pianos used for concerts and to entertain dinner guests.
In 2010, Ono unveiled a blue marker plaque at the site, making it an English Heritage "building of historical interest".
The most evident of these is Greek, with four Doric style columns 'tying' the ground and first floors together.
The new owners were just the third family to live in the house in over 100 years.
Those train cars are now part of the current restaurant's dining facilities.
It is locally significant as one of the best examples of the Spanish Colonial Revival style in Fort Pierce, maintaining its original qualities exceptionally well.
The 6th floor, which extends out of the parking structure, includes the lobby, swimming pool, health club, tennis court, and other amenities.
Hall was an eminent New York lawyer and descendant of two signers of the Declaration of Independence.
Its buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The historic district was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The structure contains 33 floors of office space, standing as the 29th-tallest building in the city.
The house is located south of Herndon, Virginia, in Fairfax County.
The Great Hall of the People is also a popular attraction in the city frequented by tourists visiting the capital.
Located on 1 Street in the Industrial Area of KSC on Merritt Island, Florida, it formally opened on May 26, 1965.
The house also has various other works of historical and artistic significance, displayed for the public.
It was converted from apartments to condominiums in 1973.
Hotel Adolphus is an upscale hotel and Dallas Landmark in the Main Street District of Downtown Dallas Dallas, Texas.
The Chaworth-Musters family became one of the most powerful families in Nottinghamshire.
The main auditorium seats 1,364 and two other performance spaces can seat 200 and 400.
The church is located at 473 South 11th Street in Louisville, Kentucky's near west end.
On September 6, 2011, The Surf Ballroom was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Interior doors are all distinguished by their colored stenciled floral designs.
Akufo-Addo was sworn into office on 7 January 2017.
The Hospital Trust Tower was built to house the institution responsible for funding Rhode Island Hospital.
The Elmo Natali Student Center, commonly referred to as The Union, is the student union building centrally located on the campus of California University of Pennsylvania.
Along with the Brafferton and President's House, these buildings form the College's Ancient Campus.
The Bartons Arms is a public house in the High Street in the Newtown area of Aston, Birmingham, England.
It has approximately 715,000 square feet of office space.
The winery was shut down by Prohibition in 1919, and the company sold off its assets to avoid bankruptcy.
The schoolhouse was built in 1840 to replace an older school a quarter-mile to the south.
The towers are located within Jumeirah Beach Residence, a 40-tower, 7,000 unit residential and hotel development which runs alongside Dubai Marina.
It is one of the most-visited museums in the country.
The Colorado Governor's Mansion, also known as the Cheesman-Boettcher Mansion, is a historic U.S. mansion in Denver, Colorado.
What remains of the mill are foundations for water tanks, crushers, roasters, iron boxes, leaching tanks, and drain boxes.
In 2002, the WHC became the first Smithsonian Institution affiliate museum in the Northern Plains.
It was chartered in 1855, received its first interment in 1857.
A two-story entrance pavilion is topped with concrete "turnings" on the corners and a carved swag and wreath in the center.
The community hall provides a focus for the community and is used daily.
An underground public car park is also located beneath the building.
It contains 187 historic buildings and one structure.
Damaged in Allied bombing during World War II, the building was restored after the war by Chen Yi, the Governor-General of Taiwan Province.
It is still commonly referred to as the NatWest Tower.
The church is home to Joseph, aka "Big Joe", the largest swinging bell ever cast in the United States.
The Coming Street cemetery is a private burial ground owned by Kahal Kadosh Beth Elohim Synagogue and is not open to the public.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
The Nantucket Historic District is a National Historic Landmark District that encompasses the entire island of Nantucket, Massachusetts.
At its height, it consisted of twenty-two buildings, only four of which survived until 1956, when local citizens created a small museum in the administration building.
Most of the materials for Brick Castle were taken from the land around the farm, including the clay.
It was the home of Oliver Hastings, a local builder.
The Illinois Historic Preservation Agency operates the house as a historic house museum and offers tours of the home that emphasize Vachel Lindsay's poetry and art.
The Puye Cliff Dwellings are the ruins of an abandoned pueblo, located in Santa Clara Canyon on Santa Clara Pueblo land near Española, New Mexico.
Sierra Towers is a residential 31-story high-rise condominium building in West Hollywood, California, United States.
The original ESMA was a complex located at 8151 Libertador Avenue, in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, in the barrio of Nuñez.
In 1832 when the Colony of Newfoundland governed itself by representative government there was not a formal building assigned to house the legislature.
903-911 Whalley Avenue, a Masonic hall built for the Olive Branch Temple Corporation
The exteriors of the structures are largely covered with gold-bronze glass with tan granite accents.
The Central Avenue School is a historic school in Lakeland, Florida, United States.
The stadium was built around the 1930s as Works Progress Administration Project 4265, and still holds the original plaque dedicating the structure.
The deeply recessed entryway and vestibule is done in cast bronze and ornamental glass.
After much anticipation, the Streets at Southpoint opened on March 8, 2002 and received 1 million visitors every month in its opening year.
Whitman's store was called "At the sign of the Turk's Head".
It is next to the DeVault-Massengill House.
The Cultural Education Center is attached to the south side of the Empire State Plaza in Albany, New York, United States.
The Minneapolis Armory is located in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
With its height of 368 metres it is the tallest structure in Germany, and the second tallest structure in the European Union.
The House was built in 1916 by architect U. G. Charles of Wichita, Kansas for L. L. Stine, an early banker in Woodward.
However, Manhattanization from 1960 to 1990 has shrouded the tower in a shell of skyscrapers, removing the tower's prominence.
Construction on the 101-story tower started in 1999 and finished in 2004.
The house is currently uninhabited, but it is used by the royal family to host both private and official events.
It consists of six residential buildings which were constructed in two phases; three buildings were constructed in each phase.
It is located near Harvard Square and borders on several parts of Harvard University.
The investigation of this 2013 incident led to the discovery of potentially serious safety problems in both the design and the operation of the funicular.
As the first eating club to both abandon the selective bicker process and become coeducational in 1969, Colonial Club has been heralded for its progressive legacy.
General Wilder built the home in 1904, presumably as a summer home since he already owned a home in the Fort Sanders neighborhood of Knoxville.
Construction began on 19 April 1931 and the building opened on 21 February 1933.
The first occupants, Governor Daniel G. Fowle and his family, moved into the unfinished building in January 1891.
The 1838 Peter Augustus Jay House, now being restored by the not-for-profit Jay Heritage Center, is one of two Greek Revival residences.
It is located just off West Virginia Route 67 in Bethany.
For eighty years, the Amana Colony maintained an almost completely self-sufficient local economy, importing very little from the industrializing American economy.
It belonged to the Nawab of Bahawalpur princely state, during British Raj.
The Governor's Mansion is the official home of the governor of the U.S. State of Georgia.
Designed to carry Saddle Creek Road under Dodge Street, the underpass was constructed in 1934 by the Works Progress Administration.
It is located at 2435 North Florida Avenue.
It was bombed in the Manchester Blitz and its interior rebuilt.
Because the ice shelf is slowly moving towards the open ocean it will eventually calve off creating a drifting iceberg.
It took approximately 3 years to erect.
The villa dates from 1816 when Ferdinand I of the House of Bourbon, King of the Two Sicilies, acquired the property.
They also met with North Carolina's Division of Archives and History to explore ideas.
It was built in 1722 by Symen Van Wickle, also known as Symen Van Wicklin.
A smaller barrel serves as the kitchen and the two barrels are connected by a pantry.
Jose Castro House, now known as the Castro-Breen Adobe, in San Juan Bautista, California, USA, is a historic adobe home built by José Castro in 1840.
Named after Congressman Joe Moakley, the 675,000-square-foot building was completed in 1999 at a cost of $170 million and has won many design awards.
They called their village New Inverness, later named Darien.
The following programmes are transmitted by Piaski transmitter.
After Warren had finished, and Abbott regained consciousness, Warren asked the patient how he felt.
It is said sometimes that the Moscow authorities have decided to restore it, but there is no official corroboration of this information.
The development is expected to cost about $600 million.
As well as the former prison, the site contains the Andersonville National Cemetery and the National Prisoner of War Museum.
25, Free and Accepted Masons, is an historic Masonic building located at 508 East Kennedy Boulevard in Tampa, Florida, United States.
The trails are for hikers and horseback riders only; no vehicle access is provided.
Through the American Civil War and until 1873, it was used as an armory.
The skyscraper has a floor area of 48,275 m2 and was built in the international and late modernist architectural styles.
The Preservation Alliance of Minnesota calls the Chateau Theatre Minnesota's "last and best example of 'atmospheric theater."'
At that time Baron Glanusk was the Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire.
In 1998, the Horse Hospital hosted the debut British exhibition by outsider artist / painter Joe Coleman which attracted a new audience.
The house consists of two main dwelling stories topped by a hip roof that has a central monitor providing a partial third floor space.
West One is a mixed-use development at the centre of the Devonshire Quarter in the city centre of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
The courthouse opened for business on January 20, 2004, replacing the old Metro Courthouse at 4th and Roma.
The Druid Hills Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Near the building is Kerinchi Pylon, the tallest electricity pylon in Southeast Asia.
On January 7, 1976 it was recognized as a National Historic Landmark for its architectural significance.
The Scott Lake site was developed in 1971 as an interpretive exhibit by Kansas Historical Society archeologists.
Constructed of brick, the two-and-one-half-story house is covered by a tin roof.
Congress Hall should not be confused with Independence Hall, which is located next door.
The Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre is one of the two major convention and exhibition venues in Hong Kong, along with AsiaWorld-Expo.
It encompasses 31.7 acres, and as of the end of 2005, had 25,172 interments.
It will be a Korean landmark upon completion.
The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
"Atash" is the Persian word for fire.
There are also several roads nearby named Lescudjack, two schools have used the name and the local Sure Start is called Lescudjack.
Also, the restaurant's famous sticky buns were always served at the beginning of each meal.
It is part of the Loop Retail Historic District.
The Arthur Lewis Building, which is named after the economist Arthur Lewis, is part of the University of Manchester's campus.
The Charles Copeland Morse House was the home of Charles Copeland Morse, founder of the Ferry-Morse Seed Company.
The Crow Wing County Courthouse, in Brainerd, Minnesota, United States, is a Beaux-Arts courthouse built in 1920.
The Unity Building, in Oregon, Illinois, is a historic building in that city's Oregon Commercial Historic District.
On April 18, 2012, the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the Historic Capitol Building on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years.
Tulane replaced all external signage which read "Tidewater" with signs that read "Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine."
It is named after its first owner and occupant Stephen Decatur.
October 25, 1683, Lots are drawn for land among Pastorius's followers and settlement begins
It is the only historic house museum in the Greenwich Village/Soho/NoHo neighborhoods.
The building is composed of modern and 15th-, 16th-, and 18th-century architectural elements and sits on a rocky cliff overlooking Gloucester Harbor.
A railroad, the Longview, Portland & Northern, served the IP mill until it closed.
It was listed as the 11th largest office complex in Louisville in 2004 by the newspaper Business First.
The Whitgift Centre is a large shopping centre and office development in the centre of Croydon, London, opened in stages between 1968 and 1970.
It was founded in 1846 by Swedish pietist Eric Janson and his followers.
The Bryan Tower is a skyscraper in Dallas, Texas.
The Green Building is an environmentally conscious mixed-use development situated in Manchester.
Cordelia Lutheran Church was dedicated by Pastor Peter Carlson on December 15, 1883 and is the oldest Lutheran building in the state of Idaho.
The original jungle gym is located here, having been moved from Horace Mann School in 1940.
The building was designed by Lloyd Jones Brewer Associates of Houston and was constructed by Miner-Dederick of Houston and F. Miller and Sons of Lake Charles.
The building is art deco in style and is covered in glazed architectural terra-cotta.
Built in 1884, it is located in Greencastle, Indiana.
Four paintings for the reredos were commissioned from the German artist Fritz von Kamptz in 1906, and are now housed in the south aisle.
It was the tallest for fourteen years until it was surpassed by the Q1 in 2005.
The "East Gate Toll House" which sits on the south east side of the "Roslyn Cemetery" and is clearly seen from Northern Blvd.
The ornamentation of the building is considered a fine example of Art Deco.
The Walnut Street Bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 23, 1990.
The park is also used for various City and community events including an annual summer music in the park program.
It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
La Tour de la Bourse is a 48-storey skyscraper in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The region's light rail system, TriMet's MAX, serves the center with a station on Holladay Street.
The building now houses the Bisbee Mining & Historical Museum.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 17, 1970.
AEG owns the long-term lease on the O2 Arena and surrounding leisure space.
The building was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
In 2015, it hosted several sport competitions of the 2015 Pan American Games.
A. Schwab dry goods store is the only remaining original business on Beale Street in Memphis, Tennessee.
However, that specific building has since been renamed the Miami Tower.
Svenska Bostäder took over ownership of the building from its former host Vasakronan on 29 December 2003.
It operated for much of the 20th century, providing sweeping views of the Hudson Valley, and efforts continue to restore it today.
The footprint of the house covers approximately 1 acre of the 14 acres estate on the cliffs overlooking the Atlantic Ocean.
In the reign of Henry VII, Edith Hore formed a relationship with Rowland Pudsey, and they soon married resulting in Rowland acquiring the hall and estate.
It will become the region's business capital as well as a freehold city.
It is a neighborhood of Norwich but has its own post office.
The Florida springs, hunting, and warm climate appealed to people across the nation and internationally.
The temple ceased to be a place of worship after 1883 with the installation of petroleum plants at Surakhany.
Like One M & T Plaza, the spire of the tower is illuminated with different holiday colors at night throughout the year.
It is the only synagogue designed by famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright.
The theater showed both blockbusters, and more obscure fare.
The building serves as the main headquarters for Riverside County.
The nearest Underground station is Southwark on the Jubilee line.
The partnership that owned One Summit Square was to have ended in 2016, which would have required the tenants to find new homes.
Among other collections, the museum includes the largest assemblage of Newcomb Pottery in the United States.
The tower was constructed in 1921 and was torn down in 1952.
Both buildings would have stood 200 m and would have contained 60 floors for residential use.
The building faces streets on three sides: Chater Road, Pedder Street and Connaught Road Central.
The Grand Prince Hotel Akasaka was an upscale hotel in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.
