In humans, Urotensin-2 is encoded by the UTS2 gene.
TBC is available in a form of a solid crystal and 85% solution in methanol or water.
Dimercaprol works by binding with heavy metals.
It is a colourless volatile liquid that is stable in the absence of water.
Ethylene oxide is isomeric with acetaldehyde and with vinyl alcohol.
Another novel application of CFSE is its use for the in vitro and in vivo determination of cytotoxic lymphocytes.
This colorless solid consists of a benzene ring with hydroxyl, ethoxy, and formyl groups on the 4, 3, and 1 positions, respectively.
Methallylescaline was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Aluminium nitrate is a white, water-soluble salt of aluminium and nitric acid, most commonly existing as the crystalline hydrate, aluminium nitrate nonahydrate, Al(NO3)3·9H2O.
Examples of such dyes are ethidium bromide and propidium iodide.
and exhibits many properties similar to thromboxane A2, including shape change and aggregation of platelets  and smooth muscle contraction.
Carpaine is one of the major alkaloid components of papaya leaves which has been studied for its cardiovascular effects.
NADA was first described as a putative endocannabinoid in 2000 and was subsequently identified as an endovanilloid in 2002.
Oxepane can be polymerized by cationic initiators such as
Lithium aluminate, also called lithium aluminium oxide, is an inorganic chemical compound, an aluminate of lithium.
As a food additive, it has the E number E352.
Honeywell markets HFC-245fa under the Enovate and Genetron 245fa brand names.
This yellow solid consists of both phenolic and acrylic functional groups.
V2O5 + S + 3 H2SO4 → V2(SO4)3 + SO2 + 3 H2O
Like some related compounds, it is highly electrophilic reagent and a potentially dangerous alkylating agent.
Dammarane is a tetracyclic triterpene found in sapogenins like those of ginseng.
MoS2 + 6MoO3 → 7MoO2 + 2SO2
Discovered by Adolf Butenandt in 1959, it was the first pheromone to be characterized chemically.
Ectoine is a natural compound found in several species of bacteria.
Deoxyhypusine hydroxylase mediates the formation of hypusine by addition of a hydroxyl group to the deoxyhypusine residue.
The dyes are membrane-impermeant and can be loaded into cells by microinjection or scrape loading.
Although this sounds beneficial to health, the ban actually freed mercury(II) nitrate to be used in the manufacture of detonators in the then ongoing war.
CR gas or dibenzoxazepine, or its chemical name dibenz[b,f][1,4]oxazepine, is an incapacitating agent and a lachrymatory agent.
It was studied as a treatment for excessive gastric acidity, but withdrawn after human trials showed liver damage.
The stereoisomer 2,3-(R)-oxidosqualene is an inhibitor of lanosterol synthase.
This colorless air sensitive liquid is commonly used as a ligand in transition metal complexes.
This compound smells herbaceous, orange, and ambergris-like.
Certain derivatives of cyanogen are also called "cyanogen" even though they contain only one CN group.
In one study  such donor is prepared by organic oxidation of cyclohexanone oxime with lead tetraacetate to form 1-nitrosocyclohexyl acetate:
In the intestine, bilirubin is converted by bacteria to stercobilinogen.
Common reactions include nucleophilic conjugate addition with organocopper reagents, Michael reactions and Robinson annulations.
In the European Union, it is known by the E number E961.
Buckminsterfullerene is the most common naturally occurring fullerene molecule, as it can be found in small quantities in soot.
The corresponding saturated 6-membered C4O2 rings are called dioxanes.
Synthetic benzaldehyde is the flavoring agent in imitation almond extract, which is used to flavor cakes and other baked goods.
Many synthetic pyrethroids, for example the allethrins, are esters of all four stereoisomers.
4-Methylpyridine is the organic compound with the formula CH3C5H4N.
Acetoxyacetylaminofluorene is a derivative of 2-acetylaminofluorene used as a biochemical tool in the study of carcinogenesis.
Niobocene dichloride is the organometallic compound with the formula2NbCl2, abbreviated Cp2NbCl2.
The molecule is planar with C2v symmetry.
It can be formed by reaction of stoichiometric quantities of monomagnesium phosphate with magnesium hydroxide.
When dissolved in water, iron(III) chloride undergoes hydrolysis and gives off heat in an exothermic reaction.
Mn-deficient soil is remediated with this salt.
Unlike some other phosphorus sulfides, P4S3 is slow to hydrolyze and has a well-defined melting point.
Acetoxolone is a drug used for peptic ulcer and gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Geiparvarin is a coumarin derivative found in the leaves of the Australian Willow.
It has a two chiral carbon atoms giving rise to three stereoisomeric variants.
Substrate-level phosphorylation, oxidative phosphorylation in cellular respiration, and photophosphorylation in photosynthesis are three major mechanisms of ATP biosynthesis.
It is also a uronic acid or hexuronic acid.
Butyrate has been an essential vehicle for determining the role of histone acetylation in chromatin structure and function.
Trimethylolethane is the organic compound with the formula CH3C(CH2OH)3.
However its reactivity and incompatibility with many materials hindered such use.
It can be used in baking or as a cleaning solution.
The final step is a photochemical decarbonylization with a 1,2-dione bridge extruded as carbon monoxide.
It is also known as baker's ammonia and was a predecessor to the more modern leavening agents baking soda and baking powder.
This colorless liquid is often used in organic synthesis, specifically for the hydrosilation of olefins to give alkyl silanes.
It is used as a stain in histology, and stains collagen blue in tissue sections.
Neuraminic acid may be visualized as the product of an aldol-condensation product of pyruvic acid and D-mannosamine.
It is a precursor to diverse fine chemicals.
This includes research in respiration where it is believed that A2A receptors are involved in rhythm generation in the pre-Bötzinger complex.
It has been used orally in dogs, cats and some wildlife species for over 10 years.
tert-Butylhydroquinone is an aromatic organic compound which is a type of phenol.
Triphenylene is a disc-shaped molecule with a planar structure and three-fold rotation axes.
It contains an α-amino group, an α-carboxylic acid group, and an isobutyl side chain, classifying it as a nonpolar amino acid.
This colorless, intensely odorous liquid is the simplest chiral dithiol.
Because it has the odor of cotton candy and caramel, maltol is used to impart a sweet aroma to fragrances.
It is formed from the sequential conversion of LTC4 to LTD4 and then to LTE4, which is the final and most stable cysteinyl leukotriene.
Salts of cholic acid are called cholates.
beta-Damascenone is a major contributor to the aroma of roses, despite its very low concentration, and is an important fragrance chemical used in perfumery.
The other members of this homologous family are monactin, dinactin, trinactin and tetranactin which are all neutral ionophoric substances and higher homologs of nonactin.
It is a white solid, although commercial samples appear yellow.
Acrylamide is a chemical compound with the chemical formula C3H5NO.
It is a colourless liquid that is slightly soluble in water, but miscible with most organic solvents.
It is catalyzed by enolase into phosphoenolpyruvate, the penultimate step in the conversion of glucose to pyruvate.
It works by supplying a required component for making a number of blood clotting factors.
The yearly production is about 30 tonnes.
In recent years, along with other Lithium ceramics, metatitanate pebbles have been the subject of research efforts towards tritium breeding materials in nuclear fusion applications .
They are all colorless liquids, odorless when pure, with boiling points between 50 and 70 °C.
This organomercury compound is described as having a slightly sweet smell, though inhaling enough fumes to notice this would be hazardous.
Usnic acid was identified in many genera of lichens including Usnea, Cladonia, Hypotrachyna, Lecanora, Ramalina, Evernia, Parmelia and Alectoria.
Trehalose is used in a broad spectrum of applications.
Hydroxyethyl cellulose and methyl cellulose are frequently used with hydrophobic drugs in capsule formulations, to improve the drugs' dissolution in the gastrointestinal fluids.
The radical corresponding to glutamate is called glutamyl.
4-Chlorophenoxyacetic acid or parachlorophenoxyacetate is a synthetic pesticide similar to chemicals in a group of plant hormones called auxins.
The intensities of the signals are consistent with the following equilibrium:
Likewise, the radical reacts with iodine to triphenylmethyl iodide.
Zingerone is similar in chemical structure to other flavor chemicals such as vanillin and eugenol.
Lithium acetate is a salt of lithium and acetic acid.
Fluorobenzene is the chemical compound with the formula C6H5F, often abbreviated PhF.
When concentrated or condensed, it converts to S2O2.
              3
It was prepared by reacting dibromomethane and activated zinc in THF.
Polychlorotrifluoroethylene is a thermoplastic chlorofluoropolymer with the molecular formulan, where n is the number of monomer units in the polymer molecule.
Since its development in 1976, 18F-FDG had a profound influence on research in the neurosciences.
The 6α-hydroxyl group makes HDCA a hydrophilic acid, a property it shares with hyocholic acid.
Styrene oxide in the body is metabolized to mandelic acid, phenyl glyoxylic acid, benzoic acid and hippuric acid.
Several research works demonstrate that CoxSy can be used to substitute the high expensive platinum, commonly used for the preparation of high efficient CEs.
PAF is continuously produced by these cells but in low quantities and production is controlled by the activity of PAF acetylhydrolases.
It is a waxy white solid that is soluble in nonpolar organic solvents.
It may also be used for determination of hydrazine.
Nepetalactone was first reported in 1941 after it was isolated by steam distillation of catnip.
It is a member of the class of compounds known as auxins and a chlorinated derivative of the more common auxin indole-3-acetic acid.
It is photosensitive, contributes a pale violet colour to compounds and solutions containing it and is one of the strongest water-stable oxidising species known.
Strontium bromate is toxic if ingested and irritates the skin and respiratory tract if come into contact with or inhaled, respectively.
It is also known in deprotonated form, often as a ligand, for instance in Ditungsten tetra(hpp)
Tetrahydropyran is the organic compound consisting of a saturated six-membered ring containing five carbon atoms and one oxygen atom.
Carbamoyl aspartic acid is a carbamate derivative which serves as an intermediate in pyrimidine biosynthesis.
It is an aromatic compound that has two benzene rings fused to a central furan ring.
Cortisone, also known as 17α,21-dihydroxypregn-4-ene-3,11,20-trione, is a pregnane steroid hormone.
The accumulation of this toxic metabolite in rats from doses of naphthalene has been shown to cause eye damage, including the formation of cataracts.
Cyanocobalamin is a synthetic form of vitamin B
Malonic acid is a dicarboxylic acid with structure CH2(COOH)2.
Above 495 °C, it has the rhombohedral LaF3 structure – with lattice constants a = 707, c = 724 pm.
Fasoracetam appears to agonize all three metabotropic glutamate receptors and has improved cognitive function in rodent studies.
Cacodyl undergoes spontaneous combustion in dry air.
It was presumably first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin and reported in his book, PiHKAL.
Kynureninase catabolizes the conversion of kynurenine into anthranilic acid while kynurenine-oxoglutarate transaminase catabolizes its conversion into kynurenic acid.
It is not used in cytosolic protein synthesis of eukaryotes, where eukaryotic nuclear genes are translated.
It is used by glycosyltransferases to transfer N-acetylglucosamine residues to substrates.
The Arizona group created OCCO using laser light to eject electrons from the corresponding stable singly-charged anions.
NMR spectroscopy indicates that solutions derived from this hexahydrate contain significant amounts of HF.
The operon directs the catabolism of arabinose in E. coli, and it is dynamically activated in the presence of arabinose and the absence of glucose.
PEG is also known as polyethylene oxide or polyoxyethylene, depending on its molecular weight.
This colourless deliquescent solid is a salt that is highly soluble in water.
Citrinin is mainly found in stored grains, but sometimes also in fruits and other plant products.
Tosyl phenylalanyl chloromethyl ketone is a protease inhibitor.
Its composition varies depending on how it is made; however, it consists mainly of tricalcium phosphate 57–80%, calcium carbonate 6–10% and carbon 7–10%.
Solids of the approximate formula As2S5 have been used as pigments and chemical intermediates but are generally only of interest in academic laboratories.
Silicic acid is the general name for a family of chemical compounds containing the element silicon attached to oxide and hydroxyl groups.
The color of pure CuOH is yellow or orange-yellow, but it usually appears rather dark red because of the impurity substances.
It is acted upon by butyryl-CoA dehydrogenase.
I2 + 5 F2 → 2 IF5
Malachite green is an organic compound that is used as a dyestuff and controversially as an antimicrobial in aquaculture.
Ethyl cellulose is used as a food additive as an emulsifier.
This oxygen-sensitive colourless solid is employed in organic synthesis, mainly to synthesise aldehydes.
The preferential cutting sites of esperamicin are at thymidylate residues, and the frequency of nucleobase attacked is different from that of calicheamicin, neocarzinostatin, or bleomycin.
It is a yellow highly crystalline solid, poorly soluble in water but soluble in hot organic solvents.
It is extremely explosive in its pure form, even at −100 °C, and was not isolated until 1975.
It often appears and coexists confounded in environments that also generate ozone, such as pine forests with photodegradation of turpentine.
It is a white crystalline compound that is used in electroplating.
AMPA activates AMPA receptors that are non-selective cationic channels allowing the passage of Na+ and K+ and therefore have an equilibrium potential near 0 mV.
A naturally occurring derivative of 1,3-cyclohexadiene is terpinene, a component of pine oil.
Eledoisin is an undecapeptide of mollusk origin, belonging to the tachykinin family of neuropeptides.
Two crystalline forms are known, the hemihydrate and the tetrahydrate, respectively 
It was introduced in 1965 by Dow Chemical Company.
As of 2000, it had yet to be synthesized in significant amounts but may have transient existence as detected by mass spectrometry.
Spermine is associated with nucleic acids and is thought to stabilize helical structure, particularly in viruses.
In his book PiHKAL, the dosage is unspecified and the duration unknown.
Pyrrole is a heterocyclic aromatic organic compound, a five-membered ring with the formula C4H4NH.
Gluconic acid, gluconate salts, and gluconate esters occur widely in nature because such species arise from the oxidation of glucose.
The color of betanin depends on pH; between four and five it is bright bluish-red, becoming blue-violet as the pH increases.
It is used to make antimalaria drugs.
Sulfur hexafluoride is an inorganic, colorless, odorless, non-flammable, extremely potent greenhouse gas, which is an excellent electrical insulator.
It is structurally related to the saturated arachidic acid found in Cupuaçu butter.
all-cis-7,10,13,16-docosatetraenoic acid is an ω-6 fatty acid with the trivial name adrenic acid(AdA).
Nitrosobenzene is the organic compound with the formula C6H5NO.
Oxalosuccinic acid is a substrate of the citric acid cycle.
Phthalimidopropiophenone is a chemical intermediate used in the synthesis of cathinone.
It consists of enantiomers D- and L-valine, D-alpha-hydroxyisovaleric acid, and L-lactic acid.
When used in fertilizer mixtures with urea and ammonium phosphates, it minimizes escape of ammonia by keeping the pH at a relatively low level.
It has been found to have effects on the regulation of REM sleep.
Peracetic acid is a weaker acid than the parent acetic acid, with a pKa of 8.2.
Binding of myxothiazol induces a red-shift to the visible absorption spectrum of reduced haem bl.
Thujone is a ketone and a monoterpene that occurs naturally in two diastereomeric forms:-α-thujone and-β-thujone.
It is synthetically produced in large quantities from salt and limestone by a method known as the Solvay process.
It has a high flash point minimum of 60 °C.
It is typically grown by means of salicide technology over silicon and polysilicon lines to reduce the sheet resistance of local transistors connections.
As such, it can be used in lab to bring about any of these effects.
p-Cymene is a naturally occurring aromatic organic compound.
2 CH3SH + H2C=O → CH3SCH2SCH3 + H2O
Most notably hydroxyl radicals are produced from the decomposition of hydroperoxides or, in atmospheric chemistry, by the reaction of excited atomic oxygen with water.
This salt is the conjugate base of the thermally unstable acid hydrogen telluride, but it is usually prepared by reduction of tellurium with sodium.
It occurs naturally as the rare mineral sellaite.
It is often confused with butyl nitrite, which is sometimes used as a recreational inhalant.
Apart from that, it has been historically used as a riot control agent, where it is designated CN.
Thiopyrans are analogous to pyrans in which the oxygen atoms have been replaced by sulfur atoms.
The only known protein containing hypusine is eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A and a similar protein found in archaebacteria.
Ortho-DOT was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
The molecule is relatively planar with idealized D2h symmetry.
It is the triester of ethanol and phosphoric acid and can be called "phosphoric acid, triethyl ester".
Triethyl phosphonoacetate can be added dropwise to sodium methoxide solution to prepare a phosphonate ylide.
This synthetic compound is a viscous, water-soluble yellow liquid.
Besides giving flavor to shiitake mushrooms, lenthionine inhibits platelet aggregation, so it is a promising treatment for thrombosis.
After hydrogen fluoride, KF is the primary source of the fluoride ion for applications in manufacturing and in chemistry.
Curium hydroxide [Cm(OH)3] is a radioactive compound first discovered in measurable quantities in 1947.
However, considering the cost of fabricating fullerenes, it is not certain that this derivative can be synthesized on a large scale for commercial applications.
Sorbitan monostearate is used in the manufacture of food and healthcare products and is a non-ionic surfactant with emulsifying, dispersing, and wetting properties.
Yttrium nitride, YN, is a nitride of yttrium.
Butyryl-coenzyme A is the coenzyme A-activated form of butyric acid.
It has practically no flammability at lower temperatures.
HgSe occurs naturally as the mineral Tiemannite.
It was invented by Drahoslav Lim and Otto Wichterle for biological use.
Ruthenium tetroxide is a highly aggressive oxidant, but its one-electron reduced derivative is a mild oxidizing agent for the conversion of alcohols to aldehydes.
Diiodotyrosine is a precursor in the production of thyroid hormone, and results from iodization of monoiodotyrosine at the other meta- position on the phenol ring.
It is the diester of phthalic acid and the branched-chain 2-ethylhexanol.
CTP is a high-energy molecule similar to ATP, but its role as an energy coupler is limited to a much smaller subset of metabolic reactions.
Because HBCD has 16 possible stereo-isomers with different biological activities, the substance poses a difficult problem for manufacture and regulation.
Cucurbitin causes degenerative changes in the reproductive organs of parasitic flatworms called flukes.
Rb2CO3 + 2HBr → 2RbBr + H2O + CO2
Commercially it is obtained as a byproduct, or contaminant, at the fermentation of Geldanamycin.
Ammonium heptamolybdate is the inorganic compound, normally encountered as the tetrahydrate, whose chemical formula is6Mo7O24·4H2O.
It is also an efficient ligand for several commonly used C–C bond-forming cross-coupling reactions, including the Negishi, Suzuki, and the copper-free Sonogashira coupling reactions.
Resistance to G418 is conferred by the neo gene from Tn5 encoding an aminoglycoside 3'-phosphotransferase, APT 3' II.
Simpler carbonates, ones more likely encountered in the laboratory, are NiCO3 and its hexahydrate.
One caveat is that tangeritin appears to counteract the anticancer drug tamoxifen and to suppress the activity of natural killer cells.
This compound is an intermediate in the synthesis of agrochemicals.
Ethidium bromide is an intercalating agent commonly used as a fluorescent tag in molecular biology laboratories for techniques such as agarose gel electrophoresis.
These enzymes are involved in the biosynthesis of steroid hormones, and inhibition of these enzymes results in the interference with hormone metabolism.
As part of an immune response to foreign pathogens, histamine is produced by basophils and by mast cells found in nearby connective tissues.
Sotolon was first isolated in 1975 from the herb fenugreek.
Nemertelline is a neurotoxic tetra-pyridine compound originally found in the marine hoplonemertine worm Amphiporus angulatus.
The blue green solid is volatile under vacuum and slightly soluble in nonpolar solvents.
It is used in the manufacture of food and drink products and sold as a nutritional supplement for its reputed analgesic and antidepressant effects.
The 4,4' isomer is most widely used, and is also known as 4,4'-Diphenylmethane diisocyanate.
It is frequently utilized as a flux due to its good stability.
The compound has been characterized in the solid phase by X-ray crystallography as a bent molecule with an angle of 101°.
Glucuronic acid is a uronic acid that was first isolated from urine.
The Parkinson-inducing effects of MPTP were first discovered following accidental ingestion as a result of contaminated MPPP.
Because of its instability, it is elusive and of no commercial value.
The United States Food and Drug Administration action levels for aflatoxin present in food or feed is 20 to 300 ppb.
Chloro(cyclopentadienyl)bis(triphenylphosphine)ruthenium is the organoruthenium half-sandwich compound with formula RuCl(PPh3)2(C5H5).
Mercury(II) nitrate is a toxic colorless or white soluble crystalline mercury(II) salt of nitric acid.
Methylcholanthrene is also known as 3-methylcholanthrene, 20-methylcholanthrene or the IUPAC name 3-methyl-1,2-dyhydrobenzo[j]aceanthrylene.
Creatine methyl ester is the methyl ester derivative of the amino acid creatine.
The substance is used as an active agent protecting plants and fruit/vegetables from fungal diseases.
Triphenylene is a fully benzenoid PAH, meaning its structure is composed only of full benzene rings interconnected by carbon–carbon single bonds.
It may be prepared through a Diels-Alder reaction by refluxing tetraphenylcyclopentadienone and diphenylacetylene in benzophenone or other high-temperature solvent.
This colorless liquid has a suffocating odor due to its tendency to hydrolyze with release of hydrogen bromide.
Felypressin is a non-catecholamine vasoconstrictor that is chemically related to vasopressin, the posterior pituitary hormone.
Deoxycholic acid is one of the secondary bile acids, which are metabolic byproducts of intestinal bacteria.
When administered orally, it is metabolized to salicylamide which exerts analgesic, antipyretic and antiinflammatory effects.
When further derivatives were discovered, a more systematic nomenclature was used.
On contact with air, especially on the effect of light, it decomposes and turns yellow or reddish from dissolved iodine.
Brostallicin is a chemical compound being studied in the treatment of cancer.
Structural relatives investigation based on eriodictyol and homoeriodictyol, found 2,4-Dihydroxybenzoic acid vanillylamide to elicits bitter-masking activity.
2-Chloro-N6-cyclopentyladenosine is a specific receptor agonist for the Adenosine A1 receptor.
It is used to substitute cocoa or caramel as a colorant.
The mineral form of SnO2 is called cassiterite, and this is the main ore of tin.
Common derivatives include the colourless salts potassium thiocyanate and sodium thiocyanate.
Diazene, also called diimine or diimide, is a compound having the formula2.
Because the carbon atom connected to the bromine is connected to two other carbons the molecule is referred to as a secondary alkyl halide.
4,5-MDO-DMT was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin, though in his book TiHKAL it was not tested to determine its psychoactive effects.
Among the speculations is that ethyl oleate may be the toxic mediator of alcohol in fetal alcohol syndrome.
Azulene has a long history, dating back to the 15th century as the azure-blue chromophore obtained by steam distillation of German chamomile.
Murexide, also called ammonium purpurate or MX, is the ammonium salt of purpuric acid.
Zirconium IV) hydroxide, often called hydrous zirconia is an ill-defined material or family of materials variously described as ZrO2.nH2O and Zr(OH)4.nH2O.
Muscimol is a potent, selective agonist for the GABAA receptors and displays sedative-hypnotic, depressant and dissociative psychoactivity.
Sodium thiosulfate, also spelled sodium thiosulphate, is a chemical and medication.
Copper(II) hydroxide is the hydroxide of the copper with the chemical formula of Cu(OH)2.
It is a more reactive source of iron(0) than iron pentacarbonyl.
Fabrics made from these fibers do not melt when exposed to flame and do not burn.
This is achieved by recycling adenosine diphosphate to ATP via donation of phosphate groups.
Details of the misidentification have been published.
It is a colorless hygroscopic liquid with a strong odor.
It is one of the most simple terpenoids.
Direct Blue 1 is an organic compound with the chemical formula C34H28N6O16S4, used as a dye.
(See PMID 22033364, PMID 19034668, PMID 23147416, PMID 24316469).
They are similar enough to be incorporated as part of DNA replication, but they possess side groups on the uracil component, that prevent base pairing.
Exposure during pregnancy may harm the mental development of children, and most home use was banned in 2001 in the U.S.
In addition to antifungal and antibacterial activities, leptomycin B blocks the cell cycle and is a potent anti-tumor agent.
Benzonitrile is the chemical compound with the formula C6H5CN, abbreviated PhCN.
In biochemistry, it is an intermediate in the citric acid cycle, which occurs in the metabolism of all aerobic organisms.
Diphenylamine is an organic compound with the formula2NH.
Saccharose is an obsolete name for sugars in general, especially sucrose.
PBT and PET are sensitive to hot water above 60 °C.
It was first identified in 1977 and is currently known in only two compounds, sodium orthonitrate and potassium orthonitrate.
Like other nitrite salts such as sodium nitrite, potassium nitrite is toxic if swallowed, and laboratory tests suggest that it may be mutagenic or teratogenic.
When exposed to 5% hydrochloric acid solution, it becomes dirty green.
Vidarabine phosphate is an adenosine monophosphate nucleotide in which ribose is replaces by an arabinso moiety.
Although some self-tanners contain sunscreen, its effect will not last as long as the tan.
8-Oxo-2'-deoxyguanosine is an oxidized derivative of deoxyguanosine.
It is a member of the unsaturated polycyclic hydrocarbons class of compounds and a tetramer of benzyne.
In differentiating haematological disorders Sudan black will stain myeloblasts but not lymphoblasts.
It is a Lewis acid and has been used in organic synthesis.
The parent compound, erythromycin, has these characteristics, but mitemcinal lacks the antibiotic properties of erythromycin.
Findings have also suggested that dATP can act as an energy-transferring molecule to maintain cell viability.
It is noticeable by its garlic-like smell, similar to the effect of DMSO.
Single crystals are paraelectric at room temperature.
The crystal is transparent and emits light when it is hit by gamma rays and x-rays, making it useful as a detector of ionizing radiation.
It is an optical isomer of dextropropoxyphene.
This property has allowed silver halides to become the basis of modern photographic materials.
Employee exposure is often monitored by measurement of urinary MOCA in free and/or conjugated form.
Perrhenic acid, Re2O7·2H2O, is closely related to Re2O7.
Manganese(III) fluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula MnF3.
Depending on the physical and chemical structure of the polymer, it is capable of absorbing from 10 to 600% water relative to the dry weight.
It can be produced by reacting sodium hydroxide with benzoic acid.
Tetraphenylcyclopentadienone is an organic compound with the formula4C4CO.
It has been found to act as an agonist of adiponectin receptor 1.
Pimagedine, also known as aminoguanidine, is an investigational drug for the treatment of diabetic nephropathy that is no longer under development as a drug.
A modern synthesis involves the 2-step dehydration of cyclobutanol.
They are hydrophobic and soluble in alcohols.
Hafnium(IV) oxide is the inorganic compound with the formula HfO2.
In contrast with sodium sulfide, Na2S, which is insoluble in organic solvents, NaHS, being a 1:1 electrolyte, is more soluble.
The exposed regions of the photoresist film become soluble in aqueous base; thus allowing the formation of a relief image during development.
CGP 52608 has also been reported to possess antiarthritic activity.
The archaeols are Archaea homologs of diacylglycerols.
It also has several uses on domestic animals for controlling fleas.
Fructose, or fruit sugar, is a simple ketonic monosaccharide found in many plants, where it is often bonded to glucose to form the disaccharide sucrose.
The acid exists in equilibrium with the lactone.
This colorless liquid is a precursor to pyridine derivatives that have applications in the pharmaceutical and agricultural industries.
These short-chain fatty acids benefit the colonocytes by increasing energy production and cell proliferation, and may protect against colon cancer.
Glutathione is an important antioxidant in plants, animals, fungi, and some bacteria and archaea.
Next came sarin, soman and finally the most toxic, cyclosarin, a product of commercial insecticide laboratories prior to World War II.
Zinc stearate is a "zinc soap" that is widely used industrially.
It is a colourless volatile liquid that is explosive.
Brucine poisoning is rare, since it is usually ingested with strychnine, and strychnine is more toxic than brucine.
Gallium telluride can be made by reacting the elements or by metal organic vapour deposition.
Ga2Cl4 is known whereas the corresponding Al2Cl4 is not.
However, LY294002 is a reversible inhibitor of PI3K whereas wortmannin acts irreversibly.
Some related derivatives have been discussed for hydrogen storage.
The parent compound is aziridine, with molecular formula C
It also produces pearlescent effects in cosmetics, like bath gel.
p-Chlorocresol is a chlorinated phenol which is used as an antiseptic and preservative.
Energy transfer used by all living things is a result of dephosphorylation of ATP by enzymes known as ATPases.
Today, mercury fulminate has been replaced in primers by more efficient chemical substances.
It is available as piping products, sheet, tubing, films, plate and an insulator for premium wire.
β-2-Thienylalanine is an amino acid containing a thiophene side chain.
As an intercellular signal molecule, indole regulates various aspects of bacterial physiology, including spore formation, plasmid stability, resistance to drugs, biofilm formation, and virulence.
Alizarin continues to be used commercially as a red textile dye, but to a lesser extent than 100 years ago.
It is a diol that has hydroxyl groups on vicinal carbon atoms.
Titanium hydride normally refers to the inorganic compound TiH2 and related nonstoichiometric materials.
4-Anisaldehyde is an organic compound that is commonly encountered in fragrances, both synthetic and natural.
One of its trade names is Topanol A.
In microelectronics, lithium aluminate is considered as a lattice matching substrate for gallium nitride.
PTFE is used as a non-stick coating for pans and other cookware.
The most compact and branched isomer would be tetra-tert-butylmethane, but its existence is believed to be impossible due to steric hindrance.
      
It is important in oliguric patients as it lowers serum creatinine and increases urine output.
It is the disodium salt of 2,4,5,7-tetraiodofluorescein.
It is an ester of phosphoric acid with n-butanol.
Like all tachykinin peptides, Eledoisin shares the same consensus C-terminal sequence, that is, Phe-Xxx-Gly-Leu-Met-NH.
This cyclic ketone is a colorless volatile liquid.
Commercially available, the industrial synthesis is from hydrogen cyanide and ethanol.
It is a product of the caramelization of glucose.
Just what protopanaxadiol's metabolites do inside the human body is still unclear.
Mercury, like the other group 12 elements, has an s2d10 electron configuration and generally only forms bonds involving its 6s orbital.
Similar to lithium aluminium hydride, it is a salt consisting of separated sodium cations and tetrahedral AlH−
The nitro group at position 5 on the imidazole ring is the most common positional isomer.
Both are insoluble in water, but miscible with ether.
1,2-Dichloro-4-nitrobenzene is an organic compound with the formula 1,2-Cl2C6H3-4-NO2.
Like gymnemic acid, it is a sweet inhibitor or taste modifier.
Blends of octyl cyanoacrylate and n-butyl cyanoacrylate are available which offer both flexibility and a strong bond.
It is a common breakdown product of several organochlorine insecticides.
DEPC-treated water is used in handling of RNA in the laboratory to reduce the risk of RNA being degraded by RNases.
It is a waxy solid used as a food additive with the E number E320.
Cinoxate is an organic compound used as an ingredient in some types of sunscreens.
Synthesized in plants and some micro-organisms, it is the pigment that gives paprika, corn, saffron, wolfberries, and many other plants and microbes their characteristic color.
Cobatoxin is a toxin present in the venom of the scorpion Centruroides noxius.
Prostaglandin D2 synthase to create prostaglandin D2
Spinosad is relatively nonpolar and not easily dissolved in water.
This is true for both mammals and insects.
Tetrabutylammonium tribromide is a pale orange solid with the formula [N(C4H9)4]Br3.
      
The salicylic acid portion of the molecule absorbs ultraviolet rays with a wavelength from 295 nm to 315 nm, protecting the skin from sun damage.
Saccharopine is an intermediate in the metabolism of amino acid lysine.
2,6-Dichlorophenol is a compound with formula C6H3Cl2OH.
Acetanisole is an aromatic chemical compound with an aroma described as sweet, fruity, nutty, and similar to vanilla.
              
Asymmetric dimethylarginine is a naturally occurring chemical found in blood plasma.
Triphenyltin hydroxide is used as a fungicide for potatoes, sugar beets, and pecans.
Potassium hydride, KH, is the inorganic compound of potassium and hydride.
The region surrounding the hypusine residue is highly conserved and is essential to the function of eIF5A.
Phenylthiocarbamide, also known as phenylthiourea, is an organosulfur thiourea containing a phenyl ring.
Large quantities of these herbicides were sprayed by U.S. forces in areas where they considered its long-term persistence desirable, such as inland forests.
Its color is yellow, and it primarily absorbs blue light.
It is made from odd carbon fatty acids in the liver and rapidly enters the brain.
This colorless, flammable liquid is a common solvent and a widely used intermediate in the manufacture of other chemicals.
Rubidium bromide is the bromide of rubidium.
It has one double bond, and is the second-simplest member of the azene class of hydronitrogen compounds, and is not found in nature.
It is used in organic synthesis as a source of the fluoride anion.
In the classical procedure for extracting uranium, pitchblende is broken up and mixed with sulfuric and nitric acids.
It is marketed under the trade names Alanex, Bronco, Cannon, Crop Star, Intrro, Lariat, Lasso, Micro-Tech and Partner.
A glycolate or glycollate is a salt or ester of glycolic acid.
Aesculin, the glucoside of aesculetin, will fluoresce under long wave ultraviolet light.
Along with Halons 1211, 2402, and 1301, it is the most effective fire extinguishers, however, also the most toxic one.
Deuterated DMF is a relatively uncommon solvent used in NMR spectroscopy.
It is structurally similar to nitroglycerin, except that it has one fewer -O-NO2 group.
Magnesium citrate, also called trimagnesium dicitrate, trimagnesium citrate, or the ambiguous name magnesium citrate), is a salt of magnesium and citric acid.
Mechlorethamine belongs to the group of nitrogen mustard alkylating agents.
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of Madam-6.
1,4-Dioxin is a heterocyclic, organic, non-aromatic compound with the chemical formula C4H4O2.
Chlornaltrexamine is an irreversible mixed agonist–antagonist for μ-opioid receptors, which forms a covalent bond to the active site.
Its critical point is at 367.85 °C and 6.3 MPa and refractive index is 1.6382.
It has a clear to light yellow sludgy appearance.
In biliary obstruction, below-normal amounts of conjugated bilirubin reach the intestine for conversion to urobilinogen.
Despite the fact that it was discovered only five years after saccharin, it never enjoyed the latter compound’s market success.
Cetane ignites very easily under compression; for this reason, it is assigned a cetane number of 100, and serves as a reference for other fuel mixtures.
Ammonium cyanide is an unstable inorganic compound with the formula NH4CN.
CTP, much like ATP, consists of a ribose sugar, and three phosphate groups.
In addition to being surfactants, aggregates of syringomycins can insert into plant cell membranes and form small pores.
It is a gray metallic-looking material with tetragonal crystal structure; its beta-modification is hexagonal and unstable.
Spilanthol permeates the human skin  and the inside lining of the cheeks in the mouth, resulting in local as well as systemic pharmacological concentrations.
Uranyl acetate2·2H2O) is the acetate salt of uranyl and is a yellow-green crystalline solid made up of yellow-green rhombic crystals and has a slight acetic odor.
Cupferron, the ammonium salt of N-nitroso-N-phenylhydroxylamine, is a common reagent for the complexation of metal ions.
Beryllium chloride is an inorganic compound with the formula BeCl2.
The heptadecahydrate, whose formula can be written as [Al(H2O)6]2(SO4)3•5H2O, occurs naturally as the mineral alunogen.
Potassium cobaltinitrite, IUPAC name potassium hexanitritocobaltate(III), is a coordination compound with the formula K3[Co(NO2)6].
Potassium manganate is the inorganic compound with the formula K2MnO4.
It is an extremely hard refractory ceramic material.
Mn3O4 is found in nature as the mineral hausmannite.
It was first isolated by R. Schwarz and M. Schmeißer in 1937 and is hypothesized to be important in the atmospheric reaction of bromine with ozone.
To compare, its structural isomer, 1-chloropropane, is instead an example of a primary haloalkane, as the chlorine-bound carbon atom has only one C-C bond.
The compound irreversibly inhibits glutamine synthetase, an enzyme necessary for the production of glutamine and for ammonia detoxification, giving it antibacterial, antifungal and herbicidal properties.
Polymethylhydrosiloxane is a polymer with the general structure -(CH3(H)Si-O)-.
It is structurally related to coumarin by the addition of a fused furan ring, and may be considered as a derivative of umbelliferone.
The oral ingestion of ethyl oleate has been carefully studied and due to rapid degradation in the digestive tract it appears safe for oral ingestion.
It may also be referred to by the brand name Dacron; in Britain, Terylene; or, in Russia and the former Soviet Union, Lavsan.
Li2 potentials are often used to extract atomic properties.
Their maximum operating temperature has to be lowered in atmospheres with low oxygen content due to breakdown of the passivation layer.
It can be detected in the urine of PCP users by mass spectrometry as means of drug screening.
In the eukaryotes, this pathway is unique to the higher fungi and the euglenids.
This diamagnetic solid adopts a polymeric structure akin to that for zinc sulfide.
Pivalamide, a simple amide substituted with a tert-butyl group having the chemical formula: tBu-CO-NH2.
Despite its structural similarity to mescaline, isomescaline has produced no effects in humans.
Typically, n lies between 10 and 16, although generally supplied as a tighter cut, such as C12-C15, C12-C13 and C10-C13, for detergent use.
It is a hydrophilic white powder in pure form and dissolves in cold water, forming a clear viscous solution or gel.
Tricetin is a flavone, a type of flavonoid.
Oxonium ions normally are strong alkylating agents and are only observed in solution as reactive intermediates or under extreme conditions.
Sm + ICH2CH2I → SmI2 + C2H4
It is regarded as a toxin and it is genotoxic and mutagenic.
      
Owing to its unusual structure, it exhibits exceptional basicity.
Calcium lactobionate is a food additive used as a stabilizer.
Because of its prominent position in cellular chemistry, glucose 6-phosphate has many possible fates within the cell.
1,1-Dichloro-1-fluoroethane is a haloalkane with the formula C
It is also used as an insecticide.
This yellow distillable liquid hydrolyzes readily in air.
Tebbe's reagent contains two tetrahedral metal centers linked by a pair of bridging ligands.
B6O of the α-rhombohedral boron type has been investigated because of its ceramic nature as a new structural material.
It is not soluble in water, but it is soluble in acetone and many other organic solvents.
BPDA or biphenyl-tetracarboxylic acid dianhydride is a monomer used in the production of some polyimides.
It is a colorless, extremely poisonous and flammable liquid that boils slightly above room temperature, at 25.6 °C.
It is one of several isomers of amyl alcohol.
It may be given by mouth or injection.
1,1-Dichloroethene, commonly called 1,1-dichloroethylene or vinylidene chloride or 1,1-DCE, is an organochloride with the molecular formula C2H2Cl2.
Apart from industrial use, phloxine B has functions as an antimicrobial substance, viability dye and biological stain.
The alkaloids nigellicine, nigeglanine, and nigellidine are indazoles.
This apoptotic effect is independent of COX-1 or COX-2 inhibition, p53, Bcl-2, or cell cycle arrest.
Dimethyl sulfite is used as an additive in some polymers to prevent oxidation.
It was first obtained by Theodor Curtius in 1890, along with other azides.
Pulvinone, an organic compound belonging to the esters, lactones, alcohols and butenolides classes, is a yellow crystalline solid.
Sulfurous acid is an intermediate species in the formation of acid rain from sulfur dioxide.
Osladine is a naturally occurring, high-intensity sweetener isolated from the rhizome of Polypodium vulgare.
Diphenyl oxalate is a solid ester whose oxidation products are responsible for the chemiluminescence in a glowstick.
It is a potassium salt of guanylic acid.
Potassium pyrosulfate, or potassium disulfate, is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula K2S2O7.
The compound is the lowest mass member of the hydrofluorocarbon family, compounds which contain only hydrogen, fluorine, and carbon.
The tetrahydrate occurs in nature as the mineral Earlandite.
Safranin is also used as redox indicator in analytical chemistry.
The ring structure of isothiazole is incorporated into larger compounds with biological activity such as the pharmaceutical drugs ziprasidone and perospirone.
It is most widely known as a component of collagen.
It is also a refractory compound, which means that it retains its strength at high temperatures as well.
It exists as a colorless, viscous liquid.
Ground-state fluoromethylidyne radicals can be produced by the ultraviolet photodissociation of dibromodifluoromethane at 248 nanometer wavelength.
The aglycon is prepared by enzymatic hydrolysis, since upon acid treatment steviol will undergo Wagner-Meerwein rearrangement to the very stable isosteviol.
3, where R is an organic substituent.
              
Related salts are also called sodium arsenate, including Na2HAsO4 and NaH2AsO4.
Aluminium(I) oxide is a compound of aluminium and oxygen with the chemical formula Al2O.
It is also a name sometimes given to solutions of carbon dioxide in water, because such solutions contain small amounts of H2CO3.
Two other acids are named after goats: caprylic and capric.
Fluorine perchlorate is the rarely encountered chemical compound of fluorine, chlorine, and oxygen with the chemical formula FClO
Zingiberene is a monocyclic sesquiterpene that is the predominant constituent of the oil of ginger, from which it gets its name.
Coumarin is used in certain perfumes and fabric conditioners.
If the combustible material is finely divided, the resulting mixture may be explosive.
o-Anisidine is a very toxic agent that causes blood, enzyme and nerve damage with cyanosis and the danger of suffocation.
In contrast, thiophene engages in neither reaction.
Manganese(VII) oxide is an inorganic compound with the formula Mn2O7.
It is used in the production of agricultural chemicals and pharmaceuticals.
A synthesis of tetraether has also been carried out.
It is used as a diesel cetane improver.
Alongside dihydroergocristine and dihydroergocryptine, it is one of the three components of ergoloid.
It is classified as a nerve agent because it fatally interferes with normal functioning of the mammalian nervous system.
Many of the advances in cluster chemistry have arisen from studies on derivatives of Os3(CO)12 and its lighter analogue Ru3(CO)12.
TFM does not accumulate, since it breaks down within several days.
It is the sodium salt of fumaric acid, used as an acidity regulator in processed foods.
It is also used as a precursor in the production of the chemically and thermally resistant polymer poly(p-phenylene sulfide).
CdO + 2 CH3COOH → Cd(CH3COO)2 + H2O
It is the neurotoxin responsible for the motor neuron degeneration syndrome lathyrism.
Lead(II) acetate is also used as a mordant in textile printing and dyeing, as a drier in paints and varnishes, and in preparing other lead compounds.
It is also the N-butyl derivative of MDA.
Bacillithiol is a thiol compound found in Bacillus species.
Sodium salicylate is a sodium salt of salicylic acid.
1,2-Dihydro-1,2-azaborine is an aromatic chemical compound with properties intermediate between benzene and borazine.
Pyranine is a hydrophilic, pH-sensitive fluorescent dye from the group of chemicals known as arylsulfonates.
in which Piloty's acid is derivatized and produces HNO upon thermal decomposition.
Phalloidin belongs to a class of toxins called phallotoxins, which are found in the death cap mushroom.
However, 2,2,4-trimethylpentane is by far the most important isomer of octane and so, historically, it has ended up with this name.
Cyclopamine is a naturally occurring chemical that belongs to the group of steroidal jerveratrum alkaloids.
This very hygroscopic blue solid is one of the most common sources of vanadium in the laboratory, reflecting its high stability.
It is used as an intermediate in the production of purified germanium metal.
It is the only stable trioxide of the Group 7 elements.
The conversion from tyrosine to 4-HPPA is in turn catalyzed by tyrosine aminotransferase.
It can also be prepared photochemically, by irradiating cupric hypophosphite with ultraviolet radiation.
Administration of JZL184 to mice was reported to cause dramatic elevation of brain 2-AG leading to several cannabinoid-related behavioral effects.
It has a characteristic pungent, warm odor of oregano.
"β-Pseudouridine, a beer component, reduces radiation-induced chromosome aberrations in human lymphocytes".
In solution, creatine is in equilibrium with creatinine.
Longifolene is the common chemical name of a naturally occurring, oily liquid hydrocarbon found primarily in the high-boiling fraction of certain pine resins.
Glutaconyl-CoA is an intermediate in the metabolism of lysine.
Calcium hypochlorite is an inorganic compound with formula Ca(ClO)2.
It is used as a starting material for synthesis of other rhenium complexes.
Sodium dithionite is a white crystalline powder with a weak sulfurous odor.
Other stabilizers of a similar nature are 4-nitrodiphenylamine, N-nitrosodiphenylamine.
Madam-6, or 2,N-dimethyl-4,5-methylenedioxyamphetamine, is a lesser-known hallucinogenic psychedelic drug.
The active metabolite is being evaluated in clinical trials for patients with colorectal cancer in combination with 5-FU.
It is an easily made building block for many organic and organometallic compounds.
This white solid is a commodity chemical, used principally as a precursor to the polyester PET, used to make clothing and plastic bottles.
It is a polycyclic hydrocarbon, and can be viewed also as being derived from [3.3.1]propellane by addition of a methylene bridge between the two larger rings.
Zinc antimonide,, is an inorganic chemical compound.
It is the hydrogen sulfate salt of the protonated derivative of N-methylaminophenol.
Butyrate possesses both preventive and therapeutic potential to counteract inflammation-mediated ulcerative colitis and colorectal cancer.
It consists of the sodium salt of the [Fe4S3(NO)7]− anion and is classified as metal nitrosyl compound.
It affects decomposition of plants and helps plants grow if used in small amounts, but eventually plants develop tolerance to it.
It is almost completely cleared in the urine.
Amiton was the trade name for the substance when it was marketed as an insecticide by ICI in the mid-1950s.
Many analogous complexes are known with different phosphine ligands.
Plumbagin is a yellow dye, formally derived from naphthoquinone.
The molecule contains both sulfonyl and isocyanide groups.
Pyrazoline is a heterocyclic chemical compound with the molecular formula C3H6N2.
The term oxetane may also refer more generally to any organic compound containing an oxetane ring.
Cadmium nitrate describes any of the related members of a family of inorganic compound with the general formula Cd(NO3)2.xH2O.
Phosphoribosylaminoimidazolesuccinocarboxamide is an intermediate in the formation of purines.
Uranyl fluoride also is hygroscopic and changes in color from brilliant orange to yellow after reacting with water.
However, many esters of this carboxylic acid are stable and these chloroformates are important reagents in organic chemistry.
It crystallizes in a cubic rocksalt lattice like sodium chloride, with octahedral cation and anion centers.
VM is a "V-series" nerve agent closely related to the better-known VX nerve agent.
It is also used as a dopant for organic semiconductors in OLEDs.
Potassium bromate, is a bromate of potassium and takes the form of white crystals or powder.
Ergosterol is a sterol found in cell membranes of fungi and protozoa, serving many of the same functions that cholesterol serves in animal cells.
Idoxuridine and Trifluridine are variants of deoxyuridine used as antiviral drugs.
It is a white crystalline solid that is soluble in water and polar organic solvents.
It is the mono-ester formed from glycerol and lauric acid.
Beryllium nitride, Be3N2, is a nitride of beryllium.
Formebolone counteracts the catabolic effects of potent glucocorticoids like dexamethasone phosphate.
Catecholborane is an organoboron compound that is useful in organic synthesis.
Zymosan A also raises cyclin D2 levels suggesting a role for the latter in macrophage activation besides proliferation.
This highly reactive, hygroscopic brown solid is used to synthesize organofluorine compounds.
It is composed of a biotin group, a linker group, and a photoactivatable aryl azide group.
This pale yellow solid is a building block in the synthesis of heterocyclic compounds and a reagent in the analysis of amino acids.
Before this work, researchers believed that cubic carbon-based molecules would be too unstable to exist.
"An Unusual Synthesis of Tröger’s Bases Using DMSO/HCl as Formaldehyde Equivalent".
The olives, leaves and olive pulp contain large amounts of hydroxytyrosol, most of which can be recovered to produce hydroxytyrosol extracts.
Sulfuryl chloride is a source of chlorine whereas thionyl chloride is a source of chloride ions.
The nitrite ion, which has the chemical formula NO−
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of phenescaline.
Yttrium nitride is hard ceramic material similar to titanium nitride and zirconium nitride.
Sphingolipids at large form a class of lipids characterized by a particular aliphatic aminoalcohol, which is sphingosine.
Mitsui Chemicals Agro Inc. is the main manufacturer of the Chemical.
It is usually produced by hydroformylation of heptene and the dehydrogenation of 1-octanol.
As of 2005, attempts at synthesis or semi-synthesis by fermentation have proven unsuccessful.
Glucal and its derivatives can be converted to other chemically useful sugars using the Ferrier rearrangement.
This volatile compound has an ether-like odour.
At room temperature, it is a bright yellow odorless crystalline solid, that becomes orange and red when heated.
Like varenicline, cytisine is a partial agonist of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
He later named the crystallized precipitate after the Greek word for meat, κρέας.
When exposed to air, it becomes yellow in color, due to the oxidation of iodide to iodine.
Bactoprenol remains in the membrane at all times.
It contains an α-amino group, an α-carboxylic acid group, and a side chain pyrrolidine, classifying it as a nonpolar, aliphatic amino acid.
In this application, it undergoes a ring opening and is fluorinated to form perfluorobutanesulfonyl fluoride.
2,6-Xylidine is an aniline derivative with the chemical formula2C6H3NH2.
However, this allene is difficult to prepare and has no industrial significance.
It is a useful building block in organic chemistry.
This pungent liquid is a building block for the synthesis of other heterocyclic compounds.
As a food additive, it has E number E214.
It is a conformationally-restricted analogue of the neurotransmitter glutamate, and due to its structural similarity to this neurotransmitter, acts as a non-selective glutamate receptor agonist.
Methoxyethane is a colorless gaseous ether with a medicine-like odor.
AICAR has been used clinically to treat and protect against cardiac ischemic injury.
16185 is a dark red to purple azo dye used as a food dye and to color cosmetics.
Oenanthotoxin is a C17 polyacetylene isomer of cicutoxin.
Fluoroform is the chemical compound with the formula CHF3.
These compounds are mainly used for de-icing and dust control.
The most common,-gallocatechin, CAS number 970-73-0, is found notably in green tea.
Shogaol, more accurately-shogaol, is a pungent constituent of ginger similar in chemical structure to gingerol.
The ether analogue of amoscanate, nitroscanate, is used in veterinary medicine as an anthelmintic.
Bendiocarb is not considered to be carcinogenic, but it is acutely toxic.
Guaiazulene, also azulon or 1,4-dimethyl-7-isopropylazulene, is a dark blue crystalline hydrocarbon.
Like benzylamine, it is highly basic and forms stable ammonium salts and imines.
2,3-Dihydroxy-3-methylpentanoic acid is an intermediate in the metabolism of isoleucine.
It is the pigment responsible for a greenish color sometimes seen in bruises.
Four genes required for curdlan production have been identified in Agrobacterium sp.
It is used as a nucleic acid-selective fluorescent cationic dye useful for cell cycle determination.
Cypermethrin is a synthetic pyrethroid used as an insecticide in large-scale commercial agricultural applications as well as in consumer products for domestic purposes.
It functions as a plant growth regulator against the plant hormone auxin.
In the United States it costs 100 to 200 USD per month.
Ricinelaidic acid or-(R)-ricinelaidic acid is an unsaturated omega-9 trans fatty acid.
Dansyl chloride is unstable in dimethyl sulfoxide, which should never be used to prepare solutions of the reagent.
It also exists as a dimer , Ga2I6.
It is a colorless liquid with a somewhat unpleasant odor.
Oxidopamine is often used in conjunction with a selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor to selectively destroy dopaminergic neurons.
Cyanogen chloride is a chemical compound with the formula NCCl.
The ion is generated in situ for this purpose by mixing concentrated sulfuric acid and concentrated nitric acid according to the equilibrium:
Ethylhexyl triazone is an organic compound used in sunscreens to absorb UVB radiation.
However, 2-methylhexane is more commonly considered as a solvent itself.
3-aminopyridine-2-carboxaldehyde thiosemicarbazone is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of cancer.
Rubidium hydride will react violently with water or air and careful storage is necessary.
This diamine is a building block for chiral ligands that are useful in asymmetric catalysis.
This chemical compound is an organochloride and a derivative of benzoic acid.
In addition to animals, serotonin is found in fungi and plants.
Lithium cobalt oxide is a chemical compound commonly used in the positive electrodes of lithium-ion batteries.
The decreased clearance is possibly from lower 5'-deiodinase activity in the peripheral tissue or decreased liver uptake of rT3.
However, the toxicity is believed to be induced by ingestion of acetone cyanohydrin, the breakdown product of linamarin.
Oxidopamine toxicity in neonatal rodents is also used as an animal model for the Lesch-Nyhan syndrome.
It is thought that North Korea may have military stockpiles of this chemical .
Phenanthrene appears as a white powder having blue fluorescence.
PuF4 + 2 Ba → 2 BaF2 + Pu
The extinction coefficient of dansyl derivatives are important for measuring their concentration in solution.
The compound inhibits gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase, the enzyme required in the first step of glutathione synthesis.
According to scientists, more than 20% of the carbon in the universe may be associated with PAHs, possible starting materials for the formation of life.
It has a sweet odor detectable by most people at a concentration of 1 part per million.
It is a colorless, volatile, and explosive liquid at room temperature and pressure.
Oxamide is the organic compound with the formula2.
Metalaxyl is an acylalanine fungicide with systemic function.
In terms of their reactivity, both isomers exhibit characteristics of alkenes and thioethers, undergoing addition reactions at carbon and oxidation at sulfur.
Tropone has been known since 1951 and is also called cycloheptatrienylium oxide.
6 to form a crystalline solid with a melting point around 56–58 °C.
The tungsten analogue, WO2, is prepared similarly.
It is almost non-hygroscopic and has good shelf-life.
It is produced by the enzyme 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 4-phosphate cytidylyltransferase and is a substrate for CDP-ME kinase.
Sodium Potassium tartrate is also important in Food Industry.
Congo red is water-soluble, yielding a red colloidal solution; its solubility is greater in organic solvents.
For this reason it is sometimes used in the laboratory for mutagenesis.
It was first sold under the brand name NutraSweet.
The Center for Disease Control has compiled a list of symptoms for both acutely and chronically exposed persons Symptoms and Treatment
The methacrylate groups on the two end-caps allow further chemistry to occur such as cross-linking to other polymers or materials.
Sodium bicarbonate is a white solid that is crystalline but often appears as a fine powder.
Sesamol is a natural organic compound which is a component of sesame seeds and sesame oil.
They are also found in semen and some microalgae, together with related molecules like spermine and spermidine.
The hexachloride is octahedral with equivalent W–Cl distances of 2.24–2.26 Å.
A mixture of lithium fluoride, beryllium fluoride, zirconium fluoride, and uranium-233 tetrafluoride was used in the Molten-Salt Reactor Experiment.
Formally this species is derived by oxidative dehydrogenation of 2,2'-diaminobiphenyl.
It has not yet been approved for use in foods.
Palladium(II) chloride is insoluble in water, whereas the product dissolves:
Conditions/substances to avoid are: heat, moisture, acids, flame and thin foils.
It can be synthesized from the Mannich-type reaction of ammonia, formaldehyde, and phosphorous acid.
N-Nitroso-N-methylurea is a highly reliable carcinogen, mutagen, and teratogen.
HEPES is like water in that its dissociation decreases as the temperature decreases.
The ligand is a bright yellow micaceous solid that is soluble in polar organic solvents.
It has a wide variety of industrial and household uses, and is a common ingredient in chemicals such as antiseptics, disinfectants and detergents.
It is produced industrially on a modest scale as a carbon-neutral feedstock for the production of fuels and other chemicals.
Both are white solids that contain salts of the phosphite anion H2PO3−, the conjugate base of phosphorous acid.
The net result is that there is only one unopposed spin.
Ethyl maltol is an organic compound that is a common flavourant in some confectioneries.
The methoxy group promotes highly regioselective additions.
Indium(III) selenide is a compound of indium and selenium.
Solenopsin is an alkaloid which inhibits angiogenesis via the phosphoinositol-3 kinase signaling pathway, in addition to contributing to the toxic effect of fire ant venom.
In the environment endrin exists as either endrin aldehyde or endrin ketone and can be found mainly in bottom sediments of bodies of water.
Hexamethyldisilane is the organosilicon compound with the formula Si2(CH3)6, abbreviated Si2Me6.
Carvone is found naturally in many essential oils, but is most abundant in the oils from seeds of caraway, spearmint, and dill.
The advantages are a lower microbiological profile, and a more complete reaction, yielding a product with a longer shelf life.
Lithium diisopropylamide is a chemical compound with the molecular formula [(CH3)2CH]2NLi.
Linolein is also an ingredient in some cosmetic products.
Other uses of chitosan that have been researched include use as a soluble dietary fiber.
It has a bicyclic structure, consisting of a six-membered benzene ring fused to a five-membered nitrogen-containing pyrrole ring.
Nepicastat is an inhibitor of dopamine beta-hydroxylase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of dopamine to norepinephrine.
Sulfanilic acid is an off-white crystalline solid which finds application in quantitative analysis of nitrate and nitrite ions.
The ε-amino group often participates in hydrogen bonding and as a general base in catalysis.
It is used as a reagent and a catalyst.
It is also used to introduce the trimethylsilyl protecting group in organic synthesis.
Ellagic acid is a natural phenol antioxidant found in numerous fruits and vegetables.
3 form under physiological conditions, while its α-carboxylic acid group is deprotonated −COO− under physiological conditions.
It is a colorless, odorless, toxic white powder with a bitter metallic taste.
Kinetin was originally isolated by Miller and Skoog et al.
It can be obtained by the reaction of titanium(III) oxide with hydrofluoric acid.
It has the appearance of a red powder and magenta when printed.
The compound with a phenanthrene skeleton and nitrogens at the 4 and 5 positions is known as phenanthroline.
Pirkle's alcohol is an off-white, crystalline solid that is stable at room temperature when protected from light and oxygen.
This colorless oily aromatic liquid is an important precursor to numerous compounds in organic chemistry.
It is a commonly used matrix in MALDI mass spectrometry.
Samples darken upon exposure to air and light.
It is mainly used to make vinylpyridine and the agrichemical nitrapyrin.
On the other hand, no other dyestuff had such a chequered history as AB."
This heme product is only available outside the United States and is equivalent to hematin.
It can be isolated from buckthorn berries.
Vanadium(III) sulfate is stable in dry air but upon exposure to moist air for several weeks forms a green hydrate form.
Polypropylene carbonate, a copolymer of carbon dioxide and propylene oxide, is a thermoplastic material.
There are three isomeric forms designated trans,trans-muconic acid, cis,trans-muconic acid, and cis,cis-muconic acid which differ by the geometry around the double bonds.
It is formed by transketolase and acted upon by transaldolase.
          
Coumarin has clinical medical value by itself, as an edema modifier.
Platinum(IV) bromide is the chemical compound composed of platinum and bromine with the formula PtBr4.
It is normally metabolized and detoxified from the body by the liver.
Because cycloheximide is degraded by alkaline conditions, decontamination of work surfaces and containers can be achieved by washing with a non-harmful alkali solution such as soap.
Dihydromorin is a flavanonol, a type of flavonoid.
This white solid is commonly used as a bleach activator in laundry detergents and for paper pulp.
It is obtained from several plants, mainly Psoralea corylifolia.
In April 2017, forodesine was approved in Japan for the treatment of relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma.
This alkaline salt is not to be confused with boric acid or the laundry detergent additive used for stains.
Kainic acid is a natural marine acid present in some seaweed.
2,4-Dinitrophenol is an organic compound with the formula HOC6H3(NO2)2.
This tendency reflects the greater stability of C−S single bonds.
Mannitol hexanitrate is a secondary explosive formed by the nitration of mannitol, a sugar alcohol.
Thiocyanogen,2, is a pseudohalogen derived from the pseudohalide thiocyanate, [SCN]−.
Porphobilinogen, a trisubstituted pyrrole, is the biosynthetic precursor to many natural products such as heme.
It is made during photosynthesis from water and carbon dioxide, using energy from sunlight.
It can also be classified as a haloalkane or halomethane.
Thallium oxide is a component of several high temperature superconductors.
Gomberg's classical organic synthesis in scheme 1 starts by reacting triphenylmethylbromide 1 with phenylhydrazine 2 to the hydrazine 3.
Phenacyl bromide is the organic compound with the formula C6H5C(O)CH2Br.
Bromoacetone is an organic compound with the formula CH3COCH2Br.
1,2-Benzenedithiol is the organosulfur compound with the formula C6H4(SH)2.
It is one of the methyl derivative of a heterocyclic compound quinoline.
A common method for preparing isobutyl acetate is Fischer esterification, where precursors isobutyl alcohol and acetic acid are heated in the presence of a strong acid.
In North America, magnesium chloride is produced primarily from Great Salt Lake brine.
DGLA is an extremely uncommon fatty acid, found only in trace amounts in animal products.
They are considered to be heavier analogues of carbene.
Conessine is a steroid alkaloid found in a number of plant species from the Apocynaceae family, including Holarrhena floribunda, Holarrhena antidysenterica and Funtumia elastica.
It acts as a vasodilator, and is used as an inhalant recreational drug, poppers.
It is a colourless liquid with a chloroform-like odour.
It is used as a clinical laboratory tool to distinguish between the cholinesterases; acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase preferentially lyse acetylcholine and butyrylcholine, respectively.
α-Ketoglutaric acid is one of two ketone derivatives of glutaric acid.
EPA is a polyunsaturated fatty acid that acts as a precursor for prostaglandin-3, thromboxane-3, and leukotriene-5 eicosanoids.
Anhydrous copper sulfate is a white powder.
In organic chemistry, acetyl is a moiety, the acyl with chemical formula CH3CO.
            
It is named after the American chemists Daniel Benjamin Dess and James Cullen Martin who developed the reagent in 1983.
An unusual metastable form, with a distorted wurtzite structure has been reported as being produced using MOCVD.
Yellowcake concentrates are prepared by various extraction and refining methods, depending on the types of ores.
The dequalinium dication is symmetrical, containing two quaternary quinolinium units linked by an N-decylene chain.
At physiological concentrations pristanic acid is a natural ligand for PPARα.
It is one of the five standard nucleosides which make up nucleic acids, the others being adenosine, thymidine, cytidine and guanosine.
Solutions of sodium bisulfate are acidic, with a 1M solution having a pH of around 1.
No information is available on the reproductive, developmental, or carcinogenic effects of o-anisidine in humans.
Silicon nitride is a chemical compound of the elements silicon and nitrogen, with the formula Si
The name itaconic was devised as an anagram of aconitic.
In biological research, specifically genetic engineering, it is used to select transformed cells which have been engineered to carry a resistance gene for blasticidin.
Cadalene or cadalin is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon with a chemical formula C15H18 and a cadinane skeleton.
NOBIN is an organic molecule used for asymmetric catalysis.
It is a component of the smell produced from cooking of certain vegetables, notably maize, cabbage, beetroot and seafoods.
Potassium bis(trimethylsilyl)amide HexaMethylDiSilazide) is the chemical compound with the formula3Si)2NK.
It is a clear colorless liquid with a sharp, irritating odor.
Related bidentate phosphine-containing ligands derived from other chiral diamines have also been developed for applications in asymmetric synthesis.
It was first synthesized in 4 steps from strychnine by Walter Gumlich and Koozoo Kaziro working in the laboratory of Heinrich Wieland.
The hydrazone derivatives can also be used as evidence toward the identity of the original compound.
It can be produced by the reaction of dichlorine monoxide and dinitrogen pentoxide at 0 °C:
As humans cannot make folic acid, it is required from the diet, making it an essential vitamin.
Hentriacontane, also called untriacontane, is a solid, long-chain alkane hydrocarbon with the structural formula CH3(CH2)29CH3.
Rhodizonic acid is a chemical compound with formula C6H2O6 or4(COH)2.
This includes in warfarin overdose, vitamin K deficiency, and obstructive jaundice.
In organic chemistry, a phosphate, or organophosphate, is an ester of phosphoric acid.
Cerium(III) chloride, also known as cerous chloride or cerium trichloride, is a compound of cerium and chlorine.
S-Adenosyl methionine is a common cosubstrate involved in methyl group transfers, transsulfuration, and aminopropylation.
It is an oily liquid at room temperature, with a nauseating odor.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has classified it as a Group C possible human carcinogen.
Imidazole-1-sulfonyl azide is an organic azide compound that can be used as an alternative to trifluoromethanesulfonyl azide.
These compounds are relatively stable compounds: light, temperature, and microwaves do little to degrade the compounds.
Ferrous lactate, or iron(II) lactate, is a chemical compound consisting of one atom of iron and two lactate anions.
These carotenoids must be obtained from plants or other photosynthetic organisms.
Ethyl isopropyl ketone, or 2-methyl-3-pentanone, is an aliphatic ketone with used as a reagent in organic chemistry and as a solvent.
The hydrolysis reaction generates gaseous hydrogen sulfide.
It has the highest-energy phosphate bond found in living organisms, and is involved in glycolysis and gluconeogenesis.
In terms of chemical structure, it is related to methane by replacement of one hydrogen atom by an atom of iodine.
As of June 2016 only Algeria, Yemen, and Iraq continue widespread use of leaded gasoline.
It can be prepared by the hydrogenation of benzylideneacetone.
A colourless liquid with a fishy odor, it is soluble in water and many polar organic solvents.
1-Chloro-9,10-bis(phenylethynyl)anthracene is a fluorescent dye used in lightsticks.
TFA is widely used in organic chemistry for various purposes.
Forodesine was originally discovered by Vern Schramm's laboratory at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York and Industrial Research Limited in New Zealand.
It is a derivative of benzoic acid and a minor product of the metabolic break down of aspirin, excreted by the kidneys.
It is largely inactive as an H2 antagonist at physiological pH, but its H3 affinity is 100x higher.
Selenium oxydichloride is the inorganic compound with the formula SeOCl2.
18F-FDG is now the standard radiotracer used for PET neuroimaging and cancer patient management.
It is encountered as the anydrous form and also as the tetrahydrate, ZnF2 · 4H2O.
As the heaviest analogue of ammonia, BiH3 is unstable, decomposing to bismuth metal well below 0 °C.
1-Naphthaleneacetic acid is an organic compound with the formula C10H7CH2CO2H.
Mercury(I) nitrate is a chemical compound with the formula Hg2(NO3)2.
The chemical formula of gallic acid is C6H2(OH)3COOH.
Tangeritin strengthens the cell wall and acts as a plant's defensive mechanism against disease-causing pathogens.
Acidic and basic stages both occur during the standard formation of Para Red, and acidic or basic byproducts may be present in the final product.
On the other hand, it is an unwanted byproduct in many large scale oxidation processes, for example the production of acrylic acid.
Tagatose is also approved as a tooth-friendly ingredient.
Methyl acetate is not stable in the presence of strong aqueous bases or aqueous acids.
Choline is the precursor molecule for the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, which is involved in many functions including memory and muscle control.
Dicoronylene sublimes under high vacuum, 0.001 torr, between 250 °C and 300 °C.
In the laboratory, 2-aminoisobutyric acid may be prepared from acetone cyanohydrin, by reaction with ammonia followed by hydrolysis.
Lactitol is produced by two manufacturers, Danisco and Purac Biochem.
Apigeninidin is one of the principal pigments found in sorghum.
It is used to treat a variety of ailments and can be administered intravenously, orally, intraarticularly, or transcutaneously.
It is soluble in alcohols, acetone, and ethers.
It is classified as a fatty alcohol.
It is a clear substance that is liquid at room temperature and is only slightly denser than liquid water.
Chebulagic acid is a benzopyran tannin and an antioxidant that has many potential uses in medicine.
The Phase II trials did not detect an increase in gastric emptying among the population of diabetic gastroparesis patients above placebo.
Diphenylsilanediol can act as an anticonvulsant, in a similar way to phenytoin.
Aluminium sulfate is sometimes referred to as a type of alum.
Nickel(II) oxide is the chemical compound with the formula NiO.
It is found in nature as the minerals valentinite and senarmontite.
The name refers to the cis compound, formally derived from maleonitrile.
It is freely soluble in water; it is not soluble in acetonitrile.
They are therefore traditionally used as a convenient calibration standard for optical spectrophotometers.
Gallium maltolate is a coordination complex consisting of a trivalent gallium cation coordinated to three maltolate ligands.
The two phosphates in ADP can be correlated with adenosine triphosphate and adenosine monophosphate.
PCBM is the common abbreviation for the fullerene derivative [6,6]-phenyl-C61-butyric acid methyl ester.
This sesquiterpene alcohol is thought to be formed in carrot seeds during the vegetation period.
Furan is a colorless, flammable, highly volatile liquid with a boiling point close to room temperature.
PEDOT-TMA was featured in an article entitled "Next Stretch for Plastic Electronics" that appeared in Scientific American in 2004.
The salts of saccharic acid are called saccharates or glucarates.
CaS has been studied as a component in a process that would recycle gypsum, a product of flue-gas desulfurization.
It is a clear non-flammable liquid with a sweet smell.
Subsequently, their preparation and intensive biological and physiological studies have been reported.
Little is known about this chemical compound other than its chemical formula.
Fluids with increased conductivity more readily dissipate static charges to mitigate the risk of explosions or fires due to Static Discharge Ignitions
It can be found in Kaempferia galanga.
Furazan and its derivatives are obtained from the oxime derivatives of 1,2-diketones.
VX is an extremely toxic synthetic chemical compound in the organophosphorus class, specifically, a thiophosphonate.
Iridium(IV) oxide, IrO2, is the only well characterised oxide of iridium.
This a dark red crystalline solid is air stable in solid form, but decomposes in solution when exposed to air.
Potassium arsenite forms the basis of Fowler’s solution, which was historically used as a medicinal tonic, but due to its toxic nature its use was discontinued.
It was originally synthesized by Fred Tebbe at DuPont Central Research.
Pyr-T was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Gallium nitrate is also used to synthesize other gallium compounds.
Chlorpyrifos, sold under many brandnames, is an organophosphate pesticide used to kill a number of pests including insects and worms.
There are several synthesis pathways developed for isocomene, the two most efficient ones are by Weiss and Cook and by M.C.
Also known as soda alum or sodium alum, this white solid is used in the acidity regulator of food mainly in the manufacture of baking powder.
Acetaldehyde is "one of the most frequently found air toxins with cancer risk greater than one in a million".
In solution different derivatives of altrose have been shown to occupy both 4C1, OS2 and 1C4-conformations.
It has been shown that kyotorphin is present in the human cerebrospinal fluid and that its concentration is lower in patients with persistent pain.
Silicon sulfide is the inorganic compound with the formula SiS2.
Phaclofen, or phosphonobaclofen, is a selective antagonist for the GABAB receptor.
It competed with the early synthetic dye fuchsine as a silk dye after fuchsine's 1859 discovery.
The pyridine ring occurs in many important compounds, including azines and the vitamins niacin and pyridoxine.
It was originally developed by IG Farben in the 1940s.
β-Ionone is a significant contributor to the aroma of roses, despite its relatively low concentration, and is an important fragrance chemical used in perfumery.
It can be made by reacting bromine and tellurium.
Pure T2O is corrosive due to self-radiolysis.
It is a photographic developing agent used in classic black-and-white developer solutions.
Phycocyanobilin is a blue phycobilin, i.e., a tetrapyrrole chromophore found in cyanobacteria and in the chloroplasts of red algae, glaucophytes, and some cryptomonads.
Cyclododecane is an organic compound with the chemical formula12.
It is naturally present in honey and sugarcane extracts.
Glucobrassicin is a type of glucosinolate that can be found in almost all cruciferous plants, such as cabbages, broccoli, mustards, and woad.
Re(CO)5Br + Zn + HOAc → ReH(CO)5 + ZnBrOAc
Nitrile, like natural rubber, can be attacked by ozone, ketones, esters and aldehydes.
Hydroxyethyl cellulose is a gelling and thickening agent derived from cellulose.
It acts as a topoisomerase II poison and intercalating agent.
Chromium sulfides are usually nonstoichiometric compounds, with formulas ranging from CrS to Cr0.67S.
This compound exists as a colorless liquid at room temperature.
Metsulfuron-methyl is an organic compound classified as a sulfonylurea herbicide, which kills broadleaf weeds and some annual grasses.
Other serious side effects may include worsening heart failure and kidney problems.
It has also been isolated from raw black rice and black bananas.
It is prone to decomposition with the release of hydrogen fluoride in ionic liquids but is generally extremely stable in solution.
This may result in a type of anemia in which low numbers of large red blood cells occur.
The most common form is the yttrium hexaboride YB6.
The compound is a colorless solid, but commercial samples are often yellow due to oxidized impurities.
8-Oxo-dG is one of the major products of DNA oxidation.
Sometimes lipoamide is used to refer to protein bound lipoic acid, but this can be misleading as this is technically incorrect.
Ractopamine is a feed additive to promote leanness in animals raised for their meat.
VI3 crystallizes in the motif adopted by bismuth(III) iodide: the iodides are hexagonal-closest packed and the vanadium centers occupy one third of the octahedral holes.
N,N-Diethyl-meta-toluamide, also called DEET or diethyltoluamide, is the most common active ingredient in insect repellents.
The yellow-green crystals of dioxouranium nitrate hexahydrate are triboluminescent.
It is 3000 times sweeter than sugar.
Calcium sulfate is the inorganic compound with the formula CaSO4 and related hydrates.
It is used in ceramics and glasses, though not in a raw form.
In animals, L-lactate is constantly produced from pyruvate via the enzyme lactate dehydrogenase in a process of fermentation during normal metabolism and exercise.
Scandium(III) fluoride, ScF3, is an ionic compound.
Gallium trichloride is the chemical compound with the formula GaCl3.
It is notable that methylecgonine cinnamate is given in patents of active cocaine analogue structures.
Will dissolve in many non-polar compounds e.g.
Ammonium uranyl carbonate is also one of the many forms called yellowcake; in this case it is the product obtained by the heap leach process.
An isocitric acid value higher than this may be indicative of fruit juice adulteration.
It is the most soluble of the common perchlorate salts.
Usually found as an aqueous solution, this colorless compound is a stronger acid than sulfuric and nitric acid.
ε-Caprolactone or simply caprolactone is a lactone possessing a seven-membered ring.
It is an inhibitor of the enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase.
In this way, the third nitrogen atom of canavanine enters into the reactions of nitrogen metabolism of the plant.
Glutaryl-coenzyme A is an intermediate in the metabolism of lysine and tryptophan.
14700 is a red azo dye once used as a food dye.
Diosmetin, also known as 5,7,3'-trihydroxy-4'-methoxyflavone, is an O-methylated flavone, a chemical compound that can be found in the Caucasian vetch.
Chlorofluoromethane or Freon 31 is a gaseous mixed halomethane.
Tungsten(VI) oxytetrabromide is the inorganic compound with the formula WOBr4.
The structure and the effects of the compound are similar to those of valepotriates.
Copper triflate is the copper(II) salt of trifluoromethanesulfonic acid which has a chemical formula of Cu(OSO2CF3)2.
Menadione is an organic compound with the formula C6H4(CO)2C2H(CH3).
Calcium citrate malate is a water-soluble calcium supplement.
It is the simplest aromatic aldehyde and one of the most industrially useful.
CFSE is cell permeable and covalently couples, via its succinimidyl group, to intracellular molecules, notably, to intracellular lysine residues and other amine sources.
Additionally, it is known to contribute to the depletion of Earth's atmospheric ozone layer when released.
In 2008,-β-damascenone was identified as a primary odorant in Kentucky bourbon.
It forms colorless to white orthorhombic crystals.
It is a colorless liquid that is almost insoluble in water, but miscible with most organic solvents.
It is produced in relatively small quantities, accounting for only 3.4% of the global diisocyanate market in the year 2000.
It is a group-14 hydride and the simplest alkane, and is the main constituent of natural gas.
In a PMMA polymer matrix on the other hand these side-reactions were limited and the compound survived up to 12 hours.
In 1957 the US Department of Agriculture started an eleven-year investigation which led to the identification of cyclopamine as the cause of the birth defect.
As a food additive it has E number E209, and is used as a preservative.
The complex is an intermediate in the preparation of tetrakis(triphenylphosphine)palladium4):
The cis-isomer of crotonic acid is called isocrotonic acid.
Anhydrous Cu(OAc)2 is a dark green crystalline solid, whereas Cu2(OAc)4(H2O)2 is more bluish-green.
They are all white solids that are insoluble in water.
Like many esters it has a fruity or floral smell at low concentrations and occurs naturally in raspberries, pears and other plants.
Derivatives of isothiazolinone are used as biocides, including:
Threose is a four-carbon monosaccharide or carbohydrate with molecular formula C4H8O4.
Yttrium(III) arsenide is an inorganic chemical compound.
When mixed with other components, such as methanol or acetonitrile other pHs may be attained.
Similar reactions are known for homocubane and bishomocubane.
2-Naphthylamine is one of two isomeric aminonaphthalenes, compounds with the formula C10H7NH2.
"Isolation and characterisation of moderately halophilic bacteriumHalomonas ventosae DL7 synthesizing ectoine as compatible solute".
Beryllium oxide, also known as beryllia, is an inorganic compound with the formula BeO.
It is one of two chemical compounds that are commonly called aluminium boride; the other is aluminium diboride, AlB2.
It has a 31P NMR signal at around +220 ppm with reference to a phosphoric acid standard.
This allows it to be the "solvent of life".
Most of them can be detected with iodine solution, giving a red coloration; one distinguishes erythrodextrin and achrodextrin.
It is used as a reagent for biochemical reactions producing peroxides or phenols.
It is an intermediate in the Van Arkel process for the purification of titanium.
Both are compounds classified as rotenoids of the flavonoid family and are naturally occurring insecticides.
The structure of this molecule consists of a purine base attached by the 9 nitrogen atom to the 1′ carbon atom of a pentose sugar.
It is of similar structure to the isomeric 2-methylpentane, which has the methyl group located on the second carbon of the pentane chain.
As such, the molecule is highly electrophilic, and is widely employed as a dienophile in cycloaddition reactions, such as the Diels-Alder reaction.
This staurosporine analog is a highly potent cell permeable inhibitor of CaM kinase and phosphorylase kinase.
Coronene is produced in the petroleum-refining process of hydrocracking, where it can dimerize to a fifteen ring PAH, trivially named "dicoronylene".
Octyl esters, while providing weaker bond, are more flexible.
Daidzin has shown the potential for the treatment of alcohol dependency based on animal models.
Imuracetam is a drug of the racetam family.
It is a white crystalline powder and occurs in nature as the mineral celestine.
It can be produced by the hydrolysis of storax.
It may be formed by the reaction of antimony with selenium.
Lipoic acid, also known as α-lipoic acid and alpha lipoic acid and thioctic acid is an organosulfur compound derived from octanoic acid.
Diazolidinyl urea acts as a formaldehyde releaser.
            
Ammonium lactate is a compound with formula NH4(C2H4(OH)COO).
It is often encountered as the heptahydrate sulfate mineral epsomite, commonly called Epsom salt.
Known since ancient times as copperas and as green vitriol, the blue-green heptahydrate is the most common form of this material.
It is a dangerous oxidizer and was first described in 1860.
Other names for padimate O include 2-ethylhexyl 4-dimethylaminobenzoate, Escalol 507, octyldimethyl PABA, and OD-PABA.
It has a structure and an odor similar to those of camphor.
Stoichiometric samples are colored intense purple-violet, while boron-rich ones are blue.
The anhydrous acid has two different forms, which melt at 54.3 °C and 71.5 °C.
Inosinic acid or inosine monophosphate is a nucleoside monophosphate.
Technical resmethrin is a mixture of-,-,-,- isomers, typically in a ratio of 4:1:4:1.
D-lactic acid and L-lactic acid have a higher melting point.
At room temperature, this cyclic diene dimerizes over the course of hours to give dicyclopentadiene via a Diels–Alder reaction.
Only one enantiomer of each subclass is depicted, with the understanding that the other enantiomer bears the same subclass name.
This compound was developed at the Max Planck Institute for Biochemistry in Germany.
Trimethylsilylacetylene is an acetylene molecule protected on one end by the trimethylsilyl group.
This yellow-colored solid is sometimes used as a reagent in chemical synthesis, but it is best known as an explosive material with convenient handling properties.
DAPI is a fluorescent stain that binds strongly to A-T rich regions in DNA.
Zaragozic acids are a family of natural products produced by fungi.
Less common solvents used as paint thinner include:
by pyrolysis of mellitic anhydride, but without success as of 2011.
1946 is the date of the earliest recorded use in English of the abbreviation “DDD” to stand for dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane, as far as could be determined.
As a supplement it is used to treat and prevent vitamin D deficiency including rickets.
Other tachykinins from nonmammalian sources include kassinin and physalaemin.
1,2-Propanedithiol, sometimes called 1,2-dimercaptopropane, is a thiol with the formula HSCH2CH(SH)CH3.
Baicalein is one of the active ingredients of Sho-Saiko-To, a Japanese herbal supplement believed to enhance liver health.
This buffer is primarily used in biochemistry and molecular biology.
It acts by adding alkyl groups to the O6 of guanine and O4 of thymine, which can lead to transition mutations between GC and AT.
In addition, bafilomycin A1 has antimalarial activity  It has been shown to decrease multi-drug resistance.
As this series of reactions is irreversible, triphenylsulfonium triflate is a photoacid generator.
L-Kynurenine is a metabolite of the amino acid L-tryptophan used in the production of niacin.
Pantetheine is the cysteamine amide analog of pantothenic acid.
Its four cumulative double bonds make it a cumulene.
Europium(III) oxide, is a chemical compound of europium and oxygen.
The four compounds have been shown to be an effective antibiotics against methicillin-resistant strains of Staphylococcus aureus which act through the inhibition of protein biosynthesis.
It is most often made by mixing fluorosilicic acid with sodium hydroxide.
Once ingested, psilocybin is rapidly metabolized to psilocin, which then acts on serotonin receptors in the brain.
High-energy radiation leads to cross linking in PMA.
This bicyclic compound consists of the fusion of benzene and imidazole.
It is a white solid which is soluble in ethanol and acetone at room temperature.
9,10-Diphenylanthracene is used as a sensitiser in chemiluminescence.
It is occasionally used as a 0.5% or 1% aqueous negative stain in transmission electron microscopy because it shows a finer grain structure than uranyl acetate.
Historically, hexadimethrine bromide was sometimes used to reverse heparin anticoagulation during open-heart surgery.
The compound exists as colourless deliquescent crystals that fume in moist air.
This compound was used in the preparation of nedocromil.
Thiophene, also commonly called thiofuran, is a heterocyclic compound with the formula C4H4S.
Titanium carbide is also used as a heat shield coating for atmospheric reentry of spacecraft.
Calcium hexaboride is a compound of calcium and boron with the chemical formula CaB6.
It is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U.S.
Potassium persulfate is the inorganic compound with the formula K2S2O8.
Aspidophytine is an indole alkaloid that has attracted a lot of attention from synthetic chemists.
The polycrystalline material has the appearance of pale orange pieces.
As shown by band theory, VO is a conductor of electricity due to its partially filled conduction band and delocalisation of electrons in the t2g orbitals.
At this stage, phosphoenolpyruvate and erythrose-4-phosphate react to form 3-deoxy-D-arabinoheptulosonate-7-phosphate, in a reaction catalyzed by the enzyme DAHP synthase.
Silver iodate is a light-sensitive, white crystal composed of silver, iodine and oxygen.
MCPB, 2,4-MCPB, 4-(4-chloro-o-tolyloxy)butyric acid, or 4-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)butanoic acid is a phenoxybutyric herbicide.
It is comparable to methyl ethyl ketone, but has a lower solvency and is more expensive.
At room temperature gallium(III) telluride is an odorless, black, brittle crystalline solid and is a semiconductor of the III-VI type that crystallizes in a lattice structure.
Zirconium lactate is a zirconium complex derived from lactic acid.
Tin(II) iodide, also known as stannous iodide, is an ionic tin salt of iodine with the formula SnI2.
BOM was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Other similar complexes also had color names, such as purpureo for a pentammine complex, and praseo and violeo for two isomeric tetrammine complexes.
Linear polyethyleneimines contain all secondary amines, in contrast to branched PEIs which contain primary, secondary and tertiary amino groups.
Cyclopentadienyl is formally related to cyclopentadienyl anion by one-electron oxidation.
Lithium triborate was discovered and developed by Fujian Institute of Research on the Structure of Matter, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Beauvericin is active against Gram-positive bacteria and mycobacteria, and is also capable of inducing programmed cell death in mammals.
Zirconium diboride is a highly covalent refractory ceramic material with a hexagonal crystal structure.
MME was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
As such it requires permits to purchase or sell in any significant quantity in the US.
This colourless salt consists of a sulfonium cation and the triflate anion.
Oxalosuccinate never leaves the active site of the enzyme, however; it's unstable and immediately undergoes decarboxylation to produce the 5-carbon compound, alpha-ketoglutarate.
The term cadinene has sometimes been used in a broad sense to refer to any sesquiterpene with the so-called cadalane carbon skeleton.
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of metaproscaline.
Simazine is an herbicide of the triazine class.
The annual global production is around 80 million tonnes.
Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, and is subject to strict reporting requirements by facilities which produce, store, or use it in significant quantities.
The name bioallethrin is a common name approved by the British Standards Institution and published in .
As a food dye, it has been permitted by the US Food and Drug Administration since 1956 to color the skin of oranges.
Its primary use has been as a refrigerant.
Fructose 6-phosphate is a fructose sugar phosphorylated on carbon 6.
Norcamphor is an organic compound, classified as a bicyclic ketone.
Also related are TAN-1057 A and TAN-1057 B, isolated from the same bacteria.
U46619 is a vasoconstrictor that mimics the hydroosmotic effect of vasopressin.
Ectocarpene is a sexual attractant, or pheromone, found with several species of brown algae.
^ W. E. Kaufmann and E. E. Dreger.
Dissolved in water, it is neither acidic nor alkaline.
Kendomycin is an antitumor macrolide antibiotic first isolated from the bacteria Streptomyces violaceoruber.
As is the case with most volatile esters, it has a pleasant aroma and taste.
The longer and narrower the crystals, the more susceptible lead styphnate is to static electricity.
Cyclobutane is a colourless gas and commercially available as a liquefied gas.
It is used as a wavelength shifter, which means that it converts shorter wavelength light to longer wavelength light.
Also called Marshall's acid, it is sulfur oxoacid.
The scale has the same basic design as the original Fujita scale—six categories from zero to five, representing increasing degrees of damage.
Mo2(O2CCH3)4 + 4 HCl + 4 KCl → K4Mo2Cl8 + 4 HO2CCH3
As a thermoplastic polymer, polystyrene is in a solid state at room temperature but flows if heated above about 100 °C, its glass transition temperature.
Andrographolide is a labdane diterpenoid that has been isolated from the stem and leaves of Andrographis paniculata.
If UMP synthase is defective, orotic aciduria can result.
Sonazoid is one such microbubble formulation developed by Amersham Health that uses perfluorobutane for the gas core.
The overall methodology is similar to the use of AgPF6, except that Tl+ is much less oxidizing.
It is used for brush control and non-cropland areas.
In the stratosphere, chlorine atoms react with ozone molecules to form chlorine monoxide and oxygen.
The backbone chain is mainly composed of siloxane repeat units, and is of low molecular weight, so being classed as an oligomer.
Glucuronolactone is a naturally occurring substance that is an important structural component of nearly all connective tissues.
It was first introduced in Germany in 1969 under the name Esucos.
It is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor.
Ribulose sugars are composed in the pentose phosphate pathway.
It is a marker for catecholamine-secreting tumors such as pheochromocytoma.
Increased amounts of methyl jasmonate in plant roots have shown to inhibit their growth.
Whereas naphthalene is colourless, azulene is dark blue.
Brominated derivatives including dibromsalan, metabromsalan, and tribromsalan are used as disinfectants with antibacterial and antifungal activities.
NADA has also been implicated in smooth muscle contraction and vasorelaxation in blood vessels.
Difluorodioxirane, a gas, is one of the very few dioxirane derivatives that is stable in pure form at room temperature.
It has been demonstrated that the production of pederin relies on the activities of an endosymbiont within Paederus.
Retinal allows certain microorganisms to convert light into metabolic energy.
Commonly abbreviated to CpIn, it is a cyclopentadienyl complex with a half-sandwich structure.
Tautomycin is a chemical that occurs naturally in shellfish and is produced by the bacterium Streptomyces spiroverticillatus.
Fast Green FCF, also called Food green 3, FD&C Green No.
This type is separate from its more common cousin Dihydropyridine.
It also occurs naturally as 3 rare minerals: wülfingite, ashoverite and sweetite.
Polyvinyl chloride, also known as poly vinyl or vinyl, commonly abbreviated PVC, is the world's third-most widely produced synthetic plastic polymer, after polyethylene and polypropylene.
The compound provided significant protection from cocaine overdose in rats only at the lowest dose tested in the measurement series.
Because PEEK is resistant to attack, it is commonly used in carbon fiber coatings and cable insulation.
It is an alkaloid chemically related to tryptamines.
Levothyroxine is available as a generic medication.
Solutions of KF will etch glass due to the formation of soluble fluorosilicates, although HF is more effective.
It is a colorless liquid, although impure samples appear yellowish.
It has a pink color with a cubic crystal structure.
Esculetin-containing preparations used systemically can have an anticoagulant effect and might interact with anticoagulent drugs such as warfarin.
In 1869, it became the first natural pigment to be duplicated synthetically.
The use of arctigenin has been shown to be effective in a mouse model of Japanese encephalitis.
Both the mouse and human olfactory receptors MOR244-3 and OR2T11, respectively, were found to respond to thietane in the presence of copper.
It is used by mouth or injection into a muscle.
PolyDADMAC is usually delivered as a liquid concentrate having a solids level in the range of 10 to 50%.
Like hexanitrobenzene, HNE is investigated as a gas source for explosively pumped gas dynamic laser.
It is slightly soluble in water, but very soluble in ethanol and ether.
The enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase is inhibited by sulfonamide antibiotics.
While "magnesium oxide" normally refers to MgO, magnesium peroxide MgO2 is also known as a compound.
Sintering of ZrB2 is hindered by the material's covalent nature and presence of surface oxides which increase grain coarsening before densification during sintering.
This bent diamagnetic molecule rapidly inserts into other bonds.
Additionally, EDC can also be used to activate phosphate groups in order to form phosphomono-esters and phosphodiesters.
to be a potent, noncompetitive inhibitor of monoacylglycerol lipase.
This article is about the fungicide captan.
Gallium arsenide is a compound of the elements gallium and arsenic.
Recently, it has been used as a nutritional supplement; however, renal toxicity and hepatotoxicity are reported for chronic use of creosote bush and NDGA.
Nitromethane is an organic compound with the chemical formula CH
This is one of the oxocarbon anions, which consist only of carbon and oxygen.
It is a gas at room temperature but is usually sold in pressurized gas cylinders or as a 40% solution in water.
It is a natural lactone that derives from the intramolecular cyclization of a cinnamic acid derivative.
It is a colorless, odorless solid, highly soluble in water, and practically non-toxic.
Thujone acts on GABA as an antagonist and as a component of several essential oils, is also used in perfumery.
It has an empirical formula of MgO and consists of a lattice of Mg2+ ions and O2− ions held together by ionic bonding.
Less frequently, the word chloride may also form part of the "common" name of chemical compounds in which one or more chlorine atoms are covalently bonded.
It is used as a non-nucleophilic base, being comparable to LiHMDS in terms of pKa and steric hindrance.
It is one of the components of the aroma of Tuber melanosporum, the black truffle.
It contains a primary amine and thus undergoes the reactions associated with typical amines, e.g.
Therefore, there are many structural isomers owing to the multiple possible positions of the oxygen atom and the tetrahedral carbon atom:
Bis(chloromethyl) ether was once produced on a large scale, but was found to be highly carcinogenic and thus such production has all but ceased.
Diisopropylzinc is an organozinc compound with the chemical formula ZnC6H14.
Nickel(II) carbonate describes one or a mixture of inorganic compounds containing nickel and carbonate.
Bisphenol S is an organic compound with the formula2SO2.
Chloramines are derivatives of ammonia by substitution of one, two or three hydrogen atoms with chlorine atoms: monochloramine, dichloramine, and nitrogen trichloride.
It is found in the essential oils of a variety of plants, and contributes pungency to the flavor of some herbs such as Summer savory.
The methacrylates have numerous uses, most notably in the manufacture of polymers with trade names such as Lucite and Plexiglas.
It is mainly produced to make acrylate fiber, which is used to weave synthetic carpets.
8-Aminoquinoline is a form of aminoquinoline with an amine at the 8-position of quinoline.
It is a solid at room temperature, appearing as odorless white crystals.
Alitame has approved for use in Mexico, Australia, New Zealand and China.
Cerium hexaboride, like lanthanum hexaboride, slowly evaporates during the cathode operation.
SBR is not to be confused with a thermoplastic elastomer made from the same monomers, styrene-butadiene block copolymer.
Polychloroprene is better known to the public as Neoprene, the trade name given by DuPont.
It is available in both the anhydrous and the monohydrated forms.
Molybdenum disilicide and MoSi2-based materials are usually made by sintering.
Plumbagin or 5-hydroxy-2-methyl-1,4-naphthoquinone is an organic compound with the chemical formula C
Anethole is an organic compound that is widely used as a flavoring substance.
The most common form of the trichloride is the dark green "hexahydrate", CrCl3.6H2O.
Pyrazoles are also a class of compounds that have the ring C3N2 with adjacent nitrogen atoms.
It usually comes as a disodium salt of 8-acetamido-1-hydroxy-2-phenylazonaphthalene-3,6 disulphonate.
It is the ammonium salt of fumaric acid.
It is a reactive compound classified as an enone, in fact the simplest example thereof.
          
Coal tar consists of about 0.3% of this compound.
2-Cyanoguanidine is a colourless solid that is soluble in water, acetone, and alcohol, but not nonpolar organic solvents.
N-Propyl-L-arginine, or more properly NG-propyl-L-arginine, is a selective inhibitor of neuronal nitric oxide synthase.
It is a colorless flammable solid, like many higher boron hydrides.
Thallium(I) telluride, Tl2Te is a chemical compound of thallium and tellurium.
Hexaboride cathodes are about ten times "brighter" than tungsten cathodes, and have 10–15 times longer lifetime.
The molecule resembles carbon monoxide with a triple bond between carbon and sulfur.
Like its orange-colored analog norhipposudoric acid, hipposudoric acid functions both as a natural sunscreen and as an antimicrobial agent.
Ruthenium tetroxide oxide) is the inorganic compound with the formula RuO4.
The molecule adopts a square pyramidal structure with C4v symmetry, as confirmed by its high resolution 19F NMR spectrum.
Related derivatives are used in the production of dyes.
Convolutindole A is a brominated tryptamine alkaloid that was first identified in 2001 in Amathia Convoluta, a marine bryozoan.
Hafnium diboride has a hexagonal crystal structure, a molar mass of 200.11 grams per mole, and a density of 10.5 grams per cubic centimeter.
Weed-resistance to herbicides is on the rise due to both the repeated use of the herbicides and the introduction of genetically modified crops.
The protons easily migrate through the solution, moving from H2F+ to HF, when present, by the Grotthuss mechanism:
Cyclobutane is a cycloalkane and organic compound with the formula4.
Ascaridole is a natural organic compound classified as a bicyclic monoterpene that has an unusual bridging peroxide functional group.
Anhydrous iron(III) chloride is deliquescent, forming hydrated hydrogen chloride mists in moist air.
Along with neandrin it is primarily responsible for the toxicity of the sap of oleander.
It has been produced in the U.S. by the Uniroyal Chemical Company, Inc, which registered daminozide for use on fruits intended for human consumption in 1963.
It has two hydroxyl groups bonded to a benzene ring in a para position.
It is the subject of few publications and its characterization as well as its uses are very limited.
Triphenyltin hydroxide is an organotin compound with formula Sn(C6H5)3OH.
2-Aminomuconic semialdehyde is a metabolite of tryptophan.
Campesterol is a phytosterol whose chemical structure is similar to that of cholesterol.
There are also other strontium aluminates, e.g.
Natural sources of this fatty acid are the seed oils of hemp, blackcurrant, corn gromwell and echium, and the cyanobacterium Spirulina.
Nitrosyl chloride is the chemical compound with the formula NOCl.
Among the producing strains are Mycelia sterilia.
Work on the ketogenic diet as a treatment for epilepsy have investigated the role of glycolysis in the disease.
Most KCN is used in gold mining, organic synthesis, and electroplating.
2 Mo(CO)6 + 4 HO2CCH3 → Mo2(O2CCH3)4 + 2 H2 + 12 CO
Only pine stumps and roots are used in the traditional production of pine tar.
It is used in electroplating, in electronics and piezoelectricity, and as a combustion accelerator in cigarette paper.
Ariadne was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
It is flammable, with flash point at 11 °C.
N-Octyl bicycloheptene dicarboximide is an ingredient in some common pesticides.
When drawn in two dimensions, the molecule resembles a swastika, and has therefore been called "Hitler's acid".
Many furocoumarins are extremely toxic to fish, and some are deposited in streams in Indonesia to catch fish.
An example of a drug in this class is aprepitant.
It can also be found as an ingredient in a variety of other processed foods.
Nitrous oxide, commonly known as laughing gas or nitrous, is a chemical compound, an oxide of nitrogen with the formula N
Acesulfame potassium, also known as acesulfame K or Ace K, is a calorie-free sugar substitute often marketed under the trade names Sunett and Sweet One.
Derivatives of pimelic acid are involved in the biosynthesis of the amino acid called lysine.
Now that safer methods of abortion are available, apiol is almost forgotten.
In some individuals, xylitol consumption is limited by gastrointestinal issues, including flatulence, osmotic diarrhea, and irritable bowel syndrome.
These hard waters tend to form carbonate scale in pipes and boilers and they react with soaps to form an undesirable scum.
Dilithium, Li2, is a strongly electrophilic, diatomic molecule comprising two lithium atoms covalently bonded together.
Therefore, measurements of LTE4, especially in the urine, are commonly monitored in clinical research studies.
This is because guanidinium is the conjugate acid of guanidine and is called the guanidinium cation, [CH6N3]+.
Although banned as a pesticide more than 30 years ago, traces of beta-HCH can still be found in water and soil.
Carene has a sweet and pungent odor.
The yellow cake precipitate is then thickened, dried, re-crushed and packed into industry standard 220 litre steel drums for shipment to customers.
Lugduname has been estimated to be between 220,000 and 300,000 times as sweet as sucrose, with estimates varying between studies.
Cyclooctane is a cycloalkane with the molecular formula8.
Therefore, it leads to overexcitation and consequently paralysis and death in insects.
Inositol or cyclohexane-1,2,3,4,5,6-hexol is a chemical compound with formula C6H12O6 or6, a six-fold alcohol of cyclohexane.
trans-1,2-Diaminocyclohexane is an organic compound with the formula C6H10(NH2)2.
However, it was found that black olives, such as common canned variety, containing iron(II) gluconate contained little hydroxytyrosol, as iron salts are catalysts for its oxidation.
It is odorless and insoluble in water.
In the literature, it has been gaining widespread use as a biochemical tool for the tagging of proteins and enzymes.
3,4-Xylidine is a organic compound with formula2C6H3NH2.
Dimanganese decacarbonyl is the chemical compound with the formula Mn2(CO)10.
Trimethylsilyl cyanide is the chemical compound with the formula3SiCN.
Roxarsone is banned in the European Union.
In TiO2 the oxide anions are close packed and titanium atoms occupy half of the octahedral interstices.
Its structure consists of a largely conjugated array of benzene, benzothiazole and isothiouronium units.
Picolinic acid is an organic compound with the formula C5H4N(CO2H).
These properties limits its use as a structural material, but may be offset by using it together with another material as a composite material.
It has a melting point of 69 °C and a boiling point of 298 °C.
It is a fibrous solid, described as "lustrous golden on the faces and dark blue-black", depending on the orientation of the sample.
Another method is to neutralize rubidium carbonate with hydrofluoric acid:
Methanesulfonic anhydride is the acid anhydride of methanesulfonic acid.
Terthiophene is the organic compound with the formula [C4H3S]2C4H2S.
Closely related isomeric compounds include benzo(a)fluoranthene, benzo(e)fluoranthene, benzo(j)fluoranthene, and benzo(k)fluoranthene.
It is commonly used as a graft material in surgical interventions.
SN38 is formed via hydrolysis of irinotecan by carboxylesterases and metabolized via glucuronidation by UGT1A1.
Pregnane is a C21 steroid and, indirectly, a parent of progesterone.
4-OHT has moderate anabolic, mild androgenic, and anti-aromatase properties and is similar to the steroid clostebol.
This volatile, colorless liquid is highly pyrophoric, igniting immediately upon exposure to air.
Beryllium telluride is a chemical compound of beryllium and tellurium.
It is very hard, and is extremely resistant to corrosion.
By 1818, he had purified it sufficiently to characterize it.
With a hydroxyl group adjacent to the carboxyl group, lactic acid is classified as an alpha-hydroxy acid.
Neonicotinoids are a class of insecticides that are chemically similar to nicotine, which has been used as a pesticide since the late 1700s.
For example, octanitrocubane and heptanitrocubane have been studied as high-performance explosives.
Other oxidized forms of D-galactose are D-galactonic acid and meso-galactaric acid.
A close analogue, roxibolone, shows similar antiglucocorticoid activity to formebolone but, in contrast, is devoid of activity as an AAS.
Fumonisin B1 is hepatotoxic and nephrotoxic in all animal species tested.
Specific activity of tumor growth inhibition is 2-5 micrograms/milliliter.
It is more soluble than chlorophyll a in polar solvents because of its carbonyl group.
It is a common base in organic chemistry.
For the reducing agent, see sodium dithionite.
3,5-Dihydroxyphenylglycine can be isolated from the latex of Euphorbia helioscopia.
                 
L-Iduronic acid is the major uronic acid component of the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate, and heparin.
One benefit of this topical analgesic is that it has no odor, in contrast to other topical analgesics such as menthol.
Potassium metabisulfite is generally preferred out of the two as it does not contribute sodium to the diet.
It is implicated as responsible for the heat resistance of the endospore.
It is a diethoxy-methoxy analog of TMA-2.
Tiglic acid is a monocarboxylic unsaturated organic acid.
It has a density of 6.12 g/L at sea level conditions, considerably higher than the density of air.
Unlike most alkanes, the numeric prefix in its name is from Latin, not Greek.
In aqueous solution at low pH, methyl yellow appears red.
It has a woody, fruity, rumlike odor and a spicy, floral taste with a soapy, fatty texture.
Additionally, ifenprodil inhibits GIRK channels, and interacts with alpha1 adrenergic, serotonin, and sigma receptors.
HOP(O)H2 exists in equilibrium with the minor tautomer HP(OH)2.
However, 95% of rT3 in human blood is made elsewhere in the body, as enzymes remove a particular iodine atom from T4.
Octanoyl-coenzyme A is the endpoint of beta oxidation in peroxisomes.
Desmosterol is the immediate precursor of cholesterol in the Bloch pathway of cholesterol biosynthesis.
In 2004, an estimated 1.3 million tonnes were produced worldwide.
It is also used in pest control for other domestic animals, Anopheles mosquitoes, ants, gypsy moths, and other agricultural pests.
Instead, acetyl iodide undergoes iodide/hydroxide exchange with most carboxylic acids:
Ebselen, is a synthetic organoselenium drug molecule with anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidant and cytoprotective activity.
It decomposes in water with the production of methane.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 13.80 to 18.41 U.S. dollars per 500 grams.
Pittsburgh compound B is a radioactive analog of thioflavin T, which can be used in positron emission tomography scans to image beta-amyloid plaques in neuronal tissue.
Amaranth is a closely related azo dye, also usable in trichrome staining.
K+ + NaB(Ph)4 → KB(Ph)4 + Na+
The ability to taste PTC is often treated as a dominant genetic trait, although inheritance and expression of this trait are somewhat more complex.
Pyrazine is a heterocyclic aromatic organic compound with the chemical formula C4H4N2.
Chlorotoxin is a 36-amino acid peptide found in the venom of the deathstalker scorpion which blocks small-conductance chloride channels.
Thymidine diphosphate or deoxythymidine diphosphate is a nucleoside diphosphate.
It is very harmful to aquatic organisms.
Dermorphin is a hepta-peptide first isolated from the skin of South American frogs belonging to the genus Phyllomedusa.
It is an "ultrafast" nitric oxide donor which is being studied for its research and clinical applications.
The structure features planar nitrogen with a short N-F bond length of 135 pm.
Tryptophan is also a precursor to the neurotransmitter serotonin and the hormone melatonin.
It was first made in 1848 by Nikolaus Wolfgang Fischer in Breslau, and it is used as a yellow pigment called Aureolin.
Folic acid was discovered between 1931 and 1943.
A variety of grades are known, but most are gray solids.
TPA was first found in the croton plant, a shrub found in Southeast Asia, exposure to which provokes a poison ivy-like rash.
It has a hexagonal layer structure, similar to that of GaS.
Despite its name, lanthionine does not contain the element lanthanum.
This is separated from the solution, dried with methanol and then calcinated with hydrogen directly to UO2 to obtain a sinterable grade powder.
For example, the C3 value for atomic lithium extracted from the A-state potential of Li2 by Le Roy et al.
In aqueous solution, methanolamine may decompose into formaldehyde and ammonia.
It has a structure related to that of Tl5Te3.
Alginate is present in the cell walls of brown algae, as the calcium, magnesium and sodium salts of alginic acid.
Prenol, or 3-methyl-2-buten-1-ol, is a natural alcohol.
Polygodial is an active constituent of Dorrigo Pepper, Mountain Pepper, Horopito, Canelo, Paracress and Water-pepper.
Cases of death due to attempted abortion using apiol have been reported.
Nootkatone was previously thought to be one of the main chemical components of the smell and flavour of grapefruits.
It is also a precursor to the production of silver nanoparticles.
Thiamine, also known as thiamin or vitamin B1, is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement.
Chavicol, or p-allylphenol, is a natural phenylpropene, a type of organic compound.
In the ketone bodies digestion pathway, it is no longer associated with having HMG-CoA as a product or as a reactant.
Styrene oxide is an epoxide derived from styrene.
It is produced industrially as a precursor to many products.
Its high level of solubility restricts its use in certain areas where the water table is close to the surface.
2-Pyridylethylamine is a histamine agonist which is selective for the H1 subtype.
Deuterated chloroform, is an isotopologue of chloroform in which the hydrogen atom is replaced with a deuterium isotope.
Lethal dose = 1 mg/kg in mice.
It is also used in brake fluid diluent and in organic synthesis.
2 WO3 + W → 3 WO2
The molecule consists of a cyclic disulfide functional group with a carboxylic acid side chain.
Boiling less concentrated solutions releases H2O until the constant boiling mixture composition is reached.
It is also a reagent in the synthesis of various pharmaceutical intermediates.
These effects are mainly due to the properties of the potassium ion—sodium bromide tastes salty at any concentration.
α-Eleostearic acid or-octadeca-9,11,13-trienoic acid, is an organic compound, a conjugated fatty acid and one of the isomers of octadecatrienoic acid.
Otera's catalyst, named after Japanese chemist Junzo Otera, is an organostannane compound which has been used as a transesterification catalyst.
Nickel Chromate is an acid-soluble compound, red-brown in color, with high tolerances for heat.
Where other organic UV absorbers need to be dissolved in either the oil or water phase, bisoctrizole dissolves poorly in both.
Nitrile butadiene rubber is a family of unsaturated copolymers of 2-propenenitrile and various butadiene monomers.
The compound currently has a few specialized applications, such as the manufacture solar cells and X-ray and gamma-ray detectors.
Indium sulfate is used in the production of indium or indium containing substances.
Insect molting hormones are generally called ecdysteroids.
Its CAS reference number is 100-20-9 and its chemical formula is C8H4Cl2O2.
This colourless solid is a lactam of caproic acid.
It is named by reference to pyran, which contains two double bonds, and may be produced from it by adding four hydrogens.
Similar to polyethylene terephthalate, the PTT is used to make carpet fibers.
In nematodes and human placentas, phosphocholine is selectively attached to other proteins as a posttranslational modification to suppress an immune response by their hosts.
Berberine is usually found in the roots, rhizomes, stems, and bark.
Acridone is an organic compound based on the acridine skeleton, with a carbonyl group at the 9 position.
Dehydroalanine-(beta)-di-dehydroalanine, or 2,3-didehydroalanine) is a dehydroamino acid.
It is a cyclopropyl derivative of melamine.
Homovanillic acid is a major catecholamine metabolite that is produced by a consecutive action of monoamine oxidase and catechol-O-methyltransferase on dopamine.
It is commonly used as a Lewis acid catalyst, e.g.
It is a poisonous, syrupy liquid with a fishy odor.
Erythrulose is a clear to pale-yellowish liquid, which naturally occurs in red raspberries.
It is related to the more common flavorant maltol by replacement of the methyl group by an ethyl group.
Lead basic carbonate2) or lead(II) oxide is encountered in practice where lead hydroxide is expected.
Now it is only used as a reagent or intermediate in organic chemistry.
Ganesha is the amphetamine analogue of 2C-G.
It is used commercially in perfumes and other cosmetics.
Terpineol is a naturally occurring monoterpene alcohol that has been isolated from a variety of sources such as cajuput oil, pine oil, and petitgrain oil.
Silica gel is most commonly encountered in everyday life as beads in a small paper packet.
It is considered more reactive than the analogous platinum compound.
Complexes of CuF such as [(Ph3P)3CuF] are, however, known and well characterised.
The hexahydrate GdCl3∙6H2O is commonly encountered and is sometimes also called gadolinium trichloride.
It is especially efficient and general when employed as a-cyclometalated palladium mesylate precatalyst complex, XPhos-G3-Pd, which is commercially available and stable to bench storage.
4H-pyran easily disproportionates to the corresponding dihydropyran and the pyrylium ion, which is easily hydrolyzed in aqueous medium.
It is on the list of substances prohibited by the World Anti-Doping Agency since it is a detectable metabolite of nandrolone, an anabolic-androgenic steroid.
It differs from valproic acid simply by lacking a 3-carbon side-chain.
Creatine is a derivative of the guanidinium cation.
The two compounds are double bond isomers.
Like many iodides of the heavier main group elements, its structure depends on the phase.
Fluoroboric acid is corrosive and attacks the skin.
Hydroxymethylbilane, also known as preuroporphyrinogen, is a molecule involved in the metabolism of porphyrin.
It is one of the most widely used herbicides in US and Australian agriculture.
It is an oxidizing agent, capable of causing fire on contact with organic materials.
It is one of the 16 stereoisomers of 2,3,4,5,6-pentahydroxyhexanoic acid.
It is actively imported into the endoplasmic reticulum of cells via glucose transporters.
It can be synthesized or extracted from the Doñana, C. macromeris v. runyonii, C. elephantidens, and other related members of the Cactaceae family.
It is also closely related to 2C-N.
It was originally invented in the Soviet Union, but remained classified until it was discovered independently in the United States in 1989 at SRI International.
It is a structural isomer of the alternant PAH pyrene.
This colorless, odorless, nonflammable gas is produced both industrially and particularly biologically.
Sodium persulfate is the inorganic compound with the formula Na2S2O8.
It has been sold under the tradenames HiTEC® 3000, Cestoburn and Ecotane.
Ethoxyquin is also used in some spices to prevent color loss due to oxidation of the natural carotenoid pigments.
The commercially available "sodium hydroxide" is often this monohydrate, and published data may refer to it instead of the anhydrous compound.
M6P is a key targeting signal for acid hydrolase precursor proteins that are destined for transport to lysosomes.
It is used as macroinitiator to initiate the copolymerisation of HEMA and DMAEMA.
It has the appearance of reddish brown crystals with melting point 199 °C and maximum absorption at 520(357) nm.
It is one of several nitrogen oxides.
Neutral red is a eurhodin dye used for staining in histology.
Lactose is a disaccharide sugar composed of galactose and glucose that is found in milk.
These are ionic liquids based on imidazole chemistry.
Supplementation may be done to treat or prevent osteoporosis or rickets.
However electrons can easily move between the layers, unlike in other two dimensional semiconductors.
o-Xylene is an aromatic hydrocarbon, based on benzene with two methyl substituents bonded to adjacent carbon atoms in the aromatic ring.
Cholesteryl nonanoate, also called cholesteryl pelargonate, 3β-cholest-5-en-3-ol nonaoate or cholest-5-ene-3-β-yl nonanoate, is an ester of cholesterol and nonanoic acid.
Potassium fulminate is the potassium salt of the fulminate ion.
Tris(benzyltriazolylmethyl)amine is a tertiary amine containing the 1,2,3-triazole moiety.
Benzoin is synthesized from benzaldehyde in the benzoin condensation.
The styrene/butadiene ratio influences the properties of the polymer: with high styrene content, the rubbers are harder and less rubbery.
It is also the most available soluble derivative of indium.
A higher concentration of DCS:NH3, usually results in lower stress nitride films.
Due to this property, dibutyl ether is used as solvent in various chemical reactions and processes.
Because of this, there is nearly an equal amount of both substances in the cell at all times.
In DNA, guanine is paired with cytosine.
It is one of the most stable organic peroxides.
This colourless liquid is used in perfumery.
The vapor pressure is 0.05 mbar at 20 °C but increases greatly with temperature.
Benzothiepines have one fused benzene group and dibenzothiepines such as dosulepin and zotepine have two fused benzene groups.
Although it is used as a dietary supplement, there is no clear evidence that consuming resveratrol affects life expectancy or human health.
As of 1999, Imidacloprid was the most widely used insecticide in the world.
It is also used in the plastic industry.
The anhydrous form is not commonly encountered, thus "nickel nitrate" usually refers to nickel(II) nitrate hexahydrate.
It relieves pain and spasms of smooth muscles.
The TASF reagent or tris(dimethylamino)sulfonium difluorotrimethylsilicate is a reagent in organic chemistry with structural formula [((CH3)2N)3S]+[F2Si(CH3)3]−.
Pyruvate, the conjugate base, CH3COCOO−, is a key intermediate in several metabolic pathways.
The major points include the CNS, Liver, Anterior Pituitary, Muscle, and Platelets.
It contributes no colour to fluoronium salts.
Food import concerns have been raised because some countries may have still been using endrin as a pesticide.
In the United States the FDA has raised concerns about eye issues in the baby if used during pregnancy.
In organic synthesis, VOF3 is often used for the oxidative coupling of phenolic rings, for example in the syntheses of vancomycin and its analogues.
It is a white, high-melting ionic compound, which is deliquescent and highly water-soluble.
Lanthanum carbonate, La2(CO3)3, is the salt formed by lanthanum(III) cations and carbonate anions.
It can also be extracted from the beta-carotene rich algae, Dunaliella salina.
The chemical compound ethyl nitrite is an alkyl nitrite.
Menthoxypropanediol is a synthetic derivative of menthol.
Inhibition of 5-lipoxygenase may reduce the gastrointestinal toxicity associated with other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, which only inhibit cyclooxygenase.
Mercury telluride is a binary chemical compound of mercury and tellurium.
In the United Kingdom a typical dose costs the NHS less than 10 pounds a month.
It possesses an odor similar to pyridine and is soluble in water, alcohols and diethyl ether.
              H
Diquat is a contact herbicide that produces desiccation and defoliation most often available as the dibromide, diquat dibromide.
The closure of the wound or cut is quick and the product has inherently some valuable bacteriostatic properties.
Hydrogen sulfide is the chemical compound with the formula H
In his book PiHKAL, both the dosage and duration are unknown.
Polyvinyl chloride acetate is a thermoplastic copolymer of vinyl chloride and vinyl acetate.
It has a variety of other uses: for example, Epsom salt is also effective in the removal of splinters.
Dry ammonium permanganate can detonate by heat, shock, or friction, and it may explode at temperatures above 140 °F.
Uranium nitride refers to a family of several ceramic materials: uranium mononitride, uranium sesquinitride and uranium dinitride.
Epsom salt can also be used as a beauty product.
The mixture, as well as the pure compounds, are oils with a pleasant odor.
It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company UCB.
It is a colorless, faint ethereal, and sweetish-odor liquid that boils around room temperature.
When crystallised from water, it forms a hexahydrate, but it dehydrates above room temperature.
XCT-790 is a potent and selective inverse agonist ligand of the estrogen-related receptor alpha.
It is deliquescent and upon heating, it decomposes to form magnesium oxide.
It is an onium ion because of its tetravalent nitrogen atom and +1 charge, similar in that regard to ammonium.
It reacts with lithium metal to give n-butyllithium:
Bixin is chemically unstable when isolated and converts via isomerization into trans-bixin, the double-bond isomer.
Tryptamine is found in trace amounts in the brains of mammals and is hypothesized to play a role as a neuromodulator or neurotransmitter.
It has been proposed that it is the anticonvulsant agent in valerian.
It contains a ferrocene moiety in its backbone, and is related to other bridged diphosphines such as 1,2-bis(diphenylphosphino)ethane.
This colourless, viscous liquid is a valuable Lewis acid and a component of the superacid fluoroantimonic acid, the strongest known acid.
People with diabetes produce it in larger amounts.
A related conversion that utilizes both HS-CoB and HS-CoM is the reduction of fumarate to succinate, catalyzed by fumarate reductase:
CBC is known to interact with many receptors in the brain.
It is formed from isovaleryl-coenzyme A by isovaleryl coenzyme A dehydrogenase.
EBDB was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
1,2-Butanediol is a vic-diol first described by Charles-Adolphe Wurtz in 1859.
Carbohydrazide is the chemical compound with the formula OC(N2H3)2.
At 145 °C the material melted, yielding a cloudy fluid, which changed to the originally expected clear liquid at 178.5 °C.
An alternate route that allows synthesis of the parent barrelene system and a variety of substituted barrelenes has also been reported
IdoA may be modified by the addition of an O-sulfate group at carbon position 2 to form 2-O-sulfo-L-iduronic acid.
It can be prepared by partial neutralisation of an aqueous solution of sodium bicarbonate or carbonate with citric acid.
It is highly sensitive to friction, heat and shock and is mainly used as a trigger for other explosives in percussion caps and blasting caps.
It is primarily used as an easily handled form of hydroxylamine, which is explosive when pure.
It releases 20% more energy than traditional HMX-based propellants, and is widely superior to conventional high-energy propellants and explosives.
Sulfuric acid has a wide range of applications including in domestic acidic drain cleaners, as an electrolyte in lead-acid batteries and in various cleaning agents.
Later, it was used by chemists such as Glauber, Priestley, and Davy in their scientific research.
This mixture of branched nonenes is used in the alkylation of phenol to produce nonylphenol, a precursor to detergents, which are also controversial pollutants.
Anhydrous methods of producing the acid were developed by Carol Schmidt:
Produced artificially, it is a colorless, volatile, pungent liquid at standard temperature and pressure.
This reaction is catalyzed by the enzyme glutathione reductase.
The discovery of adamantane in petroleum in 1933 launched a new field of chemistry dedicated to studying the synthesis and properties of polyhedral organic compounds.
It is synthesized by treatment of antimony trichloride and methyl Grignard reagent.
It is found on N-linked glycans on the mammalian, insect and plant cell surface, and is the fundamental sub-unit of the fucoidan polysaccharide.
BMAA is a neurotoxin and its potential role in various neurodegenerative disorders is the subject of scientific research.
Often abbreviated OPA, the molecule is a dialdehyde, consisting of two formyl groups attached to adjacent carbon centres on a benzene ring.
Use of strong enough acid solution, for example, concentrated sulfuric acid, can generate the protonated form, which then exists as the octahedral TcO3(OH)(H2O)2 dihydrate complex.
Isobutyl nitrite, C4H9NO2, is an alkyl nitrite, an ester of isobutanol and nitrous acid.
Sulfuryl chloride is not found in nature, as can be inferred from its rapid hydrolysis.
Currently available as trade name tablet Loftyl
beta- and gamma-terpineol differ only by the location of the double bond.
According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, as of 2006 there was "limited evidence in experimental animals" that it is a carcinogen.
It is used in organic synthesis for the introduction of thiol groups in molecules
Cadaverine is also known by the names 1,5-pentanediamine and pentamethylenediamine.
Approximately 150,000 tonnes were produced in 1999.
It forms yellow crystals in pure form; however, the color of impure forms may vary from dark yellow to green to dark brown.
Bromodifluoromethane or Halon 1201 or FC-22B1 is a gaseous trihalomethane or a hydrobromofluorocarbon.
It is isomeric with 2-hydroxybenzoic acid, known as salicylic acid, a precursor to aspirin.
It is a compound of the chemical element argon.
SiCl4 + 4 EtOH → Si(OEt)4 + 4 HCl
In physiological literature, it is listed by its lipid number, 18:3, and; its isomer GLA is 18:3.
Isopropylbenzylamine is not thought to have any stimulant effects in its own right however, and its toxicity is unknown.
Zearalenone, also known as RAL and F-2 mycotoxin, is a potent estrogenic metabolite produced by some Fusarium and Gibberella species.
Penguinone is an organic compound with the molecular formula C
On the other hand, the monoanion of ethylenedione, OCCO−, as well as the divalent anion C
As such, inhibitors of FAAH lead to elevated anandamide levels and are being pursued for therapeutic use.
The first conduritol was isolated in 1908 by K. Kübler from the bark of the vine Marsdenia condurango, hence its name.
From there, the oxide is heated in an atmosphere of hydrogen, reducing the tungsten to elemental powder, leaving behind water vapor.
If necessary, the compound can be purified by distillation from potassium hydroxide.
Acute intermittent porphyria causes an increase in urinary porphobilinogen.
Salen is the abbreviation for a popular chelating ligand used in coordination chemistry and homogeneous catalysis.
This sulfonic acid on oxidation with bleaching powder or with lead peroxide, in alkaline solution yields chloramine yellow, which dyes cotton a beautiful yellow.
The ester formed from 1-pentanol and butyric acid is pentyl butyrate, which smells like apricot.
            
It is a colourless liquid that burns with a green flame.
Barium borate is an inorganic compound, a borate of barium with a chemical formula BaB2O4 or Ba(BO2)2.
It is an ionic compound consisting of two anions of gluconate for each zinc(II) cation.
This weakens the reduction potential of the compound, and the two developers have markedly different character.
The complex was first described by Alfred Werner who isolated this salt as yellow-gold needle-like crystals.
Clothianidin is an alternative to organophosphate, carbamate, and pyrethroid pesticides.
Leu-enkephalin is an endogenous opioid peptide neurotransmitter with the amino acid sequence Tyr-Gly-Gly-Phe-Leu that is found naturally in the brains of many animals, including humans.
Due to its fluorescence, Indian yellow is especially vivid and bright in sunlight.
Bacillosamine is a rare amino sugar first discovered in Bacillus subtilis.
Ocimenes are a group of isomeric hydrocarbons.
         
Electrical resistivity, opacity, etc, can change up several orders.
Free M1G is also biomarker for oxidative stress.
However it is still notable as an early proof of concept, which led to the discovery of a number of related antiviral drugs.
Cyclic di-GMP is not known to be used by archaea, and has only been observed in eukaryotes in Dictyostelium.
Benzyl benzoate is available as a generic medication.
Various esters of nonanol, such as nonyl acetate, are used in perfumery and flavors.
It is also one of the components of vanilla.
Although the selenates are much more toxic, many physical properties of sodium selenate and sodium sulfate are similar.
Unlike conventional 1,4-benzodiazepines, GYKI-52466 and related 2,3-benzodiazepines do not act on GABAA receptors.
Examples are the hydronium ion in water-based acids, and H
As a liquid, it is easier to handle than the commonly used N,N′-dicyclohexylcarbodiimide, a waxy solid.
The methyl and ethyl esters, which are quite stable, are produced on a large scale industrially as precursors to dyes.
It is used for controlling fungus diseases which attack lawns and turf, cereals, coffee, and a wide variety of vegetables and other crops.
Saclofen is a competitive antagonist for the GABAB receptor.
This tricarboxylic acid occurs naturally as a component of the iron-molybdenum cofactor of certain nitrogenase proteins.
Kavain is the main kavalactone found mostly in the roots of the kava plant.
The particles then can be easily removed, which is helped by their fluorescence.
Ammonium dichromate is the inorganic compound with the formula2Cr2O7.
It is a powerful fluorinating agent and an ionizing inorganic solvent.
Ryanodine is a poisonous diterpenoid found in the South American plant Ryania speciosa.
Green S is prohibited as a food additive in Canada, United States, Japan, and Norway.
Isohumulones are chemical compounds that contribute to the bitter taste of beer and are in the class of compounds known as iso-alpha acids.
Strontium nitrate is an inorganic compound made of the elements strontium and nitrogen with the formula Sr(NO3)2.
It is an intermetallic compound, meaning that it has properties intermediate between an ionic compound and an alloy.
The name originates from the Greek word μᾶλον meaning 'apple'.
Reflecting its high oxidation state, FeO42− is a powerful oxidizing agent.
Marketed as a mosquito repellent by Godrej as "GoodKnight Silver Power" and SC Johnson as "All Out" in India.
It is currently marketed by Bayer CropScience and Kuo Ching under various trade names: Ficam, Dycarb, Garvox, Turcam, Niomil, Seedox, Tattoo
The cation is unimportant, but the sodium salt is most available.
It may also be regarded as the cupric salt of phosphoric acid.
This colourless solid is a powerful lachrymator as well as a useful precursor to other organic compounds.
An unequivocally AI-2 related behavior was found to be restricted primarily to organisms bearing known AI-2 receptor genes.
It was discovered in the labs of Chugai Pharma.
In the United States a month's supply is less than 25 USD.
Purpurin is also called verantin, smoke Brown G, hydroxylizaric acid, and C.I.
Zeatin has several anti-aging effects on human skin fibroblasts.
When occurring as a mineral, it is called sassolite.
This compound is sometimes called 1,2-propylene oxide to distinguish it from its isomer 1,3-propylene oxide, better known as oxetane.
The chemical compound is an anti-coagulant with active half-life longer than warfarin and other synthetic indandione anticoagulants.
Tris(ethylenediamine)cobalt(III) chloride is a coordination complex with the formula [Co(en)3]Cl3.
DPPH is a common abbreviation for the organic chemical compound 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl.
There are two isomers of nerolidol, cis and trans, which differ in the geometry about the central double bond.
Ammonium bicarbonate is an inorganic compound with formulaHCO3, simplified to NH5CO3.
Roquefortine C is a mycotoxin that belongs to a class of naturally occurring 2,5-diketopiperazines produced by various fungi, particularly species from the Penicillium genus.
It is a red solid with a metallic lustre, which resembles copper in appearance.
Poly(vinyl alcohol) is a water-soluble synthetic polymer.
in which cycloadducts of acyl nitroso species are synthesized.
The availability of such simpler tests in turn gave rise to greater government oversight and testing of compounds to which the public would be exposed.
Erythrulose is more expensive, and difficult to obtain.
It is similar in structure to DOB.
Carbon disulfide is a colorless volatile liquid with the formula CS2.
In the solid state TbCl3 has the YCl3 layer structure.
Guaiacol is a naturally occurring organic compound with the formula C6H4(OH)(OCH3), first isolated by Otto Unverdorben in 1826.
Oxazoline is a five-membered heterocyclic chemical compound containing one atom each of oxygen and nitrogen.
In solution, its color ranges from yellow in strong acidic pH through reddish-purple in weakly acidic solutions to blue-purple in alkaline solutions.
In this way, it enters the Krebs cycle, and is thus part of one of the anaplerotic reactions.
Tetrasodium pyrophosphate is used in commercial dental rinses before brushing to aid in plaque reduction.
Hydrazoic acid, also known as hydrogen azide or azoimide, is a compound with the chemical formula HN3.
4-Hydroxybenzoic acid, also known as p-hydroxybenzoic acid, is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, a phenolic derivative of benzoic acid.
          
H2SO5 is sometimes confused with H2S2O8, known as peroxydisulfuric acid.
It is relatively unstable and isomerizes into the conjugated trans-2-hexenal.
Trifluoromethylisocyanide is the chemical compound with the formula CF3NC.
Like the boron oxides, B2S3 readily forms glasses when blended with other sulfides such as P4S10.
The compound has many names, reflecting its long history.
It is an organophosphorus compound, specifically a phosphonate.
Erythrulose/DHA reacts with the amino acids in the proteins of the first layers of skin.
As a supplement it is used to treat and prevent thiamine deficiency and disorders that result from it, including beriberi, Korsakoff's syndrome, and Korsakoff's psychosis.
Silver azide is the chemical compound with the formula AgN3.
In lab rats, it was found that punicic acid was converted to the CLA rumenic acid.
DHA is a major fatty acid in brain phospholipids and the retina.
Jet fuel, aviation turbine fuel, or avtur, is a type of aviation fuel designed for use in aircraft powered by gas-turbine engines.
Radium bromide is the bromide salt of radium, with the formula RaBr2.
Secoisolariciresinol diglucoside is an antioxidant phytoestrogen present in flax, sunflower, sesame, and pumpkin seeds.
In recent years, however, a kinetically stabilized silabenzene and other heavy aromatic compounds with silicon or germanium atoms have been reported.
Mirfentanil is a fentanyl derivative with strong selectivity for the μ opioid receptor.
Though ONPG mimics lactose and is hydrolyzed by β-galactosidase, it is unable to act as an inducer for the lac operon.
HMB is also contained in several nutritional products, including certain formulations of Ensure, Juven, and Myoplex.
In the unexposed regions of the resist film, the DNQ acts as a dissolution inhibitor and the resist remains insoluble in the aqueous base developer.
Crude phorone can be purified by repeated recrystallization from ethanol or ether, in which it is soluble.
Thiazyl fluoride, NSF, is a colourless, pungent gas that is unstable at room temperature.
In organic chemistry, a chlorin is a large heterocyclic aromatic ring consisting, at the core, of three pyrroles and one pyrroline coupled through four =CH- linkages.
MDEA is also resistant to thermal and chemical degradation and is largely immiscible with hydrocarbons.
Pi-Pr3 is similar to the more frequently used tricyclohexylphosphine.
It blocks the effects of GHB in animals and has both anti-sedative and anticonvulsant effects.
Extensive hydrogen bonding exists within the layer but between layers the only interactions are Van der Waals forces.
All attempts at its synthesis have been unsuccessful.
It also occurs in small quantities in geranium, lemon, and many other essential oils.
MPPF, with the full name 2'-methoxyphenyl-(N-2'-pyridinyl)-p-fluoro-benzamidoethyipiperazine, is a compound that binds to the serotonin-1A receptor.
Bromodeoxyuridine is a synthetic nucleoside that is an analog of thymidine.
In the laboratory, it has fewer synthetic chemical applications than quaternary ammonium salts containing longer N-alkyl substituents, which are used extensively as phase-transfer catalysts.
Tween and Tween 20 are registered trademarks of Croda Americas,
It is composed of a cysteine residue with an acetylated amino group linked to glucosamine, which is then linked to inositol.
Oxepane is a heterocyclic chemical compound with the formula C
Biosynthetically, it is produced from demethylmacrocin by demethylmacrocin O-methyltransferase and is converted to tylosin, an antibiotic used in veterinary medicine, by macrocin O-methyltransferase.
In Canada, the medication has been approved for use by Health Canada since February 10, 2012.
BCB-based polymer dielectrics may be spun on or applied to various substrates for use in Micro Electro-Mechanical Systems and microelectronics processing.
It does so by inhibiting the hedgehog signaling pathway.
GYKI-52466 is a 2,3-benzodiazepine that acts as an ionotropic glutamate receptor antagonist, which is a non-competitive AMPA receptor antagonist, orally-active anticonvulsant, and skeletal muscle relaxant.
Glucose is stored as a polymer, in plants as starch and in animals as glycogen.
It is known to be harmful to aquatic animals, and can cause eggshell thinning in various species of birds.
Lithium oxide is formed along with small amounts of lithium peroxide when lithium metal is burned in the air and combines with oxygen:
The molecule consists of a cyclohexene ring with a methylene bridge between C-3 and C-6.
It is a strong acid with a weakly coordinating, non-oxidizing conjugate base.
Phosphohydroxypyruvic acid is an intermediate in the synthesis of serine.
3-Hydroxypentanoic acid, or beta-hydroxypentanoate is a 5-carbon ketone body.
Because of this reaction, many derivatives are known with the formula 2-X-C6H4CH2N(CH3)2.
It was first discovered by destructive distillation of the plant extract catechin.
•OH + RH → H2O + R•
It is a colorless, sublimable hygroscopic solid, although older samples tend to be hydrated.
Like other tungsten halides, WO2Cl2 is sensitive to moisture, undergoing hydrolysis.
This compound has frequently been used as a biomarker for the presence of algal matter in the environment.
The remaining structure is called an adenine residue, as part of a larger molecule.
This genus is defined as aerobic, Gram-positive, nonacid-fast actinomycetes with fragmenting substrate mycelium.
Chlorous acid is an inorganic compound with the formula HClO2.
As such, farnesol and its derivatives are important starting compounds for both natural and artificial organic synthesis.
competitive nonselective phosphodiesterase inhibitor which raises intracellular cAMP, activates PKA, inhibits TNFα and leukotriene synthesis, and reduces inflammation and innate immunity, and
Side effects from excessive doses include weight loss, trouble tolerating heat, sweating, anxiety, trouble sleeping, tremor, and fast heart rate.
It is synthesized by a reaction between methyl 2-keto-D-gluconate and sodium methoxide.
It is toxic if inhaled or swallowed.
Cacodyl, also known as dicacodyl or tetramethyldiarsine,2As—As(CH3)2, is an organoarsenic compound that constitutes a major part of "Cadet's fuming liquid".
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of 4-HO-MET.
Genipin is a chemical compound found in gardenia fruit extract.
Pure capsaicin is a non-volatile, hydrophobic, colorless, highly pungent, crystalline to waxy compound.
Diatrizoate, also known as amidotrizoate, is a contrast agent used during X-rays.
It is an inhibitor of both acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase.
Trichotomine is a bright blue pigment found in the berries of the plant Clerodendrum trichotomum, which is native to China and Japan.
This amino sugar is a constituent of some glycoprotein hormones such as follicle-stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone.
The acid has few applications, but its conjugate base, the azide ion, is useful in specialized processes.
It is a component of many common weedkillers.
At room temperature and atmospheric pressure, Tin Telluride exists in NaCl-like cubic crystal phase, known as β-SnTe.
Its chemical formula is C6H14O or C6H13OH.
Triruthenium dodecacarbonyl is the chemical compound with the formula Ru3(CO)12.
Mercury selenide is a chemical compound of mercury and selenium.
The salts and esters of pristanic acid are called pristanates.
One, below 279 °C crystallizes in orthorhombic crystal system with lattice constants a = 0.927 nm, b = 0.581 nm, c = 0.753 nm.
Propionyl-CoA is a coenzyme A derivative of propionic acid.
It is the most important commercial compound of antimony.
Its amphiphilic properties help this substance to survive in both hydrophilic and hydrophobic environments.
3,4-Dichlorobicyclo[3.2.1]oct-2-ene is a chemical compound used in the synthesis of bicyclo[3.2.1]octan-2-one.
Bisabolol is also demonstrated to enhance the percutaneous absorption of certain molecules.
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of IRIS.
The compound was first prepared by thermolysis of the ammonium salt [C4H7NMe3]OH.
The test subjects used either the trolamine salicylate product or a placebo while engaging in an exercise regimen designed to induce muscle soreness.
Biphenyl is insoluble in water, but soluble in typical organic solvents.
The 15 carbon unsaturated side chain compound found in the cashew plant is lethal to Gram positive bacteria.
      
It is a white powder which is used in paper manufacturing.
Amyl nitrite is a chemical compound with the formula C5H11ONO.
In metabolism, nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide is involved in redox reactions, carrying electrons from one reaction to another.
It is the only stable alkali metal nitride.
In his book PiHKAL, the dosage range is listed as 350 mg, and the duration unknown.
This serves to relieve the redness of the eye caused by minor ocular irritants.
This compound forms pale yellow solid crystals when crystallized from benzene and ether.
Undecane may also be used as an internal standard in gas chromatography when working with other hydrocarbons.
It is the weakest base among the alkali metal hydroxides.
Alternative applications include the development of additives that could be utilized as anti-oxidants in general.
Pure Food and Drug Act of June 30, 1906.
It has a molecular weight of 195.2 and the chemical formula is C6H13NO4S.
Polybrene is also used in enzyme kinetic assays in order to reduce spontaneous activation of zymogens that are prone to auto activation.
However, for simplicity, the water molecules are omitted from here-on.
Aniline is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NH2.
It is a glycoside produced from glucose and lauryl alcohol.
In a broader sense, the term isoquinoline is used to make reference to isoquinoline derivatives.
            
Shikimic acid, more commonly known as its anionic form shikimate, is a cyclohexene, a cyclitol and a cyclohexanecarboxylic acid.
It is classified as a nitrile herbicide, and as such sold under many trade names.
It crystallizes in the NaCl crystal structure with Pb atoms occupying the cation and Te forming the anionic lattice.
An alternate spelling, retinol palmitate, which violates the -yl organic chemical naming convention for esters, is also frequently seen.
Thiamine was discovered in 1897, isolated in 1926, and first made in 1936.
Deferoxamine, sold under the brand name Desferal, is a medication that binds iron and aluminium.
NAADP acts across phyla from plants to man.
It is a white solid that is used mainly for electroplating zinc but also has more specialized applications for the synthesis of organic compounds.
In 2011, Teva announced its clinical trials involving laquinimod had failed, being unable to significantly reduce relapses in MS among patients beyond a placebo.
It is currently not approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in the United States.
It is an isomer of 2,6-xylidine and 3,4-xylidine.
It is a colorless liquid with lacrymatory properties.
Some of the carboxyl groups are esterified with propylene glycol, some are neutralized with an appropriate alkali, and some remain free.
Palladium on carbon, often referred to as Pd/C, is a form of palladium used as a catalyst.
As an herbicide, it is used to control broad-leaved weeds and annual grasses in vegetable crops such as leeks, potatoes, and dwarf French beans.
Protopanaxadiol is an organic compound characterizing a group of ginsenosides.
Disodium glutamate, abbreviated DSG, is a sodium salt of glutamic acid.
Structurally, the molecule consists of cyclopropane fused to cyclobutane.
Alone, it is used as a flavoring for food.
It stains acid mucins to yellow color.
Nitroindazole acts as a selective inhibitor for neuronal nitric oxide synthase, a hemoprotein enzyme that, in neuronal tissue, converts arginine to citrulline and nitric oxide.
Tabtoxin, also known as wildfire toxin, is a simple monobactam biotoxin produced by Pseudomonas syringae.
Octyl gallate is the ester of 1-octanol and gallic acid.
The uranium-bearing solution is then decanted and directed to a solvent extraction process for further purification.
These represent ideal biomarkers for monitoring elastin turnover because these special cross-links are only found in mature elastin in mammals.
The compound has been of interest to research chemists because of its unusual electronic structure and its role as a ligand precursor.
It is used in manufacturing of high-vacuum resistant rubber and for extraction of temperature-sensitive substances.
This colorless solid features the sulfonyl functional group and is considered relatively inert chemically.
It has a bond order of 1, an internuclear separation of 267.3 pm and a bond energy of 101 kJ mol−1 or 1.03eV in each bond.
It is a steroid demethylation inhibitor, specifically inhibiting ergosterol biosynthesis.
In experiments, it is used to counter glutamate excitotoxicity.
The related difluoro- and trifluoroethanols are far less dangerous.
It is a clear colorless liquid with a sharp, irritating odor.
Characterization, purity, and analytical methods for commercial isomaltulose are laid down, for example, in the Food Chemicals Codex.
Triethylammonium acetate is a volatile buffering agent, which, when diluted in water, maintains pH at about 7.
It is also known as E number E102, C.I.
Acid solutions of TiO are stable for a short time then decompose to give hydrogen:
Boron nitride has potential use in nanotechnology.
4-HO-MET was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Perchlorate is a powerful oxidizer and ammonium is a good fuel.
It was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin, sometimes used as an entheogen.
Its drawback is that it is difficult to make and therefore more expensive than other food packaging.
Phycourobilin is found in marine phycobilisome containing organisms, allowing them to efficiently absorb blue-green light.
PVF has low permeability for vapors, burns very slowly, and has excellent resistance to weathering and staining.
It can be prepared by the reaction of 1,5-dibromopentane with sodium sulfide.
The alternate name "silver carbide" is rarely used, although the analogous calcium compound CaC2 is called calcium carbide.
Triosmium dodecacarbonyl is a chemical compound with the formula Os3(CO)12.
It is the potassium salt of lactic acid.
Also, it is broadly employed as a strong base in the synthesis of organic compounds as in the pharmaceutical industry.
It is a white to creamy white crystalline powder.
Indium(III) sulfate3) is a sulfate salt of the metal indium.
Malonyl-CoA is a coenzyme A derivative of malonic acid.
The carbonyl group can undergo the usual reactions.
Chemically, lichenin consists of repeating glucose units linked by β-1,3 and β-1,4 glycosidic bonds.
The popularity of TSQ as physiological stain rose after seminal works by Christopher Frederickson two decades later.
As of 2001, atrazine was the most commonly detected pesticide contaminating drinking water in the United States.
This diamine is a precursor to a ligand for certain homogeneous hydrogenation catalysts.
In a DNA double helix, it will base pair with deoxyguanosine monophosphate.
It usually operates at temperature of 1450 °C.
It has been used as a solvent probe, similar to pyrene.
Although lycopene is chemically a carotene, it has no vitamin A activity.
The fungicide was marketed for use against Phytophthora infestans.
It was used as a tear gas in World War I.
Moisture-curable polymers are used as electrical insulation in some kinds of cables and for water pipe in under-floor heating installations.
The α- β phase transition is accompanied by a change in electrical conductivity.
This light yellow solid is insoluble in most organic solvents, but sublimes readily.
As with other sulfonic acids, TsOH is a strong organic acid.
Chemically, red lead is Pb3O4, or 2 PbO·PbO2.
Hydrolysis to the phosphate ion is very slow even in concentrated acid with warming, and even slower under basic conditions.
It is produced in small amounts by most plants and it acts as an attractant to many predatory insects.
Along with ammonium diuranate it was a component in early yellowcakes.
About 20 million kg are now synthetically produced annually as a commodity organic chemical, mainly as a precursor to pesticides, flavors, and fragrances.
As such, it was quickly taken up as a primary explosive in mining applications.
PFIB is a product of pyrolysis of polytetrafluoroethylene, one of the substances causing polymer fume fever.
It can be found in Camptotheca acuminata, in Euphorbia condylocarpa or in Consolida oliveriana.
Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, and is subject to strict reporting requirements by facilities which produce, store, or use it in significant quantities.
A structurally related compound known as β-bisabolol differs only in the position of the tertiary alcohol functional group.
Rosinidin is an O-methylated anthocyanidin derived from Cyanidin.
In his book PiHKAL, the minimum dosage consumed was 90 mg, and the duration is unknown.
Cinchonine is an alkaloid found in Cinchona officinalis.
It is an ester formed from the omega-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid and glycerol.
It is a precursor to many other compounds of commercial interest.
It is the acid fluoride of perchloric acid.
^ Sun, WJ; Li, JH; Liu, S; Wu, J; Zhou, H; Qu, LH; Yang, JH.
The refractive index at 20 °C is 1.393.
It is a nootropic, and has been in clinical trials for vascular dementia and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Trimethylaluminium is one of the simplest examples of an organoaluminium compound.
In mammals, there is enrichment of OGT transcripts in the pancreas beta-cells, and UDP-GlcNAc is thought to be part of the glucose sensing mechanism.
Alkoxides derived from bulkier alcohols such as isopropanol aggregate less.
The name of the catechin chemical family derives from catechu, which is the tannic juice or boiled extract of Mimosa catechu.
Phosgene oxime, or CX, is an organic compound with the formula Cl2CNOH.
Sulfolane was originally developed by the Shell Oil Company in the 1960s as a solvent to purify butadiene.
The chemical causes the precipitation of dissolved proteins, which is measured from the degree of turbidity.
The discovery of the essential role that this tetrasaccharide plays in the fertilization process was reported in August 2011.
This makes semiheavy water far more common than "normal" heavy water.
EPTA is the name of ethanolic phosphotungstic acid, its alcohol solution used in biology.
Chemically, it is the synthetic polymer of methyl methacrylate.
meta-Cresol, also 3-methylphenol, is an organic compound with the formula CH3C6H4(OH).
It is also a component of the jet fuel JP-9.
Concentrations of 8-oxo-dG within a cell are a measurement of oxidative stress.
The salt crystallizes with one molecule of water.
Both are obtained by doping cobalt(II) oxide into colorless host oxides.
It is a specific inhibitor of DNA polymerase A,D in eukaryotic cells and in some viruses and an apoptosis inducer in HeLa cells.
Escaline is the phenethylamine analog of 3C-E and the 4-ethoxy analog of mescaline.
It is the most effective UV absorber available measured by SPF, based on the maximum concentration permitted by European legislation.
Buckminsterfullerene is a spherical fullerene molecule with the formula C60.
Thyronine is a deiodinated form of thyroxine.
        
In 1963 a production vessel for 2,4,5-T exploded in the Philips-Duphar plant in the Netherlands.
It is less expensive than most sweeteners, including sucralose, and is stable under heating.
This lachrymatory liquid is moderately soluble in water and miscible in organic solvents.
Its high melting point leads to its use as a refractory.
Furthermore, twice as many DAPTA-treated patients improved, whereas twice as many placebo patients deteriorated.
It was registered for use in the United States during 1965.
This compound has been used as a biomarker for the presence of agricultural faecal matter in the environment.
The final uranium composition was from 0.008 to 0.1% by weight uranium with an average of about 0.02%.
It consists of a benzene ring substituted with an amino group and a carboxylic acid.
It is a member of the nonoxynol family of nonionic surfactants.
This liquid is a common synthetic intermediate used for the preparation of other compounds, and is also used as a solvent.
It is used as a reagent in the production of many organic compounds.
The frogs produce the toxin by modifying the original version, pumiliotoxin 251D.
Although no significant systemic effects are expected after dermal contact in normal agricultural or residential environments, local skin effects can not be excluded.
The most common and potent phorbol ester is 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate, also called phorbol-12-myristate-13-acetate, which is used as a biomedical research tool in models of carcinogenesis.
It is a white crystalline powder that is soluble in hot water, chloroform, and other polar solvents.
As a volatile fragrance oil, it is used in killing pests and bacteria.
The combination of long-chain hydrocarbon groups and the cationic ammonium confers surfactant- or a detergent-like properties.
It is the saturated analog of thiophene.
In his book PiHKAL, the dosage range is listed as 160–240 mg, and the duration as 3–5 hours.
The compound itself was first isolated from Brassica plants, hence the ending of the name.
It has many names including hydrated lime, caustic lime, builders' lime, slack lime, cal, or pickling lime.
The cluster anion has the geometry of an incomplete cubane-type cluster with C3v symmetry.
D also stabilizes the C2’-endo sugar conformation, which is more flexible than the C3’-endo conformation, and this effect is propagated to the 5’-neighboring residue.
It is the first and an unusual example of a compound with a Zn-Zn bond.
The commercial success of sucralose-based products stems from its favorable comparison to other low-calorie sweeteners in terms of taste, stability, and safety.
Iminodiacetic acid, HN(CH2CO2H)2, often abbreviated to IDA, is a dicarboxylic acid amine.
Inosine pranobex or methisoprinol) an antiviral drug that is a combination of inosine and dimepranol acedoben in a ratio of 1 to 3.
It has one ketone group and so is part of the ketose family.
BINOL has axial chirality and the two enantiomers can be readily separated and are stable toward racemisation.
The name is derived from that of a pine species from which the compound was isolated, Pinus longifolia
When used in impure form, such as warfare agents, they are usually yellow-brown and have an odor resembling mustard plants, garlic, or horseradish, hence the name.
Emodin is a purgative resin, 6-methyl-1,3,8-trihydroxyanthraquinone, from rhubarb, buckthorn and Japanese knotweed.
It is closely related to bisacodyl, sodium picosulfate, and phenolphthalein.
3,3'-Diaminobenzidine is an organic compound that is both chemically and thermodynamically stable.
It was likely first used by Dutch artists.
It is a colorless crystalline powder with little toxicity.
It is mainly converted in naphtha reformers to toluene.
Thionyl chloride and thionyl bromide have similar structures, although these compounds are liquid at room temperature.
This compound is an extension of the well known phenanthroline series of coordination compounds.
Ariadne, 4C-D, α-Et-2C-D, BL-3912 or Dimoxamine is a lesser-known psychedelic drug.
3-Mercapto-1-propanesulfonic acid is a chemical compound often used as a brightener in copper electroplating.
The dissociation of water decreases with falling temperature, but the dissociation constants of many other buffers do not change much with temperature.
It is a precursor to triazolylpinacolone in the synthesis of the fungicide triadimefon and in synthesis of the herbicide metribuzin.
It is a colorless oily liquid with the odor of almonds, which quickly darkens when exposed to air.
It is formed in vivo from the diffusion-controlled reaction of nitrogen monoxide and superoxide.
These are diamagnetic solids featuring octahedral Rh(III) centres.
Heme arginate is a heme compound, whereby L-arginine is added to prevent rapid degradation.
or by reacting zinc with iodine in aqueous solution:
Food orange 7, the ethyl ester of beta-apo-8'-carotenic acid, is a carotenoid with an orange-red color.
It was first discovered by Andreas Libavius and was known as spiritus fumans libavii.
The CH3C6H4SO2– group is known as the tosyl group and is often abbreviated as Ts or Tos.
It is less commonly known as melanic acid, the name chosen by William Prout.
These properties have made it attractive for a variety of uses in the chemical industry and at some point as an alternative medical treatment.
It is one of the dyes used in Masson's trichrome stain.
Triethyl phosphate is also a common intermediate in the manufacture of pesticides.
PB-1 is a high molecular weight, linear, isotactic, and semi-crystalline polymer.
1,8-Diazabicyclo[5.4.0]undec-7-ene, or more commonly DBU, is a chemical compound and belongs to the class of amidine compounds.
Despite the "chloro" of the name, chlorogenic acids contain no chlorine.
In February 2014, NASA announced a greatly upgraded database for tracking polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, including benz[a]anthracene, in the universe.
Acetaldehyde ammonia trimer is a chemical compound described by the formula3.
Nitric oxide is a molecular, chemical compound with chemical formula of ·NO.
It is one of four stable isomers of butanediol.
In this regard it is comparable to the tellurate ion from the adjacent period.
          
It is the 5-methylthio analog of DMT.
In this way, the overall reaction for the decomposition of ozone is catalyzed by chlorine, as ultimately chlorine remains unchanged.
The alkyl group may be saturated or unsaturated; anacardic acid is a mixture of saturated and unsaturated molecules.
Paraldehyde was first observed in 1835 by the German chemist Justus Liebig; its empirical formula was determined in 1838 by Liebig's student Hermann Fehling.
Metallic plutonium is produced by reacting plutonium tetrafluoride with barium, calcium or lithium at 1200 °C:
CH3COOH + Br2 + Red Phosphorus → CH2BrCOOH
It is a chelating ligand in coordination chemistry.
The phosphoric acid reacts with alcohol groups to form heat-unstable phosphate esters.
The absence of the repressor allows the transcription of the lac operon to proceed.
as a compound from autoclaved herring sperm DNA that had cell division-promoting activity.
Use in pregnancy is of unclear safety.
2-Imidazoline is one of three isomers of the nitrogen-containing heterocycle imidazoline, with the formula C3H6N2.
Tetraethyl orthosilicate, formally named tetraethoxysilane, is the chemical compound with the formula Si(OC2H5)4.
The monohydrate is a yellow solid and insoluble in water.
Its ester or salt is called an abietate.
Teflic acid has octahedral geometry and, Ignoring its bent Te-O-H bond, has point group symmetry C4v.
Accordingly, numerous world health associations and experts in developed countries recommend reducing consumption of popular salty foods.
It oxidises and nitrates aromatic compounds in low yield.
Isoamyl alcohol is a clear, colorless alcohol with the formula2CHCH2CH2OH.
Subsequent studies of the Raman vibrational spectrum indicated the presence of a cadmium–cadmium bond, which was confirmed by two separate X-Ray diffraction studies of single crystals.
Dogs are very sensitive to it and can detect as little as 0.5 parts per billion in the air, as can specialised ion mobility spectrometers.
Undecanol, also known by its IUPAC name 1-undecanol or undecan-1-ol, and by its trivial names undecyl alcohol and hendecanol, is a fatty alcohol.
It is the simplest member of the sulfenes, the group of compounds which are S,S-dioxides of thioaldehydes and thioketones, and have the general formula R2C=SO2.
4-Piperidone is used as an intermediate in the manufacture of chemicals and pharmaceutical drugs.
CrCl2 + 2 NaC5H5 → Cr(C5H5)2 + 2 NaCl
Phenanthridine is a nitrogen heterocyclic compound that is the basis of DNA-binding fluorescent dyes through intercalation.
If high doses are taken for a long period of time tissue calcification may occur.
This alkoxide of titanium(IV) is used in organic synthesis and materials science.
This includes ongoing observations on possible off-target harm to humans or ecosystems as well as the monitoring of resistance development.
It is a common salt but is mainly used in research.
Non-wastewaters from the production of dyes containing o-Anisidine are listed as RCRA hazardous waste, with the code K181.
Both ethanol and acetate have a protecting effect.
N-Formylpiperidine is an organic compound with the formula C6H11NO.
It is a potentially useful iron-chelating drug and has antimicrobial properties
Herbimycin is a benzoquinone ansamycin antibiotic that binds to Hsp90 and alters its function.
Re2O7 is the raw material for all rhenium compounds, being the volatile fraction obtained upon roasting the host ore.
In reality, the rubidium is typically present as a component of silicate or aluminosilicate.
Due to concerns about its toxicity, it is no longer present in consumer products.
Warm solutions of potassium chlorate and ammonium bitartrate are needed need warm solutions.
This causes hyperexcitation of contaminated insects' nerves and muscles.
It is a constituent of the lipopolysaccharide.
It has been in commercial use since 1957.
It is not effective against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and bacterial spores.
Even after 50 MEDs, 98.4% remains intact.
In contrast, silabenzene, a related heavy-element analogue of benzene, is not only air- and moisture-sensitive but also thermally unstable without extensive steric protection.
It is a colourless solid that dissolves in polar organic solvents.
Methyl isobutyl ketone is the organic compound with the formula2CHCH2C(O)CH3.
Other sugar constituents of FSH and LH include glucosamine, galactose and glucose.
Cholesterol, from the Ancient Greek chole- and stereos followed by the chemical suffix -ol for an alcohol, is an organic molecule.
Furthermore, since it naturally occurs in minute quantities, it can be used to determine the age of various water-based liquids, such as vintage wines.
The polymer is formed by a radical polymerization, using an organic peroxide as the initiator.
It also acts and may be used as a diuretic.
This colorless solid, which is formed by the deprotonation of methanol, is a widely used reagent in industry and the laboratory.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Heptacene is an organic compound and a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and the seventh member of the acene or polyacene family of linear fused benzene rings.
Isobutanol is an organic compound with the formula2CHCH2OH.
NaHS is a useful reagent for the synthesis of organic and inorganic sulfur compounds, sometimes as a solid reagent, and more often as an aqueous solution.
Sodium dichromate is the inorganic compound with the formula Na2Cr2O7.
It plays a role in transferring phospho-ribose groups in several reactions:
Polyhexanide is a polymer used as a disinfectant and antiseptic.
Both forms have similar odors and chemical properties.
Caesium perchlorate, CsClO4, is a perchlorate of caesium.
Carmustine for injection was earlier marketed under the name BiCNU by Bristol-Myers Squibb and now by Emcure Pharmaceuticals.
It exists as both a cis and a trans isomer, although the latter is more common.
It is the calcium salt of tartaric acid, an acid most commonly found in grapes.
A large number of efforts toward the total synthesis of-discodermolide were directed by its interesting biological activities and extreme scarcity of natural sources.
Selenocyanogen,2, prepared from reaction of silver selenocyanate with iodine in tetrahydrofuran at 0 °C, reacts in a similar manner to thiocyanogen.
Thus, only a single achiral stereoisomer exists for [Co(tren)X2]+, where X is halide or pseudohalide.
Benzylamine is an organic chemical compound with the condensed structural formula C6H5CH2NH2.
The reported ultrahigh hardness has been questioned, although this is a matter of definition as in the initial test rhenium diboride was able to scratch diamond.
Perfluorooctanesulfonic acid is an anthropogenic fluorosurfactant and global pollutant.
            
Manganese tetrafluoride, MnF4, is the highest fluoride of manganese.
Sodium carbonate is also used as a relatively strong base in various settings.
Ecdysteroids act as moulting hormones of arthropods but also occur in other related phyla where they can play different roles.
Galactan can be converted to galactose by hydrolysis.
Pteridine is a precursor in the synthesis of dihydrofolic acid in many microorganisms.
Being an alkane, 2-methylhexane is insoluble in water, but is soluble in many organic solvents, such as alcohols and ether.
It also acts as a cofactor in the synthesis of serine from glycine via the enzyme serine hydroxymethyltransferase.
It is unclear if it is safe for use during breastfeeding.
It is the conjugate acid of permanganate salts.
The challenge in the development of these processes is to find a suitable catalyst and process conditions which maximizes the formation of the target product.
Depending on its processing and thermal history, polyethylene terephthalate may exist both as an amorphous and as a semi-crystalline polymer.
It is a diamagnetic, orange solid that hydrolyses readily.
Gold(III) chloride, traditionally called auric chloride, is a chemical compound of gold and chlorine.
Chemically, it is a member of the chlorine oxide family of compounds, as well as being the anhydride of hypochlorous acid.
Being important cermet materials, tantalum carbides are commercially used in tool bits for cutting applications and are sometimes added to tungsten carbide alloys.
Lineatin is a pheromone produced by female striped ambrosia beetle, Trypodendron lineatum Olivier.
Levothyroxine, also known as L-thyroxine, is a manufactured form of the thyroid hormone, thyroxine.
The most used bafilomycin is bafilomycin A1.
Salts derived from hexafluorosilicic acid are called hexafluorosilicates.
It is the trimer of cyanogen chloride.
It is mainly used as a thin-film coaterial.
Benzoyl peroxide is in the peroxide family of chemicals.
It has limited use as a sedative and hypnotic pharmaceutical drug.
Isoproscaline or 4-(i)-propoxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenethylamine is an analogue of mescaline.
Sodium methoxide is a chemical compound with the formula CH3ONa.
It is almost insoluble in water and glycerin, but very soluble in ethanol.
Benzenehexol, also called hexahydroxybenzene, is an organic compound with formula C6H6O6 or C6(OH)6.
2-Heptanol is chiral, so- and- isomers exist.
Acrylamide is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U.S.
Like its many analogues, it is prepared by alcoholysis of silicon tetrachloride:
Chrysene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon with the molecular formula C
Aspartic acid, also known as aspartate, is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins.
It consists of two types of molecules: the linear and helical amylose and the branched amylopectin.
        
In its non-ionised form at low pHs, PAA may associate with various non-ionic polymers and form hydrogen-bonded interpolymer complexes.
It is a gray, red-grey, brown or black solid that is insoluble in water.
It is non-polar and therefore only slightly soluble, for example in acetone.
Uracil is a demethylated form of thymine.
Dietary fiber can bind to lithocholic acid and aid in its excretion in stool; as such, fiber can protect against colon cancer.
Beta-D was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Coumestrol was first identified as a compound with estrogenic properties by E. M. Bickoff in ladino clover and alfalfa in 1957.
The equilibrium mixture with an overall composition corresponding to H5P3O10 contains about 20% of triphosphoric acid.
Furfural  is an organic compound produced from a variety of agricultural byproducts, including corncobs, oat, wheat bran, and sawdust.
Strontium bromide is a chemical compound with a formula SrBr2.
2O cystallizes from water solutions between 12.3 and 61.8 °C.
Both isomers are soluble in simple alcohols, ethers, and chloroform.
Cyclohexylamine is an organic compound, belonging to the aliphatic amine class.
^ Seel, F.; Czerepinski, Ralph G.; Cady, George H.. "Potassium Fluorosulfite".
Amygdalin is a naturally occurring chemical compound, famous for falsely being promoted as a cancer cure.
Potassium tert-butoxide is the chemical compound with the formula K+(CH3)3CO−.
It occurs as a colorless liquid with a petrol-like odor.
42053, is a sea green triarylmethane food dye.
Poly(methyl acrylate) is a hydrophobic synthetic acrylate polymer.
It is a glycerol ester of stearic acid.
The high magnetism and high symmetry combine to make Gd3+ a useful component in NMR spectroscopy and MRI.
This includes ascariasis, hookworm infections, enterobiasis, trichostrongyliasis, and trichinellosis.
It is also found in blackcurrant buds.
It is also present in effluents from wood pulp and paper mills.
It is branded as Dynorm, Inhibace, Vascace and many other names in various countries.
Curdlan is a neutral β-(1,3)-glucan, perhaps with a few intra- or interchain 1,6-linkages, produced as an exopolysaccharide by soil bacteria of the family Rhizobiaceae.
In contrast to the other tetrahalides of titanium, it adopts a polymeric structure.
It has been demonstrated that CoS CEs can be also used in p-type DSSCs.
Paclobutrazol is a plant growth retardant and triazole fungicide.
Its efficacy as an antimicrobial agent, the risk of antimicrobial resistance, and its possible role in disrupted hormonal development remain controversial.
It is itself a low sensitivity explosive, similar to picric acid, but explodes upon rapid heating.
Chloral hydrate is a geminal diol with the formula C2H3Cl3O2.
The therapy exploits Prussian blue's ion exchange properties and high affinity for certain "soft" metal cations.
TeI4 + 2 CH3CN →2TeI3+ + I−
Cyclopentadienylindium(I), C5H5In, is an organoindium compound containing indium in the +1 oxidation state.
It is synthesised by human macrophages upon stimulation with the cytokine interferon-gamma and is indicative of a pro-inflammatory immune status.
In general, plant-based diets are low in purines.
It is a dimethoxy-ethoxy analog of TMA-2.
It was also reported that cerulenin specifically inhibited fatty acid biosynthesis in Saccharomyces cerevisiae without having an effect on sterol formation.
This common region, often referred to as the "message domain," is believed to be responsible for activating the receptor.
It is the product from the reaction of hydrochloric acid and ammonia.
Simple rapid heating of the hydrate causes partial hydrolysis to an oxychloride, DyOCl.
Brilliant Black BN, Brilliant Black PN, Brilliant Black A, Black PN, Food Black 1, Naphthol Black, C.I.
It is a yellow material that dissolves in such solvents as benzene, toluene, and dichloromethane.
The salt can be found naturally as the mineral bromargyrite.
The main difference between Aze and proline is the ring of Aze has four members and the ring of proline has five.
MSMA products are unique in that they combine selectivity, low weed-resistance, and cost-efficiency.
The MPRs are packed into vesicles that bud off the late endosome and return to the "trans"-Golgi network.
Poly(dichlorophosphazene), also called dichlorophosphazine polymer or phosphonitrilechloride polymer, is a chemical compound with formulan.
Adipic acid or hexanedioic acid is the organic compound with the formula4(COOH)2.
Chromium(II) oxide is an inorganic compound composed of chromium and oxygen.
It has also been used in the process of silvering mirrors.
Feuilloley, V. Papadopoulos, Structural and functional evolution of the translocator protein, Curr Mol Med, 12 369-386.
The liquid acquires a yellow color upon storage in air.
It is decomposed by water or moisture from the air, and was synthesized only in 1973 by high temperature and very high pressures.
Its stereoisomer, cis-vaccenic acid, is an omega-7 fatty acid, is found in Sea Buckthorn oil.
Benzo[c]phenanthrene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon with the chemical formula C18H12.
In another study published in 2011, pleuran reduced the incidence of upper respiratory tract infections and increased the number of circulating NK cells.
It slowly dissolves in water to give the green aquo complex [V(H2O)6]3+.
TMETN is miscible with ether and acetone.
^ Nakata, N.; Takeda, N.; Tokitoh, N.. "Synthesis and Structure of a Kinetically Stabilized 2-Germanaphthalene: The First Stable Neutral Germaaromatic Compound".
It can be prepared by dissolving the metal in hydrochloric acid.
It is isomeric with two other4N2 rings, pyrimidine and pyrazine.
More common, and far more important commercially, is arsenic(III) oxide.
It is used mainly as an experimental mutagen, but its deoxyriboside derivative is used to treat neoplasms.
Isopropylbenzylamine is a structural isomer of methamphetamine, and has the same molar mass.
Soman was the third of the so-called G-series nerve agents to be discovered along with GA, GB, and GF.
It is soluble in dimethyl sulfoxide and 100% ethanol.
Nitronium tetrafluoroborate is an inorganic compound with formula NO2BF4.
Quinaldine or 2-methylquinoline is an organic compound with the formula CH3C9H6N.
Manufacturing of iron phosphide takes place at elevated temperatures, where the elements combine directly.
Examples of bromates include sodium bromate,, and potassium bromate,.
Once formed, cubane is quite kinetically stable, due to a lack of readily available decomposition paths.
It is used as a food additive and has the E number E359.
It is one of the simplest unsaturated carbenes.
It is an inhibitor of respiratory kinase in plants, and increases post-harvest life of green vegetables.
Zeatin belongs to the family of plant-growth hormones called cytokinins and was discovered in immature corn kernels from the genus Zea.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 2.17 USD per one gm vial.
On February 22, 2014, NASA announced a greatly upgraded database for detecting and monitoring PAHs, including 1-methylnaphthalene, in the universe.
Sebacoyl chloride is corrosive; like all acyl chlorides, it hydrolyzes in water, evolving hydrogen chloride.
It is a volatile, colourless solid that has been used as a catalyst in some laboratory experiments.
Methyl is an organic compound with the chemical formula CH•
It is a colorless liquid with a flash point of 102 °C.
Sodium dehydroacetate is a compound with the formula Na(CH3C5HO(O2)(CH3)CO).
Thiobarbituric acid is an organic compound and a heterocycle.
The sensitivity of DDNP to friction is much less than that of mercury fulminate, but it is approximately that of lead azide.
Methidathion used as an insecticide in many countries to control caterpillars of Indarbela quadrinotata.
In his book PiHKAL, the minimum dosage is listed as 280 mg, and the duration unknown.
A common abbreviation for pivalyl) is Piv and for pivalic acidOH) is PivOH.
Bromine is in the +1 oxidation state.
Tin(II) selenide is a narrow band-gap semiconductor and has received considerable interest for applications including low-cost photovoltaics and memory-switching devices.
Octocrylene is an organic compound used as an ingredient in sunscreens and cosmetics.
When used as a refrigerant, R-114 is classified as a medium pressure refrigerant.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Not all users develop a tan coloration from erythrulose; some may find their fading is more uneven and blotchy when this ingredient is used.
2C-T-2 is a psychedelic and entactogenic phenethylamine of the 2C family.
Decamethyldizincocene is a colorless crystalline solid that burns spontaneously in the presence of oxygen and reacts with water.
Most of its complexes have the formula [M(9-ane-S3)2]2+ and are octahedral.
Applications in asymmetric synthesis have been reported.
This colorless crystalline organic acid is widely used in organic synthesis and functions as a plant hormone.
It was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin, sometimes used as an entheogen.
The enzyme does not cleave β-linked galactose, as in lactose.
When used as a test fuel component in anti-knock test engines, a 100% heptane fuel is the zero point of the octane rating scale.
Its mid-19th century use as a fuel for lamps was limited by its explosiveness.
Methiocarb is a carbamate pesticide which is used as a bird repellent, insecticide, acaricide and molluscicide since the 1960s.
Acetone is miscible with water and serves as an important solvent in its own right, typically for cleaning purposes in the laboratory.
The complex is held together by an extensive two-dimensional network of hydrogen bonds between the two compounds, reminiscent to that seen in DNA base pairing.
Ethyl nitrite is the main ingredient in a traditional ethanol-based South African remedy for colds and flu known as Witdulsies and sold in pharmacies.
The cubic structure is similar to that of manganese(III) oxide.
Iron phosphide reacts with moisture and acids causing dangerous effects.
Trimethylsilyldiazomethane,3SiCHN2, is a diazo compound widely used as a less-explosive replacement for diazomethane.
Calcium bicarbonate, also called calcium hydrogen carbonate, has a chemical formula Ca(HCO3)2.
It is a white solid ionic compound consisting of sodium cations Na+ and hydroxide anions OH−.
It is a white to yellow solid which rapidly absorbs water on exposure to moist air to form a hexahydrate, DyCl3.6H2O.
Arachidonic acid is a polyunsaturated omega-6 fatty acid 20:4(ω-6).
It is widely used as a red or blue phosphor in television sets and fluorescent lamps, and as an activator for yttrium-based phosphors.
Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, and is subject to strict reporting requirements by facilities which produce, store, or use it in significant quantities.
It consists of three five-membered rings fused across three of the five carbon atoms.
It is applied to the skin as a lotion.
Radioactivity was discovered using potassium uranyl sulfate, K2UO2(SO4)2.
It causes death by disruption of the central nervous system.
It is stereoisomeric with cymarose, and closely related to digitalose, which is obtained from digitalin by hydrolysis.
It is an important biochemical metabolite in plants and microorganisms.
At ambient temperature and pressure, 2-nitroaniline is an orange solid.
In this form, it is the salt of a sulfonic acid.
It is formed from phosphoribosylamine by the enzyme phosphoribosylamine—glycine ligase.
Tantalum(V) chloride, also known as tantalum pentachloride, is an inorganic compound with the formula TaCl5.
Niobium carbide is an extremely hard refractory ceramic material, commercially used in tool bits for cutting tools.
It is normally present as a hydrate.
While the trityl radical forms a quinoid dimer, derivatives thereof with the appropriate substitution pattern do form dimers with a hexaphenylethane structure.
The biphenyl molecule consists of two connected phenyl rings.
It has the formula HSCH2CO2NH4 and has use in perming hair.
In his book PiHKAL, the minimum dosage is listed as 40 mg, and the duration listed as 6–10 hours.
This red/purplish solid is useful for converting hydrocarbons into fluorocarbons, i.e., it is a fluorination agent.
Derivatives are known collectively as dithietes or 1,2-dithietes.
tabtoxin-producing bacterium, P. syringae BR2, causes a disease of bean similar to tobacco wildfire.
The 2,6-dimethylpiperidines are of interest for their conformational properties.
The standard enthalpy has been found to be -167.39 kcal.
Lead(IV) sulfide is a chemical compound with the formula PbS2.
Perillartine is the oxime of perillaldehyde, which is found in Perilla frutescens.
It is soluble in water and possesses an odor like that of acetic acid.
Cyclohexane is a colourless, flammable liquid with a distinctive detergent-like odor, reminiscent of cleaning products.
Indolizine is a heterocyclic aromatic organic compound that is an isomer of indole.
^ Beneš, L.; Kalousová, J.; Votinský, J.. "Reaction of chromocene with carboxylic acids and some derivatives of acetic acid".
This colourless solid, which is a commercially available, is an entry point to other platinum compounds through the displacement of the cod and/or chloride ligands.
Unlike benzene, C6H6, cyclooctatetraene, C8H8, is not aromatic, although its dianion, C
In eukaryotes, this includes the enzyme GlcNAc phosphotransferase, which catalyzes the transfer of N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphate from UDP-N-acetylglucosamine to dolichol phosphate in the first step of glycoprotein synthesis.
Kinetin is a type of cytokinin, a class of plant hormone that promotes cell division.
2,4,6-Trichloroanisole is a chemical compound that is a chlorinated derivative of anisole.
Dimethyl maleate is an organic compound with the formula C6H8O4.
Its chemical properties are intermediate between those for barium chloride, which is more toxic, and calcium chloride.
Coumatetralyl is an anticoagulant of the 4-hydroxycoumarin vitamin K antagonist type used as a rodenticide.
Chronic exposure can increase the incidence of respiratory cancers, including small cell carcinoma.
Zirconium carbide and niobium carbide can be used as refractory coatings in nuclear reactors.
It is synthesised by oxidative coupling of 4-amino-3-(azidocarbonyl)furoxan followed by Curtius rearrangement and further oxidation.
As well as dying textiles, fuchsine is used to stain bacteria and sometimes as a disinfectant.
As a food additive, it is used as a flavor enhancer and has the E number E628.
When dissolved in dimethylformamide, its absorption maximum lies at about 442 nm.
Ethyl iodide should be stored in copper powder to avoid fast decomposition, though even with this method samples don't last more than 1 year.
MDDM is also known as MDMMA, or as "sass" on the streets.
Uranyl peroxide or uranium peroxide hydrate is a pale-yellow, soluble peroxide of uranium.
2,3-Oxidosqualene is the substrate of various oxidosqualene cyclases, including lanosterol synthase, which produces lanosterol, a precursor to cholesterol.
Sodium oxalate, or disodium oxalate, is the sodium salt of oxalic acid with the formula Na2C2O4.
This heterocycle is the cyclic trimer of the otherwise unstable species thioformaldehyde.
In the exposed regions, the DNQ forms a ketene, which, in turn, reacts with ambient water to form a base soluble indene carboxylic acid.
The main emission peak in calcium-free solution is 475 nm while in the presence of calcium the emission is shifted to 400 nm.
Other formulations are less soluble, but also less corrosive.
It is one of the three isomers of methylpyridine.
It has a low toxicity for bees, birds, and humans, but is toxic to fish.
All known are exergonic and stable at normal temperatures.
Like other organophosphates, dimethoate is an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor which disables cholinesterase, an enzyme essential for central nervous system function.
Taurocholic acid, known also as cholaic acid, cholyltaurine, or acidum cholatauricum, is a deliquescent yellowish crystalline bile acid involved in the emulsification of fats.
Such aggregates can help carry other small molecules, such as drugs, through the skin.
It is a secondary metabolite produced by fungi that contaminate long-stored food and it causes different toxic effects, like nephrotoxic, hepatotoxic and cytotoxic effects.
Pentachlorofluoroethane is a chlorofluorocarbon once used as a propellant and refrigerant.
In short, DNA of interest is fused to DNA encoding a resistance gene, and then is transformed into cells.
It is thus suggested that butyrate enhances apoptosis of T cells in the colonic tissue and thereby eliminates the source of inflammation.
When the pH is changed, the extent of the conjugation is altered, which alters the wavelength of light energy absorbed by the molecule.
Unlike the miotine analog neostigmine, it doesn't have a quaternary ammonium group to give it a permanent positive charge.
It also reflects green/yellow light, and as such contributes to the observed green color of most plants.
Aluminium dodecaboride is a chemical compound made from the metal aluminium and the non-metal boron.
Cavicularin is a natural phenolic secondary metabolite isolated from the liverwort Cavicularia densa.
In his book PiHKAL, the dosage range is listed as 15–25 mg, and the duration listed as 8–16 hours.
It is currently undergoing clinical trial testing.
Potassium phthalimide is a chemical compound of formula C8H4KNO2.
Oxalyl chloride is a chemical compound with the formula2.
It is manufactured as a precursor to aluminum trifluoride and synthetic cryolite.
It is a yellow crystalline solid that is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol.
It is a widely used reagent in organic synthesis.
This is because hydrogen atoms are rapidly exchanged between water molecules.
Diethanolamine is polyfunctional, being a secondary amine and a diol.
EGCG is used in many dietary supplements.
The primary use for BHA is as an antioxidant and preservative in food, food packaging, animal feed, cosmetics, rubber, and petroleum products.
Its properties can be improved by coating the dye particles with an inert material, e.g.
TPA is also being studied as a drug in the treatment of hematologic cancer
It is commonly found in cosmetics such as conditioners, hair dye, and mousse, and also in detergents.
Side effects include nausea, headache, dizziness, trouble sleeping, and rash.
Syntin was used in the Soviet Union and later Russia in 1980s-1990s as fuel for the Soyuz-U2 rocket.
This white crystalline solid is a laboratory reagent and a molecular compound.
The name is used as part of the name of esters and salts of butyric acid, a short chain fatty acid.
Dichlorine monoxide, is an inorganic compound with the molecular formula Cl2O.
Brefeldin A inhibits protein transport from the endoplasmic reticulum to the Golgi apparatus indirectly by preventing association of COP-I coat  to the Golgi membrane.
It is very slightly soluble in water and miscible with alcohol.
Barium ferrate is the chemical compound of formula BaFeO4.
It contains an unusual pentathiepin ring which reacts with DNA, and varacin and synthetic analogues have been investigated for their antimicrobial and antitumour properties.
The L-form has been isolated from Sitka spruce.
As a precursor to a variety of valuable bioactive compounds, it is the most important organic isothiocyanate in industry.
MRS-1706 is a selective inverse agonist for the adenosine A2B receptor.
Bis(trimethylsilyl) sulfide is the chemical compound with the formula3Si)2S.
Palytoxin is a natural compound, that is produced by several anthozoans but can be found in many more species due to the process of biomagnification.
For this reason bullvalene is extensively studied in organic chemistry.
It is found in the plants Terminalia chebula, T. citrina and T. catappa.
Calcium pyrophosphate is a chemical compound, an insoluble calcium salt containing the pyrophosphate anion.
At elevated temperatures in the solid state, phosphates can condense to form pyrophosphates.
The salt features the hexachloroplatinate(IV) dianion, which has octahedral coordination geometry.
Bile acids form micelles which facilitate lipid digestion.
A report from the Porton Down laboratories described exposure as "like being thrown blindfolded into a bed of stinging nettles", and it earned the nickname "firegas".
It is produced by a method called condensation polymerization or transesterification.
Nutlin-3 has been shown to affect the production of p53 within minutes.
Stirring an alcoholic solution of megaphone, with added palladium catalyst, in hydrogen atmosphere, followed by evaporation of the solvent yields tetrahydromegaphone as an oil.
Maitotoxin is so potent that it has been demonstrated that an intraperitoneal injection of 0.13 µg/kg was lethal in mice.
Yttrium barium copper oxide is a family of crystalline chemical compounds, famous for displaying high-temperature superconductivity.
Its instability has involved it in a number of accidents, such as the PEPCON disaster.
Single crystal nanorods and polycrystalline nanotubes of lead selenide have been synthesized via controlled organism membranes.
Hexanitroethane is used in some pyrotechnic compositions as a nitrogen-rich oxidizer, e.g.
When a second, similar natural product was discovered, it was named neoglucobrassicin.
Salts of benzoic acid are used as food preservatives and benzoic acid is an important precursor for the industrial synthesis of many other organic substances.
Morin can be used to test for the presence of aluminium or tin in a solution, since it forms characteristically fluorescent coordination complexes with them.
Relative to more conventional inorganic bases, such as KOH and NaOH, Bu4NOH is more soluble in organic solvents.
It is closely related to IGEPAL CA-630 or erstwhile Nonidet P-40, which might differ from it mainly in having slightly shorter ethylene oxide chains.
Sophisticated mathematical models have also been developed to analyse CFSE data and probe various aspects of immune responses.
It has been used medically to help with smoking cessation.
Sodium dithiophosphate is the salt with the formula Na3PS2O2, although the solid is usually encountered as the hydrate.
In 2005, Lanxess AG and its subsidiary Saltigo GmbH were spun off from Bayer and the product was renamed Saltidin in 2008.
Bromoacetylalprenololmenthane is a β adrenergic receptor agonist.
It is a porcelain-like white substance which is insoluble in water.
This white solid is widely used in agriculture and the production of pharmaceuticals and other organic compounds.
It is a colourless insoluble solid that is fairly unreactive.
coronene + 24 * ethylene → 18 * butadiene REPE 4.2 kcal/mol
Imetit is a histamine H3 receptor agonist.
The dipole moment of 18-crown-6 varies in different solvent and under different temperature.
It is not one of the proteinogenic amino acids and rather rare in nature.
Other leukotrienes that function in a similar manner are leukotrienes C4 and E4.
The compounds are white solids that dissolve in polar organic solvents.
It is soluble in water and slightly soluble in methanol.
Under the trade names Trimar and Trilene, trichloroethylene was used as a volatile anesthetic and as an inhaled obstetrical analgesic in millions of patients.
This value is substantially larger than even some synthetic metal chelators, such as EDTA.
These salts are yellow to yellow/orange solids that are moderately soluble in water and dilute acids.
NBCA in monomer form polymerizes rapidly in presence of ionic substances such as moisture, blood, or tissue fluids.
Arsenobetaine is an organoarsenic compound that is the main source of arsenic found in fish.
This compound tends to get oxidized during heating; thus, it is recommended to do so under a nitrogen blanket or purge.
Their work was declassified and published only in 1953.
The sulfur can be considered to be in its +5 oxidation state.
Triethylamine is the chemical compound with the formula N(CH2CH3)3, commonly abbreviated Et3N.
Reich and Richter determined the existence of indium as a new element from the sulfide precipitate.
Tetraethylgermanium is an important chemical compound used in vapour deposition of germanium.
It can also be prepared by the Hell-Volhard-Zelinsky process:
Smaller quantities are converted into a wide variety of derivative products such as cellophane and rayon.
As the extraction of natural product is expensive, it is currently being mostly manufactured synthetically.
As a food additive, it has the E number E350.
In addition to its industrial production, small amounts occur from the breakdown and the combustion of organochlorine compounds, such as those used in refrigeration systems.
Mesitylene is a colourless liquid with sweet aromatic odor.
It has a "Quinidine like" anti-arrhythmic effect.
In a rat model of Parkinson's disease, nobiletin, a flavonoid found in citrus, can rescue dopaminergic neurons from degeneration caused by treatment with MPP+.
Strontium fluoride, SrF2, also called strontium difluoride and strontium(II) fluoride, is a fluoride of strontium.
CHCl3 + 3 Na + 3 EtOH → HC(OEt)3 +  3⁄2 H2 + 3 NaCl
However, in addition to labeling astrocytes, SR101 labels myelinating oligodendrocytes.
Cyclen or 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane is a macrocycle and the aza analogue of the crown ether 12-crown-4.
The shape of adenine is complementary to either thymine in DNA or uracil in RNA.
it was first produced in 1861 by C. Mene.
Hexafluorophosphate is an anion with chemical formula of PF−
6-Carboxyfluorescein is a fluorescent dye with an absorption wavelength of 495 nm and an emission wavelength of 517 nm.
Retene is derived by degradation of specific diterpenoids biologically produced by conifer trees.
Due to its small-scale production, the cost of FOX-7 is relatively high.
2,2,2-Trifluoroethanol is the organic compound with the formula CF3CH2OH.
It is therefore strongly advised to keep HEPES-containing solutions in darkness as much as possible.
Sodium metatitanate is a chemical compound with the chemical formula Na2Ti3O7.
See the mechanism section below for details.
It is also a superior drying agent for gas analysis.
It is used in research to understand the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis and lupus.
Fluoronium) is an inorganic cation with the chemical formula H
Industrially, chloromethyl chloroformate is used to manufacture other chemicals.
In addition to the standard seizures, some of the second generation V series agents are known to cause comas.
Beta-HCH was present in elevated levels in some patients as recently as 2009.
          
The peak sensitivity depends on temperature and varies between 3.7–4.7 µm.
It has been produced synthetically through a variety of different routes.
It does not require cooling, but performs better at lower temperatures.
Thus Triton X-100 is slightly more hydrophilic than Igepal CA-630; these two detergents may not be considered to be functionally interchangeable for most applications.
This colourless salt is a glass-etchant and an intermediate in a once-contemplated route to hydrofluoric acid.
It is a white solid with a chloroform-like odor.
Sodium pyruvate is commonly added to cell culture media as an additional source of energy, but may also have protective effects against hydrogen peroxide.
It can also be used for the detection of cartilage, mucin and mast cell granules.
This cyanocarbon, a relative of para-quinone, is an electron acceptor that is used to prepare charge transfer salts, which are of interest in molecular electronics.
It is also used for producing biodiesel via transesterification reaction.
The anhydrous form and a dihydrate MnCl2·2H2O are also known.
Tantalum(V) bromide is the inorganic compound with the formula Ta2Br10.
Sergei Zotovich Ivin, Leonid Soborovsky, and Iya Danilovna Shilakova jointly developed this analogue of VX.
2,4-DCP is used primarily as an intermediate in the preparation of the herbicide 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid.
It is essential in humans, meaning the body cannot synthesize it and thus it must be obtained from the diet.
A successful route would more likely proceed by trimerisation of nitryl cyanide.
Aflatoxins form one of the major groupings of mycotoxins.
Trimethylolpropane phosphite, C2H5C(CH2O)3P, is a phosphite ester used as a ligand in organometallic chemistry.
3-Oxopentanoic acid, or beta-ketopentanoate, is a 5-carbon ketone body.
Thus, loss of neutral red uptake corresponds to loss of cell viability.
Dimethyldichlorosilane is made on an industrial scale as the principal precursor to dimethylsilicone and polysilane compounds.
This colorless solid is the complex of triphenylphosphine and gold(I) chloride.
Single crystals are obtained by chemical transport using iodine.
Ammonium permanganate decomposes slowly in storage even at normal temperatures.
It is used to control grasses, broadleaf, and woody plants.
Normal amounts are safe for use during pregnancy.
It is an analog of cannabinol with the side chain shortened by two methylene bridges.
The drug is to be used orally.
Its precursor is the alkaloid-reticuline.-reticuline is converted to salutaridine by the enzyme salutaridine synthase.
The main use for the chemical is as an antioxidant or chemical sterilant.
Benzhydrol is also used in the production of agrochemicals as well as other organic compounds and as a terminating group in polymerizations.
When used for metal titrations, it will appear red in the titrand and become yellow once it reaches its endpoint.
It is flammable and decomposes to toxic gases such as phosphorus oxides, sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides.
It has an unusually high density for an organic compound, near 3 g/mL, due largely to the four bromine atoms.
Thorin is an indicator used in the determination of barium, beryllium, lithium, uranium and thorium compounds.
It is also released by aphids as an alarm pheremone upon death to warn away other aphids.
Tungsten(III) oxide is a compound of tungsten and oxygen.
The rubidium content in minerals is often calculated and quoted in terms of Rb2O.
The elucidation of its structure was made nearly 50 years later.
It entered phase I human clinical trials for the treatment of multiple myeloma, only three years after its discovery in 2003.
Other uses of glycin can be found in some procedures of analytical chemistry.
The hydrolysis can be induced simply by heating an aqueous solution of sucrose, but more commonly, catalysts are added to accelerate the conversion.
^ "HAMAP: Halorhodospira halophila) complete proteome ExPASy Proteomics Server.
It is also used in organic synthesis as a phase transfer catalyst to increase reaction rates in a two-phase organic-water system.
In mice, it is orally active and has analgesic effects.
It is found in some varieties of lettuce and is an ingredient of lactucarium.
The simplest pnictogen hydride, ammonia is a colourless gas with a characteristic pungent smell.
1,1,1,2,3,3,3-Heptafluoropropane, also called heptafluoropropane, HFC-227 or HFC-227ea, as well as apaflurane, is a colourless, odourless gaseous halocarbon commonly used as a gaseous fire suppression agent.
In terms of their biosynthesis, pyrethrins are classified as terpenoids, being derived from dimethylallyl pyrophosphate.
Chromium forms a second interstitial nitride, dichromium nitride, Cr2N.
Scandium(III) chloride is mainly of interest in the research laboratory.
Sodium percarbonate is a chemical, an adduct of sodium carbonate and hydrogen peroxide, with formula 2 Na2CO3 · 3 H2O2.
NH3 boils at −33.34 °C at a pressure of one atmosphere, so the liquid must be stored under pressure or at low temperature.
It is the blue often associated with blue jeans.
It has one double bond, and is the second simplest member of the alkene class of hydrocarbons.
In these reactions a ribosomally synthesized 57-mer is converted to the final peptide.
It is named after its discoverer, Vittorio Simonelli, an Italian geologist.
This set includes many biologically active compounds, including neurotransmitters and psychedelic drugs.
Commercial IBX is stabilized by carboxylic acids such as benzoic acid and isophthalic acid.
2 generator in rebreathers, spacecraft, submarines and spacesuit life support systems.
It contains both a primary amine and a primary alcohol.
However, NVP's method of acetylcholine antagonism involves inhibiting the enzyme choline acetyltransferase.
The preparation of it is used for undergraduate teaching of organic chemistry synthesis.
3-Mercapto-3-methylbutan-1-ol, also known as MMB, is a thiol and an alcohol.
This colourless solid is of interest because it is more basic than pyridine, owing to the resonance stabilisation from the NMe2 substituent.
Aluminium chloride is the main compound of aluminium and chlorine.
Isoprene is produced by many plants, and its polymers are the main component of natural rubber.
Long term supplementation is also associated with small reductions in the risk of stroke and cardiovascular disease.
Global production in 2001 was between 6000 and 13,000 tons.
2 is widely used as the cathode active material in consumer electronic devices.
n-Heptane is the straight-chain alkane with the chemical formula H3C(CH2)5CH3 or C7H16.
The solubility of SMA in alkaline solutions makes it suitable for various applications in the field of sizings, binders, dispersants and coatings.
It is a C'-2 carbon epimer of the sugar D-arabinose and ribose itself is named as a partial rearrangement of letters in the word 'arabinose'.
It is an important precursor used in the preparation of other platinum compounds.
It is the parent compound for the phosphorous-containing phosphaphenalenes.
It is used in the manufacture of batteries, lead glass and rustproof primer paints.
The mixtures used were called S-Stoff and SV-Stoff and nicknamed Salbei.
The levels of rT3 increase in conditions such as euthyroid sick syndrome because its clearance decreases while its production stays the same.
It is also used for research purposes in studying liposomes, lipid bilayers, and model biological membranes and in the formation of reconstituted HDL particles.
There is also a hydrated form, Na4P2O7 · 10(H2O).
Ethyl centralite is insoluble in water, but is soluble in acetone, ethanol and benzene.
The cancer formulation of the drug, known as PV-10, is currently undergoing clinical trials for melanoma and breast cancer.
Isocetane replaced 1-methylnaphthalene as the lower reference for cetane number owing to the expense of 1-methylnaphthalene, and difficulty in safe handling.
Rubidium fluoride is the fluoride salt of rubidium.
2-Aminothiazole can be used as a thyroid inhibitor in the treatment of hyperthyroidism and has antibacterial activity.
High levels of trimethylamine are associated with the development of fish odor syndrome, which arise from the foul, fishy odor of trimethylamine.
Phosphotungstic acid, tungstophosphoric acid, is a heteropoly acid with the chemical formula H3PW12O40.
Propyne is an alkyne with the chemical formula CH3C≡CH.
It is widely used because the hydroxyl group confers solubility in water and lowers the volatility.
There is another isomeric form, a white crystalline adduct of hydrogen sulfide and sulfur trioxide, H2S·SO3, which can also be prepared at low temperature.
It is a paraben which is the heptyl ester of p-hydroxybenzoic acid.
The name "prodigiosin" is derived from "prodigious".
It has the form of an orange or brown powder.
Thioacetic acid is an organosulfur compound with the molecular formula CH3COSH.
Its melting point is 320 °C, and its boiling point is 714 °C.
It is a deep-red and volatile solid.
Setoperone is a compound that is a ligand to the 5-HT2A receptor.
It exists as an equilibrium mixture with benzene oxide.
In mice this disinfectant was found to cause infertility and birth defects.
In the United States, a course of treatment costs $25 to 50.
^ Campbell WB, Falck JR, Okita JR, Johnson AR, Callahan KS.
It is needed for the metabolism of carbohydrates.
Calcium lactate is a white crystalline salt with formula C
Triclopyr is an organic compound in the pyridine group that is used as a systemic, foliar herbicide and fungicide.
It is one of the active ingredients of Sho-Saiko-To, a Japanese herbal supplement.
However, this specific isothiocyanate is expected to be highly unstable, and has indeed never been detected.
Nitropentadecene, or more precisely-1-nitropentadec-1-ene, is a highly toxic unsaturated nitroalkene, the only aliphatic nitro compound known to be synthesized by insects.
It was originally isolated from the Indian tree Derris robusta.
As with other members of the large diterpene family of natural products, forskolin is derived from geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate.
Vargulin is also used by the midshipman fish, Porichthys.
Wurster's blue is the trivial name given to the chemical N,N,N′,N′-tetramethyl-p-phenylenediamine, also known as TMPD.
Hopane is a natural chemical compound classified as a triterpene.
CaH2 is thus used as a drying agent, i.e.
It is a paramagnetic compound and also highly reducing, both consequences of its low valence electron count.
It is used in Europe, Asia and Australia, but has not been approved by the US FDA.
Lead selenide nanocrystals embedded into various materials can be used as quantum dots, for example in nanocrystal solar cells.
Sterigmatocystin is a mycotoxin produced by certain species of Aspergillus.
The redox potential of pure Te metal is fairly negative, −1.14 V.
5β-Coprostanol is a 27-carbon stanol formed from the biohydrogenation of cholesterol in the gut of most higher animals and birds.
SCH-79687 is a histamine antagonist selective for the H3 subtype.
Cyanuric fluoride or 2,4,6-trifluoro-1,3,5-triazine is a chemical compound with the formula3.
It is also classified as an aromatic amine.
It is a semi-metal related to the II-VI group of semiconductor materials.
The relatively tumor specific expression of GD2 makes it a suitable target for immunotherapy with monoclonal antibodies or with artificial T cell receptors.
It may produce more stable plasma levels than valproic acid or sodium valproate and may be more effective at preventing febrile seizures.
The mitomycins are a family of aziridine-containing natural products isolated from Streptomyces caespitosus or Streptomyces lavendulae.
It was the first discovered binary compound of a noble gas.
Anhydrous magnesium chloride is the principal precursor to magnesium metal, which is produced on a large scale.
It is an intermediate in some industrial processes for the oxidation of p-xylene to terephthalic acid which is used in the manufacture of polyethylene terephthalate.
Fru-2,6-P2 is synthesized and broken down by the bifunctional enzyme phosphofructokinase 2/fructose-2,6-bisphosphatase.
Beryllium hydroxide, Be(OH)2, is an amphoteric hydroxide, dissolving in both acids and alkalis.
Preliminary in vitro studies have shown pharmacological effects that indicate wogonin may have anti-tumor properties.
As a TRPA1 blocker, it assists in reducing the airway inflammation caused by pepper spray.
It is one of the four chloromethanes and a trihalomethane.
an open tetrapyrrole chromophore found in cyanobacteria and in the chloroplasts of red algae, glaucophytes and some cryptomonads.
Most often found in white powder form, it can also be called trisodium orthophosphate or simply sodium phosphate.
stored in preferably cool, dry place at 0-25 °C, and operating temperatures under 50 °C in order to avoid deterioration.
Famoxadone is a fungicide to protect agricultural products against various fungal diseases on fruiting vegetables, tomatoes, potatoes, curcurbits, lettuce and grapes.
TMAO decomposes to trimethylamine, which is the main odorant that is characteristic of degrading seafood.
The substance is used as a reagent to make other lead compounds and as a fixative for some dyes.
Sudan Red G is a yellowish red lysochrome azo dye.
It was first mass-produced about seven years later.
1-Hexanol is an organic alcohol with a six-carbon chain and a condensed structural formula of CH3(CH2)5OH.
Threonine sidechains are often hydrogen bonded; the most common small motifs formed are ST turns, ST motifs and ST staples.
Farmers quickly adopted glyphosate, especially after Monsanto introduced glyphosate-resistant Roundup Ready crops, enabling farmers to kill weeds without killing their crops.
It can also be obtained by fluorination of plutonium(III) fluoride or plutonium(IV) oxide.
m-Toluic acid,, is an aromatic carboxylic acid, with formulaC6H4(COOH).
In air, it easily hydrolyses to release hydrogen sulfide.
4,5-MDO-DiPT, or 4,5-methylenedioxy-N,N-diisopropyltryptamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug.
It is used in some chemical syntheses, as a precursor or a catalyst.
Diethyl sulfite is an ester of sulfurous acid.
Deoxyadenosine is the DNA nucleoside A, which pairs with deoxythymidine in double-stranded DNA.
Meta-DOT, or 5-methylthio-2,4-dimethoxyamphetamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug.
Its chief use is as the main component of medical cyanoacrylate glues.
However, it is found in significant concentrations in the interstellar medium due to the extreme environment.
It was first synthesized in 1981 by Alexander Shulgin, and rated by him as one of the "magical half-dozen" most important psychedelic phenethylamine compounds.
Zinc bromide is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula ZnBr2.
Cyclopentanol or cyclopentyl alcohol is a cyclic alcohol.
It is an unsaturated omega-9 fatty acid and a hydroxy acid.
Rhodium(III) chloride refers to inorganic compounds with the formula RhCl3(H2O)n, where n varies from 0 to 3.
Glycols are also used as liquid desiccants for natural gas and in air conditioning systems.
Epigallocatechin is another type of catechin, with the gallate residue being in an isomeric cis position.
Sulforhodamine B or Kiton Red 620 is a fluorescent dye with uses spanning from laser-induced fluorescence to the quantification of cellular proteins of cultured cells.
Isoquercetin is a flavonoid, a type of chemical compound.
The allicin generated is unstable and quickly changes into a series of other sulfur-containing compounds such as diallyl disulfide.
The single crystals of LaBr3 are hexagonal crystals with melting point of 783 °C.
This ester has a smell reminiscent of pear or apricot.
Suosan is a sodium salt of β-4-nitroanilide aspartic acid and is 700 times sweeter than sucrose with a bitter aftertaste.
The enantioselective total synthesis of-hasubanonine and related natural products,-runanine,-delavayine, and-periglaucine B were first achieved by Prof. Seth Herzon and co-workers at Yale University in 2011.
MSMA is an effective treatment to control Convolvulaceae and Cyperus rotundus.
2,5-Dihydrofuran is the organic compound classified as a monounsaturated derivative of furan.
Chemically it is a copolymer of ethylene and chlorotrifluoroethylene.
Uranium carbide pellets are used as fuel kernels for the US version of pebble bed reactors; the German version uses uranium dioxide instead.
The compound crystallizes in the rutile structural motif, i.e.
Because valine is hydrophobic, the hemoglobin is prone to abnormal aggregation.
This periodinane is especially suited to oxidize alcohols to aldehydes.
In 1980s, CL-20 was developed by the China Lake facility, primarily to be used in propellants.
While the elements are brittle, they can operate at high power without aging, and their electrical resistivity does not increase with operation time.
The naturally occurring enantiopure-endo-(+)-fenchol is used extensively in perfumery.
Dimercaprol was first made during World War II.
It may be applied pre-emergence of incorporated before planting the crop.
It is an isomer of benzene, specifically a valence isomer.
Manganese is present in two oxidation states +2 and +3 and the formula is sometimes written as MnO.Mn2O3.
Calcium lactate is used in medicine, mainly to treat calcium deficiencies; and as a food additive with E number of E327.
(E)-4-Hydroxy-3-methyl-but-2-enyl pyrophosphate is an intermediate of the MEP pathway of isoprenoid biosynthesis.
It is a food additive with E-number E201.
δ-Valerolactone is a lactone used as a chemical intermediate in processes such as the production of polyesters.
The three forms frequently interchange so base-pairing properties can become altered at any time.
Ergothioneine is a naturally occurring amino acid and is a thiourea derivative of histidine, containing a sulfur atom on the imidazole ring.
It is more precisely classified as a monoterpene.
Dimethylacetamide is the organic compound with the formula CH3C(O)N(CH3)2.
This dimer can be restored by heating to give the monomer.
Approximately 33% is used on alfalfa, 31% in forestry, 29% in industrial areas, 4% on rangeland and pastures, and < 2% on sugarcane.
Decyl glucoside is a mild non-ionic surfactant used in cosmetic formularies including baby shampoo and in products for individuals with a sensitive skin.
As its ester, stearic acid is one of the most common saturated fatty acids found in nature following palmitic acid.
In the Nysted olefination, the Nysted reagent reacts with TiCl4 to methylenate a carbonyl group.
Spinosad is an insecticide based on chemical compounds found in the bacterial species Saccharopolyspora spinosa.
It is most notable as the product of flue-gas desulfurization.
They are preferred instead of organochlorines because organochlorines are long lasting persistent in crops.
The bond distance has been measured at 1.8934 Å.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
tert-Butyllithium is available commercially as hydrocarbon solutions; it is not usually prepared in the laboratory.
An enantioselective synthesis employs L-proline as an organocatalyst:
These sheets then stack with very little long range order resulting in Bragg diffraction patterns with very broad peaks.
              3
The telluride anion is formed from the reduction of tellurium metal.
It has residual activity in soils, allowing it to be used infrequently but requiring up to 22 months before planting certain crops.
Cadmium selenide is an inorganic compound with the formula CdSe.
It is structurally a hexane molecule with a methyl group attached to its second carbon atom.
Chromic acid in glacial acetic acid solution oxidizes it to picene-quinone, picene-quinone carboxylic acid, and finally to phthalic acid.
The compound is a derivative of aniline, consisting of an amine bound to two phenyl groups.
Commonly available grades have around 60% Na2S by weight, which means that x is around 3.
It is a linear molecule that, because of its simplicity, is of interest in a variety of areas.
It is soluble in common organic solvents, including alcohol, ether, and acetone, and is slightly soluble in water.
It was chemically synthesized and exists in small amounts in vertebrate liver.
Calculations suggest that it may be ionic, unlike all other known binary noble gas compounds.
ACC plays an important role in the biosynthesis of the plant hormone ethylene.
Formally, it is a derivative of 1,3,5-trioxane.
It is a colourless solid that degrades readily to carbon dioxide, water and ammonia.
It is insoluble in water, but may decompose when subjected to moisture, evolving hydrogen and producing calcium hydroxide.
In addition to being a marker of neuronal damage in animal models of CNS damage, PK-11195 has been used successfully with human brain imaging techniques.
These salts are typical ionic halides, being highly soluble in water.
Trehalose is not an antioxidant, because it is a non-reducing sugar and does not contain nucleophilic groups in its molecule.
It is prepared by the amination of acrylonitrile followed by hydrogenation of the resulting aminopropionitrile.
It has been used as a perfume fixative in a wide variety of consumer products, and is still used in some cosmetics and fragrances.
Gallocatechol or gallocatechin is a flavan-3-ol, a type of chemical compound including catechin, with the gallate residue being in an isomeric trans position.
When combined with ADM or AN oxidizers, the amount of HCN produced by a deflagration may be reduced.
Planar, rectangular distortion to a singlet ground state is caused by the Jahn–Teller effect.
It is a component of reference electrodes in electrochemistry.
Pure sodium carbonate is a white, odorless powder that is hygroscopic.
Stenbolone is an anabolic-androgenic steroid of the dihydrotestosterone group which was never marketed.
Dihydrouracil is an intermediate in the catabolism of uracil.
It is a water-soluble version of disuccinimidyl suberate.
It is also used in other animals; however, is toxic to cats.
Na3NO4 + H2O → NaNO3 + 2NaOH
Generally abbreviated COD, this diene is a useful precursor to other organic compounds and serves as a ligand in organometallic chemistry.
Inocybe and Clitocybe contain muscarine concentrations up to 1.6%.
A pnictogen hydride, this colourless gas is the principal covalent hydride of antimony, and a heavy analogue of ammonia.
The first total synthesis of methyl bosseopentaenoate by consecutive palladium-catalyzed reactions was reported in 2011.
Copper phosphide can be produced in a reverberatory furnace or in a crucible, e.g.
Triphenylborane, often abbreviated to BPh3 where Ph is the phenyl group C6H5-, is a chemical compound with the formula B(C6H5)3.
Cyclohexenone is a ketone, or more precisely an enone.
Naphthylvinylpyridine is a naphthalene derivative that possesses anticholinergic activity similar to that of atropine.
Benzoic acid occurs naturally in many plants and it serves as an intermediate in the biosynthesis of many secondary metabolites.
It occurs in a number of different plants, most notably the Middle Eastern plant harmal or Syrian rue and the South American vine Banisteriopsis caapi.
The proton on the nitrogen atom can be replaced by a carbon atom of a polymer to create an ion-exchange resin, such as chelex 100.
This colorless liquid ketone has a sharp, sweet odor reminiscent of butterscotch and acetone.
The breakdown of Fru-2,6-P2 is catalyzed by the phosphorylation of the bifunctional enzyme, which allows FBPase-2 to dephosphorylate fructose 2,6-bisphosphate to produce fructose 6-phosphate and Pi.
Thin films of CoxSy can be deposited on different substrates using chemical precursor Inks based on organic solvents  or water.
It is a derivative of hydroquinone, substituted with a tert-butyl group.
Octanal is the organic compound, an aldehyde, with the chemical formula CH3(CH2)6CHO.
It consists of three potassium cations and a central hexacyanometallate with [Cr(CN)6]3− anion.
It differs from vanillin by having an ethoxy group instead of a methoxy group.
It was popularized to control fire ants but by virtue of its chemical robustness and lipophilicity it was recognized as a bioaccumulative pollutant.
It is freely soluble in chloroform and insoluble in water.
DMPS was found to have some protective effect, prolonging the survival time.
It is a monoterpene containing a cyclobutane ring, an alcohol group, an alkene group and two chiral centers.
The pentahydrate Na2SeO3(H2O)5 is the most common water-soluble selenium compound.
Succinic acid is a dicarboxylic acid with the chemical formula2(CO2H)2.
The identity of this reddish solid remains uncertain.
Thromboxane A2 synthesis is the target of the drug aspirin, which inhibits the COX-1 enzyme.
Because of its great acidity, Meldrum's acid, like malonic acid, can serve as a reactant in Knoevenagel condensations.
TMAH has numerous and diverse industrial and research applications.
Boron trichloride is the inorganic compound with the formula BCl3.
Chromocene, formally known as bis(η5-cyclopentadienyl)chromium(II), is a chemical compound with the condensed structural formula [Cr(C5H5)2].
Attempts at phasing out its use as a refrigerant with substances that have lower global warming potentials, such as HFO-1234yf are underway.
It also inhibits the synthesis of catecholamines, reduces levels of dopamine and cardiac norepinephrine, and inactivates tyrosine hydroxylase.
Fumonisin B2 is more cytotoxic than fumonisin B1.
For those drinking filter coffee, the effect was only significant for women.
For example, it is used in hematoxylin-phloxine-saffron staining to color the cytoplasm and connective tissue in shades of red.
Methyl carbamate is prepared by the reaction of methanol and urea:
Isobenzofuran is a heterocyclic compound consisting of fused benzene and furan rings.
The discovery of mannitol is attributed to Joseph Louis Proust in 1806.
It is used in the treatment and control of fascioliasis in ruminants mainly domestic animals such as cattle, sheep, and goats.
Dermorphin appears to be made in these through an unusual posttranslational modification carried out by an amino acid isomerase.
Thus, Ph4P+ is useful as a phase-transfer catalyst, again because it allows inorganic anions to dissolve in organic solvents.
Antimony pentachloride is a chemical compound with the formula SbCl5.
In veterinary medicine, cyromazine is used as an ectoparasiticide.
This colourless solid finds use in organic synthesis as a nitrosating agent.
It is not referred to in major textbooks.
Coniferyl alcohol is an intermediate in biosynthesis of eugenol and of stilbenoids and coumarin.
Ethyl oleate is a fatty acid ester formed by the condensation of oleic acid and ethanol.
Tantalum(IV) sulfide is the inorganic compound with the formula TaS2.
Other pigments contained in beet are indicaxanthin and vulgaxanthins.
It is, therefore, a potential member of the cyclo[n]carbon family.
Excessive doses can result in vomiting, constipation, weakness, and confusion.
It is a solid which can be a transparent crystal.
Pyriproxyfen is a juvenile hormone analog and an insect growth regulator.
The amount of diethyl sulfide produced can be controlled by varying the ratio of hydrogen sulfide to ethylene.
Of all perchlorates, nitronium perchlorate is the most powerful oxidizer.
Dimercaptosuccinic acid, also called succimer, is a medication used to treat lead, mercury, and arsenic poisoning.
It has also been proposed that DMDC inhibits the enzymes alcohol dehydrogenase and glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase by causing the methoxycarbonylation of their histidine components.
Calcium borate2), also called Gerstley borate, is a bluish white crystal with a very defined structure.
Dexamethasone isonicotinate is an anti-inflammatory, anti-allergic glucocorticoid that can be administered orally, by inhalation, locally, and parenterally.
It is the salt derived from the ammonium cation and the hydrosulfide anion.
It is among the food additives encoded by the European Union, identified as E 500.
UF6 + 2 H2O → UO2F2 + 4 HF.
Consequently, there have been efforts to identify the chemical constituents that may be responsible for the putative pharmacological effects.
It is a hygroscopic colourless solid that is soluble in water and polar organic solvents.
It also reacts violently with aluminium, boron phosphide, cyanides, esters, PN2H, phosphorus, NaCN, SnC12, sodium hypophosphite, thiocyanates, etc.
In chemical terms, it is a bicyclic alcohol with formula C12H22O, a derivative of decalin.
The two most common phases, α and β, have a layered structure, while γ is a "defect wurtzite structure."
Vanadium(IV) fluoride is an inorganic compound of vanadium and fluorine.
PFOA has been manufactured since the 1940s in industrial quantities.
It exists as a yellow hygroscopic solid, which can form tetra-, hexa-, and decahydrates.
It is produced industrially as a precursor to other organic compounds.
Not to be confused with Carbolic acid, an antiquated name for phenol.
It has been shown to act as an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, and inhibits biosynthesis of dopamine via inhibition of the enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase.
As of 2007, and prior to Sinochem's production it was already a high volume production chemical, with over 1 million pounds produced annually.
Hydrogen peroxide - urea is a solid composed of equal amounts of hydrogen peroxide and urea.
In Watson-Crick base pairing, it forms three(3) hydrogen bonds with guanine.
This bright red ammonium salt is an important reagent in the chemistry of molybdenum and has been used as a building block in bioinorganic chemistry.
Ytterbium(III) chloride is an inorganic chemical compound.
In sickle-cell disease, valine substitutes for the hydrophilic amino acid glutamic acid in β-globin.
Ristocetin is an antibiotic, obtained from Amycolatopsis lurida, previously used to treat staphylococcal infections.
It is an odorless dark-brown crystalline powder which is nearly insoluble in water.
for the water gas shift reaction, and reforming, but these studies are of purely academic interest.
It is not vulcanized but has some of the properties of a rubber or of plasticized polyvinyl chloride particularly at the higher end of the range.
Calcium fluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula CaF2.
CPM was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Retinol at normal doses is well tolerated.
Measurement of Ca2+-induced fluorescence at both 340 nm and 380 nm allows for calculation of calcium concentrations based 340/380 ratios.
Recently, the literature  has reported the formation of α-Ag2MoO4 metastable phase by the solution-phase precipitation method under environment condition, and using 3-bis(2-pyridyl)pyrazine as doping.
While in sucrose the glucose and fructose are bonded together with a linkage called α-1, 2, in isomaltulose, the linkage is α-1, 6.
Tetrakis(hydroxymethyl)phosphonium chloride is an organophosphorus compound with the chemical formula [P(CH2OH)4]Cl.
It should not be confused with the similarly named glycerate 3-phosphate or glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate.
It is also used by adenylate cyclase, which uses ATP to produce the second messenger molecule cyclic AMP.
β-Galactosidase is required for lactose utilization, so the intensity of the color produced can be used as a measure of the enzymatic rate.
Nitrous acid is a weak and monobasic acid known only in solution and in the form of nitrite salts.
Propynyl, or 4-propynyloxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenethylamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug.
Barium titanate is a white powder and transparent as larger crystals.
It is found naturally in the essential oil of chamomile.
Hydrogen chloride gas and hydrochloric acid are important in technology and industry.
Acetarsol can be used to make Arsthinol, & presumably Acetarsone also.
Although in chemical terms it is an amino acid, GABA is rarely referred to as such in the scientific or medical community.
Naturally occurring lithium tetraborate is known as the mineral diomignite.
These salts are often less soluble than the closely related tetrafluoroborates.
Sulfates are salts of sulfuric acid and many are prepared from that acid.
It also produces additional actions which appear to be independent of histamine receptors.
Meconic acid was first isolated by Friedrich Sertürner in 1805.
However, despite its deceptively "simple" structure, for over a century the compound had eluded all attempts to synthesize and observe it.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 5.49 USD per 20 ml vial.
It works out to be significantly stronger than pure testosterone.
It is the most prevalent of the over one hundred different modified nucleosides found in RNA.
Commercial tannic acid is usually extracted from any of the following plant parts: Tara pods, gallnuts from Rhus semialata or Quercus infectoria or Sicilian Sumac leaves.
Iron phosphide can be used as a semiconductor.
It is also the competitor of inhibition onset by acyclovir in the treatment of HSV virus.
It is soluble in strong acids to form yellow solution, or in aqueous alkalis to form carmine red solutions.
The molecule is similar to urea but is not hydrolyzable by the urease enzyme.
Dihydroquinine, also known as hydroquinine, is an organic compound and as a cinchona alkaloid closely related to quinine.
Magnesium silicide, Mg2Si, is an inorganic compound consisting of magnesium and silicon.
It may also be acted upon by 6-phosphogluconate dehydratase to produce 2-keto-3-deoxy-6-phosphogluconate.
In a solid state, it appears as a white powder, but when heated it forms a liquid crystal.
Nonactin is a member of a family of naturally occurring cyclic ionophores known as the macrotetrolide antibiotics.
Other uses include bleaching flour, hair bleaching, teeth whitening, and textile bleaching.
Alternatively, high-purity HfC coatings can be obtained by chemical vapor deposition from a gas mixture of methane, hydrogen, and vaporized hafnium(IV) chloride.
The parent compound has a bicyclic structure, consisting of a six-membered benzene ring fused to a five-membered nitrogen-containing ring.
PFIB is about 10 times as toxic as phosgene.
Using inulin to measure kidney function is the "gold standard" for comparison with other means of estimating creatinine clearance.
Natural sources include volcanoes, hot springs and geysers, and it is freed from carbonate rocks by dissolution in water and acids.
In humans naringin is metabolized to the aglycone naringenin by naringinase present in the gut.
The median lethal dose of oral exposure in rat is 85 mg/kg and that of dermal is 390 mg/kg.。It is a weak acetylcholinesterase inhibitor.
The compound is an inhibitor of the enzyme aconitase and therefore interferes with the Krebs cycle.
It is formed when squalene is oxidized by the enzyme squalene monooxygenase.
In 2015 FDA withdrew the approval of using nitarsone in animal feeds.
Hematein or haematein is an oxidized derivative of haematoxylin, used in staining.
The practice appears to have stopped in the late 1980s.
It is prepared by the condensation of aniline and para-aminobenzaldehyde.
It is an explosive approximately as powerful as HMX or CL-20, but it releases less toxic reaction products when detonated: ammonia and hydrogen cyanide.
The toxicity, mobility and bioaccumulation potential of PFOS and PFOA pose potential adverse effects for the environment and human health.
However, other perfluorinated ether isomers will also result.
The compound is also soluble in water; aqueous solutions of FeCl2 are highly transparent and pale green in color.
Sodium chlorate is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula NaClO3.
3-Hydroxy picolinic acid is a picolinic acid derivative and is a member of the pyridine family.
It is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U.S.
Heptanitrocubane was first synthesized by the same team who synthesized octanitrocubane, Philip Eaton and Mao-Xi Zhang at the University of Chicago, in 1999.
Other side effects include itchiness, kidney problems, low blood pressure, and allergic reactions.
Fenamiphos is an organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used as an insecticide.
Diethyl tartrate is an organic compound, the ethyl ester of tartaric acid.
It gradually turns yellow on standing in moist air, owing to decomposition with liberation of iodine.
It shows semimetallic conduction and ferroelectric behaviour.
This three-carbon diol is a colorless viscous liquid that is miscible with water.
It is a strong oxidant, the potential for reduction is about +1.44V.
Cyclopropenylidene, or c-C3H2, is an aromatic molecule belonging to a highly reactive class of organic molecules known as carbenes.
For the Super NES enhancement chip see List of Super NES enhancement chips
1,5-Pentanediol is the organic compound with the formula HOCH2CH2CH2CH2CH2OH.
Derivatives of phenothiazine discovered in the 1940s revolutionized the field of psychiatry and allergy treatment.
NBCA is soluble in acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, nitromethane, and methylene chloride.
For example, cyanogen bromide has the formula NCBr.
It is present as an olive green to black, odorless solid.
Acetyl iodide is an organoiodine compound with the formula CH3C(O)I.
α-Methylhistamine is a histamine agonist selective for the receptor subtype H3.
It is a white solid that is soluble in water, alcohols, and other polar organic solvents.
It is the magnesium salt of gluconic acid.
This pattern can extend no further in either direction without breaking down the –SO2– group.
Orange B is a food dye from the azo dye group.
Long-term exposure has proven toxic to a very wide range of animals including humans, far greater than to the original insect targets.
Chrysolaminarin is a linear polymer of β(1→3) and β(1→6) linked glucose units in a ratio of 11:1.
5,6-MDO-DMT, or 5,6-methylenedioxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug.
Conditions/substances to avoid are: moisture, active metals, acids and oxidizing agents.
The term saxitoxin originates from the genus name of the butter clam from which it was first isolated.
Hexacene is very unstable, being highly reactive in the 6, 15 positions due to pi electron localization.
A mixture of beryllium and radium sulfate was used as the neutron source in the discovery of nuclear fission.
Kynurenic acid is a product of the normal metabolism of amino acid L-tryptophan.
It is a common reagent for organic synthesis used, for example, as a precursor for barbituric acid.
At high dilution it has a flavor similar to honey and nuts.
Pentetic acid or diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid is an aminopolycarboxylic acid consisting of a diethylenetriamine backbone with five carboxymethyl groups.
With water it forms the trihydrate, Pb(CH3COO)2·3H2O, a colourless or white efflorescent monoclinic crystalline substance.
Sodium methylsulfinylmethylide is the sodium salt of the conjugate base of dimethyl sulfoxide.
But, when in solution with water it readily reacts with atmospheric oxygen and other oxidizing agents that makes it a valuable antioxidant.
Depending on purity, samples can appear yellow-green to grey.
It is soluble in water, and the solution has a maximum absorption at about 628 nanometers.
Krypton difluoride, KrF2 is a chemical compound of krypton and fluorine.
It is commonly abbreviated as LiHMDS and is primarily used as a strong non-nucleophilic base and as a ligand.
Aliphatic diisocyanates are used in special applications, such as enamel coatings which are resistant to abrasion and degradation from ultraviolet light.
It is taken by mouth or by injection.
Glutaraldehyde came into medical use in the 1960s.
Folates are “conjugated” pterins that contain p-aminobenzoic acid and L-glutamates connected to the methyl group at position 6 of the pteridine ring system.
This acid is also one of the many molecules in the body that has cholesterol as its precursor.
45 nm and their length was up to 1100 nm, for nanotubes the diameter was 50 nm and the length up to 2000 nm.
In his book PiHKAL, the minimum dosage is listed as 200 mg, and the duration unknown.
Zirconium(IV) fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound.
It is used as a flavor additive in spice oils and in perfumery to introduce spicy aromas.
This "soda glass" is mildly water-soluble, so some calcium carbonate is added to the melt mixture to make the glass produced insoluble.
It is manufactured industrially on a large scale from phosphorus trichloride and oxygen or phosphorus pentoxide.
The hormone is believed to be involved in T-cell differentiation and enhancement of T and NK cell actions.
The patent claim is that Gusperimus may be useful for a variety of hyperreactive inflammatory diseases such as autoimmune diseases.
Calcium fumarate is a compound with formula Ca(C2H2(COO)2) orCa.
Tetrandrine has potential therapeutic value to prevent excess scarring/fibrosis in conjunctiva following trabeculectomy or in patients with severe conjunctival inflammation.
Allicin is an organosulfur compound obtained from garlic, a species in the family Alliaceae.
In his book PiHKAL, the minimum dosage is listed as 150 mg, and the duration is unknown.
Hypobromous acid oxidizes the substrate, itself being reduced to bromide:
In the class of nerve agents, it was developed for military use in chemical warfare after translation of earlier discoveries of organophosphate toxicity in pesticide research.
Nowadays, it is produced by submerse fermentation, but this process presented low yield with high production costs and hence higher sale value.
It is the substrate of luciferase, which is responsible for the characteristic yellow light emission from many firefly species.
Other dithioacetals undergo similar reactions to the above.
It is the simplest unsaturated carboxylic acid, consisting of a vinyl group connected directly to a carboxylic acid terminus.
The ligand is prepared by double directed lithiation of 9,9-dimethylxanthene with sec-butyllithium followed by treatment with chlorodiphenylphosphine.
Sodium phosphide is the inorganic compound with the formula Na3P.
Dibenzylideneacetone is used as a component in sunscreens and as a ligand in organometallic chemistry.
On the Scoville scale it has 8,600,000 SHU.
Potassium periodate is an inorganic salt with the molecular formula KIO4.
Carbamates are widely used in agriculture as insecticides and herbicides.
It is commonly used with dioxane complexed to the sodium cation, this dioxane solvate being known as Collman's reagent.
This compound is made in relatively few organisms, notably Actinobacteria, Cyanobacteria, and certain fungi.
Potassium nitrate is a chemical compound with the chemical formula KNO3.
It is a sulfur analog of oxazolidine.
Potassium hexacyanochromate(III) is a coordination compound with the formula K3[Cr(CN)6].
Its molecular structure could be idealized as HOOC-CH(NH
          
Isoxsuprine is a β2 adrenoreceptor agonist that causes direct relaxation of uterine and vascular smooth muscle via β2 receptors.
All arsenic compounds are highly toxic and thus find only limited commercial applications.
The name "yellowcake" originally given to this bright yellow substance, now applies to mixtures of uranium oxides which are actually hardly ever yellow.
graphene sheets rolled on themselves, but the properties are very different.
Di-tert-butyl peroxide or DTBP is an organic compound consisting of a peroxide group bonded to two tert-butyl groups.
Pseudomonas pyrrocinia and other Pseudomonas species produce pyrrolnitrin from tryptophan as secondary metabolite.
Laudanosine also occurs naturally in minute amounts in opium, from which it was first isolated in 1871.
Presently, erythromycin is commonly used off-label for gastric motility indications such as gastroparesis.
However, for many, the side effects are negligible.
Alliin was the first natural product found to have both carbon- and sulfur-centered stereochemistry.
The name stilbene is derived from the Greek word stilbos, which means shining.
Dietary sources include fish, dairy products, and meat.
Uranium carbide fuel was used in late designs of nuclear thermal rockets.
It is an analog of spiperone and also has some dopamine antagonist effects.
It is useful for its low volatility and fast cure response.
Digallane had been reported as early as 1941 by Wiberg; however, this claim could not be verified by later work by Greenwood and others.
Technetium tetrachloride has also been prepared from the reaction of ditechnetium heptoxide with carbon tetrachloride in a bomb reaction vessel at elevated temperature and pressure:
It is an isomer of 2-pentyne, an internal alkyne.
It is used as a precursor to many other organic compounds, such as aryl ethers.
Imidazoleglycerol-phosphate dehydratase is an enzyme catalyzing the sixth step of histidine production.
Myclobutanil is banned in Canada, Colorado, Washington, and Oregon for the production of marijuana.
First produced in the 1930s, it is marketed under many trade names.
^ Martinez M. "Tissue levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids during early human development".
1,8-Octanediol is a white crystalline solid at room temperature and pressure.
Because hypericin accumulates preferentially in cancerous tissues, it is also used as an indicator of cancerous cells.
In regular water, about 1 molecule in 3,200 is HDO.
n-Propyl iodide is a colorless, flammable chemical compound.
Lithium fluoride is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula LiF.
Terbium(III) oxide, also known as terbium sesquioxide, is a sesquioxide of the rare earth metal terbium, having chemical formula Tb
The specific rotation is −148° in ethanol.
DIP is a red dye and has been used as active material for optical recording.
Xanthurenic acid, or xanthurenate, is a chemical shown to induce gametogenesis of Plasmodium falciparum, the parasite that causes malaria.
In other studies, Ag-Ag2MoO4 composites prepared by microwave-assisted hydrothermal synthesis presented interesting photocatalytic activity for the degradation of Rhodamine B under visible light.
Uracil  is one of the four nucleobases in the nucleic acid of RNA that are represented by the letters A, G, C and U.
The organosulfur ligand in the medicine thiomersal is a thiophenol.
In 2005, about one billion kilograms were produced annually.
The commercial product is a mixture of stereoisomers.
They cause disruption of intermolecular interactions and dissociation of lipid bilayers.
Gluconasturtiin is named from its occurrence in watercress.
4-MeO-MiPT, or 4-methoxy-N-methyl-N-isopropyltryptamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug.
Phycoerythrobilin is present in the phycobiliprotein phycoerythrin, of which it is the terminal acceptor of energy.
This species exists as a gas at standard conditions.
Pinacolyl alcohol appears on the List of Schedule 2 substances as a precursor for the nerve agent Soman.
1,3-Dioxetane is a heterocyclic organic compound with formula C2O2H4, whose backbone is a four-member ring of alternating oxygen and carbon atoms.
Its particle density is 8.3 g cm−3.
Solketal has been used extensively in the synthesis of mono-, di- and triglycerides by ester bond formation.
The salt is stable in hot alkaline aqueous solution, from which it can be recrystallized.
This colourless, sharp-smelling liquid, the diacid chloride of oxalic acid, is a useful reagent in organic synthesis.
This compound is produced as a step in the Alcan process to smelt aluminium from an aluminium-rich alloy.
It is an acidic viscous liquid with a pKa of 4.5.
Pure homocapsaicin is a lipophilic colorless odorless crystalline to waxy compound.
Polyethylenimine or polyaziridine is a polymer with repeating unit composed of the amine group and two carbon aliphatic CH2CH2 spacer.
Stannous fluoride converts the calcium mineral apatite into fluorapatite, which makes tooth enamel more resistant to bacteria-generated acid attacks.
Forskolin is a labdane diterpene that is produced by the Indian Coleus plant.
It is synthesized by destructive nitration of 2,4,6-tricarboxyl-1,3,5-triazine.
It forms colourless crystals, which melt at 4.5 °C: the liquid range is extremely narrow, with the boiling point at 4.77 °C.
Mercury(II) sulfate, commonly called mercuric sulfate, is the chemical compound HgSO4.
2-Nitrobenzaldehyde once was produced as an intermediate in the synthesis of the popular dye Indigo.
            2
Salts of usnic acid are called usnates.
It is used as an intermediate for the manufacturing of dyes, pharmaceuticals and pesticides.
His patent claimed that the voltage and current for six "joints" was 3V at 3A.
It is believed that P. syringae benefits from the release of nutrients that occurs as a consequence of cellular lysis.
The carbon atom has a lone-pair and a single unpaired electron in the ground state.
TCEPphosphine) is a reducing agent frequently used in biochemistry and molecular biology applications.
PGPR is a yellowish, viscous liquid, and is strongly lipophilic: it is soluble in fats and oils and insoluble in water and ethanol.
Phthalocyanines form coordination complexes with most elements of the periodic table.
It can exist as an uncharged free base which could allow it to cross the blood–brain barrier and cause unwanted central nervous system side effects.
Monosodium glutamate is found naturally in tomatoes, cheese and other foods.
It is a colorless liquid, but commercial samples often appear brown due to impurities.
tert-Butyl formate, also known as formic acid tert-butylester and TBF, is a chemical compound with molecular formula C5H10O2.
The octanitrocubane molecule has the same chemical structure as cubane except that each of the eight hydrogen atoms is replaced by a nitro group.
Hypochlorites are frequently quite unstable in their pure forms and for this reason are normally handled as aqueous solutions.
It cleaves aryl ethers and deoxygenates epoxides.
Mesoxalic acid readily absorbs and reacts with water to form a product commonly called "mesoxalic acidhydrate", more properly dihydroxymalonic acid, HO-(C=O)-C(OH)2-(C=O)-OH.
N-Methylethanolamine can be prepared by the reaction of ethylene oxide with methylamine.
Carbonyl cyanide-4-(trifluoromethoxy)phenylhydrazone is an ionophore that is a mobile ion carrier.
4 CH3COOH + 2 Cr(C5H5)2 → Cr2(O2CCH3)4 + 4 C5H6
Aluminium monofluoride is the chemical compound with the formula AlF.
Skatole is also used by U.S. military in its non-lethal weaponry; specifically, malodorants.
The molecule is related to citric acid by the addition of one methylene unit, hence the prefix "homo."
Red 33 is a disodium salt of 5-amino-4-hydroxy-3-(phenolazo)-2,7-naphthalenedisulfonic acid.
The European Food Safety Authority has concluded that calcium citrate malate is "slightly more bioavailable" than other forms of calcium supplementation.
The salt is deep blue in color and paramagnetic.
Isocyanic acid is an organic compound with the formula HNCO, discovered in 1830 by Liebig and Wöhler.
Cadmium tungstate was used as a replacement of calcium tungstate in some fluoroscopes since 1940's.
Nitrosoproline is a nitroso derivative of the amino acid proline.
This colourless salt has a taste similar to that of sodium chloride and is used as a metabolic poison.
It also forms in the reaction of ammonia with methyl chloroformate or dimethyl carbonate.
          2
As an anion it functions as a stable fluorosurfactant because of the strength of carbon–fluorine bonds.
24-dehydrocholesterol reductase catalyses the reduction of desmosterol to cholesterol.
Raspberry ketone is a natural phenolic compound that is the primary aroma compound of red raspberries.
Piceatannol is a stilbenoid, a type of phenolic compound.
Decanal is an organic compound with the chemical formula C9H19CHO.
When used in an HWE reaction with a carbonyl the resulting alkene formed is usually the E alkene, and is generated with excellent regioselectivity.
This causes homocysteine levels to rise, which has been shown to produce cardiovascular and skeletal problems.
Indium(III) oxide is a chemical compound, an amphoteric oxide of indium.
Niacin cannot be directly converted to nicotinamide, but both compounds are precursors of the coenzymes nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate in vivo.
Dimethyl methylphosphonate is an organophosphorus compound with the chemical formula C3H9O3P or CH3PO(OCH3)2.
Many metals form binary compounds containing arsenic, and these are called arsenides.
It is stable enough to exist in normal conditions, but it is generally reactive and used extensively as an electrophile in the nitration of other substances.
It is a white solid with a disagreeable odor.
It is the active ingredient in Crest Pro Health brand toothpaste.
Pyrogallol is an organic compound with the formula C6H3(OH)3.
Isoguanine or 2-hydroxyadenine is a purine base that is an isomer of guanine.
One such commercial product is called Polyclar.
Leukotriene antagonists are used to treat these disorders by inhibiting the production or activity of leukotrienes.
The compound is a slightly viscous liquid that is slightly unstable and is not often encountered in pure form.
This effect of gluconasturtiin is most likely due to its degradation by the plant enzyme myrosinase into phenethyl isothiocyanate, which is toxic to many organisms.
Bromates are formed many different ways in municipal drinking water.
It is a colorless liquid, with a pleasant odor and slight solubility in water.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is normally used as a standard magenta in the three and four color printing processes.
It is commonly called alumina, and may also be called aloxide, aloxite, or alundum depending on particular forms or applications.
Davicil is a chlorinated pyridine derivative with antimicrobial properties, which is used as a fungicide.
Indium sulfate also can be found in basic salts, acidic salts or double salts including indium alum.
Gallium phosphide has applications in optical systems.
Nitronium perchlorate, NO2ClO4, also known as nitryl perchlorate and nitroxyl perchlorate, is an inorganic chemical, the salt of the perchlorate anion and the nitronium cation.
It is unclear if it is safe for use during breastfeeding.
Magnesium carbonate, MgCO3, is an inorganic salt that is a white solid.
As a mineral, it is known as tenorite and paramelaconite.
It is a potent acetylcholinesterase inhibitor with properties similar to other nerve agents, being a highly poisonous vapour.
OMP is formed from orotate and phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate by the enzyme orotate phosphoribosyltransferase
When treated with a strong base, it is prone to undergo an E2 reaction, which is a bimolecular elimination reaction, resulting in 2-butene, an alkene.
Because palytoxin can affect every type of cell in the body, the symptoms can be very different for the various routes of exposure.
Additional research seeks to understand its potential for causing antibacterial resistance and its effects on organismal and environmental health.
The keto form is complementary to adenine, so it can be incorporated into DNA by aligning opposite adenine residues during DNA replication.
It is also toxic to human beings and animals.
N-Oxalylglycine is the organic compound with the formula HO2CC(O)NHCH2CO2H.
Guanidine is the compound with the formula HNC(NH
Levomefolic acid is generated by MTHFR from 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate and used to recycle homocysteine back to methionine by methionine synthase.
The compound is of mainly theoretical interest but it is environmentally occurring and weakly carcinogenic.
It is derived from precarthamin by a decarboxylase.
Together they show a synergistic effect in protection.
Typically available as a white powder, it was commonly used as a developer for black-and-white film, marketed under the name Rodinal.
Its boiling point is 220 degrees Celsius, 428 degrees Fahrenheit.
It is of scientific interest because it is a geodesic polyarene and can be considered a fragment of buckminsterfullerene.
Lead styphnate is known in various polymorphs, hydrates, and basic salts.
Molybdenum tetrachloride is the inorganic compound with the empirical formula MoCl4.
It was introduced as a developing agent for photographic papers in 1892.
Although there are studies which indicate the disease prevention benefits of lignans, the results are not yet conclusive.
At high doses liver problems may occur.
The other lithium-rich compounds are produced by reacting lithium vapor with chlorinated hydrocarbons, e.g.
It has broad efficacy against various insects and is almost colorless and odorless.
Like carnitine, carnosine is composed of the root word carn, meaning flesh, alluding to its prevalence in animal protein.
Fenthion is an organothiophosphate insecticide, avicide, and acaricide.
DMCPA produces open-eye visuals, anorexia, and psychedelic dreams.
It is classified as highly flammable and an irritant.
It too has been used as pigment, sometimes under the name mountain blue or blue verditer.
Calcium alginate is also used for entrapment of enzymes and forming artificial seeds in plant tissue culture.
The 1R isomers show strong insecticidal activity, while the 1S isomers do not.
Though the benzene ring is stabilized by aromaticity, the cyclobutadiene portion has a destabilizing effect.
Norcamphor is prepared from norbornene via the 2-formate ester, which is oxidized.
In authentic orange juice, for example, the ratio of citric acid to D-isocitric acid is usually less than 130.
It is formed from episterol through action of the enzyme lathosterol oxidase, and is then converted into 24-methylenecholesterol by 7-dehydrocholesterol reductase.
Cyclopropatriene is a hypothetical allotrope of carbon that was once proposed as a candidate for a spectroscopically observed tricarbon species.
            
Tumor promotion can be induced with treatments of 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate in some models of two-stage carcinogenesis.
The D-form has a peppermint-like aroma and has been isolated from the oils of plants from the genera Cymbopogon, Andropogon, and Mentha.
            
o-Toluic acid, also 2-methylbenzoic acid, is an aromatic carboxylic acid, with formulaC6H4(COOH).
Niobium nitride is a compound of niobium and nitrogen with the chemical formula NbN.
Important chloroformate esters include 4-nitrophenyl chloroformate, fluorenylmethyloxycarbonylchloride, benzyl chloroformate and ethyl chloroformate.
Amitraz has been found to have an insect repellent effect, works as an insecticide and also as a pesticide synergist.
Tyrosol present in wine is also shown to be cardioprotective.
1,4,7-Triazacyclononane, known as "TACN" which is pronounced "tack-en," is a cyclic organic compound with the formula C6H12(NH)3.
In terms of chemical composition, it is the ether of lactic acid and glucosamine.
This compound is commercially available and used as a catalyst precursor in organic synthesis.
This low melting colorless solid is a powerful lachrymator.
Under standard conditions, it is a colorless liquid.
This suggests that 5-MeO-pyr-T could cause potentially hazardous random behavior at high doses.
It volatilizes readily at room temperature and has a pungent smell.
Polyester makes up about 18% of world polymer production and is the fourth-most-produced polymer; polyethylene, polypropylene and polyvinyl chloride are first, second and third, respectively.
TPP works as a coenzyme in many enzymatic reactions, such as:
In contrast, it can be used with phosphate-buffered saline or MOPS.
Usually cobalt sulfate refers to the hydrate CoSO4.7H2O, which is one of the most commonly available salts of cobalt.
Equally appropriate names in biochemical context include glycero-1-phosphate, 1-O-phosphonoglycerol, and 1-phosphoglycerol.
1,2-Dioxetanedione is an intermediate in the chemoluminescent reactions used in glowsticks.
Tetrazene-3-guanyl tetrazene hydrate) is an explosive material used for sensitization of the priming compositions.
Trinitrotriazine, or 2,4,6-trinitro-1,3,5-triazine, is a theoretical explosive compound.
Cadmium sulfide is the inorganic compound with the formula CdS.
Its toxicity is similar to TCDD, but it is about 3000 times weaker.
Another name for the color is Berlin blue or, in painting, Parisian or Paris blue.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 0.21 to 0.53 USD per 100 mls.
A pesticide sold with the name MIMIC has ecdysteroid activity, although its chemical structure has little resemblance to the ecdysteroids.
Other side effects include liver problems and allergic reactions.
Today, artificial vanillin is made either from guaiacol or lignin.
Allyl alcohol is an organic compound with the structural formula CH2=CHCH2OH.
Use of a higher catalyst loading, larger amount of the co-oxidant, and addition of two equivalents of water.
Equol can exist in two enantiomeric forms,-equol and-equol.-Equol preferentially binds estrogen receptor beta.
A laboratory synthesis of this compound was developed in 2004.
Also known as hafnia, this colourless solid is one of the most common and stable compounds of hafnium.
Like other terpenes, the ocimenes are nearly insoluble in water, but soluble in common organic solvents.
ThDP + ATP ↔ AThTP + PPi
In pure form, it has the anti-bixbyite structure.
It can be isolated from Vinca erecta or from the common locust Robinia pseudoacacia.
Perhaps the first report of TTFA as an inhibitor of respiration was by A. L. Tappel in 1960.
N-Acetylmuramic acid, or MurNAc, is the ether of lactic acid and N-acetylglucosamine with a chemical formula of C11H19NO8.
It has also shown some antimalarial effects.
Isobenzofuran is highly reactive and rapidly polymerizes; however, it has been identified and prepared by thermolysis of suitable precursors and trapped at low temperature.
It is also produced when glucose is caramelized.
It may react with peroxides, oxygen, nitric acid and sulfuric acid.
In IUPAC nomenclature, acetyl is called ethanoyl, although this term is rarely heard.
PTFE has one of the lowest coefficients of friction of any solid.
As a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, IBMX has IC50 = 2–50 μM and does not inhibit PDE8 or PDE9.
It can be denoted by the symbols NH3(aq).
            
TCDD, it is not bioaccumulated as effectively and it is toxicologically less important than the most prevalent dioxins.
It is derived from hemicellulose, one of the main constituents of biomass.
The commonly encountered salt is the pentahydrate.
Tetraphenylene is an organic compound, solid at room temperature, with the chemical formula C24H16.
Arbutin is a glycoside; a glycosylated hydroquinone extracted from the bearberry plant in the genus Arctostaphylos.
Naphthylthiourea is available as 10% active baits in suitable protein- or carbohydrate-rich materials and as a 20% tracking powder.
2ClSO3H + H2O2 → H2S2O8 + 2 HCl
Out of the many ARIs developed, ranirestat and fidarestat are in the trial stage.
This pyramidal molecule is the only known binary arsenic bromide.
The tropone moiety can be found in biomolecules such as colchicine, stipitatic acid and hinokitiol.
In the most significant isomer, fluoren-9-ol or 9-hydroxyfluorene, the hydroxy group is located on the bridging carbon between the two benzene rings.
The product could be a flame or a toxic substance.
When the extra hydrogen atoms are tritium, it is a radiolabeled form of alprenolol, which is used to label beta-adrenergic receptors for isolation.
The instability of the graphite-like B2O phase was also predicted theoretically.
This amino acid is structurally related to ornithine and is a potent insecticide.
TCA is usually produced when naturally occurring airborne fungi and bacteria are presented with chlorinated phenolic compounds, which they then convert into chlorinated anisole derivatives.
Methanol is produced naturally in the anaerobic metabolism of many varieties of bacteria, and is commonly present in small amounts in the environment.
Iron(II) bromide is the chemical compound with the chemical formula FeBr2.
It is a crystalline solid, which reacts vigorously with water to form boric acid.
Solutions of ammonium chloride are mildly acidic.
Light Green SF is a green triarylmethane dye.
Diazolidinyl urea is found in the commercially available preservative Germaben.
It has effects similar to digitalis, blocking the Na+/K+ pump in heart tissue.
It is a triazene dye used as a stain and fluorescent indicator in microscopy.
This use relies on the fact that rhodamine 123 accumulates in membranes in a manner which is dependent on membrane polarization.
It is commonly used as a propellant and refrigerant.
Barium chloride is the inorganic compound with the formula BaCl2.
Although the pyrans themselves have little significance in chemistry, many of their derivatives are important biological molecules, such as the pyranoflavonoids.
It therefore exists as the enantiomeric and pair, as well as the achiral meso isomer.
It is commonly referred to as gold(III) bromide, gold tribromide, and rarely but traditionally auric bromide, and sometimes as digold hexabromide.
Like all silanes, the TMS framework is tetrahedral.
Ethanedisulfonic acid is a diprotic sulfonic acid, with pKa values of -1.46 and -2.06, making it a very strong acid.
Ammonium benzoate, a white solid, is the ammonium salt of benzoic acid.
Picloram is a systemic herbicide used for general woody plant control.
Melezitose can be partially hydrolyzed to glucose and turanose the latter of which is an isomer of sucrose.
Structurally the B atoms form graphite-like sheets with Al atoms between them, and this is very similar to the structure of magnesium diboride.
6, is a sulfur oxoanion  derived from dithionic acid, H2S2O6.
However, reacting with potassium hydroxide would compete with an SN2 nucleophilic substitution reaction because OH−-ion is a strong, sterically unhindered nucleophile.
It is closely related to stanozolol, differing from it only in hydrogenation.
It is used as a desiccant, a catalyst, and as fertilizer.
The term "chlorogenic acids" refers to a related polyphenol family of esters, including hydroxycinnamic acids with quinic acid.
In its solid state, it is white and water-soluble.
By convention the term "amino acid", when used without a qualifier, refers specifically to an alpha amino acid.
Benzanilide or N-phenylbenzamide is a simple amide.
It is a precursor to many S-N compounds and has attracted wide interest for its unusual structure and bonding.
m-Anisidine one of the three isomers of anisidine.
3-Ureidopropionic acid, also called N-carbamoyl-beta-alanine, is an intermediate in the metabolism of uracil.
Allolactose is a disaccharide similar to lactose.
It belongs to a group of compounds called heteroarenes that have the general formula C5H5E.
It is a white water-soluble solid that is used to prepare dense aqueous solutions for use in isopycnic centrifugation.
It is therefore an alkane, specifically the most compact and heavily branched of the heptane isomers, the only one with a butane backbone.
It has an unpleasant smell and acrid taste, with a sweetish aftertaste similar to ether.
As a medication it is used to treat hyperthyroidism, in radiation emergencies, and to protect the thyroid gland when certain types of radiopharmaceuticals are used.
It would be an oxide of carbon, indeed a tetramer of carbon monoxide.
Trichloroacetic acid is an analogue of acetic acid in which the three hydrogen atoms of the methyl group have all been replaced by chlorine atoms.
Under U.S. Food and Drug Administration labeling requirements, it has a caloric value of 0.2 calories per gram, though nutritional labeling varies from country to country.
ADP is a widely used crystal in the field of optics due to its birefringence properties.
Lutein is found in egg yolks and animal fats.
Neopentane, also called 2,2-dimethylpropane, is a double-branched-chain alkane with five carbon atoms.
It is an oxide where lead is in an oxidation state of +4.
It can be prepared through the reaction of bromine with calcium hydroxide suspension; the calcium hypobromite formed decomposes with heating to yield calcium bromate and bromide.
It is structurally related to toluene, with a silyl group replacing the methyl group.
Placing thiol functional groups at the end of the legs enables them to "stand" on a gold surface.
Thioflavin T is obtained by the methylation of dehydrothiotoluidine with methanol in the presence of hydrochloric acid.
It is a hexa-peptide containing the unusual amino acid statine-4-amino-3-hydroxy-6-methylheptanoic acid), having the sequence Isovaleryl-Val-Val-Sta-Ala-Sta.
The material is generally considered as non-toxic.
            H
Poly(p-phenylene vinylene) is a conducting polymer of the rigid-rod polymer family.
Barium chlorate, Ba(ClO3)2, is a white crystalline solid, the barium salt of chloric acid.
Like other peroxyacids, it may be used to generate epoxides, such as styrene oxide from styrene:
Astilbin is a flavanonol, a type of flavonoid.
This orange-red liquid is a valuable reagent but also quite dangerous and explodes upon heating.
Glucosamine is one of the most abundant monosaccharides.
Apigenin, found in many plants, is a natural product belonging to the flavone class that is the aglycone of several naturally occurring glycosides.
It is essential in humans, meaning the body cannot synthesize it, and must be ingested in our diet.
It is a zwitterionic buffer with a useful buffering range of 6.1-7.5.
It is a powerful yet selective oxidizing agent which finds use in organic synthesis.
In his book PiHKAL, the dosage range is listed as 100–150 mg, and the duration listed as 10–16 hours.
Dibutylboron trifluoromethanesulfonate is a reagent in organic chemistry.
It works as an effective source of aluminium hydroxide for many industrial and technical applications.
Piperidine is an organic compound with the molecular formula5NH.
Ozone's odour is sharp, reminiscent of chlorine, and detectable by many people at concentrations of as little as 100 ppb in air.
Biologically, CPA is a specific inhibitor of SERCA ATPase in intracellular Ca2+ storage sites.
It is a colourless liquid which is primarily used as a flame retardant.
The ring conformation of α-Altropyranoside is flexible compared to most other aldohexopyranosides, with idose as exception.
When the compound is heated on a flat copper surface, the linkers raise up, alternating from side to side, and propel the molecule forward.
It is unusual in being one of the few water-insoluble metal iodides, along with AgI, SnI2, SnI4, PbI2 and HgI2.
Hydrazine sulfate is used as a precursor to hydrazine.
Depending on the plant, starch generally contains 20 to 25% amylose and 75 to 80% amylopectin by weight.
Since 2008, several governments have investigated its safety, which prompted some retailers to withdraw polycarbonate products.
Iron(II) hydroxide or ferrous hydroxide is an inorganic compound with the formula Fe(OH)2.
Brand names of clopyralid in the US market include Stinger, Transline, Reclaim, Curtail, Confront, Clopyr AG, Lontrel, Millennium Ultra, Millenium Ultra Plus and Redeem.
HFB, as it is known also, is a particularly electrophilic acetylene, hence a potent dienophile for Diels–Alder reactions.
The most common use of polycaprolactone is in the manufacture of speciality polyurethanes.
Because of their toxicity, these reagents are rarely used nowadays.
It is used as a flour improver in some countries.
The molecule resembles naphthalene with positions 1 and 8 connected by a C2H2 unit.
Alliin has also been found to affect immune responses in blood.
When bound to DNA, it is very similar spectrally to fluorescein, with an excitation maximum at 502 nm and an emission maximum at 525 nm.
It was discovered in 1958 during research on local anesthetics by MacFarlan Smith of Edinburgh, Scotland, and registered under the trademark Bitrex.
4,5-Dihydroorotic acid is a derivative of orotic acid which serves as an intermediate in pyrimidine biosynthesis.
In excess, it can cause sedation, muscle weakness, hypotension, and coma.
It is normally supplied as a 69–70% aqueous solution.
Levosulpiride is a substituted benzamide antipsychotic, reported to be a selective antagonist of dopamine D2 receptor activity on both central and peripheral levels.
Both of these compounds have similar densities and boiling points due to these similarities.
This finding is an extension of the Miller–Urey experiment and it is suggested that carbonyl sulfide played a significant role in the origin of life.
In July 2012, an EU harmonised classification and labelling for HBCD entered into force.
Oxatriquinane was first described in 2008, and was obtained after a five-step synthesis starting from cyclononatriene.
It is a water-insoluble pale yellow oil with an almond-like odor.
These insects are implicated in the transmission of Chagas disease in the Americas.
Both palladium and copper complexes of the compound exhibit high activity for the coupling of aryl halides and aryl tosylates with various amides.
PEG 400 is a low-molecular-weight grade of polyethylene glycol.
Kainate receptors likely control a sodium channel that produces excitatory postsynaptic potentials when glutamate binds.
Disilane and ethane have similar structures, although disilane is much more reactive.
Structurally, it is an ester of carbamic acid.
It is a disulfite and is chemically very similar to sodium metabisulfite, with which it is sometimes used interchangeably.
Under standard conditions, potassium bromide is a white crystalline powder.
It is a complex salt, containing both carbonate and hydroxide ions.
All plants and animals produce squalene as a biochemical intermediate, including humans.
It is used in ophthalmology, among fluorescein and rose bengal, to diagnose various disorders of the eye's surface.
Although it is not miscible with water, it is miscible with many organic solvents.
It will, however, have its main physiological effects on vascular SMC's due to the form in which it is administered.
Neopterin serves as a marker of cellular immune system activation.
Like other highly nitrated organic compounds, picric acid is an explosive, which was once its primary use.
Sorbose is a ketose belonging to the group of sugars known as monosaccharides.
It is a colorless liquid, although it is usually encountered as a solution.
BHA also is commonly used in medicines, such as isotretinoin, lovastatin, and simvastatin, among others.
Endosulfan became a highly controversial agrichemical due to its acute toxicity, potential for bioaccumulation, and role as an endocrine disruptor.
Acute exposure to o-anisidine results in skin irritation in humans.
In the United States there was no generic version available as of 2015.
Rehydration then allows normal cellular activity to be resumed without the major, lethal damage that would normally follow a dehydration/rehydration cycle.
It has low to moderate acute toxicity, with kidney and liver effects as the main hazard concerns.
Phycourobilin is a tetrapyrrole orange molecule involved in photosynthesis in cyanobacteria and red algae.
It is also an intermediate in the metabolism of leucine.
Octadecane is an alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH3(CH2)16CH3.
FAD can exist in four different redox states, which are the flavin-N(5)-oxide, quinone, semiquinone, and hydroquinone.
Epinine has been found in plants, insects and animals.
This compound can be seen as a methane molecule, whose four hydrogen atoms are each replaced with a different halogen atom.
Further reaction with carbon or hydrogen gas reduces tungsten trioxide to the pure metal.
A more recent enantioselective synthesis involves an intramolecular aldol addition/dehydration reaction of a macrocyclic diketone.
The monomers can be almost perfectly alternating, making it an alternating copolymer[citation needed], but copolymerisation with less than 50% maleic anhydride content is also possible.
fMet plays a crucial part in the protein synthesis of bacteria, mitochondria and chloroplasts.
As a substituent or radical its name takes the form of the prefix uridylyl-.
This blue-green colour is typical of hydrated nickel(II) compounds.
Silver(I) telluride occurs naturally as the mineral hessite, whereas silver(II) telluride is known as empressite.
Disperse Orange 1 contains approximately 25% dye by weight, with the remaining mass consisting of NaCl and other salts.
High pressure applied during the synthesis of B6O can significantly increase the crystallinity, oxygen stoichiometry, and crystal size of the products.
Lodenosine is a failed experimental agent for the treatment of HIV.
AS-8112 is a synthetic compound that acts as a selective antagonist at the dopamine receptor subtypes D2 and D3, and the serotonin receptor 5-HT3.
Isolation of β-carotene from fruits abundant in carotenoids is commonly done using column chromatography.
Its chemical formula is sometimes written in a semistructural format, as [O3SSO3]2−.
It has the appearance of a light yellow to brown-green powder with melting point of 170 °C.
Perilla ketone is a natural terpenoid that consists of a furan ring with a six-carbon side chain containing a ketone functional group.
In the chemical vapor transport method of growing crystals of gallium arsenide uses iodine as the transport agent.
Hexafluoroacetone is a chemical compound with the formula CF3-CO-CF3.
Sulfamic acid may be considered an intermediate compound between sulfuric acid, and sulfamide, effectively replacing an –OH group with an –NH2 group at each step.
a chelating alkene-1,2-dithiolate that serves as a non-innocent ligand for transition metals and is commonly used in coordination chemistry.
It has also been found in plants.
Cycloheximide is a eukaryote protein synthesis inhibitor, produced by the bacterium Streptomyces griseus.
Chromium dioxide or chromium(IV) oxide is an inorganic compound with the formula CrO2.
Due to the rarity of the disorder, tiopronin falls under the classification of an orphan drug.
Annonacin is a neurotoxic chemical compound found in some fruits such as the paw paw, soursop, and others from the family Annonaceae.
The free acid is poorly soluble in water, so it is only used as its soluble salts.
Fuculose or 6-deoxy-tagatose is a ketohexose deoxy sugar.
It has anticoagulant effects and is used commercially as a rodenticide.
Hydroxylamine oxidoreductase further oxidizes hydroxylamine to nitrite.
It is an amber-colored liquid with a faint fruity odor which is essentially nontoxic to humans when ingested or inhaled.
The Au-Xe bond length is 274 pm.
It is manufactured for use in safety matches, military ammunition, explosives and fireworks.
Creatine synthesis primarily occurs in the liver and kidneys.
Ganoderic acids are a class of closely related triterpenoids found in Ganoderma mushrooms.
Octadecene is a long-chain hydrocarbon and an alkene with the molecular formula C18H36.
The natural derivative S-methylmethionine is biosynthesized from L-methionine which is first converted to S-adenosylmethionine.
It would be an oxide of carbon, indeed a pentamer of carbon monoxide.
The phosphorus is connected to a phenyl group and two methyl groups, making it the simplest aromatic alkylphosphine.
It is found in industrial processes involving 1,3-butadiene, including the manufacture of lauric acid.
This yellow crystalline solid compound is soluble in common nonpolar organic solvents.
Tin(II) chloride should not be confused with the other chloride of tin; tin(IV) chloride or stannic chloride.
It is a white solid that is soluble in organic solvents.
It does not involve the underlying skin pigmentation nor does it require exposure to ultraviolet light to initiate the color change.
From a historical reason, it is also known as L-glycerol 3-phosphate, D-glycerol 1-phosphate, L-α-glycerophosphoric acid.
HOF is an intermediate in the oxidation of water by fluorine, which produces hydrogen fluoride, oxygen difluoride, hydrogen peroxide, ozone and oxygen.
The liver forms it by combining two ammonia molecules with a carbon dioxide molecule in the urea cycle.
Because both enantiomers are found in nature, and because ethyl lactate is easily biodegradable, it is considered to be a "green solvent."
It is incompatible with strong oxidizing agents.
Victoria blues are members of the triarylmethane dyes, but unlike most such dyes, the Victoria blues have an naphthylamine group.
Collidinium p-toluenesulfonate or CPTS is a salt between p-toluenesulfonic acid and collidine.
Its IUPAC name is 6-methoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-β-carboline, usually abbreviated as 6-MeO-THBC, and its more common name is a combination of "pineal beta-carboline".
The dye dissolves very well in water as well as other polar solvents, e.g., Dimethylformamide, acetonitrile.
Apocynin, also known as acetovanillone, is a natural organic compound structurally related to vanillin.
The CCCP affects the protein synthesis reactions in seedling mitochondria.
Irofulven is an analogue of illudin S, a sesquiterpene toxin found in the Jack 'o' Lantern mushroom.
It has also been used as a solvent for resins and plasticizers.
They are critical compounds in a large number of biological group transfer reactions.
As with all yellowcake process the selection of this end product is dependent on the properties of the ore to be processed.
19140, FD&C Yellow 5, Acid Yellow 23, Food Yellow 4, and trisodium 1-(4-sulfonatophenyl)-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-pyrazolone-3-carboxylate).
TiCl4 is an unusual example of a metal halide that is highly volatile.
The prefix plasto- means either plastid or chloroplast, alluding to its location within the cell.
As with other fatty alcohols, octane-1,8-diol is used in cosmetics as an emollient and humectant.
Chlorinated polyvinyl chloride is a thermoplastic produced by chlorination of polyvinyl chloride resin which is significantly more flexible and can withstand higher temperatures than standard PVC.
The p-methoxy derivative is reported to be a monoamine oxidase inhibitor.
In animal models, ZM-241,385 has been shown to protect against beta amyloid neurotoxicity and therefore may be useful as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Palatinol BB, Unimoll BB, Sicol 160, or Santicizer 160.
L-Alanine is second only to leucine in rate of occurrence, accounting for 7.8% of the primary structure in a sample of 1,150 proteins.
In all, there are five known forms.
Known under various commercial names, it is a colorant for foods and other substances.
It is a colorless crystalline solid, which reacts with water to form the corrosive acids HF and HNO3.
It has been reported that cyromazine can also be converted to melamine in plants.
Perchlorate is the anion resulting from the dissociation of perchloric acid and its salts upon their dissolution in water.
Juvenile hormone must be absent for a pupa to molt to an adult, so methoprene-treated larvae will be unable to successfully change from pupae to adults.
It is found in parasitic protozoa such as leishmania and trypanosomes.
This page is for the iodide ion and its salts, not organoiodine compounds.
GMP consists of the phosphate group, the pentose sugar ribose, and the nucleobase guanine; hence it is a ribonucleoside monophosphate.
The first 16 amino acids are identical to α-endorphin.
Salts derived from this acid are called phosphinates.
A separate locus contains a putative regulatory gene, crdR.
Ethanol, also called alcohol, ethyl alcohol, and drinking alcohol, is the principal type of alcohol found in alcoholic beverages.
It is one of the strongest oxidants known and is highly explosive.
It is one of the few strong acids that is solid and, hence, conveniently weighed.
This white solid forms upon treatment of solutions containing Ag+ with cyanide.
UCl3 is used mostly to reprocess spent nuclear fuel.
In Drosophila, geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate is synthesised by HMG-CoA encoded by the Columbus gene.
With a bioactivity of 0.1 nM it is 10,000-10,000,000 times more potent than any other natural compound, such as IPP or alkyl amines.
It has a mint-like, cinnamon odor and is primarily responsible for the flavor of perilla.
HBCD's toxicity and its harm to the environment are currently discussed.
It is used in the first step of the shikimate pathway.
A method of producing Tl2O3 by MOCVD is known.
Nitroxyl is very reactive towards nucleophiles and quickly dimerizes to hyponitrous acid, H2N2O2, which is then dehydrated to nitrous oxide N2O.
The hexahydrate is obtained from a reaction between metallic aluminum or aluminum hydroxide with hydrogen iodide or hydroiodic acid.
3-Aminoisobutyric acid is a product formed by the catabolism of thymine.
The "retro" appeal of old Bakelite products has made them collectible.
Harmalol is a bioactive beta-carboline and a member of the harmala alkaloids.
The normal form of gallium(II) sulfide as made from the elements has a hexagonal layer structure containing Ga24+ units which have a Ga-Ga distance of 248pm.
Isopropyl chloride is a colorless, flammable chemical compound.
It is a chiral molecule, consisting of R and S enantiomers.
Corannulene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon with chemical formula C20H10.
It is the sodium salt of trimetaphosphoric acid.
It has a convenient liquid range and a high dielectric constant of 38.8.
The α-phellandrene isomer can form hazardous and explosive peroxides on contact with air at elevated temperatures.
It is used for determining cardiac output, hepatic function, and liver blood flow, and for ophthalmic angiography.
PZT is a white solid that is insoluble in all solvents.
These contain an iron-sulfur center of a very different type, which also usually contains molybdenum.
Methanesulfonic acid can dissolve a wide range of metal salts, many of them in significantly higher concentrations than in hydrochloric or sulphuric acid.
Chromium(III) picolinate is a chemical compound sold as a nutritional supplement to treat type 2 diabetes and promote weight loss.
Eledoisin has the amino acid sequence pGlu-Pro-Ser-Lys-Asp-Ala-Phe-Ile-Gly-Leu-Met-NH2.
Spilanthol is a fatty acid amide isolated from Acmella oleracea.
Indazole derivatives display a broad variety of biological activities.
Its odor detection threshold is very low and it is one of the chemicals with major influence on the quality of drinking water.
There have been a few attempts to synthesize benzotriyne, e.g.
NH4N3 is physiologically active and inhalation of small amounts causes headaches and palpitations.
It is a colorless crystalline material that is widely used as a building block in organic synthesis and as a ligand in organometallic chemistry.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 0.02 to 0.06 USD per gram.
This colourless solid is the precursor to most hafnium organometallic compounds.
Copper phosphide, Cu3P, also copper(I) phosphide, cuprous phosphide, cuprophosphorus and phosphor copper, is a compound of copper and phosphorus, a phosphide of copper.
However, because it is neither radioactive nor myelotoxic at labeling concentrations, it is widely preferred for in vivo studies of cancer cell proliferation.
Typically the oxides of the trivalent lanthanides coexist in nature and separation of these components requires specialized methods.
In physiology, carbonic acid is described as volatile acid or respiratory acid, because it is the only acid excreted as a gas by the lungs.
As amidol ages it changes color to a dark red-brown.
Chromium(III) picolinate has been described as a "poor [...] nutritional supplement".
2C-H, or 2,5-dimethoxyphenethylamine, is a lesser-known substituted phenethylamine of the 2C family.
However, a passivating metal fluoride layer will be created and the surface will eventually become unreactive.
These coordination complexes are widely used as oil drying agents for the autoxidative crosslinking of drying oils.
As of now the research is inconclusive, but optimistic.
Use of Polybrene can improve transduction efficiency 100-1000 fold although it can be toxic to some cell types.
The low electronegativity of the silicon shields the nine identical methyl protons.
This molecule consists of the 5-carbon amyl group attached to a nitrate functional group.
It is toxic, as are all cadmium compounds.
For reference, amphetamine has an IC50 of 11 and 4-methylthioamphetamine has a value of 0.2.
It is made up of a short chain of glycerol molecules connected by ether bonds, with ricinoleic acid side chains connected by ester bonds.
Saralasin is a partial agonist of angiotensin II receptors, though it is commonly mistaken as a competitive antagonist.
It also appears to increase the efficacy of the ketogenic diet as a treatment for epilepsy.
It is commonly used in conjunction with glyphosate, a non-selective herbicide, for a quick burn-down effect in the control of weeds in turfgrass.
A by-product of natural gas processing and petroleum refining, it is commonly used as a fuel for barbecue grills.
It inhibits root development by interrupting mitosis, and thus can control weeds as they germinate.
Selenium hexasulfide is a chemical compound with formula Se2S6.
It is the beta-hydroxy analog of DMA.
It is a colorless liquid and has a slight peppermint- or camphor- odor.
          CSi
Thus, TFE forms stable complexes also with heterocycles through hydrogen bonding.
As a partial agonist at this receptor it causes significantly less side effects than morphine, like constipation, development of tolerance and withdrawal syndrome upon abstinence.
Classified as a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon, it is a colourless solid that is poorly soluble in most solvents.
It is produced from 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate by either a NAD+ dependent methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase, or a NADP+ dependent dehydrogense.
We know now that antioxidant molecules in food have a wide range of functions, many of which are unrelated to the ability to absorb free radicals"
It is primarily found in Gram-negative bacteria, such as Escherichia coli and Salmonella typhimurium.
This yellow solid is the most common palladium complex of acetylacetonate.
One of them, Amiton, was described in a 1955 paper by Ghosh and another chemist, J. F. Newman, as being particularly effective against mites.
There is no current full scale use of FOX-7, but it is being tested at several military research centers.
Though rotation around the bond joining the rings is limited by the hydrogen atoms, enantiomerically pure NOBIN may racemize upon heating.
Bucillamine is an antirheumatic agent developed from tiopronin.
Arbutin was also produced by an in vitro culture of Schisandra chinensis.
1-Octene is one of the important linear alpha olefins in industry.
Thioxanthene is a chemical compound in which the oxygen atom in xanthene is replaced with a sulfur atom.
Synthetically, it is very useful to form C3-bridged compounds such as through C-N coupling reactions.
The structure is non-rigid as evidenced by electron diffraction studies.
It appears as a colorless, volatile liquid that is characterized by a strong, pungent odor.
Propachlor is an herbicide first marketed by Monsanto.
In Europe this chemical was withdrawn in 1989 for unstated reasons.
The term may refer to either of two enantiomers.
Tellurites are highly stable tellurium compounds, although they can be reduced to elemental tellurium by electrolysis or a strong reducing agent.
It is typically produced as a free-flowing, off-white powder.
It works by inhibiting Hsp90, which is expressed in those tumors.
Copper benzoate is the chemical compound with the formula Cu(C6H5CO2)2.
This coordination compound is used primarily as a shift reagent in NMR spectroscopy.
(2S,4R)-4-Hydroxyproline, or L-hydroxyproline, is a common non-proteinogenic amino acid, abbreviated as Hyp, e.g., in Protein Data Bank.
It is formed when an aqueous solution of hydrochloric acid containing an equimolar solution of caesium chloride and cadmium chloride.
It has low volatility and vapor pressure and is stable above 100 °C.
It can be synthesized from pyrogallol using zinc chloride and acetic anhydride.
The pure chemical is a colorless solid, but for commercial purposes, it is often marketed as an amber liquid.
Its derivative, 2-methyltartronic acid, is isomalic acid.
It is associated with GM2 gangliosidoses such as Tay-Sachs disease.
Overconsumption of methionine, the methyl group donor in DNA methylation, is related to cancer growth in a number of studies.
However, thymidine is more commonly written as 'dT' as it contains a 2'-deoxyribofuranose moiety rather than the ribofuranose ring found in uridine.
While similar, the two sugar alcohols have very different sources in nature, melting points, and uses.
Enilconazole is a fungicide widely used in agriculture, particularly in the growing of citrus fruits.
It is known to very slowly decompose in the presence of water.
Magnus' green salt is the inorganic compound with the formula [Pt(NH3)4][PtCl4].
The complex is octahedral with Cr–C and C–O distances of 1.91 and 1.14 Å, respectively.
Another variable is the degree of hydration.
XeO3F2 and XeO2F4 can be detected with mass spectrometry.
A pale yellow or pale red liquid, insoluble in water; used as an agricultural insecticide on rice and cotton and moderately toxic for humans.
Although often written in shorthand as H2PtCl6, it is the hydronium salt of the hexachloroplatinate anion.
Antibiotic first isolated from the fungus Fusarium heterosporium.
It is soluble in many organic solvents.
Tropone or 2,4,6-cycloheptatrien-1-one is an organic compound with some importance in organic chemistry as a non-benzenoid aromatic.
It is colorless liquid with a sweet smell.
Partial dehydrogenation of laudanosine will lead to papaverine, the alkaloid found in the opium poppy plant.
Tangeritin also shows enormous potential as an anti cancer agent.
Na[99mTcO4] is a precursor to a variety of derivatives that are used to image different parts of the body.
It exists in two crystalline forms, but the main properties are somewhat similar: dark brown, insoluble in water, diamagnetic, and odorless.
It has been observed spectroscopically but has not been isolated as a pure substance.
Dodecahedrane is one of the Platonic hydrocarbons, the others being cubane and tetrahedrane, and does not occur in nature.
N-Acetylgalactosamine, is an amino sugar derivative of galactose.
This deep green solid is a rarely encountered analogue of the related salt K2MnO4.
It is optically active but only the R-enantiomer is biochemically significant.
It is primarily used for filtration and decolorization.
It is a colorless solid that is soluble in organic solvents, but poorly soluble in water.
Bis-TOM was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Dithiothreitol is the common name for a small-molecule redox reagent also known as Cleland's reagent.
Dextrins are white, yellow, or brown powders that are partially or fully water-soluble, yielding optically active solutions of low viscosity.
As a supplement it is used to treat zinc deficiency and to prevention the conditions in those at high risk.
Xanthosine monophosphate is an intermediate in purine metabolism.
Fluoromethane is highly flammable and burns in air with evolution of highly toxic hydrogen fluoride.
Tin(IV) chloride, also known as tin tetrachloride or stannic chloride, is a inorganic compound with the formula SnCl4.
Since obtaining natural musk requires killing the endangered animal, nearly all muscone used in perfumery today is synthetic.
Deoxyuridine is a compound and a nucleoside.
It is a stable brittle white crystalline solid with melting point of 1477 °C and boiling point 2460 °C.
Tin telluride is a compound of tin and tellurium; is a IV-VI narrow band gap semiconductor and has direct band gap of 0.18 eV.
Alizarin or 1,2-dihydroxyanthraquinone is an organic compound with formula C
The more potent of the two enantiomers,-Nutlin-3, can now be synthesized in a highly enantioselective fashion.
It is harmful to human skin and if swallowed in large quantity causes irritation.
It is not widely encountered and has no commercial applications.
It is one of the three main fluorides of silver, the others being silver subfluoride and silver(II) fluoride.
Trimethylsilyl trifluoromethanesulfonate is a trifluoromethanesulfonate derivate with a trimethylsilyl R-group.
Nitropentadecene is biosynthesized and stored in one of the exocrine glands, a frontal gland, of termite soldiers, and it is released upon attack of enemy.
In terms of chemical structure, the molecule has idealized Cs symmetry.
Tomatine, as well as the closely related aglycon derivative tomatidine have been shown to have multiple health benefits.
Dimethyldioctadecylammonium chloride also commonly distearyl dimethyl ammonium chloride is an organic compound classified as quaternary ammonium salt.
As a food additive, it has the E number E 302.
Leukotrienes use lipid signaling to convey information to either the cell producing them or neighboring cells in order to regulate immune responses.
Its most common form is a sodium/copper derivative used as a food additive and in alternative medicine.
ethanol or ether but not in polar substances like water.
Lithium borate can be used in the laboratory as LB buffer for gel electrophoresis of DNA and RNA.
In August 2009, a group of researchers from IBM published experimental results of imaging a single molecule of pentacene using an atomic force microscope.
2, which exists in triclinic and tetragonal crystal modifications.
It is also produced by many species of fungi, including members of the genera Aspergillus, Pyrenochaeta, and Pestalotiopsis, inter alia.
Panting and excitement, as well as other symptoms, have been noted in cats and dogs within 2 hours of administration.
This compound was developed at the University of Bristol.
Patients with hepatic encephalopathy have been recorded to have elevated serum oxindole levels.
It is one of the first water soluble dyes to be commercialized, and one of seven original food dyes allowed under the U.S.
Burning strontium in air results in a mixture of strontium oxide and strontium nitride.
Triuranium octoxide is a compound of uranium.
It works by interfering with photosynthesis by entering the plant through the root zone and moving throughout the plant.
VGethyl] phosphorothioate) is a "V-series" nerve agent chemically similar to the better-known VX nerve agent.
This transformation is a rare example of a reduction by elemental sulfur.
It can be prepared by the action of hydroiodic acid on ammonia.
Both bufadienolides and their glycosides are toxic; specifically, they can cause an atrioventricular block, bradycardia, ventricular tachycardia, and possibly lethal cardiac arrest.
In most of its compounds, iron has the oxidation state +2 or +3.
In organometallic chemistry it is commonly used for the synthesis of Vaska's complex and related compounds such as carbonylchlorohydridotris(triphenylphosphine)ruthenium.
This reaction is a redox reaction: vitamin C is oxidized to dehydroascorbic acid, and DCPIP is reduced to the colorless compound DCPIPH2
In general, AP5 is very fast-acting within in vitro preparations, and can block NMDA receptor action at a reasonably small concentration.
During the manufacture of triacetate the cellulose is completely acetylated whereas in regular cellulose acetate or cellulose diacetate, it is only partially acetylated.
Chronic exposure may result in kidney and liver damage.
3-Deoxy-D-manno-oct-2-ulosonic acid or keto-deoxyoctulosonate is an ulosonic acid of a 2-ketooctose which is used by bacteria in the synthesis of lipopolysaccharides.
Urea, also known as carbamide, is an organic compound with the chemical formula CO(NH2)2.
Zn + 2 HOTf → Zn(OTf)2 + H2
Merocyanines are a class of fluorescent dyes typified by merocyanine I.
Because benzene is a human carcinogen, most non-industrial applications have been limited.
Manganese(IV) oxide is the inorganic compound with the formula MnO
PABA is a white solid, although commercial samples can appear gray.
The m stands for meta, meaning the two methyl substituents are at locants 1 and 3 on the aromatic ring.
Uranyl hydroxide was once used in glassmaking and ceramics in the colouring of the vitreous phases and the preparation of pigments for high temperature firing.
Isoindoline itself is not commonly encountered, but several derivatives are found in nature and some synthetic derivatives are commercially valuable drugs, e.g.
Aminopyralid is of concern to vegetable growers, as it can enter the food chain via manure, which contains long-lasting residues of the herbicide.
It decomposes non-thermally to form ammonia, and thermal decomposition produces carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, and oxides of nitrogen.
GDP is converted into GTP with the help of pyruvate kinase and phosphoenolpyruvate.
Deuterated dimethylformamide2NCOD), is a form of DMF2NCOH)in which the hydrogen atom is replaced with deuterium isotope.
DIPAMP was originally prepared by an oxidative coupling reaction, starting from anisyl(phenyl)(methyl)phosphine.
From there, the tungsten powder can be fused into any number of things, from wire to bars to other shapes.
α-Aminobutyric acid, also known as homoalanine in biochemistry, is a non-proteinogenic alpha amino acid with chemical formula C4H9NO2.
It is readily hydrolysed forming beryllium hydroxide and ammonia.
It comprises about 55% of the oil of sandalwood, another less abundant component being β-santalol.
Very little is known about the pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, effects, and toxicity of Methyl-K.
Air oxidizes it initially to polytellurides, which have the formula Na2Tex, and ultimately Te metal.
A significant homology of structure and function exists between the two, and microcystins have been studied in greater detail.
The tetrahydroisoquinoline skeleton is encountered in a number of bioactive compounds and drugs.
Mercury(II) oxide is a solid at room temperature and pressure.
Its synthetic mirror image, L-ribose, is not found in nature.
Its single crystals are an important material for optical waveguides, mobile phones, piezoelectric sensors, optical modulators and various other linear and non-linear optical applications.
It is also involved in nuclear pore formation and nuclear signalling.
a natural pH indicator, and changes from red in acidic solution to blue in basic solution.
Pristinamycin IA is an antibiotic cyclic peptide.
Zinc peroxide appears as a bright yellow powder at room temperature.
It has been observed that 1% of lithium in the vapor phase is in the form of dilithium.
The cyanide ion is isoelectronic with carbon monoxide and with molecular nitrogen.
Its refractive index is 1.488 – 1.492.
It was first isolated in 1878 from an impure sample of erbia by Per Teodor Cleve, who named it thulia.
It is acted upon by isocitrate dehydrogenase.
The principal natural stereoisomer of lutein is-beta,epsilon-carotene-3,3′-diol.
In 2013, worldwide sales of toluene amounted to about 24.5 billion US-dollars.
Yttrium(III) chloride is an inorganic compound of yttrium and chloride.
Some countries require its addition to certain foods such as grains.
It is naturally found in Thuja and cypress resin.
It is a rare example of a silver(II) compound.
This surfactant is amphiphilic due to the hydrophobic 12-carbon chain and the hydrophilic carboxylate.
Because of its high oxidation state, it is both an amphoteric oxide and an oxidizing agent.
TMI is a white, crystalline and sublimable solid, with melting point 88 °C.
It occurs as a mineral niter and is a natural solid source of nitrogen.
PTFE is hydrophobic: neither water nor water-containing substances wet PTFE, as fluorocarbons demonstrate mitigated London dispersion forces due to the high electronegativity of fluorine.
However, stable naphthalene derivatives do exist in the laboratory such as the 2-germanaphthalene-containing substance represented below.
It is a liquid at room temperature with a strong odor of ammonia and is strongly basic compared to most secondary amines.
A similar fluorocarbon-based coolant and solvent is perfluorohexane.
These products can often be used as antibiotics.
Isoxathion is a molecular chemical with the molecular formula C13H16NO4PS.
2,4-Dichlorophenol is a chlorinated derivative of phenol with the molecular formula C6H4Cl2O.
This colourless crystalline compound is a common side product in reactions involving triphenylphosphine.
382 mg/kg in mice, therefore, much less toxic than glutaraldehyde and many other commonly used synthetic cross-linking reagents.
For this reason borazine is sometimes referred to as "inorganic benzene".
R-114B2 is occasionally used in fire suppression systems.
This pure plutonium is needed to avoid premature ignition of low-mass nuclear weapon designs by neutrons produced by spontaneous fission of plutonium-240.
Sodium cyanoborohydride is the chemical compound with the formula NaBH3CN.
Thorium(IV) sulfide is an inorganic chemical compound composed of one thorium atom ionically bonded to two atoms of sulfur.
Sodium hydroxide, also known as lye and caustic soda, is an inorganic compound with formula NaOH.
Alloyed with GaN, the ternary system InGaN has a direct bandgap span from the infrared to the ultraviolet.
It also has the trivial name timnodonic acid.
If desired, it may be prepared by adding a hot solution of phthalimide to a solution of potassium hydroxide; the desired product precipitates.
Methylsulfonylmethane is an organosulfur compound with the formula2SO2.
Benzaldehyde is the primary component of bitter almond oil and can be extracted from a number of other natural sources.
Homoalaine is biosynthesised by transaminating oxobutyrate, a metabolite in isoleucine biosynthesis.
Like all the other actinides, thorium is radioactive and has sometimes been used in the production of nuclear energy.
Some algae, particularly blue-green algae such as Anabaena, produce MIB together with other odorous chemicals such as geosmin.
Methylcyclohexane is an organic compound with the molecular formula is CH3C6H11.
Chlamydia bacterial species notably lack muramic acid in their cell wall, thus do not gram stain.
Dichlorodifluoromethane was one of the original propellants for Silly String.
The hexatriynyl radical, C6H, is an organic radical molecule consisting of a chain of six carbon atoms terminated by a hydrogen.
The crude extract of Hypericum is a weak inhibitor of MAO-A and MAO-B.
Lithium triborate LBO is a non-linear optics crystal.
Fluorenol is an alcohol derivative of fluorene.
Photoactivation will encourage liquid or gaseous bromine to generate bromate in bromide-containing water.
The "ICA" is for Icagen, which is developing the drug.
Aminoethylpiperazine can also cause pulmonary edema as a result of inhalation.
Evidence of benefit is lacking for long-term weight loss with some data supporting weight gain and heart disease risks.
The substance exhibits blasting properties, therefore it is sometimes use as a primary explosive.
Although endrin is not currently classified as a mutagen, nor as a human carcinogen, it is still a toxic chemical in other ways with detrimental effects.
When heated, benzyl chloroformate decomposes into phosgene and if it comes in contact with water it produces toxic, corrosive fumes.
Particularly, is produced by Fusarium graminearum, Fusarium culmorum, Fusarium cerealis, Fusarium equiseti, Fusarium verticillioides, and Fusarium incarnatum.
This white solid forms a monohydrate and is mildly deliquescent.
Beatrice was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Smaller applications include jewelry for chemical gilding and buffing.
VBr3 has been prepared by treatment of VCl4 with HBr:
It is synthesized from arachidonic acid in a reaction catalyzed by a cyclooxygenase enzyme.
Ethephon is the most widely used plant growth regulator.
l-Menthone-trans-2-isopropyl-5-methylcyclohexanone), shown at right, is the most abundant in nature of the four possible stereoisomers.
Suosan is calorie-free artificial sweetener derived from β-alanine, discovered in 1948 by Petersen et Muller.
Arsenic acid as such has not been isolated, but only found in solution where it is largely ionized.
It forms a stable dihydrate, but aqueous solutions tend to undergo hydrolysis, particularly if hot.
N-selectride and K-selectride are related compounds, but instead of lithium as cation they have sodium and potassium cations respectively.
It is endogenously synthesized by organisms via the phosphorylation of adenosine 5'-phosphosulfate, an intermediary metabolite.
However, his results could not be reproduced, and this is considered to be a scientific fraud.
DHA is also commercially manufactured from microalgae: Crypthecodinium cohnii and another of the genus Schizochytrium.
In this insect, the level of radiolabeled L-canavanine incorporated into newly synthesized proteins is barely measurable.
It is approved for use in most countries including Canada, the U.S., and the EU, where it is designated by the E number E212.
Arsanilic acid saw long use as a veterinary feed additive promoting growth and to prevent or treat dysentery in poultry and swine.
Paraldehyde slowly oxidizes in air, turning brown and producing an odour of acetic acid.
Compared to PET, PBT has slightly lower strength and rigidity, slightly better impact resistance, and a slightly lower glass transition temperature.
The compound has a low melting point relative to most other inorganic salts.
Some people may be allergic or sensitive to salicylates and suffer reactions similar to those produced by aspirin.
The US then went into production of large amounts of the chemically similar, but much more toxic VX in 1961.
Vaska's complex can undergo oxidative addition and is notable for its ability to bind to O2 reversibly.
It is also used as a contraceptive for population control of Canada geese and feral pigeons.
Terpyridine is a heterocyclic compound derived from pyridine.
Thienamycin also known as Thienpenem is one of the most potent naturally produced antibiotics known thus far, was discovered in Streptomyces cattleya in 1976.
Ampyrone stimulates liver microsomes and is also used to measure extracellular water.
It is a yellow crystalline solid with a xanthone core structure.
It is also commonly found in the carnivorous plant genera Drosera and Nepenthes.
TCDD was released into the environment in the Seveso disaster.
It is a white solid widely used as an explosive.
It is one of the amatoxins, all of which are found in several members of the Amanita genus of mushrooms.
Cycloheptane is used as a nonpolar solvent for the chemical industry and as an intermediate in the manufacture of chemicals and pharmaceutical drugs.
Initially thought essential only for infants, longer-term studies have shown it is essential for adults also.
Clopyralid is licensed for lawn use in France and under the following names: Bayer Jardin: Désherbant jeune gazon and Scanner Sélectif gazon Vilmorin: désherbant Gazon LONPAR.
It can be purified by vapor transport using iodine.
The half-life of T4 is about 6.5 days.
Barium hydroxide are chemical compounds with the chemical formula Ba(OH)2(H2O)x.
Organophosphines are important in catalysts where they complex to various metal ions; complexes derived from a chiral phosphine can catalyze reactions to give chiral, enantioenriched products.
It was first isolated from Penicillium notatum by Rothe in 1950 and subsequently from several other sources.
Ethanethiol, commonly known as ethyl mercaptan, is a clear liquid with a distinct odor.
Yuremamine is a phytoindole alkaloid which was isolated and identified from the bark of Mimosa tenuiflora in 2005.
Myriocin was shown to inhibit the proliferation of an IL-2-dependent mouse cytotoxic T cell line.
Like most other organophosphates, its mode of action is via cholinesterase inhibition.
Disulfur dichloride is the chemical compound of sulfur and chlorine with the formula S2Cl2.
Naphthalocyanine is a derivative of phthalocyanine used as a component in the development of IBM's single-molecule logic switch.
It has been used in organic chemistry as a precursor for cyclobutadiene, which is an elusive species in the free state.
Zinc molybdate is an inorganic chemical compound.
Unlike the ionically bonded hydrides of the heavier Group 2 elements, beryllium hydride is covalently bonded.
        
Laquinimod is an experimental immunomodulator developed by Active Biotech and Teva.
At STP it is a colourless liquid with a pungent odour.
This colourless hygroscopic liquid is soluble in water and polar organic solvents, but not simple hydrocarbons.
In dermatological use, it is spelled polihexanide and sold under names such as Lavasept, Serasept, and Omnicide.
It is a colourless, viscous liquid, although commercial samples are typically yellow.
Quassin is a white bitter, crystalline substance that is the prototypical example of the family of quassinoids.
2,4,6-Trinitrophenylmethylnitramine commonly referred to as tetryl is an explosive compound used to make detonators and explosive booster charges.
This study opens the door to investigate the relationship between the flexibility of other polyunsaturated fatty acids and enhancement in the biological activity.
Isomalt is an equimolar mixture of two disaccharides, each composed of two sugars: glucose and mannitol and also glucose and sorbitol.
        
Juglone, also called 5-hydroxy-1,4-naphthalenedione is an organic compound with the molecular formula C10H6O3.
8-Hydroxyquinoline is an organic compound with the formula C9H7NO.
Stannous fluoride is also readily available in over-the-counter rinses.
It can be regarded as butatriene dione, the double ketone of butatriene — more precisely 1,2,3-butatriene-1,4-dione.
Acridine yellow damages DNA and is used as a mutagen in microbiology.
The flame is significantly less luminous than hydrogen or methanol flame and is only visible due to the turbulent hot air it generates.
It was originally designed by the fabric industry for use as a fabric softener.
The properties of ammonium polyphosphate depend on the number of monomers in each molecule and to a degree on how often it branches.
It is the biologically active form of cytarabine.
An excess of hypusine was found in the urine of children and patients with familial hyperlysinemia.
Calcium benzoate refers to the calcium salt of benzoic acid.
It is toxic and may be carcinogenic in humans.
Compared to Metol, glycin has a carboxyl group attached to the methyl group of the Metol.
Pyrethrin I is one of the two pyrethrins, natural organic compounds with potent insecticidal activity.
It is a product of oxidative damage to DNA and has been shown to cause mutation.
DMDEOS is an intermediate silane useful for blocking hydroxyl and amino groups in organic synthesis reactions.
It has a slightly salty, alkaline taste resembling that of washing soda.
It is produced along with 4-ethylphenol in wine and beer by the spoilage yeast Brettanomyces.
Myriocin, also known as antibiotic ISP-1 and thermozymocidin, is an atypical amino acid and an antibiotic derived from certain thermophilic fungi.
Heme A is a biomolecule and is produced naturally by many organisms.
It is also zwitterionic, making it highly water soluble.
Research on indole-3-carbinol has been conducted primarily using laboratory animals and cultured cells.
Vargulin, also called Cypridina luciferin or Vargula Luciferin, is the luciferin found in the ostracod Cypridina hilgendorfii, also named Vargula hilgendorfii.
Glucose is a simple sugar with the molecular formula C6H12O6.
Carbonate minerals are extremely varied and ubiquitous in chemically precipitated sedimentary rock.
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of CPM.
Fucose is released from fucose-containing polymers by an enzyme called α-fucosidase.
They are, however, water-soluble, and depending on soil type and moisture they can move into parts of the landscape where they weren't sprayed.
At high doses roquefortine C is classified as a toxic compound.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
It has the appearance of a corrosive red liquid.
Zinc phosphide is an inorganic chemical compound.
            
It is an inorganic compound that is typically available as the pentahydrate, Na2S2O3·5H2O.
It was subsequently shown that the initial compound was not a derivative of 1,2-dioxin, but a thermodynamically more stable dione.
It is also used on turf on golf courses.
Chemically, it is the acetate ester of linalool, and the two often occur in conjunction.
Vulpinic acid is a naturally occurring methyl ester derivative of pulvinic acid found in several lichen species, as well as some non-lichenized fungi.
Workers in the dye industry may be occupationally exposed to it.
              2
Norclostebol is a 4-chloro derivative of testosterone.
Detection of desmosine in urine, plasma or sputum samples can be a marker for elastin breakdown due to high elastase activity related to certain diseases.
It was first isolated in 1937 and its chemical structure was elucidated in 1961.
In E. coli AThTP is synthesized from thiamine diphosphate according to the following reaction catalyzed by thiamine diphosphate adenylyl transferase:
It is a component of the nickel-hydride battery.
Molydopterin consists of a pyranopterin, a complex heterocycle featuring a pyran fused to a pterin ring.
In this context, the monosaccharides containing a six-membered ring system are known as pyranoses.
Pteridine is an aromatic chemical compound composed of fused pyrimidine and pyrazine rings.
Quisqualic acid is an agonist of the AMPA, kainate, and group I metabotropic glutamate receptors.
Caesium carbonate or cesium carbonate is a white crystalline solid compound.
Lysergol can be synthesised using a tandem reaction to construct the piperidine skeleton and a rhodium-catalyzed [3 + 2] annulation in the late-stage indole formation.
Cetylpyridinium chloride is a cationic quaternary ammonium compound used in some types of mouthwashes, toothpastes, lozenges, throat sprays, breath sprays, and nasal sprays.
Tolonium chloride is a blue cationic dye used in histology and sometimes clinically.
Arsenic pentasulfide is an inorganic compound contains arsenic and sulfur with the formula.
In the condensed phase, the resultant carbonaceous char helps to shield the underlying polymer from attack by oxygen and radiant heat.
Chloropentafluoroethane is a chlorofluorocarbon once used as a refrigerant.
Carboxyglutamic acid, is an uncommon amino acid introduced into proteins by a post-translational carboxylation of glutamic acid residues.
It also is used as an oxidizer in rocket propellants, and in motor racing to increase the power output of engines.
In certain fruits, the highest concentrations of cyanidin are found in the seeds and skin.
It is also known under the brand names Kenalog and Volon A as an injection, to treat allergies, arthritis, eye diseases, intestinal problems, and skin diseases.
Thiamine pyrophosphate, or thiamine diphosphate, or cocarboxylase is a thiamine derivative which is produced by the enzyme thiamine diphosphokinase.
The term phosphole also refers to substituted derivatives of the parent heterocycle.
Sodium bicarbonate is a chemical compound with the formula NaHCO3.
Agmatine is a chemical substance which is naturally created from the chemical arginine.
Bis-TOM, or 4-methyl-2,5-dimethylthio-alpha-methylphenethylamine, is a lesser-known substituted Amphetamine.
A number of hydrogen pyrophosphates also exist, such as Na2H2P2O7, as well as the normal pyrophosphates.
The biological functions of canthaxanthin are related, at least in part, to its ability to function as an antioxidant in animal tissues.
It is used in biochemical studies as an inhbitor of c-Jun N-terminal kinases.
Diisobutylaluminium hydride is a reducing agent with the formula2, where i-Bu represents isobutyl2).
2-Butyne forms with 5-decyne, 4-octyne and 3-hexyne a group of symmetric alkynes.
Phase III studies for MS started in December 2007.
It is a drug used to treat symptomatic hypercalcemia secondary to cancer.
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of MME.
Fructose was discovered by French chemist Augustin-Pierre Dubrunfaut in 1847.
Some are still experimental; others are in regular clinical use.
Phenidone is Ilford's trademark for this material, which was first prepared in 1890.
Like methanesulfonyl chloride, it may be used to generate mesylates.
In solvents with donor properties such as acetonitrile, CH3CN ionic complexes are formed which make the solution conducting:
sec-Butylamine is an organic chemical compound with the formula CH3CH2CH(NH2)CH3, and occurs as a colorless liquid.
It dissolves in with water to give acidic solutions.
The U.S. Patent office issued a patent protecting PEDOT-TMA on April 22, 2008.
This colorless crystalline material is often abbreviated Ph2S2.
These octahedra are edge-sharing, and tilted relative to the layered structure.
2-Methoxy-4-vinylphenol is an aromatic substance used as a flavoring agent.
Both the anhydrous and the dihydrate forms occur naturally as the very rare minerals tolbachite and eriochalcite, respectively.
Fructose 2,6-bisphosphate, abbreviated Fru-2,6-P2, is a metabolite that allosterically affects the activity of the enzymes phosphofructokinase 1 and fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase to regulate glycolysis and gluconeogenesis.
Sodium carbonate and potassium carbonate have been used since antiquity for cleaning and preservation, as well as for the manufacture of glass.
Vernolic acid is an organic compound and a fatty acid.
Phosgene is a valued industrial reagent and building block in synthesis of pharmaceuticals and other organic compounds.
Isoamyl acetate, also known as isopentyl acetate, is an organic compound that is the ester formed from isoamyl alcohol and acetic acid.
Indeed, upon addition of lithium nitrate to cement, a passive layer of LiH(AlO
It is a nonstoichiometric compound with a variable composition.
It was first introduced in 1976 and first registered in the USA in 2007.
Metam sodium is an organosulfur compound, which is used as a soil fumigant, pesticide, herbicide, and fungicide.
It is soluble in water and slightly soluble in glycerol.
It boils at 171.9 °C, concomitant with conversion into crotonic acid.
It is also found in nature as the rare mineral söhngeite which is reported to contain octahedrally coordinated gallium atoms Gallium hydroxide is amphoteric.
Strontium iodide is a salt of strontium and iodine.
Fomepizole works by blocking the enzyme that converts methanol and ethylene glycol to their toxic breakdown products.
The compound is structurally related to DABCO, in which the other bridgehead is also nitrogen, and to tropane, which has a slightly different carbon frame.
There is no evidence that sulfurous acid exists in solution, but the molecule has been detected in the gas phase.
It is a structural isomer of hexane composed of a methyl group bonded to the second carbon atom in a pentane chain.
Arsenic trisulfide is the inorganic compound with the formula As2S3.
tert-Butylamine is an organic chemical compound with the formula3CNH2.
It decomposes readily to hydrogen sulfide and elemental sulfur.
It dissolves in water and evaporates easily.
It was isolated originally in the mid-1980s from the chalky soil, or "calichi pits", located in Kerrville, Texas.
Its use in the United States was cancelled in 1991.
The compound crystallizes in the cadmium iodide motif, with the Sn(IV) situated in "octahedral holes' defined by six sulfide centers.
It is a colorless, sweet-smelling, dense liquid that is produced on a large scale as a precursor to PTFE.
This aromatic chemical absorbs ultraviolet rays thereby preventing sunburn.
The term "folic" is from the Latin word folium, which means leaf.
Sialyl LewisX, also known as sialyl LeX and SLeX, is a tetrasaccharide carbohydrate that is usually attached to O-glycans on the surface of cells.
It should not be written with an initial capital, except at the start of a sentence.
Magnesium fluoride is an inorganic compound with the formula MgF2.
7 is kept for a period of months, it breaks down and crystals of HReO
A pale yellow, crystalline, volatile substance, it has a penetrating and distinctive odor and, analogous to chloroform, sweetish taste.
It is relatively hard to handle, being very corrosive and prone to auto-radiolysis.
Prenol occurs naturally in citrus fruits, cranberry, bilberry, currants, grapes, raspberry, blackberry, tomato, white bread, hop oil, coffee, arctic bramble, cloudberry and passion fruit.
Using one or more alloys of indium gallium nitride, an optical match to the solar spectrum can be achieved.
But in general conclusion, cerulenin has inhibitory effects on sterol synthesis.
This compound is an opaque dark blood-red liquid at room temperature and pressure.
It has E number "E328" and is the active ingredient of the skin lotions Amlactin and Lac-Hydrin.
Butanediols have applications as precursors to various plastics and pesticides.
A related compound, bromoform, is also sometimes used in these applications, however, TBE is more practical because of its wider liquid range and lower vapor pressure.
It is a proposed chemotherapeutic agent against filaria and trichomonas.
As shown in the structural formula, MOED can exist in two resonance forms: A neutral molecule and a zwitterion.
Beatrice, MDO-D, MDOM, or 4-methyl-2,5-dimethoxymethamphetamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug.
It is also used in coating materials, slurries, paper mills and water circulation systems for the effective preservation against bacteria and fungi.
There are several methods for synthesising rubidium fluoride.
Traces of 19-norandrosterone may be naturally present in human urine.
Supplementation is generally only required when there is not enough calcium in the diet.
Pyrophosphate is a polyvalent anion with a high affinity for polyvalent cations, e.g.
Lombricine is a phosphagen that is unique to earthworms.
In solution heptacene is not formed because it is very unstable being a reactive DA diene and quickly reacts with oxygen or forms dimers.
Rhodamine fluorescence can also be used as a measure of membrane polarization in live cell assays both within mitochondria and with bacteria.
This colorless gas is used as a refrigerant, where it is often listed as R-152a or HFC-152a.
The insecticides, mostly used in liquid form, contain between 50% and 90% chlorfenvinphos.
Sometimes known as the Ley–Griffith reagent, this ruthenium compound is used as a reagent in organic synthesis.
Megaphone and megaphone acetate molecules are chiral and the reported extraction and synthesis procedures yielded their racemic mixtures.
Devices and techniques in which hexaboride cathodes are used include electron microscopes, microwave tubes, electron lithography, electron beam welding, X-ray tubes, and free electron lasers.
Benzethonium chloride, also known as hyamine is a synthetic quaternary ammonium salt.
Nickel iodides find some applications in homogeneous catalysis.
Aziridines are organic compounds containing the aziridine functional group, a three-membered heterocycle with one amine group and two methylene bridges.
It is naturally present in tobacco leaves.
It is not volatile, persistent, or likely to bioconcentrate.
It is used as a reagent in organic synthesis.
2O is formed onto the surface of metallic aluminium waste immobilised in mortar.
Jan Hendrik Schön during his time at Bell Labs claimed to have developed an electrically pumped laser based on tetracene.
Phoxim is an organophosphate insecticide that is produced by the Bayer corporation.
This makes HEPES a more effective buffering agent for maintaining enzyme structure and function at low temperatures.
Arsenic trioxide is an inorganic compound with the formula As
They are used to prepare mixed carboxylic acid anhydrides used in peptide synthesis.
3, formed by the reaction of aluminium and iodine or the action of HI on Al metal.
In humans, its pharmacological effects are similar to those of its prodrugs, chloral hydrate and chlorobutanol.
It is reported to be 10- to 100-fold more potent than ciclosporin.
incorporation of the nucleotide in the growing DNA chain.
Buthionine sulfoximine may also be used to increase the sensitivity of parasites to oxidative antiparasitic drugs.
However, worldwide production of MTBE has been constant owing to growth in Asian markets.
Triethylenetetramine, abbreviated TETA and trien and also called trientine, is an organic compound with the formula [CH2NHCH2CH2NH2]2.
It was first isolated in edible mushrooms.
Dirhenium decacarbonyl is the inorganic compound with the chemical formula Re2(CO)10 .
The E isomer is a constituent of various essential oils.
As a propellant, it is described in specification MIL-PRF-27404.
3α-Mannobiose is a disaccharide composed of two mannose molecules connected by α(1→3) glycosidic bond.
This pesticide was widely used during the 1960s and 1970s, particularly on cotton plants.
It is a derivative of both caffeic acid and tartaric acid.
To a chemist, rust is considered an ill-defined material, described as hydrated ferric oxide.
Oxazepines are unsaturated heterocycles of seven atoms, with a nitrogen replacing a carbon at one position and with an oxygen replacing a carbon at one position.
It is likely involved in maintaining cellular redox balance and plays a role in microbial resistance to the antibiotic fosfomycin.
The compound is now commercially available through Sigma-Aldrich and Invitrogen.
Like the related molecule pyridine and quinoline, acridine is mildly basic.
These serve as phosphate stores in the seed.
It is a C'-2 carbon epimer of the sugar Xylose.
NBT serves as the oxidant and BCIP is the AP-substrate.
Crocin is a carotenoid chemical compound that is found in the flowers crocus and gardenia.
Chemically, curcumin is a diarylheptanoid, belonging to the group of curcuminoids, which are natural phenols responsible for turmeric's yellow color.
Its isomers include isobutanol, 2-butanol, and tert-butanol.
Lysophosphatidic acid is a phospholipid derivative that can act as a signaling molecule.
Because the ring is highly strained, cyclopropene is difficult to prepare and highly reactive.
This generates a very stiff triple-helical structure in water.
The compound is a common ligand in coordination chemistry.
It is a colorless liquid with low viscosity and a faint sweet smell in pure form.
Serotonin is also a growth factor for some types of cells, which may give it a role in wound healing.
Ditellurium bromide is the inorganic compound with the formula Te2Br.
TTFA binds at the quinone reduction site in Complex II, preventing ubiquinone from binding.
Stearamidopropyl dimethylamine is an ingredient in some types of hair conditioner.
Caffeyl alcohol is the organic compound with the formula2C6H3-4-CHCHCH2OH.
It is the byproduct of the reaction of dicyclohexylcarbodiimide with amines or alcohols.
This is in reference to the sassafrass plant from which MDDM can be derived.
Molecules containing more than two lithium atoms covalently bonded together do exist, albeit in smaller quantities than dilithium.
In this process, the carbon next to the carbonyl is oxidized by the manganese, followed by transfer of acetate from the manganese to it.
It is approved for use as a food additive in the EU, USA and Australia and New Zealand.
It has recently been postulated to play a role in cell metabolism, how body burns fat and regulates insulin, triglycerides, and total cholesterol.
Aldicarb is a carbamate insecticide which is the active substance in the pesticide Temik.
This procedure can lead to complications and should be avoided in subjects with coronary artery disease.
It is the sodium salt of dehydroacetic acid.
Difethialone is an anticoagulant used as a rodenticide.
A case has been made for the presence of this toxin in local Oenanthe species playing a causative role in euthanasia in ancient Sardinia.
Dihydrolipoic acid is an organic compound that is the reduced form of lipoic acid.
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of allylescaline.
In plants, imazapyr disrupts protein synthesis and interferes with cell growth and DNA synthesis.
It is formed by the low-temperature photolysis of ClO2 and is formed along with Cl2O6, Cl2 and O2.
It can be composed of 4 different amino acid sequences, giving tyrocidine A–D.
It occurs naturally in the body as a product of the breakdown of fats by pancreatic lipase, and is also found in fatty foods.
Ketogenic diets that increase acetone in the body are used to counter epileptic attacks in infants and children who suffer from recalcitrant refractory epilepsy.
It is often used as a foamer in plastics and rubber and as a radical initiator.
It can be prepared from titanium dioxide and titanium metal at 1500 °C.
Epichlorohydrin is a highly reactive compound and is used in the production of glycerol, plastics, epoxy glues and resins, and elastomers.
This can be suppressed by antioxidants, which shows involvement of reactive oxygen species.
The compound is a dark purple solid that dissolves in nonpolar organic solvents such as chloroform and benzene.
None of these are available in the United States as of May 2010.
In neuroscience research, [125I]-R-(−)-DOI is used as a radioligand and indicator of the presence of 5-HT2A serotonin receptors.
Octyl glucoside is a nonionic surfactant frequently used to solubilise integral membrane proteins for studies in biochemistry.
This colorless liquid has a pleasant ether-like odor.
Thiocyanogen adds to alkenes to give 1,2-bis(thiocyanato) compounds and reacts with titanacyclopentadienes giving-1,4-bis(thiocyanato)-1,3-butadienes, which in turn can be converted to 1,2-dithiins.
It is the main ingredient in the consumer product "Hot Shot Ant & Roach Plus Germ Killer" spray.
It is a natural product structurally related to the oenanthotoxin of hemlock water dropwort.
The molecule is the protypical disiloxane and resembles a subunit of polydimethylsiloxane.
The late summer blooms of Nodularia spumigena are among the largest cyanobacterial mass occurrences in the world.
Beryllium bromide is the chemical compound with the formula BeBr2.
It was patented as a cooling agent in 2001 by Firmenich, an international flavor company.
The compound perbromic acid is the inorganic compound with the formula HBrO4.
Tunicamycin homologues have varying molecular weights owing to the variability in fatty acids side chain conjugates.
Zeaxanthin is one of the two primary xanthophyll carotenoids contained within the retina of the eye.
It is an important intermediate of glucose metabolism.
In water, it separates into an insoluble sulfate with a yellow color and sulfuric acid.
Imidazolidines are cyclic 5-membered examples of the general class of aminals.
Lactaldehyde is an intermediate in the methylglyoxal metabolic pathway.
The half-life of T3 is about 2.5 days.
It is also used in hair dyes.
Propoxur is a non-systemic insecticide with a fast knockdown and long residual effect used against turf, forestry, and household pests and fleas.
The natural extract contains only the cis form, while synthetic material is often a mixture of both, with the cis form predominating.
It can also be obtained from certain camphor compounds.
Chiraphos is a chiral diphosphine employed as a ligand in organometallic chemistry.
PVPP can be used as a drug, taken as a tablet or suspension to absorb compounds that cause diarrhoea.
Circulating fibrinogen binds these receptors on adjacent platelets, further strengthening the clot.
By blocking nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, imidacloprid prevents acetylcholine from transmitting impulses between nerves, resulting in the insect's paralysis and eventual death.
BTTN is manufactured by nitration of 1,2,4-butanetriol.
This white crystalline solid is the anhydride of phosphoric acid.
Periodic acid was discovered by Heinrich Gustav Magnus and C. F. Ammermüller in 1833.
Diphenylmethane is an organic compound with the formula2CH2.
Moniliformin is an unusual mycotoxin, a feed contaminant that is lethal to fowl, especially ducklings.
Production has declined after it was shown to be highly carcinogenic.
Opiorphin pentapeptide originates from the N-terminal region of the protein PROL1.
Krogmann's salt is a mixed-valence square planar coordination complex of platinum and cyanide bonded through linear platinum metal chains, sometimes described as molecular wires.
The lasing range of the dye is 555 to 585 nm with a maximum at 566 nm.
Commercial sodium aluminate is available as a solution or a solid.
Lactaldehyde exists in several forms: in open-chain form and as cyclic hemiacetal; in solution and in crystal forms; as monomer and as dimer.
Its crystal form exhibits nonlinear optical properties.
It is the most common form of promethium.
Its coordination complexes are of theoretical interest as models for enzymes and as catalysts.
Several of its derivatives are used as typical antipsychotics in the treatment of schizophrenia and other psychoses.
This pattern can extend no further in either direction without breaking down the –SO2 group.
Two forms are known, anhydrous Ca(IO3)2 and the hexahydrate Ca(IO3)2(H2O).
The well-known reaction of amines with CO2 has allowed azepane to be used for carbon capture.
It can be synthesized from N-isopropylacrylamide which is commercially available.
However, the product of this latter reaction is the deacetylated aminofluorene adduct.
Traumatic acid is biosynthesized in plants by non-enzymatic oxidation of traumatin, another wound hormone.
Historically, pyridine was produced from coal tar and as a byproduct of coal gasification.
The duration listed as very short, just like its analog, DMT.
It is a potent estrogen antagonist in mammary and uterine tissue while acting as an estrogen agonist to maintain bone density and lower serum cholesterol.
It is soluble in water and can be converted to a basic salt2*Pb(OH)2 when boiled.
An acetate  is a salt formed by the combination of acetic acid with an alkaline, earthy, or metallic base.
It is a white or green, crystalline, hygroscopic solid.
The compound is classified as a pseudohalogen.
This hydrogen chalcogenide is the simplest and most commonly encountered hydride of selenium.
Niobium(IV) chloride, also known as niobium tetrachloride, is the chemical compound of formula NbCl4.
It is among the food additives encoded by European Union, identified by the E number E501.
Cobalt sulfide exists in two forms: alpha and beta.
Within a group of isomers, those with more branches tend to ignite more easily and combust more completely.
Sodium aluminium hexafluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula Na3AlF6.
The chemical compound 1,2-dioxetanedione, or 1,2-dioxacyclobutane-3,4-dione, often called peroxyacid ester, is an unstable oxide of carbon with formula C2O4.
Its condensed formula is HOOCCOOH, reflecting its classification as the simplest dicarboxylic acid.
4, and is therefore considered an oxoacid of carbon.
It is used in various skin-care products.
Iron(III) bromide is the chemical compound with the formula FeBr3.
It may be taken by mouth or by injection.
It can be produced by a Wittig reaction or a Tebbe reaction from cyclohexanone, or as a side product of the dehydration of 2-methylcyclohexanol into 1-methylcyclohexene.
These proteins typically have a characteristic GGDEF motif, which refers to a conserved sequence of five amino acids.
It is a colourless volatile liquid that fumes in air.
Ingestion may come from consumption of moldy whole grains.
Polythiazyl,x, is an electrically conductive, gold- or bronze-colored polymer with metallic luster.
The word nitride refers to the −3 oxidation state of the nitrogen bound to the uranium.
Hydrochloric acid is a corrosive, strong mineral acid with many industrial uses.
PAHs seem to have been formed shortly after the Big Bang, are widespread throughout the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
HOT-7, or 2,5-dimethoxy-4-(β-propylthio)-N-hydroxyphenethylamine, is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family.
In this context it can refer to a monomer used for some copolymer plastics such as ethylene-vinyltrimethoxysilane and ethylene-vinyl acetate-vinyltrimethoxysilane.
It is a colourless liquid that is moderately soluble in water and miscible with most organic solvents.
Due to these properties, it has been widely used in surface coating, sensors, and imaging.
The NAC molecular structure is identical to carnosine with the exception that it carries an additional acetyl group.
Brilliant green is one of the triarylmethane dyes.
1,2-Dibromoethane, also known as ethylene dibromide, is the organobromine compound with the chemical formula2.
For example, the commercially available sodium silicate pentahydrate Na2SiO3·5H2O is formulated as Na2SiO2(OH)2·4H2O, and the nonahydrate Na2SiO3·9H2O is formulated as Na2SiO2(OH)2·8H2O.
It has also been found to be a weak inhibitor of fatty acid amide hydrolase in vitro.
Ortho-nitrophenylpropiolic acid, NO2C6H4CCCO2H, prepared by the action of alcoholic potash on ortho-nitrocinnamic acid dibromide, crystallizes in needles which decompose when heated to 155–156 °C.
It can be found as pure PCP, or as the sodium salt of PCP, the latter which dissolves easily in water.
Medicinally it is used as an antithrombotic, to reduce blood viscosity, and as a volume expander in hypovolaemia.
Chelerythrine is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid present in the plant Chelidonium majus.
His findings were reported in several articles.
The mechanisms of intumescence and the mode of action of APP are described in a series of publications.
Isoamyl acetate has a strong odor which is also described as similar to both banana and pear.
Subsequent hydrolysis of the PPi drives the equilibrium of the reaction toward the right side, i.e.
Its melting point is above 300 °C.
It is the most powerful mold release agent among all metal soaps.
It is prepared industrially from lead(II) acetate and carbon dioxide.
It is one of the stable members of the series of linear oxocarbons O=Cn=O, which also includes carbon dioxide and pentacarbon dioxide.
This colourless liquid, a ketone, is used as a solvent for gums, resins, paints, varnishes, lacquers, and nitrocellulose.
Referred to as phosphorylation and dephosphorylation, respectively, they are important ways that energy is stored and released in living systems.
Brominated haloalkanes were first used during World War II as fire extinguisher for aircraft and tanks.
It became available in 1912 and superseded the more toxic and less water-soluble salvarsan as an effective treatment for syphilis.
However, it tended to cause lead poisoning, and its use has been banned in most countries.
Occasionally side effects include headache, numbness, and sleepiness.
Silicic acid  is a chemical compound.
Though isobenzofuran itself is not stable, it is the parent of related stable compounds with more complex structures.
Palmitoyl-CoA is part of the carnitine shuttle system, which transports other fatty acyl-CoA molecules into the mitochondria for β-oxidation.
It is a colorless, highly unstable and pyrophoric gas at room temperature with a repulsively sweet odor.
Other species may synthesize different bile acids as their predominant primary bile acids.
It occurs naturally as the rare mineral tungstenite.
It can be used to carry out the Hofmann rearrangement under acidic conditions.
Although it is considered to be ionic, it has considerable covalent character to its bonding.
Due to the presence of α-amanitin, β-amanitin, γ-amanitin and ε-amanitin these mushrooms are highly lethal to human beings.
The detonation velocity of the mixture silver acetylide: silver nitrate is 3460 m/s.
Roussin’s Red Salt is the inorganic compound with the formula K2[Fe2S2(NO)4].
3M Novec 1230 fluid does not deplete ozone and has a global warming potential of 1 over 80 years, equivalent to that of carbon dioxide.
In chemical terms, maltitol is known as 4-O-α-glucopyranosyl-D-sorbitol.
^ M-TOLUIC ACID - Compound Summary, PubChem.
Aldrin is an organochlorine insecticide that was widely used until the 1970s, when it was banned in most countries.
Among other properties, diethyl sulfite inhibits the growth of mold spores during grain storage.
Reinecke's salt is a chemical compound with the formula NH4[Cr(NCS)4(NH3)2]·H2O.
Magnesium sulfite is the magnesium salt of sulfurous acid with the formula MgSO
A possible synthesis starts from 3,3-diphenyl-propionic acid which is stereoselective aminated to the diphenylalanine.
Many xanthene dyes can be prepared by condensation of derivates of phthalic anhydride with derivates of resorcinol or 3-aminophenol.
Closely related isomeric compounds include benzo(a)fluoranthene, benzo(b)fluoranthene, benzo(e)fluoranthene, and benzo(j)fluoranthene.
Metanephrine is a metabolite of epinephrine created by action of catechol-O-methyl transferase on epinephrine.
It can exist as either of two geometric isomers, cis-1,2-dichloroethene or trans-1,2-dichloroethene, but is often used as a mixture of the two.
            X
In vitro cytotoxicity assays show that the potency of SN-38 relative to irinotecan varies from 2- to 2000-fold.
Among other things, it is used as an ingredient in making margarine.
Bromodifluoroacetyl chloride is a chemical compound with the formula BrCF2COCl.
L-(+)-(S)-Canavanine is a non-proteinogenic amino acid found in certain leguminous plants.
In concentration between 2.5% and 95% in air, its vapors are flammable.
Most commercially available nitric acid has a concentration of 68% in water.
It can be seen as a two-fold enol and four-fold ketone of cyclohexene, more precisely 5,6-dihydroxycyclohex-5-ene-1,2,3,4-tetrone.
The compound is prepared by treatment of solid tetrabutylammonium bromide with bromine vapor:
Related dithiols include 1,2-ethanedithiol, 2,3-dimercapto-1-propanesulfonic acid, and 1,3-propanedithiol.
It is a colourless solid that dissolves in organic solvents.
Phenylhydroxylamine is the organic compound with the formula C6H5NHOH.
It consists of a five-membered ring containing four carbon atoms and a sulfur atom.
Cacodyl is also the name of the functional group or radical2As.
One alternative process to reduce costs of the GA3 production is Solid-State Fermentation that allows the use of agro-industrial residues.
Its structure is analogous to that of sodium chloride, but it is much less soluble in water.
It is also used as a lubricant in shaving lotions, and a flavoring additive in non-alcoholic beverages, ice cream, ices, candy, and baked goods.
It is an experimental teratogen, known to irritate the skin and eyes.
Uranocene, a member of the "actinocenes," a group of metallocenes incorporating elements from the actinide series.
A 17% increase of Lp-PLA2 mass level was noted.
HMG-CoA is an intermediate in the mevalonate and ketogenesis pathways.
      
Sialic acids are the negatively charged, terminal monosaccharides of carbohydrate chains that are attached to glycoproteins and glycolipids.
Phenyl azide is an organic compound with the formula C6H5N3.
Protoporphyrinogen IX is a precursor for protoporphyrin IX.
It is a relatively volatile substance and acts as a contact and inhalation agent.
It is of economic significance because it is strongly attracting to an agricultural pest, the Mediterranean fruit fly Ceratitis capitata.
Affected plant cells are unable to maintain their required levels of electrolyte and ultimately cell death and lysis occurs.
Cetylpyridinium chloride may cause brown stains between the teeth and on the surface of teeth.
Physostigmine, which increases the concentration of acetylcholine in synapses and in neuromuscular and neuroglandular junctions, is a specific antidote.
When fresh garlic is chopped or crushed, the enzyme alliinase converts alliin into allicin, which is responsible for the aroma of fresh garlic.
It is a component of dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate, which are glycosaminoglycans.
Gyromitrin is a toxin and carcinogen present in several members of the fungal genus Gyromitra, G. esculenta.
It can be synthesized from tert-amyl alcohol by an SN1 reaction.
m-Xylene is commonly produced in BTX processes, and separated as needed from the other aromatic hydrocarbons.
Hexagonal NiAs-type structure with a density of 14.76 g/cm3 was reported for Ta0.9Hf0.1C0.5.
Due to this, it is often used in cytological research.
He showed this generator at the 1867 Paris Exposition where it was carefully studied and copied by a number of people including Clamond.
Hypericin is believed to act as an antibiotic, antiviral and non-specific kinase inhibitor.
Jervine is a steroidal alkaloid with molecular formula C27H39NO3 which is derived from the Veratrum plant genus.
It is also a reagent in the synthesis of various pharmaceutical intermediates.
It is used primarily as an insecticide in the form of baits for cockroaches and ants.
It is most commonly used as a metalating agent in organic syntheses and a substitute for Grignard reagents for introducing phenyl groups in organic syntheses.
It is used in asymmetric synthesis for example in the formation of boron enolates in the aldol reaction.
However the assumption of chemical and toxicological equivalence between formaldehyde and methylene glycol is disputed as a conservative assumption instead of based on empirical toxicological data.
Calcium acetate is a chemical compound which is a calcium salt of acetic acid.
It was designed by PTC Therapeutics and is sold under the trade name Translarna in the European Union.
Commercial distribution was voluntarily suspended in 1979 and it is not approved by the Environmental Protection Agency for use in the United States.
Smitilbin is a flavanonol, a type of flavonoid.
One isomer has an additional carbon, a methyl group, at the 8 position and the other has a methyl group at the 9 position.
Curdlan consists of β-(1,3)-linked glucose residues and forms elastic gels upon heating in aqueous suspension.
Related fluoro-substituted boron compounds, such as those containing B-CF3 groups, decompose with formation of B-F bonds.
Furfuryl alcohol, also called 2-furylmethanol or 2-furancarbinol, is an organic compound containing a furan substituted with a hydroxymethyl group.
Geranyl acetate is used primarily as a component of perfumes for creams and soaps and as a flavoring ingredient.
The salts were the first synthetic non-carbon-containing chiral compounds.
It is also the 4-methyl analog of allylescaline.
Extreme angle strain prevents this molecule from forming naturally.
It has been isolated from a variety of plant sources and is being studied for its variety of pharmacological properties.
"Constant boiling" hydrobromic acid is an aqueous solution that distills at 124.3 °C and contains 47.6% HBr by weight, which is 8.89 mol/L.
It is also a biosynthetic precursor to various stilbenoids and coumarins.
Raman spectra of solutions of sulfur dioxide in water show only signals due to the SO2 molecule and the bisulfite ion, HSO−
As of 2012, the EPA no longer allows the usage of acephate on green beans grown in the United States.
d-Limonene is obtained commercially from citrus fruits through two primary methods: centrifugal separation or steam distillation.
This pyrocarbonate reacts with amines to give N-tert-butoxycarbonyl or so-called Boc derivatives.
It is a colorless, viscous and odorless liquid.
Magnolol is an organic compound that is classified as lignan.
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of MDMEO.
o-Toluic acid was first noticed by Sir William Ramsay, credited discoverer of the noble gases and winner of the 1904 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
It is also formed in the destructive distillation of many substances, as wood, coal, caoutchouc, bones, resin and the fixed oils.
Its trivial name is cervonic acid, its systematic name is all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexa-enoic acid, and its shorthand name is 22:6(n-3) in the nomenclature of fatty acids.
It is a derivative of benzene, consisting of two adjacent chlorine centers.
Benzilic acid is an organic compound with formula C
However, only about 30-50% of people have intestinal bacteria that make equol.
In the mineral form, microcosmic salt is called stercorite.
Physically, allyl bromide is a clear liquid with an intense, acrid, and persistent smell.
Fulvalene consists of two 5-membered rings, each with two double bonds, joined by yet a fifth double bond.
The simplest of these is hydrogen acetate with corresponding salts, esters, and the polyatomic anion CH3CO2−, or CH3COO−.
The anhydrous acid also decomposes below -5 °C:
Individuals born prior to 1984 are unlikely to have been screened, thus the true prevalence of the disorder is unknown.
Zeaxanthin supplements are typically taken on the supposition of supporting eye health.
As a food additive, it is used as an acidity regulator and has the E number E343.
Sudan I, Sudan III, and Sudan IV have been classified as category 3 carcinogens by the International Agency for Research on Cancer.
It is used as a food dye and has the E number E129.
Fulvalene is the member of the fulvalene family with the molecular formula C10H8.
The mineral form is also known as nitratine, nitratite or soda niter.
Antibodies specific for BrdU can then be used to detect the incorporated chemical, thus indicating cells that were actively replicating their DNA.
2-Phenethyl propionate, also known as phenethyl propanoate or phenylethyl propionate, is the ester of phenethyl alcohol and propionic acid.
It is the formal Diels-Alder adduct of benzene and acetylene.
This crown ether, like other crown ethers, has strong complexing abilities and has high affinity for alkali metal cations.
Indigo dye is a product of the reaction of indoxyl by a mild oxidizing agent such as atmospheric oxygen.
As people are unable to make it, thiamine is an essential nutrient.
Uranium tetrachloride is compound of uranium in oxidation state +4.
As of 2000, approximately 120,000 tons of hydrazine hydrate were manufactured worldwide per year.
Tantalum nitride is an inorganic chemical compound.
It is a precursor of mammal lignans which are produced in the colon from chemicals in foods.
Neopterin is a catabolic product of guanosine triphosphate, a purine nucleotide.
However, any stannous fluoride staining that occurs due to improper brushing is not permanent.
Typically, CdTe PV cells use a n-i-p structure.
Dianin's compound was invented by Aleksandr Dianin in 1914.
Evidence has been obtained for the presence of the diatomic molecule TiO in the interstellar medium.
A somewhat similar mineral is natural hydrous zinc phosphate called tarbuttite, Zn2(PO4)(OH).
DMF is favored over NMF as a solvent due to its greater stability.
Methyltrichlorosilane, also known as trichloromethylsilane, is an organosilicon compound with the formula CH3SiCl3.
This colourless liquid is one of the more common lactones.
It has some of the properties of a low density polyethylene but increased gloss, softness and flexibility.
The unstable isothiocyanate derived from the latter glucosinolate spontaneously cyclizes to goitrin, because the hydroxy group is situated in proximity to the isothiocyanate group.
It has been found to be sold on the illicit market as a controlled substance analogue, but little is currently known about its pharmacology or toxicology.
It is synthesized enzymatically from its two precursors and catabolized by NAAG peptidases in the synapse.
It is one of the most acidic phenols.
Although curcumin has been used historically in Ayurvedic medicine, its potential for medicinal properties remains unproven and is questionable as a therapy when used orally.
Danisco has withdrawn its petition for using alitame as a sweetening agent or flavoring in food in USA.
Decaborane, also called decaborane(14), is the borane with the chemical formula B10H14.
Isoxazoles also form the basis for a number of drugs, including the COX-2 inhibitor valdecoxib and a neurotransmitter agonist AMPA.
It is the N-methyl derivative of immepip.
It is marketed under the brand name Cardiogen-82 by Bracco Diagnostics for use in Myocardial perfusion imaging.
In extremely low concentrations, this and other fluoride compounds are used in limited medical treatment protocols.
Dilutions of as little as 10 ppm are unbearably bitter to most humans.
Conditions/substances to avoid are: open flame, moisture, strong acids.
In addition to the standard seizures, some of the second generation V series agents are known to cause comas.
It is produced on a large scale as a component of many domestic and industrial products, especially detergents.
freeze the product to isolate the lawsone powder, usually a yellow colored dust.
Neopterin belongs to the chemical group known as pteridines.
FAD, in its fully oxidized form, or quinone form, accepts two electrons and two protons to become FADH2.
Like abscisic acid, it is a plant hormone associated with photosynthesis arrest and abscission.
Bromacil is also found to be excellent at controlling perennial grasses.
In pharmaceutical manufacture it is used in the synthesis of antihistamines / antiallergenic agents and antihypertensive agents .
Its use as a laboratory reagent has been superseded to some extent by methyl triflate, CF3SO3CH3, the methyl ester of trifluoromethanesulfonic acid.
In organic chemistry, it has been found to promote the coupling of α, α-dichloroketones to 1-aryl-butane-1,4-diones.
About 4 million pounds of dichlorprop are used annually in the United States.
It is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U.S.
Thiane is a heterocyclic compound and an organosulfur compound with the formula5S.
Ozone is formed from dioxygen by the action of ultraviolet light and also atmospheric electrical discharges, and is present in low concentrations throughout the Earth's atmosphere.
Hypusine is formed in eIF-5A by post-translational modification of one of the lysyl residues.
It belongs to the family of drugs called ribonucleotide reductase inhibitors.
Benzyl cyanide is an organic compound with the chemical formula C6H5CH2CN.
It would be expected to hydrolyise within the body to form β-alanine.
Glycolic acid is found in some sugar-crops.
In his book PiHKAL, the dosage range is listed as 2-3.5[mg], and the duration is listed as 12–16 hours.
Ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate is an organic substance that is involved in photosynthesis.
1,3-Diaminopropane, also known as trimethylenediamine, is a simple diamine with the formula3(NH2)2.
It is the cause of contact allergic reactions in 2-3% of eczema patients undergoing patch testing.
2-Me-DET was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Carnosine and carnitine were discovered by Russian chemist Vladimir Gulevich.
Erythrose 4-phosphate is a phosphate of the simple sugar erythrose.
Its production is strictly controlled, and stockpiling is outlawed by the Chemical Weapons Convention of 1993 where it is classified as a Schedule 1 substance.
ECTFE was designed to provide chemical resistance in heavy duty corrosion applications.
Dodecane is a liquid alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH3(CH2)10CH3, an oily liquid of the paraffin series.
The soft drink 7Up was originally named "Bib-Label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda" when it was formulated in 1929 because it contained lithium citrate.
It also finds use as a lubricant and a plasticizer.
Thus, α-linolenic acid is a polyunsaturated n−3 fatty acid.
Because of the amine, morpholine is a base; its conjugate acid is called morpholinium.
Sodium hydroxide is a highly caustic base and alkali, that decomposes proteins at ordinary ambient temperatures and may cause severe chemical burns.
Acetanisole can be prepared synthetically by Friedel-Crafts acylation of anisole with acetyl chloride:
It was once called lunar caustic because silver was called luna by the ancient alchemists, who believed that silver was associated with the moon.
It is secreted in response to increased mean arterial pressure and increased blood volume from the cells of the distal tubule and collecting duct.
Nitrile rubber is less likely to cause an allergic reaction than natural rubber.
Sodium fluoride is a chemical compound and medication.
When pure, it is a colorless white powder.
According to the US Institute of Medicine, there is not enough evidence to establish a Recommended Daily Intake for choline.
Binding to the ATP-binding site, enzastaurin selectively inhibits protein kinase C beta, an enzyme involved in the induction of vascular endothelial growth factor-stimulated neo-angiogenesis.
This is the main form of zinc found in nature, where it mainly occurs as the mineral sphalerite.
The addition of two electrons removes the antiaromaticity; it becomes a planar 10π-electron aromatic species and is thus a bicyclic analogue of the cyclooctatetraene dianion C8H82−.
Clomazone was first registered by the USEPA on March 8, 1993 and was commercialized by FMC Corporation.
GMS is largely used in baking preparations to add "body" to the food.
PAGs undergo proton photodissociation irreversibly, while PAHs are molecules that undergo proton photodissociation and thermal reassociation.
Potassium superoxide is used as a CO
It is classified as a fatty alcohol.
Nitrazine is usually used as the disodium salt.
In plants, the hexaphosphate of inositol, phytic acid or its salts, the phytates, are found.
Like other polyfluorene polymers, it has been studied as a possible material for light-emitting diodes
It has been hypothesized that children with autism have abnormal leakage from the gut of this compound.
Ammelide is a triazine and the hydrolysis product of ammeline.
This association raises the midpoint potential of the iron-sulfur cluster from 290 to 540 mV and restricts movement of the cytoplasmic domain of the Rieske protein.
Capsaicin and several related compounds are called capsaicinoids and are produced as secondary metabolites by chili peppers, probably as deterrents against certain mammals and fungi.
Angelic acid is a volatile solid with a biting taste and pungent sour odor.
Pirimiphos-methyl can be applied as an interior surface paint additive, in order to achieve a residual pesticide effect.
Isoliquiritigenin is a phenolic chemical compound found in licorice.
Octanitrocubane8) is a high explosive that, like TNT, is shock-insensitive.
It is a stereoisomer and pseudo-enantiomer of cinchonidine.
It can be extracted by digesting Iceland moss in a cold, weak solution of carbonate of soda for some time, and then boiling.
Vanadium(III) oxide is the inorganic compound with the formula V2O3.
In his book PiHKAL, the minimum dosage is listed as 100 mg, and the duration is unknown.
This dark violet blue species exists as a volatile solid under standard conditions.
The derivative carbazochrome is a hemostatic medication.
It is a product of the caramelization of glucose.
This derivative of benzene is a colorless oily liquid that evaporates easily and has a sweet smell, although high concentrations have a less pleasant odor.
Sodium fumarate, also called disodium fumarate, is a compound with the molecular formula Na2C4H2O4.
It is usually available as the more stable dihydrochloride salt.
The highest percentage of pinolenic acid is found in Siberian pine nuts and the oil produced from them.
Other dihydrazides with different backbones are also common, including isophthalic dihydrazide and sebacic dihydrazide.
Stachyose is a tetrasaccharide consisting of two α-D-galactose units, one α-D-glucose unit, and one β-D-fructose unit sequentially linked as gal(α1→6)gal(α1→6)glc(α1↔2β)fru.
Riboflavin, also known as vitamin B2, is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement.
Nickel complexes of this ligand are homogeneous catalysts for the hydrocyanation of alkenes.
One simple method of preparation involves the reaction of chromium(II) chloride with sodium cyclopentadienide:
Consumption causes visual damage, mental confusion, and memory loss.
The salt obtained in this way is in the anhydrous state.
Monomethylhydrazine acts on the central nervous system and interferes with the normal use and function of vitamin B6.
Reflecting its slight hydrophilic character, the white powder is moderately soluble in alcohols and can be recrystallised from hot water.
TiBr4 is diamagnetic, reflecting the d0 configuration of the metal centre.
Pyridine was discovered in 1849 by the Scottish chemist Thomas Anderson as one of the constituents of bone oil.
Its main mode of action is via blocking of nerve sodium channels.
As of 2009, Hedione was Firmenich's top selling compound by volume.
Vinyl fluoride is an organic halide with the chemical formula C2H3F.
ATCC31749, which produces curdlan in extraordinary amounts, and Agrobacterium tumefaciens.
Phosphorus sesquisulfide is the inorganic compound with the formula P4S3.
It is the acetalisation product of acetone and methanol.
Frémy’s salt2]2) is commonly known as potassium nitrodisulfonate radical dianion and potassium peroxylamine disulfonate2]).
Its name is derived from the Latin word suber which means cork.
Galactosamine is a hexosamine derived from galactose with the molecular formula C6H13NO5.
It causes an inflammatory effect upon contact with the skin or mucous membranes.
Dandruff frequently returns if treatment is stopped.
α-Hexachlorocyclohexane is an organochloride which is one of the isomers of hexachlorocyclohexane.
Metolachlor is an organic compound that is widely used as an herbicide.
It is used in wound dressings and mouth infections and may also have antifungal action.
It is produced by combustion of wood and other organic materials and fossil fuels such as coal, peat, petroleum and natural gas.
It is classified as both a salicylamide and an anilide.
This anion has been of great theoretical interest to the chemistry community.
Natamycin is also used in the food industry as a natural preservative.
The compound has a trigonal bipyramidal molecular geometry and, in solution, exists as a mixture of two isomers that rapidly interconvert.
The European Union classifies it as a food additive permitted in certain foods and subject to quantitative limits.
It is toxic and is a powerful oxidizing and fluorinating agent.
It is a highly toxic emerald-green crystalline powder that has been used as a rodenticide and insecticide, and also as a pigment, despite its toxicity.
The nitrile is more stable, as is the usual case.
At these concentrations, ethanethiol is not harmful.
Common side effects include vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, rash, and swelling of the salivary glands.
Coenzyme B reacts with 2-methylthioethanesulfonate, to release methane in methanogenesis:
NIM811 is a mitochondrial permeability transition inhibitor.
Ethylene oxide is a colorless and flammable gas with a faintly sweet odor.
Plants containing this specific glucosinolate have goitrogenic potential due to the goitrin and thiocyanate they contain.
Its name indicates that it is a deoxy sugar, meaning that it is derived from the sugar ribose by loss of an oxygen atom.
In household products, it may also be found as an ingredient in cosmetics and hair conditioners in which it is added primarily for its antistatic effects.
It is the straight-chain form of amyl alcohol, one of 8 isomers with that formula.
In his book PiHKAL, the minimum dosage is listed as 150 mg, and the duration unknown.
The only commonly occurring compound with a lower solubility and hence, greater potential for restricting the grain growth of steels is titanium nitride.
In the metabolism of porphyrin, the enzyme uroporphyrinogen III decarboxylase generates coproporphyrinogen III from uroporphyrinogen III, and coproporphyrinogen III oxidase converts it into protoporphyrinogen IX.
Therefore, it can participate in certain biochemical reactions.
The natural ubiquinol form of coenzyme Q10 is 2,3-dimethoxy-5-methyl-6-poly prenyl-1,4-benzoquinol, where the polyprenylated side-chain is 9-10 units long in mammals.
It is essential in humans, meaning the body cannot synthesize it and thus it must be obtained from the diet.
An estimated 90 percent of toothpastes in the United States contains some type of fluoride.
Cupferron is prepared from phenylhydroxylamine and an NO+ source:
Delphinine is a toxic diterpenoid alkaloid found in plants from the Delphinium and Atragene genera, both in the family Ranunculaceae.
It is also known as Edman's reagent and is used in Edman degradation.
The CAS number of glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate is 591-59-3 and that of D-glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate is 591-57-1.
It was first registered for use in the US in 1966.
It is a derivative of benzene, containing two adjacent nitrile groups.
It is a more potent derivative of triamcinolone, and is about eight times as potent as prednisone.
TlI3 is no exception as it is possible to stabilise thallium(III) with excess I− forming the TlI4− ion iodide).
tert-Butyllithium is a chemical compound with the formula3CLi.
At one time it was a popular food colorant but it was delisted in 1959 in the U.S.
2-Ethoxyethanol can be manufactured by the reaction of ethylene oxide with ethanol.
Homocysteine  is a non-protein α-amino acid.
It can be prepared by adding sodium hydroxide solution, but not in excess, to a solution of any zinc salt.
A colourless solid, it is used as a building block in organic synthesis.
Rhodizonic acid has been used in chemical assays for barium, lead, and other metals.
Dichloroacetamide is a chlorinated derivative of acetamide.
It is often used as an antifungal agent, to treat ringworm and athlete's foot, for example.
Due to different time of light emission for different types of ionizing particles, the alpha-beta discrimination technique has been developed for CWO scintillators.
The low melting point of this material allows it to be melted for easy handling.
Their discoveries were the result of the first organized team effort to optimize the biological activity of a lead compound through systematic chemical modifications.
It is also the name given to the functional group consisting of an amine directly bonding to an azo group, i.e.
It has a terminal aldehyde group rather than a ketone in its linear chain, and so is considered part of the aldose family of monosaccharides.
Because NaMnO4 is difficult to prepare, sodium permanganate is more expensive than potassium permanganate.
The European Union also forbids the use of carbadox at any level.
It can even cause acute toxicity in humans if exposed for long periods of time or a sufficient dose.
Like other barium compounds, it is toxic.
Methane is a chemical compound with the chemical formula CH4.
Tellurium trioxide is an inorganic chemical compound of tellurium and oxygen.
Hexazine is a hypothetical allotrope of nitrogen composed of 6 nitrogen atoms arranged in a ring-like structure analogous to that of benzene.
NBS can be a convenient source of Br•, the bromine radical.
May also be used for antimony, thallium, or bismuth poisoning but the evidence is not good for these uses.
Benzo[k]fluoranthene is an organic compound with the chemical formula C20H12.
It is made by treating the chitin shells of shrimp and other crustaceans with an alkaline substance, like sodium hydroxide.
Polymerized with glucuronic acid, it forms hyaluronan.
It is mainly used for electroplating of nickel.
This white salt is widely used in the processing of metal oxides.
Glucose 6-phosphate is a glucose sugar phosphorylated on carbon 6.
It is a neuropeptide, acting as a neurotransmitter and as a neuromodulator.
Cocamidopropyl betaine to a significant degree has replaced cocamide DEA.
This makes the hydroxymethyl group an alcohol.
N-Acetylneuraminic acid is the predominant sialic acid found in mammalian cells.
By comparison, heavy water D2O occurs at a proportion of about 1 molecule in 41 million.
Tellurium tetrafluoride, TeF4, is a stable, white, hygroscopic crystalline solid and is one of two fluorides of tellurium.
Copper(I)-thiophene-2-carboxylate or CuTC is a thiophene and a reagent in organic chemistry that especially promotes the Ullmann reaction between aryl halides.
Asymbescaline, or 3,4-diethoxy-5-methoxyphenethylamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug.
An example of this ability can be found in the larvae of the tobacco budworm Heliothis virescens, which can tolerate massive amounts of dietary canavanine.
Complexes of the conjugate base, often called hfac−, exhibit enhanced volatility and Lewis acidity relative to analogous complexes derived from acetylacetone.
Roseophilin is an antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces griscovirides shown to have antitumor activity.
The Pheretima aspergillum worm, used in Chinese medicine preparations, contains hypoxanthine.
Although often abbreviated DMF, it should not be confused with dimethylformamide.
Nodularins are cyclic nonribosomal pentapeptides and contain several unusual non-proteinogenic amino acids such as N-methyl-didehydroaminobutyric acid and the β-amino acid ADDA.
Dihydropteroate is a pterin created from para-aminobenzoic acid by the enzyme dihydropteroate synthase.
It is a white crystalline solid with the chemical formula of Ce2(C2O4)3.
The benzyl group is often abbreviated "Bn", thus benzyl alcohol is denoted as BnOH.
4-HNE has 3 reactive groups: an aldehyde, a double-bond at carbon 2, and a hydroxy group at carbon 4.
Commonly abbreviated Hg(OAc)2, this compound is employed as a reagent to generate organomercury compounds from unsaturated organic precursors.
528/212) under its generic name "PMD rich botanic oil" and is currently proceeding through the registration process with the Health and Safety Executive in the UK.
Damascones are a series of closely related chemical compounds that are components of a variety of essential oils.
It is being studied in relation to the manufacture of certain types of superconductors and nanotubes.
A gas with the formula O2, its physical properties differ only subtly from those of the more prevalent triplet ground state of O2.
2C-T is a psychedelic and hallucinogenic drug of the 2C family.
Isocyanic acid is the simplest stable chemical compound that contains carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen, the four most commonly found elements in organic chemistry and biology.
It is one of the simplest enol ethers.
Methyl-n-amylnitrosamine is a potential carcinogen It is metabolized in the liver by the enzyme CYP2A6.
The effects of HMB on human skeletal muscle were first discovered by Steven L. Nissen at Iowa State University in the mid-1990s.
It is used as a catalyst in organic synthesis.
It is used in small amounts in a variety of niche applications.
