Its original members were Kyle Rayner, Arkillo, Bleez, Glomulus, Munk, Saint Walker and Fatality.
The title returned to Eternity Comics and was later published in a revamped version by Malibu Comics, which Eternity had become an imprint of.
The main antagonist is their sworn enemy, Colonel Olrik, who has appeared in almost every book.
Force Works was the name of different Marvel Comics superhero teams.
Revenants, like Gwen, are unique in that they possess both oversouls and undersouls.
Brat Pack is the title of a comic book limited series by Rick Veitch.
A few Jo, Zette and Jocko comics allude to characters or events in The Adventures of Tintin.
The potential for brand confusion caused concern that Harmony Gold would have problems selling its own transformable Macross toys.
Supergod is about superhumans who are no longer human at all, but something else.
It is edited by Elin Winkler and is nicknamed "Your Funny Animal Anthology".
The story has been collected into six hardcovers.
It's like stepping through a time portal back to characters I know as friends and a world that really launched my animation career".
The story is also a re-telling of the origins of Batman's sidekick Robin and his adoption by Bruce Wayne.
Two days later, Sega announced that IDW Publishing would be releasing a new series of Sonic comics beginning in 2018.
Crawl To Me is a comic book miniseries that was written and illustrated by Life of Agony bassist Alan Robert.
With issue #10, Crumb later handed over the editing reins to Bagge; with issue #18, the reins went to Crumb's wife, cartoonist Aline Kominsky-Crumb.
The first issue was printed in December 1937, making it the world's third-longest running comic, after Detective Comics and Il Giornalino.
It was first published by Eternity Comics and ran nine issues until 1990 when it was cancelled.
It is published by Marvel Comics under the company's Icon imprint.
Batman: Year 100 is a four-issue American comic book mini-series starring Batman, published in 2006 by DC Comics.
Feature Comics continued the numbering with issue #21, and ran until #144.
“Then Anonymous brought in the Guy Fawkes masks, and U.S. Day of Rage created more art challenging the relationship between Wall Street and Washington.
In the first issue, while they are traveling toward their intended destination of Earth, a meteor damages their spaceship, and they crash land on Earth's moon.
Punisher, retitled Franken-Castle from issue #17 on, is a Marvel Comics comic book series featuring the character Frank Castle, also known as the Punisher.
It was later republished by Fourth Estate, an imprint of HarperCollins.
"Ultimatum" is a 2009 comic book storyline published by Marvel Comics under its Ultimate Marvel.
Salem is a 4-issue American comic book limited series published by Boom!
The character cast consists of Dr. Ramzi, a scholar and social activist, the 99 youngsters, with special abilities conferred to them by "Noor" gemstones.
Fireball's original pendant saved his life on one occasion - it shielded him from a long range sniper's bullet.
Later issues featured Bill Wray as a regular and such guest artists as Timothy Truman, Joe Orlando and Ty Templeton.
It was originally published by DC Comics in 1996 and 1997.
A trade paperback was released on June 18, 2008.
The series is written primarily by Paul Dini, along with a rotating team of writers and artists.
It is licensed by Ian Fleming Publications and debuted in November 2015.
Conan, the sword-and-sorcery character created by Robert E. Howard, is the protagonist of seven major comic series published by Dark Horse Comics.
The series stars the Destines, a secret family of long-lived, British superhuman beings, who first appeared in Marvel Comics Presents #158.
Punisher: In the Blood is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.
Vampire Hunter D: American Wasteland is a comic book mini-series based on the popular Vampire Hunter D franchise, set to be published by Devil's Due Publishing.
Superman: War of the Worlds is a DC Comics Elseworlds comic story, published in 1998.
The story combined the elements of the Superman mythos with Mary Shelley's Frankenstein where that version of Superman is similar to Frankenstein's monster.
With such a great demand for the series, it was expanded into a four book miniseries for Comixology.
Look for reinterpretations of classic Marvel characters.
Hulk: Gray is a comic book limited series written by Jeph Loeb and illustrated by Tim Sale.
It is written by Matt Fraction and illustrated by Chip Zdarsky.
The series included one ongoing series, six mini-series, and an annual.
The Punisher is a Marvel comic book series featuring the character Frank Castle, also known as the Punisher, written by Greg Rucka.
The first five-issue story arc was published in trade paperback form in March 2015.
The latest version was released in 2016 and was dated 2017.
It was merged with The Rover in September 1963, becoming Rover and Wizard, and renamed The Rover in August 1969.
Scarab is an American comic book limited series written by John Smith and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics, featuring a superhero called Scarab.
The title refers to the three protagonists: Pretty Boy Floyd, Baby Face Nelson, and Machine Gun Kelly.
After disappearing from the city of Heavenside three years ago, he suddenly returns having undergone some changes during the interim.
The collected edition was published by IDW in APRIL 2009 collecting all 8 issues that were first published in 2002.
Buster was a long-running British comic which carried a mixture of humour and adventure strips, although the former increasingly replaced the latter.
Every issue, including the last one, had a cliffhanger ending.
It was written by John Wagner and Alan Grant with art by Mike McMahon.
Further Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix is a four-issue comic book mini-series published in 1996 by Marvel Comics.
It replaced The Best of Topper and The Best of Beezer, which had reprinted old strips for some years.
Fawcett followed the title with other monthly romance titles including Life Story, Cowboy Love, and Romantic Secrets.
Pon Pon is the title character of an Italian comic strip created by Luciano Bottaro.
It is the middle of a trilogy based on German Expressionist Cinema, proceeded by Superman's Metropolis and succeeded by Wonder Woman: The Blue Amazon.
Later, Graton published the albums by himself when he founded Graton éditeur in 1982.
The Justice League received its own comic book title called Justice League of America in November 1960.
The story was plotted by R. A. Salvatore and Scott Ciencin, scripted by Scott Ciencin, with art by Ron Wagner and colors by Caesar Rodriguez.
It was published by Vertigo Comics from March to July, 2003, with cover dates of May to September, 2003.
The first issue of a follow-up series Universal War Two was released in French on 25 September 2013.
The story follows the crew of an interstellar ship, the Galaxion, as they test a new experimental hyperdrive engine.
The final issue's delay was due to Johns realizing he needed more pages to conclude the story than originally intended.
The title featured covers by Portacio, Jason Pearson and Michael Golden.
Sweethearts was a romance comic book series published by Fawcett Publications from October 1948 to 1953, and continued by Charlton Comics from 1954 to 1973.
The series is a crossover between the mainstream Marvel Universe and a universe very similar to, but with notable differences from, the Marvel 2099 universe.
Both versions of Marvel Fanfare were anthology, showcase titles featuring a variety of characters from the Marvel universe.
Miller explained in 2010 "It’s no longer a DC book.
The series covers much of the DC Universe, and several characters whose disparate stories interconnect.
The series was conceived and written by science fiction author Lucius Shepard as part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint, Helix.
The comic was created as limited edition comic for 2009's Indy Skip Week.
Between 1986 and 2006 it was retitled The Adventures of Superman while a new series used the title Superman.
It is meant to serve as a direct successor to Avenging Spider-Man and a spiritual successor to Marvel Team-Up, whose name it plays on.
A quasi-sequel/spinoff titled Ultimate Comics: X began in February 2010, but only lasted for 5 issues.
His new life involves supernatural mysteries and enigmatic characters such as a talking cat named Mystery and the Dark Man, whose plans for Jonathan are unclear.
Gemini Blood is a nine-issue comic book series published by DC Comics under its Helix imprint.
A reluctant, non-costumed hero, he inherited his father’s name and mission and used his technology to create a cosmic staff.
In 2006, the original 1939 Monster Comic was reprinted as a facsimile edition in a collector's slipcase.
How Loathsome is a series of goth, LGBT comics by Ted Naifeh and Tristan Crane.
Elements of Volume I were used in a loosely adapted feature film of the same name, released in 2003 and starring Sean Connery.
The stories include many references to Japanese history and Japanese folklore, and sometimes include mythical creatures.
Shrugged is a comic series published by Aspen MLT, publishers of Soulfire and Fathom.
Cherry is an erotic comic book about a sexually adventurous 18-year-old woman and her friends, written and drawn by Larry Welz.
The first issue debuted at New York Comic Con on October 8, 2014, and continued for 20 issues.
How Loathsome received the Ninth Art Lighthouse award for "Best New Series" in 2003, and was runner-up for its "Best Bookshelf Comic" award in 2004.
The series premiered on The Disney Channel on March 4, 1989, after a preview episode was aired on August 27, 1988.
His roots, prior to his first appearance, came in the one-off story "Just a Story" in issue #15, by writer-artist Howard Purcell.
Dark Horse Comics has published the English version of Dylan Dog in the United States.
The series was written by Grant Morrison, drawn by Frank Quitely, and digitally inked by Jamie Grant.
Its final issue was dated 3 October 1964, after which it was merged into Princess.
As the child matures, the parts of the dialogue start to appear as normal, uncoded English.
Stormwatch: Post Human Division is an American comic book published by Wildstorm comics.
The issues were published from October 2009 to September 2010.
Star Spangled War Stories was the title of a DC Comics comic book series that featured war-themed characters and stories.
Stewart travelled to Vietnam to do extensive visual research.
Bob Haney, the creator and long-time writer of the Teen Titans series, considers the earlier issue to be the "first appearance" of the Teen Titans.
The word "pendulum" is new Latin, from the Latin pendulus, meaning 'hanging'.
The comic's art style is different than the game art—a choice from Hicks to give the comic a unique feel and identity.
Originally published by CrossGen, it was revived in 2011 by Marvel Comics as part of its acquisition of CrossGen titles.
The feature first appeared in Tintin magazine, where Jean Graton had already published a number of short stories about real-life sporting heroes.
The Draft was put into effect on January 28, 1988, and its unstated purpose was to establish a fighting force of soldiers with paranormal abilities.
Avengers Assemble was an ongoing comic book series featuring the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers.
Arcade: The Comics Revue is a magazine-sized comics anthology created and edited by Art Spiegelman and Bill Griffith to showcase the work of underground artists.
The Manhattan Projects is a graphic novel series co-created by writer Jonathan Hickman and artist Nick Pitarra published by Image Comics.
Look and Learn was a British weekly educational magazine for children published by Fleetway Publications Ltd from 1962 until 1982.
The cover of the compilation is by Jaime Hernandez, the back cover by Gilbert.
The series, for the most part, eschewed appearances by other DC universe characters save for Batman, Alfred Pennyworth, Commissioner Gordon, and Batman's rogues gallery.
The issues are written by Joe Harris.
No Hero is a superhero comic book created by writer Warren Ellis and Juan Jose Ryp.
It starred Grifter from the Wildcats investigating an attempted murder on his friend John Lynch.
It gained a great commercial success, selling over 500.000 copies per week and launching the careers of its three authors.
The artists drew one to four panels per page with the text overlaid onto the artwork.
Part of its difference in the marketplace was that it attracted writers and cartoonists from a wide range of previous disciplines.
Critics particularly praised Wong's illustrations, as well as Druckmann's writing and character development.
The series deals with alien villain Darkseid's plot to overthrow reality, and the subsequent death and corruption of various DC characters and their universe.
In addition to the stories credited to him, Feldstein also wrote under the pseudonyms Maxwell Williams and Alfred E. Neuman.
There have been three main publishers of the comic book series bearing the name Transformers based on the toy lines of the same name.
The series is an adaptation of a 1980s script that Moore wrote based upon the fairy tale Beauty and the Beast.
Barack the Barbarian originally appeared in a four-issue mini-series.
Tarzan of the Apes was adapted into newspaper strip form, first published January 7, 1929, with illustrations by Hal Foster.
Spyman was secret agent Johnny Chance, who lost his left hand defusing a nuclear bomb.
Superboy is the name of several American comic book series published by DC Comics, featuring characters of the same name.
The comics have been adapted into a film of the same name and a number of theatrical productions.
Author William Herberg offers the following definition:
The series is currently being revived by American editor and comics creator Mort Todd, under the new title, Sadistik: The Diabolikal Super-Kriminal.
It also introduced several new characters of various races and backgrounds, including humans, mutants, aliens, and other anthropomorphic creatures.
It received critical acclaim and was nominated for the 2004 Eisner Award for best limited series.
It was written by Larry Hama, with art by Christopher Schons.
The story takes place in Ancient Egypt.
Jungle Tales was an American comic book title published by Atlas Comics, the 1950s predecessor to Marvel Comics.
Quicksilver was one of the many mutants to lose his powers as part of the Decimation, which he was, in part, responsible for.
After this, Crumb's work was to be collected in individually titled collections, and not be part of the official numbered series.
It ran for 32 issues and an annual, which were published from 1986 to 1989.
A precursor to The Pulse, the story focuses on a journalist whose career is centered on super powered beings.
Carey's version, however, is still intrinsically western.
Pantheon is an American comic book series written by Bill Willingham.
The series is a science fictional and gender-bent re-imagination of Homer's Odyssey.
The story follows superhuman Meriem Cooper, a 19-year-old jungle woman who battles dinosaurs and other prehistoric creatures in the Cretaceous period.
In 1998 Pimpa was the main character in two stage plays, Pimpa Cappuccetto Rosso and Pimpa, Kamillo e il libro magico.
A strip named "Mickey the Monkey" originally appeared on the front cover.
Originally published in stapled format, recent issues are square bound with higher page counts.
During its run, the series was said to feature "every gay male cartoonist of note who has worked since the 1970s".
Neozoic is a Red 5 Comics comic book title.
78 Tage auf der Straße des Hasses is a German comic written and illustrated by David Füleki and first published by Delfinium Prints in 2008.
It was published in 1996 by Vertigo comics, an imprint of DC Comics.
These two series were DC's counterparts to Marvel Comics' Marvel Graphic Novel line.
Featuring the adventures of Superman supporting character Jimmy Olsen, it contains stories often of humorous nature.
When I first heard the term, Stephen Hawking defined it when he was describing what might await at the bottom of black holes.
After Hultons were sold to Odhams Press in 1959, Swift was merged into the Eagle in 1963.
It features a re-imagining of the historical classic in a post-apocalyptic future.
43 in their 50 Best Non-Superhero Graphic Novels.
Bullet was a comic book published weekly in the UK during the 1970s.
It was published by Marvel Comics for two issues, from November 1995 to December 1995.
Gotham by Gaslight is a DC Comics one-shot by Brian Augustyn and Mike Mignola, with inks by P. Craig Russell.
In 2014, the rights to the series returned to the creators and was rereleased by South Fellini.
The two main political groups in The Path are of a Japanese and Chinese typology.
for want of a shoe the horse was lost,
Supergirl is the name of seven comic book series published by DC Comics, featuring various characters of the same name.
The story takes place in 1898 in a fictional world where all of the characters and events from Victorian literature coexist.
It was the fourth series with this title to be published, following series that ran from 1968–1996, 1996–1997, and 1998-2004.
The comic received praise from fans and has since then gained a loyal cult following.
Hill describes it as a "sleazy '80s horror film I always wanted to do."
The comic inspired a franchise of four television series, six feature films, numerous video games, and a wide range of toys and merchandise.
Duroc/Durak, who would assist Dagar appeared in issues #7, 14, 15.
The book received positive reviews from critics, who enjoyed the strange matchup and dark humor.
The series follows the adventures of Bleu L. Finnegan and her friends as they attend high school during the early 1990s, specifically between the years 1991-93.
Will To Power was a twelve-issue limited series event published by Dark Horse Comics under their Comics Greatest World imprint.
It is set in the 1920s and follows Chancer's expedition to discover the mythical 'Rainbow Orchid'.
It featured the adventures of Scrooge McDuck, his nephews, Mickey Mouse, and other Disney characters.
The Sandman: Endless Nights is a graphic novel written by Neil Gaiman as a follow-up to his Sandman series.
It features a team of superheroes called the X-Men, a group of mutants with superhuman abilities led and taught by Professor X.
Jon Sable guest starred in issues #5-9 of the series, his first appearance since the cancellation of the First Comics series Sable in 1990.
Before the first release, Kirkman also began to develop a television adaptation with Cinemax which began airing in June 2016.
The Abomination buries both her and Char, but Jennifer Walters is written on the grave.
Peter Pest, a boy who constantly interrupted his sister's attempt to be alone with her boyfriends.
Tokyo Storm Warning is a three-issue comic book mini-series published in 2003 by WildStorm imprint Cliffhanger.
The Weapon was a martial arts/superhero comic book published by Platinum Studios in 2007.
for want of a knight the battle was lost.
At 96 pages initially, Comic Cavalcade was about one-and-one-half-times the length of the average comic book of the time.
Batman/Aliens is a crossover between the Batman and Aliens comic book franchises.
This was reflected in the series by tying into crossover events of the Marvel Universe proper, including "Civil War", "World War Hulk", and "Secret Invasion".
With the consolidation of the Marvel Knights line, Marvel Knights Spider-Man was renamed The Sensational Spider-Man as of issue 23.
New Men was a comic book series published during the 1990s by Image Comics.
Gianconiglio, internationally known as Sonny, is an Italian comic strip created by Carlo Peroni.
Endless Nights was preceded by The Wake.
It was originally published in 2001 as five comic books, and republished as into a single graphic novel in 2003.
Exiles is the name of two American comic book series, both of which were published by Malibu Comics.
Sabrina the Teenage Witch appears in all 106 issues, and this title served as a transition for her from Archie's Mad House to her own title.
and Captain Comet, along with other DC space adventurers.
The series has eight issues and they have all been gathered into one 216 page trade paper back as of May 2009.
The series' launch coincided with the release of the video game God of War III in March 2010.
Threshold was an ongoing comic book series published by DC Comics, as part of The New 52.
Automatic Kafka is a nine-issue comic book limited series written by Joe Casey with art by Ashley Wood.
The series is about a US presidential candidate, Governor Alvarado, who has come to believe she may have been abducted by aliens.
Red Raven Comics was a title of Timely Comics.
The first of these was published as an ongoing series from 1955 to 1983.
The comic ran for 18 issues from April 1990 to September 1991.
Star Spangled Comics was a comic book series published by DC Comics which ran for 130 issues from October 1941 to July 1952.
Scooter Girl is a miniseries by Chynna Clugston, which tells the story of two mod revivalists living in California.
The first three limited series, reprinted in the collected editions Biohazards, Dangerous Acquaintances, and Plague of Angels, were published by the since-defunct Eclipse Comics.
Mystic is a comic book that was published by the Florida-based CrossGen Comics.
Hellspawn is an American comic book series published by Image Comics.
The series was the longest-running and one of the most successful titles of DC's Vertigo imprint, and was the stepping stone to many British writers.
The series was used as inspiration for the Albedo role-playing game, which has had three editions and multiple supplements.
It concerns the Golden Age DC Comics superheroes entering the 1950s and facing the advent of McCarthyism.
Approximately 2,000 of the 17,897 strips had never appeared in a previous U.S. collection.
The series is available in The Transformers: Volume 1.
Espinosa handled nearly every aspect of Rocketo's production, with Marie Taylor credited as co-writer.
The story focused on the Gotham City Police Department and the difficulties of its officers living and working in Gotham City, home of Batman.
and for "...the sheer diversity on display.
In December 2006 Aaron Williams started posting the comic page by page on his website.
As of issue 7, Dave Taylor has replaced Nate Bellegarde, who no longer is part of the creative team.
In 1983, the series provided the basis for an animated television adaptation.
The first issue of the new Dark Horse series has been solicited for release on October 9, 2013 as an ongoing series.
The second, "Lord of Nightmares", illustrated by Dustin Nguyen further focuses on the mythology presented by Survival of the Fittest.
The title returned to its old name and numbering when Ben Reilly took on the Spider-Man name.
It was written chiefly by Karl Bollers with different artists doing different issues.
The Bunker is a comic book written by Josh Fialkov with artwork by Joe Infurnari.
Four Color published many of the first comics featuring characters licensed from Walt Disney.
This was written by Mullally and illustrated by Brian Forbes.
Both miniseries were released through Image Comics.
The Redeemer is a special, 4-issue comic mini-series published by Warhammer Monthly, Games Workshop's monthly comic collection.
It was founded by Steve MacManus and edited by Peter Hogan.
Both serials were later reprinted in separate trade paperbacks published at the time of the magazine's fiftieth issue.
In those episodes, Renaud and Dufaux pit Blandy against "all degenerates of the U.S. society": corrupt politicians, serial killers, worshippers of Satan and many more.
House of Mystery is an occult and horror-themed comic book anthology series based on the classic House of Mystery series that ran from 1951 to 1983.
Big Numbers is an unfinished graphic novel by writer Alan Moore and artist Bill Sienkiewicz.
Inker Danny Bulanadi and letterer Janice Chiang also stayed with D.P.
The other two were Golden Comics Digest and Walt Disney Comics Digest.
Macedonia is a biographical comic book, published in June 2007 by Random House.
Satellite Sam is a creator-owned American comic book series by Matt Fraction and American artist Howard Chaykin distributed by Image Comics starting in July 2013.
In the early 1970s, it was replaced by "Send for Kelly", by "Danny's Tranny" in 1975, and "Tricky Dicky" in 1979.
UDON published six issues of Exalted between 2005 and 2007.
The plot is based on the Joker's original introduction in Batman #1.
Champion of the Universe, a Marvel Comics character and a member of The Elders
Archie's Pals 'n' Gals was an ongoing comic book series published by Archie Comics featuring Archie and his friends.
Interest was rekindled with 1975's Giant-Size X-Men and the debut of a new, international team.
Image Comics began publishing it in January 2012.
The series is a modernized re-imagining of Marvel's long-running Spider-Man comic book franchise as part of its Ultimate Marvel imprint.
When the comic books appeared for public mass sale in 1974, they were printed as standard 26-page hardcover children's comic books.
Sabrina was created by writer George Gladir and artist Dan DeCarlo, and first appeared in Archie's Madhouse #22.
The Green Lantern Chronicles: Volume 3 collects Green Lantern vol.
Originally available in stand-alone magazines and in a strip featured on the now defunct El Mundo newspaper, Turey debuted in news stands on October 26, 1989.
It was produced by the now defunct Chaos!
Countdown, known as Countdown to Final Crisis for its last 24 issues based on the cover, was a comic book limited series published by DC Comics.
Serafino is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Egidio Gherlizza.
In September 2008, Ira and Robin negotiated a deal to create a documentary chronicling their struggles to produce a comic book independently, with Nick Parsons.
The team has also appeared in a 2010 miniseries, Dynamo 5: Sins of the Father, and the one-shot Dynamo 5 Holiday Special 2010.
It is additionally the title of two unrelated, short-lived fantasy/science fiction magazines.
Project Superpowers is a comic book limited series published by Dynamite Entertainment beginning January 2008.
The team first appears in Relative Heroes #1, by Devin K. Grayson and Yvel Guichet.
The final issue was published in April 2003.
The story is written by Alan Brennert and illustrated by Norm Breyfogle.
This was the first series to be launched in 2005 under DC's All Star imprint.
The title is illustrated by Michael Avon Oeming.
Brath was an American comic book published by Crossgen Entertainment from February, 2003 to June, 2004.
It was written by John Wagner and Alan Grant, and drawn by Cam Kennedy and Steve Montano.
Issue 1 presents the origin of the White Princess of the Jungle, Taanda.
Its tagline was "Weird tales of suspense and horror!"
This was followed by a second volume titled Transformers: Generation 2, which ran for 12 issues starting in 1993.
The stories are fictional but set in and around historical events during the Viking Age.
World's Finest Comics was an American comic book series published by DC Comics from 1941 to 1986.
Grillo-Marxuach decided he wanted to write a series that represented all of the things he grew up loving.
From issue #28 it was re-titled Top-Notch Laugh Comics.
There was also an eponymous comics series starring the group, which ran from March 1984 through June 1988.
Fashion Beast is a 2012 ten issue limited series and screenplay by Alan Moore, Malcolm McLaren, and Antony Johnston.
A superhero anthology comic in both cases, they variously featured such star characters as Captain America, the original Human Torch, and the Sub-Mariner.
Warrior was a British comics anthology that ran for 26 issues between March 1982 and January 1985.
The story is considered an adaptation of the original Armor Wars story line, placing it in the Ultimate Universe.
For want of a nail the shoe was lost,
The story was written by Ron Fortier and illustrated by Alex Ross, his first published comic work.
Wolverine is a number of Marvel Comics comic book series starring the X-Men member Wolverine.
An issue #0, was released in October 2008, containing three stand-alone stories which acted as previews for the main G.I.
Near Myths was a comic magazine published in Edinburgh during the late 1970s that only ran for five issues.
Punisher is a comic book series starring the fictional Marvel Comics vigilante the Punisher.
Cyberella is an American comic book series first published in 1996 as part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint, Helix.
is a fictional espionage, special law-enforcement, and counter-terrorism agency appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
It returned to its original numbering with #516.
The series gained a Gaylactic Spectrum Award nomination for Best Other Work in 2001.
It was released by Dark Horse Comics in 2007.
Drain is a creator-owned comic, written C. B. Cebulski and painted by Sana Takeda.
He returned in the Silver Age of Comic Books in 1958, in The Unexpected.
One non-superhero ongoing character introduced in Comic Cavalcade was newspaperman Johnny Peril.
The series was a departure from typical Punisher stories in that it dealt with supernatural themes.
JLA: Destiny is a comic book mini-series that was published by DC Comics in 2002.
In 2014, the first five issues were reprinted in a collection titled Fusion: The Soulstar Commission.
The first issue was published on April 14, 2010.
Frank Miller and Geof Darrow won the 1991 Eisner award for Best Writer/Artist for this series.
Deepak Chopra's Buddha is a comic book on the life of Buddha, featuring artwork by Virgin Comics artists, written by Deepak Chopra.
The connection with Andy Capp was gradually forgotten over time, and Andy no longer appeared in the strip by the mid-1960s.
These stories earned Mazzucchelli the 72nd position on The Comics Journal's list of the best comics of the 20th century.
"Heidi must ally herself with the last person she ever suspected, an ex-soldier.
Wilbur Comics was a comic book published from 1944 to 1965.
Terror Tales, Worlds of Fear, Strange Suspense Stories, and Unknown Worlds.
It revisited periods of the company’s main characters: Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, the Justice League and the Flash.
Written by Howard Chaykin and David Tischman, with art by J.H.
The series is characterized by its extreme graphic violence and nudity, and Mills' skewering of superhero conventions and US government policy and society.
The highly popular character was spun off into his own comic, Ally Sloper's Half Holiday, in 1884.
Just Imagine... is a comic book published by American company DC Comics.
Classic X-Men initially printed additional back-up stories further delving into and explaining the original stories.
So you'll learn the importance of things like the Super Soldier program, which has been hinted at in Ultimate Spider-Man and Ultimates 1 and 2.
Damnation Crusade is a six-issue comic book limited series from Boom!
Primortals was a comic book series published by Tekno-Comix from 1995 to 1997.
Written and pencilled by Alan Davis and inked by Mark Farmer, its premiere issue was cover-dated January 2007.
The film became the first in a series, spawning three sequels and a remake in 2010.
Also notable were the eccentric gospel adaptations that ran in most issues.
The official start of the main series is August 2010.
The storyline was published between March and June 2013 and featured a storyline by Brian Michael Bendis.
Historically they were used as gravimeters to measure the acceleration of gravity in geophysical surveys, and even as a standard of length.
Created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Jack Burnley, the original Starman, Ted Knight, first appeared in Adventure Comics #61.
In any situation, he sees what he thinks needs doing, and he does it.
The title introduced the characters Banshee, Black Fury, Nagana, Queen of Evil, Samson, and Stardust the Super Wizard.
It follows the first post-Crisis encounter between the Justice League of America and their evil counterparts from an antimatter universe, the Crime Syndicate of Amerika.
Aces High was dedicated to tales of air combat and front line service of Allied airmen during World War I and World War II.
Storylines of the character at elementary-school-age also appear under the title "Sabrina -- That Cute Little Witch" in almost all of the Little Archie comics.
Joe was Marvel's top-selling subscription title in 1985, and was receiving 1200 fan letters per week by 1987.
Tits & Clits Comix is an all-female underground comics anthology put together by Joyce Farmer and Lyn Chevli, published from 1972 to 1987.
Spawn: Godslayer is also the name of a special published in October 2006 set before the events of the series.
The series is on hiatus with only six of the planned eight issues being released.
It is an eight issue limited series written by Eric Shanower, penciled by Skottie Young, and colored by Jean-Francois Beaulieu.
Many covers were painted by Scott Jackson.
This was the first time the Ultimates as a team had crossed over with characters from the Ultimate Marvel Universe.
It was first published in Hora Cero Semanal from 1957 to 1959.
It aired in Japan between March 7, 1999 and March 26, 2000.
The story was written by Robert Rodi and penciled by John Higgins.
The book is the sequel to the comic book Superman: Last Son of Earth, also by Gerber and Wheatley.
Black learns that the Group is still operating over a decade after their supposed defeat, and have recruited his estranged daughter to combat gathering demonic forces.
The series features special short stories focussing on specific Aspen characters.
Daytripper is a ten-issue American comic book limited series by Fábio Moon and Gabriel Bá, published by the DC Comics imprint Vertigo.
A being from another planet, he has taken on the form of an African American man, but has abilities such as flight, super-strength, and invulnerability.
The Snobbs and the Slobbs, a rich-family-versus-poor-family strip.
It relaunched as Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man and features Miles Morales and a new artist named Sara Pichelli.
Doomsday + 1 was an American post-apocalyptic comic-book series published by Charlton Comics in the 1970s.
A short-running series titled Batman Beyond Unlimited became the fifth.
Fell is an American comic book, written by Warren Ellis, illustrated by Ben Templesmith, and published by Image Comics.
In July 1971, it joined with another football-themed comic, Score, to form Scorcher and SCORE, before finally merging into Tiger to become TIGER and Scorcher.
The third Marvel Team-Up series, written by Robert Kirkman, began publication in January 2005 and frequently featured Spider-Man.
Charlton Bullseye was the title of a short-lived Charlton Comics showcase comic book series published from June 1981 through December 1982.
Each season comprises 22-24 issues and one story arc spans between five and seven issues which is reprinted in graphic novel form.
A co-story concerns a nihilistic detective and a psychic.
These chapters have been collected into print issues starting with #1 in December 2012.
The first issue was released on October 24, 2007.
Alex Milne is the artist with alternative covers by Marcelo Matere.
Creepy Scarlett is an eight-issue comic book series written and self-published by Graeme Buchan.
Avengers World was an ongoing comic series published by Marvel Comics as part of the third wave of Marvel NOW!.
Stephen King is the Creative and Executive Director of the project.
The bi-monthly comic, published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein, began with issue 1 in February/March 1952.
Accompanying artwork depicted a rural America populated with such iconic images as guns, cowboy hats, vests, horses, saloons, ranches, and deserts, contemporaneous with the setting.
The Intimates was a twelve-issue American comic book limited series, written by Joe Casey and published by DC Comics' Wildstorm imprint.
Eightball is a comic book by Daniel Clowes and published by Fantagraphics Books.
The Craptacular B-Sides is a three issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 2002.
The Green Lantern Chronicles is a series of trade paperbacks from DC Comics, intended to reprint all Green Lantern stories chronologically, starting with his earliest appearance.
After its release, the graphic novel was critically well-received by the comic book community and elevated Bendis' career in the industry.
Fantastic Four vs. the X-Men is a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 1987.
The title is a reference to the William Butler Yeats poem "The Second Coming".
It has since been reprinted in graphic novel format in four separate editions.
Jericho Season 3: Civil War is a comic book limited series of six issues that continues the storyline of the CBS television show Jericho.
RoboCop refers to a number of comic book series spun off from the feature film of the same name.
The first album of the series was published in 1970.
All of the series were published as part of DC Comics' Helix imprint.
The period depends on the length of the pendulum and also to a slight degree on the amplitude, the width of the pendulum's swing.
Green Arrow: Year One is a 2007 Green Arrow limited series published by DC Comics.
His secret identity was eventually revealed in issue #5 as Irving Forbush, Marvel's fictitious office gofer.
Ninjak is a fictional superhero appearing in eponymous American comic books published by Valiant Comics and Acclaim Comics.
Hyperkind is a superhero comic book series published by Marvel Comics' Razorline imprint that ran from 1993 to 1994.
The title was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, met with a lukewarm reception, and was eventually cancelled in 1970.
Alix, or The Adventures of Alix, is a Franco-Belgian comics series drawn in the ligne claire style by Jacques Martin.
The writer of the two issues was Tom DeFalco and the penciller was Mark Bagley.
The first issue was released in November 2005, and the series concluded in June 2008.
Originally intended as a mini-series, the comic hit such a boom of popularity that it became a full series, currently totaling over 160 issues.
The creators also cited Mad magazine as a major influence.
Voodoo Child is a comic book limited series published by Virgin Comics, and created by Nicolas Cage and his son Weston Coppola Cage.
A total of twelve issues appeared, dated from December 1996 to March 1998.
The setting of the series is a dystopian United States that has become a Third World country.
It depicts the patriotic and humorous stories of Italino, an interventionist young Trentino farmer who enjoys doing spites to his Austro-Hungarian rival Kartoffel Otto.
First time published in French by Delcourt, the album in English was published in the USA by Image Comics, on January 2nd 2007
The second limited series entitled Orphan Black: Helsinki began release in November 2015 and is also set to contain five issues.
It was a spin-off of Vertigo's popular Hellblazer series.
is an American comic book mini-series published by Image Comics, crossing over Todd McFarlane's Spawn and Jim Lee's WildC.A.T.S.
Regular contributors included writers Kanigher, Roger McKenzie, Cary Burkett, Jack C. Harris, and Paul Kupperberg; and artists Grandenetti, Dick Ayers, and Howard Chaykin.
Mylo Xyloto is a comic book series created by the music group Coldplay and filmmaker Mark Osborne.
A contemporary fantasy story, The Grimoire was created by writer Sebastien Caisse and art studio Grafiksismik.
Casanova is an American creator-owned comic book series by writer Matt Fraction and artists Gabriel Bá and Fábio Moon.
In the comic book, Superman and Wonder Woman are featured as educators who are teaching children about the dangers of landmines.
The subsequent series being No Hero, and Supergod.
They follow the adventures of Professor Julius Palmboom.
Mickey Mouse Adventures was a comic book first published by Disney Comics from 1990 to 1991.
Written and illustrated by Matt Howarth, Star Crossed recounts the surrealist tale of a deep-space romance between a genetically engineered über-woman and a sentient asteroid.
Scott Pilgrim is a series of graphic stories by Bryan Lee O'Malley.
The graphic novel was the first Batman story to be written by Morrison before becoming a regular writer in future Batman titles.
Beast Wars is a comic book series by IDW Publishing, based upon Hasbro's toy line and the original television series.
The first six-issue limited series, The Umbrella Academy: Apocalypse Suite, was released by Dark Horse Comics, the first issue making its premiere on September 19, 2007.
The Other Side is a five-issue 2006 Vietnam War-themed comic book mini-series published by DC Comics as a part of its Vertigo imprint.
A spin-off title, Debbi's Dates, ran for 11 issues from 1969 to 1971.
El Mercenario is a science fiction comics series by the Spanish artist Vicente Segrelles, published beginning in 1980.
Reviewers sometimes criticized the pace later in the run, but the series won industry awards throughout its publication.
As of March 2016, nine issues have been published, the first six of which form the completed first arc.
Captain America's solo title had been restarted in 2002 as a part of the Marvel Knights imprint.
The series is a "continuation" of Sam's Strip, as it uses the same characters.
The series has since been collected in ten trade paperbacks and one deluxe edition.
The setting is in a different universe where dinosaurs did not become extinct and the humans are no longer the dominant species.
The series takes place over the course of several generations, and chronicles the life of each of the five Metabarons.
Druckmann wrote the story in his spare time while working at the video game developer Naughty Dog.
The Light and Darkness War is a limited series, six-issue comic book written by Tom Veitch and illustrated by Cam Kennedy.
The book's art is by Chris Weston, and depicts retro technology in "British" style.
CrossGen Chronicles #7, Negation: Lawbringer, and the Mark of Charon mini-series were Negation-related books that CrossGen published.
DC Universe: Legacies is a 2010–2011 ten-issue comic book limited series written by Len Wein and published by DC Comics.
The series was published by IDW Publishing.
It was written by Brett Matthews with Joss Whedon credited for story, illustrated by Will Conrad, and colored by Laura Martin.
The comic book was adapted into an animated TV series of the same name.
The Dreamhoppers is an American comic book series created by Shin Koyamada, Nia Lyte and Travis Moore.
When Timothy Hunter first appeared he was a young boy who had the potential to be the world's most powerful magic user.
It was overseen by King, written by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, illustrated by Mike Perkins, and colored by Laura Martin.
Violine is a French comic book series, as well as the name of its main character, created by Didier "Tronchet" Vasseur and Fabrice Tarrin.
The Grimoire was a comic book series published by Speakeasy Comics in 2005.
DeMatteis, with the artwork by Mike Cavallaro.
Victorian Undead is a series of comics about Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson dealing with the supernatural.
It is published by IDW Publishing, and premiered on December 18, 2013.
Justice League Task Force was a spinoff of Justice League Europe, a series which ran from April 1989 to May 1993.
Fleetway continued to produce the title until 2000, when it was bought by Rebellion Developments.
One of the best selling comics in British popular culture, along with The Beano, sales of The Dandy reached two million a week in the 1950s.
Angel Love only made one appearance in the normal continuity of the DC Universe.
All issues in the series were written by playwright Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, and presented stories that focused less upon science fiction themes than typical Fantastic Four tales.
Although Marvel initially like the concept and accepted the submission, changes in editorial direction at Epic scrapped the project.
Derf Backderf's short strip "My Friend Dahmer", which was later expanded to an award-winning graphic novel, also appeared in its pages.
Following the series' demise, various companies reprinted its titles.
Venom: Separation Anxiety is a four-issue comic book limited series, published by Marvel Comics from December 1994 to March 1995.
I was obsessed with fantasy books when I was a young teenager – Tolkien, Alan Garner, Susan Cooper, Robert E. Howard, Michael Moorcock, Stephen Donaldson….
Starting in England, the adventure takes the characters first to France, then Karachi in India and into the Indus Valley.
The second volume debuted in November 2015.
The stories featureded the film actor Alan Ladd in a variety of adventurous situations.
In the past, Shulk finds the underground tunnels and is confronted by the past Abomination.
The story serves as both a lead up to the film and as a continuation of the Star Trek: The Next Generation franchise.
Gothic Blimp Works, an all-comics tabloid published in 1969 by Peter Leggieri and the East Village Other, was billed as "the first Sunday underground comic paper".
The Tale of One Bad Rat is a 4-issue comic book limited series by Bryan Talbot.
The series was released in September, 2007.
Bert Ljung's look is similar to the one of the books.
The series was based on the Jonny Double character created in 1968 by Len Wein and Marv Wolfman.
The covers for each issue were supplied by Steve Rude.
The two titles share several characters, but they are not directly related to each other.
Alias is a comic book series created by writer Brian Michael Bendis and artist Michael Gaydos.
Sachs and Violens is a fictional comic book duo created by American writer Peter David and co-developed with George Pérez.
From 1995 to 1997, a quarterly series titled Spider-Man Team-Up fulfilled much the same purpose as the original title.
The characters made their first appearance in a story titled Stray in The Dark Horse Book of Hauntings.
The series contains four books, released between December 8, 2002 and February 23, 2003.
Dexter is a five-issue limited series comic book written by Jeff Lindsay, painted by Dalibor Talajic and published by Marvel Comics in 2013.
Avenging Spider-Man has also been instrumental in Marvel's shift towards including codes to receive free digital copies of the comic with purchased print comic books.
Future Tense was released to coincide with a planned release of the storyline from Mirage entitled Forever War, but this eventually was canceled.
Todosi appears in the prequel to The Path and an issue of The First.
Vermillion is a dark science fantasy comic book series set in an eponymous city located in an imagined far future or alternate reality.
A considerable number of pages were also dedicated to real life tales of heroic women in various fields.
The Iron Man tale is continued from Tales of Suspense #99 and continues in Iron Man #1.
The series was written by Robert Kirkman with art by Sean Phillips and Arthur Suydam.
The series was written by Jeff Parker, with cover art by Mike Allred.
All ongoing series were cancelled in 2005 due to Dreamwave's bankruptcy, leaving their plotlines unresolved.
In addition, characters from the Wildstorm and Vertigo imprints were absorbed into the DC Universe.
In this book, Batman gets help from Huntress in taking down the Predator.
Ultimate Iron Man is the name of two comic book miniseries written by Orson Scott Card and published by Marvel Comics.
Full-colour hardback volumes, coloured by Nathan Fairbairn, were released from August 2012 to April 2014.
Peter appeared in Leading Comics regularly until issue #77.
The spirit of Marvel Team-Up was carried on by Avenging Spider-Man and later Superior Spider-Man Team-Up.
The strips, which used text narrative beneath unbordered panels, premiered in the 14 August 1867 issue of Judy, a humour-magazine rival of the famous Punch.
The format of the humorous strips was to pack in as many gags and slapstick situations as possible.
The first series was illustrated in the typical pen-and-ink method of the comic book industry by penciller David López and inker Fernando Blanco.
The first six issues formed the "Extremis" story, which updated Iron Man's origin story and introduced the Extremis virus.
Created by Marv Wolfman and Gil Kane, it was based on the Barsoom series of Edgar Rice Burroughs and featured the eponymous character.
Originally intended as a sequel to James Cameron's 1986 film Aliens, the first mini-series features the characters of Rebecca "Newt" Jorden and Corporal Dwayne Hicks.
It's noted for its distinctive 7 × 5½ inch, 68 page format that became a standard for these kinds of stories.
The series was launched in late 2011, and will comprise 6000 pages over roughly 30 240-page volumes when it is finished.
All issues of Elfquest published prior to 2013 are available online for free.
2 because the first series, currently Uncanny X-Men, was titled The X-Men prior to 1981.
Apocalypse Nerd is a six-issue comic book limited series created by Peter Bagge and published by Dark Horse Comics.
Written by Howard Chaykin and drawn by Don Cameron the title has been variously described as a techno-satire and a populist cyberpunk dystopia.
This was followed by a second volume titled Transformers: Generation 2, which ran for 12 issues starting in 1993.
A fifth volume was launched in 2016 as part of DC Rebirth.
Taboo most notably serialized Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell's From Hell.
The series featured stories based on comedian Bob Hope, as well as assorted other humorous stories.
The others were The Spectacular Scarlet Spider, Scarlet Spider, and Web of Scarlet Spider.
The title is a reference to the multiple definitions of ‘singularity’.
Each Sister has been trained in the art of battle since childhood.
The "Indian Cycle", planned for four volumes, started 2010 with the volume "Le Pavillon des Plaisirs".
This change took place when the strip became serialised in Hergé's Franco-Belgian comics magazine Tintin from 1948 to 1959.
The Human Top had one other appearance, in 1942 in Tough Kid Squad.
The series was created and written by Drew Melbourne with art by Yvel Guichet and Joe Rubinstein.
Bunty was a British comics magazine for girls published by D. C. Thomson & Co. from 1958 to 2001.
A follow-up entitled The Transformers: Revelation then followed.
The entire series has been collected in trade paperback, part of the DC Comics Absolute Editions and the DC Comics Graphic Novel Collection.
It was first published in 1983 as Il gioco in the Italian Playmen and as Déclic in L'Écho des savanes in France.
2007 also saw the release of the second series in full color by Arcana Studio entitled Banzai Girls.
All stories unfold in First City at The Hideout Bar & Grill and usually feature genre savvy humor.
It was adapted for the Dutch market as TV2000.
Cavewoman is an American alternative comic book created by writer-artist Budd Root, and published primarily by Basement Comics and additionally by Caliber Comics and Avatar Press.
It is unknown who wrote the stories; it may have been editor Joe Simon.
American Freak: A Tale of the Un-Men was a limited series published by DC Comics under its Vertigo imprint.
This included X-Men 2099, Spider-Man 2099, X-Nation 2099, Ghost Rider 2099, Doom 2099 and the Fantastic Four 2099.
IPC then shifted the title to its Fleetway comics subsidiary which was sold to Robert Maxwell in 1987 then Egmont UK in 1991.
The Kindred is a group of humanoid animals.
Browne was influenced by other humor comics such as Scud: The Disposable Assassin, Milk & Cheese, and The Tick.
The American believes in progress, in self-improvement, and quite fanatically in education.
Robotech comics first officially appeared in print in 1985, though Comico published the first issue of its license from Harmony Gold USA under the Macross name.
Spaceman is a nine-issue, science fiction comic book miniseries written by Brian Azzarello, illustrated by Eduardo Risso, and published by Vertigo.
The storylines usually occur concurrently with those in the main Sonic the Hedgehog comic book, but typically take place in different locations.
This ghost-like figure may or may not be a reputed gangster who was killed 15 years earlier on during Sapphire City's Day of the Dead celebrations.
The story concerned a former American pilot who fakes his death and goes on the run in the 1950s.
It is written by Simon Furman and IDW editor-in-chief Chris Ryall, who was allowed to read the film's script, and penciled by artist Don Figueroa.
The series was originally supposed to consist of about 25 issues, but eventually expanded to a 40-issue run.
Fox Bunny Funny is a graphic novel by Andy Hartzell.
The Punisher is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 1986, starring the fictional vigilante the Punisher.
Crime SuspenStories was a bi-monthly anthology crime comic published by EC Comics in the early 1950s.
Joe, and later went on to read other comics.
Ultimate X4 is a Marvel Comics miniseries, set in the Ultimate Marvel universe outside the mainstream continuity.
Under the title Countdown, the comic ran for 58 weeks, beginning with the issue cover-dated 20 February 1971.
The title was revived as a limited series in 2006.
for want of a horse the knight was lost,
It was edited by Dez Skinn and published by his company Quality Communications.
Shock Illustrated ran for a total of three issues.
Flanagan describes the series as the "creepiest cosmic spookshow ever witnessed!"
The series started with the Negation Prequel in late 2001.
It was published in 2004 by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics, with a trade paperback released in 2005.
The author of the comic is Rick Remender, with art by Eric Nguyen.
It was published by Epic Comics from 1983 to 1984.
So far, three albums have been released and one book.
The story tells a story spanning the DC Universe involving a wide variety of major characters including Superman, Batman, and the New Gods.
After that limited series, Action Comics returned to publication and Superman vol.
The Necromancer is a comic book published by the Top Cow imprint of Image Comics.
The cover of the book displayed a teaser for one of the stories inside, complete with a "Don't miss..." description.
It was set in the main Marvel Universe.
The Umbrella Academy is a comic book series created and written by Gerard Way and illustrated by Gabriel Bá.
Jennifer Love Hewitt's Music Box is a five-issue comic book series published by IDW Publishing in 2009–2010.
Despite receiving mixed reviews from critics, Avengers vs. X-Men was a commercial success that topped the comic-book sales charts from April to October 2012.
The Dark Tower: The Little Sisters of Eluria is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.
Damn is a police officer who has the ability to sense supernatural beings.
Upon hearing this, the Abomination has his mutates attack and kill the soldiers while he heads for the now vacant Castle Maestro.
21 Down is a comic book published by WildStorm, and created by writers Justin Gray, Jimmy Palmiotti and artist Jesus Saiz.
Captain America and the Falcon was meant to fill the gap created by this situation.
It ran for 102 issues from 1939 to 1948.
It follows the studious Twilight Sparkle and her friends in adventures throughout the empire of Equestria.
These include The X-Files: Year Zero and The X-Files: X-Mas Special.
RoboCop Versus The Terminator is a four-issue comic book crossover limited series published in 1992 by Dark Horse Comics.
Waid brought both series to a conclusion in May 2012.
The series was published in sixty issues by Vertigo and collected in a series of ten paperback volumes.
The stories are presented in chronological order and offer snapshots of Slayers throughout history, from The First Slayer to Melaka Fray.
New stories began when the team's title was renewed in late 1976, continuing its original numbering.
Blitzkrieg was a short-lived 1970s war-themed comic book published by DC Comics.
The graphic novel is significant in that it was the first to bear the Elseworlds logo.
It was based on the 1994 animated television series Gargoyles, and was written by series co-creator Greg Weisman.
Featured illustrators included Reed Crandall, Joe Orlando, George Evans, Graham Ingels, Johnny Craig, Charles Sultan and Jack Davis.
X-Men: Children of the Atom is a six-issue comic book limited series released in 1999, retelling the origins of the X-Men.
It begun as a companion publication to the Jughead 32-page comic book and Jughead With Archie Digest magazine.
It was written by Jamie Delano and illustrated by Philip Bond, and features the character John Constantine, albeit several decades after most of his series continuity.
The first volume, published from 1988 to 1995, was spun off of a self-titled series featuring the vigilante's exploits.
Chaykin intended it as a "left-wing version of Steve Canyon", and wrote all of the issues.
JSA members remained absent from comics until ten years later, when the original Flash appeared alongside a new character by that name in The Flash #123.
The back-up features were reprints of classic Mickey Mouse comic stories.
CrossGen released two trade paperback books which contained the first part of the series.
Predator is an intercompany crossover pitting DC Comics icon Superman against the Predator creature first seen in the 1987 John McTiernan film Predator starring Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The Art of War is a graphic novel written and storyboarded by Kelly Roman with art by Michael DeWeese.
Singularity 7 is a four-issue comic book mini-series created, written, and illustrated by Ben Templesmith.
The comics are written and illustrated by a variety of individuals, and each one consists of 1 to 4 issues.
It has been hailed by Alan Moore, Will Eisner, Harvey Kurtzman and Art Spiegelman.
Deadman is a supernatural comic book series written by Bruce Jones and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.
Target was a popular Indian children's magazine that was published monthly in English from 1979 to 1995.
Empire features zombies similar to those in his Living Dead series of films.
A spin-off of the series Uncanny X-Men, it chronicles a Japanese adventure of two of the most popular X-Men of the time, Kitty Pryde and Wolverine.
District X, also known as Mutant Town or the Middle East Side, is a fictional location in Marvel Comics.
The Possessed is a six-issue American comic book limited series published in late 2003 and early 2004 by Wildstorm Productions, an imprint of DC Comics.
Chiaroscuro is a comic series developed by Canadian artist Troy Little between 2000 and 2005.
A film named after the comic was released July 3, 2012.
He proposes that they become "The hottest new superhero team since the New Warriors".
It was written by John Byrne, with pencils and inks by Byrne, and covers by Gary Cody.
is a 1994 hardcover graphic novel, written and painted by Jerry Ordway for DC Comics.
It set between the fifth and sixth series of BBC science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf.
Streets of Gotham features Batman as the main character, but from a "street level" with other characters providing the main narrative.
Batman proved to be so popular that a self-titled ongoing comic book series began publication with a cover date of Spring 1940.
The series is a meditation on the clichés of the crime genre while remaining realistic and believable.
The series was influenced by Kingdom Come, The Golden Age, Watchmen and The Dark Knight Returns.
A film adaptation of the series was released on September 11, 2009.
This particular miniseries depicts a team-up between teen siblings Susan Storm and Johnny Storm.
"Infinity" is a 2013 comic book crossover storyline that was published by Marvel Comics.
Ultra is the first American comic book created by Jonathan and Joshua Luna.
Marvel Preview #3 contained the Blade story that would have been in Vampire Tales issue #12) had that title not been cancelled.
Trillium is a creator owned 8-issue comic series by Jeff Lemire, published by Vertigo Comics in 2013.
The story mixes alternate versions of DC super-heroes with alternate-reality versions of real political figures such as Joseph Stalin and John F. Kennedy.
They find themselves in the middle of a fight between the Police and the homeless of East Village New York in the late 1990s.
Peter tries to balance school, a job, a girlfriend, his family life with his widowed aunt May, and his activities as Spider-Man.
The series was published by Dark Horse Comics between April and July 2013, and a collected edition was published in October 2013.
Its sister titles, with many of the same creators, were the Charlton anthologies The Many Ghosts of Doctor Graves, Haunted, and Ghostly Tales.
Princeless is a Canadian all-ages comic book series by Jeremy Whitley.
It follows the adventures of five friends who create a gay-straight alliance at their high school for super-powered youth.
The series, written by Cullen Bunn with artwork by Will Sliney, centered on the Valkyrior, a team of female superheroes led by Valkyrie and Misty Knight.
A monthly Venom series began publication in 2003, following a new character, Patricia Robertson, and a clone of the original symbiote.
Marvel Mystery Comics is an American comic book series published during the 1930s–1940s period known to fans and historians as the Golden Age of Comic Books.
The Monolith is a DC Comics comic book series whose title character is a superheroic golem.
Contractual problems resulted in a move to Pied Piper Comics.
Dara's conflict with the siblings revolves around, and is aided by, an unusual sword.
Quantum and Woody is a comic book series co-created by writer Christopher Priest and illustrator Mark Bright.
The series was published in an oversized 10" x 14" tabloid format and was launched with a collection of Spider-Man stories.
The Resistance was a post-apocalyptic cyberpunk comic book limited series written and created by Justin Gray and Jimmy Palmiotti with art by Juan Santacruz.
However, these books were still popular and profitable, so two former Antarctic Press employees decided to continue publishing them under a brand-new comic company, Radio Comix.
The Mice Templar is an American comic book series created by Bryan J. L. Glass, and Michael Avon Oeming that is published by Image Comics.
The Sunday Times dubbed the title "the Watchmen for super-villains."
Fallen Angels is a team of fictional comic book superhuman teenagers in the Marvel Comics universe.
Batman: Nosferatu is a DC Comics comic book and a Batman Elseworlds publication.
Michel Vaillant is the title of a French comics series created in 1957 by French cartoonist Jean Graton and published originally by Le Lombard.
Meta 4 is a five-issue comic book series by Ted McKeever published by ShadowLine.
It was a parody of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, substituting teenage with pre-teen, mutant with "dirty-gene", ninja with kung-fu and turtles with kangaroos.
The story began in the pages of Larry Hama's G.I.
It was to be written by Jimmy Palmiotti.
It ran from November 2005 to February 2012, covering 72 issues that have also been collected in 12 trade paperback volumes.
It served as a sequel to Robin: Year One, the two mini-series were collected as a trade paperback in 2013.
It refers to a nationalist ethos that adheres to the principle of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
The Maze Agency is an American mystery comic book series created by Mike W. Barr and first published in 1988.
The series was written by Marc Guggenheim.
It featured the titular comics superheroes The Wizard and The Shield and their supporting characters throughout.
Their mission being the investigation and containment of unexplained phenomena from around the world.
Written by Greg Rucka, Ed Brubaker, and Chuck Dixon, with art by Steve Lieber, Joe Giella, Dick Giordano, Brent Anderson, Paul Pope, and Claude St. Aubin.
Since September 2011 the comic's entire run has been serialized online by Randall at Trekkercomic.com.
During that year, both the long-running Lion and Scorcher also disappeared.
Each title under the All Star imprint is set in its own continuity and separate universe.
Archie Comics made a surprise announcement that they will re-release some of the series first issues in February 2009, along with the new side-series Sonic Universe.
Spirou et Fantasio is one of the most popular classic Franco-Belgian comics.
Ash is the super-hero alter-ego of fictional firefighter Ashley Quinn.
Despite its title, this series follows the events of the film Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines.
Nonetheless, the issue garnered a strong commercial performance, becoming the best-selling comic book of February 2015.
was part of Odhams' Power Comics line, absorbing its sister titles Pow!
Cry for Dawn was an American 9-issue horror anthology comic book.
Raw was a comics anthology edited by Art Spiegelman and Françoise Mouly and published by Mouly from 1980 to 1991.
It has been continued in the sequel series Savage, beginning in 2004, by Pat Mills and Charlie Adlard.
One Bad Rat is the most mainstream of Talbot's works and is drawn in a simple, naturalistic style with painted colours.
The New Crusaders is a fictional superhero team and their eponymous title published by Archie Comics' imprint Red Circle Comics.
The series was written by Geoff Johns and illustrated by Gary Frank, featuring the superhero Superman.
Each member has a history with demonic possession.
Although the series is a crime drama, it does however take place within the continuity of the greater DC Universe.
The series stars Hulk, Red Hulk, and includes some of The Avengers in a "Hulked" form, including Wolverine, Captain America, Spider-Man and Thor.
Starting with the High Society storyline, the series became divided into self-contained "novels", which form parts of the overall story.
SpyBoy is a comic book series created in 1999 by writer Peter David and artists Pop Mhan and Norman Lee, and published by Dark Horse Comics.
On June 9, 2011, Brian Wood announced via Twitter that the series had been canceled by Vertigo.
Comix Book is an underground comic book series published from 1974–1976, originally by Marvel Comics.
Lex Luthor: The Unauthorized Biography is a one-issue 1989 DC Comics publication.
The Green Lantern Chronicles: Volume 4 collects Green Lantern vol.
John Woo's 7 Brothers is a 2006 five-issue comic book limited series published under the Director's Cut imprint of Virgin Comics.
In 2013, Top Cow head Marc Silvestri said work had begun to turn the comic into a feature film.
Marvels is a four-issue limited series comic book written by Kurt Busiek, painted by Alex Ross and edited by Marcus McLaurin.
The Biologic Show is a comic book series written and drawn by Al Columbia.
RASL draws influences from real-life events, people, and places, including Nikola Tesla, Southwestern Native American culture, and hardboiled crime fiction.
The third series is currently being produced by IDW Publishing starting with an issue #0 in October 2005 and a regular series starting in January 2006.
The comic was a spin-off title derived from the Batman franchise, and followed the adventures of Anarky, an antagonist of the Batman character.
Charlie Nozawa, the artist who created the comics, is also known by the pen name Tamakichi Sakura.
The series is set in one of Marvel's shared universes, the Ultimate Universe.
The title was a "mature readers" comedy series featuring absurdist espionage plots and artwork heavily inspired by the good girl art of the 1950s and 1960s.
Due to its popularity, it was later translated and released in English by Marvel Comics.
Cosmic Odyssey is an American science fiction comics mini-series, first published in 1988 by DC Comics.
Bite Club is a Vertigo comic book mini series created by writers Howard Chaykin and David Tischman.
In 1993, a copy of Boiled Angel #8 found its way into the hands of Florida Assistant State's Attorney Stuart Baggish.
Strange Fantasy is then numbered 2-14 rather than 1-13.
Identity Crisis is a seven-issue comic book limited series published by DC Comics from June to December in 2004.
Mad Max: Fury Road is a limited comic book series created by George Miller, Nico Lathouris, and Mark Sexton.
Watford Gapp can't think of a word rhyming with "oblige", so he cannot finish his poem.
High Moon is a werewolf western webcomic series, developed in 2004 with a debut in 2007 as a part of Zuda, DC Comics' webcomic imprint.
It was one of the first comic books in the alternative comics movement of the 1980s.
It is the original flagship title created for the character.
Savage Sword of Conan ran until issue #235.
Corridor is an Indian graphic novel, written and illustrated by Sarnath Banerjee, set in contemporary Delhi.
It began publication with its Spring 1954 issue and ceased with its March 1954 issue, producing a total of two issues.
In a 1990 review, Mike Gunderloy of Factsheet Five called Boiled Angel "a prime candidate for banning in the 90s."
The 4-part mini-series seeks to re-enact the adventures told throughout the original X-Men comics, just through folk lore and fairy tales instead.
It was originally published by Wildstorm before moving to Dynamite Entertainment.
Capitan Miki is an Italian comic book, created by the trio EsseGesse.
Sonic the Comic, known to its many readers as STC, was a British children's comic published fortnightly by Fleetway Editions between 1993 and 2002.
Untold Tales of Spider-Man is an American comic book series starring Spider-Man published by Marvel Comics for 26 issues from September 1995 to October 1997.
Planetary Brigade is a comic book series published by Boom!
About Debbi's attempts to find happiness, often through dating, the series combined humor and romance elements.
The Exterminators was an American monthly comic book series, published under the Vertigo imprint by DC Comics.
In other words, the Transformers can exist at places and at points in time that would not be possible in the current 'IDW-verse'.
The series was written by Steve Gerber and with art from Phil Winslade, Steve Leialoha, and Dick Giordano.
The interior art was penciled by Ashley Witter and Richard Pace, and includes a three-page epilogue drawn by Georges Jeanty.
Anema then converted into a full-colour webcomic under the title Anema Online.
The title centers on an eponymous team of intelligent animals that investigate different paranormal events that occur in their small neighborhood of Burden Hill.
Joe: A Real American Hero line of military-themed toys, the series has been credited for making G.I.
I wanted to write a haunted-house story, but not along traditional lines.
Leave it to Chance is an American comic book series written by James Robinson, illustrated by penciler Paul Smith and published by Image Comics.
Kick-Ass is a creator-owned comic book series written by Mark Millar and illustrated by John Romita, Jr.
The comic follows Kafka as he tries different ways of becoming human: drugs, sex and fame among them.
Kapitein Rob was a Dutch adventure comic strip, created and drawn by Pieter Kuhn and written by journalist Evert Werkman.
The feature's creative staff came largely from Magazine Management's sister company, Marvel Comics.
What If comics have been published in eleven series as well as many stand-alone issues since the 1970s.
Now, Brian is going to connect the dots."
The series features characters first introduced in Horrocks' previous series, Pickle.
Douwe Dabbert was a Dutch fantasy comics series by artist Piet Wijn and scenarist Thom Roep.
Below, in chronological order of activity, are the characters to have used the name "Starman".
The lives of the Freak Brothers revolve around the procurement and enjoyment of recreational drugs, particularly marijuana.
The series was written by Mark Millar, creator of The Ultimates and Ultimate X-Men, and co-creator of Ultimate Fantastic Four.
Many of his stories for Optic Nerve feature Asian American characters, including "Hawaiian Getaway," "Six-Day Cold," "Layover," and "Shortcomings."
Film producer David Friendly announced in 2008, while the comic was in production limbo, that he intended to adapt Desolation Jones as a feature film.
Kurtzman became the editor of Two-Fisted Tales, and with the advent of the Korean War, he soon narrowed the focus to war stories.
An iZOMBIE story was also included in the second House of Mystery Halloween Annual.
But in spite of this, the series is renowned for its level of psychological depth.
Each issue contained two or three such stories and was published every two months.
Beginning with a five-issue storyline called Rope of Eons.
Since the release of Issue #1 in 2004, the 4-book comic series has developed a small but dedicated underground fanbase.
The book was "hosted" by Impy, a pint-sized ghost dressed in an all-white superhero costume.
Starting with issue #51 the title was renamed Justice League International.
It was created by writer Steven T. Seagle and artist Kelley Jones.
After an extended hiatus, Tomine resumed the comic in fall of 2004 and began his first multi-issue storyline, "Shortcomings," with #9.
In November 2008, Joe Quesada confirmed on his blog that cult favourite Spider-Girl would be moving to Amazing Spider-Man Family in April 2009.
The Path is primarily based on Obo-san and his journey as a Sigil-bearer.
The comics are a humorous depiction of the Marvel heroes as children of various ages, sometimes parodying storylines from the mainstream Marvel universe.
It reappeared the following month, in toned-down form, and continued publication until 12 November 1977, at which point it was merged with Battle Picture Weekly.
The story followed the descent of Titan from hero to villain.
It is written by Howard Chaykin and David Tischman, and illustrated by the late Marshall Rogers.
Tower of Shadows is a horror/fantasy anthology comic book published by American company Marvel Comics under this and a subsequent name from 1969 to 1975.
The title was later shortened to simply New X-Men.
A different artist illustrated each story; Walter Simonson for Moonbeams and Roses, Mark Reeve for The Metatemporal Detective and John Ridgway for Duke Elric.
They were forced to leave the city following the fall of the Maestro and have since run out of supplies, such as food and water.
Green Lantern Corps: Recharge was a five-issue, monthly comic book limited series that was published by DC Comics from November 2005 to March 2006.
Echo's story revolves around Julie, a young photographer who inadvertently discovers a high-tech battle suit.
In Finch's words, "The stories I'm telling are all about relationships and connections he has in Gotham City that he can't walk away from."
The title was a companion comic to Frontline Combat, and stories Kurtzman wrote for both books often displayed an anti-war attitude.
Epicurus the Sage was a two-issue limited series graphic novel, written by William Messner-Loebs, with art by Sam Kieth.
Until now, 24 issues of this comic book have been published.
Until the late 1970s to early 1980s computer generated comics were done with traditional text and line-printing techniques or semigraphics, ascii art, and BBC's ceefax teletext.
The team consists of representatives of each of the Corps that tap into a particular portion of the emotional spectrum.
The series was adapted into a film of the same name that was released in 2010.
Marvel Comics Super Special was a 41-issue series of one-shot comic-magazines published by American company Marvel Comics from 1977 to 1986.
Over the years the series has been gaining a large audience, with new characters constantly being added to the lineup.
Llewellyn has a sidekick who goes by the name of Ernie Hoyle.
Predator: Bad Blood is a 4-issue series created by Dark Horse Comics revolving around a bad blood(rogue) Predator.
The second series is a 4 issue prequel to first Highlander film called Highlander: Way of the Sword.
It was first published by Pacific Comics in 1981.
Tony Ong provided back cover art for this series only.
Diamond Comic Distributors' catalog describes it as "The longest-running erotic comic anthology".
The Sandman is a comic book series written by Neil Gaiman and published by DC Comics imprint Vertigo.
The title is a reference to the four basic colors used when printing comic books.
Tom Thug now possesses great intelligence because he has passed an exam with flying colours, much to his disappointment.
These included such popular strips as cartoonist Al Smith's Mutt and Jeff, Ham Fisher's Joe Palooka, and Percy Crosby's Skippy.
The series features the vigilante anti-hero the Punisher and ran from April 2000 to March 2001.
Walker debuted the strip under the pseudonym "Addison" on March 11, 1968.
Although the name of the comic book was Flash Comics, the Flash was only one of many different series featured in the magazine.
Jonathan is given the power to "save" the Lost, those individuals who have lost all hope in their lives.
The series gives the characters a modernized look and design while living in a grittier environment.
Numbering continued up to #35, then skipped to #136.
This is also the second limited series by Ellis to focus on Ultimate Iron Man, after the previous Ultimate Human series.
Like most Golden Age heroes, Starman fell into obscurity in the 1950s.
Following the success of Spider-Man's original series, The Amazing Spider-Man, Marvel felt the character could support more than one title.
In the early 1990s, a CD-ROM computer animated version of Volume Two, issues seven and eight, was created by the now-defunct Kinetic Opera Company.
Between 1991 and 2006, Turey strips were published in El Nuevo Día.
Captain America and the Falcon was a comic book series published for fourteen issues in 2004 and 2005 by Marvel Comics.
It was inspired by the off-Broadway stage play with the same name written by Elaine Lee, with contributions from Susan Norfleet Lee and Dale Place.
!, a British comic book Was launched in June 1970 by IPC, their sixth new comic in just over a year.
This time the story is written by Greg Pak and illustrated by Greg Tocchini.
It made its debut in September 2011 as part of the second re-launch of "Ultimate Marvel".
There are at least 70 Juan Bobo stories.
Joe Kubert provided the cover art for the full series run except issue #1.
The book ran for 34 issues from 1941 to 1947.
Two-Face: Year One is a two-part miniseries released by DC Comics.
After the 2007 crossover X-Men: Messiah Complex, the New X-Men title was canceled and briefly relaunched as Young X-Men for 12 issues.
It deals with ancient gods and goddesses from mythologies around the world coming to Earth to lay claim to the world of man.
Sale took inspiration for his art from René Gruau, French/Italian fashion illustrator.
Mutant, Texas: Tales of Sheriff Ida Red is a four-issue comic book miniseries created and written by Paul Dini and illustrated by J.
Avengers Forever is a twelve-issue comic book limited series published from December 1998 to November 1999 by Marvel Comics.
Wilbur Wilkin actually made his first appearance in Zip Comics #18, three months before Archie's first appearance.
Ghosts are thus bodiless oversouls; poltergeists, bodiless undersouls; vampires bodies without undersouls; and zombies, bodies without oversouls.
The first issue appeared with a cover date of November–December 1955, but the second issue was the last.
It was written by J. Michael Straczynski with art by Colleen Doran.
The series has been translated to English and published in the United States by NBM Publishing.
Nineteen issues were published between 1983 and 1989.
Marvel Tales is the title of three American comic-book series published by Marvel Comics, the first of them from the company's 1950s predecessor, Atlas Comics.
Backstreet Project is an American comic book created by Nick Carter and Stan Lee.
Haunted was part of a wave of new horror and suspense comics published by Charlton during this period.
Cable & Deadpool was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics beginning in 2004.
Todd, The Ugliest Kid on Earth is a comic book series written by Ken Kristensen and illustrated by M.K.
From January 1956 – September 1958 the covers of Warfront were rendered by Jack Kirby.
"The End Time", written by the Bill DuBay was printed in The Rook from Vol.
El Gato Negro, Nocturnal Warrior is an ongoing independent comic book series featuring the adventures of the superhero, El Gato Negro.
The series was marketed as three ongoing series, two mini-series and a small series of one-shots.
As of May 2017, only three of the planned six issues had been published.
The series was in four parts, with parts 2–4 having a tagline on their cover.
It ran for 22 issues, from October 1997 to March 2000, and was then canceled due to low sales.
The series starred the mythological superhero Hercules, his sidekick Amadeus Cho, the seventh-smartest person in the world, and half-sister Athena.
It was written by Jean-Marc Lofficier and Randy Lofficier, and illustrated by Ted McKeever.
Green Lantern: Rebirth was a six-issue monthly American comic book limited series written by Geoff Johns and illustrated by Ethan Van Sciver.
As a coming-of-age autobiography, the book tells the story of Thompson's childhood in an Evangelical Christian family, his first love, and his early adulthood.
It is written by Scott Snyder and Kyle Higgins, and illustrated by Trevor McCarthy.
It focused on six different Mutants, and each story was essentially self-contained.
When Malibu was purchased by Marvel Comics in 1993, the rights to Dinosaurs for Hire were included in the sale.
It consisted of two book-end one-shots, Infestation #1–2, set in the Zombies vs. Robots and CVO universes, and two-issue limited series from the G.I.
Juan Bobo is a comic book series of folk stories from Puerto Rico, centered on the Juan Bobo children's character.
Hellboy: Conqueror Worm is a Hellboy comic book mini-series, written and drawn by Mike Mignola and published by Dark Horse Comics.
Janis quickly sends the group of rebels back in time, while she stays behind.
It follows immediately from the end of Back to Reality and sets key plot points for developments in the final three series of the show.
Guy Gardner is a Pinkerton detective hunting Flash.
The comic chronicles Batman as he attempts to stop a turf war between the Joker and crime lord, Maxie Zeus.
In July 2016, the DC Rebirth, the initiative again relaunched the Justice League comic book titles with the third volume of Justice League.
Trekker is a retrofuturistic, science fiction comic book series written and illustrated by American artist Ron Randall.
Son of Merlin is a joint comic book venture of Top Cow Productions and Heroes and Villains Entertainment.
Ellis compares the series to his earlier fan-favorite work on Transmetropolitan, published under the DC Comics imprint, Vertigo.
X-Men: Kingbreaker is a four-issue comic book mini-series starring the Starjammers and published by Marvel Comics.
It spawned a line of action figures, mostly featuring the more popular characters in the book.
It was published in two distinct volumes.
The series imagines vampires as a population made up of many different secret species, and charts moments of vampire evolution and inter-species conflict throughout history.
Northern Plains, where The Waiting Place is set, is based on Eagle River, Wisconsin, where Sean attended High School.
Anna Mercury is a comic book limited series created by Warren Ellis, published by Avatar Press, with art by Facundo Percio.
The series has been created by Deepak Chopra, who also presents the foreword for each issue.
It ties in with the World War Hulk story arc and concerns Professor Xavier's role in the Illuminati and the Hulk's exile into space.
The series' visual style is influenced by lowbrow art.
It was created by fiction author JC De La Torre with art by Ray Dillon and Franco Cespedes.
Tammy's respective merges with Misty brought darker, horror tones, and her merge with Jinty more science-fiction.
The series was collected into two trade paperback volumes in 2004 and 2005, an Absolute Edition in 2006 and a deluxe edition in 2015.
The relaunch included changes to the publishing format; for example, print and digital comics are now released on the same day.
Yoko Tsuno is a comics album series created by the Belgian writer Roger Leloup published by Dupuis in Spirou magazine since its debut in 1970.
Early copies of TV Century 21 are difficult to find, and attract high prices compared to nearly all other print material associated with Anderson's work.
The first issue, a limited edition #0, was released at Comic-Con in July 2009.
They operated out of Somerset, New Jersey.
Tomorrow Stories was an American comic book series created by Alan Moore for his America's Best Comics line, published by Wildstorm.
Wasteland was characterized by lively debates taking place within its letter columns.
It was written by Will Jacobs and Gerard Jones, and drawn by Tim Hamilton and others.
Four-Star Spectacular was an anthology comic book series published by DC Comics in the mid-1970s.
As he watches her sleep, he remembers past events.
Archie and Me was a comic book title published by Archie comics from 1964 to 1987.
At the center of the American way is the American Dream that upward mobility is achievable by any American through hard work.
It currently holds the record for most issues produced of an American comic book; its nearest rivals—DC's Action Comics and Detective Comics—are nearing 1,000 issues.
Its first two chapters were published as black-and-white comic books in 2003 and 2004.
Instant Piano was a humorous comics anthology published by Dark Horse Comics.
Season three began its run on February 9, 2009.
Hokum & Hex is a superhero comic book series published by Marvel Comics' Razorline imprint that ran from 1993 to 1994.
Many stories in Comic Cavalcade were scripted by other than the characters' regular writers, for deadline reasons.
Common Grounds is a six-issue comic book limited series created by writer Troy Hickman and published by Top Cow Productions in 2004.
Kaspin, right hand advisor to the Abomination, senses the presence of the being in the secret chamber.
It was originally planned as a six-issue, bimonthly series.
The series deals with a desperate Bruce Banner pleading with Tony Stark to cure him of his Hulk affliction.
The first seven issues were published from January 2010–February 2012.
A satirical take on superhero comics, the humor in the series is sometimes referential, sometimes absurdist.
: Garden of Souls is the seventh trade paperback collection in the B.P.R.D.
It was the first title published by Skybound Entertainment, an imprint of Image Comics.
It also tells the origin of Two-Face, incorporating elements of the story in Batman: Annual #14.
When Deadites infest the aisles and consumers start consuming, Ash must team up with his fellow co-workers to start the ultimate wage slave war against evil.
The series was initially titled World's Best Comics for its first issue; issue #2 switched to the more familiar name.
In addition to strips set in the Brand New Day timeline, a strip exploring the early days of Peter Parker's life as Spider-Man was also included.
The title is illustrated and co-created by Alex Maleev.
"…the definition [of singularity] expands beyond average intelligence.
Popgun featured many well-known creators as well as showcased brand-new talent who were not widely known at the time.
Its themes revolved around historical events or individuals, as well as fictitious or mythological characters.
The Adventures of Jo, Zette and Jocko is a Franco-Belgian comics series created by Hergé, the writer-artist best known for The Adventures of Tintin.
Neat Stuff is an American alternative comic book series created by Peter Bagge and published by Fantagraphics.
Each edition featured 15 pages, each from a different story by a different creative team.
A monthly ongoing Green Lantern Corps debuted in June 2006, the first such monthly series since 1988.
Timespirits was an eight-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics as part of its Epic Comics imprint in 1984.
Boris Karloff- #2, 5, 8, 11, 14, 17, 20, 23, 26
The complete series was published in thirteen issues.
Originally reluctant to work on this, Bright suggested they make the white character the comic relief for once.
Other editorial staff included Pat Brookman, Terence Magee, Clive Ranger, Tony Power and Clive McGee.
By the time he published the sequel, he and his daughters had joined the Montoneros leftist guerrilla group.
Superman and Batman: World's Funnest is an American single issue prestige format comic book published in 2000 by DC Comics.
The Living Planet and The Slayer of Eriban were also published in Heavy Metal magazine in January 1997 and March 1999.
Animal Man was a comic book ongoing series published by DC Comics starring the superhero Animal Man.
The group disbands in issue #0, and reforms in issue #13 with Kyle Rayner, Arkillo and new members Carol Ferris and Atrocitus.
Inspector Canardo is a comics series created by the Belgian artist Benoît Sokal.
In the ensuing years, several characters, with varying degrees of relation to the original, briefly took the mantle of Starman.
Craig was responsible for the art on the Keith Michaels stories.
Green Manor is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Fabien Vehlmann, illustrated by Denis Bodart and published by Dupuis in French and Cinebook in English.
However, the series has been reviewed positively by critics, with Lorimer's artwork frequently singled out for praise.
Rosco & Sonny is an Italian comics series created by Claudio Nizzi and Giancarlo Alessandrini.
In 2013, the series concluded with issue 300, and has been replaced by a DC Universe title, Constantine.
The series was followed by Season Eleven which began November 23, 2016.
Rivalling 2000 AD, Warrior won 17 Eagle Awards during its short run.
The book was written by Batton Lash, with artwork by John Buscema and Stan Goldberg.
The end finally came on 30 March 1985, with some strips moving to The Eagle.
: The Soul of Venice & Other Stories is the second trade paperback collection in the B.P.R.D.
The story goes back to Janis, who is being pursued by Quarry.
Although all 250,000 copies had been printed, publisher Bill Gaines lacked the funds to bind them, and all but 100 copies were destroyed.
Spike: Old Wounds is a comic based on the Angel television series.
The book takes its name from the Latin term meaning King of the World.
The stories covered such topics as girls worrying about getting a man, or marrying out of pressure, not love.
In the story Knut is a famous crime scene photographer and uses his reputation to aid Jack at several points throughout the story.
The protagonist is a female character named Lilli Murko, she is an excellent hand-to-hand combatant and uses a sword and a dagger.
Meanwhile, Shulk arrives in the past in great pain.
Archie Comics has reprinted stories from the series in its Archie Comics Digests.
The series also had two crossovers with Archie's Mega Man comic-book series, based on the Mega Man video games from Capcom.
It sees the return of the character Magik searching Limbo for her soul.
Most of the original Avenger stories were written by Paul Ernst.
Subsequent issues were monthly best sellers and represented IDW's highest-selling property.
It was created by writer Jim Vance and artist Dan Burr.
This complete run was later rebound, with covers included, in a single softcover EC Annual.
After Acclaim Entertainment purchased the rights to the Valiant catalog in 1994, Quantum and Woody was introduced to the Valiant Universe.
Dynamo Joe was a comic book series published by First Comics from 1986–1988.
Sadly, since Charlton didn't want to do anything that'd offend your average nine-year-old, you can feel this book fighting against the uber-restrictive comics code.
Polly's boarding school is a house boat that looks like a huge Victorian-style home.
Superman and Spider-Man is an intercompany comic book jointly published by DC Comics and Marvel Comics in July 1981.
2 comic by Paul Jenkins and Humberto Ramos.
Hammerlocke is a nine-issue limited series by Tom Joyner PhD, Chris Sprouse and Kez Wilson published in 1992 by DC Comics.
Until issue #20 it was published by Dork Storm Press and Henchman Publishing.
It was adapted for comics by Antony Johnston, with artwork by Jacen Burrows, and Alan Moore as "consulting editor".
A television series based upon the series was produced in 1997, entitled Blake and Mortimer.
The comic was overtly political in nature, exploring a number of themes including antimilitarism, homelessness, and political corruption.
It ended at issue 22 in June 2004, as part of CrossGen's bankruptcy.
The title was created by Brian Michael Bendis, Mark Millar and Adam Kubert.
Fanboy is the title of a six issue comic book miniseries by Mark Evanier and Sergio Aragonés which was published by DC Comics in 1999.
The original series was published by Epic Comics from December 1985 - December 1986.
The core miniseries was written by Geoff Johns and pencilled by Andy Kubert.
Superman's Pal, Jimmy Olsen is an American comic book series published by DC Comics from September–October 1954 until March 1974, spanning a total of 163 issues.
Destruction and Delirium's tales are the only ones that take place after the events of the Sandman series.
Only two issues of Negation: War were published.
The main feature was written by contemporary writers such as Michael T. Gilbert, Marv Wolfman, and others.
Little Archie #1 is considered to be "scarce" by the Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide.
It centers around a team of outlaws, the War Pigs, reunited by their former captain for one last job: the assassination of Jim Raynor!
In an interview, Author Greg Pak said "This is not a Jean Grey resurrection story."
The book exhibited front cover photos of happy couples, or lovely girls, but never men alone.
Star Wars: Dawn of the Jedi is an American comic book series set in the Star Wars universe.
Champions of Hell is a comic book series published by 13 Flames Empire, an independent publisher from British Columbia, Canada.
Hit-Girl is a creator-owned comic book series written by Mark Millar and illustrated by John Romita, Jr.
The Californian electronic band Sukia took its name from this comic book.
New X-Men was an American comic book ongoing series, written by Grant Morrison and featuring the mutant superhero team, the X-Men.
James Bond is an ongoing spy thriller comic book series by Dynamite Entertainment featuring the eponymous character originally created by Ian Fleming.
The final issue was published in May 2004.
Creators who contributed to the title include writers Tom DeFalco, Todd DeZago, and Evan Skolnick and pencillers Paris Karounos and Tom Morgan.
People are banding together around an idea, rather than an ideology."
Tales of the Zombie was an American black-and-white horror anthology comic magazine series published by Marvel Comics in the mid-1970s.
The Superman comic book was published by DC Comics, the United States government, and United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund in 1996.
The series was co-created by Fawkes, Rodionoff, and Huddleston.
Five additional short stories were published in Clues Detective magazine, and a sixth novelette in The Shadow magazine in 1943.
The series' first volume was published by Image Comics from 2000 to 2004.
Old Friends is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Angel television series.
Wasted is a comic book series written and drawn by Gerry Alanguilan and published by Alamat Comics since July 1994 through July 1996.
For the final issue this feature was replaced with an Al Columbia strip depicting the demise of an experimental subject named "Cheapy the Guinea Pig".
The second featured Soundwave, Kup, Galvatron, Optimus Prime and Ramjet.
In 2005, the title was cancelled and replaced with a new title, Tales From Riverdale Digest.
This article is about the EC Comics title.
The Middleman is a comic book series written by Javier Grillo-Marxuach with art by Les McClaine and published by Viper Comics.
The "monsters" in iZOMBIE are explained via the concepts of over- and undersoul.
Batman: The Dark Knight is an American comic book ongoing series, written and penciled by David Finch and featuring Batman.
DC: The New Frontier is an Eisner, Harvey and Shuster Award-winning six-issue comic book limited series written and drawn by Darwyn Cooke.
Days of the Dead, like its film counterpart, is an anthology consisting of four Halloween-themed stories, with the recurring character being Sam, a mysterious trick-or-treating demon.
It was published from February 2006 to March 2008 under DC Comics' Vertigo imprint.
Beneath the Valley of The Rage is a 2007-2008 comic book limited series prequel based on the 2007 independent horror film The Rage.
The series also spawned a handful of spin-off titles, including a Tales of the Vampires follow-up and one-shots focusing on Willow and Riley.
The series was written by Gerry Conway and drawn by José Luis García-López.
It depicts the journeys of three warrior queens, Odyssia, Gamen, and Ene, as they return from their century-long siege on the city Troiia-VII.
Gothic Sports is a German manga-styled book created by Anike Hage.
The bimonthly title ran 24 issues, numbered 18–41, from 1950 to 1955.
The first issue of the ongoing series was released on December 30, 2009  as part of Indy Comic Book Week.
The British Science Fiction Association's journal Vector listed A Distant Soil among six groundbreaking science fiction comics, singular for "...being a little ahead of its time."
The series ended in August 2011 with issue #47.
Together with Strange Adventures, Mystery In Space was one of DC Comics' major science fiction anthology series.
The title includes some of the first comics work of writer Fabian Nicieza and artist Ron Lim.
It was published in 2004 by Slave Labor Graphics, and lasted five issues.
Every origin was present in two-pages layout based on Joe Shuster's origin of Superman from Action Comics #1.
The series is set between 2006–2008 in a world where superheroes exist.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back.
The back cover shows the covers from The Thing #12, 13 and 14 and Strange Suspense Stories #22.
The Age of Wrath ran only for 3 issues due to Dreamwave's bankruptcy.
Gail Simone scripted the comic from issue #56 to #108.
The first issue was published on March 5, 2008.
It is a five-issue limited series written by Tony Bedard and penciled by Joe Bennett.
Good Girls is a 1987–1991 six-issue comic book limited series.
A direct film adaptation, Dylan Dog: Dead of Night, starring Brandon Routh, was released in 2011.
The comics feature an unlucky and always hungry tramp, initially portrayed as kangaroo and that over the years assumed more human appearances.
It is set for the first half in Seattle and later in suburban New Jersey.
The first issue of the six-part comic series was released in March 2011.
The comics were published in the comic magazines Il Vittorioso, Gli Albi del Vittorioso and Il Giornalino.
The books revolve around the adventures of the eponymous Spike and Suzy, two children, along with their friends and family.
This complete run was later rebound, with covers included, in a single softcover EC Annual.
Zap Comix is an underground comix series which was originally part of the youth counterculture of the late 1960s.
The House of Secrets is the name of several mystery, fantasy, and horror anthology comic book series published by DC Comics.
The Invisibles is a comic book series that was published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics from 1994 to 2000.
First number of the series was written by Tito Faraci and illustrated by Giorgio Cavazzano.
Letters were by cartoonist and letterer Ed J.
Dick Turban, Desert Highwayman, a boy desert raider who rode a camel
House of Secrets was an occult and horror-themed comic book series written by Steven T. Seagle.
The idea to begin publishing Captain America and the Falcon began with Marvel editor Tom Brevoort.
It also featured work by Moebius, Chester Brown, Neil Gaiman, Dave Sim, Michael Zulli, and Charles Vess, as well as Moore & Melinda Gebbie's Lost Girls.
1984 is an American black and white science-fiction comic magazine published by Warren Publishing from 1978 to 1983.
The miniseries was the bestselling book for both publishers during its release and won a Ghastly Award for Best Limited Series.
In 2000 a video game was made for Game Boy developed by Dupuis and published by Ubisoft.
The series is written by Fred Van Lente, penciled by Kev Walker, with covers by Greg Land.
The X-Files Season 10 is a 25-issue comic book series published by IDW Publishing.
It concerned a group of adolescents who had developed psionic powers following the "White Event" which had created most of the paranormals in the New Universe.
In 1978 it won the "Favourite New Title" Eagle Award.
A third series, Batman versus Predator III: Blood Ties was published in 1997.
As of 2007, only the Hearts of Steel series was produced, which is set in the United States during the Industrial Revolution.
The co-feature was replaced by another co-feature that spins-off of the end of the Manhunter one starring Two-Face.
The series was written and drawn by Roger Langridge and published by Boom Kids!, an imprint of Boom!
The first album was published in 1997 by Le Lombard and from this year have appeared in the French comics magazine Le Journal de Mickey.
Goliath is a short graphic novel by Tom Gauld published by Drawn and Quarterly in 2012.
Starting off as a reprint title, it finished its run with original stories.
The series also includes a Manhunter co-feature written by Marc Andreyko and illustrated by Georges Jeanty.
Uniquely among those titles, Untold Tales' stories presented new stories set in Spider-Man's early super-hero career.
MM tried to change the classic beloved cliched Mickey Mouse.
Pedrito el Drito is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Antonio Terenghi.
The series was published from August 1952 to February 1977, then was renamed Sgt.
Weird Western Tales is a Western genre comic book title published by DC Comics from June–July 1972 to August 1980.
After 100 issues, its title became simply TV Action.
So far no English translation has been published.
It was edited by Simon Geller, but purported to be edited by a monster called Mervyn.
It was published by DC Comics as a part of that company's Vertigo imprint.
The second volume was one of two X-Force ongoing titles, along with Cable and X-Force.
It was written by David Michelinie and illustrated mostly by Mark Bagley, although Ron Lim and series colorist Sam DeLarosa pencilled the last three issues.
The character's first incarnation, Jay Garrick, first appeared in Flash Comics #1.
It is published by Image Comics and is written by Antony Johnston, who also wrote the game's dialogue, with art by Ben Templesmith.
Little Lulu is a comic strip created in 1935 by Marjorie Henderson Buell.
As of the end of 2016, no such publication took place.
An animated version of the comic was available to download via Xbox Live, PSN and various game review sites such as Gametrailers.com in summer 2008.
It is based on the Disney cartoon about crime-fighting chipmunks of the same name and is a sequel to the 1990 game.
The work explores why so much effort by so many volunteers wrought so little change.
The Path is an American comic book series published by CrossGen Entertainment from March 2002 to April 2004.
Later series also included the further adventures of Ellen Ripley.
It is also the name of a location.
DevaShard is a manhua series projected to run for a total of 25 graphic books, with each book being 52 pages long.
New X-Men is a superhero comic book series published by Marvel Comics within the X-Men franchise.
In June 2015, 24 new titles were launched, alongside 25 returning titles, with several of those receiving new creative teams.
Mnemovore is a six-issue comic book limited series published under the Vertigo imprint of DC.
Zub wanted fans to feel that with the comics, there is a sense of closure to the series.
El Negro Blanco is an Argentine comic strip that was published by the Clarín newspaper from 1987 to 1994.
Web of Scarlet Spider is the name of a short-lived comic book series starring the Scarlet Spider.
Consequently, Som-Som can only watch as her transsexual friend Rawra Chin is slowly destroyed by an abusive relationship.
Void Indigo focuses on an alien named Jhagur.
Optimus Prime and Megatron have disappeared in the Ark, but the Great Shutdown has not happened yet.
This title, along with the others in IDW Publishing's Spotlight series, was collected in the Angel: Spotlight trade paperback.
It was released in hardcover in 2002, and in paperback a year later.
Guy Ritchie's Gamekeeper is a comic book series from Virgin Comics and film director Guy Ritchie.
Frontline Combat was an anthology war comic book written and edited by Harvey Kurtzman and published bi-monthly by EC Comics.
Serenity: Those Left Behind is a 2005 three-issue comic book limited series published by Dark Horse Comics.
Scalped is a critically acclaimed 60 issue crime/western comic book series written by Jason Aaron and illustrated by R. M. Guéra, published monthly by Vertigo Comics.
Buster's mum was often referred to by name, and was consistently drawn to resemble Andy's wife Flo.
The series focused on ex-Stormwatch members Jackson King and Christine Trelane gathering a team of superheroes for the extra-dimensional Weavers.
In 1992 DC Comics licensed the characters and relaunched the team as The Crusaders, aiming the comic at younger readers as part of its !mpact line.
There are rivalries between magical students and non-magical students, and between the various covens.
The main character is a rabbit rōnin, Miyamoto Usagi, whom Sakai based partially on the famous swordsman Miyamoto Musashi.
Old dude and his sexy niece traipse across the countryside, bumping into oddball characters who invariably have a story to tell....
Focused on humorous monster strips and stories, the magazine was known for "The Bad Time Bedtime Books" minicomic inserts, created by Leo Baxendale.
Each numbered issue appearing under this title featured a wrap-around cover with all editorial content and no advertisements.
The primary title bearing that name was published from January 1959 to March 1968.
The comics have nine sets of this.
Some material from Cracker was reprinted in Classics from the Comics.
Issue 1 was released in November 2009.
Viz founders Davy Thorp and Chris Donald also contributed some one-off strips, as did The Beano's Tom Paterson and John Geering.
The comic generally features stories of fantasy action and adventure interspersed with frequent scenes of nudity.
As of April 2013, 323 issues and 11 annuals have been published.
Universal Pictures is working on a film adaptation with Justin Lin as director.
It contains none of the magical, science-fiction, or fantastical elements of the other Sigilverse titles.
Stories from the comic were reprinted in the Marvel UK title of the same name.
First published on 14 February 1976 by D.C. Thomson for 7p, it focused upon adventure, action, revenge, science fiction, war and sport.
The series was first planned to last for five issues, but was extended to six issues in May 2009.
Banzai Girl is a full-color comic book series created, written and drawn by Jinky Coronado.
It ties into the Coldplay album Mylo Xyloto.
It tells the story of Alexandra Trese, a detective who deals with crimes of supernatural origin.
The title was a mixed collection of almost 40 stories, mostly comics with some text pieces.
Mighty Samson was an comic book series published Gold Key Comics.
In the offices at Fleetway, it was always regarded as one comic.
Yakari is one of the most well-known Franco-Belgian comics in Europe.
Rascals in Paradise was a comic book limited series created in 1994 by writer/artist Jim Silke and published by Dark Horse Comics.
Common Grounds received two Eisner Award nominations in 2005, for "Best Short Story" and "Best Anthology."
Its storyline follows several different Space Marines of the Black Templars chapter.
The series has been published in four story arcs.
This editorial position lasted until the 2005–2006 Infinite Crisis crossover event, and the release of the new origin story; Superman: Secret Origin in 2009.
It is based on Roberson's travels through the Republic of Macedonia.
The story revolves around Number Five and his association with the Kennedy assassination.
A Teen Titans animated television series ran on Cartoon Network in the mid-2000s based on the 1980s team, but differed from the original.
Since the death of Jacobs, new books have been published by two separate teams of artists and writers.
The Comics Journal described the book as following the "frustration and cynicism of disenchanted slacker kids finding excitement in their uneventful lives."
It was first published by DC Comics in 2005.
Civil War: Front Line is an 11-issue, limited series tie-in to Marvel Comics's Civil War event which started in August 2006.
Hell on Earth: New World is the first trade paperback collection in the Hell on Earth cycle of the B.P.R.D.
This Elseworlds story, which involves Greek mythology in an alternate history, set in a world where Superman rocketed to Earth and has hardly aged a day.
It retells the events of the movie by adapting, and remaining faithful to, Joss Whedon's original script.
The Draft was a comic book in Marvel's New Universe imprint, detailing the aftermath of the reintroduction of the draft following the destruction of Pittsburgh.
The series' first issue was released in March of that year.
The Sensational Spider-Man was canceled after issue 41.
Once the predator succeeds in killing Archie, it reveals it was motivated by a crush on one of Archie's girlfriends, Betty Cooper.
The stories revolve around a young Gallo-Roman man named Alix in the late Roman Republic.
Marvel: The Lost Generation is a twelve-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 2000 and 2001.
It was also contributed by then vice president Frank Mastromauro and drawn by Aspen artist Micah Gunnell.
Angel comic book refers to one of two series published by Dark Horse Comics during 2000–2002.
Strange Adventures was the title of several American comic books published by DC Comics, the first of which began in 1950.
The writers of The Stuff of Legend are Mike Raicht and Brian Smith.
The "100 Page" count included both sides of the front and back covers as pages.
It is a historical adventure strip set in the 16th century, drawn in a realistic style with much attention to detail.
Incorruptible is an American comic book series written by Mark Waid and published by Boom!
While largely consisting of its own continuity, certain issues also implemented aspects of the Sonic video games as well.
Legion Lost is the name of two superhero titles published by DC Comics, both starring the Legion of Super-Heroes.
It won the Bram Stoker Award for Best Illustrated Narrative.
The series was relaunched as Manhattan Projects: The Sun Beyond the Stars on March 11, 2015.
Valor was a short-lived comic book published by EC Comics in 1955 as the second title in its New Direction line.
had stories revealing the status of various minor and little-used characters.
Almost every single idea we pitched was enthusiastically approved by IDW and Cartoon Network.
Steve Gerber contributed a Morbius story to issue #1 and a Lilith story to issue #6.
Superman Confidential featured Superman stories set in the early years of the character’s career.
The purpose of this title was to run stories that fit between the main X-Men comics.
The first issue, "Hey, You Sank My Battle-Ax!
The same confusion exists for issues #13-15, #15 being the last issue published before EC reset the numbering.
The collected edition features an introduction by Gahan Wilson.
It was one of five graphic novels to make Entertainment Weekly's "100 best reads from 1983 to 2008," ranking at No.
Blood & Water was a 2003 five-issue horror comic book limited series written by Judd Winick and illustrated by Tomm Coker, with covers by Brian Bolland.
It is created by Keith Giffen and Gerard Jones, with the first issue written by Jim Owsley.
It is also the name of an obscure group of Spider-Man villains.
2 continued publishing until April 2006 at which point DC restored The Adventures of Superman to its original title and canceled the second Superman series.
Silver Star is a comic book created, written, and drawn by Jack Kirby, originally published by Pacific Comics in 1983.
11 volumes have been produced so far.
The series ran from December 1996 to February 1997.
It soon became one of the most popular comic series of the 1970s and is now considered a cult classic.
For example, Mario plays a psychologist and treats the social anxiety of a Boo.
The first issue was released in May 2008.
It’s not such a great leap to conceive of the builders of nuclear weapons and particle accelerators turning their attention to the oldest of human pursuits.
Six from Sirius is an American comic book mini-series created by Doug Moench and Paul Gulacy and published by Epic Comics in 1984.
The series ended after thirty-one issues, while under the tenure of writer James Hudnall and artist Mark Bagley.
American Virgin was an American comic book series published by Vertigo Comics and written by Steven T. Seagle and illustrated by Becky Cloonan.
The original series covers were done by Stephen John Philips and Richard Bruning.
The final issue additionally carried the imprint Marvel Magazines Group.
Angel: After the Fall is a comic book published by IDW Publishing.
Strangers in Paradise is a long-running, mostly self-published black-and-white comic book, written and drawn by Terry Moore.
But one night Polly gets swept up in an adventure when she is captured by the former crew of the famous Pirate Queen Meg Malloy.
Once printed the art was then colored by Saenz, and then photographed for mass printing using traditional comic publication techniques for page layouts and color separation.
A new ongoing series, written by Charles Soule, was launched during the ResurrXion event.
In the late 1960s, Archie Comics reused the last name "Wilkin" in a new title, That Wilkin Boy.
Ultimate Comics: Armor Wars is an American comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.
Four years and 210 issues later the comic was eventually merged with Buster in June 1974, and was symptomatic of the diminishing market for British comics.
Penthouse Comix was an American mass-market, magazine-sized comic book, published by Penthouse International/General Media Communications from spring 1994 through July 1998.
The new comics are written by Claudio Sanchez, illustrated by Gus Vasquez, Mike S. Miller, and Gabriel Guzman and published by Image Comics.
In 2013, the publication rights reverted to the creators, Jimmy Palmiotti and Justin Gray of PaperFilms Inc.
Hawaiian Dick appeared on the Wizard Top 100 Trade Paperbacks of the Wizard Era, clocking in at number 92.
The series published 881 issues between 1937 and 2011 and is the longest continuously published comic book in the United States.
The last issue was released in 2013.
The series lasted for 5 issues before Defiant ceased publication.
The series was written and pencilled by Jim Starlin.
Professor X is pretending to be a school coordinator, in order to help the young mutants.
It is written by its creator, Ivan Brandon, with art by Nic Klein.
It was first published as short episodic serials within LOFI magazine from 2004 until it ceased publication.
The series was first announced at the New York Comic Con on October 11, 2012.
Ken Parker regular publication ceased, but is still occasionally published by Sergio Bonelli Editore and Panini Comics.
The story relates the Superman story imagining he had landed on Apokolips instead of Earth.
The Massive was an ongoing, monthly comic book series created by Brian Wood and published by Dark Horse Comics.
The series is written by Peter Milligan and illustrated by Jeff Nentrup.
Skin Deep is a fantasy webcomic series written and drawn by Missourian Kory Bing.
It was the seventh Indiana Jones limited series by Dark Horse, and the sixth about the adult Indiana.
It set out to be deliberately anarchic, reminiscent of Viz but for children.
The series has been translated into several languages, including Italian, German, Dutch, Polish, Portuguese, Croatian, Spanish and English.
There is also a cameo at the end by Clark Kent, as a dime novel writer.
Published from 1994 by Fantagraphics Books and later self-published, it is considered a significant work in alternative comics, selling over 20,000 copies per issue.
Cole Black returned in volume two in traditional comic format.
It ran 118 issues, #105 to #222.
Watchmensch story mirrors some of the aspects of the series it parodies, specifically that of imitating the art of Dave Gibbons.
War Is Hell was a horror/war comic book series from Marvel Comics in 1973–1975.
The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger Born is a seven-issue comic book limited series, published in 2007 by Marvel Comics.
The series serves as a canonical continuation of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and follows the events of that show's final televised season.
The August 2008 issue was a Beano special, featuring only characters from that 70-year-old comic.
Studios, and IDW Publishing, and has undergone several hiatuses of varying length.
The Punisher War Zone or Punisher War Zone is a comic book spin-off title featuring the Punisher, a fictional character published by Marvel Comics.
Thor: Son of Asgard is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics from March 2004 to January 2005.
The two issues of the series were released in January and February 2000, in prestige format.
It was published under DC Comics' Wildstorm imprint.
The whole series starred Spider-Man teaming up with another superhero each issue.
It won the Prix du premier album at the 2005 Angoulême International Comics Festival.
Astonishing Spider-Man & Wolverine is a 2010 – 2011 six-issue comic book miniseries published by Marvel Comics starring Spider-Man and Wolverine.
The authorship of the pulp series was credited by Street & Smith to Kenneth Robeson, the same byline that appeared on the Doc Savage stories.
is a 2016 comic book storyline in Marvel Comics that was created by Nick Spencer, Mark Bagley, and Jesus Saiz.
Issue #0 was published in November 2002.
It is published by Marvel Comics under the company's Icon imprint.
Warlord was a comics anthology published weekly in the United Kingdom between 28 September 1974 and 27 September 1986.
Volume 1, Ganglords of Chinatown, retells the story of Gideon, and Volume 2, Kiss & Tell, retells the story of Samson.
He starred in three issues of his own comic, cover-dated September 1966 to February 1967.
The bi-monthly comic was published by Bill Gaines and edited by Johnny Craig.
Other titles which had merged with Tammy before then include Sally, Sandie, June, Jinty, and Misty.
Batman sets out to assemble his former allies against the invaders.
The series features many characters and storylines similar to those of the original X-Men series.
The Last American is a four-issue comic book mini-series released by Marvel's Epic imprint in 1990.
Willingham has stated that Fairest will comprise a lengthy six-issue story arc followed by a single, standalone issue.
The story was the first one to get its own Filipino manga/comic adaptation.
Dick Fulmine is the title character of a crime-action comic book series.
Following Saenz' departure after issue #3, issues 4-7 diverged to traditional art on board artwork which was scanned into the computer.
Mome was a quarterly full-color comics anthology edited by Eric Reynolds, and published by Fantagraphics Books.
The Dark Age began publication in 2005 and ended in May 2010, with the final four issues published monthly.
In April 2015 it was announced that Millar had partnered with film producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura to adapt Jupiter's Legacy into feature films.
Sam Noir is a comic book mini-series written by Eric A. Anderson/Manny Trembley and illustrated by Manny Trembley, first published in September 2006.
Black Dossier was released on November 14, 2007.
In February 2009, the creators announced a partnership with Gatorade to create an animated web-series for Blokhedz.
Each issue of this title centered around a single character, with Thom Zahler writing the first issue and various writers and artists involved with the others.
It has been compared to Pinocchio and Pygmalion.
The themes dealt by the series are unusual for a western, including homosexuality, ecology, ghettoization, justice, the destiny of Man, and his relationship with God.
Various changes were also made to DC's fictional universe to entice new readers, including to DC's internal continuity to make characters more modern and accessible.
Joe: A Real American Hero, and features the G.I.
It was written by Frank Miller and drawn by Walt Simonson.
The series deals with Gwen Dylan, a revenant gravedigger in Eugene, Oregon and her friends Ellie, a 1960s ghost, and Scott, a were-terrier.
Jon and Suzy of Double Trouble have started to like each other.
After this, Knuckles and several of his supporting cast members became a semi-regular feature of Sonic's stories, ultimately crossing over both storylines in a usual manner.
Garin's uncanny file phenomenon created within one month of sales released and published in Malaysia as FaIL aNEH GaRIN
The conflicts between Alberto and Moses were the subject of the first strips of the series.
Western comics is a comics genre usually depicting the American Old West frontier and typically set during the late nineteenth century.
Written by Joe Casey with art by Eric Canete, the series is a retelling of Iron Man's first encounter with the Mandarin.
proved somewhat controversial, with various conservative groups and a chain of newsagents branding it offensive and unsuitable for children.
The series was originally published by Sirius Comics with the first volume's full-color trade released by Sirius Comics in 2005.
The comics present a critique of the establishment, while satirizing counterculture.
From issue #9 to #58, the book's cover features were the solo adventures of Fawcett's Mary Marvel character.
The Punisher: The End is a one-shot title published by Marvel Comics under the MAX imprint as part of their The End series.
The series is a blend of a political environment and stories of aliens and UFOs.
Terminator 2: Infinity is comic book series by Simon Furman and Nigel Raynor, published by Dynamite Entertainment.
A film adaptation was announced in 2013, but appears to have gone into development hell.
Written by Frank Miller and illustrated by Bill Sienkiewicz, Elektra: Assassin satirizes ultra-violence, politics, comic book clichés like ninjas and cyborgs, and the portrayal of women.
The title stood for "David Fickling Comic".
Stories from White Princess were reprinted in Jungle Adventures and Top Jungle Comics during the 1960s and 1970s.
He instead riddles and gives Batman hints from his Arkham Asylum cell.
The series also features the debut of the Ultimate Baron Zemo, expands on areas of Norse mythology and portrays the events of Ragnarok.
The Picto-Fiction magazines lost money from the start, and when EC's distributor went bankrupt, the company had no choice but to cancel the prints.
It was one of the first comics produced under the writers' own Raw Studios imprint for Image Comics.
Neonomicon is a four-issue comic book limited series written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Jacen Burrows, published by American company Avatar Press in 2010.
It was created by writer G. Willow Wilson and artist M. K. Perker.
The covers were drawn by Mike Allred and coloured by Laura Allred.
Empire is an American comic book limited series created by Mark Waid and Barry Kitson.
Weird Science-Fantasy was an American science fiction-fantasy anthology comic, that was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s.
Radio Comix began publishing Furrlough with issue #52 in April 1997, and was published monthly until early 2008 when the frequency of publication began to vary.
The series was published through Image Comics and the first issue released on August 5, 2009.
It was written and drawn by George Pérez, who would leave the Wonder Woman title following this storyline with #62.
Dreadstar was the first comic-book series published by American publisher Epic Comics, an imprint of Marvel Comics, in 1982.
Wild Western was a Western comic book series published by Atlas Comics, the 1950s forerunner of Marvel Comics.
Since 1989, 23 albums have been published by Dupuis.
Taylor, who was born with arthrogryposis, draws the series by using his mouth, a brush, and a WACOM Cintiq tablet.
When his father and brother are taken from him, Freddie takes to the rails as a hobo.
The first issue was penciled by John Byrne and inked by Jim Aparo.
The Killer is a French comic book by writer Matz and artist Luc Jacamon which follows the life of an unnamed assassin.
The story has been described as a "21st century 'A-Team'."
It was published by American company Oni Press in 1999, as a 44-page prestige format comic book.
The book was influenced by The X-Files and Tarzan.
It was published as a mini-series in 1996 and collected into a hardcover volume in 2004.
Truth: Red, White & Black is a seven-issue comic book limited series written by Robert Morales and drawn by Kyle Baker, published by Marvel Comics.
At least three albums have been published in English so far:
Told through the eyes of protagonist Cathy Grant, the comics detail the adventures of a Peace Corps volunteer in the Central African Republic in the mid-1980s.
Brubaker cited his work here as an influence on later works:
The series is the story of Adam Rygert, a superhero who must depend on an anti-fear drug to keep his crippling anxiety at bay.
Bumbardai is a Mongolian comics series, written and illustrated by N. Erdenebayar.
Like Johnson, he is a trapper who had decided to escape from the first city to have appeared in the United States.
The story is a sequel to Moore's previous story Alan Moore's The Courtyard and part of H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos.
Starter is a Franco-Belgian comics series created by André Franquin and Jidéhem in Spirou.
A full page Sunday strip began on March 15, 1931, with artwork by Rex Maxon.
He asked that Martian Manhunter select a "strike team" of fellow Justice League members and to "lead them on a very special mission".
It had reverted in issue #157 to its original title, but changed again from issue #208 to X-Men: Legacy.
Aside from the title, it is unrelated to the Barker-produced telefilm Saint Sinner.
Each issue is intended to be a stand-alone short story, taking place in a different town across North America.
It was then written by Warren Ellis with art by Simone Bianchi and Phil Jimenez.
The storyline delves into Irish and Arthurian legend, reprising several characters first introduced in Hellboy short story "The Corpse".
Horrified, the Abomination smashes open the box to find the Shulk, the future incarnation of the She-Hulk inside.
Warhammer Monthly was a comics anthology published by Games Workshop's publishing arm, Black Library, from March 1998 to December 2004, running to 86 issues in total.
Warner Brothers has acquired the rights to the series for Silver Pictures to produce and Ritchie to direct.
Hollywood Romances lasted 14 additional issues, publishing its final issue, #59, in June 1971.
The Adventures of Bob Hope is an American celebrity comics comic book series that was published by National Periodical Publications.
Cannon Busters is an American fantasy comic book series by LeSean Thomas, launched in March 2005.
He soon meets Sammy, a sickly older hobo who takes Freddie under his wing.
The series was written by Image partner Robert Kirkman.
It was cancelled due to the company's bankruptcy.
The stories unfold throughout the reaches of the Roman world, including the city of Rome, Gaul, the German frontier, Mesopotamia, Africa and Asia Minor.
The series ran for five issues, and was later collected in trade paperback format.
Inspired by Spawn, it is, however darker and more atmospheric than the former, and frequently deals with disturbing subject matter.
The Abomination leaves to check on Shulk, who awakens and violently knocks him away, furious that he has touched her.
Rowans Ruin is a 2015 American comic book four issue miniseries was written by Mike Carey and drawn by Mike Perkins.
Written by Gabaldon with artwork by Hoang Nguyen, the work adapts the first third of Outlander.
DC also published from 1985 to 1987 a second, related line called DC Science Fiction Graphic Novel.
Dubuc and Delafontaine are based in Sherbrooke, Quebec.
Transformers Generation 2 is a short-lived comic book series based on the popular toy line Transformers written by Simon Furman.
Hellboy Junior is a one-shot and two-issue comic book mini-series published by American company Dark Horse Comics.
Apocalypse is opposed by several factions of mutant resistance, including a group led by Magneto.
The title ended its 50-year run as a continuously published comic with issue #700 in December 2012.
Angel's Friends is an Italian magical girl comic series created by Simona Ferri that debuted in March 2007.
Starman is a name used by several different DC Comics superheroes, most prominently Ted Knight and his sons David and Jack.
In 2004, Hawaiian Dick was optioned by New Line Cinema for development as a feature film, but efforts failed.
name was kept alive by summer specials and annuals, finally ending in 1986.
The first of the series lasted from 1987 until 1994 reaching over 400 individual titles.
The official website for the series is inactive.
Volume One consisted of six issues which were then collected in one softcover volume as well as a limited edition hardcover volume.
Birds of Prey was the name of several American comic book series, miniseries, and special editions published by DC Comics since 1996.
A new series, Crossed: Badlands is written and drawn by rotating creative teams.
There were several ongoing stories at any given time, giving wide exposure to lesser-known artists.
The series lasted 17 volumes and was published up until 2005.
It is also the first comic book in a series of Bond adventures in the run of the publisher.
It is generally less sexually explicit than the similarly-themed Meatmen series of graphic novels.
It ran for 32 issues from August 2003 to March 2006.
All of them received superhuman powers as a result of the stellar phenomenon known as the White Event.
Various elements and section of plot were later used in the animated film Hellboy: Blood and Iron.
The series sported a cover logo reading "Unauthorized and Proud of It," possibly in hopes of staving off lawsuits.
Marvel Zombies: Dead Days is a comic book one-shot first published in May 2007 by Marvel Comics.
On 19 March 2012, the Royal Mail launched a special stamp collection to celebrate Britain's rich comic book history.
Kings in Disguise is a six-issue comic book limited series, published in 1988 by Kitchen Sink Press.
The series was written by Marc Guggenheim.
The series was written by Ed Brubaker with interior art by Trevor Hairsine and covers by Marc Silvestri.
The series is known for the great attention paid to the depiction of landscapes.
is a comic book crossover storyline published by DC Comics in 1994, consisting of an eponymous five-issue central miniseries and a number of tie-in books.
This children's new star is already a classic family comic which appeals with pleasure to all audiences.
The mutates return, this time set on killing Betty #6 and her unborn child.
In addition to this, After the Fall has also spawned multiple spin-offs of its own.
The Punisher was a comic book ongoing series published under the MAX imprint of Marvel Comics, featuring vigilante anti-hero, the Punisher.
were stand-alone tales by various creative teams.
Through this, the series explores both the political situations Hundred finds himself in, and the mysteries surrounding his superpowers.
It is best known as the first original, color-comics series by artist John Byrne, who would go on to become a major industry figure.
The second volume of the previous ongoing Superman title, the series was published from cover dates January 1987 to April 2006, and ran for 228 issues.
Battle Chasers is an American fantasy comic book series by Joe Madureira, launched in April 1998.
The first printing sold out at the distributor level on 2 May, seven days before the official release.
Their first contact with humans on Earth is chronicled in this series.
Promethea is a comic book series created by Alan Moore, J. H. Williams III and Mick Gray, published by America's Best Comics/WildStorm.
To help their fight Moore formed Mad Love, his own publishing company, to release AARGH.
Originally, this series was meant to be a non-canon version of Superman, showcasing his origin and updating him for the 21st century.
Featured in colour on the front cover was its most recognisable story, Dan Dare, Pilot of the Future, created by Hampson with meticulous attention to detail.
The series concluded with issue 36 in August 2015.
It was initially published January 1986 by Eclipse Comics and later on by Parody Press and then Dynamite Entertainment.
It's loosely based on the story of the British Invasion, especially how The Beatles stood out.
In a famous mix-up, issue 5 was originally released with the cover meant for issue 6.
The series was later reprised in Italy in 1976 by publishers Altamira and Quadrifoglio until 1983, when it finally closed.
The book as described by Jimenez is "The Real World meets Lord of the Rings meets Tron".
Written by Tom Veitch with art by Frank Gomez.
The character proved immensely popular and quickly made the jump to other media, including comics.
Upon the demise of The Biologic Show Fantagraphics announced that Peloria would be released as a stand-alone graphic novel, but this plan was also abandoned.
Viking is a creator-owned comic book series published by Image Comics.
It is part of the Graphic MSP series of graphic novels based on Maurício de Sousa characters.
In 2007, the series was followed by a sequel, John Woo's 7 Brothers II, written by Ben Raab and Deric Hughes, with art by Edison George.
Like most of Fiction House's early comics titles, Planet Comics was a spinoff of a pulp magazine, in this case Planet Stories.
Mark of Charon was an American comic book published by CrossGen Entertainment from April to August 2003.
Each tale is stylistically different, and illustrated by a different artist.
The first five issues were collected into a trade paperback titled Orc Stain Volume 1.
Witchblade is a comic book series published by Top Cow Productions, an imprint of Image Comics, which ran from November 1995 to October 2015.
Rather than using original material, however, it reprinted in color several comic strips licensed from the McNaught Syndicate and the McClure Syndicate.
was a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.
Other notable contributors included the Charlton regulars Ken Battefield, Sam Glanzman, Joe Gill, Dick Giordano, Rocke Mastroserio, Charles Nicholas, and Tony Tallarico.
Artist Bryan Hitch provided the art for issues one through five, and Brandon Peterson for issues six through nine.
The first photo was Robert Mitchum and the second Glenn Ford.
Uncanny Avengers is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in October 2012 with the launch of Marvel NOW!.
The Season Nine brand also incorporates a new Buffy spin-off series, Angel & Faith, and two spin-off miniseries Willow: Wonderland and Spike: A Dark Place.
Batman: Gotham Knights was a monthly American comic book series published by DC Comics.
The series was written by Bill Rosemann, with art by Guy Davis.
The series has won three Eisner Awards, beginning with the 1995 story Bring Me the Head of Boba Fett.
The first series began in 1993 and was named in its indicia as Volume 1.
It was intended to be a chapter in the development of Ultimatum, a crossover event scheduled to begin in September 2008.
He went on to state that "Working on Jack has been a project that felt just as creative and expansive as any creator-owned work I've done.
It was written by David Hine, with art by Frazer Irving.
The final issue of the main series was issue #290, released in December 2016.
All of the stories printed in Contact Comics dealt with modern aviation.
It was created and scripted by Scottish writer Grant Morrison, and drawn by various artists throughout its publication.
A Time Warp one-shot was published by Vertigo in May 2013.
It continued the storyline of the film Tron and the video game Tron 2.0.
The storyline was preluded by a series of comic books collectively titled "The Road to Civil War II".
was reprinted as part of publisher Russ Cochran's Complete EC Library in 1988.
Fireball had a soft spot for her - he had a habit of letting her slip away after he had just thwarted her evil plan.
Insufferable is an American comic book series written by Mark Waid and digitally published by Waid's Thrillbent label.
In addition, the Nipper story was absorbed from Score comic and Hot Shot Hamish made its first appearance in the Scorcher and SCORE period.
The title is a reference to Noah's Ark of Abrahamic religions.
Lady Penelope was a British weekly comic book magazine for girls which ran from 1966 to 1969.
Artists on the series included Aragonés, Bill Draut, and the Filipino artists Ernie Chan, E.R.
World War III is the title of two comic book sagas published by DC Comics and involving many of the superheroes of the DC Universe.
At the series' end, it was folded into 2099: World of Tomorrow, though members of the team were rarely seen after that point.
The series was scripted by Roger Stern and drawn by John Byrne with both as co-plotters.
It debuted in July 2006 and ended in April 2015.
Its sequel, Adventures in the Rifle Brigade: Operation: Bollock, was released in 2001 and 2002.
The arc consists of two parts, UX4 #1 and UX4 #2.
The series' focus was the "H-Dial" that DC had first introduced in "Dial H for Hero" in House of Mystery in the 1960s.
American Splendor is a series of autobiographical comic books written by Harvey Pekar and drawn by a variety of artists.
Brooklyn Dreams is an American comic book limited series written by J. M. DeMatteis and illustrated by Glenn Barr.
Sonic Disruptors was a comic book limited series written by Mike Baron with art by Barry Crain, and published by DC Comics between 1987 and 1988.
Originally self-published by Tomine in 1991 as a series of mini-comics, the series has been published by Drawn and Quarterly since 1995.
The series saw a total of 30 issues, one anthology and a trade paperback reprinting two issues and featuring one previously unpublished story.
The series ran 4 issues from February through May 2004.
As well as the weekly comic, Christmas annuals were also published.
It is a mini-series that ran for four issues.
The story is a fictionalized account of the true story of four African lions that escaped from the Baghdad Zoo after an American bombing in 2003.
Brides in Love is a comic book series in the romance comics genre.
Dead Space is a 2008 comic book prequel to the game Dead Space: Extraction and to the film Dead Space: Downfall.
The first issue was published September 25, 2013 and the series received positive reviews.
Writing on the CompuServe comics forum, Neil Gaiman said he'd like to see that story.
All three featured stories which ran the gamut from fantasy and science fiction to straight crime dramas of mystery and suspense.
The Dark Tower, first published in 2007, is a series of comic books by Marvel Comics based on Stephen King's The Dark Tower series of novels.
The story is set during Hundred's term in office, and interwoven with flashbacks to his past as the Great Machine.
Two comics were merged into The Topper during its run: these were Buzz in 1975 and Sparky in issue 1276.
Andrew Dabb is an American writer, working in the field of television, movies, and graphic novels.
Then, after the death of Tofano, the character was taken over by his son, Gilberto Tofano, and by cartoonist Carlo Peroni.
Deadline was a British comics magazine published between 1988 and 1995.
Hamilton's clean, linear art evokes classic superhero comics.
It was republished in the march 08 issue of HEAVY METAL
The comic was adapted into animated feature film Technotise: Edit & I.
The new series featured the comedian Jerry Lewis in a variety of humorous situations.
He starred in a critically acclaimed series, written by Robinson, from 1994 until 2001.
Published by Drawn and Quarterly, the series ran from 2001–2006.
Shaolin Cowboy is an American comic book series created, written and drawn by artist Geof Darrow.
The Flash Chronicles: Volume 3 collects material from The Flash #113–118; August 2012; ISBN 978-1-4012-3490-4
It was released in 1999, with a publication date of Feb. 2000.
Mr. Dedd spun his "ghostly tales" from the parlor of his "haunted house".
Josie and the Pussycats is a teen-humor comic book about a fictional rock band, created by Dan DeCarlo and published by Archie Comics.
Other major characters included the X-killer, Scream, Counterstrike, Mace Blitzkrieg, Wolf Pack, Grace and Catalyst, King Tiger, Lt. Anderson, and The Man from the Vortex.
The comic is created and plotted by Dave Castelnuovo and Allan Dye, written by Jason M. Burns and drawn by Rolando Mallada.
Ruule is a crime comic published by Beckett Comics through Image Comics.
The same procedure was repeated in 1953 for an annual with a new Jack Davis cover.
Various film and television versions of Sandman have been developed unsuccessfully since the 1990s.
The New 52 was the 2011 revamp and relaunch by DC Comics of its entire line of ongoing monthly superhero comic books.
Part of this treaty also involved the creation of group that would police the monster world, the Nightwatch.
Impact was a short-lived comic book series published by EC Comics in 1955 as the first title in its New Direction line.
Jack's Luck Runs Out is a full-color one-shot comic book created by Jason Little.
Published first by Aardvark One International and later by Mirage Studios, the story is set around the millennium.
The series features an ensemble cast of superheroes including Catgirl, Superman, Wonder Woman, Plastic Man, the Flash, and the Atom.
The series was created by writer Peter B. Gillis and artist Brent Anderson.
Black Magic was a horror anthology comic book series published by American company Prize Comics from 1950 to 1961.
Created by Albert Kanter, the series began publication in 1941 and finished its first run in 1971, producing 169 issues.
In 1980, Hartberg initiated a second Cole Black series, this time in newspaper strip format.
For the second printing, the shadows were removed to reveal the identity of the corpse.
Sensation Comics is the title of an American comic book series published by DC Comics that ran for 109 issues between 1942 and 1952.
Sheva's War is a five-issue fully painted limited series graphic novel published in 1998.
Bendis and Maleev previously collaborated on Marvel's Daredevil, Spider-Woman and Halo: Uprising.
Harbinger initially featured writing and art by Jim Shooter and David Lapham.
They have regular adventures which fall into almost every subgenre of science fiction imaginable, including frequent encounters with time travel.
It was published from September–October 1971 to June 1983.
The series of twelve issues was published between October 2002 and June 2004.
The title of the magazine's letter column was "Dracula Reads!"
The company was also readying up for series such as Betty, Veronica, Jughead's Time Police, Archie 3000, and the Archie Americana Series.
It ran for a total of six issues and has been reprinted in trade paperback form.
Keyhole was a critically acclaimed black-and-white alternative comic book published from 1996–1998.
The first issue "The Butler Did It" by Damon Lindelof and Jeff Lemire debuted in June 2012.
This series presents stories that center on key figures connected to the history and development of magic in Equestria.
It introduced many characters that would later be featured in their own series or collections.
Ant-Man's Big Christmas is a one-shot holiday special, released under the Marvel Knights imprint of Marvel Comics.
The online version was updated Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Pecos Bill is an Italian comic book series created by Guido Martina and Raffaele Paparella.
Palookaville is a comic book written and drawn by cartoonist Gregory Gallant, better known as Seth, and published by Drawn & Quarterly.
Skull & Bones is a three-issue prestige format mini-series by Ed Hannigan published in 1991 by DC Comics.
Spawn: Godslayer, created by Brian Holguin, is a comic book series published by Image Comics.
The third series is currently being produced by IDW Publishing starting with an issue #0 in October 2005 and a regular series starting in January 2006.
Originally published as 32 issues from 1999 to 2005, the series has been re-published into five graphic novels and one hard-back issue.
Each cycle is composed of some five albums, and each corresponds to a different planet.
It is going to have a bit of a historical grounding to it.
The series combines elements of science-fiction, cyberpunk, and horror, to tell the story of a post-apocalyptic dystopian future.
The series was unpopular with readers, and Brown gave up on the series after three years, although he has said he may return to it someday.
It is published monthly by Avatar Press, which released the first issue in April 2013.
Crime Does Not Pay is the title of an American comic book series published between 1942 and 1955 by Lev Gleason Publications.
As well as the weekly comic, Christmas and summer annuals were published.
Street Fighter is an American comic book based on the Street Fighter franchise and published by UDON under license from Capcom.
Parents Dirk Hopeless and Nikki Savage are old-school punks who were part of the 70's punk scene.
The series was published under Marvel's Marvel Knights imprint in order to avoid any links to current continuity.
Created By Gerard Jones and Ben Herrera, it concerned a team of teenage superheroes in the Ultraverse.
The series was launched in March 2006 and conceived to be a nine-issue miniseries, but has since become an ongoing title.
Mitey Joe, about a small boy and his wish to be taller.
The first series Victorian Undead: Sherlock Holmes vs. Zombies is a six-issue American comic book limited series published by Wildstorm.
Its first publication was on November 15, 1946.
Together, the women save the town and Rachel finds her killer.
Their confrontations take them into the realms of detective investigation and science-fiction, dealing with such themes as time travel, Atlantis and espionage.
In June 2007, The Second Stage Turbine Blade was re-released under the new series titled The Amory Wars.
The book also has theme music, composed and performed by Johnston, which can be downloaded from the official website.
It is loosely based on classified operations told to Bendis by an anonymous high-ranking officer in the United States Intelligence Community during Bendis' childhood.
Cip l'arcipoliziotto is the title character of a comic strip series.
The series starred various members of the intergalactic police force known as the Green Lantern Corps, Kyle Rayner, John Stewart and Guy Gardner.
A sequel entitled Ultimate Comics: New Ultimates was released in 2010 also written by Loeb.
It's the next part of Apaimanee Saga.
Robinson has stated that serializing such a long story in black-and-white form was inspired by the comic Cerebus by Dave Sim.
It was created by writer John Arcudi and artist Doug Mahnke.
Batman and Robin Eternal was published through March 2016, and is a follow up series to Batman Eternal.
The issues were published bi-monthly to alternate with a series of B.P.R.D.
The series stars several Green Lanterns, primarily Kyle Rayner, and the titular xenomorphs from the Alien movie series.
The series was written by Kevin Smith with art by Walt Flanagan, and ran from November 2008 through March 2009 due to delays with issue three.
The BeanoMAX was a monthly British comic magazine published by D.C. Thomson & Co. Ltd It was a spin-off of the UK comic, The Beano.
It was inspired by Japanese anime and manga and classic American comics such as Little Nemo and Calvin and Hobbes.
Adventure into Fear is an American horror comic book series published by Marvel Comics from cover dates November 1970 through December 1975, for 31 issues.
The trailer and webisodes can be viewed on Gatorade's Mission G website.
Daredevil: Reborn is a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.
It was published as a five-part story utilizing characters featured in James Cameron's popular film, The Terminator.
Strange Girl is a monthly comic series published by Image Comics.
As of 2016, DC is currenty re-publishing these stories in the same chronological format in two series with matching trade dress.
An anthology title, these stories focus less on the main continuity and more on peripheral events occurring with the X-Men characters.
Like The Funnies but only eight pages, this, too, was a newsprint magazine.
The series is available in The Transformers: Volume 1.
Created and edited by Tom Pomplun, the series began publication in 2002.
As with most of the Marvel 2099 titles, the protagonist was a futuristic version of a commercially successful Marvel Universe character.
Image Comics released the first issue in November 2013.
The series was very loosely based on the DC superhero character Deadman, although the similarities between the properties are few.
It is set in 2009, after the 2004 Judgment Day depicted in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines.
Hawaiian Dick was a comic book created by writer B. Clay Moore and artist Steven Michael Griffin, and published by Image Comics.
Its sister titles, with many of the same creators, were the Charlton anthologies The Many Ghosts of Doctor Graves, Haunted, Ghost Manor, and Ghostly Haunts.
The Superman Chronicles: Volume Four collects material from Action Comics #26–31, and Superman #6–7; February 2008; ISBN 978-1-4012-1658-0
Justice League Europe was published for 68 issues from 1989 to 1994.
In 2009 Peter Laird sold the Turtles to Viacom, the parent company of Nickelodeon.
Betty and Veronica is an ongoing comic book series published by Archie Comics focusing on "best friends and worst enemies" Betty Cooper and Veronica Lodge.
Later series feature the second Superboy, who is a partial clone of the original Superman.
Polly and the Pirates is an independent comic book series written and illustrated by Ted Naifeh and released through Oni Press.
The story follows Rachel Beck, a young woman who wakes up in a shallow grave after being strangled.
Venus is an American romance comic book published by Marvel Comics in the United States.
It was published between 1990 and 1996, and later collected as a single volume.
Freex is a short-lived comic book series from Malibu Comics.
It is set in one of Marvel's shared universes, the Ultimate Universe.
The larger format allowed the interior artists to "stretch out" a bit more.
Publication of the series began on March 28, 1988.
In the Netherlands it ran under the name De Ark van Zoo.
The title debuted in October 2007 and ran for twelve issues before its cancellation in September 2008.
It is unrelated to the novel The Tower of Shadows by Drew Bowling.
The series was adapted into the AMC television series The Walking Dead, which premiered in 2010.
The events of the series begin one year after the conclusion of G.I.
The series, published by Dark Horse Comics, is written by John Ostrander and illustrated by Jan Duursema.
The story primarily deals with the last kingdom of humans who are fighting demons to survive.
Milk & Cheese are a pair of comic book characters created by Evan Dorkin and published largely by Slave Labor Graphics.
Stormwatch is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by WildStorm, which later became an imprint of DC Comics.
The Utopian is a webcomic and comic book created, written and drawn by Pj Perez.
Forbidden Tales of Dark Mansion was a horror-suspense-romance anthology comic book series published by DC Comics from 1971–1974, a companion to Secrets of Sinister House.
Another pastiched the autobiographical comics series American Splendor by Harvey Pekar, with Don Simpson imitating the drawing style of Robert Crumb.
The Sleeze Brothers was a comic book limited series published by Epic Comics, between August 1989 and January 1990, lasting for 6 issues.
Buster takes off his cap to reveal a Dennis the Menace-style haircut.
DC Special Series was published in four different formats: Dollar Comics, 48 page giants, digests, and treasury editions.
Strange is a six-part American comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics under their Marvel Knights imprint.
Power Man and Iron Fist was an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics, featuring the superheroes Power Man and Iron Fist.
Because of his popularity, Dennis the Menace has appeared on the front cover of every annual since the release of the 1979 book in 1978.
The series is made up of an ongoing series, Judge Dredd, and occasionally a miniseries.
There was however a short story titled "Where Are They Now", published in Dark Horse Day Sampler 2016.
Spike: Lost and Found is a comic, a story based on the Angel television series.
The Punisher 1987 is the first ongoing comic book series starring the fictional Marvel Comics vigilante The Punisher, following a limited series published the previous year.
The majority of the titles feature Superman's cousin Kara Zor-El.
As a comics anthology it serialises stories in each issue and was first published by IPC Magazines in 1977, the first issue dated 26 February.
Its initial release coincided with the release of the 2012 film The Avengers.
Fightin' Air Force was a bimonthly war comic published by Charlton Comics from 1956–1966.
The series was written by Brian Michael Bendis, with each arc drawn by a different artist.
The first volume, published from 1937 to 2011, is best known for introducing the superhero Batman in Detective Comics #27.
The format alternated panels of typography with panels of illustrations.
Humans have been fashioning their own gods with their own hands since the dawn of our time on Earth.
Iron Man and Sub-Mariner does not feature a team-up of the title characters, nor a complete story for either.
Kaluta; their primary collaborators are colorist Lee Moyer and letterer Todd Klein.
He received front page coverage in local newspapers and started a trend of self-publishing among disgruntled Singapore writers.
While the Maxx is aware of the Outback, Julie is not, though it is integral to both of their stories.
Created by Roy Thomas, Jerry Ordway, and Mike Machlan, they first appeared in All-Star Squadron #25.
The series serves as a second team-up between the characters from Runaways and Young Avengers.
Uncanny Tales is the name of two American science-fiction / horror comic-book series, published in the 1950s and the 1970s.
Ghosts is a horror comic book series published by DC Comics for 112 issues from September–October 1971 to May 1982.
Monster Fun was a weekly British comic strip magazine for children aged seven to twelve.
Twisted Tales was a horror comics anthology published by Pacific Comics and, later, Eclipse Comics, in the early 1980s.
is a four-issue comic book limited series featuring Frank Castle, also known as the Punisher.
DC Challenge was a 12-issue comic book series produced by DC Comics from November 1985 to October 1986, as a round robin experiment in narrative.
Created by 2000 AD artists Brett Ewins and Steve Dillon, Deadline featured a mix of comic strips and written articles aimed at older readers.
It was published in 2009 by American company Avatar Press.
The format of Whizzer and Chips was to have the comic divided into two separate parts, a novel idea at the time.
It was published as a first-run graphic novel by Stickman Graphics in 2002.
It is the story of Dave Lizewski, a teenager who sets out to become a real life superhero.
Pizzolo said the project makes sense because the Occupy Wall Street movement was launched by a piece of art.
Wong's work on the book was extensive, as she refined and extended Druckmann's initial concepts and ideas.
The original, unedited story was first posted on the online literary site Wattpad.
Yet after a dispute with Marvel following the cancellation of Byrne's ongoing series X-Men: The Hidden Years, Byrne left the publisher.
It was one of four briefly published books which featured the character.
Batman: Gates of Gotham is a five-issue, monthly comic book limited series published by DC Comics involving the various characters of the Batman franchise.
The series is written by Brian Michael Bendis and painted by Gabriele Dell'Otto.
Dynamo Joe ranged in tone from action-packed space opera to slapstick humor.
Dagar's foe Xorkon appeared first in #14.
The series contains five issues in which Stan Lee meets Spider-Man, The Thing, Doctor Doom, Doctor Strange, and the Silver Surfer.
Copperhead is a Space Western comic book series written by Jay Faerber and illustrated by Scott Godlewski, published monthly by American company Image Comics.
Created by Jim Lee, the team first appeared in Stormwatch #1.
6" where the issue number would normally appear, and a text piece on the inside cover explaining what had happened.
one-shots and were collected in two trade paperback volumes.
In July 2016, the DC Rebirth, the initiative again relaunched the Justice League comic book titles with the third volume of Justice League.
Ironwood is a pornographic comic book series written and drawn by Bill Willingham in the 1990s, published in the United States by Eros Comix.
These battle suits can be configured for either planetary or space combat, and contain or use a wide variety of weaponry.
Nevertheless, its letter column sometimes featured letters from children.
The first issue, released on January 21, 2015, saw sales of over 8000 issues, though sales figures would subsequently drop.
Shaman's Tears was a comic-book series created by Mike Grell and published by Image Comics.
A series of animation shorts was realized in 1969 for Carosello.
Like most Golden Age heroes, Starman fell into obscurity in the 1950s.
Cédric is one of the most popular French language comics according to the list of best selling new comics of the ACBD, with e.g.
The series is a sequel to X-Men: Phoenix - Endsong.
Published by Ape Entertainment, the first issue debuted in comic shops across North America on March 19, 2008.
It was set in the year 8162.
The Man of Steel is a 1986 comic book limited series featuring the DC Comics character Superman.
This Magazine is Haunted was a horror comic originally published by Fawcett between 1951 and 1953.
The Incredible Hercules was an ongoing comic book series written by Greg Pak and Fred Van Lente and published by Marvel Comics.
Co-published by Top Shelf Productions and Knockabout Comics in the US and UK respectively, Century was published in three distinct 72-page squarebound comics.
It featured new stories of a number of characters previously seen in other MLJ publications.
Early ads and solicitations for the series showed this title shortly before it was released.
Volume 4; "The Warrior King", concluding issues 16-20, was released on September 1, 2015.
Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash is a six-issue comic book limited series that was released in November 2007 and ran until March 2008.
It details the adventures of Lupo Alberto, a blue wolf.
Foreign versions of Penthouse Comix continue to be published.
The series was written by Eric Shanower with art by Skottie Young and published by Marvel Comics.
You're not going to see the birth of a planet.
Batman and Robin is an American comic book ongoing series, created by Grant Morrison and featuring Batman and Robin.
It was republished in July 2008 in hardcover format by Dynamite Entertainment with two covers, one by Bisley and the other by Miller.
The American way of life or simply the American way is the unique lifestyle of the people of the United States of America.
As well as the weekly comic, Christmas annuals were also published.
Witches is a supernatural comic book limited series that was published by Marvel Comics in 2004.
Champion, two DC Comics characters, the second of which was an alias used by Hercules
In 2006, Dorothy was added to the Oz Museum in Wamego, Kansas.
... an everyday situation: Going to the store, the car wash, buying some food, you have a confrontation, nobody backs down!
It was followed by a mini-series in 1991 and 1999, and was revived as an ongoing title in 2007.
In the series, a teenager is endowed with ancient ninja powers from a video game.
Alan Moore's Yuggoth Cultures and Other Growths is a three-issue comic book miniseries presenting work written by Alan Moore.
The book was published in September 2006 by First Second Books.
In 2006, the series was collected into one digest sized paperback, titled X-Men: Firestar.
The Many Ghosts of Doctor Graves was an American supernatural-anthology comic book published by Charlton Comics, often featuring stories by writer-artist Steve Ditko.
Each issue highlighted the title it was reprinted from on the cover.
BrainBanx is a six-issue comic book limited series published in 1997 as part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint, Helix.
American Vampire has spun off two mini-series.
Co-created by writer Mark Moretti and artist Joe Quesada, the character first appeared in Bloodshot #6 as Colin King and quickly gained his own series.
The Worlds of Aldebaran is a French science-fiction comic series written and illustrated by Léo and published by Dargaud in French and Cinebook in English.
The title was edited by Bruce Jones and April Campbell.
Missouri Boy is an autobiographical graphic novel written and illustrated by Leland Myrick.
It was the first true, stand-alone horror comic book and is credited with establishing the horror comics genre.
The series is heavily influenced by Star Wars and is based on ideas Vaughan conceived both as a child and as a parent.
It is a black comedy about the day-to-day struggles of Audrey Grinfield, a mentally disturbed office worker at an industrial design firm.
After the eighth issue, the title changed to Monsters on the Prowl, and the comic became almost exclusively a reprint book.
The series was packaged by the creative duo Joe Simon and Jack Kirby, and featured non-gory horror content.
It is the penultimate story arc of five based on Stephen King's The Dark Tower series of novels.
The initial print run for issue one of 57,000 copies sold out.
The Shadowpact is a fictional group of magic-based heroes who fought against the Spectre in the 2005 limited series Day of Vengeance, published by DC Comics.
The book also features gay relationships without it being a big old deal."
The series consisted of two twelve-issue limited series and the events of the first "season" served as a catalyst for the Coup D'Etat line-wide crossover.
Issue #8 was the first to feature the company's Archie Horror logo.
Although similar to the likes of Crisis, Revolver and Toxic!
Logan is a three-issue comic book mini-series starring Wolverine and published under the Marvel Knights imprint of Marvel Comics.
It was followed by a three-volume series of novels set in the same world but featuring different characters.
It was written by Dave Gibbons, with art by Andy Kubert and published by DC Comics and Dark Horse Comics in 1991.
It was a collaboration between Joe Simon and Jack Kirby.
The title ran for 853 issues, until 20 March 1993, and included other football strips and features.
Most of the other strips in the comic were also based on popular television shows of the era.
It concerns a series of people working for a private anti-terrorism security firm that is franchised across the country.
First published by Comico, Wagner later moved publication of the series to Dark Horse.
Last Planet Standing is a 5-issue comic book limited series, published by Marvel Comics in 2006.
The Marvels Project is a 2009-2010 eight-issue comic book limited series written by Ed Brubaker with art by Steve Epting and published by Marvel Comics.
Although the third book to be published, it was not intended to be the third volume in the series.
God of War is a six-issue American comic book limited series set in the God of War universe.
The first six issues feature photos of the actor on their covers.
It was first published in 1974 in Spirou magazine in the form of episodes.
The first issue was cover dated July/August, 1951.
Unlike The Amazing Spider-Man Family, it featured only new stories, with backup stories initially starring Spider-Girl, then switching to Jackpot.
Stumptown is an American comic book limited series and later ongoing, written by Greg Rucka with art by Matthew Southworth.
2 as the flagship book of the X-Men franchise.
It the fifth comic book miniseries based on Stephen King's The Dark Tower series of novels.
It was also the first full-length work by co-creator Ben Templesmith.
Not every comic appearing in Tintin was later put into book form, which was another incentive to subscribe to the magazine.
In 1992, the Mexican band Café Tacuba wrote a song called "Rarotonga" about the comic.
The story involves the Justice League of America recast in assorted roles in the Wild West.
The series features the characters from Monica's Gang as teenagers.
The comic book series was written by James Kuhoric and illustrated by Jason Craig.
There has also been two-issue furry parodies which went by the name Furry Ninja High School and Furry Ninja High School Strikes Back.
Archie's TV Laugh-Out was a comic book published by Archie Comics from 1969 to 1986.
The new method allowed for faster publication times for the remainder of the series.
The stories revolve around the adventures of Monica and her many friends in the fictional neighborhood of "Limoeiro" in São Paulo.
One format was a long-running live-action sitcom series.
In 2009, Hunter Rose was ranked as IGN's 88th Greatest Villain of All Time.
in 1985 and finally Scouse Mouse in 1989.
was an American comics magazine published in the 1980s by Fantagraphics Books, featuring creator interviews, reviews, satirical articles, and original comic strips.
Gutsville is a currently on hiatus six issue comic book limited series from Image Comics which began in May 2007.
Beginning in May 2015, Vertigo published one issue per month, ending in August.
Solus was an American comic book series written by Barbara Kesel and illustrated by George Pérez.
Who debuted in A 37 page origin story.
The Chain Gang is a collection of books written by English illustrator and author Robin Lawrie and his wife Christine Lawrie.
The series was cancelled as of issue #40.
No established DC characters appeared, and in one story, "Paper Hero", Captain Marvel was clearly a fictional comic-book character.
It is mainly based on the stories of the mutant turtles Donatello, Leonardo, Michaelangelo, Raphael, and their rat sensei Splinter.
RASL originally appeared in serial form in an independently published black-and-white comic book published from 2008–2012.
The Schoolgirl was a British 28-page weekly story paper aimed at girls, subsequently reduced to 24 pages.
Its initial writer was Scott Lobdell, with art by Kenneth Rocafort.
Planetary is an American comic book series created by writer Warren Ellis and artist John Cassaday, and published by the Wildstorm imprint of DC Comics.
The omnibus series published 57 issues from 1948 to 1957.
It is published by American company Image Comics.
The monthly series began in July 1997 and concluded in September 2002.
The team was revived under Archie's Red Circle Comics line in 1983.
Kaspin is the cause of her collapse, as cannot allow her to kill a helpless baby.
The name is an acronym for "The Higher United Nations Defense Enforcement Reserves".
It is best known for featuring the adventures of Jonah Hex until #38 when the character was promoted to his own eponymous series.
Beginning in 2011, it was published by Marvel Comics' Icon imprint, and in 2014 the series moved back to Image.
The volume was released on December 5, 2014.
Earth has thrived thanks to Superman and Kryptonian technology, but Lex Luthor now threatens Krypton.
The first issue was released on June 9, 2010 and the second issue was released on July 7, 2010.
He would soon be outfitted with a belt with extra fingers with additional uses.
A collection of the six issues were later released in 1990, along with a final extended issue in 1991.
The first book in the series was published in April 2004 and topped the New York Times Best Seller List.
Issue #1 was released in July 2006.
It was founded by Filipino illustrator Isaac Tolentino and Filipino lawyer Jaime Lucas.
The first issue of the series was released on July 6, 2006 and the final issue on December 6, 2006.
The Nightmare Factory is a 2007 comics anthology from Fox Atomic Comics adapting individual short stories by Thomas Ligotti.
In the early 1990s, a six issue limited series was published by Malibu Comics' Bravura line of creator-owned titles.
A third issue existed but was not printed by EC.
The first issue was released in April 2010 with a continual storyline called Rise of the Firstborn.
Ninjak immediately hit with readers, with the first issue selling close to 1 million copies.
It was then retitled Star Spangled War Stories and lasted until issue #204.
Regular contributors to Fightin' Navy included penciler Bill Molno and inker Vince Alascia, both of whom worked on the book during nearly all of its run.
Orbital is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Sylvain Runberg, illustrated by Serge Pellé and published by Dupuis in French and Cinebook in English.
It was announced in November 2013 that the series would end in early 2015.
Premiering in early 1968 as a showcase for the work of Robert Crumb, Zap was unlike any comic book sensibility that had been seen before.
The series centers upon renowned thief Casanova Quinn, who gets "blackmailed into being a pawn and double agent in a global game of super-espionage".
JLA: Earth 2 is a 2000 DC Comics graphic novel written by Grant Morrison with art by Frank Quitely.
Sensei is a four-issue limited series published by First Comics from March 1989 to August 1989.
Mini Marvels is an all-ages comic book written and illustrated by Chris Giarrusso and published by Marvel Comics.
The series followed the life of Automatic Kafka, an android who had been a member of a mass-marketed superhero group called the $tranger$ during the 1980s.
Two-Fisted Tales was a bimonthly, anthology war comic published by EC Comics in the early 1950s.
The third and final volume, Seaguy Eternal is yet to be published.
All issues are written by Peter Milligan and drawn by C. P. Smith.
At its start Section Zero was intended to be an ongoing series, but due to financial problems experienced by Gorilla Comics, only three issues were published.
The first two Duroc stories were originally intended to be Dagar.
The 'Generation One' term has also come to be associated with the wider Transformers universes based on the original Transformers animated series and Marvel comics.
Comic Cavalcade was an anthology comic book published by DC Comics from 1942 to 1954.
Fightin' Navy was a bimonthly war comic published by Charlton Comics from 1956–1966, and then again from 1983–1984.
Bad Planet is an American six-issue comic book limited series by action film actor Thomas Jane and Steve Niles that started in 2005.
It focuses on the dysfunctional Belluomo Family, their exploits and lampooning American society.
The subplot deals with a group of people named the Collective, who resist the ancient gods.
It was originally published as a four-issue limited series in the United States by Dark Horse Comics and Archie Comics in 2015.
None of these characters were continued in the Human Torch title.
With much fanfare, the government creates a new bureaucratic organization to deal with quantum disturbances, the Federal Bureau of Physics.
DC Graphic Novel was a line of graphic novel trade paperbacks published from 1983 to 1986 by DC Comics.
This series lasted eight issues, cover-dated May to December 1992.
As a result, Ben Reilly decided to abandon the Scarlet Spider guise in favor of a new Spider-Man costume in Spectacular Scarlet Spider #2.
Von Bludd, an alluring female vampire in a tight-fitting dress.
The Sixth Gun is a monthly comic book series created by Cullen Bunn and Brian Hurtt and published by Oni Press.
It has also been made into a television series with Raghuvir Yadav playing the lead role of Chacha Chaudhary.
Spider-Woman was a comic book limited series written by Brian Michael Bendis, drawn by Alex Maleev, published by Marvel Comics in 2009–2010, starring Spider-Woman.
The repercussions of the storyline resulted in the new status quos of the Marvel Universe presented in the company's Marvel NOW!
JLA: The Nail is a three-issue comic book mini-series published by DC Comics in 1998 under its Elseworlds imprint.
Based on German Expressionist cinema, the book is the first part in a trilogy, succeeded by Batman: Nosferatu and Wonder Woman: The Blue Amazon.
Jonny Double is a comic series written by Brian Azzarello and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.
Howard penciled and inked every cover and virtually every story, and occasionally scripted stories as well.
Star Wars: Legacy is an American comic book series set in the Star Wars universe.
The series, written by Len Kaminski, was a part of DC's Weirdoverse group of titles.
The story revolves around criminal psychologist Egon Rustemagik and his investigation of a serial killer who seems to be targeting women.
Wolverine: The Best There Is was a monthly comic book series published by Marvel Comics from 2010 to 2012, and starring the superhero Wolverine.
It was written by Keith Giffen and Mindy Newell, pencilled by Ernie Colón, and inked by Karl Kesel.
The issue was written by Bob Gale, with art by Phil Winslade.
The Rainbow Orchid is a comic written and drawn by Garen Ewing, the first of a series of planned Julius Chancer books.
The series was written by Frank Tieri and drawn by Clayton Henry.
The stories of adventure on the high seas were illustrated by Wood, Crandall, Krigstein, Jack Davis, Al Williamson, Graham Ingels and Angelo Torres.
Bushido: The Way of the Warrior is a joint comic book venture of Top Cow Productions and Heroes and Villains Entertainment.
The first issue was published by American company DC Comics in May 1989.
It featured such characters as The Clock, Black Condor, Captain Triumph, Alias the Spider, Madame Fatal, Jane Arden, Molly the Model, and Red Torpedo.
It is the first series for Crawl Space, a line of horror comic books distributed by Image Comics.
Mindhunter is a three issue comic book limited series published by Dark Horse Comics.
ODY-C has been described as a "masterfully psychedelic, gender-bending, space-operatic retelling of Homer’s Odyssey."
Blazing Combat was an American war-comics magazine published by Warren Publishing from 1965 to 1966.
strips transferred to Buster: "Weedy Willy", "Pete and his Pimple" and "Tom Thug", the latter appearing through to the comic's last issue in 1999.
The story takes place exactly where its predecessor Ashes 2 Ashes finishes, only there is quite a bit of time hopping involved to keep things confusing.
It is written by Brian Azzarello and drawn by Marcelo Frusin, Danijel Zezelj and Werther Dell'Edera.
Series editors included Tom Williams, John Hazners and Chris Fortier.
A second season of 52 episodes was announced in January 2011 and premiered in Russia on 29 April 2012.
The slogan was "Two comics in one, double the fun!".
IGN rated its individual issues between 8.0 and 9.0 out of 10.
After the war publications were resumed, only to be reduced gradually during the fifties and to be discontinued in the sixties.
In 2011 another monthly series, following the adventures of Flash Thompson, was launched.
The series was written by Brett Lewis, with art by John Paul Leon.
The title was canceled with issue #714 in 2011, and was relaunched with issue #1 the following month which ended its run in 2016.
DC Special Series was an umbrella title for one-shots and special issues published by DC Comics between 1977 and 1981.
Grimm Fairy Tales is a Dark fantasy comic book series by Zenescope Entertainment that presents classic fairy tales, albeit with modern twists or expanded plots.
The creative team on the series rotated.
was an American black-and-white horror comic magazine series published by Marvel Comics in the mid-1970s.
The entire series is currently available to read online for free.
The title was relaunched in March 2011 and ran for six issues.
The Amazing Spider-Man is an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics, featuring the adventures of the fictional superhero Spider-Man.
The comic was adapted into a season of 8 animated webisodes that appeared on Spike TV's website in 2008.
Zero Zero's release schedule was irregular, fluctuating between bimonthly and quarterly intervals over the course of its run.
Wolfskin is a three-issue comic book limited series, published 2006 and 2007 by Avatar Press.
Journey: The Adventures of Wolverine MacAlistaire was an independent comic book created by William Messner-Loebs about Michigan frontier life in the 19th century.
The Umbrella Academy: Hotel Oblivion, and a proposed fourth series, are in development.
Druckmann worked on several unsuccessful comic book ideas and pitches, before collaborating with Wong on A Second Chance at Sarah.
It was followed up by the four-issue limited series Lockjaw and the Pet Avengers Unleashed from May to August 2010.
Chimera is an American comic book published by CrossGen Entertainment from March to July 2003.
Ghost Rider 2099 is a comic book series that was published by Marvel Comics, under the Marvel 2099 imprint, from 1994 to 1996.
It ran only four issues, with print publication dates of March to June 1994.
Doyle: Spotlight is a comic based on the television series Angel.
It was published by Top Cow through Image Comics in August 2012.
7 was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics as part of its New Universe imprint.
SpongeBob Comics is an ongoing comic book series published by Bongo Comics and United Plankton Pictures.
Xenozoic Tales is an alternative comic book by Mark Schultz set in a post-apocalyptic future.
Savage Henry is the title of a comic book series written and illustrated by Matt Howarth.
The story follows Casper as he join forces with Wendy the Good Little Witch and Hot Stuff the Little Devil to stop a monstrous threat.
was sized 9.75" x 12" and 9.25" x 12", and had a four-colour cover and black-and-white interior.
Scorcher featured various well-known comic strips, such as Billy's Boots, Bobby of the Blues and Lags Eleven, a story about a prison football team.
Each issue includes two stories by different creative teams featuring a different team-up of an Avenger and a X-Man.
The trade paperback collecting the second mini-series was published in October 2006.
Aces High was reprinted as part of publisher Russ Cochran's Complete EC Library in 1988.
The Men in Black is an American comic book created and written by Lowell Cunningham, illustrated by Sandy Carruthers, and originally published by Aircel Comics.
Crisis is considered by many to be one of the most important and most influential comic book storylines of all time.
Angel and the Ape was a humor comic book created by E. Nelson Bridwell published by DC Comics.
Howarth regularly drew "guest appearances" by real world musicians in the comic book, including The Residents, Moby, Foetus, Hawkwind, Nash the Slash, and others.
The series is written by Andy Diggle with art by Jock, the acclaimed team behind The Losers.
The series is a tie-in to Final Crisis.
They are the last Ultimate Marvel comic books to be published before the imprint was relaunched as Ultimate Comics.
It was recommended as a graphic novel of interest to improve reading skills for "reluctant readers" in Library Media Connection .
Artwork was still directly drawn into the computer.
Once in a great while, the world is graced with a Singularity.
Outcast is an ongoing American comic book series created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Paul Azaceta.
Published in 2008, it is the first graphic novel ever funded by the National Science Foundation.
It follows the character of the Romulan Nero and his crew in the time between the destruction of the USS Kelvin and the kidnapping of Spock.
Leading Screen Comics ended with issue #77.
One part was called Whizzer and the other was called Chips, with Chips existing as a separate pull-out section in the middle.
Usagi wanders the land on a musha shugyō, occasionally selling his services as a bodyguard.
2099: World of Tomorrow was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics.
Dead Eyes is a story in 2000 AD which started in March 2008.
Marvel 1985 is a six-issue American comic book limited series, published in 2008 by Marvel Comics.
The collected Box Office Poison is over 600 pages long.
Amy Unbounded is an ongoing comic book series by Rachel Hartman that began in 1996.
X-Men: Phoenix – Warsong is an American five-issue comic book limited series released in 2006, beginning in September.
Local resembles a previous series of Wood's, Demo, which also spanned twelve issues, each of which was a self-contained story.
Many creators debuting in Popgun have since made their mark on the comics industry.
Tony Broke is happy because his parents have won 90 squillion pounds on the National Lottery, making Tony and his family mega-rich.
The first issue was dated August 1986.
He gets caught up with ruthless vigilantes Hit-Girl and Big Daddy who are on a mission to take down the gangster John Genovese.
Superman: Last Son of Earth is a comic book, published by DC Comics, under its Elseworlds imprint.
The Hunter is a British comic book limited series created by Adam Hamdy, with art by David Golding.
It was their seventh series about the adult Indiana Jones.
Its writer was Justin Jordan, with art by Tradd Moore and colors by Felipe Sobreiro.
However, the lack of Master Chief-focused action and character development—as well as the delays in publishing—led to average reviews.
The series followed a fictional team of exorcists sponsored by the Vatican.
Danger Unlimited is a comic book series written and drawn by John Byrne.
The series was written by Mark Gruenwald with art by John Romita, Jr. and Bob Layton.
It was published in the United States by National Lampoon under the title Heavy Metal.
XXXombies is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Rick Remender, with art by Kieron Dwyer.
Pencil art was by George Tuska with inking by Dick Ayers, with some inks by Reed Crandall, in the first issue.
Legion accidentally kills Professor Charles Xavier, his father, leading to a major change in the timeline.
King-Cat Comics and Stories is a long-running, critically acclaimed photocopied mini-comic series, authored and self-published by John Porcellino.
In the 8th century a truce, called "Pax Daemonica", was arranged between the monsters and the Catholic Church.
The series is published by Dark Horse Comics and ran from March 2014 to August 2016.
Since 1985 a series of monthly books has been released, following a short-lived series launched between 1983 and 1984.
The magazine was known for handing out free toys in its issues.
Published bi-monthly, the magazine cost 75 cents, a typical price for the time.
The series is a bi-monthly ongoing and began in May 2013 to critical acclaim.
52 also led into a few limited series spin-offs.
Jack Kirby's Galactic Bounty Hunters is a six-issue comic book limited series by Marvel's imprint Icon Comics and based on some of Jack Kirby's unpublished ideas.
Five albums were released, all during the 1980s, before Chaland's untimely death.
Although it was advertised as being a twelve-issue story, sales were poor, and the last issue published was #7.
DC Universe Online: Legends is a comic book limited series published by DC Comics.
There weren’t epic space operas about teenage girls.
The series launched as a tie-in to the Secret Invasion event in May 2008 and ceased publication with issue #15.
Crime Illustrated ran for a total of two issues.
But as more issues were published, the comic expanded to also include action, adventure, fantasy and sci-fi stories as well.
Mirage Studios also printed a trade for the 25th anniversary, titled Future Tense reprinting Mighty Mutanimals #7 and TMNT Adventures #42-44 and #62-66 in July 2009.
Dynamo 5 is a spin-off of Noble Causes, a previous comic book series created by Faerber, which also explores the dynamics of a superhero family.
The first volume led to the launch of The Defenders and Marvel Two-in-One, while volume two led to an ongoing Red Sonja series.
It was edited by Bruce Jones and April Campbell.
During the Silver Age of Comic Books, DC Comics reinvented several Justice Society members and banded many of them together in the Justice League of America.
In Brazil it was printed under the title "Vampi".
In addition to being stand-alone, most of these issues tie into the main series, and offer additional context.
Beginning with issue 9 through the end of the 13-issue run the book became a full-sized monthly.
We3 is a three-issue American comic book mini-series by writer Grant Morrison and artist Frank Quitely, who describe its kinetic style as "Western Manga".
Hulk Comic was a black-and-white Marvel UK comics anthology published under the editorship of Dez Skinn starting in 1979.
In the ensuing years, several characters, with varying degrees of relation to the original, briefly took the mantle of Starman.
It replaced the cancelled Justice League International and ran for nineteen issues from 1994 to 1996.
Tomine's style and subject matter are restrained and realistic.
The first four volumes make up the "Ottoman Cycle" while the following five comprise the "Africa Cycle".
The original was a slapstick comedy aimed primarily at children.
It often featured strips re-printed from American comics and graphic novels.
Superman's Metropolis is a comic book, published by DC Comics, under its Elseworlds imprint.
Ambush Bug: Year None is a six-issue comic book limited series written Keith Giffen and Robert Loren Fleming, and illustrated by Keith Giffen and Al Milgrom.
The character first appeared in Pep Comics #22.
The series is set five years in The New 52's future, and is written by Brian Azzarello, Keith Giffen, Dan Jurgens, and Jeff Lemire.
In February 2013, IDW Publishing announced a partnership with Cartoon Network to produce comics based on its properties.
All-Star Superman is a twelve-issue American comic book series featuring Superman that was published by DC Comics.
Chlorophylle was a Belgian comics series and Raymond Macherot's best known work, alongside Sibylline.
Trese is a horror/crime komiks created by writer Budjette Tan and artist Kajo Baldisimo.
This led the company in 1968 to launch a short-lived magazine, the first to bear the Spectacular name.
Predator is a comic book and intercompany crossover, written by Alex de Campi and drawn by Fernando Ruiz.
The series deals with themes related to fame, celebrity, and the relationship between fiction and human consciousness.
Astonishing Tales is an American anthology comic book series published by Marvel Comics originally from 1970-1976.
It was written by Mark Millar and illustrated by Tommy Lee Edwards.
Epic Illustrated was a comics anthology in magazine format published in the United States by Marvel Comics.
The first issue was released on August 3, 2011, to positive reviews.
Both series were written by Chris Eliopoulos with art by Ig Guara.
It was published by DC Comics, beginning publication in February 2008.
However, both sides began to recruit amongst the Micromasters, polarising them into two sides.
Human Target is an espionage-related comic series written by Peter Milligan and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.
Ultimate Requiem is a series of comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Wired explained the perceived relationship between Occupy Wall Street and art:
Tom Sutton contributed many of the covers.
Initially solicited release between October 2005 and January 2006, issues 4–6 were subsequently resolicited, and finally released throughout 2006, with cover dates between June and November.
The story deals with members of youth subcultures resembling the Mods and Rockers of 1960s England.
The series debuted November 1, 2006, and was canceled in April 2008 after 14 issues.
John Byrne's Next Men is a comic book series written and drawn by John Byrne.
The story uses elements from the Silver Age Comics, most notably from the original Legion of Super-Heroes series.
Marvel Spotlight is the name of several comic book series published by Marvel Comics as a try-out book for new characters.
Piracy is an EC Comics title published in the early 1950s.
It has been published by Gorilla Comics, DC Comics, and a partnership between Thrillbent and IDW Publishing.
World Without End is a six-issue comic book limited series, created by Jamie Delano and illustrated by John Higgins, released by DC Comics in 1990.
Besides the title character, other characters are Orbi, Professor Thimk, and Astra.
After issue #87, the book went on hiatus until August 1963's #88.
Recurring characters include Hothead's cat Chicken, her friend Roz, a talking lamp, and transgender love interest Daphne.
The series was published by independent publisher Lone Star Press and is set in its own self-contained universe.
In its first era, the series ran for 503 issues, making it the fifth-longest-running DC series, behind Detective Comics, Action Comics, Superman, and Batman.
Science fiction writer Isaac Asimov was credited with providing additional concepts.
The stories depict a space opera reminiscent of Greek tragedy, and heavily influenced by Frank Herbert's Dune novels.
At the time, the four Superman titles were released weekly with an intertwining story.
Dave Gibbons, Don Simpson, and Jim Valentino also contributed art.
In addition, it served as the inspiration for the best-selling, award-winning March trilogy, written by Georgia Congressman John Lewis.
The comic's founders, Patrick Gallagher, Tony Husband and Mark Rodgers, were offered a TV deal which resulted in the show Round the Bend.
The comic mainly featured comic strip versions of radio and film stars, including:
It had a companion series, House of Secrets.
The Milkman Murders is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Joe Casey and illustrated by Steve Parkhouse.
The Dreamer is a webcomic written and drawn by Lora Innes.
The first Teen Titans series ran 43 bi-monthly issues, ending in early 1973.
According to Miller, the series takes place in the same continuity as Miller's other Batman-related works, such as The Dark Knight Returns.
A different but similar story continues in the Undertaker's 2-part issue.
LaFlora, the Princess academy is a Thai Comics series.
All 4 issues have been collected in Predator Omnibus volume 3.
It is the first anime installment in the Digimon media franchise, based on the virtual pet of the same name.
By declining their invitation, Natas becomes an eternal enemy of Satan and his Champions of Hell.
Booster Gold was an ongoing monthly DC Comics comic book series featuring the eponymous superhero Booster Gold, created by Dan Jurgens.
In 2016, the original version returned in the Spider Man 2099 arc "Civil War 2099".
Volume 2, "The Scotsman's Curse", contains issues 6-10 and was released 28 October 2014.
Marvel Zombies is a five-issue limited series published from December 2005 to April 2006 by Marvel Comics.
The series continued in 2005 under the title Motel Art Improvement Service.
The series has earned several award nominations, such as Golden Chazzie nominations for Best Ongoing Series and Best Artist for 2006.
Terror Illustrated was edited by Al Feldstein.
It was nominated for "Outstanding Comic Book" in the GLAAD Media Awards.
The theme of the series is that characters who live in such towns exist in a 'holding pattern', spending their time waiting for something to happen.
Published monthly, it was D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd's third all-reprint comic.
The Hacker Files is a twelve issue DC Comics mini-series published from August 1992 to July 1993.
It was published by Top Cow in 2003 and 2004 as part of Millarworld.
A total of 10 monthly issues were released in 2004 and 2005.
Orc Stain is an ongoing fantasy comic book series created by James Stokoe and published by Image Comics.
Traditional superhero themes such as fighting crime are treated as a background setting instead of a primary focus.
The Transformers: Devastation is a six-issue comic book miniseries, published by IDW Publishing, based on the Transformers and following on from The Transformers: Escalation.
The first issue was published on 15 February 2007 and was a Comic Relief special.
It is part of the Marvel Universe, but the story takes no advantage of the fact.
Clifton is a Franco-Belgian comics series in the humorous spy-genre, featuring the exploits of Colonel Sir Harold Wilberforce Clifton.
The first issue was also released as part of the annual Free Comic Book Day promotion in May 2008.
Star Wars: Agent of the Empire is an American comic book series set in the Star Wars universe.
It was written by Steve Darnall with art by Alex Ross.
It takes place in the Ultimate Universe following the events of Ultimatum.
It was the last volume of the series to be published by DC Comics.
The "7 seconds" referred to a team of operatives who assisted her in various conflicts.
The series was created, written, and drawn by Sheldon Mayer.
Berlin is a comic book series by Jason Lutes, published by Black Eye Productions and then Drawn and Quarterly.
The comic at various times printed colour pinups of tanks, planes, ships, etc.
Apaimanee Saga is a Thai comic series written and illustrated by Supot A.
The first 24 issues were drawn by Salvador Larroca, and the final 22 issues were drawn by Igor Kordey.
Wells' story is transported from early 20th century Britain to Metropolis in 1938.
It is a spin-off from Gaiman's best-selling Vertigo Comics series The Sandman, featuring the Sandman's elder sister, Death of the Endless.
An individual the Dark Man wants saved may be working for either, depending on your point of view.
Preacher is an American comic book series published by Vertigo, an imprint of DC Comics.
The first issue of the series released on 8 October 2014 and is currently published through Image Comics.
Noble Causes is an American comic book series created and written by Jay Faerber, illustrated by a variety of artists and published by Image Comics.
and "Final Crisis" story arcs, due to Batman's perceived absence and abandonment by the public.
The bi-monthly comic book, published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein, began with an issue cover-dated October–November, 1954.
A hardcover collection has been published on May 4, 2010.
It was later picked up briefly by Antarctic Press.
It was written by novelist China Miéville, featuring artwork primarily by Mateus Santolouco with Brian Bolland as the cover artist.
Terra Obscura is a 2003 comic book miniseries spin off from Alan Moore's Tom Strong series.
The first, debuting in 1949, ran 35 issues, changing its title to Girl Confessions with issue #13.
Sonic X is a Japanese anime television series created by TMS Entertainment and based on the Sonic the Hedgehog video game series published by Sega.
Besides individual issues and trade paperbacks, Proof is also available on the iPhone and iPod Touch.
A sequel, directed by Jeff Wadlow, was released in 2013.
It is part of the "World War Hulks" crossover storyline.
The storyline pits the 99 led by Dr. Ramzi in their pursuit of social justice and peace against the forces of chaos and evil.
The story takes place in parallel to the later issues of Batman: Dark Victory.
Its successor, The Phoenix, launched on 7 January 2012.
Stephen King is the Creative and Executive Director of the project.
Reception of the series has been mixed; some consider it unnecessary and poorly executed, and many harshly criticized the issue centred on Imperator Furiosa.
Overkill was a Marvel UK anthology published during the 1990s, deliberately designed as a Marvel equivalent to 2000AD.
The book consisted of two 52-page issues without advertisements, published in December 1995 and January 1996 respectively.
Our Army at War was an American comic book magazine published by DC Comics that featured war themed stories and featured the first appearances of Sgt.
It was based on the popularity of Suske en Wiske and notable for being the last attempt in Flanders to release a new comic book magazine.
The artists with the two most prominent runs were Bart Sears and Joe Bennett.
While an anthology of different artists, Rubber Blanket is mostly a showcase for Mazzucchelli's work.
The books are published by Big Balloon, Uitgeverij Oberon, Egmont Ehapa Verlag, Norbert Hethke Verlag, Star Comics and Esperos Comics, Incal, and Glénat.
Created by Tad Stones and Alan Zaslove, it featured the established Disney characters Chip 'n' Dale in a new setting.
The comic went through three writers and artists, and embellished the original plotline, despite only covering the first episode of the 1963 series.
Plans for a television adaptation were announced April 17, 2013, but was still in the scripting stage in 2015.
To Hell You Ride is a horror story that takes place in a mountain town of Colorado.
His tactical military experience made him able to lead the prisoners.
The series was written by Ian Edginton, with art by Davide Fabbri.
It was written by Simon Jowett, with pencils by Edmund Perryman and inks by Rodney Ramos.
The series was written by Chris Claremont and pencilled by Oscar Jimenez and Michael Ryan.
It featured short stories in the superhero, crime and humor genres.
The comic contained graphic depictions of a variety of taboo and gory subject matters.
The series finally ended with #529, prior to DC's The New 52 company reboot.
The eighth issue appeared in May 2016 and the tenth and last issue was released on June 15, 2016.
Crilley describes his work as safe for children but written for adults.
There were also two side stories: one featuring the weird journalist Chester Soup, a comical one, and one called Anderville Confidential.
Widowmaker is a four issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics starring superheroes Black Widow, Hawkeye and Mockingbird.
With the conviction that sex was political, the series was created with the focus of sexuality from a female perspective.
It is written by Paul Ens, who worked on Star Wars: Evasive Action.
Between March and September 1998, Cochran reprinted all seven individual issues.
The first five issues featured two stories—one by Snyder and the other by Stephen King, both drawn by Rafael Albuquerque.
The Zombies That Ate The World is an ongoing comic book series written by Jerry Frissen and illustrated by Guy Davis.
Editor Fabian Nicieza called Priest because he wanted a buddy super-hero book similar to Power Man and Iron Fist.
Like the previous anthology, Batman: Arkham City, it acts as a prequel to the events of the video game Batman: Arkham City.
The magazine ceased publication with issue 29 in February, 1983 due to the bankruptcy of Warren Publishing.
Many of the villains appearing in the series also have their roots in the Game.
After twelve issues, co-writers Geoff Johns and Jeff Katz left the series, leaving Jurgens as the main writer and artist, along with Norm Rapmund as co-artist.
Christopher Champion, Martin's son who went by the alias Tempest
Death: The Time of Your Life is a three-issue comic book mini-series written by Neil Gaiman, one of many spinoffs from his series The Sandman.
Ghost Rider: Road to Damnation is a six issue comics miniseries starring the supernatural biker superhero Ghost Rider.
It tells the story of Batman's first encounter with the Joker in post-Zero Hour continuity.
Kiss Psycho Circus is a comic book series published by Image Comics and Todd McFarlane Productions.
So when Gerber was asked to come up with something original by Vertigo editor Karen Berger, he created Nevada.
Akiko is an American comic book series written and drawn by Mark Crilley and published by Sirius Entertainment.
Weird Science was an American science fiction comic book magazine that was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s.
The Tammy and Misty merger brought Miss T and Misty herself to join the Storyteller, in 1980.
The origin of their powers is different and the team is much younger.
Later, the film project was resurrected by Warner Bros.
is a six-issue comic book limited series that was published by DC Comics.
Kickers, Inc. was a twelve-issue comic book series published by Marvel Comics from 1986 to 1987 as part of the New Universe imprint.
Altogether, 72 issues of Strange Suspense Stories were published.
The series was written by Bill Jemas, and the stories involve satirical comments on comic book industry conventions and trends.
Red Rocket 7 is a seven-issue comic book limited series by Mike Allred, published in 1997 by Dark Horse Comics.
Superior Spider-Man Team-Up was an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in July 2013.
Strange Fantasy is a 36-page, 10 cent, bi-monthly, anthology horror comics title published by Ajax-Farrell in the early 1950s.
The graphic novel was a way to salvage something from the film project, whose first production was cancelled.
Between 1980 and 1983, five issues of Cole Black were published in this format.
The comics won Grand Prize at the International Manga Award in 2015.
Shatter was written by Gillis and illustrated directly on the computer by Saenz.
Its writer was John Arcudi and its artist was Tom Mandrake.
Lockjaw and the Pet Avengers is a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics from July to October 2009.
Aircel would later be bought out by Malibu Comics, which itself was bought out by Marvel Comics.
The retitled series ended with issue #116.
Mafalda is an Argentine comic strip written and drawn by cartoonist Joaquín Salvador Lavado, better known by his pen name Quino.
Spider-Man: Blue is a comic book limited series written by Jeph Loeb and illustrated by Tim Sale.
It ran from April 1975 to April 1976.
and Fantastic had themselves already merged with Wham!
Thematically, it is similar to an early series by the same team, Crossfire, published by Eclipse Comics, but without the superhero element.
Samurai Jack was one of the titles announced to be published.
The October 2009 illustrated film DVD Godkiller: Walk Among Us - Episode 1 quickly established itself as its distributor's all-time fastest selling release.
The series is meant to be a teen drama as well as spooky and dark.
The Transformers: Infiltration is a six-issue comic book mini-series, published by IDW Publishing, based on the Transformers.
Trouble is a five-issue romance comic book limited series published in 2003 by Marvel Comics as a part of its mature Epic Comics imprint.
It began in October 2011 on issues that follow "Fear Itself" and explore a number of implications across a number of titles.
Cosmo the Merry Martian was a comic book published by Archie Comics in the late 1950s.
The series follows his attempts to rescue the people he has sworn to protect.
AARGH was a 76-page one-off comics anthology published by Mad Love in 1988.
It began in September 1992 and ended in September 1994.
Furman also introduced a cannon fodder army named the Generation 2 Cybertronians.
It was odd for the time in that its characters were created via a "talent search" for interesting character concepts.
It ran from 1985 to 1989 for fifteen issues.
Our Cancer Year won the 1995 Harvey Award for best original graphic novel.
It was a spin off from DNAgents, which was also written by Evanier.
Informed by Bud Plant and other comics distributors that the newspaper strip format was limiting sales, Hartberg prepared African Dream in traditional comic book format.
Of the series, Gibson stated that he was inspired to create the series after being a guest at a 2009 Comic-Con.
The Boys is an American creator-owned comic book series, written by Garth Ennis and co-created, designed and illustrated by Darick Robertson.
The series is available in The Transformers: Volume 2.
It ran for five issues, ending with the November–December, 1955 issue.
Masks is a comic based on the Angel television series.
In 1941, the McClure Syndicate had placed the strip in hundreds of newspapers.
The book was "hosted" by Winnie the Witch, a "moddish" blue-skinned witch.
Marvel Zombies Return is a weekly five-issue comic book limited series, published by Marvel Comics in late 2009.
Unlike the vast majority of comics in the current market, The DFC was funded entirely by subscriptions, without any commercial advertising.
The TPB collection followed swiftly after No.
The rebels attack, unaware that Char has died.
Thrilling Comics is the title of a comic book series published by Standard Comics for 80 issues from 1940 to 1951.
The stories are heavily technology driven, with concepts like robot dragons, suspended animation, time travel, and even an alien species called the Vineans.
Conan the Adventurer was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics for 14 issues from 1994 to 1995.
Most issues featured a number of short comics stories, as well advice columns, text pieces, and filler.
Based on the Ultimate Comics version of the Norse god Thor, the series was written by Jonathan Hickman with art by Carlos Pacheco.
Peter Parker is a teenaged science prodigy who lives in Queens, New York.
The element of disguise is a major focus, as the Transformers have been living unnoticed amongst humans for several years.
The second volume, Slaves of Mickey Eye, was released in three issues beginning April 1, 2009.
The "100 Page" count included both sides of the front and back covers as pages.
Desolation Jones was a bimonthly comic book series written by Warren Ellis.
Long John Silver is a French comics series written by Xavier Dorison, illustrated by Mathieu Laufray and published by Dargaud in French and Cinebook in English.
It is written by John A. Russo with artwork by Dheeraj Verma.
Horace Cope, a boy of the same name who enlisted help from his grandmother, Madame Zsa Zsa, an astrologer
Critics often drew comparisons to the television show Sex and the City.
It was a critical and commercial success, winning many Eisner Awards and receiving several Hugo Award nominations for Best Graphic Story.
Strangehaven is a self-published comic book series created by Gary Spencer Millidge.
Justice League Elite was a twelve-issue comic book limited series published monthly by DC Comics in 2004 and 2005.
In April 2013 part one of a four-part limited series, Neozoic: Trader's Gambit, was published.
Among the changes made to modernize the story is the revelation that female protagonists Tommy and Elle are in a same-sex relationship.
The heroes of the series are two young children, brother and sister Jo and Zette Legrand, and their pet chimpanzee Jocko.
The story was unconventional in that it was told from the perspective of a child who is still acquiring language.
: Occult Crimes Taskforce is an American four-issue comic book mini-series about the eponymous team of fictional police officers.
The first issue was published in December 2009.
Epic published 26 issues, after which it was published by First Comics who carried it for 38 more issues, for a total of 64 issues.
It extends the Marvel 2099 imprint, which features other future versions of popular Marvel characters, such as Spider-Man 2099 and Hulk 2099.
The series has been reviewed as not so much "a flip-book" but instead "more like a drive-in double feature".
Rush City is a six-issue comic book limited series published monthly by DC Comics from September 2006 until 2007.
It starred Hawk-Owl and Woody, two characters who were purposefully designed as blatant parodies of Batman and Robin.
The extremely non-linear story tells the adventures of a prostitute who is kidnapped by aliens who wish to destroy the world.
The two worked on the book for over a year.
The second part was later delayed to 2016, but as of March 2017 it remains unreleased.
The main protagonists of the adventures are Philip Mortimer, a leading British scientist, and his friend Captain Francis Blake of MI5.
The name "ClanDestine" is used primarily as the title of the series in which the family stars, and is not generally used by the characters.
A second mini-series was planned but never published.
The Elseworlds 80-Page Giant is an 80-page collection of Elseworlds stories published by DC Comics.
Its initial issue cover dates October 1952 and its last issue October/November 1954, for a total of 13 issues.
Boner's Ark was an American comic strip created by Mort Walker, also the creator of Beetle Bailey.
The series concluded its run with the 50th issue, released March 21, 2012.
The plot revolves around the consequences of a superhero, John Horus, who kills the President of the United States and several of his advisers.
Starting in November 2009, an ongoing series of the Transformers was launched and ended in December 2011.
After the end of Grant Morrison's run on X-Men vol.
It was written by Evan Dorkin and illustrated by many artists.
The series has been met with wide critical acclaim, and is one of the most celebrated comics being published.
Chew's first issue was released in June 2009, and the series concluded with its 60th issue in November 2016.
Issue #0, which cost 25¢ and introduced the setting and major characters, was released on June 7, 2006.
Connor: Spotlight is a comic book series based on the Angel television series starring the eponymous Connor, with cameo appearances by Angel.
[[Category:2007 comics debuts|Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four]]
It is the second of five such miniseries based on those novels, following the 2007 mini-series The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger Born.
The series was written and penciled by Dan Jurgens, with inks by Jerry Ordway.
Gillis and Anderson left the series within two years.
The adventures of a young rascal, his family and his school.
The team first appeared in Dynamo 5  #1.
The Trenchcoat Brigade is a four-issue comic book limited series that was published in 1999 as a part of DC Comics' Vertigo imprint.
The work marks a move on Moore's part from genre fiction in the wake of the success of Watchmen.
It was created by Anant Pai, and published by India Book House.
It is the only comic book to have sold for more than $3 million for a single original copy.
iZOMBIE was nominated for the 2011 Eisner Award for Best New Series.
The Post Office took note and, starting with issue #5, all the issues were numbered correctly.
It was first advertised in early April 1940, one month after the first appearance of his new sidekick, Robin, the Boy Wonder.
A promotional sketchbook for the series was released in July.
The series was written by Steve Englehart, and drawn by Jorge Santamaria and Scott Hanna.
The 'Nam was a war comic book series detailing the U.S. War in Vietnam from the perspective of active-duty soldiers involved in the conflict.
Sugar and Spike is an American comic book series published by DC Comics from 1956 through 1971, named after its main protagonists.
2, #10–14, and The Flash #131; October 2010; ISBN 978-1-4012-2915-3
The eponymous "dairy products gone bad" tend to drink copious quantities of gin and become embroiled in gratuitously violent situations.
Published by the Print Mint, it ran for seven issues between 1975 to 1976.
The title stands for Displaced Paranormals and refers to the seven main characters of the series.
It follows the lives of the two million survivors in the underwater city of Salus; its helmsmen, the Caine family; and its pirate enemies.
The film features small, killer toys similar to those seen in Puppet Master, a film which Band produced in 1989.
The bi-monthly comic was published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein.
The series was initially published in France by Soleil Productions from 1998 to 2006.
It first appeared on March 30, 1955 in the Franco-Belgian comics magazine Tintin.
Elektra and Wolverine: The Redeemer is a trilogy of graphic novels written by Greg Rucka, illustrated by Yoshitaka Amano and published by Marvel.
Ultimate X-Men is a superhero comic book series that was published by Marvel Comics from 2001 to 2009.
The history of the Micromasters is different from that previously indicated.
Exalted is a comic book title produced by UDON Entertainment Corporation, based on the role-playing game Exalted.
Both are crime dramas, drawn in monochrome and the series draws heavily upon 1970s 'street' culture.
The comics are a mixture of action, adventure and adult situations.
33 before being launched in its own title, Mighty Crusaders.
This concept is intertwined with the concept of American exceptionalism, the belief in the unique culture of the nation.
The action-themed nature of the series was most overt with the series' most famous arc "The Extremists".
Marvel Comics Super Special: Blade Runner or just Blade Runner is a comic book adaptation of the film Blade Runner, published by Marvel Comics in 1982.
The first issue was released in December 2011.
The comic primarily depicts Cole's escape from Empire City in the first game to New Marais in the second game.
In addition, Hawk and Dove briefly joined the team, making Hawk its first male member.
A sequel Superman: Last Stand on Krypton was released in 2003.
The first two months of Scarlet Spider titles saw a holographic Scarlet Spider imposter destroy the real Spider's reputation.
The Marvel Age Spider-Man stories were based on early issues that Stan Lee wrote in the 1960s.
The Losers is the name of a war comic book feature published by DC Comics.
It is in a world of fairy tales and mythology featuring a mix of old-fashioned storytelling and more ironic, modern touches.
Pimpa or La Pimpa is an Italian comic strip created by Francesco Tullio Altan, whose main character is a red-spotted female dog.
It was published by Marvel Comics, on June 22, 2005, under their Icon imprint for creator-owned titles.
Girl Comics is the name of two comic-book series published by Marvel Comics and its forerunners, Timely Comics and Atlas Comics.
The group consists of five dogs named Ace, Rex, Jack, Whitey, and Pugsley, and a cat named Orphan.
Besides dreams, the work drew on Woodring's childhood experiences, hallucinations, past alcoholism, and Hindu beliefs.
It is a science fiction series set in the present day, consisting of single-issue, standalone stories.
Both series featured Grifter and Backlash fighting the Kindred.
The second focuses on Buddha's seeking the answers to his existential wonderings.
Following volumes Crossed: Family Values, Crossed 3D, and Crossed: Psychopath were written by David Lapham.
"Age of Apocalypse" is a 1995–1996 comic book crossover storyline published in the X-Men franchise of books by Marvel Comics.
The series is unrelated to the original limited series of the same name — Contest of Champions — published in 1982.
The limited series chronicles the adventures of Kratos, the protagonist of the video game series.
It is part of the Marvel Zombies series.
The story featured the teams New Excalibur and Exiles.
The second and third issues were drawn entirely by Aparo.
The character also made various cameo appearances in other Eightball stories.
The contributors to this title include Craig, John Severin, and Reed Crandall.
The first issue of Hellspawn was published in August 2000.
The New Deadwardians is an eight issue comic book series by Dan Abnett with artwork by I.N.J.
It had a variable cast, pulling from the Justice League membership.
CrossGen had to declare bankruptcy before the series could be finished.
Studios, written by Dan Abnett and Ian Edginton, set in the Warhammer 40,000 Universe.
Yakari has been adapted to a cartoon series on television, a movie was announced.
"Weirdworld" was a fantasy series created by Doug Moench and Mike Ploog for American company Marvel Comics, set in a dimension of magic.
Starstruck is set in an anarchic future in which Humanity spans the universe.
An animated series was created in 1998 that was two seasons long and shown on TFOU TV in France and in Quebec on Radio-Canada.
The series featured a more historically realistic update of Marvel's Western heroes.
The rebels then discover a secret chamber with a large, silver box inside of it.
The protagonist is Sam Hain who, upon discovery of the ancient sword of Satan, is transformed into Natas.
The focus of each version of the series has varied over time but most commonly features team-ups of characters from across the DC Universe.
It was sold only through the direct market.
A preview of its first issue was shown in Fables #50, and the series itself debuted in July 2006.
Originally the book ran for only two issues in 1984 and 1985.
Additional series and graphic novels are planned.
As of 2016 there have been 78 editions.
The story is told from the perspective of Izraell Castillian, an Imperial Guard officer captured and kept as a pet by the Ork Nob Skyva.
Constantine is an ongoing comic book series published by DC Comics, which started in March 2013.
The series was written by David Tischman, with art by Timothy Green II and covers by Tomer Hanuka.
The series began publication in March 2012 by Vertigo.
Tron: The Ghost in the Machine was a six-issue comic book limited series produced by Slave Labor Graphics.
Hate is a comic book by writer-artist Peter Bagge.
: The Black Flame is the fifth trade paperback collection in the B.P.R.D.
From August 2004 to October 2006, Gemstone Publishing published a smaller, digest-sized series of Mickey Mouse Adventures, alongside Donald Duck Adventures.
XIN took many facets of the ancient tale and twists them with a modern sensibility.
Producer Ridley Scott and screenwriter David J. Kelly began pre-production in January 2013.
The Man of Tomorrow title was created to fill the extra week in months with five weeks.
It was launched in 1989 with the popularity of the Batman movie, following on from Frank Miller's Batman: Year One.
Chopper is a horror comic book mini-series written by Martin Shapiro, illustrated by Juan Ferreyra, and published by Asylum Press in 2011.
On April 1, 2012, at the Emerald City ComiCon, Allred announced that iZOMBIE would end as of #28 in August.
Three Days in Europe is a five-issue mini-series by Antony Johnston and Mike Hawthorne, published by Oni Press between November 2002 and April 2003.
It was published by IPC Magazines and was one of their major adventure titles throughout the 1960s and early 1970s.
Kick-Ass 2 is a comic book series by Mark Millar and John Romita Jr.
A third series, The Mask of Night, was announced on March 10, 2014.
The New Teen Titans Volume 2 was retitled The New Titans in December 1988 and was ultimately canceled in February 1996 after 130 issues.
The first issue was released in October 2012.
The 1987 Angel Love Special which wrapped up the series bore a "For Mature Readers" advisory on its cover.
The first issue was released on October 24, 2007, one week away from Halloween that year.
Ric Hochet is a Franco-Belgian comics series created by Tibet and André-Paul Duchâteau.
The second miniseries, The Ascending, was a direct sequel and debuted in October 2007.
The series is written by Len Kaminski and pencilled by Oscar Jimenez and Javier Saltares.
The Flash is an ongoing American comic book series featuring the DC Comics superhero of the same name.
He is able to become the game's hero, Ninjak, but finds that the twelve villains from the game have started appearing in the real world.
Valley was primarily featured between 1992 and 2003, while Lane was the star of a comics series which ran from 2009 to 2011.
The first issue of the series was published on December 5, 2007.
It also named a short-lived eponym comic book series, published in Italy by Edizioni Alpe.
As of 2016, the story of Sonic Disruptors remains unresolved.
The series was written by Greg Pak.
These series were attempts by DC to allow major comics creators a chance to tell stories showcasing these characters without being restricted by DC Universe continuity.
Although it is possible to read the cycles separately, they are chronological to form a coherent whole.
The series consists of single-issue stories based in IDW's Generation 1 fictional universe, each featuring an individual character.
In 1995, a sequel was published called Batman versus Predator II: Bloodmatch.
The main character was a moustached, multi-talented, highly trained secret agent, aptly named Fireball.
Blake and Mortimer is a Belgian comics series created by the Belgian writer and comics artist Edgar P. Jacobs.
Harbinger was one of the best selling Valiant titles with total sales in all languages of over five million comics.
In 2010, it was revived as a magazine-sized comic devoted to stories that grew out of Archie Marries Veronica/Archie Marries Betty.
The comic went through five different volumes and title changes, before the final issue went on sale in August 2014, after a run of seven years.
The series was the second to be launched in 2005 under DC's All-Star imprint, the first being All Star Batman & Robin, the Boy Wonder.
The title originated in 1950 when Harvey Kurtzman suggested to William Gaines that they publish an adventure comic.
Each story is co-plotted by Alan Moore and Peter Hogan.
Eightball has been among the best-selling series in alternative comics.
Each issue had 40 pages and at the end of its run cost £3.99.
The reprint volume included the previously unpublished third issue of Terror Illustrated.
It ran 104 issues, cover-dated May 1940 to August 1949.
DeMatteis and features the artwork of Eduardo Barreto.
The Big Book Of is a series of graphic novel anthologies published by American company DC Comics imprint Paradox Press.
Hunting Ground is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Angel television series.
It tells about the story of a U.S. Army Captain Nick Highroad, as he tries to survive the final days of World War II.
Prior to publication, teaser strips appeared in Popgun volume 2 and Invincible 55.
The second volume deals with the effects of the Black Gas on the mainland.
Brett Booth was the sole writer and artist this time.
The series takes place between Ultimate X-Men issues 69 and 71 and before Ultimates 2 issue 11.
As well, a standalone story in the final issue introduced a robot character that was revived decades later as the Human Robot, a.k.a.
Just like the latter it's a fantasy comic about anthropomorphic animals in a forest setting.
The first appearance of The Maxx was in Primer #5, published by Comico Comics.
Quality published the book from 1949–1957, when it was acquired by DC.
Boiled Angel was an independent comic book by Florida-based underground comic book artist Mike Diana in the early 1990s.
Most of the tales are independent of each other; however Destruction's tale relates to and immediately follows Delirium's.
The comic consists of a surreal and zany parody of Zorro.
Sergio Aragonés Destroys DC is a comic book written by Sergio Aragonés and Mark Evanier and published in 1996.
"Schism" was first announced by senior editor Nick Lowe at a press call on March 4, 2011.
They meet as adults in 1913 and describe and share some of their erotic adventures with each other.
Secrets of Haunted House was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by DC Comics from 1975 to 1982.
As Local went on, it became more of a coming of age story for the lead character.
A followup graphic novel, Street Angel: After School Kung Fu Special, was published in 2017.
Voltron is the name of the robot that the main characters pilot to fight evil in space.
Several recurring characters of the Batman family appear in the story, such as Robin, James Gordon, Barbara Gordon, and Alfred Pennyworth.
Sentinel is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics as part of the Tsunami imprint.
The series chronicles an adventure into which the Storm siblings stumbled during their teenage years in suburban Long Island.
The novel was originally published by Ape Entertainment on February 24, 2010; Dark Horse Comics re-released the novel on August 20, 2014.
Tales of the Unexpected was a science fiction, fantasy and horror comic book series published by DC Comics from 1956 to 1968 for 104 issues.
It contained a number of different comics stories which dealt with a wide variety of subjects.
The series is a quest for the Holy Grail told as a murder mystery.
Kick-Ass 3 is an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics' Icon Comics imprint.
Reign in Hell is a 2008-2009 comic book mini-series written by Keith Giffen, pencilled by Thomas Derenick, inked by Bill Sienkiewicz, and published by DC Comics.
A second volume of Marvel Knights: Spider-Man, written by Matt Kindt, was published as a limited series in late 2013 and early 2014.
The stories often feature the company Weyland-Yutani and the United States Colonial Marines.
Ghostly Haunts was part of a wave of new horror and suspense comics published by Charlton during this period.
The first volume, which contained Issues 1-5, was released in May 2014.
Wayne has to overcome amnesia and "history itself" in order to make his way back to present-day Gotham City and retake his rightful place as Batman.
Phil Jimenez and Jeff Jensen took over writing duties with issue #13, and co-wrote the book until its cancellation.
Jones works as a specialist consultant for "The Pulse" with journalists Ben Urich and Kat Farrell.
The comic book chronicles the adventures of Superboy and a group of superhumans called the Ravers.
An issue in which Stan meets Professor Xavier and Magneto was included with the DVD edition of X-Men: The Last Stand.
The title refers to the inscriptions of the Ingá Stone, located in Paraíba, the author Shiko is originating from this state.
When released, the restoring force combined with the pendulum's mass causes it to oscillate about the equilibrium position, swinging back and forth.
It was written by Steven Grant, and illustrated by Mike Zeck and Mike Vosburg.
Joe: A Real American Hero is a comic book that was published by Marvel Comics from 1982 to 1994.
The series was published in 1991 and written by Jim Starlin with art by Bernie Wrightson.
Another prequel story, A Tale of Two Shifters, appeared in the Fablewood Anthology, published by Ape Entertainment in February 2008.
Schlesinger Library curator Kathryn Allamong Jacob wrote:
The story is an adult adventure-thriller and deals with themes of sexuality and colonial politics.
The first issue is notable for being the first appearance of Override.
Batman is an ongoing American comic book series featuring the DC Comics hero of the same name.
Gold Digger is a comic book series, written and drawn by Fred Perry, and published by Antarctic Press.
This graphic novel was followed by the one-shot comic book Tales of the Slayers: Broken Bottle of Djinn that followed the same concept.
One Editorial Review called the book "Unbreakable or Donnie Darko."
Dated from September 1996 to May 1997, the series was written by Christopher Hinz and illustrated by Tommy Lee Edwards.
I believe this term is a perfect description for the latest addition to the world of graphic artists..."
Eltingville was adapted into a pilot for Cartoon Network's Adult Swim programming block in 2002, but was not picked up for an official series.
In December 1978 the comic merged into the longer running Warlord comic.
Put the Book Back on the Shelf: A Belle & Sebastian Anthology is an anthology comic book published by Image Comics.
While she explores the wonders of an ordinary world she meets an amazing mutant boy and they share a friendship that must overcome their warring families.
The series was conceived by Jordan B. Gorfinkel and originally written by Chuck Dixon.
The series was created as part of DC's Elseworlds line.
Outlaw Nation is an American comic book series originally published by Vertigo Comics from 2000 to 2002, and created by Jamie Delano and Goran Sudzuka.
It was written by Larry Hama between 1989 and 1990, based largely on his success writing the G.I.
This was, in part, the basis for the 2004 Hellboy motion picture directed by Guillermo del Toro.
He can also absorb and control flames and fire, has super human strength and durability.
It is about a man who is killed, in a sense, and is on a journey to save his soul.
Wizard Comics Magazine rated it number 4 in its 2007 top 40 indie comics.
It has sold tens of millions of copies and has been covered by hundreds of artists.
During the planning stage a problem appeared.
In 2003 the artistic responsibility of the series was passed on to Roba's former assistant Laurent Verron.
El Arsenal is a Mexican comic book series, created by writer Salvador Vázquez and artist Daniel Pérez.
It was then relaunched in 2016 with the title The Hellblazer.
Unlike with Season Nine, there were no spin-off series in addition to the two core series.
It was inspired by the British ITV television series The Sandbaggers, which was created and primarily written by Ian Mackintosh.
The comic books had the tagline “Lesbians and Gay Men Put It On Paper!”
Three sequels have followed, in 1991, 1994 and 2001.
From Fabletown with Love was followed up with the mini-series Cinderella: Fables Are Forever in 2011.
Dorian Harewood plays King Tubby, the Rastafarian store owner technician.
Within the Marvel Universe itself, the team is known as the Avengers Unity Squad.
Some of the characters featured were alternate versions of comic icons such as an alternate Superman named Kal-L, who came from a parallel universe called Earth-Two.
Both previous series are based on the television series Voltron.
Joe is a comic book series by IDW Publishing, based upon Hasbro's G.I.
Powerless is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics which ran from 2004 to 2005.
Feature Funnies cannily mixed color reprints of popular newspaper comic strips like Joe Palooka, Mickey Finn and Dixie Dugan with a smattering of new features.
The title proved to be a great success.
It falls into the horror / humor genre.
The interrupted second storyline was illustrated by Danijel Zezelj and Villarrubia.
Imus Champion, an enemy of Hawkeye, the Avengers and Squadron Supreme
The final 1960s issue, Amazing Fantasy #15, is the title that introduced the popular superhero character Spider-Man.
Following the series' cancellation, Swensen was redesigned as the armor-skinned paranormal Chrome, and became a regular character in DP7.
Part of EC's Picto-Fiction line, each magazine featured three to five stories.
Although these characters existed prior to this miniseries, Marvel wished to reintroduce them to the public quickly following the success of Spider-Girl in digest size format.
Following the events of Flashpoint, Earth-2 underwent an additional reiteration.
Akim is the title character of an Italian adventure comic series created by writer Roberto Renzi and illustrator Augusto Pedrazza.
Although the readers' sympathies are assumed to be with the miscreants, the latter are very often shown punished for their actions.
Transmetropolitan chronicles the battles of Spider Jerusalem, infamous renegade gonzo journalist of the future, an homage to gonzo journalism founder Hunter S. Thompson.
The series was written by Tom DeFalco and drawn by Pat Olliffe.
Super Spider-Man and Captain Britain was a weekly comic book magazine published by Marvel UK from July–December 1977.
The series was written by Nick Spencer with artwork by Steve Lieber.
The series ran from March 1991 to July 2004, totalling 40 issues.
Simultaneously disillusioned with contemporary children's literature, he and Anvil artist Frank Hampson created a dummy comic based on Christian values.
The various tie-ins tell Thanos's attack from the perspective of various Marvel characters.
It is based in a world in which Bruce Wayne was never Batman, and the infant Kal-El did not survive long enough to become Superman.
The Secret Service is a 2012 spy comic book series written by Mark Millar and Dave Gibbons.
Superman was a daily newspaper comic strip which began on January 16, 1939, and a separate Sunday strip was added on November 5, 1939.
The Winter Men is an American comic book limited series published by Wildstorm Productions in 2005.
It was later renamed The Unexpected although the numbering continued and it ended at issue #222, in 1982.
As with most comics of the time, Whizzer and Chips was dated one week ahead of the day it actually appeared on newsstands in Great Britain.
The title features Diego Zhao, an Asian American private investigator who goes by the street name of Rush.
Superman: World of New Krypton is a twelve-issue American comic book limited series produced by DC Comics.
It was written by Mark Waid and Alex Ross and painted in gouache by Ross, who also developed the concept from an original idea.
The series were followed in 2014 by the start of a Season Ten line of Buffy and Angel & Faith comics.
In contrast to earlier and contemporary comics, it was aimed primarily at working-class readers under the age of 14, and contained mostly fictional stories.
Hate follows the life of Buddy Bradley, in a continuation of events from Bagge's strip "The Bradleys" from former publications Neat Stuff.
It began publication in 2005 and has been on hiatus since 2008, awaiting the release of its tenth installment.
Treasure Chest was a Catholic-oriented comic book series created by Dayton, Ohio publisher George A. Pflaum and distributed in parochial schools from 1946 to 1972.
The general theme and tone of the series was continued in Bad Signal.
The storyline starts with Legion, a psychotic mutant who traveled back in time to kill Magneto before he can commit various crimes against humanity.
Teddy and the Yeti is an American comic book series created by Jeff McClelland and Duane Readhead.
Like JLE, this team carried a United Nations charter which sanctioned their activities.
It was collected in a revised and recolored hardcover book form as Starstruck Deluxe Edition in 2011.
Here is a list of how the strips came to an end:
Number 28 in the Marvel Treasury Edition series, it is the "spiritual sequel" to 1976's Superman vs. the Amazing Spider-Man.
The story follows the ending of the series Blackest Night and how the aftermath of these events affects the entire DC Universe.
Marvel Feature was the name of two comic book showcase series published by Marvel Comics in the 1970s.
There was also a spinoff of the series named Teen Titans Go!
Cavalcade of Boys is a comic book miniseries by Tim Fish, featuring the lives and loves of several gay characters in America.
The miniseries is a throwback to Wolverine's comic debut in The Incredible Hulk #180-182.
The Complete Peanuts is a series of books containing the entire run of Charles M. Schulz's long-running newspaper comic strip Peanuts.
Jimmy Five and Monica were eventually given their own comic books, hence the title "Monica's Gang."
There are currently nineteen comics, including a special Christmas issue, Xmas Marks the Spot, and fourteen 'behind-the-scenes' comics, named The Pygmy Peril.
Shock Illustrated was an American black and white magazine published by EC Comics from late 1955 to early 1956.
The story involves a soldier and scientist who have escaped from Porton Down and their realisation of what is really going on.
Hopeless Savages is a comic book series created and written by Jen Van Meter, and published by Oni Press.
Alex + Ada centers upon the relationship between a lonely man and an intelligent android.
Threshold is written by Keith Giffen and illustrated by Tom Raney.
Djustine is an Italian comic book series created by Enrico Teodorani.
It was created by actress Rosario Dawson, writer David Atchison and illustrator Tony Shasteen.
In 2008, Telefilm Canada announced that they had funded the property for a possible future film adaptation.
The Justice League, also known as the Justice League of America, is a fictional team of superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Although the Green Lantern is considered a mainstay in the DC Comics stable, the series has been canceled and rebooted several times.
The Outlander series incorporates elements of historical fiction, romance, mystery, adventure and science fiction/fantasy.
It was originally published by American company Gold Key Comics, with Top Cow releasing a number of comics more recently.
The books serve as an epilogue to each of the Ultimate Universe's three core titles, which were all canceled following Ultimatum.
But can they be trusted, or has Heidi lost sight of the truth?"
At a total of 6000 pages, it progressively became more serious and ambitious than its parodic roots—what has come to be dubbed "Cerebus Syndrome".
It was placed in the same universe as Hinz's Paratwa Saga, featured in his trilogy of novels consisting of Liege-Killer, Ash Ock and The Paratwa.
The series was written by John Francis Moore and largely pencilled by Ron Lim.
The House of Mystery is the name of several horror, fantasy, and mystery anthology comic book magazine series published by DC Comics.
Infestation is a comic book crossover published by IDW Publishing, and connecting various of its licensed and original series together.
Like some of Elaine Lee's other work, The Transmutation of Ike Garuda is science fiction of the noir space opera genre.
The story of Wonder Woman: The Blue Amazon is patterned after The Blue Angel and Dr. Mabuse, the Gambler.
Proof is an American comic book series, published by Image Comics and created by writer Alex Grecian and artist Riley Rossmo.
Moore continued to do the covers through issue No.
The Transformers: Generations is a comic book title, published by IDW Publishing.
The series returned from hiatus in December 2005, titled Hard Time: Season Two.
These consisted of complete stories, text stories, and serials.
Throughout its run, it billed itself as "Britain's bubbling new comic!
Not to be confused with Gay Comics, published by Marvel Comics from 1945–1949.
One graphic novel volume made The New York Times Best Seller list in early 2011.
After Black Canary's departure, Huntress remained as the staple member and field leader, alongside new "core members."
Tango is a comics anthology published in |Melbourne, Australia by Cardigan Comics.
The last issue Shaolin Cowboy #7 hit the stands in May 2007, a year after #6 went on sale.
These comics have ranged from being based on the The Real Ghostbusters animated series, to the 1984 film.
Pre-war circulation at its peak was around 800,000 copies per week.
The first phase is full of mystery and adventure.
Both of these series are based on the television series Angel, and were published while the television series was on air.
In spite of this, Hama was able to resolve the storyline early.
The companies paired de Campi, a horror writer at Dark Horse, with Ruiz, a regular Archie artist.
1st Issue Special was an anthology series from DC Comics, done in a similar style to their Showcase series.
Wonder Woman: The Hiketeia is a graphic novel written by Greg Rucka with art by J. G. Jones.
Hyper-Actives is a comic book limited series published by Alias Comics featuring teenaged superheroes.
Fairest details the adventures and stories of Fabletown's female citizens and heroines.
It was adapted into a comic mini-series from Chopra's 2007 novel Buddha: A Story of Enlightenment, with art by Harshvardhan Kadan.
Early issues of Eightball included several additional Lloyd Llewellyn episodes.
Paranormals were detected by a number of means, and were sent to a boot camp separate from non-paranormals.
Superman's Girl Friend, Lois Lane is an American comic book series published monthly by DC Comics.
The Superman Monster is a comic book Elseworlds story, published by DC Comics.
Infinite Crisis #2 was also the top seller in top 300 comics for November 2005 with pre-order sales of 207,564.
Technotise is a Serbian science fiction comic album created by artist Aleksa Gajić and writer Darko Grkinić.
All-New X-Men is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in November 2012, with the launch of Marvel NOW!.
Spirou magazine is a weekly Franco-Belgian comics magazine published by the Dupuis company.
Souls can also "infect" the living, which accounts for the possessed and werewolves and the like.
It was created by writer Robert Rodi and artist Louis Small, Jr.
Marmittone is an Italian comic strip series created by Bruno Angoletta.
This title, along with the others in IDW Publishing's Spotlight series, was collected in the Angel: Spotlight trade paperback.
In the following year, DC Comics also published one extra book: JLA: Secret Origins.
The series is set in CrossGen's Sigilverse shared universe in the Empire of Shinacea, on the planet Hann Jinn.
Pocket God is rated for "mature readers" and "teen and up", currently, due to violence.
Negation was a comic book series published from CrossGen.
It focused on the characters behind the superpowers and their lives rather than missions or action-oriented conflicts seen in most superhero comics.
The series began in October 1993 and lasted 35 issues along with two specials.
Ultimate Wolverine vs. Hulk is a comic book miniseries, published by Marvel Comics.
Among the features published in this series were writer-editor Robert Kanigher and artist Jerry Grandenetti's "Mlle.
The series ran for four issues, and was then revived as Earth 4 in 1993, running for a total of seven more issues.
The first issue was released in December 2009.
published 13 issues and one Super Annual, featuring Dracula stories.
The contents of Gay Comix were generally about relationships, personal experiences, and humor, rather than sex.
Though the title does not change until issue #113 the first issue of the first story arc of The Incredible Hercules appears in issue #112.
Elseworld's Finest: Supergirl & Batgirl is an Elseworlds comic book by Tom Simmons, Matt Haley and Barbara Kesel.
The series was previewed with a #0 in October, 2005, formally launched with #1 in January 2006 and ended with #6 in July.
The cover art work is by Massimo Carnevale.
Comic book jungle girl Rulah makes an appearance in issue 3 and a bondage cover graces issue 13.
A free teaser issue, #0, was published inside Hero Illustrated #9, and not available separately.
It was published by DC Comics in 2003.
Its sister publications were Creepy and Vampirella.
Maxwell Lord is the villain, prefiguring his eventual unmasking as a criminal mastermind out to destroy meta-humans in actual DC continuity years later.
Indiana Jones and the Tomb of the Gods is a Dark Horse Comics limited series based on the fictional archaeologist Indiana Jones.
In 2008 a spin-off series, Monica Teen, was created in a manga style and features the characters as teenagers.
Initially it was a high-quality publication, featuring full-colour art on the cover and on many of the inside pages, and was printed on coated paper.
Issues contain sexually explicit stories and pin-up illustrations by various artists, featuring anthropomorphic animals, and are labeled for sale to adults only.
This would fall within New York's 12th congressional district and the New York City Council's 2nd district.
Meanwhile, we are introduced to Captain Agarn, the elected ruler of the city.
It falls under Marvel's Ultimate Marvel imprint.
The debut of the series followed the events of "Batman R.I.P.
Doodlebug, a slightly surreal tale of a bug in a comic-book world who could draw and remove things with a magic pencil.
Crossing Midnight was an American horror/fantasy comic book series set in contemporary Japan.
It appeared for the first time in 1958 in the children's comic-book magazine Pulgarcito drawn by Francisco Ibáñez.
100 Bullets is an American comic book published by DC Comics under its Vertigo imprint.
Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane is an American comic book series focusing on a teenage Mary Jane, the love interest of superhero Spider-Man.
Flash Comics was an anthology comic book published by All-American Publications and later National Periodicals.
Like Mad, it was a black-and-white magazine intended for newsstand distribution and thus intentionally outside the control of the Comics Code Authority.
In addition, in November 2014, The Transformers: Robots in Disguise changed its title to just The Transformers.
It is written by Garth Ennis, illustrated by Clayton Crain, and was first published under the Marvel Knights imprint of Marvel Comics from 2005 to 2006.
It was the second sequel to the successful Marvel 1602 series, the other sequels being 1602: New World and Spider-Man: 1602.
Michael Moorcock's Multiverse is an American twelve-issue comic book limited series published in 1997 as a part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix.
The Ultimates is a thirteen-issue comic book limited series written by Mark Millar with art by Bryan Hitch.
Its sister publication was Amazing Adventures vol.
Several stories written by Barks and published in Uncle Scrooge were adapted as episodes of DuckTales.
From that moment Bonaventura appeared continuously every week for 26 years, until 1943.
The characters of iZombie first appeared in a short story in the first House of Mystery Halloween Annual.
A fourth four-issue spin-off featuring Illyria, titled Angel: Illyria: Haunted, was released beginning in November 2010.
Everything's Archie was a comic book published by Archie Comics from 1969 to 1991.
Season four began its run on October 3, 2009.
Mickey Mouse leaves Mouseton for Anderville, being involved in the case of his missing young friend Sonny Mitchell.
It is also the longest series to have been produced by the ACK.
Looshkin often plays cruel, sadistic, and nonsensical pranks on Bear, and it is not uncommon for faeces and dismemberment to come into play.
Tiny Titans stars alternate versions of DC Universe characters, primarily those from the Teen Titans series.
It has been published by Antarctic Press, Komikwerks and Desperado Publishing respectively.
The One was a six-issue comic book limited series distributed by Epic Comics in 1985–1986.
Turey El Taíno is a Puerto Rican publication that remains the most long-standing local comic to date.
The Goon is a comic book series written and drawn by Eric Powell.
He is bitten by a genetically altered spider and inherits its powers, including enhanced strength, agility and reflexes.
The Book of Lost Souls was an American comic book series published under the Icon Comics imprint, owned by Marvel Comics.
Rocketo was a comic book series by Frank Espinosa.
Another popular strip, Whacky, debuted in the first edition, albeit initially in a half page format, sharing its space with readers letters.
The bi-monthly comic was published by Bill Gaines.
At least one previous Marvel title had lasted only one issue, though unintentionally.
Marvel also published treasuries under the titles Marvel Special Edition and Marvel Treasury Special as well as a number of one-shots.
In April and November 2014, the Windblade and Drift - Empire of Stone mini-series were also published.
The premise is that aliens have invaded Earth and nearly succeeded in conquering it and stripping it of its resources.
Years after its demise, the title was reprinted in its entirety, and four stories were adapted for television in the HBO's Tales From The Crypt.
Enemies such as Scarecrow, the Joker, Mad Hatter, Poison Ivy and the Riddler, among others, also make appearances.
The series was initially intended to be a television pilot.
The first issue was published May 18, 2011.
The project has technically been on hiatus since then, but as of 2012, Warren Ellis has stated the series will probably not return.
Stormwatch: Team Achilles is an American superhero series, the second incarnation of the Image comics Stormwatch.
The first issue was published in 1976 and the most recent in September 2008, with publication occurring at irregular intervals.
It was first published by Dark Horse Comics in the Fall of 2014 and has been completely published.
The first issue was published in November 2014 by the American company Image Comics.
Blood and Thunder is a five-issue comic book limited series from Boom!
Drawn by John Geering; survived Dandy merger
The story focuses predominantly on the daily lives of the characters and their interactions with one another, as well as their complicated pasts.
It lasted a total of five issues before being cancelled, along with EC's other New Direction comics.
Optic Nerve is a comic book series by cartoonist Adrian Tomine.
With the 2011 relaunch, DC Comics released a second volume of Justice League.
Transformers Universe is the title of several comic book series based on the Transformers series by Hasbro.
It is revealed that the Shulk was 'almost' triumphant in combat against the Maestro.
Frank Espinosa was nominated for three 2006 Eisner Awards, for Best New Series, Best Continuing Series, and Best Cover Artist.
The title is a reference to a line spoken by Lucifer in John Milton's Paradise Lost: "Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven."
Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight, commonly referred to as simply Legends of the Dark Knight is a DC comic book featuring Batman.
The title's inaugural issue holds the honor of containing the very first comic book mentioning of Gotham City.
It was published by WildStorm, an imprint of DC Comics.
The series published a mix of original and reprinted stories.
At this time there are no plans to correct this error.
Ruse is a comic book featuring detectives Simon Archard and Emma Bishop.
Konga is a 1961 British/American international co-production science fiction horror film directed by John Lemont and starring Michael Gough, Margo Johns and Austin Trevor.
It is produced by Joss Whedon, who wrote or co-wrote three of the series arcs and several one-shot stories.
At least one of the stories—including the aforementioned "serious" one—was often but not always 10 pages long, rather than the usual five or six pages.
It was written and penciled by Jim Starlin and inked by Al Milgrom.
Four volumes have been released, beginning in May 2009.
One notable later strip featured the BBC comedians The Goodies.
The series was written by Stan Lee himself and is used to celebrate his 65th year as a Marvel Comics employee.
Menace was a 1953 to 1954 American crime/horror anthology comic book series published by Atlas Comics, the 1950s precursor of Marvel Comics.
The promotional tagline, "Science is the new Rock-N-Roll", exemplifies this.
Tintin magazine was part of an elaborate publishing scheme.
Taking place in Marvel's main shared universe, the Marvel Universe, the series was written by Christopher Yost, with pencils by Dustin Weaver.
It became a regular 32-page book in the mid-1970s while still keeping "Giant" in the title.
The Undertaker comics were a short series of celebrity comics comic book adaptations of the professional wrestler, The Undertaker.
Gear is a six-issue comic book limited series written and illustrated by Doug TenNapel.
The Abomination smashes back into the tunnel only to find Shulk near death.
Akiko was created while Crilley was teaching English in Japan in December 1992.
is a song written in October 1962, with lyrics by Noël Regney and music by Gloria Shayne Baker.
Wanted is a comic book limited series written by Mark Millar, with art by J. G. Jones.
After "Wildcats: Armageddon", Nemesis recruits Savant and Backlash to help her try to stop the end of the world.
Another feature, Mr. and Mrs. Spider-Man, written by Tom DeFalco, took place within Marvel's MC2 continuity.
Both were published by Marvel Comics under the Ultimate Marvel imprint.
The Aldebaran saga is divided into 3 cycles: Aldebaran and its sequels Betelgeuse and Antares.
It is also notable for early work by Marvel writers such as Peter David and Kurt Busiek.
Batman: Holy Terror is an Elseworlds one-shot comic published by DC Comics in 1991.
This often leads them to their adventures.
It was the first collaboration of Azzarello and artist Eduardo Risso, which subsequently led to a successful and longstanding pairing on 100 Bullets.
In 2016, a second monthly comic book series was launched by DC Comics as the second volume of the series.
Henry Lyme, the former top agent, has gone rogue and is working to dismantle the organization.
Mort & Phil is one of the most popular Spanish comics series, published in more than a dozen countries.
The Pitt is a 1987 one-shot comic book written by John Byrne and Mark Gruenwald, and illustrated by Sal Buscema and Stan Drake.
Bendis has noted that Secret War is connected to the "Secret Invasion" storyline, in which Skrulls have infiltrated several institutions of Earth.
Marvel Team-Up is the name of several American comic book series published by Marvel Comics.
The comic explores what happens to superheroes and supervillains who irrevocably lose their powers, and deals with the notions of death and loss.
Critics have praised its comedy as well as the empowering portrayal of Squirrel Girl.
All matter that is swallowed by the mighty gravitational pull of a black hole is reduced to a singularity, the size of an atom.
Micro Dot, a girl who consulted her BBC Micro for advice.
The mini-series was followed by the Beast Wars: The Ascending mini-series in October 2007.
These strips ran continuously until May 1966.
It tells the story of a young boy who has the potential to become the world's greatest magician.
The Price, published by Eclipse Comics, is a Dreadstar graphic novel featuring Syzygy Darklock.
Running 14 issues, it was the first of Fawcett's supernatural line; a string of titles which included Beware!
With Superman: Secret Origin, it has been assumed this story arc is not in continuity anymore as of 2010.
The series is written by Christopher Yost with artwork by a rotating team of artists including David Lopez, Paolo Rivera, and Marco Checchetto.
Ultimate Six is a seven-issue comic book limited series and crossover between Spider-Man and the Ultimates, featuring the Ultimate Marvel version of the Sinister Six.
The first issue of Albedo was published in 1983; the most recent issue was published in 2005.
The premise of the book was similar to that of DC's original Showcase and DC Comics Presents series.
The first issue was published March 12, 2008.
The series was yet again reprinted in the collection Tall Tales, released in August 2010.
The story focuses on the Punisher's final days in a post-apocalyptic future.
The plot revolves around an odd girl named Scarlett, who lives in a graveyard and seeks revenge on those who have wronged her.
It takes place chronologically between the Kick-Ass comic book series and the Kick-Ass 2 comic book series.
It revealed much of the back story for the character Cable, much of which had been implied before, but was still shrouded in mystery and uncertainty.
The title character was based on Lady Penelope Creighton-Ward, the secret agent seen in the television series Thunderbirds.
The book collects strips published in various publications from before the Peepshow series started.
Supergod is a 5-issue comic book limited series created by Warren Ellis, published by Avatar Press, with art by Garrie Gastonny.
Due to a series of computer difficulties the series was placed on hiatus.
A one-shot titled Brutes, Bims and the City was released February, 2008.
It was originally planned as a five-issue limited series, but it ceased publication after issue #2.
It was written by Mike Carey and illustrated by Jim Fern and Eric Nguyen, with covers by J. H. Williams III.
It is written by Brett Lewis, whose previous work includes The Winter Men, and is illustrated by several members of Imaginary Friends Studios.
Steampunk was a steampunk/fantasypunk comic book series by artist Chris Bachalo and writer Joe Kelly, published by Wildstorm Comics' Cliffhanger imprint.
Scary Tales was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1975 to 1984.
Of particular note, popular Archie character Katy Keene made her first appearance in Wilbur Comics #5.
The series shows 16 young heroes from the Marvel Universe and pit them against each other in a kill-or-be-killed, reality-show-like scenario on Murderworld run by Arcade.
Baldo is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Luciano Bottaro.
The Witchblade comic was adapted into a television series in 2001, as well as an anime, a manga and a novel in 2006.
In the story, Superman and Spider-Man must stop a world domination / destruction plot hatched in tandem by their respective arch-nemeses, Lex Luthor and Doctor Octopus.
It was published in the comics magazine Il Giornalino from 1971 to 1992 for a total of 164 episodes.
The comic was based on a canceled LucasArts video game, a sequel to Fate of Atlantis.
Back in the past, the rebels are saved by the appearance of the Abomination, who takes the rebels and homeless underground with him.
Most of the time, however, the stories in Dracula Lives!
Batman and the Mad Monk is an American comic book limited series, featuring the DC Comics superhero Batman published in 2006-2007.
In 1929, Hergé created the character of Tintin for the new story, Tintin in the Land of the Soviets, which would be largely based on Totor.
It’s not intellectual, it doesn’t need a manifesto.
Other features included literary adaptations and such typical comics fare as funny animal humor strips.
The comic debuted with FantaCo in 1981, and in 1985 was revived by Eclipse, where it ran for fourteen issues until 1987.
The series began publication in March 2012.
It was written by Ed Brubaker and Greg Rucka, with pencils initially by Michael Lark.
Galaxion is a science fiction comic book and webcomic series written and drawn by Canadian Tara Tallan.
Weirdo is a magazine-sized comics anthology created by Robert Crumb and published by Last Gasp from 1981 to 1993.
Superboy and the Ravers is an American comic book series that ran for 19 issues, from September 1996 to March 1998.
Both men have written comics and together co-founded the private magical order known as The Moon and Serpent Grand Egyptian Theatre of Marvels.
The comic claimed to depict "True War Exposes".
Secret Origins is the title of several comic book series published by DC Comics which featured the origin stories of the publisher's various characters.
It was written by Karl Kesel with artwork provided by Tom Grummett.
On 17 September 2008, a new website by ACK-media was launched.
Created by artist Louis Salverius and writer Raoul Cauvin, the series was taken up by artist Willy Lambillotte after Salverius' death.
The series is unrelated to the earlier Bad City Blue featuring Button Men in 2000 AD #468-479.
Queen & Country is an American comic book published by Oni Press and written by Greg Rucka with various artists illustrating.
Artists included Cynthia Martin, Joe Staton, Shawn McManus, and Luke McDonnell.
The Lupo Alberto strips are especially popular among teenagers, and have spawned a rich merchandising franchise including such items as school diaries and greeting cards.
Beginning with #19 each issue of Eightball has been devoted to a single storyline, as opposed to the more eclectic format of the earlier issues.
Valor was reprinted as part of publisher Russ Cochran's Complete EC Library in 1988.
Heroes for Hope: Starring the X-Men is a 1985 Marvel comic book designed to raise awareness about hunger in Africa.
The Dreaming is a fictional place, a comic book location published by DC Comics.
Alpha Girl is an American five issue comic book series written by Jean-Paul Bonjour and Jeff Roenning., published by Image Comics from February 2012.
Spyman is a fictional character, a short-lived comic book superhero published by Harvey Comics' Harvey Thriller imprint in the mid-1960s.
A trade paperback volume collecting the entire series was published in October 2008.
The series was Bagge's first one-man comics anthology.
Copperhead returned to the stands with issue 11 on March 8, 2017.
Sleeper was a comic book series written by Ed Brubaker with art by Sean Phillips, published by DC Comics under their Wildstorm imprint.
The complete series of Über is scheduled to comprise up to 60 issues.
Editors Pat Masulli and George Wildman both had long tenures in charge of the title.
Remains is about a post-apocalyptic world overrun with flesh-eating zombies.
The plot often works to establish a theme of different versions of normalcy, promoting acceptance and diversity.
It was published in six issues by Fireman Press Ltd, a production company and publishing house.
Anderville is a deceiving city, full of criminals.
The series examined the life of superheroes and villains in and around a chain of coffee shops called Common Grounds.
It depicts the course of events in a team of young mutants' lives.
The series was written by Tom DeFalco and drawn by Pat Olliffe.
The comic strips included the uncredited work of industry regulars such as Roy Wilson and George and Reg Parlett.
It was created by Neil Gaiman and the first three issues were written by Wendi Lee, with art by Greg Boone.
All the stories were written by Tony Bedard and expand the universe created in the main Negation series.
The first series ran for 110 issues from 1951 to 1966, with a further seven issues continuing the numbering during a 1980s revival of the title.
In 2004, Loeb and Sale produced a follow-up titled Catwoman: When in Rome, focusing on Catwoman's movements in Italy.
Infamous is a 2011 comic book series based on the video game of the same name published by DC Comics in association with Sucker Punch Productions.
The Untold Legend of the Batman is a three-issue Batman comic book miniseries published by DC Comics in 1980.
Paul Pelletier was the artist for most of the issues, with an occasional fill-in artist on some issues.
It is also the title of a British comics digest.
It was published in trade paperback form in October 2012.
Moore himself contributed an eight-page story called "The Mirror of Love", with Steve Bissette and Rick Veitch providing art.
The Wizard was relaunched on 14 February 1970, and continued until 10 June 1978, by which time 1,970 issues had been produced.
It has been licensed by Tokyopop for English distribution with the first volume being released 1 July 2007.
For this purpose, powers over the five classical elements have been given to them.
Justice Riders is a 1997 Elseworlds prestige format one-shot, from DC Comics, written by Chuck Dixon, with art by J.H.
Dinosaurs for Hire is an American comic book series created by Tom Mason in 1988.
The stories combine elements of comedy, fantasy, and science fiction, such as talking animals, time travel and ghosts.
While the series was intended to be complete, there is some material missing.
It was released 30 March 2005, sold out, and quickly went to a second printing.
Poison Elves is a black-and-white comic book by the late artist/writer Drew Hayes, concerning the life and times of an elf named Lusiphur.
This title, along with the others in IDW Publishing's Spotlight series, was collected in the Angel: Spotlight trade paperback.
It was the first major ongoing spin-off series for Spider-Man, being preceded only by the short-lived The Spectacular Spider-Man magazine.
This comic book was released as a lead-in story to the Iron Man 2 film.
Assassin's Creed: The Fall is an American comic book mini-series, consisting of three issues, published by Wildstorm.
The series will feature a rotation of writers, including Nick Spencer on the first story arc, and art by Shawn Martinbrough.
Top 100 Graphic Novels named it as the 84th best comic ever made.
They were three-dimensional because they were presented in Anaglyph 3-D. Two 3-D viewers were included with each issue.
The only other pre-story Mario is within the animated and live action series relating to Donkey Kong.
Covers for the series are drawn by Ryan Sook.
The origin of the comic dates back to 2006 when the comic simply titled '68 was published.
The story was originally published as a three-issue miniseries and was later included in both trade paperback and hardcover collections.
It featured Archie Andrews in adventure stories that were more dramatic than the standard Archie tales.
Jim is a comic book series by Jim Woodring.
Boys' Ranch was a six-issue American comic book series created by the veteran writer-artist team of Joe Simon and Jack Kirby for Harvey Comics in 1950.
As they fight for their countries, the horror of the war wears upon their soul and sanity.
Issue #1 was dated June 8, 2005.
The book was dedicated to stories with shock endings, and was seen as a toned down, Comics Code era version of EC's earlier Shock SuspenStories.
Alien Encounters is an American science fiction anthology comic book published by FantaCo Enterprises and then Eclipse Comics.
Over a 14-month span, the comic ran for seven issues, starting in March 1954 with issue #23 and ending with issue #29 in May/June 1955.
In August 2014, the Russian publisher "Комильфо" bought the rights to publishing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in Russia, Ukraine and Belarus.
The first issue of Copperhead was published on September 10, 2014, to positive reviews and a sold-out first printing.
Writers Gerry Conway, Roy Thomas and artist Dan Jurgens created the series.
The Dark Tower: The Fall of Gilead is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.
It also featured concept art and interviews.
The story follows the adventures of a unit of New Jersey National Guard in "Afbaghistan", a fictional Middle Eastern country.
It is a fantasy story set in modern-day about a young woman named Dara Brighton seeking revenge on a trio of siblings with unique abilities.
was an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that was released in July 2013, as part of the company's Marvel NOW!
The story is set on a massive ocean liner which has been transported to some sort of parallel world with no land or landmarks.
The Superman Chronicles: Volume Two collects material from Action Comics #14–20, and Superman #2–3; February 2007; ISBN 978-1-4012-1215-5
Marvel Fanfare is the title of two comic book series published by Marvel Comics.
It was published between 1975 and 2001.
The Dark Tower: Battle of Jericho Hill is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.
The series continues the adventures of the Ultimates, including Nick Fury, Thor and Iron Man.
The series is published by Ronin Studios.
Although "Road to Damnation" was the title of the story, the title of the book was simply Ghost Rider when it was first published.
The series was produced by John Woo, written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Jeevan Kang.
Fearless is four-issue limited series is written by Mark Sable and David Roth, with art by PJ Holden, and is published by Image Comics.
Ninja High School is a comic book series created, written, and illustrated by Ben Dunn, and currently published by Antarctic Press.
This is its trademarked cover title for all but its first nine issues, though the series is copyrighted in its postal indicia as simply Fear.
The title is a reference to Victor Hugo's novel The Man Who Laughs, whose main character was one of the original inspirations for the Joker.
Although its title was based on the classic House of Secrets series that ran from 1956 to 1976, it was an otherwise unrelated series.
Beginning with issue #145, Josie began making semi-regular appearances, with art by Dan DeCarlo.
The story deals with a love affair between a Buddhist monk and a fox spirit or kitsune.
The larger format allowed the interior artists to "stretch out" a bit more.
After an initial launch the series underwent a re-design and revamp by writer Eric Stephenson and the addition team Chris Sprouse and Al Gordon.
Secret War is a 2004–2005 five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.
It was published for 20 issues until it was renamed Avengers Spotlight with issue #21.
It was also the first comic series to be based on The Shooting Gallery film.
A reboot was announced in May 2015.
In 2006, The Killing Joke was reprinted as part of the trade paperback DC Universe: The Stories of Alan Moore.
It is set in the earliest days of the Jedi Order, beginning in 36,453 BBY.
The series was revived for a third volume by writer Geoff Johns and artist Francis Manapul after the completion of the Blackest Night event in 2010.
It was written by Brian Holguin and illustrated by various artists, including pencillers Angel Medina and Clayton Crain with inker Kevin Conrad.
Marvel Two-In-One is an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics featuring Fantastic Four member, the Thing, in a different team-up each issue.
The setting, Xanadu University, was a tie-in with the Charlton series E-Man.
It is part of the Marvel Zombies series.
The Haunt of Fear was sold at newsstands beginning with its May/June 1950 issue.
Shock SuspenStories was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s.
Despite its short lifespan, Action was highly influential on the British comics scene, and was a direct forerunner of the long-running 2000 AD.
It features a military unit, Force Nomad, similar to the French Foreign Legion.
Ex Machina is an American creator-owned comic book series created by Brian K. Vaughan and Tony Harris, and published by DC Comics under the Wildstorm imprint.
It was written by Howard Mackie and inked by Andrew Pepoy, with a series of different pencilers.
This short work tells the story of the environmental, social and political issues surrounding the construction of the controversial Narmada.
Frederic Mullally began his career in the 1940s as a journalist, and by the time of Wicked Wanda he had already become a successful novelist.
X-Men was a comic book ongoing series published by Marvel Comics featuring its namesake superhero team.
The two groups are at war with each other which is fought over a vast ocean that separates the two.
The series details the adventures which Kaine and the rest had in Negation space.
Vampire Tales was a black-and-white horror-comics magazine series published by Curtis Magazines in the 1970s, featuring vampires as both protagonists and antagonists.
The book centers around a group of 20-somethings in modern-day New York City, though the story quickly expands to other parts of America and the world.
Star Trek is a comic book series by IDW Publishing, based on the Star Trek science fiction entertainment franchise created by Gene Roddenberry.
It was replaced by The Superior Spider-Man as part of the Marvel NOW!
For its first six issues, it featured reprints of old war comics, followed by two issues of reprints of Sgt.
The plot intertwines several storylines that eventually meet in the end.
The series was written by Matt Cherniss & Peter Johnson and penciled by artist Michael Gaydos.
However, the comic books do not simply revolve around the stories of Monica and her friends.
Part of EC's Picto-Fiction line, each magazine featured three to five stories.
It won the Eisner Award for "Best Title for Younger Readers/Best Comics Publication for a Younger Audience" in both 2002 and 2003.
Hicks joined the project after discovering Ellie's role in the game, considering her an unusual character to include in a survival horror game.
Bad Boy is a one-shot comic book by Frank Miller and Simon Bisley.
A third incarnation began in April 2011, released in print form once again.
Transformers: Generation One was a Dreamwave Productions comic book series, consisting of two 6-issue limited series and an ongoing title.
Rock 'N' Roll Comics was a comic book series published by Revolutionary Comics from 1989 to 1993.
It makes heavy reference to the works of Beatrix Potter.
Gim Toro is an Italian comic book series created by Andrea Lavezzolo and Edgardo Dell'Acqua.
The Argentinean series ran out of the Italian stories and began shooting new adventures that lasted until the 1980s.
Tiger was a British comic magazine published from 1954 to 1985.
Tammy was a weekly British comic for girls published by Fleetway in London from 1971 to 1984, at which point it merged with Girl.
The story of X-Men: The End continues in the 2008 GeNext mini-series, then again in the 2009 mini-series, GeNext: United.
Written by Keith Champagne with art by Scott McDaniel, that ran for four weeks in December 2007.
Cages is a story about artists, belief, creativity and cats, illustrated in a stripped-down pen and ink style.
comic series, and in 2014 the Hellboy and the B.P.R.D.
First issue of the series, "Lungo fucile" was published by the Italian publisher CEPIM.
Set outside the continuity of the DC Universe, the series was written by Doug Moench with artwork provided by Jim Baikie.
Night Mary is a horror comic book limited series published by American company IDW Publishing in 2005, created by Rick Remender and Kieron Dwyer.
It was a popular comic for boys throughout its publication.
The book was "hosted" by Countess R.H.
In late 2015, The Amazing Spider-Man was relaunched again with a new volume with issue #1 following the 2015 Secret Wars event.
The story follows him as he grows up and leaves to establish his own life.
The Sandman is the pseudonym of several fictional characters appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
The central character, Andrew "Ender" Wiggin, is one of the child soldiers trained at Battle School to be the future leaders of the protection of Earth.
The plot synopsis revolved around the eponymous Totor, a Belgian boy scout who travels to visit his aunt and uncle in Texas, United States.
The story concerns John "Proof" Prufrock, a sasquatch, who works for a secret government organization.
It is released as part of a double bill alongside an unrelated franchise title Aliens Vs.
It is airing in 2016 on Unis.
It was written by Dwayne McDuffie and illustrated by Scott Kolins.
Weird Fantasy is a science fiction anthology comic that was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s.
As well, the first eight issues were written completely by Atlas editor-in-chief Stan Lee, the future architect of Marvel Comics' rise as a pop-cultural phenomenon.
It was created in 1983 for the magazine Robbedoes and was published until 2002.
Written by Superman co-creator Jerry Siegel, the series lasted seven issues before being cancelled.
Morris edited a Southport parish magazine called The Anvil, but felt that the church was not communicating its message effectively.
Civil War: X-Men is a four-issue comic book mini-series, published in 2006 by Marvel Comics.
Death of the New Gods was an eight-issue comic book limited series published in 2007 and 2008 by DC Comics.
In 1935, the mantle of Rupert artist and storyteller was taken over by Alfred Bestall, who was previously an illustrator for Punch and other glossy magazines.
Police Comics was a comic book anthology title published by Quality Comics from 1941 until 1953.
X-Men: First Class is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics starring the original X-Men.
His experience also shows in the realistic treatment of military life and operations.
Versions were published by Marvel UK and NOW Comics.
Which was published by Fawcett Comics from winter 1940 to August 1948.
The title returned to its old title and numbering when Ben Reilly took on the Spider-Man name.
The story takes place during the events of Dark Victory, between Valentine's Day and Labor Day.
Yakari is a Franco-Belgian comic book series, aimed at a younger audience, written by Job and illustrated by Derib, both from Switzerland.
The first issue marked the first appearance of Mitchell Black as The Peacemaker as well as the first appearance of super-villain Avatar
Volume 3, which highlighted the "Quest for the Broken Blade", was officially released on March 31, 2015.
Kaluta, an esteemed veteran of comics and illustration, is often commended for the virtuosity and imaginative detail of his artwork.
The book was "hosted" by Professor Coffin and his niece Arachne.
In addition to these three main publishers, there have also been several other smaller publishers with varying degrees of success.
DC announced Hard Time's cancellation in March 2006.
Primal Force is a comic book series which was published by DC Comics from October 1994 to December 1995 and ran fifteen issues.
His "secret identity" is a state secret.
In addition to reprints, each issue had several original works.
Odd Ball bursts because he hides inside a thorn bush.
In all, 19 issues were published by Image before the series moved to Dark Horse, where a further 19 were published before the title ended.
The book was released as a weekly online and newspaper series, and was published in its entirety by Doubleday in 2002.
The Tomb of Dracula is a horror comic book series published by Marvel Comics from April 1972 to August 1979.
Written and drawn by John Byrne, the series was presented in six issues which were inked by Dick Giordano.
After it was cancelled due to poor sales, two of its stories were concluded in Crisis.
The series debuted in July, 2006 and is set during the same time frame as The Transformers: Infiltration.
In June 2013, Mouse Guard: The Black Axe, a prequel which deals with Celenawe's earlier life, was published.
The cover of the compilation is by Gilbert Hernandez, the back cover by Jaime.
The series was collected as a hardback and eventually a softcover trade paperback by DC Comics in 2005.
StarCraft is a comic book series by Wildstorm, based upon Blizzard Entertainment's StarCraft video game.
The story begins a few weeks after the end of Future Imperfect with a small group of the Gravity Police wandering outside of the city.
The series was released simultaneously in printed comic book and motion comic forms, making it the first original motion comic released by a major publisher.
The story is set in the continuity of the Beast Wars CG animated series.
In it, the citizens of Astro City ponder the functions and motivations of superpowered individuals, and their overall positions within the community.
The cover of the compilation is by Jaime Hernandez, the back cover by Gilbert.
My Greatest Adventure was a DC Comics comic book that began in 1955 and is best known for introducing the superhero team Doom Patrol.
Lost Boys: Reign of Frogs is a four-issue comic book mini-series that was released from May to August 2008.
Doctor Gorpon is a 1991 three-issue comic book mini-series published by Malibu Comics, created by Marc Hansen.
He tries his best to divide himself from the military's control, but finds they are not willing to grant such an essential technical asset freedom.
National and All-American shared some ownership and advertised and co-branded their comics as if they were one company.
A hardcover "Marvel Premiere Edition" was released on July 18, 2007, compiling all five issues.
The story takes place before the formation of The Justice League.
Nowhere Men is a comic book series written by Eric Stephenson.
During this time, a new series was published by Marvel UK consisting of 129 issues and was also published for three years.
JLA: Created Equal is a two-issue DC Elseworlds series published in 2000.
The title was a companion to Kurtzman's comic book Two-Fisted Tales.
Resistance is a comic book limited series published by Wildstorm, based on the Resistance video game series.
In unison with the comic at the time, the front cover usually featured Korky the Cat.
After an initial preview issue in September 1998, the series ran for 27 issues from April 1999 to October 2009.
The imprint was changed to Dark Horse Heroes shortly after its completion.
The series began publication on May 1, 2012, as Thrillbent's launch title.
Jughead's Double Digest was an American comic digest magazine published by Archie Comics.
American Vampire is an American Eisner Award-winning comic book series created by writer Scott Snyder and drawn by artist Rafael Albuquerque.
The brainchild of creator Trainor Houghton, the series included a number of notable script writers and illustrators, including Len Wein, Glen Orbik and Howard Chaykin.
Together the pair form the female part of the classic love triangle which has become a staple of the comic series since 1942.
The plot centers on a series of murders involving Gotham City police officers by a mysterious serial killer only known as the Hangman.
Priest then suggested they use the artist of that series, Mark Bright.
Low is an ongoing American post-apocalyptic science fiction comics series written by Rick Remender and drawn by Greg Tocchini.
The first issue was published May 19, 2010.
It reprints selected Spider-Man stories and material from the American comic books.
Avengers: Celestial Quest is an eight-issue comic book limited series published from November 2001 to June 2002 by Marvel Comics.
The rebels disarm the Police and give the guns to the homeless, but one of the rebels, Char, is shot in the process.
The first issue was published in April 2004, and though intended originally as a bimonthly publication, it faced long delays.
However, after issue 20, stories of different lengths started to appear.
"Shattered Heroes" is a comic book branding that ran through a number of books published by Marvel Comics.
The series features Mort, the tall, bald master of disguise named after mortadella, and his bossy partner, the shorter, pudgier Phil Pi.
Unlike the bleak post-apocalyptic world of Templesmith's previous work, Singularity, Wormwood is a lighter series which combines humor and horror.
Starting in November, 2013, it has been republished by IDW with new colors and improved scans of the original artwork by Sam Kieth and Jim Sinclair.
The script is by Robin Furth, pencils/inks by Tony Shasteen, colors by Nei Ruffino & JD Mettler, and lettering by Bill Tortolini.
The Schoolgirls' Own was a British weekly story paper aimed at girls.
One additional interesting item about this title is that it twice skipped in its numbering.
Bestall proved to be successful in the field of children's literature and worked on Rupert stories and artwork into his 90s.
Set 2,000 years into a mythical future, the world as we know it has been destroyed in a catastrophe and its magnetic field distorted.
Two sequels appeared some years later, written and drawn by Baikie.
Since November 2013 Ninjak has appeared in the series Unity, written by Matt Kindt.
Legionnaires 3 is a four-issue comic book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986, the second limited series to feature the Legion of Super-Heroes.
It was written and pencilled by Jim Starlin.
Front covers were by Wally Wood, Reed Crandall, Bernard Krigstein and George Evans.
A trade paperback collection of the three issues was released on September 3, 2008.
A new book in the series is released every six months, each containing two years of strips.
In 2013 Valiant Entertainment began publishing a re-imagined version of the characters written by James Asmus with art by Tom Fowler.
Think Tank is a comic book limited series created by writer Matt Hawkins and artist Rahsan Ekedal.
Avataars: Covenant of the Shield is a three-issue comic book mini-series, published by Marvel Comics in 2000.
Because of postal regulations, the title debuted as Sweethearts #68, a numerical continuation of Fawcett's Captain Midnight which ended with issue #67.
The protagonists are the X-Men, a group of mutants whose unusual genetics grant them superpowers which set them apart from the rest of humanity.
The title showcased other members of the Archie gang, such as Betty and Veronica, Jughead and Reggie.
The first issues appeared in the papers of Produkt magazine and since 2004 it has been published separately by Niezależna Prasa.
Fire was originally a two-issue creator-owned comic book mini-series written and drawn by Brian Michael Bendis and published by Caliber Comics.
Lemire's Sweet Tooth collaborator José Villarrubia is the colorist.
However, the other characters get sidetracked and do not respond to her suggestion.
It was created by Carol Lay and published by Fantagraphics and then Rip Off Press.
Superman is an ongoing American comic book series featuring the DC Comics superhero of the same name.
Magneto and his family, the House of M, rule the world from the island of Genosha.
This arc, the first story from that title, tells the story of Superman’s first encounter with kryptonite.
Mendy and the Golem, originally written by Leibel Estrin and later by Matt Brandstein, is the name of two American comic book series featuring Jewish characters.
Confessions Illustrated was edited by Al Feldstein.
The series stars five young soldiers who are recruited to find the title character in deep space, and to use Voltron to defend the galaxy.
However, the process would also ensure that the empowered humans would die within a year of being empowered.
Despite favorable reviews from critics, the series ended in December 2013 after thirteen issues due to poor sales.
Starring the X-Men, this series celebrates the 30th anniversary of Giant-Size X-Men #1.
They also produced an equivalent at Marvel Comics, called Sergio Aragonés Massacres Marvel.
It premiered in July of 2013 and ran until October of 2014 with a total of eight issues
Dragon's Claws is a dystopian science fiction comic book, published by Marvel Comics, as well as the eponymous law enforcers known as Dragon's Claws.
The Fox and the Crow are a pair of anthropomorphic cartoon characters created by Frank Tashlin for the Screen Gems studio.
It helped inspire nonviolent protest movements around the Southern United States, and later in Latin America, South Africa, the Middle East, and elsewhere.
Beast Wars: The Gathering is a four-issue comic book mini-series, published by IDW Publishing.
2020 Visions is a science-fiction comic book written by Jamie Delano and drawn by four artists.
The Transformers: Escalation is a six-issue comic book mini-series, published by IDW Publishing, based on the Transformers and following on from The Transformers: Infiltration.
It was at first published by Eternity Comics.
The Starstruck creator-owned illustrated science fiction serial has been produced at various intervals since 1982 by writer Lee and artist Michael Wm.
New covers, on all but three issues, were by Herb Trimpe, John Severin and Gil Kane, among others.
Which add to the comic series, art style variation, from chapter to chapter, showing atmosphere changes along with the plot.
The story contains a western crime noir narrative, and a setting and structure inspired by Bollywood movies.
It is written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Jacen Burrows.
Each issue featured a complete story, beginning on 1 September 1958 with "Fight Back to Dunkirk" and finishing 26 years later with "Wings of the Fleet".
It is also the name of the protagonist of the series.
X-Men: The Hidden Years was a comic book series set in the Marvel Comics universe, which starred the company's popular superhero team, the X-Men.
The Abomination had joined her in later battles, and they were defeated each time.
The new guardians are Will, Irma, Taranee, Cornelia, and Hay Lin, whose initials form the title acronym "W.I.T.C.H.
The title characters square off after Wolverine is contracted by Nick Fury to assassinate the Hulk, who is known to be residing in Tibet.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight is a comic book series published by Dark Horse Comics from 2007 to 2011.
All-New X-Factor is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics which debuted in January 2014, as part of the All-New Marvel NOW!
JLA: The Nail is a three-issue comic book mini-series published by DC Comics in 1998 under its Elseworlds imprint.
Cruz, Buddy Gernale, Alex Niño, Frank "Quico" Redondo, Nestor Redondo, and Ruben Yandoc.
Weird Fantasy was a sister title published during the same time frame.
The final printed edition was issued on 4 December 2012, the comic's 75th anniversary, after sales slumped to 8,000 a week.
El Cazador was written by Chuck Dixon and pencilled by Steve Epting.
Produced by Brandon Peterson the artwork is a blending of traditional and computer-enhanced techniques.
Ghostly Haunts was an American horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1971 to 1978.
Most noted is the predominantly female cast, portrayed by Lee with a range and nuance that confounds gender stereotypes.
Justice League: Generation Lost was a year-long comic book limited series that premiered July 2010.
The group appeared sporadically in reprints via The Brave and the Bold and DC Super-Stars over the next three years, which revived interest in the group.
It was labeled "for mature adults only", and illustrated in a "deco sci-fi" style.
Everything's Archie was cancelled because the Archies were fading at the character's 50th anniversary.
Tintin was also available bound as a hardcover or softcover collection.
It ran twice a month for 24 issues, alternating with Brightest Day, which was written by Geoff Johns and Peter Tomasi.
The book is notable for its graphic and darkly humorous take on the extermination business.
A total of four characters from DC's roster of superheroes appeared in each issue — hence the title.
Issue #8 was published in two editorially identical editions, one magazine-sized, one tabloid-sized.
Occasionally, it satirises current events and politicians, but has no particular political standpoint.
The series launched in November 2006 and ended in April 2007.
IR$ is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Stephen Desberg, illustrated by Bernard Vrancken and published by Le Lombard in French and Cinebook in English.
The Batman Chronicles is a series of comics published by DC Comics from 1995 to 2001, which lasted 23 quarterly issues and a series of collections.
The series was written by Marv Wolfman and illustrated by George Pérez, Mike DeCarlo, Dick Giordano and Jerry Ordway.
In June 23, 2008, Guinness World Records formally recognized it as the longest running comic series based on a video game.
The series is published by Dark Horse Comics and previously by Image Comics.
The Southern Squadron, a superhero team created by David de Vries with art by de Vries, Gary Chaloner and Glen Lumsden.
The primary plot elements of the story are retellings of the origins of several Batman characters.
As such, much of Brath's diegesis is akin to films like Gladiator and Braveheart.
The series was first launched as a five issue miniseries in 2008 and was followed by a second five-issue miniseries, Death of the Party, in 2011.
The series was published by Dynamite Entertainment and DC Comics, with imprint by Wildstorm, beginning in August 2009 and concluding in December 2009.
Along with the more genre-oriented Heavy Metal it was also one of the main venues for European comics in the United States in its day.
The series' artistic style was generally praised.
The book's length by this time had been reduced to 76 pages.
Marcio Takara is the longest-serving artist on the series, having provided art for sixteen issues since Incorruptible #11 in October 2010.
In addition to Sabrina, the title features regular appearances by the "Archie gang" and Josie and the Pussycats.
Cori, de Scheepsjongen was a Belgian comics series by Bob de Moor.
Written by Brian Azzarello and illustrated by Eduardo Risso, the comic book ran for 100 issues and won the Eisner Award and Harvey Award.
The story concerns the life and trials of a group of young people in New York City.
Ultimate Comics: X-Men is an ongoing monthly comic-book series published by Marvel Comics.
Chopra explained that the six-part series “explores Buddha's life in three phases: the Prince, the Monk, and the Enlightened Buddha.
Kibuishi also stated that subsequent volumes would be released twice-yearly.
That Wilkin Boy debuted with issue 1 dated January 1969, and ran until issue 52 dated October 1982.
Down is a four-issue American comic book limited series published in late 2005 and early 2006, by Top Cow Productions, an imprint of Image Comics.
In 2016, IDW Publishing announced plans to start publishing an official English translation of the series written by Jonathan Gray under the title "Duck Avenger".
Thanos Rising is a 5-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics that debuted on April 3, 2013, as part of Marvel NOW!.
The book often dealt with ecological and animal rights issues.
The franchise has also spawned multiple additional media properties, including video games, a companion television series, webisode series, and various additional publications, including novels.
2011 saw the release of a new volume, Survivors, which introduced a new set of characters and take place concurrently with Antares.
In issue 1260 on 26 March 1977, "Big News" was announced on the front cover redirecting the reader to page 7 of the comic.
The series is set in-continuity with the television series, but also uses characters that were made into toys but not featured in the series.
Psychoanalysis was approved by the Comics Code Authority, but newsstands were reluctant to display it.
It is written by Sam Humphries, an established writer for Marvel whose previous work has included co-writing Ultimate Comics: The Ultimates.
The series focuses on a group of prisoners battling against werewolves in a privately run prison.
Issue #1 features the clone Sarah as she discovers the existence of several of her genetic identicals.
Set 30 years into Spider-Man's future, in Earth-70237, it features a retired Spider-Man who returns to combat the injustices of a vastly different New York City.
The character originally debuted in 1948 as a kangaroo, but was redesigned as a more canine looking character in 1952.
The character's first incarnation, Alan Scott, appeared in All-American Comics #16, and was later spun off into the first volume of Green Lantern in 1941.
Outcasts is a 1987 twelve-issue limited series published in 1987 by American company DC Comics.
Italino was an Italian comic strip series created by Antonio Rubino.
Suburbia Highschool is a German comic written and illustrated by David Füleki and first published by Delfinium Prints in 2008.
It also sends up tabloid newspapers, with mockeries of articles and letters pages.
Ultimate War is a comic book limited series produced by Marvel Comics featuring the Ultimates and the Ultimate X-Men.
Harrison has stated that he and artist Wally Wood were interested in science fiction and gave Gaines science fiction stories to read.
The comic featured several marine species as its characters, while the plots and dialogue were reminiscent of film noir.
It was also the first publication of the company that would become DC Comics.
It bridges the storylines of Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City.
The first series was produced by Marvel Comics from 1984 to 1991, which ran for 80 issues and produced four spin-off miniseries.
Valiant was a British boys adventure comics anthology which ran from 1962 to 1976.
In November 2014, it was reported that Godkiller would be rebooted as an animated feature film trilogy directed by Pizzolo.
Those of Gilbert usually focused on a cast of characters in the fictional Central American village of Palomar; the stories often featured magic realist elements.
It is often regarded as De Moor's magnum opus.
It was written by Aspen founder Michael Turner.
The series is a tie-in to Final Crisis, and is written by Geoff Johns and penciled by Scott Kolins.
His invention, the Pillar, is a piece of technology that allowed McKay and his team to travel between the dimensions with the use of Black Science.
It was published by Milestone Media in July 1996.
Founded and initially edited by George Caragonne and Horatio Weisfeld, it ran 32 issues plus one special edition.
It was later brought back in the form of a digest magazine in 1992.
The series was written by J. M. DeMatteis and illustrated by Kent Williams.
Cole contributed his distinctive cover illustrations to many of the issues.
Haunted is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer television series.
The Wonder Woman Chronicles: Volume 1 collects material from All Star Comics #8, Sensation Comics #1–9, and Wonder Woman #1; March 23, 2010; ISBN 978-1-4012-2644-2
The pair, married at the time, wrote it as a plea for peace during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Each trade paperback volume of Batman: The Golden Age contains the same material as two of The Batman Chronicles.
War Stories was a comic book series written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by a number of artists.
Notable contributors to Crack Comics included Alfred Andriola, George Brenner, Gill Fox, Jack Cole, Paul Gustavson, Klaus Nordling, and Art Pinajian.
The first series debuted in August 1995, published by Image Comics, and eventually moved to Homage Comics, part of the Wildstorm Signature Series.
Green Wake is a horror comic book series published by Image comics in 2011.
Detective Comics is the title of an American comic book series published by DC Comics.
Aces High was a short lived comic book series published by EC Comics in 1955 as the fourth title in its New Direction line.
Three issues of a second limited series titled Anna Mercury 2 have thus far been released.
Among these is the title character, Joshua "Wolverine" MacAlistaire.
It was later converted to a Motion comic.
It was published in 1998 by DC Comics as one of their "Elseworlds" titles.
Nonna Abelarda is a comic fictional character created by Giovan Battista Carpi.
It resumed publication through IDW Publishing in December 2005, and ran for 33 issues.
Iron Man was an ongoing comic book series published for four years from January 2005 to January 2009 by Marvel Comics, starring the superhero Iron Man.
The second series ran into numerous publication delays, but was completed in July of 2006.
was an Australian superhero anthology comic book originally published in 1985.
The Ghostbusters franchise spawned various comic books published by various comic book companies through the years starting in 1988 and continuing to the present day.
The 52-page magazine-sized publication was published bimonthly from November 1986–July 1987.
The Programme is a twelve-issue comic book limited series published by Wildstorm.
Voltar was later published also by Marvel Comics during the 1970s.
Marvel Classics Comics was an American comics magazine which ran from 1976 until 1978.
Each issue's title page contained individual self-portraits by the contributors.
It was written by veteran British comic writer Pat Mills.
Bunty published 2,249 issues, and went monthly in 2001 before ceasing publication after a further 5 months.
Created by Richard Dominguez and published under his own Azteca Productions imprint, the series began in November 2005.
The story is about an ancient meteorite containing destructive alien organisms crashing down on Earth in modern times.
Gilbert and Jaime's brother, Mario Hernandez, does not participate to this book, except for one cover.
The series is available as individual comic issues and in trade paperback form.
Eagle also contained news and sport sections, and educational cutaway diagrams of sophisticated machinery.
Bobby of Bobby's Ghoul has grown old, so his ghoul-friend breaks up with him.
Finals is a four-issue mini-series published by DC under its Vertigo imprint from September to December 1999.
Therefore, she can see and hear, but not speak of or act on, any secrets her wizard clientele may inadvertently reveal in the throes of passion.
Champions, a Marvel Comics superhero team that debuted in 1975
It is the first line wide crossover since The New 52 reboot of the DC Universe, and focuses on all the villains of the DC Universe.
Hellboy: Seed of Destruction is the first Hellboy comic book mini-series, published by Dark Horse Comics.
The stories feature the protagonist Freddy Lombard and his friends Dina and Sweep, as they desperately try to get money to pay their bills.
The others were The Amazing Scarlet Spider, Scarlet Spider, and Web of Scarlet Spider.
The series launched on a monthly schedule in March 2006 and was canceled two years later.
The series stars the rugged alcoholic Texas spaceman Heathrow Huston, the supposed last Fear Agent, in a series of fast-paced adventures.
Batman #1 was the debut bimonthly relaunch of the comic book series.
Young X-Men was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics.
El Cazador began in 2003 and ran for six issues before CrossGen's bankruptcy brought the series to a halt.
The comic was inspired by the Cat Stevens song of the same name.
It was originally released in four issues during 1998, by Oni Press and then collected into a trade paperback.
The first series featuring Hal Jordan was canceled at issue #224, but was restarted with a third volume and a new #1 issue in June 1990.
Both titles depicted the horrors of war realistically and in great detail, exposing what Kurtzman saw as the truth about war without glamorizing or idealizing it.
The one-shots in the series were written by Grant Morrison, each with a different artist.
The creative team is Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and Tonci Zonjic.
The story is directly followed by the weekly limited series Countdown to Final Crisis.
All Winners Comics was also the venue for two full-length stories of Marvel's first superhero team, the All-Winners Squad.
Fuss Pot is too fussy to appear in the comic.
From 2001 until 2004 it was published as New X-Men.
Champions of Hell is written by Ira Hunter and illustrated by Robin Thompson with covers by Tim Vigil.
The Mahabharata is often regarded as one of the most popular title in the history of Amar Chitra Katha.
It was published every two months in the United States beginning in February 2011 and has been published monthly since June 2012.
The black-and-white series, published by Fantagraphics Books, ran for six issues from April 1986 to June 1987.
It is unrelated to and should not be confused with the later similarly named Wildstorm series Resistance.
Gay Comix is an underground comics series published from 1980–1998 featuring cartoons by and for gay and lesbian men and women.
The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl is an ongoing American comic book series published by Marvel Comics.
Ultimate Spider-Man is a superhero comic book series that was published by Marvel Comics from 2000 to 2009.
Crossfire is a comic book series created by writer Mark Evanier and artist Dan Spiegle originally for Eclipse Comics.
The series centers on the fictional British government agency MI: 13, which is dedicated to protecting the United Kingdom from supernatural threats.
Severin handled the Steve Rampart stories while Crandall covered the Geri Hamilton ones.
It was intended to be part of a comic book line titled The Transformers: Evolutions, following the same idea of DC Comics' Elseworlds series.
The series is set between the Gears of War and Gears of War 2.
Image United is a 2009 planned six-issue comic book limited series published by Image Comics.
The most colourful character was House-Date Harry, a lanky teen who preferred to entertain his dates in their homes and not go out.
English copies are published in the Don Lawrence collection.
The original comic was featured in Delta 99 and Dracula.
It is written by Sean McKeever and illustrated by UDON.
Incarnate was first published in August 2009.
It was originally written by Sean McKeever with art by penciller Takeshi Miyazawa and colorist Christina Strain.
: Plague of Frogs is the third trade paperback collection in the B.P.R.D.
Dragon Prince is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Ron Marz and drawn by Lee Moder.
The comic had 32 pages and included a full colour centre spread.
The series features the superhero team the Ultimates and was published by the Ultimate Marvel imprint of Marvel Comics.
It featured the unlikely meeting of Marvel's murderous vigilante, the Punisher, and Archie Comics' all-American teenager, Archie Andrews.
Coloring duties were taken over from Tocchini by Dave McCaig as of issue 8.
It was later adapted as an episode of the animated series The New Batman Adventures.
The Sparky Pull out section was continued until the change to the A4 format.
Spawn/Batman is a 1994 one-shot comic book written by Frank Miller with art by Todd McFarlane and published jointly by DC Comics and Image Comics.
The limited series was written by Neil Gaiman, penciled by Andy Kubert, and digitally painted by Richard Isanove; Scott McKowen illustrated the distinctive scratchboard covers.
Overall, it is plotted by Robin Furth and scripted by Peter David.
The story deals with the aftermath of a sexually transmitted disease which causes grotesque mutations in teenagers.
The first issue was released in June 2015 and continues with monthly issues.
The series was also notable for featuring some of the better artists of the day, such as Wally Wood.
He considers A Second Chance at Sarah to be a personal story, focusing on the characters instead of the supernatural elements.
Smith's art style is high-contrast black-and-white, and is notably more detailed and "human" than his previous work Bone.
Most were small publications, which were included as bonuses with action figures.
The Dome: Ground Zero, is a one-shot graphic novel published in 1998 under the short-lived DC Comics imprint, Helix.
The series began in October 2005 and was primarily written by Peter David.
It ended with issue #12, cover dated February 2012.
Hoot was a British comic book magazine that ran from 26 October 1985 to 25 October 1986, when it merged with The Dandy.
Avengers vs. X-Men is a 2012 crossover event that was featured in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Muppet Show is comic book based on the variety television series The Muppet Show and featuring The Muppets.
The limited series presents Firestar's comic book origin for the first time in print, which differs significantly from the animated character's origin.
Discovering he mystically possesses the powers of all animals and the Earth itself, he becomes the protector of the planet.
Chelo’s Burden is the second album of the American comics series Love and Rockets by the Hernandez brothers and published in 1986.
was a British full-colour, satirical adult comic strip, written by Frederic Mullally, and drawn by Ron Embleton.
A War Is Hell limited series featuring Phantom Eagle appeared in 2008.
Rupert's initial purpose was to win sales from the rival Daily Mail and Daily Mirror.
At the 2007 San Diego Comic Con it was announced that the series had been cancelled and would finish at issue 30.
Four volumes have been released, beginning in September 2009.
SideScrollers is a graphic novel by Matthew Loux, that was published by Oni Press.
The title is a reference to one of Superman's nicknames which touted his invulnerability making him the "Man of Steel."
text and photo articles were mostly of the Count's various film appearances.
Black Axe is a comic book series published by Marvel UK in 1993.
It was further announced at WonderCon 2013 that the first issue of Samurai Jack will debut in October 2013.
In 2009 it was followed by a prequel graphic novel, The Surrogates: Flesh and Bone.
Joe: Cobra ongoing series, and a G.I.
Generally, writers criticized its American localization and some of the characters, while being more generous toward its story and aesthetics.
Plop!, "The New Magazine of Weird Humor!
The final issue was published in January 2011, and a collected edition was published in March 2011.
Savage Sword of Conan was published under the Curtis imprint until issue 60, when it became part of the Marvel Magazine Group.
A total of 63 issues were released.
It details the perspective of an admirer of superheroes in the DC Universe from the Golden, Silver, Bronze, and Modern eras of comic books.
It was published by Avatar Press, and the first issue was released in September 2007.
was a British weekly comic book published by Apocalypse Ltd. A total of 31 issues were published from March 28 to October 24, 1991.
In addition to these regular features, it also included some Spider-Man stories, occasional one-off comic stories, and a variety of text articles.
Originally published in installments on the website serializer.net in 2002, it was eventually published in its entirety by St. Martin's Press in April 2007.
It promoted the many science-fiction television series created by the Century 21 Productions company of Gerry and Sylvia Anderson.
The stories center on a typical family: a man and his wife, their young son Boule and Bill the cocker spaniel.
The women ally with Zoe, a young girl who was possessed by a demon for nearly fifty years.
Its tagline was "True Tales of the Weird and Supernatural", changed to "New Tales of the Weird and Supernatural," as of #75, and dropped after #104.
Cinderella: From Fabletown with Love was a comic book limited series published by Vertigo Comics in 2009 and 2010, and set in the world of Fables.
The companion series Peanuts Every Sunday began in 2013 and is scheduled to run until 2022.
Star Wars: Knight Errant is a 2010 novel and comic book series set in the fictional Star Wars universe, written by John Jackson Miller.
The comic is strongly influenced by the Italian Spaghetti Western cinema.
This particular miniseries depicted a team-up between Logan and Ben Grimm.
Written by Brian Lynch, it focuses on the character of Spike, a main character in television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off, Angel.
However, the hardcover never came to pass due to the company's financial problems.
Hellboy: Wake the Devil is a five-issue comic book mini-series in the Hellboy franchise, conceived and illustrated by Mike Mignola and published by Dark Horse Comics.
The Great Dictator has fallen and a power vacuum sparks a chess game of eccentric players scheming for control.
One way the series departs from his films is that vampires are also part of the story.
In 2005, IDW Publishing picked up the rights and began publishing various Angel related mini-series and one-shots set during and after the show's final season.
The comic also followed 2000 AD's lead in crediting its contributors for their work, still a rarity in British comics at that time.
That Yellow Bastard is a six-issue comic book limited series, and the sixth in the Sin City series.
Many of the pieces deal with disturbing subject matter such as mutilation, incest, and the occult.
Ash returns from Egypt, believing the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis destroyed for good.
Lucha Libre is an anthology comic book series written by Jerry Frissen.
War Picture Library was a British 64-page Pocket library war comic magazine title published by Amalgamated Press/Fleetway for 2103 issues.
Whizzer and Chips went full colour on the week of 4 May 1990.
The arc featured the JLE fighting The Extremists, a cadre of psychopathic villains patterned after Marvel Comics villains Doctor Doom, Magneto, Doctor Octopus, Sabretooth and Dormammu.
Almost all of the series' writers and artists were part of the British Invasion of comics.
A post-apocalyptic adventure, it was set in the area around New York City, now known as "N'Yark", in an Earth devastated by a nuclear war.
The Vault of Horror hit newsstands with its April/May 1950 issue and ceased publication with its December/January 1955 issue, producing a total of 29 issues.
After 50 issues as Black Magic, the title's numbering continued for three more issues as the humor comic Cool Cat before being canceled.
The Ultimates 2 is a thirteen-issue comic book limited series written by Mark Millar with art by Bryan Hitch, the sequel to The Ultimates.
The story features the first appearance of Faith in Buffy comics
Part of the story is told from the perspective of two reporters embedded in the opposite camps of the war.
Charlemagne is an American extinct comic book series, published by Defiant Comics from February 1994 until July 1994.
Later stories delve into the reign of the mad dictator Jean-Bédel Bokassa.
It followed the "Death of Spider-Man" storyline that concluded the series Ultimate Spider-Man, to which Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man served as a sequel.
The 42-issue best-selling series by Amar Chitra Katha, Mumbai was illustrated by Dilip Kadam.
Initially an unsuccessful film pitch, the series became a breakout success story for Steve Niles, whose previous works had received relatively little attention.
Most stories were set in World War II, with some based on other conflicts.
In the play, Mark Antony says, with regards to Caesar, "The evil that men do lives after them; The good is oft interred with their bones."
The Spectacular Scarlet Spider is a comic book series starring the Scarlet Spider published by Marvel Comics for two issues from November 1995 to December 1995.
The title characters, Cable and Deadpool, shared the focus of the book.
With issue #22, the anthological "Just a Story" series gained Peril as, generally, a witness or narrator rather than as an integral part of the narrative.
Voltron is the name of two past comic book series and one current series published by different companies.
The Humans is an ongoing American comic book series from Image Comics created by writer Keenan Marshall Keller and artist Tom Neely.
Earth-Two, along with the four other surviving Earths of the DC Multiverse, were merged into one in the 1985 miniseries Crisis on Infinite Earths.
It won the Bram Stoker Award for Best Illustrated Narrative.
The Horrorist was an occult and horror-themed comic book limited series written by Jamie Delano, with art by David Lloyd.
The 1975 Super Annual reprinted seven stories from the magazine.
A second miniseries began in September 2012 and ran for five issues and a third volume, this time ongoing, began in September 2014.
Wormwood: Gentleman Corpse is the second solo comic book series by creator Ben Templesmith.
It is canon with Earth-616 continuity as implied in The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection #17 and the events took place soon after Elektra's first death.
The series was written by Kevin Smith, creator of View Askew Productions.
The Goblin Chronicles is Ape Entertainment's first all-ages comic book published in the fantasy genre.
It was revamped completely with #30, becoming a funny-animal humor book when superheroes faded from popularity in the post-war era.
Car Warriors is a four-issue comic book series published in 1991 by Epic Comics.
Fillerbunny is a crudely drawn comic book by Jhonen Vasquez.
TV Comic was a British comic book magazine published weekly from 9 November 1951 until 29 June 1984.
The latter section of the run, however, came to focus much more upon his enemies.
Conan the Barbarian was a comics title starring the sword-and-sorcery character created by Robert E. Howard, published by American company Marvel Comics.
Iron Man and Sub-Mariner is a one-shot comic book published by Marvel Comics in 1968.
An eight-issue limited series began in 2006.
Street Angel is an alternative comic book limited series by Jim Rugg and Brian Maruca.
Written by Steve Gerber with art by Doug Wheatley.
Marvel Premiere is an American comic book anthology series published by American company Marvel Comics.
The initial editor was Rob King and it was produced by Galaxy Media.
The only exception were that rough pencil drafts started the process which allowed editors to approve layouts and writers to begin creating the stories.
The second book in the series, The Nightmare Factory – Volume 2, was published in September 2008.
The series featured two or more Marvel characters in one story.
Fort: Prophet of the Unexplained is a Dark Horse Comics comic book limited series created by writer Peter M. Lenkov and artist Frazer Irving.
The title of the magazine was changed to 1994 starting with issue 11 in February, 1980 based on a request by the estate of George Orwell.
A third issue existed but was not printed by EC.
Solar Wind is a British small press comics anthology.
Published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein, the bi-monthly Weird Science replaced Saddle Romances with the May/June 1950 issue.
Funnies on Parade is an American publication of 1933 that was a precursor of comic books.
In 2014, it was announced that the six issue series would finally be collected into one publication by Dover Publications in 2015.
Scion was an American comic book published by CrossGen Entertainment from July 2000 to April 2004.
Issues typically consist of several individual stories as opposed to one cohesive storyline.
Set in the 1960s, the series predates most of the events seen in the core CrossGen titles.
The series is written by Chuck Dixon with illustrations by Timothy Green II colored by Jose Villarrubia.
Bitch Planet is an ongoing American comic book created by writer Kelly Sue DeConnick and artist Valentine De Landro.
The Navel of the Double God had an early publication in the Dutch magazine Myx.
became the last survivor of the Power Comics lineup.
The series is written by Jason Aaron, drawn by Adam Kubert and edited by Nick Lowe.
Usagi was named the 31st greatest comic book character by Empire magazine and was ranked 92nd in IGN's list of the top 100 comic book heroes.
It is centered on a music box which causes strange occurrences for the people who possess it.
The series was edited by Steven Douglas with George L. Carlson as principal artist.
The story is set in Victorian England and follows Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson in the midst of a zombie outbreak.
The story is about a victim of child abuse.
Bone has received numerous awards, among them ten Eisner Awards and eleven Harvey Awards.
In 2015 it was re-issued in a collected edition by Dover Comics & Graphic Novels with a new 40-page conclusion by Murphy and Zulli.
Skizz was a comic book strip in 2000 AD which appeared in three installments across more than a decade.
The series was written by Dan Slott with artwork by Ryan Stegman, Humberto Ramos, and Giuseppe Camuncoli.
The book features many historical, horror, pop culture, and Judeo-Christian theological references.
is a comic book series created by writer John Rozum, published by DC Comics's Vertigo imprint in 2002.
Spitfire and the Troubleshooters was a short-lived comic book series from Marvel Comics' New Universe line.
The series ran from April to July 1996 and has been collected into a single volume.
The final three issues were published through Atlas Comics.
The series was scripted by Bill Mantlo; it was his first work for DC after a long career at Marvel Comics.
The overarching theme of the graphic novel is on the loneliness and duties of being the Slayer.
The series was written and drawn by Frank Miller with artwork painted by Lynn Varley.
Pendulums are also used in scientific instruments such as accelerometers and seismometers.
Torso is a true crime limited series graphic novel written by Brian Michael Bendis and Marc Andreyko, with art and lettering by Brian Michael Bendis.
It was released weekly in June 2007; on the 6th, 13th, 20th and 27th.
It is written by Doug Moench and illustrated by Dave Ross.
It featured a mix of reader contributions, stories from regular writers, do-it-yourself articles and several popular comic strips.
At the start of Season Nine, the series focuses on Buffy living in San Francisco in a world without magic.
Started in 1949 as DC's first romance title, it ran for 180 issues, ending with the Nov-Dec 1973 issue.
Moore stated that he attempted to show the similarities and contrasts between the two characters.
It is written by Brian Michael Bendis, Jonathan Hickman, and Nick Spencer.
The character first appeared in Pacific Comics Vanguard Illustrated #7.
The Abomination agrees, giving Quarry three hours to find her.
It is written by Simon Spurrier and drawn by Frazer Irving.
Since its creation Archaic has gained a rather large amount of attention in the American comics community.
Superboy's Legion is a two-issue comic book mini-series, published by DC Comics in 2001, under the Elseworlds imprint.
It was first published in July 1961 and is still in print today.
In 2013 Moeller ran a successful kickstarter for a third volume entitled Iron Empires: Void through his own publisher Forged Lord Comics.
The Last of Us: American Dreams is a four-issue comic book series based on the video game The Last of Us.
The story bridges the gap between the end of the Golden Age and the beginning of the Silver Age in the DC Universe.
It was released from September 2006 through January 2007.
Transformers: The Reign of Starscream is an IDW Publishing comic book, a sequel to their adaptation of the 2007 live action Transformers film.
It is Vaughan's first creator-owned work to be published through Image Comics, and represents the first time he employs narration in his comics writing.
It was originally serialized in Thailand by Punica Publishing.
Box Office Poison is a series of comic books by Alex Robinson.
After issue #133, the series was relaunched, still written by Brian Michael Bendis with art provided by David Lafuente.
A recurring back-up feature "Whatever Happened to...?"
100 Girls is a comic book series created by Adam Gallardo and Todd Demong, and published by Arcana Studio.
Created by writer Mark Millar and penciler John Romita Jr., it is a sequel to the Kick-Ass and Kick-Ass 2 and the spinoff miniseries Hit-Girl.
It is the second story in Frank Miller's Sin City series, and the first to be published in miniseries format.
Some old characters, like Biffo the Bear, Lord Snooty, Baby Face Finlayson and Little Plum, have more recently made a return as "funsize" quarter-page strips.
This included "The Basket" and "The Gorilla's Paw" in the first issue and "Horror in the Freak Tent" and "Reflection of Death" in #2.
A Second Chance at Sarah is a fantasy graphic novel written by Neil Druckmann, with illustrations by Joysuke Wong.
The Superman Chronicles is a series of trade paperbacks from DC Comics, intended to reprint all Superman stories chronologically from his earliest appearances.
The series received mostly positive reviews for both the artwork and the story.
Numbered in reverse order, it began with issue #12 and finished with issue #1.
The Amazing Scarlet Spider is the name of a short-lived comic book series starring the Scarlet Spider.
The Dandy was a long-running British children's comic published by the Dundee based publisher DC Thomson.
It was first published in Spirou magazine in 1982.
Misty was a British comic for girls published by Fleetway in London from 4 February 1978 until 19 January 1980, when it merged with Tammy.
In June 2012, the series returned with a revival of Amethyst, Princess of Gemworld by writer Christy Marx and artist Aaron Lopresti.
The book's central storyline is narrated extensively through the protagonist's thoughts, aided by the use of flashbacks to tell the story of his past.
The series introduces the superhero team the Ultimates and was published by the Ultimate Marvel imprint of Marvel Comics.
Bruce Wayne also visits "The End Of Time".
The first series launched by Oni Press on November 4, 2009 and ran for four issues.
The series was very popular in the United States, though less so in its native Japan.
Each issue consisted of three unrelated stories written by John Ostrander and/or Del Close.
Issue #12 published in February 2008 was the "season finale".
Jughead proved to be popular enough to warrant his own self-titled ongoing comic book series which began publication in January 1949.
Jessica Blandy is an ongoing Belgian comic book series, started in 1987 by Belgian artists Renaud and Jean Dufaux.
The third issue of this magazine is known as the rarest EC publication of all time.
The series was co-written by Ray Fawkes and Hans Rodionoff, and illustrated by Mike Huddleston.
It takes the form of a coming-of-age story with elements of satire.
It originally ran from 1952 to 1991.
It was illustrated by Chris Bachalo and Mark Buckingham, and features an introduction by Claire Danes.
It was also influenced by the Beatles song "Nowhere Man".
Kaspin estimates that she has been in there for at least seven years.
It is a contemporary, frequently humorous take on the Silver Age title Dial H for Hero.
The series is noted for having a large influence over the fantasy genre and graphic novel medium since then.
The "Mutant X" universe is a reimagination of the Earth-616 universe.
After losing his hand, he would be outfitted with an 'Electro Robot Hand', each finger a different tool/weapon.
It is an underdog story in the mold of a previous success, the 1976 film Rocky, which Avildsen also directed.
Garin's uncanny file is a Thai comic series written by Aii and illustrated by Black Tohfu .
It was Millar's first professionally published work.
X-Infernus is a four-issue comic book mini-series that started in December 2008.
Petra Chérie is an Italian comic series created by Attilio Micheluzzi.
Whisky & Gogo is an Italian comic series created by Luciano Bottaro.
Written by long-time Transformers writer Simon Furman, it is a new origin for the Generation 1 Transformers.
He believes that this choice of title contributed, at least in part, to the relative market failure of Untold Tales.
Beginning with Venom: Lethal Protector, eighteen limited series following Brock's adventures were published monthly between February 1993 and January 1998.
The Punisher will face in the final battle against Jigsaw.
NBM Publishing have stated that they will not be publishing the remainder of the series in English in the United States.
The series focuses on the Transformers' past on Cybertron before they came to Earth.
DMZ is published by DC Comics under their Vertigo imprint.
The first issue of Saga was published on March 14, 2012, to positive reviews and a sold-out first printing.
José Luis García-López drew the covers for the entire series.
The series won one of the third Queer Press Grants.
It ran for three issues in late 2000 and early 2001.
A second print run was ordered with the correct paper stock thus making a collectors item of the rarer first print.
The initial creative team consisted of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles co-creator Kevin Eastman, Tom Waltz and artist Dan Duncan.
Timestorm 2009–2099 is a 2009 Marvel Comics limited series.
The storyline is a continuation of events involving resurrected Starlin-character Thanos, featured in the title Silver Surfer.
Artist Ed Benes pencilled and inked his chapter.
The Wonder Woman Chronicles: Volume 3 collects material from Wonder Woman #4–5, Sensation Comics #15–18, and Comic Cavalcade #2; December 4, 2012; ISBN 978-1-4012-3692-2
Along the way, he meets up with a British actor, an ex-kamikaze pilot and one of Hitler's mistresses.
and follows Gavia Immer, a governmental fauna agent, as he goes through an existential dilemma while watching videos his father left for him after his death.
Hellblazer was one of the first modern occult detective fiction works and heavily influenced the genre to come.
A motion comic version of the series debuted in 2010.
And the third phase is about Buddha's enlightenment under the Bodhi tree and as well as his teaching.”
Nightfall: The Black Chronicles was a three-issue comic book mini-series, published by Wildstorm through their Homage Comics imprint from December 1999 until February 2000.
The group featured Firestar, Black Cat, Hellcat and Photon, four single women who bond over their inabilities to find a solid romance.
The title returned to publication in 1993 by Malibu Comics, which had purchased Eternity as an imprint.
Chris Carter, who created the television series, is the Executive Producer of the comic book series and also contributed to several elements to the comics' stories.
Eight issues in all were produced between 2003 and 2007, with the final issue published in November 2007 as the Solar Wind Summer Special.
A black-and-white manga expanded version of that material was released by Arcana Studio in 2007.
The first series, Adventures in the Rifle Brigade, was released in 2000.
They were in the very first edition.
Editors of TV Comic included Dick Millington, Robin Tucheck and John Lynott.
Bone is an independently published comic book series, written and illustrated by Jeff Smith, originally serialized in 55 irregularly released issues from 1991 to 2004.
It was similar in vein to the historical stories that previously appeared in EC's Two-Fisted Tales and Frontline Combat from 1950 through 1954.
A video game adaptation developed by Ubisoft for PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade was released the same month.
Weird War Tales was a war comic book title with supernatural overtones published by DC Comics.
A dystopian science fiction fantasy somewhat in the mold of Blade Runner, We Can Remember It for You Wholesale, and other cyberpunk stories.
Trillium is his third title with Vertigo.
It also does not explicitly mention the events of the first crossover story.
The second season, dubbed in English, French and Russian, has been uploaded to YouTube by Mondo TV in September 2014.
Shutterbug Follies is a graphic novel created by Jason Little.
This title was published originally under the imprint of MLJ Magazines, which then became Archie comics starting with issue #8.
A JSA series was published from 1999 to 2006.
However, he did not supply any artwork, except the first page splash which includes a diagram of his robot hand.
Mister X was a series of comic books first published in 1983–1990 by Canadian company Vortex Comics.
Italino was published by the children magazine Il Corriere dei Piccoli from 1915, on the eve of the entry of Italy in World War, to 1919.
The Flash Chronicles: Volume 1 collects material from Showcase #4, 8, 13–14; and The Flash #105–106; September 2009; ISBN 978-1-4012-2471-4
Harbinger is an American comic book series published by Valiant Comics about a group of teenage super-powered outcasts known as Harbingers.
They married and moved to the suburbs to raise their children.
The Flash: Rebirth is a six issue monthly American comic book limited series written by Geoff Johns and illustrated by Ethan Van Sciver.
Captain Crucial has a bad hair day.
Disney's own comic book publishing subsidiary, Marvel Comics, renamed the series Muppets and published four issues in 2012.
"The Sandman: The Dream Hunters" is a novella by English author Neil Gaiman, illustrated by Yoshitaka Amano.
Ascension was an American comic book series created by David Finch and Matt "Batt" Banning and published by Top Cow.
Wake is space opera, exploring social themes about inequalities, corruption and colonization.
Other characters in 2000 AD include Rogue Trooper, Strontium Dog and the ABC Warriors.
It featured early work by comics writer Alan Moore, including V for Vendetta and Marvelman.
Publication was discontinued following a decline in sales attributed to the end of the Korean War.
The Transformers: Stormbringer is a comic book mini-series, published by IDW Publishing.
The story of Batman: Nosferatu is patterned after the classic films The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, Metropolis and, to a lesser extent, Nosferatu.
The books are primarily episodic, with underlying larger plots which create long extended storylines — though there are some novel-length narratives.
This comic was published in the United States by the DC Comics imprint Vertigo.
Other notable contributors to Fightin' Marines included Pat Boyette, Sam Glanzman, Jack Keller, Sanho Kim, Fran Matera, and Warren Sattler.
Grrrls: Destroyers of the Dead is a 2005 comic book mini-series.
The bi-monthly book was 128 pages and usually contained three or more longer stories that featured Mickey and various other Disney characters.
Wyrms is a six-issue comic book mini-series by Orson Scott Card and Jake Black, based on the novel Wyrms by author Orson Scott Card.
It is the sequel to the Season Eight comic book series, a canonical continuation of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Earth-Two is a fictional universe appearing in American comic book published by DC Comics.
Transformers: Movie Adaptation, published by IDW Publishing, is a 2007 comic book limited series that serves as an adaptation of the 2007 film Transformers.
Text stories were initially new stories, but later shifted to retellings of British ghost stories, some of which were submitted by readers.
In its early years was one of the best selling comics in Brazil second only to those of Monica Teen.
The plot revolves around a mission of aerial surveillance of the Soviet Union assigned by Nick Fury to operative Logan and jet pilot Grimm.
Global Frequency is an American comic book limited series created and written by Warren Ellis and published by Wildstorm Productions, an imprint of DC Comics.
Tears from Heaven is the fourth volume of the American comics series Love and Rockets by the Hernandez brothers, Gilbert and Jaime, and published in 1988.
We're gonna tell you more of the truth.
The series was relaunched as Teen Titans in October 1996, with all-new members under Atom, who had been de-aged to a teenager.
Lupo Alberto is an Italian comic book series created by Guido Silvestri in 1974.
Infinite Crisis #1 was ranked first in the top 300 comics for October 2005 with pre-order sales of 249,265.
The series was a police procedural, starring Bishop and Ismael Ortega, who investigated crimes committed by and against the ghetto's mutant residents.
The series follows a unique format, in which its lead character and storyline changes every four issues.
The book has retailed at £7.99 since 2009
Each issue was a series of one-shot stories involving a wide cast of characters.
The first issue released on January 10, 2013 through Image Comics.
This is likely because the annuals of the time were mostly made up of Dandy Comix, due to the topical nature of the magazine's Xtreme content.
One portrayed the death of H. P. Lovecraft.
Also Sweeny Toddler says that he is going to like everyone from now on.
Cla$$war is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Com.x between 2002 and 2004.
Together, they travel through scarred-riddled America, searching for Freddie's father.
Miki was first published in Italy on July 1, 1951.
In particular, the Originals and the Dirt battle one another in circumstances very similar to the Second Battle of Hastings.
The Life and Times of Savior 28, is a five-issue comic book limited series by J.M.
The comics serve as a prequel to the game, chronicling the journey of the young Ellie and her meeting with another young survivor, Riley Abel.
The series ended in October 1953 with issue #127.
First issued in 2003 by publisher Image Comics, the comic is written by Kirkman with art by Moore and Charlie Adlard.
Despite this, a single season of a television adaptation was picked up for the 2008 season by ABC Family.
The series was released weekly and then reprinted as a trade paperback.
It is the second part of Matt Wagner's two part Dark Moon Rising series, which are expanded and modernized versions of Golden Age Batman stories.
The Superman Chronicles: Volume Seven collects material from Action Comics #41–43, Superman #12–13, and World's Finest Comics #4; July 2009; ISBN 978-1-4012-2288-8
The comic book reprints from Kitchen Sink and Marvel, and the continuation from Topps Comics, also used the Cadillacs and Dinosaurs name.
Fall Out Toy Works is an American comic book limited series, created by Pete Wentz of Fall Out Boy, Darren Romanelli, and Nathan Cabrera.
Rip in Time is a five-part comic book limited series written by Bruce Jones and illustrated by Richard Corben, first published by Fantagor Press in 1986.
Morris solicited the idea to several Fleet Street publishers, with little success, until Hulton Press took it on.
Since his 1987 film debut, the RoboCop character and franchise have been exercised through numerous entertainment media, including multiple comic book mini-series and ongoing series.
It featured Mickey Mouse as the main character along with other characters from the Mickey Mouse universe.
Planet Comics was a science fiction comic book title published by Fiction House from January 1940 to Winter 1953.
The debut of the series was scheduled to capitalize on the release of the 2016 Marvel Studios film Captain America: Civil War.
The series was commercially successful and appeared in the top slot of The New York Times Graphic Books bestsellers list.
Sea of Red is an American comic book series published from 2005 to 2006 by Image Comics.
Charmed comics were officially licensed continuations of the popular television series of the same name, which ended its eight-year run in 2006.
The series has been followed by numerous sequel series, and in 2007, was adapted into a film of the same name.
for want of a horse the knight was lost,
Between April and August 1999, Cochran reprinted all five individual issues.
Laugh Comics was a comic book produced by Archie Comics in two volumes, from 1946 to 1987 and 1987 to 1991.
Halakhak Komiks is the first regularly published comics magazine in the Philippines.
Hard Boiled is a three-issue comic book mini-series written by Frank Miller and drawn by Geof Darrow.
The series ran for 109 issues from 1950 through 1968.
300 was particularly inspired by the 1962 film The 300 Spartans, a film Miller watched as a young boy.
It was founded by Marcus Morris, an Anglican vicar from Lancashire.
This series was based on characters from the Justice League of America but featured them in a setting where Batman and Superman had never existed.
It stems off from a Spider-Man arc, also published by Marvel from November 1994 to December 1994.
Only 4 issues and a collected edition were ever published.
Supermarket is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Brian Wood and illustrated by Kristian Donaldson.
Kinowa is an Italian comic book series created by Andrea Lavezzolo and EsseGesse.
Publication started in April 2006 by Dabel Brothers Productions and was finished in February 2008 by Marvel Comics.
It is also the first comic book to ever be on the New York Times Bestseller List.
Dracula is a superhero comic book series published by Dell Comics, based on the three classic Universal Pictures monsters.
Taking place in the Sigilverse, it primarily features the characters Charon, Javi Cobian and Appolyon.
It was written by Bill Mantlo, penciled by Mike Mignola and inked by Al Gordon.
The Technopriests is an eight-issue comic book limited series created by writer Alejandro Jodorowsky, artist Zoran Janjetov, and colorist Fred Beltran.
Son of Superman is a comic book Elseworlds story, published by DC Comics.
It focused mostly on his background and also featured such characters as Paul Bearer, Mankind and the Undertaker's half-brother Kane.
While not completely without humor, it is a very dark book with morally ambiguous characters.
The second incarnation was published on MySpace, running from July 2007 until August 2010.
Cowboy Ninja Viking is an Image Comics comic book created by writer A.J.
When she tries to join various sports teams, she's rejected.
A Victorian-era Bruce Wayne, tries to purge both his own evil side and that of Two-Face, while a serial killer named the Joker roams the streets.
The main comics, Berts dagbok, were created by Johan Unenge and Måns Gahrton, and are based on the Bert Diaries by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson.
Consisting of an eponymous core limited series and a number of tie-in titles, the storyline premiered in May 2011.
Scoopy, "The Runaround Hound With a Nose For News", a dog journalist.
It is an Elseworlds tale and as such is not considered part of the main DC canon/continuity.
Devil's Due is written by Mike Carey, with pencils by Salvador Larroca.
Men of War is the name of several American comic book series published by DC Comics.
These were later collected in trade paperbacks.
The first three issues sold out upon release, and a television series based on the comic is in development at AMC.
Scarlet is a creator-owned comic book series written by Brian Michael Bendis under Marvel Comics' Icon imprint.
Virtually every issue featured DC's two leading superheroes, Superman and Batman, with the earliest issues also featuring Batman's sidekick, Robin.
has been released in over 65 countries.
The Sensational Spider-Man is the name of a comic book series starring Spider-Man and published monthly by Marvel Comics for 41 issues between 2004 and 2007.
The Justice League received its own comic book title called Justice League of America in November 1960.
The Wizard was launched as a weekly British story paper on 22 September 1922, published by D. C. Thomson & Co.
Jim Lee, the seventh Image founder, who is now affiliated with DC Comics, is contributing covers to the series.
Infinity Abyss is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics from August to October in 2002.
The Beano is currently edited by Craig Graham.
Millennium is a five-issue comic book series published by IDW Publishing from January and August 2015, based on the television series of the same name.
The death blow for Captain America and the Falcon came when Captain America's solo series was once again relaunched in 2005.
Moore has said the premise of Echo is a woman living in today's America who is dealing with a sudden unbelievable change to her daily life.
Subsequent printings have included the "Elseworlds" logo.
Fables is an American comic book series created and written by Bill Willingham, published by DC Comics's Vertigo.
The title character, Kong, is an intelligent caveman who is a direct descendant of Anthro, another DC Comics caveman character.
It was published in 1995 by Vertigo, edited by Lou Stathis.
Editor Pat Masulli helmed the book for most of its run.
Sonic Universe was published monthly by Archie Comics alongside its parent title Sonic the Hedgehog.
Other artists who contributed to the series include Carlos Pacheco and Joe Quesada, the latter of whom drew part of the final issue.
The Curse is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Angel television series.
The series was reprinted in color by Image Comics in 2005, with plans to possibly continue it with new stories after collecting the original material.
Superman Unchained is a limited comic book series, originally billed as ongoing, featuring the DC Comics character Superman.
Zarjaz is a comics anthology fanzine for the long-running British science fiction comic 2000 AD.
1972 saw three newcomers in the New Year issue, amongst them the Victorian miser Jasper the Grasper and Frankie Stein – Teenage Werewolf.
The book was published as a paperback original by Harper Perennial on July 31, 2012.
This was also the first series by Maurício de Sousa to be adapted in its own solo comic book series starting in August 26, 1982.
The anthology is presented as a series of stories told by an ancient vampire to a group of young Watchers.
Spider-Man and Zoids is notable for featuring early work by Grant Morrison, including the epic and apocalyptic Black Zoid storyline.
Osiedle Swoboda is a Polish comic book written and illustrated by Michał Śledziński.
It bridges the gap between The Sentinels and the new movie Robotech: The Shadow Chronicles, and also features characters from the Robotech Masters Saga.
More Fun Comics, originally titled New Fun: The Big Comic Magazine a.k.a.
Superman: The Dark Side is the title of 3 issue limited comic books series.
The original Vertigo miniseries yielded an original graphic novel and later, an ongoing series.
As of 2015 there have been 78 editions.
The new version, however, was smaller and of lower quality than the original.
Suske en Wiske Weekblad was a Belgian comics magazine which debuted in September 15, 1993 and ran in weekly syndication until December 24, 2003.
It features the work of female comic book creators, and is published by Slave Labor Graphics.
All-New Invaders was a reboot of the classic comic book series Invaders
On March 12, 2009, Devil's Due Publishing announced that all storylines from the TV series will be continued in a comic book series.
Universal War One is a six-part French comic book limited series written, penciled, and inked by Denis Bajram.
As well as Roy of the Rovers, the collection also featured The Beano, The Dandy, Eagle, The Topper, Bunty, Buster, Valiant, Twinkle and 2000 AD.
Fight Club 2 is Chuck Palahniuk's comic book sequel to his 1996 novel Fight Club, with art by Cameron Stewart and covers by David Mack.
Prior to the illustrated strip format, the character of Wanda appeared as an illustrated story in Penthouse, from September 1969 through to October 1979.
Alex Ross original idea was make a statement about the four superhero comics archetypes: Science Fiction, Crime/Mystery, Magic and Myth.
Elfquest was one of the first comic book series to have a planned conclusion.
Ghost Manor was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1968 to 1984.
Their enemies are the Archons of the Outer Church, inter-dimensional alien gods who have already enslaved most of the human race without their knowledge.
The title also featured the Howling Commandos, a fictional World War II unit that first appeared in Sgt.
In 2011, the title was relaunched under writer Duane Swierczynski and artist Jesus Saiz.
There is also a live-action film adaption called Garin X Guardian released in theaters in 2015.
A second volume was launched in August 1984, by which time Robin had assumed the identity Nightwing and Kid Flash had been replaced by Jericho.
Initially published quarterly, the title went bi-monthly beginning with #14.
Charmed: Season 9 is set eighteen months after the events of the television show's final episode.
Wimmen's Comix, later titled Wimmin's Comix, is an influential all-female underground comics anthology published from 1972 to 1992.
The cover-logo trademark uses "and" while the copyrighted title noted in the postal indicia uses an ampersand.
It is part of the Marvel Zombies series.
All four issues are written by Fabian Nicieza with the art by Stefano Raffaele.
The story shows the events of the zombie plague first infecting the Marvel Zombies Universe.
Incorruptible #1 was published on December 16, 2009, and the series ended in May 2012, after thirty issues.
Krazy was a British comic book magazine published every Monday by IPC Magazines Ltd.
Through her heroism Ida later becomes sheriff of the strange town.
The story describes the life of Som-Som, a prostitute in the House Without Clocks - a brothel designed to service rare and exotic tastes.
The series introduced the character of Bill Savage, a classic anti-authoritarian character of the type which Mills is best known for.
X-Men: Deadly Genesis is a comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in late 2005 and early 2006.
Feature Funnies was an American comic book magazine published by Comic Favorites, Inc. in the United States for 20 issues from 1937 until 1939.
In 2002, the book Juan Bobo Goes to Work won the ALA Notable Books for Children Award and the Belpré Medal for its illustrations.
The Masters of the Universe media franchise has appeared in several comic book series.
Cip, Gallina and Zagar were also recurring characters of Diario Vitt, the illustrated diary that Jacovitti made each year from 1942 to 1980.
Dumas has been solely responsible for the strip since 1995.
There were also annuals in the forties and fifties.
An eight-issue miniseries called Batman: Family was published from December 2002 to February 2003.
Last Stand on Krypton picks up 10 years after Last Son of Earth.
It debuted as part of Superior Spider-Month which saw a major status quo change in Spider-Man storylines in the aftermath of Superior Spider-Man #13.
It is also published in Spain, Germany and Finland.
Bone, published by Oni Press in 2002.
The stories take place in a mythical West Texas town changed by a release of atomic power and mystic forces.
On occasion other artists and writers have contributed to the series including Carlos Kastro, Eric Meheu, and Fabian Doles.
Much of the story focuses on violent conflicts between the Originals and their enemies, a gang of bikers which they call "the Dirt."
The series was followed by a one-shot, The Fall of Red Sarah.
It is plotted by Robin Furth, scripted by Peter David, and illustrated by Richard Isanove and Jae Lee.
Several stories were reprinted in the six-issue miniseries Astonishing Tales vol.
It was the final publication in Marvel's New Universe line, and resolved a number of unfinished plotlines, as well as radically changing the New Universe setting.
The series is set in the Ultimate Universe, and is written by Warren Ellis and pencilled by Steve Kurth.
Salvation Run is a seven-issue 2007-2008 DC Comics limited series which was designed to tie into the company's major event series Final Crisis in 2008.
WWE Heroes is an American celebrity comics comic book series, published by Titan Publishing and written by Keith Champagne with art by Andy Smith.
Superman was an ongoing comic book series featuring the DC Comics superhero of the same name.
Ken Parker is a western anti-hero, graphically inspired by Robert Redford of Jeremiah Johnson.
Thus, it was arranged in tiers like a comic book but eliminated hand-lettering, balloons and panel borders.
It is part of the Marvel Zombies series.
Fat Freddy's Cat appears in many of the stories, spinning off his own cartoon strip and later some full-length episodes.
WoW comics later evolved into a boys' title- beginning with issue #59.
The series was adapted into the AMC television series The Walking Dead, which premiered in 2010.
Spike: After the Fall bridges the gap between Spike's "First Night" mini-arc and his first appearance in After the Fall over four issues.
It happens that, Mei was transformed by one of the most powerful vampires of all times.
A digital Transformers comic also became available titled Autocracy, consisting of 12 eight-page issues.
The strip regularly appeared in Penthouse magazine from 1973 to 1980.
In February 2016, DC announced their Rebirth initiative with the release of an 80-page one-shot on May 25, 2016, and continuing through late 2016.
It revisited characters and concepts from that earlier Crisis, including the existence of DC's Multiverse.
Joe: Cobra is a comic book series published by IDW Publishing.
The series ran in his comic books Dork and House of Fun before it received a two-issue run through Dark Horse Comics in 2014.
The series is written by Darin Wagner and illustrated by Clint Hilinski and Andrew Dalhouse.
The stories, written by Steven Grant, Mike Baron, and Roger Salick, were intertwined, although featuring different characters in each issue.
This work was inspired by the Edgar Allan Poe poem of the same name.
The End League is a fictional superhero team appearing in a self-titled bi-monthly comic book series by Dark Horse Comics, which began in January 2008.
The entire series has been translated to German, Dutch, Greek and European Portuguese, and is currently published in Finnish and Brazilian Portuguese.
However an eight-page comic was put out on May first 2010 for Red 5's free comic book day comic.
The original Superman series became The Adventures of Superman starting with issue #424.
It was written by John Smith, with art by Lee Carter.
THB is a comic book series by Paul Pope.
Wraithborn was published by WildStorm under its Wildstorm Signature imprint, which replaced the Cliffhanger imprint.
The Justice Society was established as existing on "Earth-Two" and the Justice League on "Earth-One".
Root credits the artist William Stout, as well as the Playboy cartoon feature Little Annie Fanny, as his inspirations for the character.
The Losers is a comic book series published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics, written by Andy Diggle and illustrated by Jock.
Girighiz is an Italian comic strip created by Enzo Lunari.
Venom: Lethal Protector was a six-issue comic book limited series featuring the Eddie Brock Venom, published by Marvel Comics from February 1993 to July 1993.
The story's theme is set in the first paragraph:
A Tarzan-based comic book series, it was published by Tomasina from 1950 to 1967.
The latter included such popular strips as Dixie Dugan, Joe Palooka, and the movie-series spin-off Charlie Chan.
So far, however, the only career she has found is as a roller-skating waitress at a restaurant.
The series continues the stories of the Ultimates.
It is a direct follow up to the events of "Ultimatum."
It lasted a total of five issues before being cancelled, along with EC's other New Direction comics.
A second series written by Mike Carey, with Portacio returning on art duties, was started in 2006 and ended in 2008.
Fantagraphics reprinted all fifteen issues in 2016 in a two-volume hardcover collection.
Regney had been invited by a record producer to write a Christmas song, but he was hesitant due to the commercialism of the Christmas holiday.
For most of its run, the lead feature was Wonder Woman, a character which had been introduced in All Star Comics #8.
His decision to self-publish after local publishers rejected his work garnered local significance in Singapore.
You got Wayne Howard ... probably the most deft practitioner of the Wally Wood school ever.
A Swedish edition of Buster began in 1967.
Between 1986 and 2004, 26 black-and-white volumes of the series were published by Leyland Publications, making it the longest-running anthology of gay male pornographic comics.
Scott liked it and wanted me to draw it.
The characters and comics were eventually adapted into cartoons, video games, movies, theme parks and a wide range of products.
It was later retconned as having occurred in the alternate universe of Earth-295.
Magik was a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 1983–1984, starring the fictional characters Magik and Storm.
The first issue was released on March 5, 2008 with silver foil accents not to be included on future printings.
Sparky Watts, a character created by Boody Rogers, started in issue 14, and judging by the number of covers and solo books, had the highest popularity.
They mainly concerned Swifty Chase, a lovestruck athlete who competed with rival Snubby Skeemer for the hand of Sunny Daye.
Central to the storyline is a territory war between Two-Face and the remnants of the Falcone mob, led by Sofia Falcone.
Quicken Forbidden was a comicbook title published by Cryptic Press, and created by writer Dave Roman and artist John Green.
The series was written by Charlie Huston, and premiered with a first issue cover dated February 2011.
With issue #35, the format changed to exclusively focus on one full-length story.
Demon Knights is a DC Comics title launched in 2011 as part of that company's line-wide title relaunch, The New 52.
It collects various mini-series, one-shots and back-up features featuring fictional paranormal detective Hellboy.
It was written by Jason Aaron and illustrated by Cameron Stewart.
Gotham City Sirens is an American comic book series was written by Paul Dini with art by Guillem March and published by DC Comics.
The plot is largely inspired by the film The Usual Suspects.
This event begins an eight-year-long series of cross-over events ending with Avengers vs. X-Men.
Negative Burn is a black-and-white anthology comic book published beginning in 1993 by Caliber Press, and subsequently by Image Comics and Desperado Publishing.
He attained the license to publish Halo comics, including the single-volume The Halo Graphic Novel, in 2005.
The series is made up of two ongoing series, two standard mini-series, a digital mini-series and several origin one-shots.
The entire run has been collected in nine trade paperback editions.
The first three titles feature the original Superboy, the legendary hero Superman as a boy.
The story concerns a troubled generation of ancestors to Jonathan "Pa" Kent.
This allowed for annual cross-dimensional team-ups of the teams between 1963 and 1985.
The characters cope with unrequited love and the search of a true lover are drawn in a stylized style.
Featured were animator Frank Tashlin's movie-cartoon duo The Fox and the Crow, along with cartoonist Woody Gelman's creations, The Dodo and the Frog and Nutsy Squirrel.
The series was written by Pat McGreal and David Rawson and illustrated by Chaz Truog and Rafael Kayanan.
It is written by Mike Carey and the art is done by Brandon Peterson.
Escape magazine was a British comic strip magazine founded and edited by Paul Gravett and Peter Stanbury.
Stories are reprinted in color with no ads.
Green Arrow: The Longbow Hunters is a three-issue prestige format comic book miniseries published in 1987 by DC Comics.
Number of the Beast is a comic book limited series, written by Scott Beatty, with art by Chris Sprouse.
World War Hulk: X-Men is a three-issue mini-series published by Marvel comics.
The series covers events prior to StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty.
The first incarnation of the character was the one created by the first human host to the symbiote, Eddie Brock, and—since 2011—its current host, Flash Thompson).
The title is a reference to the novel Chronicle of a Death Foretold by Gabriel García Márquez.
featured a mixture of American superhero strips alongside British humour and adventure strips.
It was written by John Byrne, with illustrations by Byrne and Tom Palmer.
PS238 is written and drawn by Aaron Williams and published by Do Gooder Press.
The Justice League was conceived by writer Gardner Fox and first appeared as a team in The Brave and the Bold #28.
The title met with little success commercially as it was published by Helix some time after the cancellation of the entire imprint had been announced.
Recurring artists included Robert Nixon, Tom Williams and Trevor Metcalfe.
Haunted was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1971 to 1984.
Stephen King is the Creative and Executive Director of the project.
The popularity of Worlds Collide subsequently led to a second crossover with the Sonic series, Worlds Unite.
It also introduced artists such as Peter Bagge, Dori Seda and Dennis Worden.
L'Omino Bufo is an Italian comic strip created by Alfredo Castelli.
The Picto-Fiction magazines lost money from the start, and the line was cancelled when EC's distributor went bankrupt.
It was originally published by Creston Publications, which became an imprint of American Comics Group in 1943.
The story takes place during the events of the second issue of Marvel Zombies vs.
Simon of the River 3 - Mailis
"Underworld Unleashed" was a multi-title comic book crossover event released by DC Comics in 1995.
Solo was canceled in 2006; in total, twelve issues appeared.
The first MCU tie-in comics to be published were Iron Man: Fast Friends, The Incredible Hulk: The Fury Files, and Nick Fury: Spies Like Us.
The original series, All-American Men of War, published 118 issues from 1956 to 1966.
By January 2017, Sonic Universe has lasted 94 issues.
From 1938 to 1951 the annual was called The Dandy Monster Comic.
It debuted in 1998 and was Michael Turner's first creator-owned comic book series.
Rarotonga was a Mexican comic book series in the Lágrimas, Risas y Amor comics published by EDAR which appeared between 1951 and 1998.
Frank in the River is a 24-page comic story by Jim Woodring.
Bedbug was portrayed as a sleepy character, often seen in bed or at least in bedclothes.
The title had 104 issues published from January 1940 to February 1949.
In 2009 a collected edition was published by IDW Publishing.
The series was followed by Digimon Adventure 02, which takes place a few years after the events of Adventure.
Predator, a trophy-hunting alien arrives on Earth and begins stalking high school student Archie Andrews and his classmates.
IDW then released a four-issue epilogue series titled Infestation: Outbreak from June 2011 – September 2011.
Volume 4 was released in January 2010.
Sebastian O is a comic book series written by Grant Morrison, drawn by Steve Yeowell and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics in 1993.
The two issues were published in 1989 and 1991 by Piranha Press, the "alternative comics" imprint of DC Comics.
The first series was produced by Marvel Comics from 1984 to 1991, which ran for 80 issues and produced four spin-off miniseries.
Castle Waiting is an Eisner Award winning graphic novel series created by Linda Medley.
The stories contained in the comic were also serialised in the UK comics anthology Overkill.
A follow up novel was announced at Comic-Con International 2012.
In January 2015, Jim Zub, creator of the Samurai Jack comic series, confirmed that the issues would be concluded with issue #20, in May 2015.
The comic features members of Carter's band the Backstreet Boys as themselves as well as a team of superheroes called "Cyber Crusaders".
The story features the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama as a Conan the Barbarian-style figure.
Real Deal Magazine was an independent comic book title published in the 1990s.
It lasted a total of five issues before being cancelled, along with EC's other New Direction comics.
Sabrina the Teenage Witch is a comic book series published by Archie Comics about the adventures of a fictional American teenager named Sabrina Spellman.
In 2006, Pure Imagination released the trade paperback Steve Ditko's The Thing!
Jax and the Hellhound is a limited series comic book by Dennis Morales Francis and published by Blackthorne Publishing.
When the miniseries was collected into a single edition in 2006, it was published under the name: Ghost Rider: Road to Damnation.
Batman: In Darkest Knight is a one-shot comic book, published in 1994 and written by Mike W. Barr with art by Jerry Bingham.
After issue six was published, Smith and Flanagan's work on their reality show, Comic Book Men, extended this planned break further than expected.
The Dark Age was set in the 1970s and 1980s and ran 16 issues.
The architecture, clothes, weapons and other objects are drawn with a faithfulness to period style.
These characters often reappeared, but it wasn't always the same character that had been seen previously.
The story focuses on Luther Drake, a troubled man who becomes a costumed vigilante "hero" by accident and media pressure.
Spending much of the 1970s as Marvel UK's flagship title, MWOM published black & white reprints of American Marvel four-colour material.
It was followed by a 4 issue sequel entitled Just a Pilgrim: Garden of Eden in 2002.
It was written by Jonathan Lincoln and has art done by Francis Tsai, Derek Donovan, and Abhishek Malsuni.
It also saw a rare Alan Moore Marvel Comics credit outside of his early Marvel UK work.
The first Marvel comic that Firestar appeared in was 1981's Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends #1.
The series also visits Kafka's former teammates who each have adapted to their life post-$tranger$ in their own way.
Naughty Bits was a comic book series written and illustrated by Roberta Gregory, and published by Fantagraphics Books.
Among other things, it featured the Pen-Friends pages, a popular section where readers could make new friends overseas.
Trees is a science fiction comic book series by Warren Ellis and Jason Howard, published by American company Image Comics.
The Joker is a comic book series published by DC Comics starring the super-villain the Joker.
Club named it one of the best comics of the decade.
Set in the Mass Effect universe, Redemption takes place two years before the events of the video game Mass Effect 2.
Marjorie Liu wrote the final 21 issues of the series until its end at issue #68.
It was originally published by the imprint Elseworld.
Young Romance is a romantic comic book series created by Joe Simon and Jack Kirby for the Crestwood Publications imprint Prize Comics in 1947.
Ian Edginton has described it as "Agatha Christie meets Silent Hill."
It was written by Bone creator Jeff Smith and illustrated by Charles Vess, who earned an Eisner nomination for his work on it.
The third leg of a thematic trilogy if you like."
It ran for four years before ending in 1998.
Button Man is a comic strip created for the British comic 2000 AD, written by John Wagner and illustrated by Arthur Ranson.
Starting in 2001, it ran for 35 issues before it was forced to end by the bankruptcy of CrossGen in 2004.
The story takes place somewhere in America, now a barren desert and dustbowl without modern technology.
It debuted on May 9, 2007, directly following the conclusion of the last issue of 52.
"Higher Earth Hits A Second Print From Boom".
Over the fifty years of publication of the Clifton series, approximately twenty albums and twenty smaller stories have been published, totalling about 800 pages.
Justice League Task Force was an American monthly comic book series published by DC Comics from June 1993 to August 1996; it lasted 37 issues.
Pugacioff is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Giorgio Rebuffi.
It is based on the Salvatore's The DemonWars Saga and focuses on the elven trained barbarian ranger Andacanavar.
It ran for four issues from 1994 to 1995.
The title "crack" referred to "being at the top of one's form," like a "crack sharpshooter."
Aspen Seasons is a special anthology published semi-annually by Aspen Comics.
The digital relaunch was not successful and the comic ended just six months later.
For its initial eight issues, The New Wave was published bi-weekly as a 16-page book.
Its characters include Dennis the Menace, Minnie the Minx, The Bash Street Kids, The Numskulls, Roger the Dodger, Billy Whizz and Ball Boy.
The comic was written by Ford Lytle Gillmore, pencilled by Tomm Coker, with Troy Hubbs and Christy Stuck inking and Jason Palmer as the colorist.
On February 25, 2015, it was announced that Matt Fraction made a deal with Universal TV to turn Sex Criminals into a television show.
All issues featured cover art by DC artist Ernie Chua.
Other cast members include Luke Cage, superhero and boyfriend to Jessica, the Bugle's publisher, J. Jonah Jameson, and senior editor Joseph "Robbie" Robertson.
Although never the official title, Captain America was cover titled Captain America and the Falcon from issue #134 to issue #222.
Other recurring characters include Gwen and P.J., both of whom are non-superheroic, as well as Susanoo the Brawler, a tempestuous girl related to the Japanese god.
When this comic was first published, the cover showed Batman holding a shadowed corpse, so as not to ruin the surprise of who dies.
The Superman Chronicles: Volume Nine collects material from Action Comics #48–52, Superman #16–17, and World's Finest Comics #6; June 2011; ISBN 978-1-4012-3122-4
Running concurrently with the longer-running Marvel comic The Tomb of Dracula, the continuities of the two titles occasionally overlapped, with storylines weaving between the two.
Nth Man and Alfie O'Meagan first appeared in Marvel Comics Presents #25.
The other half of the series is told from the perspective of Speedball of the New Warriors.
The artwork is of Ross' very own photorealism, and the books themselves were created after the success of Ross' and writer Mark Waid's famous Kingdom Come.
The vampire hunter Blade starred in two stories by writer Marv Wolfman and artist Tony DeZuniga, in issues #8-9.
Literary critics have expressed mixed views on the narrative and artwork.
It lasted a total of five issues before being cancelled along with EC's other New Direction comics.
It follows the adventures of the eponymous heroine Jessica Blandy, a blonde femme fatale from California who works as a journalist.
The nurse who injected these children would later go on to become the superhero Contrary, who utilized other Fire People technology to assist and organize Ultraforce.
The series was edited by E. Nelson Bridwell and ran for six issues from March/April 1976 to January/February 1977.
The issues of Eightball beginning with #19 have been published in full color in a larger magazine-sized format.
It was written by Judd Winick and illustrated by Ale Garza and Trevor Scott.
After the Fall was then followed by an ongoing series, with rotating writers and artists but without the input of Joss Whedon.
Teen-Age Romances was an American romance comic series produced by St. John Publications.
Writer Ron Goulart and Roy Thomas and artist Win Mortimer adapted the vampire short story "The Vampyre", by John Polidori, in issue #1.
The series was written by Roger Stern and drawn by Sean Chen, Scott Hanna, Steve Oliff and Troy Peteri.
The book was published by DC Comics in 2004.
It's a side-story, within the same universe and timeline of the Van Helsing universe.
The fourth and final issue was published in June 2010.
Beginning with #14 A.U., it has become the Avengers book used for crossovers.
Girls' Love Stories was an American romance comic book magazine published by DC Comics in the United States.
Marvel 1602: Fantastick Four is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 2006.
After concluding in 2012, it was succeeded by Charmed: Season 10 which debuted on October 8, 2014 and ended on September 14, 2016.
Escape of the Living Dead is a five-issue zombie comic book limited series published by Avatar Press, published in 2005.
Carbon Grey is a comic book mini-series created by artist Hoang Nguyen, and published by Image Comics.
The team originally appeared in Fly-Man No.
Several other unpublished stories for the title were published by AC Comics.
It was replaced by the title The Human Torch, which began with issue #2, continuing the numbering inherited from Red Raven Comics.
The time for one complete cycle, a left swing and a right swing, is called the period.
Blue Ribbon Comics was also the title of an unrelated six-issue comic book series published in 1948–1949 by St. John Publications.
In the series, vampires, being vulnerable to sunlight, take advantage of the prolonged darkness to openly kill the townspeople and feed at will.
Relative Heroes was a limited comic book series published by DC Comics in six issues, from March 2000 through October 2000.
The comic book, starring an eponymous purple hero, spawned an animated series on MTV.
is based on a Jerry Grandenetti panel from the cover of All-American Men of War #89.
Final Crisis: Rogues' Revenge is a three-issue 2008 mini-series produced by DC Comics.
The prequel story focused on one of the four main characters from the miniseries: Gorim the goblin.
Madureira produced a total of nine issues in four years, a pace for which he was criticized.
Harrison, however, had no editorial control over the contents of the comic aside from his own stories and left EC by the end of 1950.
This stable of artists, along with Crumb, remained mostly constant throughout the history of Zap.
In an essay written at the time of publication, Warren Ellis said:
The limited series covers events that happened both before and after the Uncanny X-Men appearance.
It is set primarily at the beginning of the Edo period of Japanese history and features anthropomorphic animals replacing humans.
Chew is an American comic book series about a U.S. Food and Drug Administration agent who solves crimes by receiving psychic impressions from food, including people.
The series was written by Geoff Johns, Grant Morrison, Greg Rucka, and Mark Waid, with layouts by Keith Giffen.
Alan Moore's The Courtyard is a 2-issue comic book mini-series adaptation of a 1994 prose story written by Alan Moore, published in 2003 by Avatar Press.
The first issue of Warfront was September 1951.
Eltingville is the name given to a series of comics created by Evan Dorkin.
Samuel Creeps, a school swot who outwitted bullies
Amok is an Italian comic book series created by Cesare Solini and Antonio Canale.
Hothead Paisan: Homicidal Lesbian Terrorist is an alternative comic written and drawn by Diane DiMassa.
Once there, he comes across hostile Native American tribes and gangsters, each of whom he outwits, before returning to Belgium.
The comic book received extensive media attention upon its arrival, including favorable reviews in Entertainment Weekly and Publishers Weekly.
Lowlife is a semi-autobiographical comic book series written and drawn by Ed Brubaker, originally published by Caliber Comics and later Aeon Press.
It was published by Marvel Comics in 2006.
Published in 2004 by Crossgen Comics to rave reviews, the series halted after three issues when Crossgen went out of business.
The genre is military science fiction, and the series deals with such ideas as time dilation and time travel.
The first issue had a cover date of January–February 1956, but the second issue was the last.
Within the publication were tears, laughter and love, and dedicated to mostly romantic themed storylines.
It, along with its sequel Batman and the Mad Monk, are set in between the events of Batman: Year One and Batman: The Man Who Laughs.
Published by Wagon Wheel Comics, the serialized story features a robot and a yeti who defend the earth from external threats.
The series ran from 1977 to 1979.
Humbug, for instance was of a miserable disposition.
Although the series was cancelled in 2005, 2009 saw the 6-issue miniseries, NYX: No Way Home.
At the time the Justice League was featured in three separate series: Justice League America, Justice League Europe and Justice League Quarterly.
It is written by Mike Costa, with art by Ramón Pérez, with the prequel being written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning, with pencils by C.P.
The first story arc features the return of Nightcrawler, who had been dead since the 2010 story line, X-Men Second Coming.
The second series was based on the animated TV series Spider-Man Unlimited, and was not set in the Marvel Universe.
In addition, a new unrelated ongoing series titled X-Men was later released starting in 2010, and is generally referred to as X-Men, vol.
It was written by Jason M. Burns and the Jericho writing team.
The title was the first in the "romance humor" genre.
Part of EC's Picto-Fiction line, each magazine featured three to five stories.
Artists featured include Bud Parke, Jack Kamen, Joe Orlando, Wally Wood, Johnny Craig, Rudy Nappi and Reed Crandall.
The first issue was printed in July 2008.
In a report published by Folha de S.Paulo, many have pointed to plagiarism of the comic committed by Avatar, the James Cameron movie.
It was created by writer Brad Meltzer and the artistic team of penciler Rags Morales and inker Michael Bair.
Using the Pillar, McKay and his fellow "Dimensionauts" leap between worlds at will, taking anything they want for the benefit of their home reality.
Northlanders is written by Brian Wood, illustrated by various artists on a per storyline basis, and with painted cover art by Massimo Carnevale.
All EC titles have been reprinted at various times since their demise, and stories from the horror series have been adapted for television and film.
Life with Archie was a comic book published by Archie comics from 1958 to 1991.
The series was replaced by X-Force Volume 4.
It was published by DC Comics from July 2003 until it was canceled with issue #20 in May 2005 because of low sales.
Fathom is currently published by Turner's own company, Aspen MLT.
More than 1,000 issues were published, usually with multiple titles released every month.
A number of the prisoners had innate superhuman powers while many, like Obregon Kaine, were ordinary humans.
Solo Avengers was an American comic book series, published by Marvel Comics, and was a spin-off from the company's superhero team title The Avengers.
The Killing Joke provides an origin story for the supervillain the Joker, loosely adapted from the 1951 story arc "The Man Behind the Red Hood!".
The first issue was released in July 2007 to tie in with the release of the film.
A third series, also titled Men of War starred Sgt.
The story depicts the origin of the clandestine ninja organization known as The Hand.
The Ultimate Universe isn't very old, so this isn't a cosmic story.
It was written by Jim Starlin, illustrated by Bernie Wrightson, colored by Bill Wray and edited by Denny O'Neil.
The comic books were part of a limited series consisting of five issues, each focusing on the past and present life of a different clone.
Hawkeye: Blindspot continues the storyline staged in Hawkeye & Mockingbird and Widowmaker.
The series stars many characters from the MC2 universe, such as A-Next and the Fantastic Five.
It's a Bird is a graphic novel released by Vertigo in 2004.
That same series also included the first comic book to be labeled "Marvel Comics".
DC Universe Presents is the name of two DC Comics publications.
A series of books based on the comics and also titled The Books of Magic had been released and marketed in this form to children.
The Dreamhoppers were a group of fictional superhero characters that appeared in comic books published by Laizen Comics.
The ClanDestine is a superhero comic book series created by writer/artist Alan Davis and published by Marvel Comics.
First published in 1991, Furrlough originally featured military-themed comic book stories with anthropomorphic characters.
Titles included World of Archie, World of Jughead, Katy Keene, Betty and Veronica Summer Spectacular, Sabrina's Christmas Magic and many others.
It was self-published under the banner of Rubber Blanket Press in a deluxe, oversized format from 1991 to 1993.
In 2007, the imprint and all its titles were acquired by a new venture called ACK Media.
The series was released in 2011 written by Andy Diggle.
Ultimate X-Men was then relaunched by Nick Spencer and Paco Medina, with the title now called Ultimate Comics: X-Men.
Each issue is an isolated story, but they all revolve around the lives of young people.
As with Hellboy stories generally, it was published by Dark Horse Comics.
It was the first of the Marvel Fairy Tales which went to tell similar stories for other Marvel titles.
The third Hawaiian Dick series ran five issues, and was subtitled Screaming Black Thunder.
The Transformers: Hearts of Steel is a comic book miniseries published by IDW Publishing.
The series is also influenced somewhat by Groo the Wanderer by Sergio Aragonés, but the overall tone of Usagi Yojimbo is more serious and reflective.
Necron is the title character of an Italian humorous-horror adult comics miniseries published between 1981 and 1985.
The series consists of three issues and was published from July through October of 2001.
Archie is an ongoing comic book series featuring the Archie Comics character Archie Andrews.
The collection was withdrawn and pulped after DC became concerned about a scene in one of the stories.
The team's only appearances were in the Fallen Angels eight-issue limited series, written by Jo Duffy, which ran from April 1987 to November 1987.
Art for the first six-issue storyline was provided by J.H.
Originally meant to be a tetralogy, Disney Publishing changed plans to eight Abadazad volumes, of which only three were published.
American Legends is a joint comic book venture of Top Cow Productions and Heroes and Villains Entertainment.
The series is a modernized re-imagining of Marvel's long-running X-Men comic book franchise as part of its Ultimate Marvel imprint.
Young Love was one of the earliest romance comics titles, published by Crestwood/Prize, and later sold to DC Comics.
Mr. Monster was derived from an old 1940's character created by Fred Kelly who appeared only twice in 1940s Canadian comic books.
Most importantly, she is accused of releasing a creature called the Quicken, which must now be captured and contained.
Its often-controversial content led to one printer and one distributor refusing to handle it.
The first full-color issue of Furrlough, Furrlough Color Special #1, arrived in comic book shops on June 17, 2009.
It was written by Alan Moore and drawn by Jim Baikie.
The series was primarily written by Kurt Busiek and pencilled by Pat Olliffe, though Roger Stern, Tom DeFalco, and Ron Frenz also contributed.
The Sub-Mariner story continues from Tales to Astonish #101, and continues in Sub-Mariner #1.
A fourth volume was launched in 2011 as part of The New 52.
Penguin: Pain and Prejudice is a limited comic book series written by Gregg Hurwitz and published by DC Comics.
After the first arc of Young X-Men, the characters began appearing in the pages of Uncanny X-Men.
The setting is an alternate-history version of San Francisco in the second half of the 19th century.
It ran for three issues in 2000.
Tracker is a joint comic book venture of Top Cow Productions and Heroes and Villains Entertainment.
Fathom is a comic book created by Michael Turner and originally published by Top Cow Productions.
A color comic-book imprint, Epic Comics, was spun off in 1982.
Wetworks is an American comic book series created by comic book artist Whilce Portacio and writer Brandon Choi.
is an American horror comic book published by Charlton Comics that ran 17 issues from 1952 to 1954.
The Karate Kid was a commercial success upon release and garnered critical acclaim, earning Morita an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
Each issue of The Biologic Show contains several short stories and illustrated poems.
Firebrand, the initial lead feature, was soon eclipsed by Jack Cole's popular Plastic Man, who took the cover and the lead from issues #5-102.
The Circle is a comic book series written by Brian Reed, with art by Ian Hosfeld.
Professor Palmboom is a comic album series written and drawn by Dutch artist Dick Briel.
It was written by Mark Wheatley and drawn by Marc Hempel.
In 1602: Witchhunter Angela of Marvel's 2015 Secret Wars event, Angela appears as a hunter of witchbreed.
When Millar completed his year-long story arc, he was followed by writer Reginald Hudlin.
Tragg appeared in issues #3 and 9 before getting his own title.
Ted Kord is an inventor wearing a pair of antennae.
She Died is a Filipino comic series written by Wattpad author HaveYouSeenThisGirl and illustrated by Enjelicious.
Dark Horse Presents was the first comic book published by American company Dark Horse Comics from 1986.
It is the first part of Matt Wagner's two part Dark Moon Rising series, which are expanded and modernized versions of early Batman stories.
Batman versus Predator is a comic book crossover featuring a duel between Batman and the alien from the Predator film.
The series had initially been envisioned as a 50-issue series.
Cages is a ten-issue comic book limited series by Dave McKean.
Solus was a late comer to the Crossgen line-up but was a pivotal title within the overall Sigilverse history.
The first issue was released on May 23, 2012 to positive reviews and received a second printing in April 2013.
Various writers and artists have worked on the title.
NHS takes place in a suburban town known as Quagmire, located "somewhere in the Midwest".
Neither the umbrella title nor the numbering system appear on the cover; the title "DC Special Series" appeared only on the first page in the indicia.
Starslayer: The Log of the Jolly Roger was an American comic book series created by Mike Grell.
The Hernandez brothers produced stories independently of each other.
A significant commercial success, the title launched a sword-and-sorcery vogue in American 1970s comics.
The Wicked + The Divine has received positive reviews, and was the winner of Best Comic at the 2014 British Comic Awards.
As he slowly dies, the spirit tells him many tales.
Danger Girl is an American comic book series created by J. Scott Campbell and Andy Hartnell.
It also mimics several of the plot points of the series to tell its story.
DC Countdown, commonly referred to as Countdown to Infinite Crisis, is a one-shot publication and the official start of the "Infinite Crisis" storyline.
ODY-C is an ongoing comic book series created by Eisner award winning writer Matt Fraction and artist Christian Ward.
As with all the Power Comics, Smash!
Larry Yuma is the title character of an Italian western comics series created by Carlo Boscarato and Claudio Nizzi.
The comic uses cartoon characters drawn in a simple style similar to Hanna-Barbera and photographs to tell the story of a comic world gone wrong.
The rebels counterattack but are soundly defeated.
Contributors to Aces High include George Evans, Wally Wood, Jack Davis and Bernie Krigstein.
In IGN, Tres Dean noted the creators' "complex and intriguing worldbuilding and precise, emotional character work", as well as Tocchini's "impeccable and breathtaking" art.
The series explores the space-orientated side and cosmic mythos of DC Universe.
is a series of erotic Italian comic books written and illustrated by comic book creator Milo Manara.
The parodies were dropped after about 18 issues.
It is a spin-off from the Vertigo series Hellblazer, featuring John Constantine's oldest and closest friend, Francis 'Chas' Chandler.
The series was cancelled abruptly after the seventh issue.
Sam Kieth inked "a single panel and drew a 'Next Issue' pin-up".
The character first appeared in Pep Comics #22.
Volume 1 consisted of 6 issues; 2, 8; 3, 9; 14; the fifth and final volume was 5 issues.
18 and 24 imported by Little Sister's bookstore of Vancouver, British Columbia were classified as "obscene" and seized by Canada Customs.
Pepito is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Luciano Bottaro.
Later in the same year it was reprinted in serial form in 2000 AD, issues 483-492.
That same year, the series was reprinted in smaller format as a premium for Batman breakfast cereal.
The series centers on the five original X-Men, brought from the past to the present to confront their future counterparts.
The dark, cruel streaks that made Tammy so revolutionary in the 1970s had disappeared, except for Bella Barlow.
It only ran 10 of the planned 25 issues, due to a lack of sales.
Flight is an American comics anthology series edited by Kazu Kibuishi, showcasing young and innovative artists and writers.
In an interview, Hickman said that the series would be a prequel to Mark Millar's limited series The Ultimates,
In early issues Buster often referred to his father, and Andy was seen in the comic.
East of West is a monthly comic book series published by Image Comics which debuted in March 2013.
The main villain in the film Firewalker is seen reading an issue of Psi-Force.
1: Under the Knife, while the second mini-series and The Resuscitation are scheduled to be collected as Witch Doctor Vol.
JLA: Act of God is a three issue limited series published by DC Comics under the Elseworlds banner in 2000.
Iron Man vs. Whiplash is a four-part comic book series from Marvel Comics.
Neat Stuff's contents were collected in four books: The Bradleys, Studs Kirby, Junior and Other Losers, and Stupid Comics.
The series is unrelated to and should not be confused with the earlier similarly named Wildstorm series The Resistance.
Marvel: The End is a six-issue comic book series published in 2003 by Marvel Comics.
New titles were released to bring the number of ongoing monthly series to fifty-two.
It ran for 32 issues and an annual.
The ghetto was established in Alphabet City, Manhattan, a neighborhood in the East Village.
The book contains four stories, all starring the characters Spike and Drusilla.
It was also released as a Hardcover version with all three episodes in one book.
The Sandwalk Adventures is a graphic novel created by Assistant Professor of Biology at Juniata College, Jay Hosler.
Comic book writer Warren Ellis considered Wasted "an early work by a potentially brilliant creator".
It was published by the Vertigo imprint of American company DC Comics in 2002.
The series was written by David Quinn, with pencils by Mel Rubi, inks by Mike Perkins and cover art by Eric Kohler.
All-Flash, originally published as All-Flash Quarterly, was a comic book magazine series published by All-American Publications and later National Periodicals.
Apache Skies is a four-issue comic book limited series, published in 2002 by Marvel Comics as a part of that company's MAX imprint.
Stephen King is the Creative and Executive Director of the project.
Gotham Underground is a nine-issue limited series from DC Comics, written by Frank Tieri, with art by Jim Califiore.
Point Blank was a five-issue comic book limited series written by Ed Brubaker with art by Colin Wilson.
The series was written by Jim Starlin, and drawn by Ron Lim.
Scare Tactics is a comic book series published by DC Comics.
The first story has also been translated to Spanish, Swedish and French.
It was written by Warren Ellis, with art by James Raiz and Andrew Currie.
It has also been noted for its diverse portrayal of ethnicity, sexuality and gender social roles.
Rock 'N' Roll Comics originally contained straight biographies in comics form and Mad magazine-style parodies.
The American Way of life is individualistic, dynamic, and pragmatic.
After issue #33 The Invincible Iron Man returned to its original numbering with issue #500.
Joker reveals that his real name is Jeremy Beadle.
Green Lantern: Emerald Dawn is a 1989-1990 limited series comic book published by DC Comics.
The series ran until 27 May 2000, with the final strip depicting the Ark reaching dry land.
The series was also a commercial success, with some issues requiring reprinting due to high demand.
The seven original members were Batman, Aquaman, the Flash, Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter, Superman, and Wonder Woman.
Their investigation soon gets put on hold when they learn of a plot to destroy their town through witchcraft and demonic spirits.
It was also the first comic book series to be printed on Baxter paper instead of newsprint.
2000 AD has been a successful launchpad for getting British talent into the larger American comics market.
The second was his brother, Obo-san, to whom the Sigil was passed when Todosi was killed.
Then the first two issues were reprinted and the series ran for a total of five issues in 1987-89, before Continuity Comics closed down.
Diceman was a short-lived British comic which ran for five issues in 1986.
Urth 4 is a comic-book series created by Peter Stone, Neal Adams and Trevor Von Eeden and published by Continuity Comics.
From 1990 to 1993 reruns of the show were aired as a part of the Disney Afternoon lineup.
Zorry Kid is the title character of an Italian comic series created by Benito Jacovitti.
Pier Cloruro de' Lambicchi is an Italian comic strip series created by Giovanni Manca.
Action Comics would go on to run for 904 numbered issues before it restarted its numbering in the fall of 2011.
The Millennium Bug affects Vid Kid's remote, resulting in the entire universe being turned off.
The series was heavily influenced by cyberpunk science fiction.
In January 2012, the first issue of the Godkiller 2: Tomorrow's Ashes comic book series debuted as a digital series.
Captain Britain and MI13 is an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics and written by Paul Cornell, with art by Leonard Kirk.
The series was a sequel to 2000s Blaze of Glory.
He falls in love with American delivery girl Ramona Flowers, but must defeat her seven evil exes in order to date her.
It was written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Steve Dillon.
Written by Chris Claremont, with artwork by Dusty Abell and Drew Geraci, under the Elseworlds imprint of DC Comics.
The six-issue work shows some of the strongest influences of manga and bande dessinée on Miller's style, both in the artwork and narrative style.
Copies in Near Mint condition command prices in the hundreds of dollars.
It will be released in Spain by Dreamers.
The series finds Cable awakening after Avengers vs. X-Men and on the run with his new team of X-Force from the Uncanny Avengers.
Their backstory was revealed in New Titans Annual #7 by writer Marv Wolfman, and were popular enough to merit their own series, which Wolfman also wrote.
Charmed: Season 10 was a comic book series that was published monthly by Zenescope Entertainment, which owns the publishing rights to the Charmed comic book series.
Created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in Strange Tales #135, it often deals with paranormal and superhuman threats.
It stars many characters from the MC2 Universe and is a sequel to the 2005 miniseries Last Hero Standing.
In the 1980s an average edition contained about 220 000 prints and became one of the most popular comic books for children.
", a reference to the title masthead being made up of steam-billowing pipes.
The crossover involved almost every DC Universe monthly series published at the time.
Ken Parker, however, had been created three years earlier on a magazine of the same publisher.
10 issues were published between 2003 and 2005.
The Last of the Greats is a comic book limited series created by writer Joshua Hale Fialkov and artist Brent Peeples.
He is a founding member of the Legion of Super-Heroes, and was the original leader in all incarnations of the Legion.
Like The Tick and, less satirically, Watchmen it takes place in a universe of vaguely familiar costumed crime fighters.
36 issues of Marvel Classics Comics were published, 12 of them being reprints of another publisher's work.
It is written by Fabian Nicieza and illustrated by Kevin Maguire.
The story was completed in the graphic novel Assassin's Creed: The Chain, published by UbiWorkshop.
In 2011, the series was reprinted by Moonstone Books as Angeltown: The Nate Hollis Investigations, which included two new illustrated short stories by Phillips.
Spike vs Dracula is a comic book limited series based on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel television series.
He is a widely appreciated character in Italy and all over former Yugoslavia.
It is an ambitious and bizarre fantasy-adventure involving monstrous superheroes, the Cold War, and spiritual evolution.
It was later republished as a single volume by Image Comics.
Weirdo served as a "low art" counterpoint to its contemporary highbrow Raw.
Dixon and DiVito researched various parts of history when writing Brath.
Holocaust's name was mentioned by Apocalypse in issue #4, a year before the character made its first actual appearance in the Age of Apocalypse story arc.
Kaspin senses something wrong with her brain, but Shulk shrugs it off and burrows underground to find Betty #6.
Green Lantern: Mosaic was an American comic book series published by DC Comics starring the fictional character Green Lantern.
Nevada is the title of an American comic book limited series published by DC Comics under its Vertigo imprint in 1998.
Cable & Deadpool were ranked #7 on Marvel.com's list of "The 10 Greatest Buddy Teams" of all time.
Star Trek: Khan is a five-issue comic book prequel and sequel to the 2013 film Star Trek Into Darkness by IDW Publishing.
It was created by Keith Giffen, J.M.
The New Wave was a superhero team comic book published 1986-87 by Eclipse Comics.
Continuity in the DC Universe is divided into pre-Crisis and post-Crisis periods.
It was co-written by Geoff Johns and Kris Grimminger, with artwork provided by Liam Sharp.
Its cover price was 20p, represented by a stylized graphic depiction of a 20p coin.
Joe: Infestation was released in March 2011.
Mek is a three-issue comic book mini-series published in 2003 by WildStorm, written by Warren Ellis, pencilled by Steve Rolston and inked by Al Gordon.
The previously unpublished story was printed in a limited edition by Boardman Books prior to the sale of Hartberg's original art.
Image Comics began publishing it in September 2011.
The series was adapted into a Saturday morning cartoon by Hanna-Barbera Productions in 1970 and a live-action motion picture by Universal Studios and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 2001.
It features the title character wreaking violent vengeance on male oppressors.
The series consists of six digest size black-and-white volumes, released between August 2004 and July 2010, by Portland-based independent comic book publisher Oni Press.
The series featured a fictional covert organization working for the United Nations.
Ultimate X-Men almost completely ignores supernatural or mystical elements as plot devices, and the X-Men have no secret identities, and mutants are mistrusted and hunted down.
It was written by Andrew Dabb, with pencils by Steve Kurth and inks by Serge LaPointe.
on 14th September 1968, and Fantastic on 2nd November 1968.
Agents is a fictional team of superheroes that appeared in comic books originally published by Tower Comics in the 1960s.
Seaguy is a three-volume comic book miniseries written by Grant Morrison with art by Cameron Stewart and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.
The comic stars an eponymous group of female secret agents who engage in adventures in the vein of Charlie's Angels, James Bond and Indiana Jones.
The story follows three characters as they lead separate investigations into the murder of a woman.
Whiteout: Melt is the title of a comic book limited series written by Greg Rucka, illustrated by Steve Lieber, and published by Oni Press in 2000.
It relates the comedic activities of the staff and denizens of the eponymous animal sanctuary/rehabilitation clinic.
During initial solicitations the comic was entitled DC Countdown to postpone revelation of an upcoming crisis.
The series follows the adventures of the 31st century spaceship Sol III, which has fled Earth with a cargo of refugees.
Bear is a popular black and white alternative comic book created by British writer/artist Jamie Smart and published in the United States by Slave Labor Graphics.
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen is a comic book series co-created by writer Alan Moore and artist Kevin O'Neill which began in 1999.
"LaFlora", "LaFlora: the best of my country", "LaFlora Board game", "LaFlora: Honey Rally", "LaFlora: Club Festa", "LaFlora Animation", "LaFlora Novel" and "Comictionary LaFlora: Rosary Please".
A third monthly ongoing series, Peter Parker, The Spectacular Spider-Man, debuted in 1976.
The series was published through IDW Publishing from June 2011 through October 2011 and comprised four issues.
The writers attempted to take the three separate mythologies and combine them into one coherent continuity.
Issues three and four, along with New Warrior #67, were collected in Spider-Man: The Complete Ben Reilly Epic Book 2.
Ghostly Tales was part of a wave of new horror and suspense comics published by Charlton during this period.
A second Witchblade television series was announced for development in January 2017.
After the lawsuit, the story moved closer to the canon of the games, with many of the characters created for the comic no longer appearing.
Both issues are collected in Spider-Man: The Complete Ben Reilly Epic Book 1.
This complete run was later rebound, with covers included, in a single softcover EC Annual.
Chickenhare is a series of graphic novels, written and illustrated by the American author Chris Grine.
The "Robotech Defenders" were one of two "Robotech" lines released by Revell, the other being the "Robotech Changers".
Marville is a 2002 comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.
While some stories have tied in with the other titles, generally this has not been the case
The series ran for 40 issues from 1952 through 1957, at which time the title was renamed because of the real life breakup of the team.
The following seven issues detail the aftermath of the assassination.
There are four Chronicles worth of comics in each oversized hardcover Batman: The Golden Age Omnibus.
Fire was among Bendis's first works to draw critical acclaim.
Schulz began to discuss an anthology of his work with Fantagraphics Books in 1997.
However, the issue focused on Nux and Immortan Joe and the two issues focused on Max Rockatansky were received more positively.
Super-Team Family is a comic book anthology series published by DC Comics from 1975 to 1978 that lasted for fifteen issues.
CrossGen Chronicles was an American comic book published by CrossGen Entertainment from June 2000 to July 2002.
The series concept and characters were created by film director/writer Antoine Fuqua and actor Wesley Snipes.
The Moon and Serpent Bumper Book of Magic is an upcoming hardcover work by Alan Moore and Steve Moore.
Tammy had more long-running regulars than most girls' comics due to her respective merges.
The Pre-Teen Dirty-Gene Kung-Fu Kangaroos was an American comic book created by Lee Marrs and published by Blackthorne Publishing.
The moon turns out to be inhabited by beings named Oogs, who live underground.
The physical characteristic of Sukia is said to have been inspired from the looks of actress, Ornella Muti.
Rock and was published from November 2011–June 2012.
anything I could get my hands on.
Usagi Yojimbo is a comic book series created by Stan Sakai.
The series is written by Peter Milligan and features a rotating cast of artists.
The final issue, number 132, was cover-dated 25 August 1973.
It is set in a post-apocalyptic future in New Bethleham USA and features a heavy Mod content among the characters.
Las Mujeres Perdidas is the third volume of the American comics series Love and Rockets by the Hernandez brothers, Gilbert and Jaime, and published in 1987.
It also features characters created by other Image Comics creators such as Erik Larsen's Savage Dragon.
Q strip was a Croatian comic book magazine edited by Darko Macan.
Set in the fictional world of Warhammer 40,000, it is a vision of never-ending war.
Following a one-shot titled The Death of Optimus Prime, two new ongoing series started in January 2012, Robots in Disguise and More Than Meets the Eye.
A second volume of Action Comics with issue #1 ran from 2011 to 2016.
Ghostbusters: Legion is a 2004 comic book mini-series published by the Quebec-based publisher, 88MPH Studios run by Canadian Sebastien Clavet.
Voltar was a comic strip title and comic book character created, written, and illustrated by Filipino illustrator Alfredo Alcala in 1963.
Thief of Thieves is a monthly comic book series published by Image Comics' Skybound imprint which premiered in 2012.
Drawn by Barrie Appleby and later moved to Hoot before joining Dimples in The Dandy.
The series is accompanied by a series of one-shots which fill in events between issues.
Djinn is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Jean Dufaux and illustrated by Ana Mirallès.
The art is done by J. Korim and Jessie Lam.
Johnny the Homicidal Maniac is the first comic book by Jhonen Vasquez.
Wilbur also made appearances in several other Archie comics, such as Pep Comics, as a backup feature.
This is important to the Underworld Unleashed storyline, since the superheroes involved are driven by the belief that Superman is the key to Neron's plans.
The series pits the Legion's three founders against one of their deadliest enemies, the Time Trapper.
Earlier, there had been an animated series produced by Filmation Associates.
Starlight is a six-issue limited series from Image Comics, written by Mark Millar with art by Goran Parlov.
Billy Batson and the Magic of Shazam!
A comic book-sized continuation, Jim Volume II, with some color, began in 1993 and ran for six issues until 1996.
Crossed is a comic book written by Garth Ennis and drawn by Jacen Burrows for the first ten issues, and published by Avatar Press.
A small notice was published on all the pages, identifying which comic the strip comes from.
Between January and May 2000, Cochran reprinted all five individual issues.
Jack Cross was a comic book series written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Gary Erskine.
The stories did not take place in the DC Universe.
The series debuted in 2009, released through Image Comics' partner studio Shadowline.
Wells, before becoming a vehicle for a supernatural action series starring an original character, the Living Mummy.
The series spawned two comic book titles, Teen Titans Go!
Transformers Comic was a British Comic based on the Transformers toyline and film series, published monthly by Titan Magazines between 2007 and 2014.
World of Fantasy was a science fiction/fantasy comic book anthology series published by Marvel Comics' 1950s predecessor company, Atlas Comics.
A video game adaptation of the series by Prope was released for PlayStation Portable on January 17, 2013.
Upon publication in the US it did not become mainstream, but gained an audience nonetheless.
for want of a shoe the horse was lost,
The publisher released four magazine-sized black-and-white issues starting in September 1987.
These features ran until issue #7 until it became economically infeasible for DC to continue publishing so many adaptations of Burroughs' work.
However, when questioned Ellis himself insisted that "All I can tell you is that we've never heard from David Friendly."
Adventures Into the Unknown was an American comic-book magazines series best known as the medium's first ongoing horror-comics title.
It was changed in 1991 to Strategic Hazard Intervention Espionage Logistics Directorate.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Nine is a comic book series published by Dark Horse Comics from 2011 to 2013.
Artists have included Butch Guice, Greg Land, Ed Benes and Joe Bennett; Nicola Scott began a stint as artist with issue #100.
Early issues of Weirdo reflect Crumb's interests at the time – outsider art, fumetti, Church of the SubGenius-type anti-propaganda and assorted "weirdness."
The title has occasionally been published biweekly, and was published three times a month from 2008 to 2010.
The first volume of Seaguy was released in three issues beginning on May 19, 2004.
It is ongoing and currently updates on Fridays.
Also, IDW published a digital-only Pocket God tie-in issue in May 2011 which was included in the hardcover book.
: The Chase, followed by Jessica Jones.
Superman: Red Son is a three-issue prestige format comic book mini-series published by DC Comics that was released under their Elseworlds imprint in 2003.
Many topics of his stories are at least partly autobiographical.
The series removed the multiverse concept from the fictional DC Universe, depicting the death of long-standing characters Supergirl and the Barry Allen incarnation of the Flash.
It was cancelled due to bankruptcy in 2004.
Gilbert and Jaime produced the majority of the material, and tended to focus on particular casts of characters and settings.
Elektra: The Hand is a five-issue comic book limited series, written by Akira Yoshida and pencilled by Christian Gossett and published in 2004 by Marvel Comics.
Van Helsing: From Beneath The Rue Morgue is a one-shot comic book from Dark Horse Comics, based on the film Van Helsing.
It was also meant to re-popularize romance comics, but failed.
That’s a rare and wonderful thing and I won’t take it for granted."
