Amy Tran Kwitny was the young woman who went on to become Choice.
Loose Cannon is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics.
Nigel Keane, also known as Hellstrike, is a fictional comic book superhero in the Stormwatch series, first appearing in Stormwatch #1.
Lady Octopus is a supervillainess in Marvel Comics.
Dr. Weird is a ghost who battles supernatural evil.
Both Nightmasks remained prominent parts of the cast until the title's cancellation.
In 2016's X-Men: Apocalypse, she is portrayed by Lana Condor.
Per Degaton is a DC Comics supervillain who can travel through time.
Reactron is a fictional supervillain who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics, usually as an adversary of Supergirl.
5 #2 and seen in Captain Marvel vol.
In the 2003 film Daredevil and its 2005 spin-off, Elektra, the character is portrayed by Jennifer Garner.
Bart Allen is a fictional superhero in the DC Comics Universe.
Siren is the name of two fictional supervillains, both appearing in books published by DC Comics.
Titan Girl is a name associated with two characters who have appeared in the Legion of Superheroes.
Though the Merlin character first appeared in earlier comics, Merlyn first appeared in Captain Britain #1.
He is the son of Darren Cross and the second cousin of Crossfire.
The newest Whiplash is based on the version of the character that appears in the 2010 film Iron Man 2.
He was often shown during these outside stories in a simple suit, with a hat brim hiding his features.
Doomsday ranked as #46 on IGN's list of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time.
The character has appeared in numerous Spider-Man cartoons and video games and is widely regarded as one of the best villains among his rogues.
In 2016's X-Men: Apocalypse, he is portrayed by Tye Sheridan.
He was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Howard Purcell.
Despair is the twin sister of Desire.
The third Black Condor, John Trujillo, is of Mayan descent and was given his powers by the Mayan Spider Goddess Tocotl.
Ronan the Accuser is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Junkpile is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Electrocutioner is a supervillain alias used by three fictional characters in the DC Comics Universe.
Llyra is a fictional character, a super-villainess appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
For example, he appears in the animated Ultimate Spider-Man series, and is one of the playable characters of Spider-Man: Shattered Dimensions.
Choice is a fictional character that appeared in Malibu Comics Ultraverse line of comic book series.
Timmy the Timid Ghost is a fictional comic book ghost, whose adventures were published by Charlton Comics.
The character first appeared in Uncanny X-Men #107 in October 1977.
He is ruler of the Dark Elves of Svartalfheim, and has come into conflict with Thor.
Bat-Mite is an imp similar to the Superman villain Mister Mxyzptlk.
He eventually reformed and became one of the staunchest supporters of Daredevil.
Tricephalous is the name of a three-headed monster in Marvel Comics.
When the bomb went off however, Pastanetti did not die.
Celestine is a fictional character from in the Image Comics comic book universe created by Alan Moore, Rob Liefeld and Brian Denham.
He fell in love with her soul, which still existed within him.
Originally with hair, he became bald in later strips.
Micromax is a fictional character, a mutant superhero of the Marvel universe.
The character appears in usually those comics featuring the X-Men family of characters.
In 2009, Anti-Monitor was ranked as IGN's 49th greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
He first appeared in Super Friends #45, and was created by E. Nelson Bridwell and Romeo Tanghal.
Nightmare is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The armor is usually depicted as an adversary or rival to Iron Man.
The Infinite Man is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe, an enemy of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Jack Frost is the name of two unrelated fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He cannot control the beams without the aid of special eyewear which he must wear at all times.
Sid thinks that a few "hinnys" and "pets" thrown liberally into his disgusting conversation will win the hearts of women.
Imán, whose real name is Diego Irigoyen, is a fictional superhero from DC Comics who was created as part of the Planet DC annuals event.
Robin of Earth-Two is an alternate version of the fictional superhero Robin, who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics.
In the 1990s and 2000s, Kitchen Sink Press and DC Comics also published new Spirit stories by other writers and artists.
Delirium is a fictional character from Neil Gaiman's comic book series The Sandman.
Most of the storylines seem to indicate sexual frustration.
In the relaunched Valiant Universe, Livewire first appears in Harbinger's first arc.
Rubbermaid was a fictional character, a mutant appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was created by writer Steve Englehart and artist Jim Starlin.
The Enchantress is the common primary alias of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She was deprived of speech and human contact during her childhood as conditioning to become the world's greatest assassin.
Captain Canuck is a Canadian comic book superhero.
Turok is a fictional American comic book character that first appeared in books published by Western Publishing through licensee Dell Comics.
Miss America is a fictional comic book superheroine from the DC Comics Universe.
As part of the Intelligencia he is an integral part of the Hulked Out Heroes storyline.
A 10-issue series revamping the character was published from 2007 to 2008, written by novelist Jonathan Lethem and illustrated by Farel Dalrymple.
He was the first character to take up the Mister Terrific mantle.
He possesses the superhuman power of telekinesis.
The character is also referred to by such epithets as the "Amazing Amazon", the "Spirit of Truth", "Themyscira's Champion", and the "Goddess of Love and War".
Spooky first appeared in Casper the Friendly Ghost #10.
DC's introduction of Jaime Reyes in 2006 retconned and expanded upon the Blue Beetle mythos.
Ruby Summers is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics Universe first appearing in the one-shot X-Factor: Layla Miller.
He is a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
His final appearance occurred in Spring 1948.
An Apache, Thunderbird possesses superhuman athletic ability.
A fourth character has the variant name Jonni Thunder.
Chris KL-99 is a 1950s science fiction comic book character whose adventures were published by National Comics, now known as DC Comics.
As a young man, he retires as Robin and takes on his own superhero identity to assert his independence, becoming Nightwing.
The strip was adapted into a video-art installation piece by the artist Mark Leckey in 2006.
Grog the God-Slayer is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Lady Lotus is a fictional supervillainess appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by Steven T. Seagle and Duncan Rouleau, Baymax first appeared in Sunfire & Big Hero 6 #1.
Spider-Woman is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Sandman is the pseudonym of several fictional characters appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
His family moved to the United States fleeing from the Holocaust.
Quicksand is a fictional character, a supervillainess appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
While he claims that Paladin is his real name, he often goes by the name Paul Denning.
Frank William "Chas" Chandler is a fictional character in the Hellblazer series published by DC Comics and its Vertigo imprint.
The spelling of the character's name varies from source to source, and he has been alternately shown as both Michelangelo and Michaelangelo.
Shingen Yashida, usually called Lord Shingen, is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was featured in the limited series Origin, which detailed the youth and formative years of Wolverine and was published from November 2001 to July 2002.
He uses a variety of psychological tactics and fear-enhancing chemical agents to exploit the fears and phobias of his opponents.
In 2009, Proteus was ranked as IGN's 77th Greatest Villain of All Time.
She first appeared as a child in The Authority #13, and was created by Mark Millar and Frank Quitely.
He is the stepbrother of Professor X.
Stilt-Man is the name of different fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Teamed up with Fer-de-lance, Black Racer, and Puff Adder they formed the Serpent Squad, a ploy to get them accepted into the Serpent Society.
Everyman is a fictional supervillain published by DC Comics.
Madam Satan is a name given to several characters that have appeared primarily in Archie Comics under its various imprints.
X is a comic book character who starred in his own self-titled series published by Dark Horse Comics for their Comics Greatest World imprint.
Even I...Vampire's finale was almost book length.
The character has been depicted as an ancient evil who has been an enemy of Alpha Flight.
He is a close compatriot to General Thaddeus Ross and an active participant in his operations to capture or kill the Hulk.
She first appeared in Askani'Son #1, though her true identity was revealed in Uncanny X-Men # -1.
The character first appeared in the series Runaways.
As a member of the X-Men's 1990s-era junior team Generation X, she established herself as an overachiever.
Meloni Thawne-Allen is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe, and the mother of the superhero Impulse.
Artist Devon Massey has done much of the cover-art for the series.
He was a student at the Xavier Institute before M-Day.
Red Star, formerly named Starfire, is a fictional Russian superhero in the DC Universe.
The five mutants later become known as Mutant Force, facing off against the Defenders and later on the Hulk.
The film features small, killer toys similar to those seen in Puppet Master, a film which Band produced in 1989.
The second was created by writer-artist Steve Rude in 1998 for Dark Horse Comics.
His name and aspects of his character are a nod to The Beatles' 1968 song "Rocky Raccoon".
Curtis first appeared in Marvel Team-Up vol.
This is said to be because of his upbringing under Professor Bruttenholm, who raised him as a normal boy.
Connor Hawke is a fictional DC Comics superhero who operated as the second Green Arrow, created by Kelley Puckett and Jim Aparo.
Suppandi stories were also illustrated by Sanjiv Waeerkar, Ram Waaerkar's son,who works as an artist working for Tinkle.
She has since appeared in books published by Devil's Due Publishing.
Vulcan, is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by DC Comics.
Beryl Hutchinson first appeared as Squire in the same issue, and became the Knight in Batman Incorporated v2 #09.
Weeper is the name of two comic book supervillains originally published by Fawcett Comics and today owned by DC Comics.
A Supervillainess who appeared in the Filipino comic book Darna.
The Ritter twins were created by Roy Thomas, Dann Thomas and Mark Texeira.
Thunderball is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The series has spun off several other comics, including Angela, Curse of the Spawn, Sam & Twitch, and the Japanese manga Shadows of Spawn.
In the 2017 series Ben Reilly: The Scarlet Spider, he reclaims his Scarlet Spider identity.
Fantastic as one of the top ten most intelligent fictional characters in American comics.
The mother of Cassandra Sandsmark and a distinguished academic in the field of archaeology, Helena is also close friends with her daughter's mentor Wonder Woman.
and transformed into superhuman form by saying the word "Marvelman".
Lord Havok is a fictional character, a DC Comics supervillain, part of the supervillain team called the Extremists.
The character was retconned in Teen Titans vol.
The character has appeared in media adaptations, including the Netflix television series Daredevil, in which she is portrayed by Ayelet Zurer.
The character was created by Dennis O'Neil and Neal Adams, and first appeared in Green Lantern #87.
He was an ally of Dracula, and an enemy of Blade.
He is the son of one of the antagonist Kingpin's friends and associates.
Hundreds of children's books have been written about Juan Bobo in English and Spanish.
The Strongman is the name of three different fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Later, Zeus, king of the Greek gods, grants her real powers.
He is a mercenary and a master of the French form of kick boxing known as savate.
Maul is a comic book character from DC Comics/Wildstorm.
Her biography has been rendered particularly complicated because of the many retcons involved in the publication history of both her character and that of Jean Grey.
Judge Dredd writer Al Ewing has explained the appeal of the second Giant as "he’s Dredd’s successor, except he’s human in a way Dredd isn’t...
Like all the other New Mutants, Amara originally appeared as a young mutant aspiring to become a hero.
His live-action portrayals include Cillian Murphy in Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy, and Charlie Tahan in the television series Gotham.
Myrwhydden is a fictional supervillain in the DC Universe.
The character was created by writer Harry Stein and artist Mort Leav, and revived in the 1980s by Eclipse Comics.
Kingsize is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
After a failed mission to steal the Serpent Crown Death Adder joined up with Sidewinder as Sidewinder created the Serpent Society.
Incarnations of the character have been illustrated by such comic book artists as Steven Hughes, Mike Deodato, Jr., Romano Molenaar and Ivan Reis.
McGregor adds that he was watching Culp's TV series I Spy when the idea of Nathaniel Dusk came into his mind.
Like Apache Chief, Manitou would shout this phrase in order to grow to enormous size.
Soon afterwards, Vienna fell out with Dredd and was seduced by an East Meg assassin who planned to use her against her uncle.
Sersi is a fictional character, a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
As a young man Jack was doused in Zero Fluid and gained super powers but was not in total control of his powers.
The next three clones, named Michael, Van and Patrick, originally worked as the Scarlet Spiders, as part of the Black Ops group within The Initiative.
She debuted in Superman #147, and was created by Jerry Siegel and Curt Swan.
After having been fired for cause after attempting a covert S.H.I.E.L.D.
Alexander Luthor Jr. is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Amy Tran was a former subject of Aladdin experiments and considered an ideal subject.
The character was created by Lee Falk for the adventure comic strip The Phantom, which debuted in newspapers on February 17, 1936.
She can use these vibrations to fly.
Some of these characters were later merged in the same universe in the 2015 comic book series Secret Wars as a part of the Spider-Man family.
Doctor Hormone is a fictional character created by Bob Bugg, who briefly appeared in comic books published by Dell Comics in the 1940s.
Each Whiplash is a supervillain in the Marvel Universe, with the first and latest appearing as members of Iron Man's rogues gallery.
This Major Victory may or may not be identical with the second Major Victory from the Superman stories.
Sally Floyd is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Nemesis is a fictional comic book character owned by DC Comics/Wildstorm Comics.
According to the show's producer Boyd Kirkland, turning Bishop into a teenager would not have worked.
In many other sources, both animated and comics, the surname Goof continues to be used.
Daken was ranked sixth in Comics Alliance's "50 Sexiest Male Characters in Comics" list and is often recognized for his sex appeal.
Bahadur is a comic book superhero published by Indrajal Comics and created by Aabid Surti in 1976.
The Peacemaker is the name of a series of superheroes originally owned by Charlton Comics and later acquired by DC Comics.
The character has gone on to guest-star in other DC Comics titles.
In 2009, Black Adam was ranked as IGN's 16th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Rakkus is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Grim Hunter is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Valeria made her first appearance under the name Valeria von Doom and the code name Marvel Girl.
I am the light and the giver of light.
The Living Tribunal is a fictional cosmic entity appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Giachomo "Jimmy-6" Fortunato is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Hiroim is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is a crazy little man who dresses up as a pirate and has a tendency to attack people.
The original incarnation of the more famous cross-dressing character, Red Tornado, later that year, would become the first cross-dressing heroine.
Inertia is the name of two separate, but related fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Chabon created the Escapist as an homage to the heroes of the Golden Age of Comic Books.
The character possesses an advanced knowledge of genetic engineering, and his bell-shaped helmet can be struck to create a number of effects.
Jack Horner is a fictional character in the comic book series Fables by Bill Willingham.
Dagar's romantic interest was the beautiful Ayesha.
Kevin MacTaggert, best known as Proteus and also called Mutant X, is a Marvel Comics character, associated with the X-Men.
Jacob Shaw is a fictional character in Marvel Comics, he is only about 4 feet tall, created by Ben Raab and Charlie Adlard.
Nero is a Flemish comic book character and the main protagonist in Marc Sleen's long running comic book strip series The Adventures of Nero.
Crossfire is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
His catchphrase is: "Ils sont fous ces romains", which translates into "These Romans are crazy!
Colossus is able to transform himself into metallic form, making him the physically strongest of the team.
He first appeared in Crisis on Infinite Earths #1, and was created by Marv Wolfman and George Pérez.
Black Mamba, Asp and Diamondback helped Captain America defeat Viper and the rest of the Serpent Society.
Actress Noel Neill first portrayed Lois Lane in the 1940s Superman film series and late reprise her role in the 1950s television series Adventures of Superman.
Matonti, and Julia Coppola, she first appeared in NEW-GEN #1.
Casper the Friendly Ghost is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Famous Studios theatrical animated cartoon series of the same name.
Morpheus is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Other characters have adopted the alias over the years in the Earth 616 universe such as Ben Reilly and Doctor Octavius.
In the Mirage/Image Comics, all four turtles wear red bandanas over their eyes; in other versions, Raphael is the only one who retains a red bandana.
He is one of the Endless in Neil Gaiman's comic book series, The Sandman.
The character is based on the character in the novel Frankenstein by Mary Shelley.
Despite his small size, he is quite fearless.
Dmitri Bukharin is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jessica Priest is a fictional character from the Spawn universe.
His first appearance as "Mister Tolliver" is in X-Force #5 and his first appearance as Genesis was in Cable volume 2 #19.
Lady Mastermind is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Slightly different versions of the same character also appeared in comic books and on the radio.
The Golden Warrior, a member of the World War II-era superhero team The Vanguard of Freedom.
Tharg the Mighty or The Mighty One is the fictional editor of the British science fiction comic 2000 AD.
Demi has also been the subject of T-shirts, dice, a trading card set, a resin model kit, and a movie.
Osborn has been adapted to serve as Spider-Man's adversary in live-action, animated, and video game incarnations.
A former reporter, she now acts as a friend and confidante of Cable and was formerly his Chief of Staff at Providence before its destruction.
The character first appeared in the Underworld limited series in 2006.
Orphan-Maker is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics universe.
Shadow Thief is the name of three fictional supervillains published by DC Comics.
His arch enemy from the Legion of Doom was Giganta, who also happens to be an original arch enemy of Wonder Woman.
Roberto Rastapopoulos is a fictional character in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.
He is an Old West Pinkerton detective.
The Stepford Cuckoos are a set of fictional mutant psychically linked quintuplets.
Wing first appeared in Detective Comics #20.
is a fictional superhero in the DC Comics Universe.
Mariko Yashida is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Primarily an enemy of Daredevil, he is also an enemy of the Punisher and Wolverine.
David North is a fictional mutant character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character also appears, portrayed by Adrian Pasdar, in the television series Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., which is part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise.
In the first eight Tintin adventures, Snowy regularly addresses his internal monologue to the reader.
Honey Lemon is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She was created by Brian Michael Bendis and Alex Maleev and first appeared in Daredevil vol.
She later became a core member of Sidewinder's Serpent Squad and remained a member when they became the Serpent Society.
The radiation mutated him into a green skinned, super-intelligent entity who names himself the Leader, embarking on a career of crime.
Roma is a fictional character featured in numerous Marvel Comics titles.
He is a child killer and a recurring villain in the series.
Apart from Wylie's novel, the character has also appeared in a feature film and publications by Marvel Comics and DC Comics.
A self-styled warrior, Lady Deathstrike hired the villain Spiral’s "body shoppe" to bond adamantium to her own skeleton in addition to other cyber-genetic enhancements.
Dane Whitman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Dummy is the name of two fictional supervillains in DC Comics.
Conan is a fictional character based on Robert E. Howard's Conan the Barbarian.
Simon Stagg is a fictional businessman in DC Comics.
Judge Kraken is a fictional character in the Judge Dredd comic strip featured in the long-running British comic 2000 AD.
She is bald, although she expels body heat through her head in a low-temperature flame resembling hair in shape.
The character's origin story relates that he was once a brilliant but egotistical surgeon.
She was described as an avenging angel, responsible for the destruction of the Tower of Babel, Sodom and Gomorrah and other Old Testament atrocities.
She first appeared in Green Arrow: Year One, and was created by Andy Diggle and Jock.
Hamish's regular supporting characters were his eccentric father and his pet sheep McMutton.
There was one #0 issue published as a trading card set and binder.
The Warlock's Daughter, also known as Darla Aquista and the alias Laura Fell, is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by DC Comics.
Regardless, he is the loving husband of Susan Storm, father of son Franklin Richards and daughter Valeria Richards, and mentor of his brother-in-law, Johnny Storm.
He operated as Ion, having become one of the most powerful characters in current continuity.
SuperPatriot is an fictional Image Comics superhero created by Erik Larsen in 1992.
Sidewinder is the name of three different fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She has been both a superhero and a supervillain and most recognizably associated as a member of X-Force.
Tremolo is a fictional mutant character in Marvel Comics' shared universe, the Marvel Universe.
Slapstick is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Darkchylde is an American comic book character created in 1996 by Randy Queen.
Deimos is a fictional supervillain published by DC Comics.
The character appeared in Marvel Comics's 2099 universe, a look at superheroes in the year 2099.
He serves as the lead character of the comic books Hellblazer, Constantine, Constantine: The Hellblazer, and The Hellblazer.
Devil Dinosaur resembles a red Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Speaking triggers a massive disturbance in the form of a highly destructive shockwave capable of leveling a city.
He first appeared in Strange Tales #77, and was created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko.
Captain Nazi is a Fawcett Comics and DC Comics supervillain, a rival of Captain Marvel and Captain Marvel Jr.
He is also the brother of Wonder Man.
He made his first modern age appearance in The Twelve.
The Bumsteads' first baby, Alexander, was originally named Baby Dumpling.
The character has been dormant after Marvel Comics acquired Malibu Comics, although some of his Golden Age adventures were reprinted by AC Comics.
Like many magician superheroes introduced in the Golden Age of Comics, Ibis owes much to the popular comic strip character Mandrake the Magician.
Nubia is a fictional character, a comic book superheroine published by DC Comics.
Spider-Woman is a variant of Spider-Man and an alternate-universe version of Gwen Stacy.
Rocket is a comic book superhero in materials published by DC Comics.
He first appeared in Superman: The Man of Steel #27, and was named after long time DC writer Roger Stern.
She has been a member of various super-teams in her career, including X-Corporation and Champions of Los Angeles.
It is a huge magical sword several hundred feet in length.
Splinter, by his students often called Master Splinter, is a fictional character from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comics and all related media.
Doom 2099 is a fictional anti-hero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Shi is a fictional comic book character created by writer/illustrator William Tucci.
The first live-action version of the character was introduced in Season 2 of Supergirl, played by Chris Wood.
After years of appearing in Judge Dredd stories, he later got his own series in the Judge Dredd Megazine and in 2000 AD.
He briefly served as the central villain of the Daredevil title.
The three had been hired by Viper to infiltrate the Society.
The character is usually depicted as a member of the student body of the Xavier Institute in X-Men-related comic books.
He first appeared as Humus Sapiens in FOOM #3, created by Michael A. Barreiro.
She was ranked 80th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Thaal Sinestro is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Sheena was ranked 59th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
An athletic young dancer, Dani becomes the new host of the Witchblade, a mystical gauntlet that grants its host an assortment of powers.
Visually, the character's most consistent distinguishing features are two pronounced scars on the right-hand side of his face.
His first appearance was in The Brotherhood #7.
She was created by Steven T. Seagle and Duncan Rouleau, and first appeared in Sunfire & Big Hero 6 #1.
The character debuted in Stalker #1, and was created by Paul Levitz and Steve Ditko.
Created by writer Roy Thomas and originally designed by penciler Gil Kane, the character first appeared as an antagonist in The Amazing Spider-Man #101.
Vivisector can also refer to a person who engages in vivisection.
A one-episode story also appeared in the Eagle Holiday Special 1985.
Though her appearance was brief in the Marvel Universe, it was memorable to the superhero Speedball.
Shellshock is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
The character is usually depicted as an enemy of Spider-Man.
The character was created for the Marvel comic book series X-Force.
Peter Cannon, Thunderbolt is a fictional superhero character originally published by Charlton Comics.
The film features small, killer toys similar to those seen in Puppet Master, a film which Band produced in 1989.
The Man of Miracles is a fictional, ageless, mysterious, gender-less, super-being, featured in the Spawn comic book series.
As the biological son of General Zod and Ursa, he is a Kryptonian who becomes the foster son of Clark Kent and his wife Lois Lane.
His main enemies are Richard Dragon and Green Lantern.
2 #3, the character was revealed to be a sleeper agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
She is an enemy of the Punisher.
Other artists on the series included Frank Thomas, Harry Sahle, and writer George Kapitan.
He has two main catchphrases: "Hulk is strongest one there is!"
Klaatu is a fictional Marvel Comics alien.
For a while he replaced the Earth-712 version, but ultimately dies fighting against the Earth-712 Hyperion.
Doc Strange is a Golden Age comic book superhero who originally appeared in Thrilling Comics #1 in 1940.
Byrne returned as MacTaggert in the 2016 film X-Men: Apocalypse.
Elixir is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jack-in-the-Box is a fictional character in the comic book series Astro City.
2, #1 and was created by Dan Jurgens and John Romita Jr.
His name was not revealed for more than a year.
She is squat, flabby and pale-skinned, with black hair, gray eyes, and pointed teeth.
Valiant Entertainment is the current owner of Rai and the rest of the original Valiant Comics characters.
The Basilisk is the name of three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Vyking is a fictional character, a superhero in the Marvel Universe, member of the Strikeforce: Morituri.
She does not say much, and consequently appears brusque, but her speech at Morpheus' wake in The Wake reveals her sympathy and feeling for him.
In the original Flemish publications her name was Sidonie, while the translations in the Netherlands named her Sidonia.
MacDonald "Mac" Gargan is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Badger is a fictional character, a superhero in American comic books publisher by the short-lived Capital Comics company and then First Comics.
Plasmus is a fictional DC Comics supervillain and an enemy of the Teen Titans.
The character was created by Grant Morrison and Frank Quitely, and named after the song "Negasonic Teenage Warhead" by Monster Magnet.
He is also a founding member of the superhero team, the Teen Titans, and has remained affiliated with the team throughout several of its many incarnations.
His main goal in life is to destroy the Smurfs.
Duma is a fallen angel in the DC Vertigo series The Sandman, created by the British author Neil Gaiman.
He is primarily an enemy of Spider-Man and a member of organized crime who exists in Marvel's main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.
Alexander "Alex" Power is a fictional character in Marvel Comics.
Stompa is a fictional extraterrestrial goddess appearing in books published by DC Comics.
Work for a third issue may exist.
Cardiac is a fictional character, a vigilante anti-hero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Guy Gardner #11, in a story titled "Yesterday's Sins: Part 1 of 4 - Back in the Days".
Superboy-Prime is from a parallel Earth called Earth-Prime that had no super-heroes.
With his supernatural powers, Johnny seeks vengeance as the "Ghost Rider".
She is for the most part gentle and friendly and uses her giant size to help others.
Most of them are, like Supergirl, women with powers similar to those of Superman.
Created by artist David Cockrum and writer Chris Claremont, she first appeared in the comic book Ms. Marvel #16, published in 1978.
A ruthless crime-fighter, his beliefs in moral absolutism—good and evil with no shades of grey—have driven him to seek to punish evil at all costs.
The facility is depicted as built for the X-Men as part of the various incarnations of the X-Mansion.
Doctor Bedlam is a DC Comics supervillain created by Jack Kirby as part of his Fourth World comic series of the 1970s.
Subsequently, most versions of Toad written or drawn after 2000 resemble the Ray Park version more closely than the original Toad.
Arclight is a mutant supervillainess appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Their work was guided by Hermetic principles related to magic, mythology, and religion.
The Nathan Finch version of Gearhead first appeared in Detective Comics #712 and was created by Chuck Dixon, Graham Nolan, and Bob McLeod
Created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, the character first appeared in Flash vol.
He married Sindella, a Homo magi, and they have a daughter, Zatanna Zatara, who, like her father, is both a stage magician and a real magician.
He became a reserve member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th century.
He first appeared in Captain America #253.
His signature weapons are dual nunchaku, though he has also been portrayed using other weapons, such as a grappling hook, manriki-gusari, tonfa, and a three-section staff.
Krona is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by DC Comics.
Bullet first appeared in the pages of Daredevil in 1988, created by John Romita, Jr. and Ann Nocenti.
Her father is revealed as being a British super-soldier named Lennox Sandsmark who is Wonder Woman's half-brother and himself a son of Zeus.
Billed as "Britain's Greatest Hero", it is known for being in the style of an anthology title and for its multi-linear plotlines.
Texas Twister is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Second Life of Dr. Mirage has been translated into German, Italian, Spanish, Norwegian, Filipino, Chinese, and other languages.
Created by writer Bill Finger and artist Dick Sprang, the character first appeared in Detective Comics #140.
His first appearance was in New Mutants #16.
He first appeared in Superman #122, and for a time was a regular supporting character in the Superman line of comics.
Recently it was revealed that Dark Angel was, in fact, the Donna Troy of the pre-Crisis Earth-Seven, saved from certain death by the Anti-Monitor.
Roy is one of DC's most longstanding characters, originating in 1940s comics as Speedy, the teen sidekick of the superhero Green Arrow.
Subsequent projects would by published by Darkchylde Entertainment, through Wowio.
The character introduces himself saying: “I'm Pereyra by my Mom, and Inodoro because my Dad was a Sewage Worker.”
Berzerker is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was a mutant who was introduced as a villain for the X-Men.
Instead he has advanced photo lenses attached to his skull that send rapid images to his brain, allowing him to react faster than the average person.
2, #8, and was created by Neil Gaiman and Mike Dringenberg.
The first was a superhero who appeared mostly in More Fun Comics during the Golden Age.
The Foreigner was formerly married to Silver Sable.
Baron Karl Amadeus Mordo is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Unlike most of Batman's rogues gallery, the Penguin is sane and in control of his actions, giving him a unique relationship with Batman.
The Raiders are a team of three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Lady Bullseye's true intentions were to take control of the Hand clan, but instead Daredevil becomes their leader.
The X-Cutioner is a fictional character appearing in the Marvel Comics universe.
In this version Hyperion is a founding member of the Squadron Supreme, with the purpose of protecting the citizens of the United States.
She is the mother of Doctor Doom.
Sue Richards received her powers after being exposed to a cosmic storm.
Moon-Boy is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He has also been adapted for several animated TV shows and films.
The character was present for much of the X-Men's history, and she was featured in all three X-Men animated series and several video games.
General Thaddeus E. "Thunderbolt" Ross is a fictional character who appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Delores Winters is a DC Comics character, originally named Dolores Winters.
Vanessa Fisk is a fictional comic book character appearing in publications by Marvel Comics.
The series was written by John Francis Moore for its first two years, and by Warren Ellis for its third.
Rubberduck is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe, an anthropomorphic duck.
Frost is a fictional Image Comics superhero.
Cyclone was created by Mark Waid, Alex Ross, Geoff Johns and Dale Eaglesham.
The Gardener is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Amygdala is the alias of DC Comics character Aaron Helzinger, who is a sometime opponent of Batman.
Michael Korvac is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Celeste has made one appearance since then, in Final Crisis: Legion of 3 Worlds, where she appeared to help the Legion fight the Time Trapper.
Marvel created a heroic version of the team, the Squadron Supreme from the alternate dimension designated Earth-712.
This word first appeared in the short story 'Burning Chrome' by William Gibson.
He first appeared in Web of Spider-Man #125, written by Gerry Conway.
In the 1950s, roughly every other story featured the Mekon.
The series ran for twelve issues in 1986 and 1987, plus one Annual.
He first appeared in Birds of Prey #6, and was created by Chuck Dixon and Greg Land.
DC's first funny animal superhero, the Terrific Whatzit first appeared in Funny Stuff #1, and was created by Martin Naydel.
He first appeared in The Flash vol.
In 2011 Raphael placed 23rd on IGN's Top 100 Comic Book Heroes, a list that did not feature any of his brothers.
Gladiator is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
At the beginning of New Mutants, vol.
She joined the police force as soon as she was of age.
Sublime first appeared as John Sublime in the New X-Men Annual 2001.
Percival Sheldrake debuted as the Knight in Batman #62, and was created by Bill Finger and Dick Sprang.
Hugo Strange is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman.
Battlestar, who was also the fifth Bucky, is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is the father of Thor and former king of Asgard.
He also appeared in the 2014 Disney animated film Big Hero 6, which is based on the book.
In 2008, Ross was transformed into the Red Hulk in order to better combat his nemesis.
Bastion is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character first appeared in Seven Soldiers: Frankenstein #3, and was created by Grant Morrison and Doug Mahnke.
Detective Van Zwam is a Flemish comics character in the Belgian comics series The Adventures of Nero by Marc Sleen.
Lobo is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by DC Comics.
under Nick Fury and the girlfriend of Captain America.
She was created by writer Ed Brubaker and artist Pete Woods.
Gorgilla is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Manhunter is a fictional character, a superheroine appearing in DC Comics.
Her half-sisters are Martinique Jason, the second Mastermind, who now shares her codename, and the X-Men's Pixie.
Sun Girl is the name of two superheroines from Marvel Comics.
The ruler of Hel and Niflheim, the character has been a frequent foe of Thor.
Emperor Blackgate is the name of a DC Comics supervillain.
Timothy Aloysius Cadwallader "Dum Dum" Dugan is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Digitek #1, the first issue of a limited series published by Marvel UK.
He had a sidekick named Jim Peyton.
The character was first portrayed in live-action by Peter Hooten in the 1978 television film Dr.
King Mob is a fictional character, a revolutionary created by Grant Morrison for The Invisibles.
The Earth-Two Diana Trevor reappeared in mainstream DC Earth in Infinite Crisis as an apparition, fading away after speaking to new counterpart Wonder Woman.
The Fisherman is a name used by a number of different comic book supervillains in DC Comics.
He is one of the Elders of the Universe.
Fafnir is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Shriker is a fictional American comic book character owned by Marvel Comics.
He most often appears in Marvel's X-Men and X-Men-related comic books.
The third is a superhero and a member of Nebraska's Initiative team.
As one of Batman's most enduring enemies, Two-Face belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman's rogues gallery.
Von Roehm undergoes a transformation from his ordinary human form through a process mentally activated by Selene.
He was created by Warren Ellis and Stuart Immonen and first appeared in Nextwave #1.
He is abandoned by the Guardians of the Universe and hides in the shadows of Darkseid's domain, Apokolips.
The comic is well known for its nonsense humor à-la Monty Python, its engaging storytelling and its frequent breaking of the fourth wall.
Arrowette is the name of two fictional superheroines that appears in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Shooting Star is a comic book superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by Jerry Ordway and Tom Grummett, the character first appeared in Adventures of Superman #494.
Striker Z is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics.
Lee stated that the Hulk's creation was inspired by a combination of Frankenstein and Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
He first appeared in World's Finest Comics #246.
It appeared in a number of Marvel UK titles.
Magma is a fictional character, a supervillain from Marvel Comics.
He has gone by a variety of superhero names over the past several decades, although originally Colossal Boy.
The Punisher's brutal nature and willingness to kill made him a novel character in mainstream American comic books in 1974.
All of her stories advocate change in social and cultural practices.
Several real-life models served as inspiration for the main character, starting with Rena Mero at launch, then later Cindy Margolis or Farrah Fawcett.
Barin becomes one of Flash's best friends, and is deeply in love with Princess Aura.
This was changed back to Jerom when the entire series was translated into Algemeen Beschaafd Nederlands.
Queen of Fables is a villain who has battled the Justice League, Wonder Woman and Superman.
While serving as the second Mr. America, Trey had been murdered.
They originally battled Captain Atom and Nightshade and later joined the Suicide Squad.
He was introduced as a comic foil for the jingoistic Green Lantern corps member Guy Gardner in the early 1990s.
The mystery of his life has yet to be completely revealed.
Arisia Rrab is a fictional character, a superhero featured in comic books published by DC Comics.
The character has been featured in various forms of media.
Writer Len Wein and artist Jim Starlin created the first version of the character, who debuted in DC Comics Presents #27.
Abraham Cornelius is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character has been depicted as an Australian mutant with the ability to teleport objects and people from one location to another.
He appeared in the Magneto Rex miniseries.
His name derives from the old anatomical name of the ulna bone, supposedly derived from the Greek kybiton.
He seldom had a comics series of his own and mostly appeared as a secondary character in Harvey's Hot Stuff comics.
The Iron Corporal's back story includes having his ribs replaced with an iron rib cage.
The Blight are a fictional race in comic books published by DC Comics.
Shadowman is a fictional superhero who appears in comic books published by Valiant Comics.
He was changed, his body slowly converting to energy.
He has superhuman strength and the ability to create smaller duplicates of himself that do his bidding.
He later became a regular supporting character in Black Lightning beginning with volume 1 issue #4.
Created by writer Chris Claremont and artist Salvador Larroca, he first appeared in X-Treme X-Men #6.
He is a half human, half extraterrestrial hybrid, the child of an alien woman and the Earth superhero, Captain Dynamo, from whom he inherited superhuman abilities.
The character first appeared in Uncanny X-Men #129, and was created by writer Chris Claremont and artist/co-writer John Byrne.
He is based on the character of the same name and is the father of Shang-Chi.
He is the King of the Frost Giants, the biological father of Thor's adopted brother and archenemy, Loki.
Doctor Mist is a fictional character, a comic book superhero published by DC Comics.
The leader character in the anthology Master Comics, he was described as
Hijitus is a comic superhero created by Manuel García Ferré.
The series ran in syndication until 1985.
The character was later redesigned and relaunched as Death's Head II, acting as one of the flagship characters for Marvel UK's 1990s expansion.
Spider Queen is the name of two different characters in Marvel Comics.
Red Raven is the name of three separate fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Writer Brian Michael Bendis added Spider-Woman to the roster of the high-profile New Avengers.
He has also proven adept at robotics and constructing suits of armor.
Created by Dan Abnett, Andy Lanning, and Doug Braithwaite, the character made his first appearance in The Punisher Vol.
The story was entitled "Layin' Down the Law".
Wizard list of Top 100 villains ranked the Dark Phoenix as 38th.
Satannish is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane, the character first appeared in Detective Comics #33.
The Silver Swan is a fictional character appearing in DC Comics publications and related media.
In 1974 the Santa Fe withdrew permission to use the name due to a perceived decline in service, so Amtrak renamed it Southwest Limited.
He first appeared in Squadron Supreme #4 in flashback, and fully in Squadron Supreme #5, and was created by Mark Gruenwald.
The character's first appearance was in Sgt.
Often Suppandi is shown living in big towns and cities.
He is a member of the Guardians of the Galaxy.
In later stories, he became a superhero himself.
A Brazilian mutant, Sunspot possesses the ability to absorb and channel solar power.
Following the events in Batman: Battle for the Cowl, Tim Drake has adopted the alias of Red Robin.
Nightwind is a fictional mutant character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Rita DeMara is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character was originally a superhero and member of the Teen Titans during The New Teen Titans period by Marv Wolfman and George Pérez.
The character is usually depicted as an enemy of the X-Men.
Angela del Toro is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Blazing Skull fell into obscurity after the 1940s, and was revived in the 1990s.
It introduced a character with the same name.
In 2009 it was chosen as the "Sports capital of Russia" and it still is referred to as such.
Despite these changes, Doctor Psycho has consistently been portrayed as suffering from mental illness, possessing a diminutive stature, and harboring a misogynistic hatred of women.
Deathurge is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Faust has applied his magic in a wide variety of ways, including healing, regeneration, matter transformation, teleportation, scrying, and polymorphous development.
Rockman is a fictional comic book superhero in the Marvel Comics universe.
In the original comic book continuity, Sharon was the younger sister of Peggy Carter, the wartime love interest of Captain America.
He usually appears as a villain in stories featuring the Norse hero Thor.
Valiant Entertainment is the current owner of Livewire and the rest of the original Valiant Comics characters.
Leatherhead is a fictional character in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comics and all related media.
2 #1 and was created by Grant Morrison and Chris Burnham.
Her first appearance in an American Marvel publication was in New Mutants Annual #2.
The character is named after Richard Cory, a nearly opposite character whose song was playing on the radio when Gerber created the character.
Cat Claw is a fictional comic book superhero created by Serbian artist Branislav Kerac and writer Svetozar Obradović.
Wasp, was given the alias of "Pixie" in the alternate universe of Morgan Le Fay in Marvel Comics' Avengers vol.
1 #86, and was created by Warren Ellis and Ken Lashley.
Tar Baby is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
There have only been two Philippine Zuma movies to date, Zuma and Anak ni Zuma, both starring actor Max Laurel in the title role.
Aqualad is the name of two fictional comic book superheroes appearing in books published by DC Comics.
Hourman is a fictional character and superhero who was created by Grant Morrison and Howard Porter.
He started out as an opponent of the Teen Titans but ended up as their ally.
Wolverine has been depicted variously as a member of the X-Men, Alpha Flight, and the Avengers.
This is particularly true with his best friend, Ben Grimm, who partially blames Richards for his transformation into a large, rocky creature called the Thing.
Kilowog is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Violator is a fictional supervillain, who appears in the Spawn comic books published by Image Comics.
Daniel Hall is a fictional character in the Sandman comic book series written by Neil Gaiman and published by DC Comics.
Klara's ability is to control, or "talk to", plants.
Endowed with extraordinary powers by the legendary magician Merlyn and his daughter Roma, Captain Britain was assigned to uphold the laws of Britain.
Captain Rectitude is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Spellbinder is the name of four fictional characters that appear as supervillains in comic books published by DC Comics.
Doctor Moon is a fictional villain in DC Comics.
Minotaur or Mini is a fictional character, a superhero that appears in the NEW-GEN comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The duo has been re-introduced in the Teen Titans comic book as the caretakers of Titans Tower, as twins Wendy and Marvin Harris.
The character is depicted as a cyborg and is commonly an enemy of the X-Men.
Panara is a fictional character who first appeared in the DC Comics' series Catwoman.
He first appeared in Adventure Comics #306 and was created by Edmond Hamilton and John Forte.
The character made her first appearance in Chesty Sanchez #1 published by Antarctic Press.
The character was ranked 98th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
He was created by writer Brian Michael Bendis and artist Michael Avon Oeming.
Neon the Unknown is a fictional superhero from the Golden Age of Comic Books created by Jerry Iger for Quality Comics.
He is the son of Sensei, the father of Talia al Ghul, Nyssa Raatko, and Dusan al Ghul, and the maternal grandfather of Damian Wayne.
The fourth character to use the Ant-Man name, he was created by Robert Kirkman and Phil Hester, and first appears in Irredeemable Ant-Man #1.
He was the central figure of Kickers, Inc., and when that title was discontinued he became a supporting character in other New Universe titles.
She first appeared in Thrilling Comics #56.
Aleksandr Creote—referred to almost exclusively by his surname alone—is a fictional character from DC Comics.
Kalibak is a fictional deity and supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
He first appears in Adventure Comics #303.
The character was created by Peter B. Gillis and Brent Anderson.
She was born with telepathic and telekinetic powers.
Zaza was created by long-time Charlton writer Joe Gill and artists Rocke Mastroserio and Charles Nicholas.
Created by writer Jay Faerber and artist Mahmud A. Asrar, the character first appeared in Dynamo 5 #1.
She is the wife of Dr. James Power, and with him the mother of Alex, Julie, Jack, and Katie Power, members of Power Pack.
The founder of the X-Men, Xavier is an exceptionally powerful telepath who can read and control the minds of others.
Initially conceived as a one-off joke character, he has since become a legitimate presence within the comics universe.
She is the daughter of Ra's al Ghul and the half-sister of Talia al Ghul.
The Fat Slags is a British comic strip appearing in the "alternative" British comic Viz.
She possesses supersonic sound abilities that can cause a variety of effects.
Shepard is a mutant villain in the Marvel Comics Universe.
The comics were published in various languages including Hindi, English and Bengali.
After Narda swallows a magic white stone, she transforms into the mighty warrior by shouting "DARNA!".
Jo-Jo's name came from the original title of the comic series, Jo-Jo Comics.
Ice is a fictional character, a comic book superheroine in publications from DC Comics.
Tank gave Harrigan his nickname when he said, "Some hop, Harrigan."
Frieda Goren is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by DC Comics and a supporting character of Static/Virgil Hawkins.
Dabney Donovan is a fictional character from the DC Comics Universe.
Mirage is the name of two Marvel Comics villains.
She was reacquired by the agency to be their test subject.
Raphael is named after the 16th-century Italian painter Raphael.
Ragman is a fictional character, a superhero and mystic vigilante who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Jester is the name of three fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Indeed, a central feature of Agent X was the question of the title character's identity, sometimes implied to be Deadpool himself.
He had been entombed in a buried Aztec pyramid until unearthed by an archaeological expedition team.
Graydon Creed is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He speaks in broken English and refers to himself in the third person.
Founded by Marko Todosijević - Mrvax in 2005, in Belgrade, Serbia, it was largery expanded and shaped in its own direction within the following 8 years.
Despite his earlier appearances as a stereotypical bully, he has evolved into a good-natured and fiercely protective friend to most of the school's students.
The Living Brain is a fictional character and robot appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
As Shock, Ariel possesses the power to induce fear and hallucinations in other people by releasing pheromones through her skin.
Firelord is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Reynolds first appeared in Human Fly #8 by writer Bill Mantlo and artist.
", satirising David Frost's catchphrase "Hello, good evening, and welcome".
The Living Colossus is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Marvel Boy, also known as The Uranian, is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was created as a supporting character of Patoruzu, but got his own comic book afterwards, which is periodically reprinted.
Bloodhawk is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He does not believe in upholding the laws and rules of the world since he considers the whole system corrupt.
Return appearances featured the character in issues of Robin during the mid-1990s, in which Dixon portrayed the character as pompous and childish, rather than maliciously insane.
Because her powers would destroy her normal clothes, she wears only her Span-XX bikini.
The actors Henry Simmons and Clark Gregg also play Ghost Rider briefly.
Arthur "Artie" Maddicks is a fictional comic book character in Marvel Comics' shared universe, the Marvel Universe.
He was frequently an adversary of the X-Men.
The Shaper of Worlds is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Azrael is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
Ownership of the character has changed hands over the years, moving from the original publisher to the character's creators.
Prior to his debut, the character made an unnamed cameo in The New 52 Free Comic Book Day Special Edition #1.
It is the second-largest air carrier in Colombia.
They are not to be confused with Spyke from X-Men: Evolution, nor with Spike Freeman, another character in the groups X-Statix and X-Force.
Shadowman comics have been translated into a number of languages, including German, Italian, Spanish, Norwegian, Filipino and Chinese, among others.
Miriam Sharpe is a fictional comic book character appearing in books published by Marvel Comics.
He is depicted as a feline Inhuman in the Earth-691 timeline of the fictional Marvel Universe, sorcerer apprentice to Krugarr.
Created by writer Jack Miller and artist Ruben Moreira, the character first appeared in Showcase #20.
Created by Frank Miller, the character first appeared in Daredevil #168.
As Harry Osborn and Peter Parker were best friends, he is also Spider-Man's godson.
The series, written by Steve Gerber and Mary Skrenes and illustrated by Jim Mooney, ran for 10 issues before cancellation for low sales.
Ghost Rider is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Cassandra is a "mummudrai," a parasitic life form born bodiless on the astral plane.
The Time Commander is the name of two DC Comics supervillains.
She has used various aliases throughout her history, including Jewel, Knightress, and Power Woman.
Primarily an enemy of Batman, the supervillain exists in DC's main shared universe, known as the DC Universe.
He joins the Young Avengers in 2013.
She first appeared after the "Five Year Gap" in Legion of Super-Heroes #6, created by then-inker and co-writer Al Gordon.
Pyre is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe.
1 #3 and was created by Mark Gruenwald.
She was originally a member of the Morlocks before joining the Horsemen of Apocalypse.
Some of his stories were published in book form as I Flew With Braddock.
Gage Reinhart is a fictional character appearing in publications by Image Comics.
Hop Harrigan had been orphaned by his father, a legendary pilot, who disappeared on a flight to South America to see his wife.
Hero the Newmatic Man is a comic book published by Tekno Comix from March 1995 to June 1996.
The Riddler is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero of Batman.
Mister X is a fictional character, a supervillain of the Marvel Universe introduced in Wolverine #159.
The name of his original secret identity is a tribute to cowboy star Charles Starrett who played the Durango Kid.
He often inhabits the hidden prehistoric jungle of the Savage Land.
Preview is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Tutinax is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
Omega is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
After Pacific published two issues, the character was published by Neal's own company Continuity Comics.
Blacklight, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is a Skrull sleeper agent posing as the Kree Captain Mar-Vell.
Vengeance prefers using corporal punishment on human sinners where Ghost Rider takes a more pacifist approach.
The robots themselves, in addition to the program, were created by Larry Hama and Marc Silvestri, in Wolverine #50.
The character has been a regular cast member of Marvel's Daredevil series, and is the longest running love interest for the title character.
Stringfellow is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Originally a supporting character in the Lucky Luke series, Rantanplan later starred in an eponymous series.
The character was reintroduced as a heroic, noble being in 2006, and appeared in the crossover comic book storyline "Annihilation: Conquest".
Rock Python was allowed to remain with the Society after Viper was defeated.
Garrison Kane, also known as Weapon X and Kane, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Blonde Phantom is a fictional masked crime fighter appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Pixie, a Marvel Comics character associated with the X-Men and their family of titles
Justice is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Kanto is a fictional extraterrestrial assassin published by DC Comics.
This period of obscurity lasted approximately nine years, with three brief interruptions for minor cameo appearances in 2000, 2001, and 2005.
The character is commonly associated with the X-Men.
Jack Point, also called "the Simping Detective", is a character in the British comic anthology Judge Dredd Megazine, a spin-off from 2000 AD.
As of the first issue of "Avengers Academy", he has reverted to Speedball and a modified version of his original costume.
The character was created by Peter B. Gillis and Brent Anderson.
Dawnstar is a fictional superheroine in comic books published by DC Comics.
Ravelo left Bulaklak due to differences with the publication's editors.
Speed Queen is a fictional extraterrestrial supervillain published by DC Comics.
She is an assassin-for-hire, who specializes in killing her targets with her bare hands.
As was the practice, an ashcan copy was created with the title of Superwoman.
Created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby, Larry Lieber, and Dick Ayers, the character first appeared in Tales to Astonish #13.
He later returned to the Serpent Society and became part of Serpent Solutions when the group was reorganized in 2015.
Prester John first appeared in Fantastic Four Vol.1 #54.
He has since been featured as the main adversary in the series featuring Bishop.
Co-created by Richard Dominguez and Michael S. Moore, the character made his first appearance in El Gato Negro: Nocturnal Warrior #1.
The Punisher made his first appearance in The Amazing Spider-Man #129.
In more recent publications, Microchip gradually evolved from the Punisher's friend to a bitter villain.
Rainbow Girl is a fictional character and a DC Comics super heroine.
During a mission to Kuwait Pyro is captured by the enemy.
Shrike is the name of multiple fictional characters appearing in publications from DC Comics.
Lady Shiva is a fictional supervillainess appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Carlie Cooper is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The first appearance of both is Mystique #1.
Pop artist Sting served as visual inspiration for the character.
Carlie is friends with Peter Parker, Harry Osborn, Vin Gonzales, and Lily Hollister.
Maximus Lobo is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Koziołek Matołek is a fictional character created by Kornel Makuszyński and Marian Walentynowicz in one of the first and most famous Polish comics back in 1933.
Perrikus is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
His first appearance was in Marvel Comics Presents #27.
She-Hulk is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Peepers is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The original Wrath debuted in Batman Special #1, and was created by Mike W. Barr and Michael Golden.
It spanned a total of 10 issues until Defiant ceased publication.
Doctor Thaddeus Bodog Sivana is a fictional character, a comic book supervillain created by Bill Parker and C. C. Beck.
Samaritan is a fictional character in the comic book series Astro City.
#4 he was created by Pat Masulli, and later written and drawn by Joe Gill and artist Dick Giordano.
As such, she has a superhuman ability to withstand heat and ultraviolet radiation, and can see clearly in very bright light.
In the early nineties Zen was licensed to Archie Comics, and then to Entity Comics.
She was an ally of the Legion of Super-Heroes prior to Zero Hour.
His entire body is composed of bees surrounding his skeleton.
Jimmy Olsen decided a couple of months later to try to flush Arclight out.
Later, her New 52 origin story reveals that she is Wonder Woman's niece and Zeus's granddaughter.
Captain Boom first appeared in United Komiks in 1966.
Typhon is a fictional character, a supervillain in the Marvel Universe, most commonly associated with the hero Hercules.
The character first appeared in Daredevil #229.
Reprints of previous Doomlord stories continued until 7 April 1990.
The original Malice was a minion of Killmonger, an enemy of Black Panther.
Dyesebel is a prominent character in Philippine cinema and television.
He is missing one arm and has odd eye coloring.
This was in a time when Action Comics was an anthology title with multiple feature strips.
Kevin was the mutant son of Scottish genetic researcher Moira MacTaggert and politician Joseph MacTaggert.
Holocaust is a fictional character in the Milestone and DC Comics universes.
The series was about Alec Swan, a private investigator who, against his own wishes, becomes embroiled in cases involving the strange and the ultra-human.
Her first appearance was in Generation X #53.
Kiber the Cruel is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
El Observador is a fictional character and comic book supervillain appearing in comic books published by Azteca Productions.
Actor Shaun Toub portrayed the character in 2008 superhero film Iron Man and the 2013 sequel Iron Man 3.
The Ventriloquist is the name of three fictional characters, supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
His emblem, which is on his cape, is a letter T in a shield.
Brent Jackson is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
a paid hireling who would burn buildings as a form of mob retribution.
She first appeared in Captain America #337, dated January 1988, and was created by writer Mark Gruenwald and artist Tom Morgan.
Big Wheel is a Marvel Comics supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Cutthroat is a comic book character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character has also appeared in associated Marvel merchandise including animated television series, feature film, toys, trading cards, and video games.
Both were also members of the 1990s-era Pentagon-sponsored mutant team X-Factor.
Frequently accompanied by a herald, the character has appeared as both antagonist and protagonist in central and supporting roles.
Stevenson is set to reprise his role in the upcoming film Thor: Ragnarok.
Null is a demon and enemy of the Defenders and the Squadron Supreme.
In the X-Men film series, the character has been portrayed by Brian Cox, Danny Huston and Josh Helman.
The first Amazing-Man debuted in All-Star Squadron #23, and was created by Roy Thomas and Jerry Ordway.
He also starred in his own self-titled miniseries in 2005/2006.
Heat Wave is a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an enemy of The Flash.
Strange is aided along the way by his friend and valet, Wong, and a large assortment of mystical objects.
Jack Drake is a fictional character from DC Comics books, specifically the Batman titles.
T-Ray is a fictional supervillain, published by Marvel Comics and created by Joe Kelly and Ed McGuiness.
Tomorrow Woman is a fictional character, an artificial lifeform and superhero from DC Comics.
The Controllers did not intend to use NEMO to benefit other races, but it did.
The character was created by Peter David and Pablo Raimondi.
He was Magneto's sniveling servant in the 1960s line-up of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants.
He was one of the children from the world of NEW-GEN granted extraordinary abilities by Deadalus' nanobot infestation.
Sepulchre is a fictional superhero published by Marvel Comics.
In July 2015, IDW Publishing began publishing a new Rom comic book series.
During the 1970s, Dikan was one of the most popular comics in Yugoslavia.
The character's popularity has seen him feature in numerous other media.
Skyrocket is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics.
Black Samson is a fictional character, a comic book superhero in the Image Comics series Invincible.
The first was an enemy of Nick Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D.. John Walker, who later became Captain America, then later U.S.
Stardust the Super Wizard made his first appearance in Fantastic Comics #1.
She first appeared in Doom Patrol vol.
He has shapeshifting abilities that go far beyond the ability to mimic the Hulk, and superhuman strength.
Elizabeth "Betty" Brant is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Llan the Sorcerer, a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
As a Gotham City mobster, the Penguin fancies himself a "gentleman of crime" and often wears a top hat and tuxedo.
Geoffrey is the leader of the Pride, a supervillain crime ring in Los Angeles.
In 2007, writer Warren Ellis introduced a new version of Starr in the Marvel series newuniversal.
Appearing within the fictional DC Universe, Swagman is primarily an enemy of Batman and the Dark Ranger.
He is portrayed as quiet, honest and virtuous.
Gateway is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He arrived in Mega-City One in 2108, and immediately warned the Judges not to interfere with his plans.
Zota of Pergamum, usually referred to as Zota, is a fictional character, a super villain who appears in comics published by Marvel Comics.
She first appeared in the Power Company back-up story in JLA #61,, but her origin is told in Power Company: Sapphire #1,.
Harold "Happy" Hogan is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Domino Lady was a masked pulp heroine who first appeared in the May 1936 issue of Saucy Romantic Adventures.
His attempt to break free and find his father made up a classic 1979–80 Uncanny X-Men storyline that was adapted in the 1990s X-Men animated series.
has most often appeared an enemy of Hawkman, and was most recently seen in 52.
He debuted in Prime #1 under Malibu Comics' Ultraverse imprint, and was one of its flagship characters along with Mantra and Hardcase.
She also wears a silver ankh on a chain around her neck, and has a marking similar to the eye of Horus around her right eye.
Doctor Occult is the earliest character created by DC Comics still currently used in the DC Universe.
She was based in part on several actual members of the French resistance, most notably Simone Segouin.
Ant-Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Cain and Abel are a pair of fictional characters in the DC Comics universe based on the biblical Cain and Abel.
Her first appearance was in X-Treme X-Men #21.
Created by Mark Millar, it is set in the Judge Dredd universe, fifty years after the events detailed in the current Judge Dredd comics.
His first appearance was in New X-Men #135, created by Grant Morrison and Frank Quitely.
Klara Prast is a fictional character, a superheroine that appears in the Marvel Comics Runaways.
Margo Lane is a fictional character in The Shadow stories.
Nth Man and Alfie O'Meagan first appeared in Marvel Comics Presents #25.
The character's name comes from Azazel, an angel from the Book of Enoch mentioned first at chapter 8 verse 1.
He first appeared in New Mutants, vol.
She is forced to abandon Nightcrawler, but raises Rogue for a number of years, and the two women have mixed feelings towards one another.
She first appeared in Dazzler #22 and was created by writer Danny Fingeroth and artist Frank Springer.
A young Dick Giordano provided the premiere issue's cover.
The character's name's similarity to the standard Israeli surname Allon led writer Paul Levitz in 1980 to identify the character as Jewish.
The First Born is a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Wonder Woman.
Created by writer Marv Wolfman and penciller Gene Colan, his first appearance was in the comic book The Tomb of Dracula #10 as a supporting character.
He is shown to have orchestrated most major events in the life of Wolverine, manipulating and controlling him for most of his life.
Hannibal King is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Paralyzer, also known as the second Shocker, is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Ocean Master is a fictional character, a supervillain published by DC Comics, and the brother of Aquaman.
In 2012, Mockingbird was listed as #48 on IGN's "Top 50 Avengers".
The daughter of the criminal Cluemaster, the character originated as the amateur crime-fighter named Spoiler.
Sobek is a fictional supervillain published by DC Comics.
Golden Archer is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Suppandi, also, is most of the time shown as an ignoramus but faithful servant to his masters.
It was eventually retconned that the Old West character was the ancestor of the modern-day character.
Poison Ivy is one of Batman's most enduring enemies and belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman's rogues gallery.
Lady Deathstrike, occasionally spelled "Deathstryke," is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Wally took up the mantle of the Flash following the death of Barry Allen from 1986 to 2009 in DC's main lineup.
Cosmic King is a fictional supervillain published by DC Comics.
She is an assassin who usually works for Dark Beast.
Nightmask is a name and identity used by several fictional characters who appear in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, and significantly developed by Roy Thomas and Jim Starlin.
The more well known Nanny is a mutant.
T. O. Morrow is a comic book supervillain published by DC Comics.
He is the head of the Global Defense Agency and is in charge of the Guardians of the Globe.
Brain Drain is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She is the third character and first female to take the Hawkeye name after Clint Barton of the Avengers and Wyatt McDonald of the Squadron Supreme.
The character first appeared in Darkhawk #1, and was created by writer Tom DeFalco and artist Mike Manley.
By the time Hop Harrigan had almost grown, his neighbor tried to destroy a biplane that once had been in the possession of Hop's father.
Olsen is a young photojournalist working for the Daily Planet.
The Eel is an alias used by two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Writer-artist Dick Briefer presented two loose adaptations of the story in the Prize Comics series Prize Comics and Frankenstein from 1940 to 1954.
Tala is the mistress of her own part of Hell.
Mister E was a Timely Comics Golden Age superhero.
Livewire is a fictional character in appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
She is the daughter of the previously established Marvel Universe character Ulysses Bloodstone and the sister of Cullen Bloodstone.
Shawn Ashmore portrayed Iceman in the X-Men films, and voices the character in The Super Hero Squad Show.
Mysterio is the name of several fictional characters, supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly as enemies of Spider-Man.
Lancelot "Lance" Hunter is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Karen adopted the Bumblebee identity three issues later, becoming DC's first African American female superhero.
His name and appearance are references to the title character from the classic horror feature film The Creature from the Black Lagoon.
He moved to the DC universe when DC Comics bought the rights to Quality Comics characters.
The fourth Harlequin has only appeared on a few occasions, and is an enemy of Alan Scott.
Sandman is a fictional character, a superhero who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics.
The Wrecker is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Grace is a fictional character in Soulfire, a comic book created by Michael Turner.
A mutant with the power of teleportation, he is the father of the X-Men's Nightcrawler.
Dreadstar's sword's first appearance was in Epic Illustrated #1.
Yet more characters have been authored as using the Anarky alias in the New 52 continuity via the pages of Detective Comics and Earth 2: Society.
The character is an enemy of both Barry Allen and Wally West, who each have assumed the role of the superhero Flash.
Superboy first appeared in the comic book More Fun Comics #101 in 1945.
By this time, the Doc stories were shorter than other stories in the magazine.
She is a shaman and a trans woman.
Dent took a new direction, with Doc infiltrating Russia and outwitting "the Ivans".
Tildie Soames is a fictional character, in the Marvel Comics universe of the X-Men.
Created by Gerry Conway and Don Newton, the character first appeared in New Gods #12.
The character is portrayed by James Spader in the 2015 film Avengers: Age of Ultron.
The friends in question are transgender writer and actress Kate Bornstein and the transsexual activist Chelsea Goodwin.
His first appearance was in Invincible #16.
He debuted in 1st Issue Special #8,, and was created by Mike Grell as a foil for Travis Morgan the Warlord.
Yankee Girl is the name of two fictional comics characters, superheroines each debuting during the 1930s and 1940s Golden Age of Comic Books.
He is most often depicted as an enemy of the X-Men, and was originally a weak, hunchbacked mutant, with a superhuman leaping ability.
He was chief judge of Mega-City One between 2116 and 2121.
In 2009, Doctor Octopus was ranked as IGN's 28th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Primarily an enemy of the Black Panther, the character exists within Marvel's main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.
From 2009–2010, the character replaced Batman as the lead in Detective Comics.
She refuses to make a snowman, instead offering to make a snow-black-lesbian-rape-victim-in-a-wheelchair.
A reluctant, non-costumed hero, he inherited his father’s name and mission and used his technology to create a cosmic staff.
Pineapple Man's secret identity is that of Isamu Pohoa, a young Hawaiian man who turned to a life of crime after graduating from High School.
He was created by Dennis O'Neil and Dick Dillin and first appeared in Justice League of America #70, published by DC Comics.
Red Wolf, Shooting Star and Texas Twister.
Like the turtles, Casey Jones is a vigilante, and was created as a parody of vigilante characters that were in comics.
Zachary Zatara is a fictional character in the DC Universe.
Mathemanic is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The comic published nine issues between 1982 and 1994.
The character has been depicted as possibly a mutant or extraterrestrial.
Jonathan Sebastian "Jonny" Double is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
He is one of the most powerful beings in the DC Universe, having enslaved many worlds.
Created by Jim Shooter, Nemesis Kid first appeared in Adventure Comics #346.
Her second appearance was 25 years later in Who's Who in the Legion of Super-Heroes #5 as a socialite.
The character first appeared in September 1997 in the Superman: The Animated Series episode "Livewire".
Rose Wilson is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
His alter-ego is Jack D'Auria, best friend to Danny Ketch.
He was a short time member of the "Second Genesis" group of X-Men gathered together in Giant-Size X-Men #1 as he died on their second mission.
Romany Wisdom is a fictional supporting character published by Marvel Comics.
Cardinal is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jenkins became known as "Mach-1", using a modified version of his Beetle armor that was designed for faster flight and higher altitude.
V is the title character of the comic book series V for Vendetta, created by Alan Moore and David Lloyd.
The character originally possesses a pair of large feathered wings extending from his back, enabling him to fly.
1 #55, and was created by Jim Starlin.
She were eliminated in a company-wide storyline, Crisis on Infinite Earths.
Thialfi is a Marvel Comics character adapted from Þjálfi, a character in Norse mythology by Dan Jurgens.
Lucikly, Superman was nearby, and he engaged Arclight.
Doctor Destiny is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Mantis is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by DC Comics.
The Ox is originally one of the Enforcers, who usually works for the Kingpin, Mister Fear or Hammerhead.
Other adventure stories filled up the back, and there was a letters column.
The second Nite Owl parodies the appearance of the iconic popular superhero Batman while the first parodies The Phantom.
She was also inspired by elements of Superman's supposed descendant Laurel Kent.
Hebe first appeared in Ka-Zar #1, written by Allyn Brodsky and Frank Springer.
Zeiss is a DC Comics villain, primarily an enemy of the Batman.
She is Howard Stark's wife and Anthony "Tony" Stark's mother.
As such, Bill becomes the first being outside of the Marvel Universe's Norse pantheon to be deemed worthy to wield Thor's hammer, Mjolnir.
Initially, the series was to have been drawn by Carlos Trigo but the Spanish artist was replaced by Dave Gibbons prior to the first issue's publication.
The characters were created by John Broome and Mike Sekowsky.
Emplate would serve as one of the major antagonists to the Generation X comic book series during its run.
The character appears in the NEW-GEN comic books.
Satan Girl reappears in Legionnaires #17, as one of the time anomalies created by the events of Zero Hour.
DeSaad is a fictional comic book supervillain, appearing in books published by DC Comics.
He first appeared in Flash Comics #1.
Parallax is a fictional comic book supervillain in the DC Comics universe.
The character is usually depicted as an opponent of the X-Men.
She is a cat burglar created as a villain and rival to Catwoman.
Doctor Evelyn Clarice Sarah Necker is a fictional character who appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Hades is a fictional character appearing in DC Comics publications and related media, commonly as an adversary and sometimes-ally of the super hero Wonder Woman.
During his investigations a machine accidentally gave him the power to not only control lightning but also to turn into the human embodiment of lighting.
The character first appeared in Marvel Comics Presents vol.
He was originally owned by Quality Comics, but was later acquired by DC Comics, along with other Quality characters.
She later had a recurring role in the pages of Excalibur.
Uatu is the Watcher assigned to observe Earth and its solar system.
Samuel Thomas "Sam" Wilson is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Nature Boy #3, published by Charlton Comics.
The Woman in Red is a fictional character that first appeared in the period known to comic book historians as the Golden Age of Comic Books.
After being decapitated, his head was later revealed to have been attached to a large cyborg, and later merged with the cybernetic extraterrestrial Phalanx race.
He often coins most of their catchphrases, such as "Cowabunga!".
Chase is the eldest of the Runaways at age 18.
The Batman appearance was used to promote the upcoming series.
Talia has appeared in over 200 individual comics issues, and has been featured in various media adaptions.
Dragonna is a Filipino comic book character created by Mars Ravelo.
The third Harlequin was a member of the Injustice Unlimited super-villain team, and battled Infinity, Inc.
She first appeared in Uncanny X-Men #499, created by Ed Brubaker and Ben Oliver.
He first appeared in New X-Men: Academy X #7.
Frankenstein's Monster is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The number of rats joined together varies from a few to as many as 30.
Whedon is a lawyer and her mutant ability is to transform into a red dragon.
Pip the Troll is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He eventually led his own version of the Brotherhood, which was more involved in petty crime than mutant liberation.
The mummudrai that became Cassandra became telepathically entangled with the future Charles Xavier, who possesses vast mutant telepathic powers.
The character had a 56-issue comic book series, Supreme: The Return #1-6, and a revival in 2012 with issues #63-68.
The Prankster is a freedom fighter in a repressive dystopia called Ultrapolis.
The Black Talon is the name of a number of fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She has starred in Gen¹³ and DV8.
Although she is a full member of Femforce Tara spends much of her time on Jungle Island, which is owned by her millionaire father T.C.
Her name is a play on the ancient British warrior-queen Boudica.
In 2009, Magog was ranked as IGN's 75th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Cowboy Henk is a Belgian absurd humor/surreal humour gag-a-day comic strip series, drawn by Herr Seele and written by Kamagurka.
Shock Gibson is a fictional comic book superhero who first appeared in Speed Comics #1, from Brookwood Publications.
Sasha Bordeaux is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Alexandra Petri of The Washington Post called for the character to be judged on the quality of its stories, which have garnered positive reviews.
Faust is the son of the evil magician Felix Faust.
The Kingmaker is the name of three fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
After DC Comics rebooted its continuity in 1985, Wonder Woman, her supporting characters and many of her foes, were re-imagined and reintroduced.
Since his debut he has taken on the role of villain, hero and antihero.
Gorgon is a fictional character, a DC Comics supervillain, part of the evil gang called Extremists.
Blaquesmith is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Poison first appeared in Web of Spider-Man Annual #4.
In 2009, Gepetto was ranked as IGN's 91st Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Created by writer Stan Lee and artists Don Heck and Jack Kirby, he first appeared in The Avengers #9.
Roxanne Simpson is a fictional supporting character of the Marvel Comics superhero Johnny Blaze also known as Ghost Rider.
The character first appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man #31, and was created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko.
Spike is a character from New X-Men, who first appeared in issue #126 of that title.
IGN named him 45th of the Top 100 Comic Book Heroes.
First published January 7, 1934, the strip was inspired by and created to compete with the already established Buck Rogers adventure strip.
Devos the Devastator is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In The New 52, a mysterious man is currently searching for Mia.
The Leader first appeared in Tales to Astonish #62, created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko as an enemy of the Hulk.
This article is for the Marvel Comics Earth-Goddess.
During one her first jobs with the Serpent Society she was contracted to kill MODOK, but ran into Captain America during the job.
The original Despair is seen in Endless Nights during Dream's story.
It involves the surreal adventures of "the boy with unfeasibly large testicles".
His first appearance was in X-Force #116.
Mister E is a fictional character, appearing in magazines published by American company DC Comics.
Captain Midlands was created by writer Paul Cornell and first penciled by Trevor Hairsine and first appeared in Wisdom #1.
Rai is a fictional superhero that appeared in books published by Valiant Comics.
She reappears in issue #169 and plays a major role in subsequent issues, mainly as Spawn's sidekick.
The character is portrayed by Maximiliano Hernández in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Loosely based on DC Comics's the Joker, he is the first major antagonist to face Nighthawk.
The character was created by writer Robert Kirkman.
Once DC Comics re-wrote their history with Crisis on Infinite Earths Dev-Em was changed into a Daxamite instead of a Kryptonian.
Both Ikaris and the Eternals were created by Jack Kirby.
Snooky Serna played Galema, Zuma's daughter, only in the first film; the role was played in the sequel by a lesser-known actress named Jenny Lyn.
Black Bolt is the ruler of the Inhumans, a reclusive race of genetically altered superhumans.
The Jaguar is a superhero first published in 1961 by Archie Comics.
Law is a Dark Horse Comics supervillain.
Silversword is a fictional supervillain in the DC Comics universe.
Sharon first appeared in New Mutants vol.
One AC's earliest original characters, Tara debuted in 1974 in Tara on the Dark Continent.
In most installments, he becomes a love interest of April O'Neil.
Spider-Woman was met with positive reviews from critics, with them applauding her design–which was cited as a popular choice for cosplay–and a feminist perspective.
As Dick Giordano stated in the editorial page of L.A.W.
He was also the third character to take on the Hobgoblin mantle after being brainwashed as a stand in.
Much to the consternation of his demonic brethren, Hot Stuff sometimes performs good deeds to irritate them.
She is a primeval Earth goddess, who has enfused her life essence into those of all Earth's living beings.
One character is the descendant of a demigod, the other a mercenary.
Nocturne is a member of the reality-hopping Exiles and formerly associated with New Excalibur.
1 #129 before being given a larger role in the Weapon X series.
She is very organized and is usually assigned to a position of authority in the organisations she works for.
The strip is distributed by King Features Syndicate.
Her first appearance was in Morlocks #1, created by Geoff Johns and Shawn Martinbrough.
She-Cat is a fictional character, owned by DC Comics, who exists in that company's DC Universe.
Paragon is the codename used by three unrelated fictional characters from Marvel Comics.
The first version was Landra, an alien woman who was by writer Bill Mantlo and artist Sal Buscema.
Maria Stark is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Priest was played by Melinda Clarke in the film.
Billy the Fish is a long-running cartoon strip in the British comic Viz that first appeared in 1983.
Oblivion represents non-existence and is a counterforce to the expanding universe.
This combination of invulnerability and velocity makes him a surprisingly useful combatant.
Lifeguard is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Suske is one of the main characters in the popular Belgian comic strip Suske en Wiske by Willy Vandersteen.
In the future MERCURY MAN will have more concerns too, fighting off the new Powers from his own home Galaxy.
Since his introduction, Shadowman has been a key character in the Valiant Universe and has sold over 5.3 million copies to date, with 80 issues published.
The character appeared in the original Squadron Supreme series.
Kenuichio Harada was the son of super villain Shingen Yashida and was a mutant with the power to charge a Katana.
He was created by Peter Milligan and Mike Allred in X-Force vol.
His gimmick consists of dressing like an early twentieth century high society gentleman and creating havoc out of boredom.
They are a Super-Skrull in training, created by author Brian K. Vaughan & artist Adrian Alphona, and debuted in Runaways vol.
Wanker's appearance is based on a combination of a stereotypical London taxi driver and Mike Reid's character Frank Butcher from EastEnders.
The third Sidewinder, Gregory Bryan, was given his powers by the Brand Corporation and became a member of the Serpent Society later on.
Veranke is a fictional character created by Marvel Comics who serves as the queen of the Skrull empire in the Marvel Universe.
Credit for the Joker's creation is disputed; Kane and Robinson claimed responsibility for the Joker's design, while acknowledging Finger's writing contribution.
Created by writer Jay Faerber and artist Mahmud A. Asrar, he first appeared in Dynamo 5 #1.
In 2009, Kraven was ranked as IGN's 53rd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Born Kara Zor-El, Supergirl is the biological cousin of the superhero Superman.
She was one of the founding members of a future incarnation of the X-Men called X-Men 2099.
The First American's first appearance was in Tomorrow
Kelex is a fictional robot appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Superman.
The character was later revived by writer Alan Moore for America's Best Comics.
Nebula has appeared in several other media adaptations of the Marvel comics, including animated television series and video games.
Wonder Boy is the name of two fictional characters who have appeared as superheroes in comics published by Quality Comics and DC Comics.
Man-Bull is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
This allows him to freeze objects, as well as turn his body into ice.
Elias Bogan is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Jude the Entropic Man is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
After the events of Superboy #34 Kon-El returns as Superboy again.
He is a respected member and one of the most experienced Green Lanterns.
He is a mutant and foe of Cable and Wolverine.
Queen Desira is the name of two fictional characters of royal background.
These characters range from supporting characters, heroes and villains that appear infrequently, to characters that only take part in a single story.
The Astounding Wolf-Man is a comic book series launched by American company Image Comics on May 5, 2007.
The Egyptian goddess character has been depicted within the Wonder Woman comic book.
One is the deity from Aztec mythology and appeared in Wonder Woman.
His first appearance was in a special insert in The New Teen Titans #16.
Hiro-Kala is a fictional comic book supervillain appearing in books published by Marvel Comics, usually as an adversary of the Hulk.
His most frequent enemies are Spider-Man, Power Man, Iron Fist, Thunderbolt, and Boomerang.
In August 2007, Vertigo launched The Un-Men, a monthly comic book series chronicling the further exploits of these characters.
Xing Ling is one of the lead characters from the Singaporean comic series, The Celestial Zone by Wee Tian Beng.
Marvel ceased publishing all Conan titles in 2000.
Co-created by writer Mark Moretti and artist Joe Quesada, the character first appeared in Bloodshot #6 as Colin King and quickly gained his own series.
He was created by writer John Wagner and artist Carlos Ezquerra, and first appeared in the second issue of 2000 AD, a weekly science-fiction anthology comic.
Rikki Barnes first appears in Captain America #1 and was created by Jeph Loeb and Rob Liefeld.
This version of the character, with blood-red hair and pale white skin, was written by Ivan Brandon and illustrated by Tom Derenick.
This article is on the original 1940s Vision.
Stinger is a fictional mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
She is a former member of the Young Heroes.
In the early Nineties, Liefeld created the character for his Extreme Studios as leader of superhero team “Youngblood”.
He is a Green Lantern from the world of Garnet—also known as Hellhole.
Jason Bard is a fictional character in the DC Universe.
He is often depicted as a mercenary hired as a training instructor by various criminal organizations.
Josiah X is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Vicky Vale is typically depicted as a romantic interest of Bruce Wayne.
He is a mysterious anarchist, vigilante, and freedom fighter who is easily recognizable by his Guy Fawkes mask, long hair and dark clothing.
The character is usually depicted as an opponent of the X-Men.
Phantom Jack is the eponymous character of a comic book series created by writer Michael San Giacomo.
He eventually became a mentor for Jack Knight, the son of the Golden Age Starman Ted Knight, a hero the Shade had also fought.
He is also the nephew of Bill Foster.
Lois London is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Zago was a jungle adventurer, very much like the more popular Tarzan.
Both actors reprised the role in the film X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Wither is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Trigger Twins are the names of two sets of fictional Western themed comic book characters published by DC Comics.
Blindfold is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character first appeared in Hawkeye vol.2 #1 and was created by Chuck Dixon and Scott Kolins.
Tiberius was one of Rome's greatest generals; his conquest of Pannonia, Dalmatia, Raetia, and temporarily, parts of Germania, laid the foundations for the northern frontier.
Scatterbrain is a fictional character, a superhero in the Marvel Universe, member of the Strikeforce: Morituri.
After growing up in Brit-Cit, Vienna re-entered Dredd's life as an adult in 2124.
Prophet has starred in three ongoing series bearing his name; these monthlies debuted in 1993, 1995, and 2012, respectively.
Ultimate Wolverine is a fictional comic book superhero appearing in books published by Marvel Comics.
Her first appearance in a print story was in The Thunder King, a story in the April 1941 issue of The Shadow Magazine.
The character was created by Grant Morrison and Ethan Van Sciver, and first appeared in New X-Men vol.
Arabian Knight is a title used by three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Ethan Edwards is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Sleez is a fictional extraterrestrial supervillain published by DC Comics.
Shola Inkosi is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is the father of X-Men supervillainess Lady Deathstrike and Lord Deathstrike and the inventor of the adamantium bonding process.
The character's first appearance was in Ka-Zar the Savage #11; he was created by Bruce Jones and Brent Anderson.
Maruja is a Filipino comic book character created by Mars Ravelo.
Urich is a chain-smoking, tough-as-nails investigative journalist for the New York newspaper The Daily Bugle.
Fire Lad is a fictional character, a superhero in the DC Universe.
Jameson is typically depicted as the publisher or editor-in-chief of the Daily Bugle, a fictional New York newspaper.
As the tyrannical ruler of the planet Apokolips, Darkseid's ultimate goal is to conquer the universe and eliminate all free will.
This one has a real chance of being made."
He first appears in Green Lantern Corps Quarterly #1 in the summer of 1992.
Blithe is a fictional character from DC Comics' Supergirl series.
Although Shojun saw it coming, even he could not stop it and he was killed.
Since her introduction, Narcilina has been the primary romantic interest of Francisco Guerrero, the modern-day El Gato Negro.
His first appearance was in Uncanny X-Men #236.
Wendy the Good Little Witch is a fictional comic book character from Harvey Comics.
Val Rhymin is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics award-winning series, Runaways.
He later had acquired powers, causing him to transform into a massive creature calling himself A-Bomb.
Candra, sometimes called Kandra is a fictional character, a mutant supervillainess appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Maxwell Lord IV, or simply Max Lord, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Bane is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman.
Both characters first appear in Big Bang Comics #3, and were created by Chris Ecker, Gary S. Carlson and Steve Adams.
On 28 October 2010, it was announced that 98% of the shares in the previous airline AIRES had been acquired by Chilean carrier LATAM Airlines.
Malekith the Accursed is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jason Todd is the most widely known version of the incarnation, and he assumes the Red Hood identity in the main DC Comics continuity.
He was created by Jack Schiff, George Kashdan, Bernie Breslauer, Virgil Finlay, and Howard Sherman.
Dream is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics' imprint Vertigo.
Created by Carl Potts and Jim Lee, the character made his first appearance in The Punisher War Journal Vol.
A spin-off character, "Gnuttarna", later had their own magazine.
Effigy is a DC Comics supervillain who fought against Green Lantern Kyle Rayner using the flame powers gained from the Controllers.
Alexander Joseph "Lex" Luthor is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Satana is a fictional character, a half-demon appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The original version of the character was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Howard Sherman, and first appeared in More Fun Comics #55.
Originally intended for comics, the character became known via a faux-historical website created by Guinan, and has since appeared in other media.
She was created by Doug Moench and Jim Aparo and made her first appearance in Batman #481,.
She first appeared in the second series of the Teen Titans comics in issue #1.
Kevin Masterson is a fictional character that appeared in Marvel Comics.
There are 2 versions of Katar Hol, the Silver Age version and the post-Hawkworld version.
Victor Zsasz or ( is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
He has had a fairly consistent presence in X-Men-related comic books since his debut.
Cosmic Boy is a fictional character, a comic book superhero in the 30th and 31st centuries of the DC Comics Universe.
Professor Barabas is a Flemish comic book character from the Suske en Wiske series by Willy Vandersteen.
The character first appears in The Amazing Spider-Man #419, and makes his first full appearance in Amazing Spider-Man #432.
Sonámbulo is a fictional character from the American independent comic book series of the same name created by Rafael Navarro.
Red Lotus is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Created by writer George Kapitan and artist Harry Sahle, she is unrelated to Marvel's later superspy character called Black Widow.
Aurora is the twin sister of Northstar and the former lover of Sasquatch and Wild Child.
In the earliest Dutch translations Jerom's name was changed into "Jeroen".
The character was created by writer-editor Stan Lee and designed by artist Gene Colan and first appeared in Marvel Super-Heroes #12.
Valkyrie will make her cinematic debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film, Thor: Ragnarok, where she will be played by actress Tessa Thompson.
The cartoons have also been published in the Dutch magazine Vrij Nederland, the French magazine Charlie Hebdo and the US magazine RAW.
He is a superhero associated with the X-Men.
This is diametrically opposed to screenwriter Gloria Katz, who, in adapting the comic to the screen, declared, "It's a film about a duck from outer space...
Rom appeared in the American comic book Rom: Spaceknight by Bill Mantlo and Sal Buscema, and published by Marvel Comics.
This version of Batman was created by Frank Miller and first appeared in The Dark Knight Returns #1.
O'Malley said that during the development of the book, "the hair colors in the book barely crossed my mind.
Mantra encounters Prime who develops somewhat of a crush on her female aspect.
In 1962 her "creator" Robert Kanigher pitted her against the Sea Devils in Sea Devils #3, illustrated by Russ Heath.
Fatman the Human Flying Saucer is a fictional character, a comic book superhero created by artist C. C. Beck and writer Otto Binder in the 1960s.
The issue's December, 1939 cover date indicates that Doll Man is the first comic book superhero with a shrinking power.
Channing Tatum will portray Gambit in an upcoming solo film.
Braddock was known for his fearless nature, superb piloting skills and no-nonsense attitude.
Foxglove is a fictional character from the Sandman graphic novels, written by Neil Gaiman.
Killpower is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was introduced in the 1993 Outsiders comic book series.
Dhruva became a very popular character soon after he was introduced.
He is the first superhero known as The Flash.
The character first appeared in The Brave and the Bold #30 and was created by Gardner Fox and Murphy Anderson.
Metallo is depicted as a cyborg with a kryptonite power source, which he uses as a weapon against Superman.
The two would later form the crime fighting duo, the Daughters of the Dragon.
Sam & Max Hit the Road is regarded as an exceptional adventure game and an iconic classic of computer gaming in the 1990s.
Abraham "Abe" Sapien is a fictional character introduced in the comic book series Hellboy, created by Mike Mignola.
The toy based characters were all owned by Takara Co., Ltd., with any original characters owned by Marvel.
Demonic Toys is an American film produced by Charles Band's Full Moon Entertainment and released in 1992.
Amazing-Man is the name used by four fictional characters published by DC Comics.
Werner von Strucker is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character has appeared in the comic book X-Men, which is part of the Marvel Universe.
The character first appeared in Strange Tales #157 and was created by Stan Lee, Marie Severin, and Herb Trimpe.
Fighting American is the title character of a patriotically themed comic book character created in 1954 by the writer-artist team of Joe Simon and Jack Kirby.
Terror Inc. was an American comic-book horror series from Marvel Comics starring the antihero Terror.
A revamped version of this character, archaeologist Dan Garrett, introduced in 1964 by Charlton Comics drew mystical abilities from an ancient Egyptian scarab.
He is an alien Kree, a military commander whose weakness is his jealousy of the accomplishments of others and his love for the medic Una.
Matonti, and Julia Coppola, he first appeared in NEW-GEN #1.
James Madrox, also called the Multiple Man, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Chemo is a supervillain that appears in DC Comics.
Kamuu is the name of two fictional characters in the Marvel Universe.
Ultraa is a DC Comics character, originally the first superhuman on Earth Prime.
In addition, Atlas published two issues of Adventures of Homer Ghost
Primal is a fictional comic book superhero appearing in books published by Marvel Comics.
In addition to its obvious play on the word "mystery", Ms. Tree was also the name of the series' main character.
Constrictor is a fictional character, a supervillain turned antihero, appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Namorita Prentiss is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Sharon Carter appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe in Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Captain America: Civil War, portrayed by Emily VanCamp.
And then he would diligently help them re-build, perhaps even better.
The series lasted three issues before the company went out of business in January 1976.
She first appeared in All-Star Squadron #58.
The character first appears in Thor #337 and was created by writer-artist Walt Simonson.
Later he disguises himself and enters a Tournament of Mongo hoping to win Princess Aura, however is forced to fight Flash.
Lady Bullseye is a fictional character, a supervillainess in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Exodus is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Royal Roy: A Prince of a Boy was a bimonthly comic book from Marvel Comics' younger-readers' imprint Star Comics.
Following his resurrection, Lang was briefly the head of the Future Foundation.
Her first appearance was in The Fury of Firestorm #23, created by writer Gerry Conway and artist Rafael Kayanan.
The character was created by Jack Kirby, and first appeared in the comic book Fantastic Four #48, published in 1966.
In the mid-2000s, Bishop took on an antagonistic role over the course of several storylines.
The character was revived in 2005 for Albion, a six issue mini-series published by the Wildstorm imprint of DC Comics.
Created by Nunzio DeFilippis and Christina Weir, she first appeared in New X-Men: Academy X #1.
His first appearance was in X-Men vol.
The series was created by writer John Wagner and artist Carlos Ezquerra for Starlord, a short-lived weekly science fiction comic, in 1978.
Created by cartoonist Jack Cole, Plastic Man was one of the first superheroes to incorporate humor into mainstream action storytelling.
The Justifiers are fictional foot soldiers in the DC Comics universe.
He is a founding member of the Legion of Super-Heroes, and was the original leader in all incarnations of the Legion.
Another Atom from the 853rd Century first appeared as part of Justice Legion Alpha in August 1999.
Shaft is a comic book superhero created by writer-artist Rob Liefeld.
In October, the character made his video game debut in Batman: Arkham Origins, as a villain who threatens government and corporate institutions with destruction.
At the end of the day, Neal would be proven right.
They are based on the Jack Kirby character of the same name
Most of Martinex's adventures take place as a member of the 31st century Guardians of the Galaxy.
Sarge Steel is a detective/spy character published by Charlton Comics during the 1960s.
He is best friends with Julian Keller and is extremely close to and protective of Cessily Kincaid.
This personality was ultimately replaced with a more introspective and brooding personality in the late 1980s, when the character was changed into the darker "Archangel" persona.
Tracer is the name of two fictional supervillains published by DC Comics.
Static is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
However, that symbiote is sacrificed to help cure the "Spider-Island" epidemic during the 2011 storyline.
The comic was created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Jason Howard, who had previously worked together on Image's The Astounding Wolf-Man.
Apocalypse is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The stories have been translated into several languages, including English, and the title has been adapted to animated and live-action film.
He first appeared in Startling Comics #34, published by Nedor Comics.
In the original French version, Papa Smurf’s name is "Le Grand Schtroumpf” which means "the Great Smurf" or "the Big Smurf."
She was created by Billy Graham, George Tuska, and Steve Englehart, and first appeared in Luke Cage, Hero for Hire Vol.
Victor Alvarez is a fictional comic book superhero published by Marvel Comics.
Toxin later bonded to Eddie Brock as his second host after Patrick Mulligan was killed.
A replacement Doomlord ruled in favour of Earth and eventually became its protector, fathering a son; the strip evolved into superheroics drawn by Eric Bradbury.
She was first described in Green Arrow vol.
Deacon Frost is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In July, a revamped version of Anarky was debuted as the primary antagonist in Beware the Batman, a Batman animated series produced by Warner Bros.
Agatha was eventually killed by Wanda, who went insane.
Her creators were John Francis Moore and Ron Lim.
Pixie is a fictional character, a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character is one of the greatest enemies of the vigilante Moon Knight.
The character has developed significantly over the years.
Atalon first appeared in Ultraforce #0 and was created by Gerard Jones and George Pérez.
Rantanplan [ʁɑ̃tɑ̃ˈplɑ̃] is a fictional hound dog created by Belgian comics artist Morris and French writer René Goscinny.
Natas is a fictional character in the DC Universe.
Cable is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly in association with X-Force and the X-Men.
DC relaunched the Supergirl comic and television series in August 2016 as part of their DC Rebirth initiative.
Bomb Queen is an American fictional comic book character, created by Jimmie Robinson.
The character was created by Stan Lee and Bill Everett.
Leech is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is confronted and defeated by the Avengers as he tried to destroy the facility where he did his original research.
He is a short, physically fit Asian with black hair, with no particularly distinguishing features.
Manitou Raven is a fictional character and superhero from DC Comics.
Over the course of her comic book history, Renee is outed as a lesbian, and later resigns from the police force, disgusted by its corruption.
Photon is a fictional comic book superhero from Image Comics.
A younger Toad appears in the film X-Men: Days of Future Past, played by Evan Jonigkeit.
Rulah, Jungle Goddess is a fictional character, a jungle girl, in comic books published by Fox Feature Syndicate.
Though not a supervillain, his mercenary activities often bring him into conflict with superheroes.
Sunfire is a mutant and former member of the X-Men.
After the events of the 2006–2007 miniseries 52, his protégé Renee Montoya took up his mantle and became his successor.
Natasha Irons is a fictional character, a superhero in the DC Universe and the niece of John Henry Irons.
The character has appeared in the Iron Man comic books.
The second series was written by Kurt Busiek.
Many stories depicted Wonder Woman rescuing herself from bondage, which defeated the "damsels in distress" trope that was common in comics during the 1940s.
He physically resembles a satyr, and was created using cloning techniques by combining human and animal DNA.
Connor Hawke first appeared in Green Arrow #0.
Created by writer Kurt Busiek and artists Brent Anderson and Alex Ross.
Created by writer Dan Slott and artist Stefano Caselli, the Baron's last name is German for "Lightning-Strike."
He is one of the "Five Lights"—a group of mutants who manifested their abilities after the events of "Second Coming".
The character has appeared in many adaptations of Spider-Man outside of the comic books, including various cartoons and video games.
Editor William de Grouchy was brought back to revive the magazine, and asked Dent to return to larger-than-life stories.
The fourth Amazing Man debuted in OMAC #2, and was created by Dan DiDio and Keith Giffen.
In the Ultimate Universe, the character is a wealthy business tycoon and inventor who created the Iron Man power armor.
Headsman is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Lash is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
This article is about the Marvel Comics character.
Since his introduction, the character has appeared in a number of X-Men titles, including spin-offs and several limited series.
She is a friend and partner of the second Flash Barry Allen.
Doomsday is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Superman.
Her first appearance was in New Mutants Annual #7.
She first appeared in The Savage She-Hulk Vol 1 #15 of April, in 1981.
The character has regularly appeared as a main character in several comic book titles, including various incarnations of Inhumans as well as Fantastic Four and Avengers.
Kylun is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Jury is a fictional group of armored vigilantes in the Marvel Comics universe.
The character was intended to first appear in Shade, the Changing Man #9 but instead first appeared in Detective Comics #487 in December 1979.
Dr. Karl Malus is a fictional mad scientist and criminal appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
It became a cult classic, popular since its creation till today, and becoming an important part of canon of Polish children's literature.
For other characters with the same name, see Sláine.
Star Comics reprinted several Jo-Jo stories under the name "Bombo", and Ajax Comics reprinted one story in 1954 with the character renamed "Kaza."
Jones has since starred in three ongoing series, Alias, The Pulse and Jessica Jones.
She is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries of the DC Universe.
He is the son of the Green Lantern Abin Sur.
Phobos is the name of two fictional comic book characters appearing in books published by Marvel Comics characters.
Foxbat was designed by Bruce Harlick based on Mark William's artwork on the cover of Enemies II.
However, Shojun's death did not stop the Seven Samurai as Dredd had hoped.
Oroku "The Shredder" Saki is a fictional character in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comics and all of its related media.
Equus is a fictional comic book supervillain, a cyborg mercenary in the DC Comics universe who serves as an opponent of Superman.
Sasquatch is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jade is fictional comic book character published by Chaos!
Sway is a fictional character , a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Capricorn is the name of different fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Ding Dong Daddy is based on legendary hot rod enthusiast/painter/pinstriper Ed "Big Daddy" Roth.
Xemnu the Titan, also known as Xemnu the Hulk, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by writer Joseph Samachson and designed by artist Joe Certa, the character first appeared in the story "The Manhunter from Mars" in Detective Comics #225.
He is a master martial artist, and is the father of the villain Bane.
The Judge Child was an extended storyline in the comic strip Judge Dredd that ran in issues 156-181 of British magazine 2000 AD, in 1980.
Magnus, Robot Fighter is a fictional comic book superhero created by writer/artist Russ Manning in 1963.
Venom made his first appearance in The Amazing Spider-Man #300.
The character has been adapted often in the comic book medium.
Dr. Henry "Hank" Pym is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Faustus is a fictional character who appeared in stories published by Charlton Comics.
He is one of the last Spirits of Vengeance in existence.
1 #8, in which he replaced Jonathan Junior Juniper who was killed in issue #4.
Lew Moxon is a fictional character in the DC Comics Batman series.
The first entry was The Man of Bronze, in March, 1933 from the house name "Kenneth Robeson".
Kirigi is a fictional ninja assassin appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character's debut series was met with critical success but lasted only four issues.
In 2011, IGN ranked Silver Surfer 41st in its "Top 100 Comic Heroes" list.
Blackthorn is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Thunderbird is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Curse is a fictional villain in the comic book, Spawn.
Tiberius was a Roman Emperor from 14 AD to 37 AD.
Roxy later appeared in several comic books based on the TV show.
She also is an elite combatant, being able to best most of the opponents in the galaxy.
Before that he was also the mascot of the magazine Pilote.
Al MacKenzie is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Young All-Stars did not achieve the popularity All-Star Squadron, which had featured better known characters from the Golden Age of Comic Books.
Early on unknown to himself, he wields a great deep power within him.
Later, Tex himself went on to become the Chief of the Navajo tribe.
Taurus is the name of different characters in Marvel Comics.
She first appeared in the Marvel Comics Runaways.
He was portrayed by Ty Burrell in the 2008 film The Incredible Hulk.
The character is depicted usually as an enemy of the Asgardian king Odin, father of Thor.
The original Harlequin was a foe of the Golden Age Green Lantern, and later became his wife.
He is featured in the Eve of Destruction story arc in Uncanny X-Men.
Ultiman is a fictional character published by Big Bang Comics.
She is a villainess and enemy of Green Arrow, with whom she is romantically obsessed, and Black Canary.
Prudence, originally a female, was murdered by Steinbeck, a pyrokinetic mutant.
Antiope is a DC Comics character introduced in 1984.
Her powers are a combination of Dawnstar and Wildfire.
Her mutation grants her pixie-like eyes, colorful wings that allow her to fly, and "pixie dust" which causes hallucinations.
Both are major adversaries of Captain America and the Avengers and have led the Masters of Evil.
Franklin is a mutant beyond Omega-Level with vast reality-manipulating and psionic powers.
Snowbird is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Susan "Sue" Dearbon Dibny is a fictional character from DC Comics associated with the Elongated Man.
The War Machine armor, which became his signature armored battlesuit, was designed by Len Kaminski and Kevin Hopgood.
The Atom is a name shared by several fictional comic book superheroes from the DC Comics universe.
Nightwatch is a fictional superhero who has appeared in various comic book series published by Marvel Comics.
He was created by Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon, and first appeared in The Punisher Vol.
He was created by Gardner Fox and William Smith.
The second series was a continuation of the first with a number of changes, including new details about Ghost's origin.
He is named after Leonardo da Vinci.
The second Diamondback is Rachel Leighton, originally a super villain who was part of the Serpent Society.
Psyklop is a fictional character, a comic book supervillain in the Marvel Comics Universe.
She is Holden Holliway's granddaughter and in the custody of She-Hulk.
She is a composite of Claire and the comic character Night Nurse.
Dagar was a desert adventurer, in the vein of Tarzan.
Scratch9 is an all-ages comic featuring an ordinary house cat who can summon any of his nine lives to help him out in his adventures.
Painkiller Jane is a fictional character, a comic book heroine created by Jimmy Palmiotti and Joe Quesada for Event Comics in 1995.
Hush first appeared in Batman #609, as part of the 12-issue storyline Batman: Hush where he was created by Jeph Loeb and Jim Lee.
He is also programmed with fighting techniques from forms of combat including karate, tae kwon do, Western boxing and Wing Chun.
Joe did everything else, designed the character, named her Amanda McKee, filled in her personal history where he could.
Ekron is a fictional character in the publications of DC Comics.
They attempted to invade it, but confronted by the Aladdin Assault Squad, the heroes changed their plans.
Fahnbullah Eddy, also known as Gorilla Girl, is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Adhemar is a Flemish comic book character.
Vanth Dreadstar is a fictional comic book character created by American artist Jim Starlin.
Freakshow is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is primarily an adversary of Green Arrow.
Mister No is an Italian comic book, first published in Italy in 1975 by Sergio Bonelli Editore.
Jon Bernthal portrays the character in the second season of Marvel's Daredevil as a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
The Fighting Yank is the name of several fictional comic book superheroes.
Astrovik has been affiliated with the New Warriors and The Avengers.
Wingfoot is an excellent athlete, marksman, hand-to-hand fighter, tracker and animal trainer, and has been of timely help in numerous potentially devastating situations.
Ultiman has proven to be the most popular of all Big Bang Comics heroes.
In 2017, he makes his cinematic debut in Spider-Man: Homecoming, portrayed by actor Bokeem Woodbine.
In 2011, she was ranked 17th in both Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" and IGN's "Top 100 Comic Books Heroes".
Galaxy Master is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character has been depicted as a member of the Thunderbolts and Young Allies.
Miss Martian is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Arsenal is a fictional character, a robot appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He has mostly appeared as a villain, opposing Thor and Deadpool as well as the Fantastic Four.
A talented telepath from the 30th century, Saturn Girl is a founding member of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
She first appeared in the television series, Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation.
Agent, the third is a foe of Spider-Man, and the fourth is a mutant who was a member of Six Pack.
Wisdom is a British Secret Service agent with the mutant ability to throw "blades" of energy from his fingertips.
Circe would be re-imagined in June 1988, by comics writer/artist George Pérez as part of his reboot of the Wonder Woman mythos.
Created by Larry Hama, she first appeared in Generation X #37.
Speed is a fictional character, a superhero and member of the Young Avengers, a team of teenaged superheroes in the Marvel Universe.
Phishy McPhish is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Apart from the titular story, it contains three more: The Handy Smurf, The Smurf Paint and A Smurfy Party.
Leather is a fictional character from DC Comics.
Created by Todd McFarlane, the character first appeared in Spawn #1.
She is often accompanied by her younger brother, Ding.
2, #7, the overall 11th issue of that title.
His red features are fanged and bestial.
He is one of the most recognizable comic book characters in Belgium and comparable to Lambik from the Suske en Wiske series by Willy Vandersteen.
Arnim Zola was a biochemist during World War II, experimenting with genetic engineering.
Luna Maximoff is a fictional supporting character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character was most notable for having briefly been the partner of the Green Goblin.
Alysia Yeoh is a fictional character created by writer Gail Simone for the Batgirl ongoing series published by DC Comics.
He is an enemy of the Punisher and Wolverine.
Scanner, otherwise known as Screener, is a mutant in the Marvel Comics universe
The Green Lama character is not in the public domain, as the author "wisely retained all rights to his creation."
The character is based on the legendary archer Robin Hood whose earliest recorded literary appearance was in William Langland's 14th century narrative poem, Piers Plowman.
He's generally portrayed as a child and as a budding super-hero, albeit inexperienced.
Master Izo is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe.
Alfred Thaddeus Crane Pennyworth is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, most commonly in association with the superhero Batman.
Freeze, and was introduced in Batman: The Animated Series.
His creators were John Francis Moore and Ron Lim.
Outsider is the name of three different characters in DC Comics.
Clive Reston was an agent of MI-6 and an ally to Denis Nayland Smith and Shang-Chi.
Karma is one of the first major lesbian characters in a mainstream comic book.
He is based on the being of the same name from Norse mythology.
Huntsman, also known as Weapon XII, is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Preview first appeared in New X-Men: Academy X #12.
Owlman is a supervillain that appears in comic books published by DC Comics and is the intended evil counterpart of Batman.
The character first appears in The Sentry #1 and was created by Paul Jenkins and Jae Lee, with uncredited conceptual contributions by Rick Veitch.
Northstar is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The largest falcon is the gyrfalcon at up to 65 cm in length.
The character is a member of the Marvel/Shazam Family of heroes associated with the superhero Shazam/Captain Marvel.
Ace the Bat-Hound is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as the canine crime-fighting partner of Batman and Robin.
A planned revival series by comic creator Richard Dominguez was later scrapped as he was unable to gain the consent of the surviving Garza family.
Other artists associated with the character includes Al Avison, Arthur Cazeneuve, and the possibly pseudonymous Peter Jay, who introduced a new costume in Speed Comics #12.
Judge Grice was a fictional character in the Judge Dredd comic strip in 2000 AD.
The Fantom was seldom displayed with overt powers, but demonstrated the ability to tamper with people's memories and displayed incredible strength in his initial appearance.
Seamus Mellencamp is a reptilian fictional character in Marvel Comics comic book Uncanny X-Men.
Created by writer Jay Faerber and artist Mahmud A. Asrar, Slingshot first appeared in Dynamo 5 #1.
She has socialist leanings and is ethnically Jewish but spiritually agnostic.
Black Condor is the super hero name used by three different fictional characters, in the DC Comics universe.
Thorn is a fictional character in DC Comics, a superhero who suffers from multiple personalities.
Skurge fell in love with the Enchantress and was frequently used in schemes by her and the trickster god Loki.
As a result of winning the show, his character was made the subject of a Dark Horse Comics comic book written by Stan Lee.
Blue Devil is a fictional character, a superhero featured in material published by DC Comics.
Gert is known for her sarcastic one-liners, glasses, and purple-dyed hair.
Silk is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Flash Comics #64: "The Man with the Magic Monocles".
He first appeared in Green Lantern #11 in part two of the story entitled "Revenge of the Green Lanterns".
Vulcan is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Though able to revert to his human form, he suffers occasional fits of his alter ego breaking free.
1 #179, and was created by Denny O'Neil and Mike Sekowsky.
After the experiments, he rebels against his masters and takes control of AIM.
The character is based in part on the Fawcett Comics character Bulletgirl.
Faiza was created by writer Paul Cornell, first penciled by Leonard Kirk.
Fatale is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Swamp Thing #15,, and was created by David Michelinie and Nestor Redondo.
Thara Ak-Var's name is a reference to Ak-Var, who was the second pre-Crisis Flamebird, and his wife, Thara.
Created by writer Dan Jurgens and artist John Romita, Jr., she first appeared in Thor "Tears of the Gods" Vol.
She lives in the 30th and 31st centuries, and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Allen has appeared in various adaptations in other media.
In July 2011, a new ongoing Avengelyne series debuted at Image Comics under the creative team of Mark Poulton and Owen Gieni.
Jessica Henwick portrays the Marvel Cinematic Universe version of the character in Netflix's Iron Fist.
Echo is a name that has been used by a number of different characters in works published by DC Comics.
The first appeared in Brave and the Bold #59.
Joanna Cargill, also known as Frenzy, is a fictional character, a mutant superhuman appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
From there he sees all evil in the world and races to destroy it instantly!
Ambush Bug is a fictional character who has appeared in several comic books published by DC Comics.
Created by writer Greg Pak and aritst Ron Garney, he first appeared in Skaar: Son of Hulk #2.
Bobo is a Swedish comic strip, created by Lars Mortimer, published periodically between 1978-1990.
Kevin Sydney is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is the father of Peter Parker's best friend Harry Osborn.
Eva Kant  is a fictional character in the Italian comics series starring the anti-hero Diabolik.
The storyline drastically altered the character's presentation, prompting a series of responses by Nicieza to concerned readers.
In 1998 the Creech character appeared in a line of Spawn action figures.
Captain Carrot is a funny animal superhero published by DC Comics.
In Zero Hour: Crisis in Time #1, writer James Robinson and artist Tony Harris introduced Jack Knight, the son of the first Starman.
The character was originally created as a way to diversify the show's X-Men roster.
Hijitus lives inside a giant pipe in the outskirts of town with his dog Pichichus.
He is a mutant and sometimes acts as a supervillain.
Blok is a fictional character, a superhero in the 30th century of the DC Comics universe.
His is one of the central characters and has led Jim Lee's superhero team WildC.A.T.s.
The character was portrayed by actor Gérard Depardieu in every Asterix live-action movie.
Iron Lad recruited him to the Young Avengers, the team on which Hulkling also serves.
Khan's wife Heggra later died by the machinations of their son Uxas, known more prominently by the name Darkseid, who took control of Apokolips himself.
Starman is a name used by several different DC Comics superheroes, most prominently Ted Knight and his sons David and Jack.
He is the third Summers brother to be revealed, the younger brother of X-Men characters Cyclops and Havok.
Nightwing is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
The character is based loosely on the legendary Christian king Prester John.
Alyssa works as a scientist, and has a genius-level intellect nearly equal to that of Reed.
Knightfall is a fictional DC Comics character, an enemy of Batgirl.
She is a young African-American female who first appeared in Young X-Men #8 and was created by Marc Guggenheim and Rafa Sandoval.
McAvoy will reprise his role in X-Men: Dark Phoenix.
He exists in Marvel's main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.
Timber Wolf is a fictional character, a superhero in the 30th and 31st centuries of the DC Comics Universe and member of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
In the adventure Secret of the Unicorn he and Tintin travel to find a pirate's treasure captured by his ancestor, Sir Francis Haddock.
As Batman, Dick moves to Gotham City following his mentor's apparent death and partners with the fifth Robin, Damian Wayne.
The Red King is a fictional supervillain published by DC Comics.
Superboy is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Plague is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character was later revived by writer Alan Moore for America's Best Comics.
He is the Superman of the 853rd century.
Amara, a mutant with the ability to generate lava, joins the New Mutants and becomes Magma.
El Observador's true identity and origins are currently unknown.
Flipside is a fictional android appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Iron Munro, real name Arn Munro, is a superhero character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
However, his mental conditioning was botched, causing Khn'nr's personality to be erased and leaving the Mar-Vell persona dominant.
Lockjaw is a fictional character, a bulldog-like being appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
5, #3–6 is inspired by the original Satan Girl story, with black kryptonite producing a duplicate "Dark Supergirl".
Namor the Sub-Mariner is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
A series “reboot” was announced/advertised in issue #40 of World War 3 Illustrated, to resume the series in late 2010.
Superman's love interest is generally Lois Lane, and his archenemy is the supervillain Lex Luthor.
Mister Jip is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Punisher is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Bloodsport is the name of three DC Comics mercenary villains, they are enemies of Superman.
Crippler is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Checkmate Volume 2 #1, and was created by Greg Rucka and Jesus Saiz.
Sir Percy of Scandia, also known as the original Black Knight, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Along with knowing many powerful spells, he has a costume with two mystical objects—the Cloak of Levitation and Eye of Agamotto—which give him added powers.
Callisto appears in the 2006 film, X-Men: The Last Stand, where she is played by actress Dania Ramirez.
She first appeared in Marvel Fanfare vol.
He is a former member of the superhero team Alpha Flight.
A number of Jane's alters are named after Sylvia Plath poems.
In 2006, Abraham Whistler appeared in the television show Blade: The Series.
He is occasionally referred to as a fishman, or merman.
Jackie Jokers is a supporting character of the Richie Rich comic book franchise from Harvey Comics.
With the aid of Captain America they managed to defeat the Viper.
The four of them were aged and given unique abilities by the scientists, who hoped to use them as a new group of perfect humans.
The character was created by writer Warren Ellis and artist Bryan Hitch.
His first appearance was in New Mutants Annual #7.
Doc used fewer gadgets and standard detective tropes.
After capturing him Ming reveals the only reason the Earth is being destroyed is because Zarkov recognised the catastrophes as a deliberate attack.
Dirk Anger is a satirical Marvel Comics character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is also an enemy of Annihilus, another Fantastic Four villain.
He first appeared in The Heckler #1, an ongoing series that lasted six issues, ending with The Heckler #6.
Nuidis Vulko is a fictional DC Comics character and one of the most frequently recurring members of the Aquaman supporting cast.
The character first appeared in Marvel Spotlight #32, and 50 issues of an ongoing series titled Spider-Woman followed.
Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in Tales of Suspense #75, 1966.
She first appeared in Fantastic Four #186.
He is the son of the Kingpin and his wife Vanessa Fisk.
From a social policy and philosophical perspective, Xavier deeply resents the violent methods of those like his former close friend and occasional enemy, the supervillain Magneto.
He first appeared in Top-Notch Comics #8.
Throughout its history, DC Comics has introduced many characters, including numerous minor characters.
Phat is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Choice was moved to Brazil to be reconditioned, but escaped.
Damien Darkblood was derived from Rorschach from DC Comics' Watchmen.
Puck is the codename of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He has been voiced by actors such as Tahmoh Penikett, Nathan Fillion, and George Newbern, among others in various Wonder Woman and Justice League productions.
Wolverine is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, mostly in association with the X-Men.
While working for the government the team confronts both the X-Men and the Avengers.
Damien also has similar mannerisms to Rorschach, often using the interjection "Hurm", much like the latter does.
The second was a time-traveler from an alternate future who appeared in Team Titans.
The character is unique in her affiliation with all three of these groups.
He was created by Chris Claremont and Bill Sienkiewicz and first appeared in New Mutants #29.
She was formerly married to Deadpool, but has recently divorced him, marrying Dracula instead.
Little Orphan Annie was a daily American comic strip created by Harold Gray and syndicated by the Tribune Media Services.
Lash Lightning is a fictional superhero character who first appeared in Sure-Fire Comics #1 from Ace Comics.
Waverider is a fictional superhero in the DC Comics universe, a time traveler who was merged with the time stream.
He was created by Bernie Wrightson, Christopher Golden, and Thomas E. Sniegoski, and first appeared in The Punisher Vol.
Despite his name, Robotman is not a robot; he is a cyborg.
Originally named the "Bat-Man", the character is also referred to by such epithets as the Caped Crusader, the Dark Knight, and the World's Greatest Detective.
Ninjak comics have been translated into a number of languages including German, Italian, Spanish, Norwegian, Filipino, and Chinese among others.
The actual Samurai made his first appearance in the comics several years later during the Brightest Day event.
The second appeared under the Vertigo Comics imprint in a spin-off of The Sandman in 2002.
He is the director of Arkham Asylum, and he is the nephew of Amadeus Arkham, the Asylum's founder.
Brynocki is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She was later retconned as Peggy's great-niece because of the unaging nature of comic book characters.
Morbius went on to become a heroic, tragically flawed protagonist in his own series and other titles.
Vita-Man is a fictional superhero published by Big Bang Comics.
To the general public, Frost is something of an urban legend.
So the Prankster fights back with bizarre weapons such as laughing gas, a jet-powered hot-air balloon, and a magic flute.
Bloodshed is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character first appeared in Ultimates #10 and was created by writer Mark Millar and artist Bryan Hitch.
Seraph is a DC Comics superhero from Israel.
The character is also very popular in the Netherlands, according to creator Marc Sleen.
It is situated in the central and eastern part of the Peloponnese peninsula.
The animated series X-Men: Evolution portrays him as Lance Alvers, a misguided mutant teenager and one time romantic love interest of the X-Men's Shadowcat.
The character struggled with a dissociative identity disorder for years leading to two distinctive personalities, the quiet, religious Jeanne-Marie and the outgoing, heroic, uninhibited Aurora.
The Tally Man is the name of two fictional characters in the DC Universe.
Moon Girl is a fictional character published by EC Comics.
Morgan Stark is a Marvel Comics character.
The character is based on Doctor Doom, created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby.
The comic book was first published in 1969.
Myriad is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics.
The character was a one-time supervillain foe of the X-Men.
His first DC Comics appearance was in Richard Dragon Kung Fu Fighter #1.
Ditko has been quoted as saying that his creation, The Question, is a comics-code acceptable version of Mr. A.
Holiday or the Holiday Killer is a fictional character appearing in the Batman story The Long Halloween by writer Jeph Loeb and artist Tim Sale.
In the title X-Men 2099, he was the founder, leader, and enemy of the team of X-Men who was always haunted by his past.
The Green Turtle is a fictional character, a superhero published by Blazing Comics.
She originally appeared in comic books published by Nedor Comics, and was later revived by AC Comics, America's Best Comics, and Dynamite Entertainment.
She is a powerful, red haired, amazon-like warrior, or Femizon, from a matriarchal, technologically advanced future timeline where men have been subjugated by women.
She appeared for a time as a teacher at Xavier's Academy in New X-Men.
The character has been featured in various media adaptations, such as feature films, television series and video games.
Lady Demon is Lady Death's much darker and evolved form.
Acclaim then rebooted the Archer & Armstrong characters to make them more easily adaptable to video games.
Jubilee is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, most commonly in association with the X-Men.
Created by Jack Kirby, he first appeared in Mister Miracle #15 August.
The character first appeared in New Gods volume 1 #7, and was created by Jack Kirby.
The Crimson Cowl is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Berzerker has also appeared in two X-Men animated series, both times in minor recurring roles.
They are opinionated and talk loudly and ignorantly about various subjects, "proving" their intelligence by listing the grades they got in their A-levels.
His first appearance as a New Warrior was in New Warriors #62.
She is the younger sister of Captain Cold and an enemy of The Flash.
She is a member of X-Factor, X.S.E., and X.U.E.
Both are in the public domain with some of the original stories having been reprinted by AC Comics.
Otomo is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
The Ratcatcher is a fictional character, a supervillain in the DC Comics universe, primarily as an enemy of Batman.
Isaac "Zak" Silver is a supporting character in the independent comic El Muerto: The Aztec Zombie created by Javier Hernandez.
Steppenwolf is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Belyllioth is a fictional demon published by DC Comics.
Cubitus is known as Dommel in Flanders and the Netherlands, Muppelo or Pom Pom in Finland, Teodoro in Italy and Доммель in Russia.
The character is based on the Anglo-Saxon mythic hero Beowulf, first depicted in the Nowell Codex.
The original first appeared in Justice League of America #153, he was created by Gerry Conway and George Tuska.
David later reintroduced Justice as a supporting character in Spider-Man 2099, a series with a very different setting.
Anole is a fictional mutant superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character has been revived by various publishers over the years, including AC Comics, Eclipse Comics, America's Best Comics, and Dynamite Entertainment.
Solomon O'Sullivan is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
The first Superman character was created by writer Roger Stern, and first appeared in Action Comics Annual #2.
Miraclewoman is a fictional superheroine appearing in the Eclipse Comics comic book Miracleman.
This makes flying easier while learning the exceptional skills required to be effective hunters as adults.
Originally calling themselves the Five-in-One, with the deaths of Esme and Sophie the remaining sisters are now known as the Three-in-One.
Left-Winger is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
He later mentored his niece Natasha who became a superheroine herself.
Chtylok the Che-K'n Kau is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Dr. Gregory Herd is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
I Ching is a fictional, blind martial artist published by DC Comics.
The Sentry is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Cassandra "Cassie" Sandsmark, also known as Wonder Girl, is a fictional superheroine appearing in DC Comics.
Carapax is featured as the archenemy of Blue Beetle.
Gadot also starred in the character's first solo live-action film Wonder Woman, which was released on June 2, 2017.
Gunfire is a fictional DC Comics superhero and freelance anti-terrorist operative.
Genocide is a fictional character owned by DC Comics.
Kal Kent is a superhero who appears in the DC Comics, created by Grant Morrison.
Yolanda Montez is a fictional superheroine in DC Comics' shared universe, the DC universe.
Chief Judge Hilda Margaret McGruder is a fictional character in the Judge Dredd stories published in the British comic 2000 AD.
The character appeared beginning with the company's 1940s iteration as Timely Comics during the period fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books.
The character was created by writer Scott Lobdell and artist Brandon Peterson.
Silver Banshee is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, primarily as an opponent of Superman.
Created by Rob Liefeld, he first appeared in Youngblood #2.
Cordelia Frost is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Saturn Queen is a fictional comic book character owned by DC Comics.
According to an Infinity, Inc. letter page, Obsidian was named "Todd" after a friend of Thomas.
Her first appearance was the first The Power of Shazam!
The Supreme Squadron members exist in numerous alternate universes, but their main and original timeline is Earth-712.
Patricia "Patty" Spivot is a fictional character who appears in various DC Comics publication and was created by writer Cary Bates and artist Irv Novick.
As if to compensate, Maria grew taller and stronger than any other man in her village.
A British mutant, Jono possessed the ability to cast energy blasts from his chest.
An original character from Milestone Comics, he first appeared in Hardware #11, and was created by Dwayne McDuffie, Robert L. Washington III, and Denys Cowan.
The Phoenix Force is famous for its central role in The Dark Phoenix Saga storyline, and is frequently linked to Jean Grey.
Robin Lord Taylor currently portrays a young Penguin in the television series Gotham.
The first Tempus is an enormous humanoid who dwells in Limbo and serves Immortus.
The character has been depicted as a freedom fighter in several post-apocalyptic alternate futures.
During the Marvel Civil War the BAD Girls, Inc. sided with Captain America's forces.
The Knight is the name of three fictional comic book superheroes who are properties of DC Comics.
She debuted in Infinity, Inc. #34, and was created by Len Wein, Randy Lofficier and Ross Andru.
The series starred Sam Slade, a laconic, ageing, cigar-smoking bounty hunter of robots that have gone renegade.
Such stories do not narrate real battles or exploits of noteworthy military people, being instead tragic stories of unknown soldiers, made up by the author.
Robot, designed by Lex Luthor for use by the United States military, was introduced in Batman Confidential #4, by Andy Diggle and Whilce Portacio.
The first of three parts of the Zaturnnah sequel was eventually published and released on January 25, 2012.
Lance O'Casey is a fictional character who had his own strip in Fawcett Comics' Whiz Comics.
He is Counter-Earth's version of Mister Fantastic.
The political and social issues are predominantly discussed in the series produced in the later period.
He has been a member of the Brotherhood of Mutants and Freedom Force.
Robot is a fictional superhero appearing in the comic book Invincible, which is published by Image Comics.
The characters appear in the Marvel Universe, one villain, and two heroes.
He is a foe of the Fantastic Four.
Fever Pitch is a fictional villain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Ardina is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
It was originally released by Slave Labor in 1988.
Charlie-27 first appeared in Marvel Super-Heroes #18.
Karnilla is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Some Christian leaders regarded the characters as blasphemous because they resembled angels.
2 #7 and was a member of the student body of the Xavier Institute and the Hellions squad therein.
Created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist Gene Colan, and introduced in Captain America #117, the character is mainstream comics' first African-American superhero.
Nightwing the comic book, which focuses on Grayson, has long been a top-selling DC book.
He would later become a regular foe of Spider-Man, often as he worked as a henchman for various criminal organizations.
Garth is a fictional character in publications from DC Comics, originally known as Aqualad, and later known by the codename Tempest.
In the 1980s, the Rook became popular and gained his own comic magazine title of the same name, The Rook Magazine.
He first appeared in DC Special #28.
Professor Andre Thorton is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
His first "solo" appearance was in Epic Illustrated #15.
TV series, which is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
He is usually depicted as an enemy of the X-Men.
Alchemy is a fictional British mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
1, #89 on a single page, but his story wasn't continued until X-Factor vol.
Thrud the Barbarian is a comics character created by Carl Critchlow in 1981.
It was directed by Gerardo 'Gerry' De Leon.
Puff Adder is fictional character, a mutant supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
When she was caught in the Total War bombing of Sector 2, Dredd acted to save her first instead of being impartial.
Hood is a fictional character, a supervillain, and a crime boss appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In 2009, the Abomination was ranked as IGN's 54th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
His first appearance was in The Avengers Vol.1 #19 and was created by Stan Lee and Don Heck.
Thunderclap is a fictional superhero created by Marvel UK a division of Marvel Comics.
In 2009, Omega Red was ranked as IGN's 95th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
She first appeared in Adventures of Superman Annual #5,, and was created by Karl Kesel, Tom Grummett and Ed Hannigan.
He also had an action figure in the Super Powers Collection line produced by Kenner.
She made progress controlling her powers and learning a moral code, but eventually fell in with the paramilitary group Weapon X.
A psychopathic killer, she fought with Daredevil in his side of New York City.
He becomes the fiery villain Shadrac in The Amazing Spider-Man vol.
Faora is the name of several fictional female supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Superman.
Created by Mike Mignola, John Arcudi and Guy Davis, Ben Daimo first appeared in B.P.R.D.
Null, also called Null the Living Darkness, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was the original sidekick for Alan Scott, appearing in comic book stories starring that hero from 1941 to 1949.
Dawnstar became her partner under the alias of "Bounty."
The Galaxy Master is a monstrous but intelligent bio-mechanical cosmic entity created by extra-dimensional beings.
and as an intermediary between the U.S. government or the United Nations and various superheroes.
It grew to adulthood, and became strong.
In the interim, he was kept alive with sporadic appearances in solo runs and guest shots.
Noh-Varr is a fictional superhero appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Deadline is a fictional villain in the DC Comics universe.
As a Skrull, he normally takes the shape of John Lennon.
She is X-23's greatest foe to date, someone she was never able to defeat, in many ways echoing Wolverine's relationship with Sabretooth.
He first appeared in Adventure Comics, and was created by France Herron and George Papp.
Harvey Bullock is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman.
Shrinking Violet, also known as Atom Girl, is a fictional character, a superhero and Legion of Super-Heroes member in the DC Universe's 30th and 31st centuries.
Created by Jim Shooter, the character first appeared in Adventure Comics #352.
Most notable as the leader of the League of Assassins, Ra's al Ghul's name in Arabic translates to "The Ghoul's Head".
Mongoose is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Erg is a fictional mutant character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Mysto, Magician Detective is a fictional character in the DC Universe.
He debuted in Little Dot #1, cover-dated September 1953, and was created by Alfred Harvey and Warren Kremer.
Although it had been initially created by Aabid Surti a few years earlier, it was finally offered to Indrajal Comics.
Daniel "Terrible" Turpin is a character published by DC Comics.
Drax the Destroyer is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Anthro is a fictional character published by DC Comics, presented as the "first boy", a Cro-Magnon born to Neanderthal parents.
Squire is the name of three fictional characters, they are comic book superheroes published by DC Comics.
He was also a member of StormWatch.
He later became a recurring foe of the All-Star Squadron and the Justice Society of America, beginning in All-Star Squadron Annual #3.
He is an enemy of Wolverine and had a hand in his origin.
Dream later recreates him with "some changes", though the exact nature of these changes is not explicit.
Doctor Strange serves as the Sorcerer Supreme, the primary protector of Earth against magical and mystical threats.
Ra's al Ghul is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman.
She first appeared in Razor Annual #1 and has appeared in numerous books by various publishers ever since, most notably the publisher Crusade Comics.
Eviless is a DC Comics supervillain, primarily known as an enemy of Wonder Woman.
Computer Warrior was a comic strip series that debuted in Eagle on 13 April 1985 and ran for another nine years.
Zero is the name of several characters in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Doctor Bong is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Faust possesses magical powers of an unclear nature.
The character is known for appearing in Sgt.
The late 1960s Batman television series used a camp aesthetic, which continued to be associated with the character for years after the show ended.
Demonic Toys is an American film produced by Charles Band's Full Moon Entertainment and released in 1992.
Chester Cheese is a superhero who lives on the otherdimensional world of Earth-C, an alternate Earth populated by sentient animals.
In 2008, Wizard Magazine also ranked Cyclops the 106th in their list of the 200 Greatest Comic Book Characters of All Time.
Barbara Gordon is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman.
Jenkins, as the Beetle, made his debut in Strange Tales #123, created by writer Stan Lee artist Carl Burgos.
Talisman is a superhero featured in the publications of Marvel Comics.
Vienna returned to the comic in prog 1300.
Ka-Zar is the name of two jungle-dwelling fictional comic book characters published in the United States.
An Afro-Hispanic teenager, Miles is the second Spider-Man to appear in Ultimate Marvel, an imprint with a separate continuity from the mainstream Marvel Universe.
Within the fictional DC Universe, Harper Row officially joins Batman's group of allies during the events of Batman Eternal, a year-long weekly maxiseries.
Lock-Up is a DC Comics supervillain and an enemy of Batman.
He was first speculated, and later confirmed that he had diagnosed himself to be on the autistic spectrum.
Judge Giant can refer to either of two fictional characters appearing in the Judge Dredd comic strip in 2000 AD.
The Black Pirate is a fictional character from DC Comics, created by Sheldon Moldoff.
He first appeared in Journey into Mystery #114, cover dated March 1965, created by writer Stan Lee and writer/artist Jack Kirby.
On the television, the iconic mermaid is portrayed by Marian Rivera and Anne Curtis.
She often appears with her canine companion, Lockjaw.
Cyclops is a member of a subspecies of humans known as mutants, who are born with superhuman abilities.
He led the first incarnation of Big Hero 6, Japan's first superhero team.
Mister M wears a black suit and hat, and has the power to manipulate energy and matter.
Circe first appeared as a ravishing blonde in 1949 in Wonder Woman, vol.
He is a recurring foe of the Flash with considerable technical expertise and skills involving the use of mirrors.
Wanting to help those less fortunate than herself, she studied to become a lawyer, eventually graduating from Harvard Law.
She is a cat burglar created as a villain and rival to Catwoman.
He is a young mutant who first appeared in X-Men Unlimited #8.
Master Pandemonium is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
A close ally of Batman and Wonder Woman, he is typically depicted as a member of the Justice League.
The book was based on characters created by Jim Shooter.
Created in 1990 by John Wagner and Steve Dillon, Grice later had his own spin-off series, Purgatory by Mark Millar and Carlos Ezquerra.
Created by writer Stan Lee and Steve Ditko, the character first appears in The Amazing Spider-Man #8 and has made few subsequent appearances since.
Another inspiration was the early illusionist career of comic book artist Jim Steranko.
Lester Dent wrote most of the stories, with fill-ins by Harold A. Davis, Alan Hathway, and William Bogart that were overseen or rewritten by Dent.
The animal reasons like humans, smokes cigarettes, drinks tequila and also dreams at night.
Swift first appeared in Stormwatch #28 and was created by Jeff Mariotte and Ron Lim.
These characters take their name from the Greek personification of Time and have the ability to time travel.
Exciting covers were painted in bold colors by Walter M. Baumhofer.
Neptune, also called Poseidon, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Gambler is the name of two fictional supervillains in the DC Universe.
For nearly two decades she regularly appeared as Dredd's junior colleague, before being promoted to become his superior in 1999.
The Black Marvel is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The first MVP clone appeared in the following issue of the New Warriors series.
Beryl Hutchinson debuted as the Squire in JLA #26, and was created by Grant Morrison and Howard Porter.
Electron is a warrior serving in the Royal Elite of the Shi'ar Imperial Guard.
Jeffrey Garrett is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Her first full appearance was in Captain Victory and the Galactic Rangers #3, published by Pacific Comics.
Zuma also appeared in the 2013 series, Galema: Anak ni Zuma.
The High is a fictional character, a superhero in the Wildstorm Universe.
In time, Hellboy grew to be a large, red-skinned man with a tail, horns, cloven hooves for feet, and an oversized right hand made of stone.
Betraying Galactus, the Surfer saved Earth but was exiled there as punishment.
The character first appeared in a one-page cameo in X-Force vol.
With the assistance of Garganta, Tara has grown to master her size-changing powers, although for unexplained reasons cannot be any shorter than eight feet tall.
The character is depicted as a normal civilian who comes across a ring that grants him the ability to alter reality.
She first appears in Marvel's Bloodstone mini-series of 2001 written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning.
Dybbuk is a fictional character from DC Comics.
The first version of the character, Matthew Ryder, first appeared in Armageddon 2001 #1.
Not suited for teamwork, Sunfire was only briefly a member of the X-Men and has kept limited ties to the team since.
The character has appeared in other Marvel-endorsed products, including animated television series, arcade, and video games.
The Grasshoppers are a simultaneous homage to and satire of stereotypical superheroes and Marvel's tendency towards animal-themed characters.
The character is a founding member of the Fantastic Four and was the first female superhero created by Marvel during the Silver Age of Comics.
This was followed by a new comic book series which ran twelve issues.
Inspector William Henderson is a supporting character in Superman comics published by DC Comics.
Fabian Cortez is a fictional mutant supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The original version of the character first appeared in Adventure Comics #428.
Opal Luna Saturnyne is the name of a fictional comic book character created by Dave Thorpe and Alan Davis for their Captain Britain stories.
Eternity is a fictional cosmic entity appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
However, despite his rule-breaking persona, Chase is fiercely loyal to his friends and remains a valued member of the team.
His henchmen include T & A, and Blok.
Crazy Jane is a fictional character created by Grant Morrison and Richard Case for their work on the Vertigo Comics version of the Doom Patrol.
Kyle Rayner is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Like many other Full Moon releases, Demonic Toys never had a theatrical release and went straight-to-video in 1992.
During the Siege storyline Ares is killed by Sentry as he is literally torn apart.
She retained her powers after M-Day and is a member of the X-Men's training squad.
The character is a serial killer who kills members of Gotham City's mobsters and corrupt officials on major holidays.
Torgo is a fictional character, an alien robot appearing in the Marvel Comics universe.
The Rhino is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In most depictions, he is a mutant, a human born with innate superhuman powers.
The only other inhabitants of her realm are her pet rats.
One is a super-villain that was an occasional antagonist of Spider-Man, and the other a superhero.
Jason Stryker is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Later, two animated shows featuring this character, as well as a Sega Genesis video game and a variety of other merchandise followed.
Ellen is the daughter of Police Commissioner Eustace Dolan.
J2 is a member of the future incarnation of the Avengers, A-Next.
She was created by Roy Thomas, Dannette Thomas and Don Newton.
The character has been depicted as an adversary of the X-Men.
La Lunatica is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
At one point he was able to defeat Galactus by tricking him.
Philip Benjamin "Phil" Urich is a fictional superhero character created by Marvel Comics.
His first appearance was in Genetix #1.
A minor patriotic hero, he has occasionally appeared alongside Captain America and has been a member of the Guardians of the Galaxy.
However, the Scarlet Spiders became the first clones to appear outside The Initiative when they appeared in New Warriors vol.
He is based on the legendary monster of the same name.
Tinkerer is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Tremor is a fictional character from the comic book series, Spawn.
She first appears in Doom Patrol #19.
The character is a supervillain who has fought the Batman and Robin several times in Gotham City.
A dark secret held by the elder Gods of Olympus, the First Born was in fact the very first born child of Zeus and Hera.
The character was originally based in Gotham City, leading to numerous team-ups with Batman.
All memories of her experiences with the U-Mind have now been blocked after she was mindwiped.
Quex-Ul is a fictional character appearing in DC Comics' Superman titles.
Created by writers Stan Lee and Larry Lieber, and artist Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in Journey into Mystery #84.
Sylvester first appeared in Action Comics #40 and was created by Jerry Siegel and Hal Sherman.
She is a foe of the X-Men, especially Wolverine.
Micromax was created by Alan Davis and first appeared in Excalibur vol.
Hal Jordan is a reinvention of a previous character called Green Lantern that had appeared in 1940s comic books as the character Alan Scott.
The first Titania was a female wrestler and member of The Grapplers who was murdered by the Scourge of the Underworld.
Prince Thun is a fictional character who appeared in various forms of the Flash Gordon comic strip and film productions.
During the 1930s he was used extensively as part of a comedy trio with Mickey and Donald.
Jim Gordon also has a son, James Gordon Jr., who first appeared in Batman: Year One.
Lori Lemaris first appeared in Superman #129 and was created by Bill Finger and Wayne Boring.
The character first appeared in Justice League of America vol.
Leir is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
Uri-On is a fictional comic book superhero created by Israeli-American artist Michael Netzer, in partnership with Jonathan Duitch and Yossi Halpern in 1987.
Jeremiah Arkham is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Nighthawk is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Red Claw is a fictional character, an enemy of Batman, making her debut in Batman: The Animated Series and appearing in three episodes of the show.
Andrew Chord is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
All-American, who has also been called Mr.
3, having all of her father's powers, but retaining a human appearance.
He helped found the Sentinels of Justice with Nightveil, Stardust, Commando D and the Scarlet Scorpion in Captain Paragon and Sentinels of Justice #1.
The Absorbing Man was given his powers by the Asgardian god Loki in a plot to defeat Loki's brother Thor.
Molten Man is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Slash is a fictional character in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comics and all related media.
Delroy Garrett, Jr. is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
General Wade Eiling, sometimes known as The General, is a villain who appears in comics published by DC Comics.
Armando Ochoa, also known as El Graduado, is a fictional character and comic book supervillain created by Richard Dominguez and published by Azteca Productions.
Later interpretations of Thunderstrike would appear in both the MC2 and Heroic Age Marvel Comics storylines, featuring the character's son, Kevin Masterson, as the hero.
Some Black Terror stories were written by Patricia Highsmith before she became an acclaimed novelist.
General Charles de Gaulle "considered Tintin his only international rival".
Non is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Superman.
Kreon is a fictional character featured in comic books published by DC Comics.
Animal-Vegetable-Mineral Man is a fictional supervillain from the DC Universe and a foe of the original Doom Patrol.
He usually appears as a supporting character or sidekick in books featuring The Avengers, or individual members of that group, such as the Hulk or Hercules.
Both were depicted as separate, though parallel, individuals living in their respective universes, with the "older" Earth-Two character eventually reaching his retirement and death.
Her first appearance was in Uncanny X-Men #261.
This article is about the occultist Morning Star.
Prestor Jon is a DC Comics superhero, and brother to Carrie 'Redwing' Levine.
Evo is a comic book character from DC Comics/Wildstorm Comics.
The second and fourth Aries' were African-American.
To that end, she has formed alliances with various super-criminals in order to fulfill her contract.
After the death of Tiberius’ son Drusus Julius Caesar in 23 AD, he became more reclusive and aloof.
The first and main character is Peter Parker, created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko.
Auberon, is a character who appears primarily in DC Comics' adult-oriented Vertigo line.
The Gauntlet, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is also known as the Swami.
He first appeared in Legion of Super-Heroes #33, during the 'Five year gap' where he joined the resistance to Dominator controlled Earthgov.
Created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist and co-plotter Jack Kirby, he made his first appearance in World War II war comics series Sgt.
It first appeared in Adventure Comics #340, in a story written by Jerry Siegel and illustrated by Curt Swan.
He is the son of T'Challa, King of Wakanda and the superhero known as Black Panther.
Marrina Smallwood is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character is most commonly associated with Thor.
Spyne is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Over the years, Madame Masque has appeared in various forms of media, including animated television series and video games.
Magik is the younger sister of the Russian X-Man Colossus.
Ironheart can be described as a rough and gritty hero who will use any means necessary to enforce his brand of justice.
Hal Jordan, one of the characters known as Green Lantern, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Major Disaster is a former DC Comics supervillain and reluctant amoral superhero.
Historians credit his creation variously to writer-artist Bill Everett or to Everett together with Centaur art director Lloyd Jacquet.
Lucky the Pizza Dog is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by Jim Starlin and Jim Aparo, the character first appeared in Batman #417 as an adversary of Batman.
Thomas Logan is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
This has been her only appearance to date.
There have been four different incarnations of the Cheetah since the character's debut: Priscilla Rich, Deborah Domaine, Barbara Ann Minerva, and Sebastian Ballesteros.
Dr. Samuel Register, is a fictional character from the Teen Titans comics.
He is one of the most recurring villains of Alpha Flight.
The Ant is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics.
Created by writer Marv Wolfman and artist Keith Pollard, he first appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man #194.
He is portrayed to be an evil genius specializing in robotics.
The book is a part of Kirkman's overarcing Image Universe, which is anchored by Invincible, but also includes such heroes as Savage Dragon, Shadowhawk and Superpatriot.
The character was introduced in Detective Comics #33 in the first exposition of Batman's origin story.
He first appeared in Silver Age #1 during the Silver Age event.
His first appearance was in Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man #1.
Bethany Cabe is a fictional character, a supporting character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The original series has sold over 20 million copies in paperback form.
Abnett and Lanning have frequently denied that she is a new version of the earlier character.
Donna Troy is a comic book superheroine published by DC Comics.
Voodoo is a fictional comic book superhero, appearing in books published by DC Comics.
He is the father of Daisy Johnson.
Agatha Harkness is a fictional character, a powerful witch in the Marvel Comics universe.
Geomancers are a group of fictional comic book characters that appeared in various titles published by Valiant Comics.
He was created by writer Joss Whedon and artist John Cassaday.
The character is usually depicted as a supervillain and demonic god of evil who is best known as an enemy of Hercules and Thor.
Harm is a fictional supervillain in the DC Comics universe.
Quakemaster is a fictional supervillain in the DC Comics universe.
Howard's adventures are generally social satires, while a few are parodies of genre fiction with a metafictional awareness of the medium.
In 2015, the character succeeded her father in adopting the name and costume of Wolverine in the series All-New Wolverine.
Mazikeen is one of the Lilim, that is, the children of Lilith; she is a comic book character published by DC Comics.
Lady Blackhawk is an alias used by three fictional comic book characters appearing in American comic books.
In the Marvel Universe, he is the head of the Deviant race's priesthood.
The character is commonly associated with the Japanese team known as Big Hero 6.
Akihiro, codename Daken is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
This popular acclaim culminated, however, in a financially and critically unsuccessful ongoing solo series.
As a child, Marrow first appeared in Cable #15 and was created by writer Jeph Loeb and artist David Brewer.
He was first adapted into a Marvel character in Marvel's adapted comic of Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan.
Baron Blood is the name of several fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The 1997 spin-off series, Anarky, was received with positive reviews and sales, and later declared by Grant to be among his "career highlights".
His original creators were Fabian Nicieza and Matt Broome, who had completely different plans for the villain than what evolved.
Witchblade is a comic book series published by Top Cow Productions, an imprint of Image Comics, which ran from November 1995 to October 2015.
He is a member of the Secret Six and the son of the original Rag Doll, Peter Merkel.
The Silver Sorceress is a DC Comics character and member of the Champions of Angor.
She first appeared in Seven Soldiers: Mister Miracle #1, and was created by Grant Morrison and Pasqual Ferry.
However, Uncanny X-Men writer Scott Lobdell and artist Joe Madureira defined her powers and temperament.
For the unrelated character created by AC Comics, see She Cat.
Swords like the Katana and Wakizashi appear without such adornments.
It was literally me saying, ‘I have a villain going spare, can we use her?’"
Over the years he has played a part on several Marvel Comics crossovers such as the original Secret Wars and Fear Itself.
The family circle is rounded out by Daisy the dog.
He and his similar-looking father, Jerry Jokers, are both stand-up comedians.
Crimson Dynamo) is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, most of whom have been supervillains.
He is the de facto leader of the abstract entities collectively known as the Cosmic Powers of the Marvel Universe.
Later stories were set in the 19th-century.
Later adaptations introduced Giganta's size-changing ability, a feature which has been retained to date.
Jay Chou played Kato in the 2011 Green Hornet film.
A female Celtic version of the character is featured in the 2016 film Doctor Strange, played by Tilda Swinton.
Sir Ian McKellen portrayed Magneto in four films of the X-Men film series, while Michael Fassbender portrayed a younger version of the character in three films.
WildStar is a fictional character created by veteran comic book artist Al Gordon, appearing in comic books published by Image Comics.
Edward "Ned" Leeds is a fictional character, a supporting character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Super Chief was one of the named passenger trains and the flagship of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.
The editor Rajani Thindiath described it as a "reluctant superhero" but "has the potential to be the most iconic female superhero characters in Indian comic history."
The character and series was very similar to Will Eisner's The Spirit character.
His first appearance was in Uncanny X-Men #283.
Rex Leech is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe.
Sylvester Deadalus is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Starhawk is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in X-Men: Deadly Genesis #2, and was created by writer Ed Brubaker and artist Pete Woods.
The Impossible Man character is mainly used for comedy, portrayed as a lonely, attention seeking alien that often annoys those around him, especially the Fantastic Four.
Gargoyle is a name shared by two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appears in Detective Comics #20 - thus being DC's first masked hero - and was created by Jim Chambers.
He would later retire the identity in the late '60s, only for it to be adopted by his grandson nearly three decades later.
Judge America Beeny is a fictional character in the Judge Dredd comic strip in 2000 AD and the Judge Dredd Megazine.
6 #16, and was created by Will Pfeifer and Patrick Gleason.
The story is that of Gary Hampton, a CEO who is mauled by a werewolf while on a family vacation.
He later retires from being a criminal.
The character was created by Cary Bates and Curt Swan, and first appeared in Action Comics #471.
Doctor Spectro is a fictional supervillain that appears in comics published by Charlton Comics and DC Comics.
The character was originally created by Stacy Thain for a superhero role-playing game called Champions.
Midnight Sun is a fictional character, a former supervillain in the Marvel Comics universe.
Chesty Sanchez, is a fictional character and comic book superheroine created by Steve Ross.
In issue #25 of the series, the character, whose powers had been erased in the previous issue, obtained different powers.
He first appeared in Eternals #1, October, and was created by Peter B. Gillis and Sal Buscema.
Spartan is a fictional character in the American comic Wildstorm universe.
He then follows Asterix and Obelix all around Gaul, appearing in nearly every panel of the story until the end.
Death Metal is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The second is a demon sorceress who is known as the "Mother of All Demons".
The character first appeared in Generation Hope #1, in the final chapter of the "Five Lights" storyline, and the first storyline of the Generation Hope book.
They have since appeared in other media, including animated series such as Justice League Unlimited and Teen Titans Go!, and the live-action TV series Smallville.
He is best known for being the evil brother of Lilandra and Cal'syee, two important characters in the X-Men franchise.
The character first appeared in Comics' Greatest World: Golden City Week 1, created by Barbara Kesel and the other members of Team CGW.
Sarnak first appeared in Werewolf by Night #9.
Streaky the Supercat is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by DC Comics.
Crule is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jor-El is a fictional character appearing in titles published by DC Comics.
The first Ray was Lanford "Happy" Terrill, a Quality Comics character.
The character was created by Chris Claremont for the second installment of the series Excalibur.
Forager is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics.
The character was portrayed by Will Smith in the 2016 film Suicide Squad and Michael Rowe in the Arrowverse.
An associate of the Marvel Family of superheroes, Thunder, is a far-future recipient of the power of Shazam.
Meena is a fictional character who stars in the South Asian children's television show Meena.
Dragon is a thief who was trained in martial arts and decides to use his abilities for good.
Sam and Twitch were originally featured in McFarlane's hit comic series Spawn.
Libra is the name of different fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
But due to publishing lag time, the character saw print first in the Superman daily comic strip by writer Whitney Ellsworth and artist Wayne Boring.
Virgo is the name of several fictional characters in Marvel Comics.
The Tenth Muse is an independent superhero comic book series about a modern-day daughter of the Greek god Zeus.
Developed for Harvey's short-lived superhero line, Harvey Thriller, Jigsaw was the disconnectable "Man of a Thousand Parts".
She is a teenage street-rat from London, England with a fierce temper who curses constantly.
Cat-Man and Kitten are a pair of fictional superhero characters created by artists Irwin Hasen and Charles M. Quinlan with unknown writers.
He was created by sisters Angela and Luciana Giussani in 1962.
She was created by Jim Lee and Brandon Choi as a member of Stormwatch.
He became a member of the Avengers West Coast and served with them during Operation: Galactic Storm.
Diamond Lil is a fictional mutant character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jubilee is a member of the human subspecies known as mutants, born with superhuman abilities.
Production was expected to begin in the middle of the year 2010.
Bishop made frequent appearances in the X-Men animated series of the 1990s.
Lady Death then reappeared in the Evil Ernie: The Resurrection miniseries published by Pulido under his now defunct company Chaos!
Knockout is a fictional character, a supervillainess in the DC Comics universe.
He would become a recurring enemy of Iron Man and plays a key role in the end of the "Iron Man: The Inevitable" mini series.
The character was created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko.
Nuke's most distinguishing feature is an American Flag tattooed on his face.
Meena educates the children of South Asia on issues of gender, health, and social inequality through her stories in comic books, animated films, and radio series.
He is the father of Matt Murdock known as the superhero Daredevil and the ex-husband of Maggie Murdock.
The quick flashbacks during his memory wipe scene revealed some further information about his past.
He first appeared in the uncirculated Motion Picture Funnies Weekly #1 in 1939.
Other sources of names are song titles by R.E.M., Incredible String Band, The Jam and Siouxsie and the Banshees.
Garokk is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She first appeared in Incredible Hulk vol.
Anger is a thinly veiled, over-the-top parody of Nick Fury.
Thun is the first of Flash's allies on Mongo, and the most loyal and steadfast.
He is widely regarded as Spider-Man's archenemy, being responsible for numerous tragedies in Peter Parker's life.
She made her first appearance in Giant-Size Man-Thing #5.
Created by Daniel Way and Steve Dillon, he was first introduced in Supreme Power: Nighthawk.
1, issue #37, written by Robert Kanigher and illustrated by Harry G. Peter.
A parody of the superhero genre, Megaton Man is a gigantically-muscled but dim-witted oaf who starred in Simpson's cheerfully absurd stories.
He was created by Richard E. Hughes and Ogden Whitney.
The character was co-created by Dennis O'Neil and Ric Estrada, and first appeared in Richard Dragon, Kung Fu Fighter.
Silver Fox is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe created by Chris Claremont and John Buscema.
Woo has since appeared occasionally in a variety of Marvel publications.
He had limited control of his power and destroyed much of his chest and lower face when his powers emerged.
God's name is written on every atom of creation by Michael's power and Samael's will: this forms a central part of the series later on.
The Dragon is a large, finned, green-skinned humanoid whose powers include super-strength and an advanced healing factor.
Wonder Woman has also regularly appeared in comic books featuring the superhero teams Justice Society and Justice League.
Christian Cord codenamed Radian and later Phaser is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe.
In 2013, ComicsAlliance ranked Sodam Yat as #32 on their list of the "50 Sexiest Male Characters in Comics".
In the comics, Helena Wayne assumes the Huntress identity.
Instead, the blasts permanently bonded the suit to Cassidy.
She is the older sister of the Teen Titans member Starfire and Omega Men member Ryand'r.
Brainwave is a name shared by two characters in the DC Comics Universe, who are father and son.
The voice for this character was provided by Benny Rubin.
The stories were written by Steve Moore and most of them were illustrated by Art Adams.
Lord Chaos is a fictional superhero in DC Comics publications.
For nearly two centuries a collection of books, songs, riddles and folktales have developed around him.
He reappears in the non-canonical The Amazing Spider-Man 2 video game.
Scramble, also known as Scramble the Mixed-Up Man, was a Marvel Comics supervillain and Canadian mutant.
Both villains were members of the super-villain team Villainy Inc. and have appeared as major recurring enemies for Wonder Woman.
He is always quick with a dry comment whenever the boy reporter gets too idealistic.
It depicts the alcohol-dominated lives of two forlorn bakers who attempt to run a small bakery.
He first appeared in 1933 in a radio show conceived either by WXYZ radio station owner George W. Trendle, or by Fran Striker, the show's writer.
Evangeline "Vange" Whedon is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
The character appeared in specials and monthly titles detailing the afterlife of Elisa Cameron and her search for the truth surrounding her death.
The original Hyperion made his debut in The Avengers #69, created by writer Roy Thomas and artist Sal Buscema.
Foxbat is a supervillain associated with the role playing game Champions.
Pyro was later resurrected by the Transmode Virus, existing as a techno-organic being under Selene's control.
He is a very tall, well-muscled humanoid alien with reddish-orange skin, a partially bald head and three brown locks down the center of his head.
The characters are a pastiche of the Golden Age and Silver Age Green Lanterns of DC Comics.
He has the ability to manipulate ice and cold by freezing water vapor around him.
The Snowman first appeared in Batman #337, and was created by Gerry Conway and Roy Thomas.
The second was a superhero having a recurring role in Superman stories, with the remaining two being New 52 versions.
A native of the planet Earth, she is a member of the Science Police, the law enforcement arm of the United Planets.
Universo is the name of a fictional Legion of Super-Heroes supervillain in the 30th and 31st centuries of the DC Comics universe.
The events were part of the "Siege of Darkness" crossover running through the Midnight Sons comic books.
Her father Lord Dark Wind created the adamantium-bonding process that was forced on Wolverine by Weapon X.
She maintained her powers post M-Day and was the leader of the New X-Men.
Caroline "Carol" Ferris is a fictional character appearing in the DC Comics Universe.
Perry White is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
The Eye is a fictional comic book character created by Frank Thomas and published by Centaur Publications.
He first appeared in Mystery in Space #103, pushing out Adam Strange and Space Ranger from that title.
Prime is really a thirteen-year-old boy named Kevin Green with the power to transform into a super-powered adult.
Although he was first introduced as an enemy of Hawkeye and the Avengers, the character has since appeared as both a supervillain and a superhero.
Roy Thomas created the character in 1987 for Young All-Stars.
He is the son of the original Starman, Ted Knight.
Ronan has appeared in various forms of media, including several animated television series and video games.
Tyrannus is an immortal supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Besides being inserted to create diversity, Samurai, in a sense, took the place of Red Tornado with whom he shares similar wind-based abilities.
Originally a five-issue mini-series, the character went on to star in numerous crossover titles with the likes of the Punisher, Vampirella, and Hellboy.
Created by Mort Weisinger and Paul Norris, he first appeared in Adventure Comics #69.
Elizabeth Sherman is a fictional character appearing in the Hellboy comic book series created by Mike Mignola.
This time he scored, burst the net, hit the floodlight post causing the floodlights to collapse onto the pitch.
Winter is a fictional character who is published by Wildstorm Productions.
In addition to permanent superstrength and youth, she developed the same paranoia and narcissism that the Black Commando had.
#38 takes place in the future, where both Damon and Todd are still together and seen at Kate’s son college graduation party.
In 2004, the character lost his flight and energy blasts, and a portion of his strength and resilience.
Both are amongst the best remembered football characters from the "golden age" of British boys' comics.
Beautiful Dreamer's real name and her past prior to joining the Morlocks remain unknown.
Paul Blackthorne portrays a version of the character, named Quentin Larry Lance, in the television series Arrow.
Victor, however, is a cyborg, with human flesh and natural tissue cloned from his human mother which completely conceals his metal parts and circuitry.
The first was created by Len Wein and Joe Phillips and first appeared in Mister Miracle #9.
He first appeared in Captain America Comics #22, and his origin and first appearance were reprinted in full in The Invaders vol.
Her ability to communicate with squirrels is surprisingly effective and has allowed her to defeat major supervillains.
In The Legend of Shikari Shambu, it was revealed that Shambu, before being called "Shikari" Shambu, fell on a tiger and knocked him out.
She is the love interest of almost every Smurf.
Created by writer Chris Claremont and artist/co-writer John Byrne, the character first appeared in Iron Fist #14.
Entropy is a Cosmic Entity in the Marvel Comics Universe who possesses Nigh-Omnipotence.
Aside from Gaia, each member of the family treats him with varying degrees of scorn.
Empath, is a fictional mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character was listed as #33 on Empire Magazine's 50 Greatest Comic Book Characters.
An Apache Native American, Proudstar possesses mutant superhuman strength and speed.
There are two existing versions of Ultiman.
Based out of the fictional Vanity City, Aztek is the champion of the Aztec god Quetzalcoatl.
Max Laurel appeared in other films only as a character actor.
Kurtzman and Elder developed a female version of Goodman Beaver for Playboy magazine called Little Annie Fanny.
Created by Cary Bates and Mike Grell, Stewirt is a former hopeful for the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Despite a fairly small circulation, Spaceship Away continues to appear.
The first one, whose real name is Aaron Verne, first appeared in Thor #302, and has the ability to create geometric energy constructs.
Frieda was also featured on the Static Shock TV series from the DCAU and was voiced by Danica McKellar.
Created by Mike Baron and Erik Larsen, the character made his first appearance in The Punisher Vol.
The character was created in 1959 by writer John Broome and artist Gil Kane, and first appeared in Showcase #22.
As Darna, she stands up for those who cannot fend for themselves.
Zara, Priestess of the Crimson Flame is a villain who battled the Golden Age Wonder Woman.
He is a member of the Watchers, an extraterrestrial species who in the distant past stationed themselves across space to monitor the activities of other species.
Supergirl first appeared in a story published in Action Comics #252 titled "The Supergirl from Krypton".
Slash is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics Universe, most notably as a member of the Sisters of Sin.
The next character to use the Major Victory name first appeared in Adventures of Superman #612.
The character first appeared in World's Finest Comics #3 and was created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger.
Buster's gonads are so large, that he needs a wheelbarrow to carry them around.
Chthon is a fictional character, a demonic Elder God appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Lana Lang is a fictional supporting character in DC Comics' Superman comics series.
The original Whiplash also went by the name Blacklash.
She made her cinematic debut in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.
The character went on to star and co-star in several comic book series as well as a Blade film series and television series.
The character was created by Mike Mignola and John Byrne, and was based on the real life Russian mystic of the same name.
He has also used other superheroes, including the Fantastic Four.
He and his husband, Apollo, have also been interpreted as a parallel of the Batman/Superman World's Finest partnership.
In his secret identity, he worked as a traveling repairman.
The second Wrath debuted in Batman Confidential #13, and was created by Tony Bedard and Rags Morales.
Death Adder is the name of two supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In the English translations he is known as Orville or Ambrose.
by Ain't It Cool News, and "Superhero buddy book of the decade" by Wizard magazine.
The first issue of The Shadow Magazine went on sale on April 1, 1931, a pulp series.
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, she is a reporter for Vanity Fair.
Wilson Fisk is played by Michael Clarke Duncan in the 2003 film Daredevil, and by Vincent D'Onofrio in the Daredevil TV series.
His real name is Hannibal Hawkes and he first appeared in Western Comics #5.
Adding to the train's mystique were its gourmet meals and Hollywood clientele.
The character remained depowered until a 2011 comic.
He is the Asian sidekick and valet to the Crimson Avenger, one of the first costumed heroes of the Golden Age of Comics.
The Master of the Iron Hand is a fictional martial artist and sensei in comic books published by DC Comics.
Vessel is a fictional villain created by Marvel Comics for their team called Gene Nation.
The character was created by transgender science fiction writer Rachel Pollack.
It was continued by artists Hurey and Jean-Pol until 1974.
He is the first supervillain to appear in the Supreme Power universe that does not have any superhuman abilities.
Scribe is a fictional character, a mutant in Marvel Comics' shared universe, the Marvel Universe.
Catman is a fictional character in comic books published by DC Comics who was initially a supervillain and rival of Batman.
Renee Maria Montoya is a fictional comic book character published by DC Comics.
They're raised by Sally and the Colonel.
The character made his first appearance in Relampago!
He first appeared behind the scenes in Justice League of America #233, and was created by Gerry Conway and Chuck Patton.
Mala is the name of two fictional characters who first appeared in the DC Comics' universe as two members of Wonder Woman's fellow Amazons.
These comics were a promotional vehicle for the computer games of the same name which featured Marvel characters.
Michael Pointer is a fictional character code-named Omega, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In it, Rima, a primitive girl of the shrinking rain forest of South America, meets Abel, a political fugitive.
The character was created during the 1940s, a period fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books.
With Jennifer Burke chosen to lead the New Sentinels of Justice under the name of Paragon, the original Paragon objected.
Billy Kincaid is a fictional character and supervillain in Todd McFarlane's Spawn comic book series.
Kelda is a fictional character appearing in the comic book Thor published by Marvel Comics.
The General is a fictional character appearing in the DC Comics universe.
In every issue of Richie Rich and Jackie Jokers, a featured story would always show Jackie doing a parody of current movies, TV shows, or commercials.
The character also appears in a number of movies, television, and video game adaptations.
At one point DeSaad had an assistant named Justeen, a reference to de Sade's novel Justine, although she bore little resemblance to the title character.
He is an enemy of the Punisher.
Massacre is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Strange for a short period of time.
The hook is her sigil in the galleries of the other characters.
Destiny is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Malcolm "Mal" Arnold Duncan, currently known as Vox, is a fictional character, existing in the DC Universe.
He eventually learns he has been bonded with the demon Zarathos.
Dynamic Man is a fictional android superhero published by Dynamic Publications, Inc., one of Harry "A" Chesler's imprints.
The character is associated with the Dazzler.
He appeared primarily in humorous stories in the anthology series Tomorrow Stories.
He most often appears as an adversary of the X-Men.
Tag is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
His first appearance was in The Outsiders vol.
In the 2012 animated series, April is voiced by Mae Whitman.
He first appeared in Captain America vol.
Chance is the name of two unrelated fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Evans is credited for giving Penduko a curly-haired image, which had already become a trademark of the character.
First introduced as the Counter-Earth incarnation of Bucky during the "Heroes Reborn" event, Rikki crossed over to Earth-616 in Onslaught Reborn where she operates as Nomad.
Sofia Constantinas was a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Zarkov was first portrayed in the Flash Gordon film serials by Frank Shannon.
Both continued to write and draw the Spider Widow feature until the end of its run in Feature Comics #72.
Created by writer Bill Mantlo and artist Keith Giffen, the character first appeared in Marvel Preview #7.
Hellgrammite is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an enemy of Superman.
He first appeared in Batman Annual #17, and was created by Doug Moench and Michael Manley.
Korrek is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
Centurious is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Initially a recurring enemy of Daredevil, in the 2000s he emerged as the archenemy of Jessica Jones and her husband Luke Cage.
The most widely known version, the "Modern Age" villain that first appeared in 1965, is a long-time and highly dangerous opponent of the Justice League.
He was first fully seen and named in Marvel Comics Presents #86.
Vixen is a comic book character created by Gerry Conway and Bob Oksner.
Aqueduct, originally known as Water Wizard, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was created by Fabian Nicieza and Rob Liefeld, and debuted in X-Force vol.
Gazelle is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by writer Jay Faerber, Warner first appeared in Dynamo 5 #1.
He is able to nullify the memory wipe by remembering all he can during the process.
She is a Native American and one of the very few deaf comic characters.
Gaia, also known as the Guardian of the Universal Amalgamator, is a fictional comic book superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She is an opera singer whose demeanor comically aggravates Captain Haddock's stereotyped sea-captain misogyny as she pops up in adventure after adventure.
The character appears in the NEW-GEN comic books.
Cassandra Cain is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman.
Most stories are based on dark fantasy with blood and gore.
The character is depicted as an alternate reality evil version of the X-Men's Beast.
The limited series was initially published by Image Comics and from 2003 by IDW Publishing.
Satanus is a fictional Tyrannosaurus rex that appears as a recurring character in Judge Dredd and other series in 2000 AD.
The character also appeared in the superhero group Ultraforce.
According to the 1995 feature film Casper, his family name is McFadden, making his "full" name Casper McFadden.
The character has also appeared on television in animation and live action.
Her last name is "Barr" spelled backward.
He is still one of the primary antagonists to the Ninja Turtles, appearing as General Krang in the 2012 IDW comic publication.
The Belgian comic book award Bronzen Adhemar has been named after him.
The character is usually depicted as an enemy of the antihero the Punisher.
Electro is the name of two fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Salim noticed that there had never been a movie featuring an Indonesian superhero and wished to start a public debate on the subject.
He also serves as the mascot of the Belgian comic strip magazine Spirou.
The character was created by William Dozier, Julius Schwartz, and Carmine Infantino.
She made her debut in New X-Men: Academy X #5.
He debuted in 1973 in his own eponymous title, before being canceled and replaced by the title Richie Rich and Jackie Jokers later that year.
She debuted in Artemis: Requiem #1, and was created by William Messner-Loebs and Ed Benes.
The Looter is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Frank Cobb is the title character of a three issue comic book limited series titled Cobb: Off the Leash, published by IDW Publishing.
The Elders of the Universe are a fictional group of supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character is usually depicted as associated with Spider-Man.
The character first appeared in X-Statix #9.
The Answer is the name of three fictional comic book characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Thunderbolt is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Amy learns that an evil ruler called Dark Opal is out to destroy her and travels to Gemworld to overthrow him.
If the obstacles proved too great, the Eye would assist its mortal charges by working miracles.
Celeste is the niece of long-time Legion rival Leland McCauley.
Wotan is a fictional character in stories published by DC Comics, a supervillain who is the archenemy of the mystical superhero Doctor Fate.
Created by Bob Rozakis and Jack C. Harris, the character first appeared in Secrets of Haunted House and was a recurring character for ten issues.
Enforcer is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Isaiah Crockett is a fictional character in publications from DC Comics.
Crystal is a princess of the Inhuman Royal Family and sister of Medusa, Queen of the Inhumans.
Death was named the fifteenth greatest comic book character by Empire Magazine.
Cyborg is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Gentleman Ghost is a fictional character, a supervillain published by DC Comics publications.
She is now an exiled member of the Guardians of the Universe.
He exists in MC2, an alternate future timeline of the main Marvel continuity and is the son of the former supervillain Juggernaut.
He is a delusional criminal mastermind who believes that he is the god Zeus and is an occasional enemy of Batman.
Portal is a fictional character, a mutant superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Johnny Quick is the name of two DC Comics characters, each with the power of superhuman speed.
The Phantom is a fictional, costumed crime-fighter who operates from the fictional country of Bangalla.
Mad Dog Rassitano is a Marvel Comics fictional character that first appeared in The Mighty Thor #426.
At night and when around evil, Blaze finds his flesh consumed by hellfire, causing his head to become a flaming skull.
Terry McGinnis is the vigilante known as Batman in the future, having taken over the name after the aging Bruce Wayne went into retirement.
His marksmanship is uncanny, at a nearly supernatural level, but he has been known to miss moving targets.
He is a dark anti-hero vigilante with little true feeling and a strong tendency to kill.
Nestor is the epitome of a butler of French society.
Fist of Justice is a superhero comic book published by Digital Webbing.
Dare appeared in the Eagle comic story Dan Dare, Pilot of the Future from 1950 to 1967, and dramatised seven times a week on Radio Luxembourg.
Kiwi Black is a fictional mutant character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Solstice is a fictional comic book super heroine published by DC Comics.
Sprite is a fictional character appearing in the comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Desak Sterixian, more commonly known as Desak the God Slayer, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Thundra is a fictional character, an anti-heroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Batman's secret identity is Bruce Wayne, a wealthy American playboy, philanthropist, and owner of Wayne Enterprises.
In the early 20th century, a secret organization enhanced Starrett into Captain Paragon.
The character will be portrayed by Jeff Goldblum in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Thor: Ragnarok.
Sharon Ventura, also known as She-Thing, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Detective Comics #392, which was published in 1969.
Graviton has appeared in The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes cartoon series while Franklin Hall appeared on an episode of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
He ran an ad announcing the contents of Alica Parker's safety deposit box would be opened on a given day.
Rockslide is a fictional character, a mutant superhero and member of the X-Men in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Dr. Faiza Hussain, later given the codename Excalibur, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Despite all his training, Kevin is not very muscular or intelligent and is cursed with probably the worst luck of anybody on the Wildstorm Earth.
Killraven is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
His first appearance was in X-Men: Apocalypse vs. Dracula #2.
The Golden Age hero has been mostly forgotten while versions of the Crime Syndicate Johnny Quick have continued to appear throughout the modern age.
The character was once described as one of "The Ten Most Heinous Enemies of the Mighty Thor".
Fandral the Dashing is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Sin-Eater is a name given to several fictional characters appearing in books published by Marvel Comics, usually those featuring Spider-Man and Ghost Rider.
The original and most well known is Peter Parker created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko originating from the Earth 616 universe.
He first appeared in Justice League of America vol.
When she dons her "Echo" guise, she is easily recognizable by a white hand print which covers most of her face.
Cyril Sheldrake debuted as the Squire in Batman #62, and was created by Bill Finger and Dick Sprang.
Spiral is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly in association with Longshot or the X-Men.
Created by writer Grant Morrison and artist Frank Quitely, Cassandra first appeared in New X-Men #114.
Bamse – Världens starkaste björn is a Swedish cartoon created by Rune Andréasson.
Dan Dare returned in new strips in 2000 AD in 1977 until 1979 and in the relaunched Eagle in 1982 until 1994.
Miguel Bustamonte is a fictional character who appears in comic books published by Azteca Productions.
Also known as Mr. Kulbiczi, he is a psychopath whose mental illness and delirium was the result of his ex-wife telling him she didn't want children.
She was at first intrigued by the new Ghost Rider, unaware that he was Daniel.
Dubbilex is a fictional comic book character published by DC Comics.
Although initially an adversary of the Hulk, Gremlin is killed in battle with Iron Man during the Armor Wars.
His name is also the name of a nursery rhyme in Gotham City, the city in which he lives.
Tante Sidonia is a Flemish comics character from the Belgian comics series Suske en Wiske.
Sterns would later be further transformed, causing his cranium to change into the shape of an oversized brain.
Mordru is a fictional supervillain appearing in books published by DC Comics.
In 2013, ComicsAlliance ranked Havok as #44 on their list of the "50 Sexiest Male Characters in Comics".
She is a member of the intergalactic enforcers known as the Starjammers and currently a member of the Uncanny X-Men.
Arisia is named after the planet Arisia in the Lensman novels by E.E.
The character most often appears in X-Men stories in the Marvel Universe.
The character's appearance is distinctive and iconic: a yellow and sky blue costume, brown boots and a utility belt with a star-shaped buckle.
Her book became an instant best seller, and Alica Parker reveled in all the attention.
Paul Westfield is a fictional DC Comics character.
In March 2010 a new Jaguar was set to appear in The Shield #5.
The Super Sons series features the duo as Superboy and Robin.
Created by Keith Giffen and J. M. DeMatteis during their comedy Justice League period, he first appeared in Justice League America #36.
Shadow Slasher is a fictional supervillain in the Marvel Comics universe.
The character is usually depicted as a member of the superhero family the Pantheon.
As told in the comics, Zuma is a demigod and the son of the Aztec serpent god Kukulkan.
For the first-person shooter, see Vivisector: Beast Inside.
Myg of the planet Lythyl is a fictional character, a superhero in the future of the DC Comics universe.
The same writer later gave the title to its best known claimant Jack Monroe in Captain America #281.
Scorcher is a fictional character in Marvel Comics.
Several sequels would be released in the following years for various gaming consoles.
Martinique Jason, also known as Mastermind, is a fictional mutant supervillain in the Marvel Comics universe.
Ninjak is a fictional superhero appearing in eponymous American comic books published by Valiant Comics and Acclaim Comics.
Eventually being referred to simply as "Beast", Hank McCoy underwent progressive physiological transformations, permanently gaining animalistic physical characteristics.
Antimony "Annie" Carver is the protagonist of Tom Siddell's 2005 webcomic Gunnerkrigg Court.
Penguin was ranked #51 in IGN's list of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time.
Tek Jansen is a fictional character featured on The Colbert Report and in a comic book series published by Oni Press.
His one Golden Age story has been reprinted in The Twelve #0.
Johnny Quick is a Golden Age DC Comics character with the power of superhuman speed.
He is a student at Freese College, featured in the Top Cow Productions comics Freshmen.
Owlwoman is a fictional character, a superheroine in the DC Universe.
Her humorous, ironic adventures are written by Valdez and illustrated by Callisaya and Gladys Castro Mamani.
She was naive and good-hearted Maria DeGuzman, who came to North America from Rio de Janeiro to study at Elm Harbor University.
Dogmatix is a pun on the words dog and dogmatic.
Gabriel "Gabe" Jones is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Scoop Smith is a fictional character who had his own strip in Fawcett Comics' Whiz Comics and appeared in its inaugural issue.
Judge Martin Sinfield is a fictional supporting character and antagonist in the Judge Dredd comic strip in 2000 AD.
Walter is a fictional character from the Judge Dredd comic strip in British comic 2000 AD.
The Spot is a fictional character, a comic book supervillain in the Marvel Comics universe and appearing as an enemy of Spider-Man and Daredevil.
Six years after the creation of the Squadron Sinister.
Silvermane is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She made several Silver Age appearances, as well as several Post-Crisis appearances in which she was the leader of Villainy Inc.
Alpha Centurion is the name of three fictional superheroes published by DC Comics.
The character debuted in Shadowman #1, created by writers Jim Shooter and Steve Englehart, and artist Mike Manley.
Amatsu-Mikaboshi, the Chaos King, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Baron Brimstone is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
MacPherran is the second Marvel supervillainess to use the name.
29 in their Top 100 Comic Book Heroes, and the character ranked No.
The character has been primarily featured in the book Nextwave.
He first appeared in the comic book series, Blade: The Vampire Hunter #4 and was created by Ian Edginton and Douglas H. Wheatley.
Jonothon "Jono" Evan Starsmore, better known as Chamber or Decibel, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is both a genius inventor and a sorcerer.
He has taken many names, including Morpheus and Oneiros, and his appearance can change depending on the person who is seeing him.
The stories are only loosely connected and depict the struggles of infantrymen in war.
3, #38, and was created by Geoff Johns and Tony Daniel.
Occasionally, she is seen as an ally of Spider-Man and other heroes.
The Absorbing Man is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is a tall, well-muscled humanoid alien with reddish-orange skin and a partially bald head.
Her original design was based on Elizabeth Taylor.
The character first appeared in X-Treme X-Men #20.
Two are from DC Comics: Libby Lawrence and Jesse Chambers, the other is from Charlton Comics: Caroline Dean.
Phastos is a fictional character appearing in the Marvel Comics universe.
Hope Summers is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was created by David Aja and Matt Fraction, and first appeared in Hawkeye Vol.
The Spider is a British comic book character who began as a supervillain before becoming a superhero.
Gosamyr is a fictional character, a supervillain from Marvel Comics.
The character is usually depicted as an enemy of Iron Man.
The series is developed, written, directed, and produced by Noah Hawley, and has received a positive critical and viewer response.
Ghost Maker is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Krypto, also known as Superdog, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Superman.
2 #42 in story titled "The Other Side of the World!".
Calendar Man is known for committing crimes that correspond with holidays and significant dates.
The character has been featured in various media adaptations, such as feature films, television series and video games.
The concept may be extended to other media as well.
He was the first Marvel Comics character to wield the fictional metal alloy adamantium.
In 1996, Garth starred in his own 4-issue limited series, under a new alias: Tempest.
He is the founder and leader of the A.P.N.G., and the leading scientific mind in the field of nanotechnology on the world of New-Gen.
She was briefly a member of the X-Men and also participated in the Weapon X program in an attempt to gain control of her splintered personalities.
She would later be better known as a relative of Captain America's modern-day significant other Sharon Carter.
Cyclops is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics and is a founding member of the X-Men.
Initially, the character was a hand-to-hand fighter without superpowers who often posed as a criminal to infiltrate criminal gangs.
The reporter, loosely based on the real reporter Ernie Pyle, acts as a narrator of stories, without being directly involved in them.
Pharzoof is a fictional character published by DC Comics.
As he was also a professional player, while all his teammates were amateurs, he was vastly more skillful than anyone else on the team.
Apollo is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Everyman is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
During the fight Chesney was struck by lighting and killed.
Red Shift is a fictional supervillain in the Marvel Comics universe and was a herald of Galactus.
Later he organized the Serpent Society a group of snake-themed criminals for hire, with the Society working like a trade union.
The first character was a sapient horse with magical powers who was once a centaur in ancient Greece.
Von Roehm possesses a hereditary ability that is likened to lycanthropy.
He is a Shi'ar with the ability to generate and control electromagnetism.
Flint is a fictional comic book character from Wildstorm, created by Jeff Mariotte and Ron Lim.
He is named after the Italian sculptor Donatello.
A pirate and mercenary operating in outer space, the character has frequently appeared as an enemy of the Avengers and the Silver Surfer.
Heimdall is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character is an enemy of the X-Men and first appeared in Uncanny X-Men #299.
He first appeared in Chamber of Darkness #4,, and was created by Roy Thomas and Barry Windsor-Smith.
3 #12, and was re-envisioned by Geoff Johns and Dale Eaglesham.
Additionally, Bart is the first cousin of XS, a Legionnaire and daughter of Dawn Allen.
With Falk's death in 1999, Fredericks became both writer and artist.
The Ninjak series was very popular and Ninjak #1 placed number one on Wizard Magazine's Top Ten Hottest Comics of the month article in February 1994.
Although the Hulk's coloration has varied throughout the character's publication history, the most usual color is green.
Vartox is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics.
Popular culture historian Ron Goulart calls him "one of the truly wacky creations of comics."
Brande is a fictional DC Comics character in the 30th and 31st centuries with the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Shape is a Marvel comics comic book character created by Mark Gruenwald.
2 #194,, and was created by Geoff Johns and Scott Kolins.
She is the 21st century ancestor of Dawnstar of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
The character first appeared in Detective Comics #744
She is a prominent member of the superhero team Teen Titans.
Created by writer Bill Mantlo and artist Carmine Infantino, the character made his first appearance in Iron Man #109.
She is later found to be a human girl who was genetically altered by the villain Brainiac to appear Kryptonian.
The Mandarin is portrayed as a genius scientist and a superhumanly skilled martial artist.
He premiered, according to cover dates, the same month as DC Comics' Sandman, Fox Publications' The Flame, and Centaur's Masked Marvel.
The Blob is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Bova is a fictional character from Marvel Comics.
She first appeared in Mister Miracle #4, and was created by Jack Kirby.
Harvey Comics published one additional issue in 1966.
Artemis is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is a charter member of the Warriors Three, a trio of Asgardian adventurers consisting of Fandral, Hogun the Grim, and Volstagg the Valiant.
She is the sister of the heroine Flare, and her powers are electrical as opposed to Flare's light-based powers.
His son, who took up his father's identity, became part of the team.
She has achieved similar popularity in the Modern Age of Comic Books under the Birds of Prey publication and as a disabled icon.
The character's earliest appearances were in Fantastic Four #66-67 and Thor #165-166.
Vultan and the other Hawkmen provoked some controversy at the time of publication.
Earth-Prime's Superboy first refers to himself as "Superboy-Prime" in Infinite Crisis #2.
Tex Thompson is a fictional superhero owned by DC Comics who has used the costumed identities Mr. America and The Americommando.
The Batman of Zur-En-Arrh is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
She is a member of the Rangers, the American Southwest superhero team.
The original series was 15 issues, was a central character in "Valiant: 1999 And Beyond" and was subsequently revamped for the VH2 Universe in 1998.
So there’s a wealth of story potential there".
The character made his debut appearance in a two-part story arc titled Pineapple Man #0: The Hunt in 1994.
Night Raven first appeared in Hulk Comic #1.
Myrddin debuted in New Comics #3,, and was created by Rafael Astarita.
When Starlord was cancelled the series transferred to 2000 AD.
Slaymaster is a fictional comic book character from Marvel Comics's Captain Britain series.
He first appeared in Weird Western Tales #22.
The character was ranked 49th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Masada is a fictional comic book superhero from Image Comics.
Some of his Golden Age adventures were reprinted by AC Comics in the Men of Mystery anthology.
He later starred in the eight-issue Time Masters series, written by Bob Wayne and Lewis Shiner.
Geldoff was brought into Earth-616 by Dan Slott and Christos N. Gage in Avengers: The Initiative #8 where he was given the code name Proton.
Her costume is very similar to that of Captain America.
Yondu Udonta, or simply Yondu, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by writer Kevin Smith and artist Phil Hester, she first appeared in Green Arrow #2.
Though he became well known as the Lone Ranger's friend, Tonto was originally created just so the Lone Ranger would have someone with whom to talk.
The first is a recurring foe of Hawkman named Carl Sands.
Venomm is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Paibok the Power Skrull is a fictional alien, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was also a backup series in The Fly issues 4-9.
Copperhead is the name of three different fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Kalia also has a friend in the female crow named Bhoori.
This version of Death's Head also inspired two spin-off characters, Death Wreck and Death Metal, each of which starred in its own limited series.
The Kingpin first appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man #50.
Terraformer is the name of a supervillain in Marvel Comics.
Elizabeth "Betty" Ross is a fictional character created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Caliber series was nominated for an Eisner award for best new series.
Hybrid is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Agent X #1, by Gail Simone and UDON.
Thomas "Tom" Corsi is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, most often appearing in X-Men stories.
Kenneth Irons is a fictional comic book supervillain.
He was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby and debuted in Fantastic Four #45 along with other members of the Inhuman Royal Family.
He is a private detective who exists in DC's main shared universe, known as the DC Universe.
A mutant, Wolf Cub is an Xavier Institute student and X-Men trainee.
Ch'p is a member of the Green Lantern Corps in the DC Comics Universe.
It was revealed in issue #3 that Vanth had become one with the sword.
Robert "Rebel" Ralston is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
One a comic book superheroine, the other a superhero.
Chopper is a fictional character appearing in British comics anthologies 2000 AD and Judge Dredd Megazine.
Nemesis is the name of two fictional characters in the DC Comics universe.
He has a young grandson named Mikey.
Like other characters in the DC Universe, several alternate versions of Superman have been characterized over the years.
The Vision is an American fictional comic book superhero who appeared in comic books published by Marvel Comics during the Golden Age of comic books.
Despite his age, he is still quite energetic.
2 #90, during the four part Elemental War storyline that ran to issue #93, and was created by John Ostrander and Tom Mandrake.
Static is a fictional comic book hero created and owned by writer-artist Steve Ditko.
Jack has extensive martial arts training and has mastered all disciplines.
She is a shady businesswoman who occasionally masquerades as Madame Menace.
Tintin's creator died in 1983, yet his creation remains a popular literary figure, even featured in a 2011 Hollywood film, directed by Steven Spielberg.
She debuted in Teen Titans v3 #42, and was created by Geoff Johns and Tony Daniel.
Paris is a fictional character in Marvel Comics.
Created as part of the Blood Syndicate for Milestone Media, the character has since gone on to become a gangster and supervillain.
He is an adolescent version of Kang the Conqueror, armed with a bio-metal suit that responds to mental commands.
Zachary is a descendant of the Homo Magi just like his cousin Zatanna and uncle John Zatara.
Strata is a fictional extraterrestrial police officer published by DC Comics.
He first appeared in Astonishing Tales #25, created by Rich Buckler and Doug Moench.
Thus Zarkov's rocket is the only means to escape certain death and they board willingly.
The original version debuted in All-Star Western #2, and was created by Robert Kanigher and Gray Morrow.
She is a member of the Externals and has exhibited immensely powerful telekinetic abilities in addition to being immortal.
Besides regular comics, the series was also featured in dailies and weeklies along with other comic heroes.
Her elven heritage granted her immortality, and she used this time to master the mystic arts.
", a back-up strip in Detective Comics, beginning with issue #153.
Although her secret identity was never expressly revealed, the reader was led to believe it was Margaret Janice Peggy Maloney the daughter of District Attorney Maloney.
He works as a menhir sculptor and deliveryman, and is Asterix's best friend.
He originally operated as the villain Override and worked with his wife, who operated as Aura.
However, the Dark Knight does care for his lost progeny.
He was purchased by DC Comics along with the other "Action Heroes".
Primarily an enemy of the Punisher, the character exists within Marvel's main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.
Gargouille is a fictional mutant villain character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Postmortem is a fictional cyborg supervillain in the Marvel Universe.
Further evidence of this is shown by DDD's minions the Gremlins who strongly resemble some of Roth's creations.
Joseph is a clone of the X-Men’s nemesis Magneto, possessing his magnetic powers, though he was originally intended to be an amnesiac Magneto.
He is characterised as a megalomaniac, attempting to conquer the world on several occasions, yet also possessing a strong sense of honor.
He was originally heir to the Bumstead Locomotive fortune but was disowned when he married a flapper whom his family saw as below his class.
She currently works as an attorney in her new home of Edinburg, Texas.
Her appearance is based on Mignola's wife, Christine.
The character originally appeared in Nutty as the backpage strip in Issue 1, dated 16 February 1980 drawn by John Geering.
A similar character named Element Woman appeared during the events of Flashpoint and later appearing in The New 52 as part of the Justice League.
Phil Davis soon took over as the strip's illustrator, while Falk continued to script.
The stories focus on a Sov-Block Judge named Razors.
He is frequently seen with his partner in crime Shades.
He first appeared in X-Force #117 and was created by Peter Milligan and Mike Allred.
The character is depicted as originating from an alternate future.
Lori is a mermaid from Tritonis, a city in the undersea lost continent of Atlantis.
Samuel L. Jackson later signed a nine-picture deal to portray the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise, first appearing in the 2008 film Iron Man.
Booster Gold is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
His first appearance was in Secret Origins Vol.
Tyler Stone is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
After Viper is deposed Coachwhip decides to remain with the Society, starting a romantic relationship with new leader King Cobra.
Fesi is an Aboriginal Australian mutant with the ability to bend time and space, connecting one piece to another and allowing him to teleport.
Eric Masterson is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics Universe, a superhero that has appeared as Thor and later Thunderstrike.
In the most recent storylines, Antiope is the founding leader of the Amazons of Bana-Mighdall, whom they worship as a sacred ancestor.
Kro is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Tyrak is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
IGN's list of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time ranked Mister Sinister as #29.
After a popular special in 1994, a monthly title devoted to the character began publication in 1995.
This has resulted in a number of savage beatings over the years.
The character was ranked 64th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Finn Jones portrays the character in the live-action television series Iron Fist developed for Netflix and is set to reprise the role in The Defenders.
The series was the first successful Canadian comic book since the collapse of the nation's comic-book industry following World War II.
He used these powers to fight crime with his sidekick, Tim Roland, together known as the "Terror Twins".
The Floronic Man, also known as the Plant Master, Floro, and the Seeder, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
First introduced in Kingdom Come #1, Kingdom Come Superman was created by Mark Waid and Alex Ross.
Viper is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
At the time, Simon Baz debuted to a positive critical reaction and over time gained a sizable fanbase.
Combat Colin is a slapstick comedy adventure comic strip created, written and drawn by humour comic artist/writer Lew Stringer.
He would later join the Freedom Fighters, but was killed at the beginning of the Infinite Crisis storyline.
He is known for having multiple children.
1 #1, and was created by Neil Gaiman and John Bolton.
Created by Rik Levins, she debuted in Americomics #4.
Baron Bedlam is a fictional character, a supervillain in the DC Universe.
Dana Delany provided the voice work for Andrea and Stacy Keach provided the electronically modified voice of her "Phantasm" alter ego.
The character has also appeared in media adaptations, including animated TV series and feature films.
The Flash wears a distinct red and gold costume treated to resist friction and wind resistance, traditionally storing the costume compressed inside a ring.
He assists Flash, Dale, and Baylin by monitoring rifts that open.
2, with his voice provided by Bradley Cooper and motion capture provided by Sean Gunn.
Reynolds himself would eventually portray the character in the 2009 film X-Men Origins: Wolverine and reprised the role in the 2016 film Deadpool.
The character has appeared in most other media adaptations of the comics, often playing a prominent role.
Arclight is a fictional supervillain character in DC Comics.
At times, he is also referred to as The Cyborg.
He also explained how his condition left him incapable of feeling any sensation at all.
The Overmaster is a DC Comics supervillain.
The character is usually depicted as an elderly crime boss and enemy of the superhero Spider-Man.
Mister M is a character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In The Sandman #42, she appeared topless with long dark hair.
He is the founder of a fictional government-approved crime fighter organization Commando Force.
She first appeared in Birds of Prey #96 as a wannabe Batgirl, before taking on her own identity as Misfit.
He first appeared in Team Titans #2.
Gilda Dent, occasionally referred to as Grace instead of Gilda, is a fictional character who has appeared in Batman comic books since Detective Comics #66.
A former private detective, Mark Compass is hired by a shipping company as a troubleshooter.
The character first appeared in Uncanny X-Men #527, in the second chapter of the "Five Lights" storyline, and was created by Matt Fraction and Kieron Gillen.
I am your heritage and your destiny!
He gained his powers when Deadalus released a nanobot swarm on New-Gen.
Both Joe Jitsu and Go Go Gomez have been edited out of some reruns of the Dick Tracy cartoon series.
Denis Gifford, author of The International Book of Comics, said that the character "was as silly as his supercostume."
Terry Sloane is a fictional character, a superhero in the DC Comics Universe.
Though usually portrayed as a supervillain, he is sometimes depicted as a more noble and honorable character.
The post-flashpoint Earth-2 Wonder Woman was the sole surviving Amazon of her source Earth, but the fate of the other Amazons of post-flashpoint Earth-2 is unknown.
Jean Grey is a member of a subspecies of humans known as mutants, who are born with superhuman abilities.
Darwin Jones is a fictional scientist, a comic book character published by DC Comics.
Two separate live-action versions of the character have been adapted by two different film studios.
Wilhelm van Vile, better known as The Painter, is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Tasmanian Devil is a fictional character, a superhero in the DC Comics universe.
The Russian is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
self killed by Joe Chill and his Flashpoint Batman self killed by Eobard Thawne in "The Button", a storyline revolving around the "Smiley-face" button from Watchmen.
Doctor Light is a fictional superheroine appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
He made his debut in Captain America #337, created by writer Mark Gruenwald and artist Tom Morgan.
Sise-Neg is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Angel is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Doctor Destroyer is the most powerful villain in the Hero Universe.
Elektra Natchios is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She is the third character to be called Spider-Woman.
Both Hoult and Grammer reprise their roles in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Andromeda, while not the Sub-Mariner, gave me a connection to Atlantis."
He was created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist Russ Heath, and first appeared in Marvel Boy #1.
The second Copperhead, Arthur Reynolds, was a coworker of Chesney and stole his costume after Chesney was killed.
Flash Gordon is the hero of a space opera adventure comic strip created by and originally drawn by Alex Raymond.
Cannonball is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly in association with the X-Men.
Jaime Reyes is the third character to assume the mantle of Blue Beetle, but he is substantially different from his predecessors.
Since then, Zealot was featured as a supporting character Deathstroke and later made appearances in Stormwatch.
He is a black sidekick to Denny Colt, the title character.
Talia al Ghul is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Batman.
The Willy Schultz storyline was a departure from most other combat features of this time, with its conflicted hero caught between loyalties.
His doppelgänger sported an accent and attire that suggested a Southern preacher.
Harbinger is a fictional character, a DC Comics superheroine created in the early 1980s.
The Man-Beast is a fictional character who appears in the comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is one of Marvel's cosmic heroes, a character whose adventures frequently take him into outer space or other dimensions.
It is authored by Rick Loverd, drawn by Jeremy Haun, colored by Dave McCaig with covers drawn by Dale Keown.
Layla Rose Miller, also known as Butterfly, is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe.
Cyborg appears in the DC Extended Universe, where he is played by actor Ray Fisher.
Regan Wyngarde is the daughter of Jason Wyngarde, the original Mastermind.
Ares is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
His first appearance was in Fantastic Four #359; he was created by Tom DeFalco, Paul Ryan and Danny Bulanadi.
Created by Joey Cavalieri, Gerry Conway, and Rafael Kayanan, the character made his first appearance in Fury of Firestorm #28.
She first went by Hardshell and later as the second version of Beetle.
His most significant blow is discovering and informing his superiors that Doctor Bruce Banner physically transformed into the Hulk, which made the scientist a wanted fugitive.
4, #0 before making his first full appearance in Superboy vol.
Created by Dan Jurgens, the character first appeared in Booster Gold #1 and has been a member of the Justice League.
The second is the young Sylvie Lushton, who was given great mystic powers by Loki when he created her as a tool for chaos.
Harold Allnut is a fictional character in DC Comics and is an aide of Batman.
Madman is a supervillain within the fictional Marvel Comics universe.
He was created by Paul Gustavson, who had previously created the Arrow for Centaur.
Vienna had earlier revealed that Judge Rico had provided her with the gun and some added defenses for her apartment sometime before.
He was over 200,000 years old and was considered an artifact of Krypton.
The Wretch is a comic book created by Phil Hester and published by Slave Labor Graphics.
In the TV version however, Pedro is the son of a mortal and a lambana whose adventure begins as he starts searching for his lost father.
Bat-Cow first appeared in Batman Incorporated Vol.
The X-Men travel to Afghanistan to rescue Sooraya, whose abilities have made her the target of slavers.
Tex had a son, named Kit Willer, with a Native American woman, named Lilyth, the daughter of a Navajo Chief.
The Forgotten One is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Gambit belongs to a subspecies of humans called mutants, who are born with superhuman abilities.
The Bronze Age Huntress, also known as Helena Wayne, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
She is the second character to use the identity of the White Tiger, the first being Hector Ayala.
She is the Empress, or Majestrix, of the Shi'ar Empire and shares a lifelong bond with the leader of the X-Men, Charles Xavier.
Captain Marvel is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Diablo is an enemy of the Fantastic Four.
She works as a reporter for The Daily Bugle and has investigated Tony Stark aka Iron Man.
The author drew the comic strip for the Pif Gadget magazine until he died in 1977.
Ultron is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Marvel Conan stories were also adapted as a newspaper comic strip which appeared daily and Sunday from September 4, 1978, to April 12, 1981.
Kevin "Kasper" Cole is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Green Man first appeared in DC Comics' Green Lantern # 164, and was created by writer Todd Klein and artist Dave Gibbons.
The character was created by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning as a reference to Laika and first appeared in Nova vol.
Darkstar is a fictional character, a mutant superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
They also roar like lions when angry.
He later becomes part of Advanced Idea Mechanics' High Council as "Minister of Science."
Student Grant is a cartoon strip created by Simon Thorp for the British comic Viz.
Detroit Steel is the first of the Detroit Steelcorps, a line of armored soldiers marketed by Hammer Industries.
Rainbow Archer is a fictional supervillain published by DC Comics.
Tiny Tony is a Filipino comic book character created by Mars Ravelo and illustrated by Jim Fernandez.
Killer Moth originally wore a garish costume of purple and green striped fabric, with an orange cape and a moth-like mask.
She was ranked 21st in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Braddock flew several types of aircraft, but his most prominent command was the Lancaster Bomber "F Fox".
The character first appeared in Detective Comics #31 and was created by Gardner Fox, Bob Kane, and Sheldon Moldof.
Like most of the older Earth-Two incarnations of the DC characters, this version of Wonder Woman was semi-retired when she reappeared in later stories.
Gwen Stacy's Spider-Woman is depicted as harboring much of Peter's personality and conflicts along with sharing his powers and abilities.
He is based on the nursery rhyme character Little Boy Blue.
He first appeared in the 1978 film Superman: The Movie, where he was portrayed by actor and former boxer Jack O'Halloran.
He is a mutant whose powers are based on those of Quicksilver, and who first appeared in the comic book Young Avengers #10.
Bushmaster is the name of two fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
"Deathlok technology" has also been used thematically by Marvel writers in other stories.
Low Life is a comics story published in British anthology 2000 AD.
Mandy Patinkin has been cast to voice Papa Smurf in the animated film Smurfs: The Lost Village.
Young Frankenstein is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics.
He has been physically augmented to be nearly ageless.
He first appeared in Justice League of America, vol.
Lara Lor-Van is Lara's full maiden name, as "Lor-Van" is the name of Lara's father.
The Hobgoblin is the costumed identity of several fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly depicted as enemies of Spider-Man.
1 #3,, and he was created by Mike W. Barr and Jim Aparo.
The introduction from The Shadow radio program "Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men?
In 2013, Robbie Reyes became Ghost Rider as part of the Marvel NOW!
The character is usually depicted as an adversary of the X-Men and their affiliated teams.
Created by writer John Wagner and artist Brian Bolland, Anderson made her debut as a supporting character in the Judge Dredd story "Judge Death".
Black Mask is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
Thomson and Thompson are fictional characters in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.
American Dream has since appeared in two mini-series, her own in May 2008 and a second in June 2011, Captain America Corps.
The character was first introduced as a Russian spy, an antagonist of the superhero Iron Man.
Created by artist Steve Ditko and writer Stan Lee, the character first appeared in Strange Tales #110.
In 2013, Wally West placed 6th on IGN's Top 25 Heroes of DC Comics.
Venus de Milo is a fictional character within the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise.
The Hulk Robot is a fictional robot appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Strange, Sorcerer Supreme #32 in a story written by Roy Thomas and Jean-Marc Lofficier.
The plot involves people playing real-life versions of computer games.
The character is depicted as being most closely associated with Spider-Man.
Warlord Morrat is a fictional character in Marvel Comics and a member of the Skrull Empire.
Havok is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly in association with the X-Men.
Gog is the name of several fictional characters in the comics published by DC Comics.
He is bald, with a set of linked electrode-like objects protruding from his skull.
Bombshell is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Gaea is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Gorilla Grodd is an evil and super-intelligent gorilla who gained mental powers after being exposed to the radiation of a meteorite.
He made his first appearance in Strange Tales #144.
The magazine went bi-monthly in 1947, then quarterly in 1949.
Buck Mitty, known as Humbug, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She is a rival to Carol Ferris for the romantic affections of Hal Jordan.
When he began to target the writer and publisher of the original Copperhead stories he is stopped by Daredevil.
The name Dennis Carradine has been used in a variety of media over the years.
Zatanna is both a stage magician and an actual magician, like her father Giovanni "John" Zatara.
Doga is a fictional character, an Indian comic book superhero character appearing in Raj Comics, published and distributed across India.
She is known for searching for mates among Earth's superpowered male population; as a result, Superman becomes her obsession.
Supergirl was thus killed during the 1985 limited series Crisis on Infinite Earths and retconned out of existence.
The first person to have worn the belt in ancient times was a Incan woman.
As the current Supergirl, Kara Zor-El stars in her own monthly comic book series.
He is Peter Parker's best friend, the son of Norman Osborn, and second incarnation of Green Goblin.
Now possessing the power to shapeshift into any animal, she goes by the name Menagerie.
Die-Cut is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Wiske is one of the main characters in the popular Belgian comic strip Suske en Wiske by Willy Vandersteen.
Detroit Steel is a fictional suit of powered armor appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Duplicate Boy is a fictional superhero in the DC Comics Universe first appearing in a story by science fiction writer Edmond Hamilton in Adventure Comics #324.
Martian Manhunter is one of the seven original members of the Justice League of America.
In the storyline, Mouse was deemed surplus to requirements at Tottenford Rovers after the signing of a more skillful player who played in the same position.
Super Dinosaur is an American comic book series published by Image Comics' Skybound imprint beginning in 2011.
In keeping with his ultimate betrayal of Green Arrow, his name is "Satan" spelled backwards.
The character is usually depicted as a vigilante, and ally of the antihero the Punisher.
Originally a young astronomer named Norrin Radd on the planet Zenn-La, he saved his homeworld from the planet devourer, Galactus, by serving as his herald.
Johann Fennhoff appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe TV series Agent Carter, portrayed by Ralph Brown.
The character made her live-action cinematic debut in the 2016 film Suicide Squad, portrayed by Margot Robbie.
Based upon the Greek mythological figure of the same name, he is the Greek god of the dead and ruler of the underworld.
Kalimán is very well known and popular across Latin America, and the radio series spawned into a comic book and a couple of movies.
He also made a guest appearance in the Sci-Fi Channel original movie Mega Snake.
The Human Flame is a comic book character, a supervillain in DC Comics' main shared universe.
Ghost Rider is the name of many fictional supernatural antiheroes appearing in American Comic Books published by Marvel Comics.
The Toyman made frequent appearances in the Golden Age comics, but has appeared infrequently in Superman stories since then.
Erik Killmonger is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character, a blind masseur and blademaster, was created by novelist Kan Shimozawa.
Pisces is the name of different characters in Marvel Comics.
Earlier Turkish cartoon depictions that heroised Huns were Atilla Geliyor and Atilla'nın Ölümü, created collectively by Şahap Ayhan and Ayhan Erer in late 1940s.
Poison Ivy is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman.
Valda the Iron Maiden is a fictional character created by Roy Thomas and Ernie Colón for DC Comics.
She first appeared in Showcase #94, and was created by Paul Kupperberg and Joe Staton.
The Angel is a non-superpowered detective who nonetheless wore a superhero costume.
Jason Philip Macendale, Jr. is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Frederick Foswell, also known as the Big Man and Patch, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Pipeline is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Agent Orange is a fictional character in comics published by Wildstorm.
In 2010 IGN named Despero the 96th greatest comic book villain of all time.
His first appearance was in Wolverine vol.
The character has alternated between being an anti-hero and an outright supervillain.
Created by Cary Bates and Dave Cockrum, the character debuted in Superboy and the Legion of Super-Heroes #195.
The character first appeared in Detective Comics #441 and was created by Archie Goodwin and Howard Chaykin.
She is described as immensely enjoying her work.
He can first be seen in The Sandman #10, which is part of the second story arc, The Doll's House.
Patricia "Trish" Tilby is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics Universe and first appeared in X-Factor vol.
The storyline of Bucky O'Hare follows a parallel universe, where a war is ongoing between the slightly inept United Animals Federation and the sinister Toad Empire.
Soseh Myrkos first appeared in JSA Annual #1 and was created by David S. Goyer and Uriel Caton.
Based on the Earth-Two Huntress, she is one of several DC characters to bear the Huntress name.
In Doctor Strange: Sorcerer Supreme #60 Doctor Strange cannot prevent his Sanctum Sanctorum from being destroyed, leaving him open to an attack by Salomé.
In early 2011, she appeared in the four-part limited series Wolverine and Jubilee, written by Kathryn Immonen.
I can see Katie Cassidy playing the 10th Muse.
Waller is commonly associated with the fictional government agencies Checkmate and A.R.G.U.S..
Doop is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She first appears in The Adventures of Superman #586, and was created by J.M.
Created by writer Len Wein and artist Dave Cockrum, he debuted in the comic book Giant-Size X-Men #1.
He first appeared in X-Factor #2 and was created by Bob Layton and Jackson Guice.
He is repeatedly foiled by the Hulk, who overcomes all of the Leader's schemes as well as his artificial henchmen known as the Humanoids.
The Panday, whose real name is Flavio, is a fictional Philippine comics character created by writer Carlo J. Caparas and artist Steve Gan.
In Spanish, "tonto" translates as "moron" or "fool".
He first appeared as Humus Sapien in Thunderbolts #54, by the writer-artist team of Fabian Nicieza and Patrick Zircher.
John Lynch is a fictional comic book character, published by Wildstorm.
He first appeared in The Demon vol.
Jack O'Lantern is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in The X-Men #1.
The character makes frequent appearances in Marvel books as the former head of S.H.I.E.L.D.
The Black Cat is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
A shapeshifter endowed through an accident with the ability to turn himself into sand, he began as a villain and later became an ally of Spider-Man.
Lara's role in the Superman mythos has varied over the years, with her treatment and emphasis often depending on the decade she was written in.
Lord Dark Wind is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Troll is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Both had been depowered in the wake of M-Day, however, both have returned to their mutant forms.
The Green Mask is the name of two fictional comic book superheroes, both published by Fox Feature Syndicate.
Alfred Molina voiced him in the 2009 direct-to-video animated movie Wonder Woman.
This led to a third version of Death's Head, Death's Head 3.0, created by original Death's Head writer Simon Furman.
Pretty Persuasions is a fictional Marvel Comics mutate character who first appeared in New Warriors vol.
She is one of many characters to use the names Tigress and Huntress.
Mighty Man is one of a group of fictional superhero characters that make up the super team the Protectors, from Malibu Comics.
Throughout it all, the Captain's coarse humanity and sarcasm act as a counterpoint to Tintin's often implausible heroism.
On his first heist he was defeated by Human Torch and Thing from the Fantastic Four.
She was the first female Chief Judge of Mega-City One, and the first Judge of Mega-City One to become Chief Judge twice.
Lucas Till played Havok, as a member of the X-Men, in 2011's superhero film X-Men: First Class.
The Mad Hatter is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman.
Wildcard is a fictional character, a superhero in the Marvel Universe, member of the Strikeforce: Morituri.
Ahura is an Avestan language designation for a particular class of Zoroastrian angelic divinities.
Orpheus is a fictional comic book character appearing in books published by DC Comics.
This originally minor character was developed for the screen by Daiei Studios and actor Shintaro Katsu, who created the screen version.
As Clark Kent, he is a journalist for the Daily Planet, a Metropolis newspaper.
The Red Tornado is a fictional character, a superheroine in the DC Comics Universe, debuting during the Golden Age of Comic Books.
Like every member of the original Runaways, she is the daughter of evil villains with special abilities; in Gert's case, time-travellers.
He first appeared in Detective Comics #529, and was created by Doug Moench and Gene Colan.
A character named Thun does not appear in the 2007 Flash Gordon live action series, in which the Lion Men are renamed Turin.
He is also a mutant political activist, campaigning against society's bigotry and discrimination against mutants.
The character appears in many adaptations of the X-Men properties, such as video games, animated programs, and live-action films.
Lilandra Neramani is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, most commonly in association with the X-Men.
The Emerald Empress is a fictional character in DC Comics.
Like most DC Golden Age superheroes, the Sandman fell into obscurity in the 1940s and eventually other DC characters took his name.
Trick Shot's introduction was a retcon to Hawkeye's origins, explaining how the character became a talented archer.
Madison Jeffries is the brother of Scramble.
Doctor Doom has made many appearances in video games, television series, and merchandise such as action figures and trading cards.
He is the son of the original Atom, Al Pratt.
Over 32 different Demi the Demoness comics have been published.
She appeared as a supporting character in the series Gen¹³ and as a castmember in the series DV8, her most recent appearances were in Gen-Active.
He is the leader of the Great Lakes Avengers.
Bankelal is a fictional comic book character, that appears in comic books published by Raj Comics.
Jubilee eventually joined the junior team Generation X, and was a prominent character in the 1990s-era X-Men animated series.
He first appeared in Showcase #82, and was created by Denny O'Neil and Jerry Grandenetti.
He appears as a former nemesis and currently occasional ally to the Hulk.
A second series was produced after Valiant Comics was purchased by video game company Acclaim Entertainment in 1996.
The alias is an amalgam of Iron Man's armor and Captain America's patriotism.
Lashina is a fictional character and Goddess warrior woman published by DC Comics.
Jenny Quantum is a fictional character, a comic book superhero in the Wildstorm Universe published by DC Comics.
She has also helped explain human life and emotion to the alien Silver Surfer.
His first appearance was in Eclipse, The Magazine #7.
Starro is a fictional supervillain that appears in comic books published by DC Comics.
The Tri-Sentinel is a fictional robot who has appeared in the superhero comics of Marvel Comics.
He is the archenemy of Iron Man.
Like the rest of the Extremists he is based on a Marvel Comics villain, in his case Victor Creed/Sabretooth archenemey of James Logan Howlett/Wolverine.
Jack Flag is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appears in Wonder Woman #148 series 2,, and was created by Eric Luke and Yanick Paquette.
Holocaust is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Digitek is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Sludge is a comic book series from Malibu Comics, set in the Ultraverse.
Kimura is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Proudstar first appeared as the second Thunderbird in New Mutants #16.
The themes appear in the comics varies from childish adventures and pranks to contemporary social and political satires.
After being resurrected by The Hand, he works as an operative for the group.
The Scarlet Skier is the herald for a cosmic being known as Mr. Nebula.
A mystical entity, he is the deity that powers Juggernaut through the artifact known as Crimson Gem of Cyttorak.
He was one of the founding members of a future incarnation of the X-Men called X-Men 2099.
The second Scavenger first appeared in Superboy #2, and was created by Karl Kesel and Tom Grummett.
Riptide is a fictional comic book superhero from Image Comics.
After Centaur Publications went out of business, Airman lapsed into the public domain.
She was killed in the explosion in Stamford that started the Superhero Civil War.
A Gorgon member of the Amazon nation, she is a love interest of Amadeus Cho.
She is the estranged daughter of Kl'rt the Super-Skrull.
The character is depicted usually as an enemy of Wolverine of the X-Men.
Nightstar is a fictional character from DC Comics, the daughter of Starfire and Dick Grayson in an alternate universe, the latter of which was Red Robin.
Unlike many supervillains, Hammond does not use an alias.
In 2009, the Scarecrow was ranked as IGN's 58th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Created by writer/artist Jim Starlin, the character first appeared in Iron Man #55.
The series' first issue was released in March of that year.
Bloke, also known as Rainbow, is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
As with her sister, Sparkplug is a member of the group the League of Champions.
The character first appears in The Battle For Blüdhaven #1, and becomes the main villain of the Uncle Sam and the Freedom Fighters limited series.
The character has been adapted into various media featuring Batman, including animated TV series, film, video games, and novels.
Saint Walker is a fictional comic book character appearing in American comic books and other associated media published by DC Comics.
Katherine Anne "Kitty" Pryde is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly in association with the X-Men.
In the Post-Infinite Crisis continuity, Abin Sur was revealed to be a brother-in-law of Sinestro and uncle of his daughter Soranik Natu.
Wallflower is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In 2008, Anarky reappeared in an issue of Robin authored by Fabian Nicieza, with the intention of ending this period of obscurity.
He has super hard bones, skin and muscles and uses specially designed handgrenades that entangle his opponents in steel ribbons.
The Mandarin is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character is portrayed by Boyd Holbrook in the 2017 film Logan.
Created by cartoonists Joe Simon and Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in Captain America Comics #1 from Timely Comics, a predecessor of Marvel Comics.
Eventually, the person who hired her to kill Captain Dynamo hired her to kill Dynamo 5.
The abuse Bruce suffers at Brian's hands as a child is a major contributing factor of his eventual transformation into the Hulk.
Tarkan is a fictional Hunnic warrior created by Turkish cartoonist Sezgin Burak.
He debuted in 1st Issue Special #11,, and was created by Gerry Conway, Steve Skeates and Nestor Redondo.
The Parasite is the name of several fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as enemies of Superman.
Sparkler is a fictional character in the DC Universe.
Everett came up with "Namor" by writing down noble sounding names backwards and thought Roman/Namor looked the best.
She is one of The Endless, a group of beings who embody powerful forces or aspects of the universe, and are much more powerful than gods.
Dart is a fictional Image Comics superhero.
Stein first appeared in Vigilante series 1 #23,, and was created by Paul Kupperberg and Tod Smith.
The Zombies were later defeated with the help of Jack of Hearts.
Big Sir is a fictional DC Comics character.
Cosmo, a telepathic Soviet dog, is the security chief of the space station Knowhere and a member of the Guardians of the Galaxy.
A crime-fighting news reporter, Smith's adventures appeared in Whiz Comics during the title's earliest years.
She first appeared in Quasar #45, and was created by Mark Gruenwald and Grant Miehm.
He seems very nervous constantly and Baylin describes as a "strange, fidgety little man".
She was recruited by Silvermane from a mental hospital and given robotic armor which enhanced her strength and speed five hundred percent.
This is a reference by writer Joe Kelly to Apache Chief from the Super Friends animated series.
His first appearance was in a special insert in The New Teen Titans #16.
In Strange Tales #135, the character was transformed into a spy like James Bond and leading agent of the fictional espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D.
He is a founding member of the A.P.N.G., and gained his powers when Deadalus released a nanobot plague on the world of New-Gen.
The film was awarded the Venice Film Festival's Silver Lion for Best Direction in 2003.
His powers are the same as the original Waverider, but his knowledge and history are Booster Gold's.
The character is based on the Greek god of the same name.
Genis-Vell would become the third to carry the name.
The Target and the Targeteers are fictional characters, a trio of superheroes who first appeared in 1940, in Target Comics from Novelty Press.
Brick is a DC Comics villain and enemy of Green Arrow.
He was created by Alfred Bester and Stan Kaye.
The character's name was also used to describe a popular style of suit for young boys, the Buster Brown suit, that echoed his own outfit.
He first appeared during the Bloodlines crossover event in Flash Annual v2, #6, and was created by Mark Waid and Phil Hester.
He was again referred to as the King of Ardentia, and appeared human and clean-shaven.
Bird-Brain is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Rasputin is a mutant with substance-altering and dimension-hopping abilities.
Like every member of the original Runaways, he is the son of evil villains with special abilities; in Chase's case, mad scientists.
Glob Herman is a fictional mutant character, a supervillain and later superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
His name comes from the two large tusks that protrude out of his shoulders.
Goom is a fictional character, an extraterrestrial appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Detective Comics #203.
He was created by Simon Spurrier and artist Carl Critchlow.
Norah Winters is a fictional supporting character in Spider-Man comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The series follows a magical mask which imbues the wearer with reality-bending powers and physical imperviousness, as well as bypassing the wearer's psychological inhibitions.
He was created and drawn by Spain Rodriguez.
Shade, the Changing Man is a fictional comic book character created by Steve Ditko for DC Comics in 1977.
Hera first appeared in the pages of Thor #129, written by Stan Lee and drawn by Jack Kirby.
Given his history, few X-Men trusted Gambit when he joined the group.
She is based on the mythological character of the same name.
In the Batman film series, Billy Dee Williams portrayed Harvey Dent in Batman, and Tommy Lee Jones portrayed Two-Face in Batman Forever.
Monocle is a DC Comics supervillain and a recurring foe to Hawkman.
The two later characters called Steel are his grandsons.
The character has been featured in Marvel Comics MC2 series A-Next.
Bruce Wayne trains himself physically and intellectually and crafts a bat-inspired persona to fight crime.
Relampago is a fictional character, a comic book superhero self-published by creator Judge Margarito C. Garza.
He often wears a white shirt, a black bow tie and black pants.
He also placed 31st in The 50 Greatest Comic Book Characters in Empire.
The character works for the Office of National Emergency.
Agent Mitchell "Mitch" Carson is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Rampage is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
Madame Web was a clairvoyant, and precognitive mutant who first showed up to help Spider-Man find a kidnap victim.
Matter-Eater Lad is a superhero in the DC Universe.
Breeze Barton is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Production was expected to begin in mid-2013 and Kunal Kapoor was rumored playing the lead.
He first appeared in Marvel Team-Up vol.
Star-Lord is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jor-El was able to save his infant son Kal-El by sending him in a homemade spaceship towards Earth just moments before Krypton exploded.
Her given name is Avril Lear, but she also uses the alias of Dr. McCarthy.
Glorith of Baaldur is a fictional villainess appearing in stories published by DC Comics.
Ninjak immediately hit with readers, with the first issue selling close to 1 million copies.
Asmodeus is an extradimensional demon, subordinate to Mephisto, who has clashed on numerous occasions with the first Ghost Rider.
Unfortunately the Atomic Wars set the creature loose.
Bombshell is a fictional character, a comic book superhero published by DC Comics.
Steel, also known as the Man of Steel, is a fictional character, a superhero in the DC Universe.
He is responsible for the creation of the Red Tornado, Red Inferno, Red Torpedo, Red Volcano and Tomorrow Woman androids with the help of Professor Ivo.
Captain Paragon is married to Femforce leader Miss Victory.
Hibbard, who first appeared in books starring the Flash.
Rip Hunter is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Oesterheld worked again with the character during the time of the Vietnam War, and Ricardo Barreiro used it for a brief story about the Falklands War.
is a powered armor suit invented and worn by Patrick "Pat" Dugan, the former adult sidekick to teenage superhero Sylvester Pemberton, the Star-Spangled Kid.
Darwin appears in X-Men: First Class where he is played by actor Edi Gathegi.
The strip's popularity declined over the years; it was running in only 20 newspapers when it was cancelled on June 13, 2010.
The Shocker is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Contemplator is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
A large assortment of villains make up Batman's rogues gallery, including his archenemy, the Joker.
The character and the plot is copied from The Crow created by James O'Barr.
Shadowman appears in his own series and video games, as well as numerous other Valiant comics.
Sandman is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Filipino actor Efren Reyes Sr. was the first to play the role on the big screen.
Benjamin Richard Parker is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics alternate future MC2 universe.
Man-Thing is a large, slow-moving, empathic, humanoid swamp monster living in the Florida Everglades near the Seminole reservation and the fictitious town of Citrusville.
Most notably, actor Lee Pace played the character in the 2014 Marvel Cinematic Universe film Guardians of the Galaxy.
She is depicted as a member of the Shi'ar Imperial Guard.
Krueger, as Rattler, was given a 7-foot long bionic tail that emits sonic shockwaves to mimic his reptile namesake.
The character made his first appearance in El Gato Negro #1.
Jigsaw was a Joe Simon-created character and two-issue comic series published by Harvey Comics from September to December 1966.
He has fascinated scholars, with cultural theorists, commentators, and critics alike exploring the character's role and impact in the United States and worldwide.
Baymax is an artificial synthformer capable of synthtransing his body into various forms: a large humanoid male, "Battle-Dragon" and "Action-Mecha".
Shakira is a fictional character, a sword and sorcery heroine published by DC Comics.
Wynn is the director of the United States Security Group, an umbrella agency encompassing the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, and National Security Council.
Prince Ra-Man is a fictional comic book magician published by DC Comics.
The original Razor Fist was killed off in the comic books many years ago.
Sunfire) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
They are monstrous shock troops of Apokolips used by Darkseid to maintain order of the planet.
For the other Marvel Comics character, who is the current Phantom Rider see Phantom Rider
Ozymandias is a fictional character in the acclaimed graphic novel miniseries Watchmen by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons, published by DC Comics.
Matthews is depicted as a well-adjusted gay man, who is in a relationship with Todd Rice, better known as the superhero Obsidian.
The Harbinger of Apocalypse is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Roxy Leech is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe.
The character was created by writer/artist George Pérez.
The Ray is the name of four fictional characters, all superheroes in the DC Comics universe.
Mockingbird first appeared in Astonishing Tales #6 in 1971 as a supporting character and eventual love interest of Ka-Zar.
The series focuses on the life of a teenage half-dragon.
He is the leader of the Lupines, a species resembling humans that he claims evolved from canines instead of primates through convergent evolution.
Chroma is a fictional character that first appeared in Infinity, Inc. #14 as an unknown cosmic entity.
Arthur Parks started out as a scientist that invented small, wrist mounted lasers and used them for criminal pursuits.
Little Lotta is a fictional character published by Harvey Comics from 1953 to 1972, and then sporadically until 1993.
Ellis's re-imagining of the Star Brand should not be confused with the original New Universe Star Brand, as its origins and powers are significantly different.
Bananaman is a fictional character appearing in British comic books.
Diamondhead is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In this version they are led by Bolgar, played by Shawn Reis.
Mesmero is a fictional mutant, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character, predominantly a foe of Doctor Strange, was created by writer-plotter Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko.
The character was created by Peter B. Gillis and Brent Anderson.
Created by Chuck Dixon as an opponent for Batman, the character first appeared in Detective Comics #654, published in December 1992.
Being recruited by the Gestapo he was used as a Nazi-henchman in several Marvel comic stories set in World War II.
The Brotherhood attacked Captain America, but were defeated.
Recognizable by his toothbrush moustache, flattop haircut, and ever-present cigar, he carries out a smear campaign against Spider-Man.
The character was portrayed by Uma Thurman in Batman & Robin.
He possessed the ability to surround himself with fire and control flames.
He first appeared in Speed Comics #13, a Harvey Comics title.
She first appeared as an adversary of the Phantom Stranger, but she is also known for her appearances on Justice League Unlimited.
Princess Aura is a fictional character in the Flash Gordon comic strips and serials.
She is assisted in her task by Saturnyne, the Omniversal Majestrix and the Captain Britain Corps.
He is the son of Ultimate Wolverine.
Quicksilver most commonly appears in fiction associated with the X-Men, having been introduced as an adversary for the superhero team.
Following Steve Rogers' retirement, Wilson becomes the newest Captain America and leader of the Avengers.
Red Wolf is the name of a number of fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Adventure Comics #335 created by Edmond Hamilton and John Forte and was an enemy of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Skaar is a fictional superhero that appears in comics published by Marvel Comics, usually as a supporting character to Hulk.
He was loosely based on the Roman emperor Caligula as portrayed by John Hurt in the 1976 television show I, Claudius.
In combating Zarathos, he became a regular foe of the first Ghost Rider.
Created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger, the character debuted in Batman #49.
Ten-Eyed Man is a fictional character in DC Comics.
The character has also made appearances in the Smallville television series, portrayed by actress Margot Kidder.
She was ranked 50th in Comics Buyer's Guide's 100 Sexiest Women in Comics list.
She first appeared in Zoot Comics #7.
The author of these stories was not clearly stated but is believed to be Gilbert Lawford Dalton.
In 2012, Ares was ranked 39th in IGN's list of "The Top 50 Avengers".
Ogre is a fictional character of the Marvel Comics Universe.
For the Marvel Comics version, see Tiger Shark.
The Ultra-Humanite is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, usually as a recurring adversary of Superman.
The Enchantress is a fictional character and a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in the debut issue of The Incredible Hulk.
The character is depicted as the "Supreme Scientist" of the supervillain organization A.I.M..
The series ran 6 issues and spawned a one shot handbook called Giantkiller A to Z: A Field Guide to Big Monsters.
Draaga is a fictional alien character in the DC Comics universe.
Most often Vengeance been an antiheroic foil to Ghost Rider.
He first appeared in Justice League of America #100–101.
In 2008, Valiant released a deluxe hardcover of the Archer & Armstrong origin story, entitled Archer & Armstrong: First Impressions.
Tom Strong, the title character, is a "science hero," with a wife, Dhalua, and a daughter, Tesla, both with enhanced physical and mental abilities and longevity.
Some of the episodes were given credit of Stan Ford.
Hulkling is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Blind Al is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
As Black Cat, she has the subconscious ability to affect probability fields, producing "bad luck" for her enemies.
He lost his powers on 'M Day' and for a time he used technology to give himself sonic based abilities.
Mad Dog was created by Pittsburgh artist Ron Frenz.
The character was created by Mike W. Barr and Jim Aparo.
The most common of the Dwarves are the ones that are based on the dwarves of Norse mythology.
The character also goes by the alias Rachel Roth.
He originated as one of Iron Man's foes, and appeared as a member of the Thunderbolts during the "Dark Reign" and "Heroic Age" eras.
The character makes his first appearance in X-Men: Apocalypse vs. Dracula #1.
He is also the descendant of Kal-El himself.
It can also absorb human brain energy, temporarily taking on the personality of the victim.
Sabbac is the name of two comic book supervillains appearing in Fawcett Comics and/or DC Comics.
Papa Smurf is one of the protagonists from the comic strip the Smurfs.
The third version first appeared in El Diablo #1 and was created by Jai Nitz, Phil Hester and Ande Parks.
Created by artist and writer Barry Windsor-Smith, he first appeared in Archer and Armstrong #8 which was a flip book with Eternal Warrior #8.
He is the oldest founding member of the A.P.N.G.
Archer & Armstrong has been called "The best buddy team book of all time."
Manphibian is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Marsupilami is a comic book character created by André Franquin, first published on 31 January 1952 in the Franco-Belgian comics magazine Spirou.
Shockwave is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Fastback is a superhero who lived on the otherdimensional world of Earth-C, an alternate Earth populated by sentient animals.
The character was created by Staz Johnson and Chuck Dixon and first appeared in Robin #49.
A comic book superhero, Nightrunner first appeared in Detective Comics Annual #12.
She was killed in action shortly into her reign and allowed Diana to reclaim the role as Wonder Woman.
The third Terra debuted in Supergirl #12 and was created by Jimmy Palmiotti, Justin Gray, and Amanda Conner.
The character became openly gay several issues after his introduction.
Brother and sister they are the children of major supporting character SuperPatriot.
The character also appears in annual compilations, mini-series specials written by guest authors and artists, and numerous cross-over story-lines in other comic books.
Mister Atom is a fictional comic book supervillain, a radioactive robot who is regularly seen as an enemy of Captain Marvel.
Sentry is a member of The Jury in the fictional Marvel comic universe.
She has the same name as a male character from the Dark Horse Comics whose secret identity is Stanley Ipkiss.
One of these characters is Bella Donna Boudreaux, commonly associated with the X-Man Gambit.
Unlike many of Batman's enemies, he is not deliberately malevolent.
Harry Delgado is a fictional mutant supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Professor Trevor Bruttenholm  is a fictional character in the comic book series Hellboy, created by Mike Mignola and John Byrne.
He first appeared in Showcase #15 and was created by writers Edmond Hamilton and Gardner Fox and artist Bob Brown.
A second version of the character first appeared in Convergence: Booster Gold #2 as a reborn version of the pre-Flashpoint Booster Gold.
Created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in Tales to Astonish #44.
Franklin's first name comes from Franklin Storm, his maternal grandfather.
Like the Modern Age version of Captain Marvel, Kevin retains the thoughts, memories and consciousness of his thirteen-year-old self as Prime.
A mutant, Loa is a student at the Xavier Institute.
Her appearance was modeled after that of Maleev's wife.
Night Man is also one of the few series to cross over with characters from Larson's previous series.
He was first advertised in the Malibu Sun free promotional magazine in May of 1992.
Their first names have never been given.
The Jaguer first appeared two years after The Fly was introduced.
The Miracle Man is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Wendigo is a fictional monster appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In 2012, he was bonded to the Toxin symbiote.
Dagwood Bumstead is a main character in cartoonist Chic Young's long-running comic strip Blondie.
The character first appeared in Batman #666 and was created by Grant Morrison and Andy Kubert.
Shikari Shambu is one of the characters of Tinkle.
An original character from DC's Milestone Comics imprint, he first appeared in Hardware #1, and was created by Dwayne McDuffie and Denys Cowan.
Shear is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superhero, member of the Strikeforce: Morituri.
Piet Fluwijn en Bolleke was a Belgian gag-a-day comic strip series drawn by Marc Sleen from 1944 until 1965.
He often resents Cyclops' authoritarian attitude and reputation as a model X-Man.
Ghaur is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
This shield is used in many media to symbolize the character.
His first appearance was in X-Factor vol.
She is Barbara Gordon’s best friend, and a transgender woman.
Mentor is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is a criminal mastermind with multiple identities and activities, and is said to be the main antagonist in the series.
They have appeared in publications by Marvel UK, though they have no other relation.
Maria Hill is portrayed by Cobie Smulders in the films The Avengers, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Avengers: Age of Ultron and Avengers: Infinity War.
Abattoir is the alias of Arnold Etchison, a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
Created by editor and plotter Stan Lee, scripter Don Rico, and artist Don Heck, the character first appeared in Tales of Suspense No.
Grant is pretentious, lazy, smug and conceited, and peppers his speech with the word "actually".
Created by Rob Liefeld, he first appeared in Team Youngblood, a spin-off comic of the popular Youngblood series of comic books.
American Dream is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He arrived at an airport where he saved the life of mechanic Tank Tinker, who became his friend and companion.
In 2007, she joined the Fifty State Initiative under the codename Hera.
The first Hellhound appeared as an opponent of Catwoman.
Originally a guardian angel who served Heaven for millions of years, he willingly falls to Earth and becomes a superhero, joining the Justice League.
His first appearance was in New Mutants Annual #7.
The character first appeared in the 1960s as Betty Kane, the Bat-Girl.
Rampage has a distinct appearance, with orange skin, a towering, muscular build, and a fiery red mohawk.
Since then, Smith has remained a generation legacy, and a historical figure in the DC Universe, meeting other heroes in their occasional time travel stories.
Franklin Percy "Foggy" Nelson is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In Greek mythology, it was the home of the god Pan.
She is the sister of fellow Xavier Institute for Higher Learning student Sarah Vale.
Apollo is a fictional character, a comic book superhero who first appeared in the Stormwatch series, but is best known for his role in The Authority.
Andréasson did all the artwork himself until 1975 and wrote all comics until 1990.
Bulletproof is a fictional character a comic book superhero from the Image Comics series Invincible.
Her first appearance was in New X-Men #126, created by Grant Morrison and Frank Quitely.
The Odd Man is a fictional comic book hero created by Steve Ditko.
The Manhattan Guardian is a DC Comics costumed hero.
An African-American doctor, she is primarily affiliated with the superhero Luke Cage and is one of his early love interests.
He is the most powerful hero in the WildStorm universe and bears a strong resemblance to DC's Superman.
The character primarily appears in the "MC2" future of the Marvel Universe.
Invincible is the teenaged son of Omni-Man, an extraterrestrial superhero of the Viltrumite race.
Mantis is a fictional character, a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Brother Voodoo is a fictional character, a supernatural superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Aminedi is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character was created by Peter B. Gillis and Brent Anderson.
He first appeared in Uncanny X-Men Annual #17, in 1993.
It first appeared in Justice League of America #142.
A second special, Sludge: Swamp of Souls, was planned but never completed.
Bizarra first appeared in DC Comics Presents #71, in a story written by E. Nelson Bridwell with art by Curt Swan.
Construct is a fictional character, an artificial intelligence in the DC Universe.
The character is based on the mythical ruler King Arthur whose earliest recorded appearances were in the Annales Cambriae, the Historia Brittonum, and the Y Gododdin.
He first appeared in Mystery Comics #3, published by Nedor Comics.
He is written by many authors as the first son of Batman.
The Magus is a techno-organic patriarch of an alien civilization, and should not be confused with another character called Magus who is associated with Adam Warlock.
She spent her childhood dreaming of following in his footsteps.
The Crow is a fictional character and the protagonist of The Crow comic book series, originally created by American artist James O'Barr in 1989.
Beginning in November 2007, it was published as an online comic series by ComicMix.
Created by writer Chuck Dixon and artist John Romita Jr., the character first appeared in The Punisher War Zone Vol.
June Covington is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Nonetheless, he became the character who represented the setting in the public eye, much as Foxbat has come to epitomize the traditional flavor of Champions.
He is a mutant with the power of telekinesis.
Boomerang is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The most recent portrayal was by Johnny Depp in the 2013 Disney film The Lone Ranger.
In 2009, Doctor Sivana was ranked as IGN's 82nd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
She is based on the being of the same name from Germanic mythology.
Freeze is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman.
The next two characters to take the title were brothers.
The Beacon of Earth-A is a Silver Age character.
Deadshot appears in the fifth volume of the ongoing comic book series Suicide Squad.
He was created by writer Joe Gill and artist Sal Trapani.
Dr. Kavita "Vita" Rao is a fictional character, a geneticist in the Marvel Comics universe of the X-Men.
Freeze is one of Batman's most enduring enemies and belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman's rogues gallery.
He is the estranged son of Iron Man's archenemy, the Mandarin.
The Human Fly is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Blazing Comics, and was created by Chu F. Hing.
He is a long-standing member of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
She thinks of herself as a champion of "wimmin's" rights but is often self-centred and dismissive of the feelings of others.
He first appeared in Captain America vol.
In most incarnations, he is the Editor-in-Chief of the Metropolis newspaper the Daily Star.
He first appeared in New Warriors #2,, and was created by Fabian Nicieza and Mark Bagley.
Created by editor-plotter Stan Lee, writer Ernest Hart and artist Dick Ayers, the character first appeared in Strange Tales #111.
Sayd is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
The title character was played on the radio show by George Seaton, Earle Graser, and Brace Beemer.
Oddball is the name of two supervillains in Marvel Comics.
Some sources state that he is actually Cable's son.
She first appeared in X-Men: Deadly Genesis #3 as one of the "Missing X-Men".
Flash Bomba is a Filipino comic book character created by Mars Ravelo.
His overwhelming strength, speed, and ruthlessness make him one of the most dangerous foes in the DC Universe.
He is a sentient robot from the world of NEW-GEN, and a member of the A.P.N.G.
The characters appeared in the series Spider-Girl.
Ub'x was named after the famed Walt Disney animator Ub Iwerks.
Catherine Jane "Cat" Grant is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Superman.
Shock Gibson is among the public domain characters Image Comics revived in an anthology title, The Next Issue Project in 2007.
3 #8, and was created by Judd Winick and Tom Raney in 2004 as a nemesis for both Junior and the Outsiders superhero team.
The weapons master is specifically responsible for maintaining control of any weapon props.
Warblade is a comic book character from DC Comics/Wildstorm.
Dorrek VII is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
An Irish mutant, Banshee possesses a "sonic scream", capable of harming enemies’ auditory systems and causing physical vibrations.
The title paid homage to the original character's 1959 debut.
The character, created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, first appeared in Fantastic Four #18.
Warblade starred in two of his own miniseries, Warblade: Endangered Species in 1995 and The Razors Edge: Warblade in 2004/2005.
He was created by Gardner Fox and Joe Kubert, and first appeared in The Brave and the Bold #34, titled "Creature of a Thousand Shapes".
Kid Colt is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Similar but unrelated characters appeared in comics stories published by Skywald in the 1970s and Image Comics in the 1990s.
Blaze and Satanus are fictional demonic siblings published by DC Comics.
He was created by artist Maurice Scott, who drew it through issue #11, and an unknown writer.
Fireman Farrell is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
The graphic novel was repackaged one more time, with the addition of a Vanth Dreadstar story from Epic Illustrated #18, by Slave Labor Graphics..
The Blue Blade is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character was created by Steve Gerber and Ross Andru for the 1973 comic book Shanna the She-Devil.
Dressed in a hockey uniform and cape, and accompanied by a performing monkey named Squeeks, he fights crime to avenge his parents' deaths.
In 2000s comics, Blaze again became the Ghost Rider, succeeding Ketch.
Devil-Slayer is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Linda Park is a fictional character in the DC Universe.
Sprocket is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics Universe where she was primarily a pilot for the superhero team the New Warriors.
Julia Kapatelis and her daughter Vanessa "Nessie" Kapatelis are fictional characters created by writer/artist George Pérez for the Wonder Woman ongoing series published by DC Comics.
As with many other Marvel 2099 characters, Hulk 2099 was a futuristic re-imagining of the original Hulk.
Evil Star is the name of two supervillains appearing in DC Comics publications.
Cockney Wanker is a character created by Graham Dury and Simon Thorpe in Viz based on a stereotyped male Cockney.
From his first introduction in 1938 to the mid-1980s, "Clark Kent" was seen mostly as a disguise for Superman, enabling him to mix with ordinary people.
With one set of equipment, the train initially operated once a week from both Chicago and Los Angeles.
He appeared in Lion between 26 June 1965 and 26 April 1969 and was reprinted in Vulcan.
Goofy debuted in animated cartoons, starting in 1932 with Mickey's Revue as Dippy Dawg, who is older than Goofy would come to be.
Thus, he now wears a suit and tie instead of a costume, and is also known as Director Bones.
Created by Dale Keown, he first appeared in Pitt #1.
However, though the two canine crime fighters do share some similarities, they are decidedly different.
Captain America was the first Marvel Comics character to have appeared in media outside comics with the release of the 1944 movie serial, Captain America.
He is a master of every form of martial arts to have been developed by the 31st century.
Katherine Anne is Created by Dave Cockrum and first appeared in The X-Men #108.
Ivar the Timewalker is a character in the Valiant Comics universe.
X-23 is the cloned daughter of Wolverine, created to be the perfect killing machine.
Icemaiden is a fictional character, a comic book superheroine in the DC Comics universe.
One of his experiments led to the brain of Adolf Hitler being copied into a being later known as Hate-Monger.
Threshold is a fictional supervillain from the Gen¹³ and DV8 comic books, published by Wildstorm.
The character was introduced during the "Planet Hulk" storyline.
Queen Bee is the name of six different DC Comics supervillains.
NM-E is a comic book villain that appeared in the Malibu Comics' Ultraverse book Hardcase, created by James Hudnall.
Deadman is a fictional character, a comic book superhero in the DC Comics universe.
Falcons are widely distributed on all continents of the world except Antarctica.
His one Golden Age story was reprinted in The Twelve #0.
At the beginning of the series, he becomes a police officer and battles the mutant criminal "superfreaks" that terrorize Chicago.
He was originally depicted as a stage magician with megalomaniacal desires, capable of convincing others through hypnosis that he has amazing powers.
According to the writers, the story was to serve as a message about intolerance.
Omega Red is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, most commonly in association with the X-Men.
She was created by Oscar Pinto, Giovanni Barberi, and F.G. Haghenbeck.
Karate Kid is a fictional character, a superhero in the future of the DC Comics universe, and a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Lara is a fictional character who appears in Superman comics published by DC Comics.
His first appearance was in X-Factor vol.
Mongul is the name of two fictional characters that appear in comic books published by DC Comics.
His real name is Toshio Eto, and he is of Japanese descent.
Omega Sentinel is a fictional character associated with the X-Men and its spinoff Excalibur.
Corsair is a fictional character, a star-faring hero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Black Racer is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Omertà is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Universe.
The character is a founding member of the Justice League, goddess, and Ambassador-at-Large of the Amazonian people.
She is a martial artist created by writer Chuck Dixon and artist Staz Johnson, and she first appeared in Robin #49.
Master Man could not fly but was super strong and could run at extreme speeds, faster than an automobile.
Henri Ducard is a fictional comic book character appearing in books published by DC Comics, usually as a supporting character in stories featuring Batman.
The Huntress, also known as Helena Rosa Bertinelli, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Unlike other sword-and-sorcery heroines, Valda is practically dressed in a full mail shirt, flat-heeled boots and leather trousers.
Nagraj is a fictional superhero appearing in Raj Comics,.
The Rocketeer's secret identity is Cliff Secord, a stunt pilot who discovers a mysterious jetpack that allows him to fly.
The Arkham Knight harbors a deep-rooted grudge against Batman, and fully intends to kill him after making him suffer.
In his original appearances, Doctor Psycho demonstrated a command over the occult and was able to harness supernatural energies.
Tommy Jagger is a fictional character in the DC Universe.
Orca is the name of two fictional characters in DC Comics.
Octobriana is a Russian comic superheroine created by Petr Sadecký and based on the artistic works of Bohumil Konečný and Zdeněk Burian.
In 2009, Kang was ranked as IGN's 65th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
It was written by Larry Hama between 1989 and 1990, based largely on his success writing the G.I.
The characters were usually depicted as members of incarnations of the supervillain group, the Zodiac.
In 2009, Violator was ranked as IGN's 97th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Her real name is Rachel Goldman, and she is a member of the super human team DV8.
The character appears in stories set in the Marvel Universe, commonly in association with the X-Men.
Fans have often raised the demand to convert Dhruva into a Bollywood movie character
She makes her first appearance in X-Men: Apocalypse vs. Dracula #2.
Geomancer is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Realising the gravity of the threat, McGruder finally authorised Shojun's assassination, but not in time.
Wysper is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe.
She even announces this to the readers at the start of the album "De Nerveuze Nerviërs".
Scorpion is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The airline operates scheduled regional domestic and international services, as well as a domestic cargo service.
The series is set in Medieval Europe and includes elements of sword-and-sorcery.
Kevin had reality warping and possession powers and lived most of his life in forced seclusion at his mother’s Muir Island research facility.
Richard John "Dick" Grayson is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Batman.
JJ is the grandson of J. Jonah Jameson and the son of John Jameson.
Lyla Lerrol is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Doctor Mid-Nite is a fictional superhero physician in DC Comics.
He also had the Aquaman-style telepathic ability to mentally communicate with and command all animals, including those from alien worlds.
Actor T. J. Miller portrays Weasel in the 2016 feature film Deadpool.
He first appeared in Detective Comics #479, and was created by Len Wein and Rich Buckler.
He first appeared in Batman #226 and was created by Frank Robbins, Irv Novick, and Dick Giordano.
Will Magnus, a scientist character in the DC Comics universe
The first iteration was an antihero character appearing in the Flash series of comics.
is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
It was later revealed to be able to form mutualism with a host, bestowing its power to a host willingly.
Virtuoso is a fictional character, a supervillain in the DC Universe.
1, #19, published by Marvel predecessor Timely Comics during the 1940s period fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books.
The minimalism of the shapes was in strong contrast with the detailed and carefully consistent backgrounds and story.
Created by Rob Liefeld, he first appeared in Youngblood #1.
Primarily associated with Genis-Vell of Earth, he was first mentioned in Captain Marvel vol.
It was written by Alan Grant and John Wagner.
Zsazsa Zaturnnah or Zaturnnah, attracted considerable attention from Philippine media in the years following her first appearance and currently enjoys a cult fanbase.
They follow the orders of series villain The Shredder, leader of the Foot Clan.
In addition, the name "Robin" is not taken on by later characters.
The main character is the eponymous "troll bear", encountering adventures in the forest, and occasionally the town nearby.
In 1976, Marvel revealed via retroactive continuity that Mace had become the third Captain America some time after his World War II era adventures.
As Kingdom Come is an Elseworlds series, McCay has not been seen in the regular DC Universe continuity since.
The Darkness is an American comic book series published by Top Cow Productions.
Avengelyne more recently returned to comics in the Arcana Studio one-shot Avengelyne vs. Koni Waves in February 2010.
It aimed to purify, mature, and perfect certain objects.
Milou, Snowy's original French name, was the nickname of Hergé's first girlfriend.
Nitro is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Mighty Man is a fictional hero created by Erik Larsen some years before he began drawing professional comics, possibly in his adolescence.
The character was portrayed by Tao Okamoto in the 2016 film Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Artist Dean Ormston based the character of Elaine on Vertigo editor Shelly Bond, her best friend Mona was based on Dean's wife Fiona Stephenson.
In civilian life, he is a costume-designer at the Spotlight Costume Shop in New York City.
Stryke reorganizes the Society into Serpent Solutions.
Wildfire is a fictional DC Comics superhero.
Mictlantecuhtli is a fictional character appearing in the independent comic book series, El Muerto: The Aztec Zombie, published under the Los Comex imprint.
The character was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby as one of the first enemies of the Fantastic Four.
His origin was told in Daring Mystery 70th Anniversary Special, and his Golden Age story was again reprinted.
The second Black Condor, Ryan Kendall, gained the power of flight due to genetic manipulation and initially did not believe he was a super hero.
Biotrog was a character in a weekly Filipino comics magazine.
The Tornado Twins are superheroes in the DC Comics Universe.
Box is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, specifically Alpha Flight, of which Box was a member.
In later years, writers have portrayed Two-Face's obsession with chance and fate as the result of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and dissociative identity disorder.
The character is depicted as a god in the Olympian pantheon based on the legendary Olympian god.
Whiteout is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe.
It was first published in the magazine "Hora Cero" in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1957.
There is also a Japanese mathematician named Goro Shimura, a comedian Ken Shimura and an actor Takashi Shimura.
Varga is a Filipino comics superheroine, similar to the American Wonder Woman.
His appearance is a homage to the character Mr. Toad in the novel The Wind in the Willows.
His first appearance was in Superman Annual #12.
Maxi-Man is the name of two DC Comics heroes.
A conflicting sense of responsibility to his own family, however, combine with reminders of his own mortality to make him question his superheroic mission.
Gamemnae is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe, who was an enemy of the Justice League.
They were created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, the creators of Superman.
In later years, the pair transferred to Glengow Rangers where they were later joined by McWhacker.
Piledriver is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In Pre-Crisis continuity, Kangas were alien beings brought to Paradise Island by a tribe of star-faring Amazons who called themselves the Sky Riders of Nebulosa.
"The Spirit Section", as the insert was popularly known, continued until October 5, 1952.
DeMatteis and Ryan Sook, he first appeared in The Spectre Vol.
Tiger, also known as Avatar, is a fictional comic book character created by Charlton Comics and now published by DC Comics.
He appears in the 2014 live-action film Guardians of the Galaxy and its 2017 sequel, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.
In 1999, Lee sold Wildstorm to DC Comics, and ownership of all Wildstorm characters, including Zealot, transferred to DC Comics.
Blade II was released on March 22, 2002, and was a box office success grossing over $155 million.
Starting in 1939, Goofy was given his own series of shorts that were popular in the 1940s and early 1950s.
Hogun the Grim is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is the son of Isaiah Bradley, the black Captain America, and the uncle of Elijah Bradley, the Patriot.
Her voice is little more than a whisper, and she has no odor, but her shadow smells musky and pungent, like the skin of a snake.
The character was portrayed by Christopher Eccleston in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Thor: The Dark World.
He is an intelligent, anthropomorphic raccoon, who is an expert marksman and master tactician.
Animal Man is a fictional character, a superhero in the DC Comics Universe.
Kismet, also known as Paragon, Her, and Ayesha, is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In 2009, Clayface was ranked as IGN's 73rd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Using the costume he planned to rob the museum where he worked as a guard, but was stopped by White Tiger and the Human Fly.
Ocean Master will make his cinematic debut in the forthcoming 2018 feature film, Aquaman, where he will be portrayed by Patrick Wilson.
Master Man is the name of three fictional characters that appear in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Pinky the Whiz Kid is a fictional character, a comic book superhero published by DC Comics.
He is a sarcastic, drug-addicted, foul-mouthed, troubled, bitter, but brilliant gonzo journalist with a deep-seated hatred of authority, political corruption, and dogs.
Muhammad X is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
Red Beetle first appeared in Justice Society of America #48, and was created by Marc Guggenheim and Scott Kolins.
He first appeared in All-Star Squadron #25, and was created by Roy Thomas and Jerry Ordway.
Her first appearance was in Invincible #1(January 2003) and was created by Robert Kirkman and Cory Walker.
Like most Golden Age heroes, Starman fell into obscurity in the 1950s.
She first appeared in Kingdom Come #3.
He became popular in the 1961 syndicated animated cartoon series of the popular comic strip, but has since been criticised as a stereotype.
Superwoman is the name of several fictional characters from DC Comics.
Betty Clawman is a fictional superhero and disembodied cosmic force in the DC Comics shared universe.
Windeagle is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Chase Stein, is a fictional character, a superhero in the Marvel Comics Runaways.
Starting in Invincible #71, an 8-part backup series ran, continuing the storyline from the original series.
She and her brother Slipstream were briefly members of the segment of X-Men featured in the series X-Treme X-Men.
John Law is a fictional character created by writer-artist Will Eisner in 1948.
He first appeared as Brooklyn in Detective Comics #64, and first appeared as Dan Turpin in New Gods #5.
He was discovered by the Allied Forces; amongst them, Professor Trevor Bruttenholm, who formed the United States Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense.
2 #21, and was created by Karl Kesel and Barbara Kesel.
Zsazsa Zaturnnah is a fictional comic book superheroine created by Filipino illustrator and graphic designer Carlo Vergara in December 2002.
The second novel, Cape Crisis, was published in 2010.
The character was ranked 37th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Due to Constantine having the demon Negral's blood in his veins at this time, Tefe is also part demon.
Ceasing to be published after 1946, she was revived and updated in 1984 as a central character in the Femforce comic-book series published by A.C. Comics.
Silver Fox is a former love interest for Wolverine, and currently works for the terrorist organization HYDRA.
Aura is the code name of the Malibu Comics superheroine Morgan DuBay.
is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman.
An unrelated supervillain called the Blue Diamond appears as an antagonist in Timely's The Human Torch #11.
The popularity of superheroes waned following the war and the Captain America comic book was discontinued in 1950, with a short-lived revival in 1953.
April O'Neil is a fictional character from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comics and all related media.
Cupid is a fictional comic book character.
The character influenced the creation and origin of Charlton Comics' 1960s superhero Peter Cannon, Thunderbolt, as well as Marvel Comics' Iron Fist character in the 1970s.
After more cars had been delivered the Super Chief ran twice weekly beginning in 1938 and daily after 1948.
In the film she becomes one of the members of the Hellfire Club and later joins Magneto's Brotherhood of Mutants.
In #5 The Jaguar would team up with Mr. Justice and Steel Sterling as the "Terrific Three".
Genis-Vell, also known as Legacy, Captain Marvel, and Photon, is a fictional superhero turned supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character reached the peak of his popularity in the 1980s with the series Anak ni Zuma in Aliwan Komiks magazine.
E-Man is a comic-book character, a superhero created by writer Nicola Cuti and artist Joe Staton for the American company Charlton Comics in 1973.
Its size and strength depend on the amount of electricity absorbed.
Black Panther is depicted as the king and protector of Wakanda, a fictional African nation.
'Mazing Man is the title character of a comic book series created by Bob Rozakis and Stephen DeStefano and published by DC Comics.
He sometimes collaborates his efforts with other villains such as Callisto, Omega Red, Apocalypse, and Mister Sinister.
In 2008, Marvel.com named Gert's death as the sixth out of ten best deaths in Marvel Comics history.
From 1974 to 1979, the television series Zatoichi was produced, starring Katsu and some of the same stars that appeared in the films.
She is the wife of villain Mr.
The Lone Ranger is a fictional masked former Texas Ranger who fought outlaws in the American Old West with his Native American friend, Tonto.
His back-story was based on Greek mythology.
Robin Hood is a fictional character, a comic book Outlaw published by DC Comics.
Eon is one of the fictional cosmic entities appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The most unusual thing about Dhruva is that, unlike most other superheroes, he doesn't have an alter ego and doesn't hide his identity behind a mask.
Her first appearance was in District X #1.
Sin is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Although the character originally appeared as a villain, she would later have a brief stint as an X-Man.
The character first appears in Marvel Premiere #13 and was created by Steve Englehart, Neal Adams and Frank Brunner.
Fire is a fictional character, a comic book superheroine from the DC Comics universe.
The character is usually seen in the X-Men series and various spin-offs.
He first appeared in Legion of Super-Heroes #294, and is often depicted as a member of the Legion of Super-Villains.
She is a former member of the Suicide Squad, the Teen Titans and its counterpart, Titans East.
The character was voiced by David Warner in Batman: The Animated Series, which became his first appearance in media other than the comic books.
Rat kings occur so rarely that they have sometimes been thought to be cryptids, but there are several well-attested modern occurrences.
He first appeared in JSA #23, and was created by David S. Goyer, Geoff Johns, and Stephen Sadowski.
The series lasted 17 issues, all of which were published under Marvel's Star Comics imprint.
These versions of the character have starred in several series of various durations.
She is the fourth character to use the name White Tiger.
Created by co-plotters Roy Thomas and Neal Adams, scriptwriter Gerry Conway, and penciller Adams, the character first appeared in Amazing Adventures vol.
It tells about the story of a cybernetic anti-heroine, Katrina Cupertino, who carries the consciousness of Yamiko Gamorra.
Omni-Man is a fictional character, a superhero, supervillain and anti-hero in the Image Comics Universe.
The character is the daughter of Swamp Thing and Abby Arcane Holland.
He is also known by the nickname The Sightless Assassin, due to his lack of human eyes.
He first appeared in DC One Million #1 in 1998.
Both have been members of the Rogues.
Gonzo the Mechanical Bastard is a fictional character, a robot supervillain in the DC Universe.
She is a caricature of a left-wing militant feminist.
Viper's ploy to take control of the United States was foiled by Captain America and members of the Society still loyal to Sidewinder.
Caligula, Tiberius' grand-nephew and adopted grandson, succeeded Tiberius upon his death.
Chambers, who first used the superhero name Jesse Quick and later Liberty Belle, is the daughter of Golden Age heroes Johnny Quick and Liberty Belle.
In 2013, Dupuis bought Marsu Productions and its characters, thereby allowing a new production of Spirou and Fantasio adventures including Marsupilami.
The Prowler is a fictional character, appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Geo-Force is a fictional superhero character appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
Ikaris is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Fastback is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe, an anthropomorphic turtle.
She was created by Jim Shooter and Mike Zeck.
She also has retractable adamantium-coated bone claws in her hands and feet.
He first appears in New Teen Titans #114, and was created by Marv Wolfman and Rick Mays.
In 2009, Mystique was ranked as IGN's 18th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
The character is depicted as a member of the Heliopolitan race of gods.
She remained a regular member of that team for a long time, until the events of Graduation Day when the Titans were disbanded by Nightwing.
The Spirit chronicles the adventures of a masked vigilante who fights crime with the blessing of the city's police commissioner Dolan, an old friend.
She is a supporting character of Batman.
She is described both as existing in every reality and being able to shift between realities.
On a finger of her left hand she wears a ring with a hook attached to it, with which she habitually carves her flesh.
Numerous other characters have used the name, often with differing motives and loyalties.
Force is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Zeus is her father, and Apollo is her brother.
He leads the Starjammers and is best known as the father of X-Men superheroes Cyclops and Havok, and the supervillain Vulcan.
He has mainly appeared in Hulk related comic books over the years and was one of the featured characters in the Marvel NOW!
He is a frequent ally of the team.
Created by writer Scott Lobdell and artist Chris Bachalo, she originally was a member of the teenage mutant group Generation X, and later X-Factor and X-Men.
The body possesses red diamond-like skin and rarely speaks.
Hammerhead distinguishes himself from other villains in that he dresses up and acts somewhat like a gangster from the 1920s.
Selby is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
There are two incarnations of the character: the first and most well-known is of Miles Warren, while the second, Ben Reilly, later becomes the Scarlet Spider.
Kulafu was one of the earliest comic book heroes in the Philippines.
The character is the devoted partner of Savant, and mostly appears in the Birds of Prey comic book.
Created by Christopher Priest and Denys Cowan, the character first appeared in Steel #37.
Kang the Conqueror is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He was created by Robert Kirkman and Ryan Ottley; his mutated form was designed by Cory Walker.
Two months later, she was dropped from her role as a UN Ambassador following a petition.
Slipstream is a fictional character in Marvel Comics universe.
He is interchangeably also known as Roald Bushman.
Inferno is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Pinky Butler debuted in Wow Comics #1, and was created by France Herron and Jack Kirby.
He was created by Steve Gerber, R.R.
He first appeared in Villains United #1, and was created by Gail Simone and Dale Eaglesham.
The Clown is the name of three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In issue #25 of the series, the character, whose powers had been erased in the previous issue, obtained different powers.
"Spider-Man" is the name of several fictional characters in the Marvel Universe.
In 2011, IGN ranked Magneto as the greatest comic book villain of all time.
Arisia is a humanoid alien with golden-yellow skin, hair and eyes, and has pointed, elven ears.
She first uses the moniker "Mockingbird" in Marvel Team-Up #95, and goes on to be a member of several Avengers teams.
The Spirit of '76 is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Tharok and the Fatal Five were introduced in Adventure Comics #352, and were created by Jim Shooter.
Bison is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She is the granddaughter of the original Red Tornado and a member of the Justice Society of America.
Tigra is a fictional character, appearing in the New Gods comic books published by DC Comics.
His paternal grandmother, Iris West Allen, is also the adoptive aunt of the first Kid Flash, Wally West.
At one point, Alistair used a wheelchair, but he later gained the ability to walk after transforming himself into what he called the Ultimate Spider-Slayer.
The character is portrayed in the Marvel Cinematic Universe by Ray Stevenson in the films Thor and Thor: The Dark World.
Midnighter is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by WildStorm, which later became an imprint of DC Comics.
The character of King Arthur was made popular by Geoffrey of Monmouth's second major work, the Historia Regum Britanniae,
She took to the heavens before the fall of the Elder Gods and their degeneration into malevolent demons.
Lambik is a middle-aged, fairly fat man who is bald, except for three small hairs behind each of his ears.
The Falcon appeared on the cover of Daring Mystery Comics #5.
Pixie, a member of the Marvel Comics group of mutants known as the Morlocks
She is a teenage member of the student body at the Xavier Institute and a recurring member of the X-Men.
It claimed to be "The Train of the Stars" because of the celebrities it carried between Chicago, Illinois, and Los Angeles, California.
She is best known as being Batman's first significant romantic interest.
Pestilence is a comic book supervillain who has battled the Canadian super-team Alpha Flight.
Spencer Smythe is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Sasha Bordeaux was created by Greg Rucka and Shawn Martinbrough, and first appeared in Detective Comics #751.
2 #22, and was created by Neil Gaiman and Kelley Jones.
She is an attractive young woman with long dark hair, who is usually drawn wearing either a combat uniform or a green camouflage swimsuit.
She-Hulk has been a member of the Avengers, the Fantastic Four, Heroes for Hire, the Defenders, Fantastic Force, and S.H.I.E.L.D.
Crystal is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Transonic is a fictional comic book superhero appearing in books published by Marvel Comics.
In 2009, Grigori Rasputin was ranked as IGN's 83rd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Marco is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
Livewire is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Valiant Comics.
Roulette is a supervillainess in the DC Comics universe.
Gleek is a fictional character appearing in the animated series Super Friends and its related spinoffs.
The Red Guardian is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Sugar Man first appeared during "Age of Apocalypse", an event that caused Marvel Universe's history to diverge.
Aron the Rogue Watcher is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Though she was not originally from the Celestial Zone, Xing Ling managed to emerge as one of the strongest characters by the end of first volume.
In addition to fighting the X-Men, he has clashed with Deadpool a number of times.
In 2009, Brainiac was ranked as IGN's 17th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Atalon was the leader of the Fire People, an underground-dwelling race with incredibly advanced technology.
Cecil Stedman is a fictional character, a United States government operative in the Image Comics Universe.
The character is loosely based on the pulp hero published by "Thrilling" at the same time that was called The Ghost/Ghost Detective/Green Ghost.
Before the revelation of Widget's true identity, she was consistently referred to with masculine pronouns.
The character often battled Thanos, and on occasion the superheroes Captain Marvel and Adam Warlock.
The name Klaatu was borrowed from the central character of The Day the Earth Stood Still.
The Controller is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In spite of being a witch, she glorified the mod lifestyle, was very proud of her fishnet stockings and electric cauldron that heats automatically.
Gazelle is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She was ranked 28th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Eventually, Femforce was able to expunge the V-45 from her system and restore Joan's normal personality.
Her first appearance was in Lady Death: Between Heaven and Hell #3.
Thog the Nether-Spawn, Overmaster of Sominus is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Ming the Merciless is a character who first appeared in the Flash Gordon comic strip in 1934.
Nahrees is a fictional character/superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Crime Doctor is the name of two fictional supervillains that appears in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Scimitar is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She oversaw three pulp-style adventures for the last three issues, but the magazine was cancelled in 1949.
In 2006, the character was introduced to the main DC Universe.
The Doctor is the name of several fictional characters in the Wildstorm Universe.
The highly successful Conan the Barbarian series spawned the more adult, black-and-white Savage Sword of Conan in 1974.
Morg is a fictional supervillain published by Marvel Comics universe, appearing as a herald of Galactus.
Sylvester Stallone plays Stakar in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, with his first appearance being in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.
The property was optioned for a TV show in 2002.
Sonny Sumo is a fictional sumo wrestler, a comic book superhero published by DC Comics.
He is a heroic character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Thing was named Empire magazine's tenth of "The 50 Greatest Comic Book Characters" in 2008.
However, his uncontrollable power has brought him into conflict with his fellow heroes and others.
The latest Blockbuster first appeared in the pages of the series 52 wherein he is directed into battle against Lex Luthors team of superheroes, Infinity, Inc.
Mallen is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Connor is the son of Oliver Queen, the original Green Arrow, and his former girlfriend Sandra "Moonday" Hawke.
Nathaniel "Nate" Grey is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly in association with the X-Men.
Steppin' Razor is a fictional vampire character, owned by Marvel Comics.
In 2008, Sinister was ranked #6 at Marvel.com on their list of Top 10 X-Men villains.
His stupidity or his virtue of being an ignoramus has cost him many a job.
The character is a brutally sadistic kingpin in Gotham City's criminal underworld who has a fixation with masks.
Elaine Belloc is a fictional character in the DC/Vertigo Comics series Lucifer created by Mike Carey.
She attempted to kill Supergirl's fellow female Legionnaires so she could sustain her independent existence.
By the end of the 1990s, Avengelyne had been used in comics by Awesome Entertainment and Avatar Press.
A local publishing company created a comics parody of the game entitled Kick Fighter.
Olivia Williams played a minor role of Dr. Moira MacTaggert in X-Men: The Last Stand.
Baymax is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She often refers to men as "phallocrats" and "potential rapists" or just "rapists", referring to other women as "fellow lesbians" regardless of their sexual orientation.
Aurora and Northstar worked together for years as part of Alpha Flight, including dealing with Beaubier's struggles with her personality disorders.
His first appearance was in Fantastic Four series 1 #142,, and he was created by Gerry Conway and Rich Buckler.
Doctor Strange is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Originally a supporting character who played a pivotal role in the "American Gothic" Swamp Thing storyline, Constantine received his own comic in 1988.
The book's eponymous main character is the merged form of Catholic priest Daniel Kilgore, and the ghost of his murdered secret agent brother, Kurt.
The character has been used in stories through the years by many people, most notably Chris Claremont, Alan Davis, and Alan Moore.
They were created by writer Geoff Johns and artist Ethan Van Sciver.
Morlun is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Hobie Brown has appeared in various animations and video games.
Reptilla is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Nelvana of the Northern Lights is Canada’s first distinctly Canadian female superhero.
Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko, he first appeared in Tales to Astonish #61.
Chemical King is the name of two fictional characters in the DC Comics universe.
Agatha has been depicted as one of the original witches from the Salem witch trials in Salem, Massachusetts.
Despite Hank McCoy's inhuman appearance, he is depicted as a brilliant, well-educated man in the arts and sciences, known for his witty sense of humor.
Paladin is a fictional character, a mercenary appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Sunpyre) is a fictional character of the Marvel Universe associated with the X-Men.
Jack Starsmore is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics universe.
Batroc is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Like all of the brothers, he is named after a Renaissance artist; in this case, he is named after Michelangelo Buonarroti.
Helix is a fictional character, a mutate superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Joe: A Real American Hero comic, which he wrote concurrently with The Nth Man.
His real name is derived from the biblical figure Jonah who also survived being swallowed by a "large fish".
Deathlok is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The word "petra" means "rocky" in Latin, and "stone" in Greek.
Karma was one of the five founding members of the New Mutants, along with Cannonball, Mirage, Sunspot and Wolfsbane.
Chord was the mentor of Night Thrasher and the New Warriors.
She was a member of the Teen Titans and is a member of the Doom Patrol.
According to Warren Ellis' series proposal, he stated that the Captain was pretty much every pointless character who utilized "Captain" in his codename.
Iron Butterfly is a fictional comic book character distributed by DC Comics and is the field commander of the Shadow Cabinet.
Mark Hazzard: Merc was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics under their New Universe imprint.
Strange: the Oath, it was revealed that Wong stems from a family of monks living in Kamar-Taj.
Hub is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe.
The character first appeared in More Fun Comics #56.
Ape-Man is the name of three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character first appeared in The New Adventures of Superboy #34, and was created by Bob Rozakis and Kurt Schaffenberger.
Gambit is known to charge playing cards and other objects with kinetic energy, using them as explosive projectiles.
Plasma is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
Outlaw is the name of two different characters in Marvel Comics.
However, in her original comic incarnation, Karai was completely unrelated to the Shredder and was actually higher in the Foot Clan's global hierarchy.
Where Eros serves as the superhero Starfox, he is opposed by his mad brother, the supervillain Thanos.
The first host of the Toxin symbiote is former NYPD police officer Patrick Mulligan.
Turbo is the name of two fictional characters in the Marvel Comics universe.
In all her World's Finest Comics appearances she is referred to as Hyanthis.
One of the original X-Men, Beast has appeared regularly in X-Men-related comics since his debut.
The Living Monolith is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
As part of the Guardians Yondu traveled to present day Earth and became an honorary member of the Avengers.
Erik Josten, also known as Power Man, Smuggler, Goliath and Atlas, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Don Heck, she first appeared in Tales of Suspense #45.
Sylvester Pemberton, alternately known as The Star-Spangled Kid and Skyman, is a fictional superhero in the DC Comics universe.
The show has been broadcast in Bengali, English, Hindi, Nepali and Urdu.
It was first published and until recently was published by Il Vernacoliere, a satirical monthly magazine printed in Livorno, Italy.
She is a fictional character from DC Comics' Supergirl series.
The Masked Man is a fictional comic book crime-fighter created by B.C.
The character was later revived by writer Alan Moore for America's Best Comics.
The character was later obtained by DC Comics, though by that time he had already lapsed into the public domain.
Avengelyne is an angel who fights the forces of evil and often finds herself face-to-face with demons and monsters.
The character has been featured in the series Alpha Flight.
The Trapster is the name of two supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Malice Vundabar is a fictional extraterrestrial published by DC Comics.
However, he recently returned, once again as the Lord of Time, in the The Brave and the Bold series.
He is depicted, in many ways, to be a reincarnation of Genghis Khan.
Lemuel Dorcas is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Rhapsody is a fictional character, a mutant supervillainess in the Marvel Comics universe.
He is a martial arts master who first appeared in Dragon's Fists, a novel by Dennis O'Neil and Jim Berry, starring Richard Dragon.
Solar is an American fictional comic book superhero created by writer Paul S. Newman, editor Matt Murphy, and artist Bob Fujitani.
He was created by writer Dave Wood and artist Lee Elias.
Bengal is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Magno is a fictional superhero originally published by Quality Comics.
She first appeared in Action Comics #26, in the feature "Tex Thomson".
As a result of his father's wedding to May Parker, Jameson and Peter Parker are related by marriage.
Turytt is a fictional character featured in comic books published by DC Comics.
Crossbones is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, usually depicted as an adversary of the superhero Captain America.
The mini-series, both of four issues each, appeared in 1984 and 1985.
Aquarius is the name of different fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Root credits the artist William Stout, as well as the Playboy cartoon feature Little Annie Fanny, as his inspirations for the character.
Secret is a fictional character, a superheroine in the DC Comics universe.
The eponymous heroine is a highly sympathetic 50th-century everywoman, and the tone of the strip runs from the comic to the poignant.
Dick instead married Barbara Gordon and lived an ordinary life until Darkseid's second invasion forced him to learn survival skills from Ted Grant.
Charlotte Jones is a fictional character, a latent mutant appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
His adventures were serialized in the series Ang Panday in Filipino Komiks in the 1970s.
In 2013, Kyle Rayner placed 14th on IGN's Top 25 Heroes of DC Comics.
Javelynn is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by John Byrne, the character made her first appearance in Uncanny X-Men #120.
2 #49 it was revealed that Pamela Greenwood, a waitress who had appeared two years before in Uncanny X-Men #299, was in fact Fatale in disguise.
Die-Cut then co-starred in another miniseries, Die-Cut vs G-Force, before receiving his own Die-Cut limited series in November 1993.
His primary signature weapon is his effective bō staff.
Jolen is a fictional character, and a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Atomic Knight is a DC Comics superhero and was briefly a member of the Outsiders team.
She was one of the featured characters in the first volume of Alpha Flight and also featured in the fourth volume of Alpha Flight.
It was a retcon story, written as if she had been a superhero and member of the Justice League for years.
Darkhawk is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Like his mentor Green Arrow, Roy is a world-class archer and athlete who uses his exceptional marksmanship to fight crime.
It was developed for television by Glen A. Larson.
Starbolt is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The second was created by Jodi Picoult and Drew Johnson and first appeared in Wonder Woman #6.
The fan base in Brazil is especially large, but it is very popular also in Finland, Norway, Greece, Turkey, Croatia, France, Tamil Nadu, Serbia and Spain.
Wiser than wisdom, kind as Galahad is Master Man, the wonder of the world!
He has often been shown in conflict with the Fantastic Four and the Avengers and is an enemy of the Black Panther and Ka-Zar.
Dikan is a Serbian and Yugoslav comic strip.
Shang-Chi is a fictional character, often called the "Master of Kung Fu", appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Neophyte is a fictional mutant super villain in the Marvel Comics universe and a member of the Acolytes.
Adri Nital is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Belasco is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is aided by a magical amulet.
The character was primarily featured in the Marvel 2099 series Doom 2099.
On 3 December 2011, it started operations as LAN Colombia.
Among those who took on the role in the big screen are Edna Luna, Vilma Santos, Alma Moreno, Alice Dixson, and Charlene Gonzales.
Super-Turtle is a fictional character from DC Comics, created by Henry Boltinoff; he's depicted as a bipedal anthropomorphic turtle wearing a cape like Superman's.
Krauss is a disembodied ectoplasmic spirit with psychic abilities, who inhabits a containment suit, without which his form would eventually dissipate and be lost forever.
He is the son of Nero in the eponymous Belgian comic strip series The Adventures of Nero by Marc Sleen and one of the main protagonists.
J2 once had his own series, which lasted for twelve issues.
The two have a mutual respect and tacit friendship.
Tintin has a sharp intellect, can defend himself, and is honest, decent, compassionate, and kind.
The character first appeared in Secret Wars vol.
Stegron the Dinosaur Man is a Marvel Comics super-villain, primarily an antagonist of Spider-Man.
He first appears in 52 #26, and was created by Geoff Johns, Greg Rucka, Grant Morrison, Mark Waid, Keith Giffen and Pat Olliffe.
The character is one of Batman's most enduring enemies and belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman's rogues gallery.
Madam Pheip also adopted two children, Petoetje, and Petatje.
The character was later introduced into The CW's Arrowverse, where he was portrayed by Casper Crump.
First appearing in Big Bang Comics #1, he was created by Gary Carlson and drawn by his partner Chris Ecker, among others.
The character first appeared in Fantastic Four #49, and was created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist and co-plotter Jack Kirby.
Starfinger is a fictional DC Comics supervillain.
Energizer, is a fictional character in Marvel Comics' universe.
He rides a fiery motorcycle and wields blasts of hellfire from his body, usually from his skeletal hands.
Instead of dying however, Isamu metamorphosed into the frightful form of Kukailimoku, having both superhuman strength and agility.
Fatality is a fictional character, a supervillain in the DC Comics universe.
A version of the character appears in the Netflix series Marvel's Jessica Jones, played by Wil Traval.
He is named after and inspired by the real life Tomás de Torquemada.
He is the son of Plastic Man, and has the same stretching powers as his father.
Zeus, full name Zeus Panhellenios, is a fictional character, a god appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
As Nightwing, he continues to lead the Teen Titans and later the Outsiders.
He is primarily an enemy of the Outsiders and the Doom Patrol.
Solo is a fictional character, appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is a member of the Eternals, an ancient and powerful race of superhumans.
Bheriya is a fictional character, an Indian comic book character, published by Raj Comics.
The first character to use the alias is Obadiah Stane who first appeared in Iron Man #163.
Jake Red Cloud, seen first in Red Cloud Comics, has been a fictional character since 2012.
Miss Misery is a fictional comic book character from DC Comics/Wildstorm.
The Runner is a fictional character that appeared in publications from Marvel Comics.
Oblivion is a character in the Marvel Comics universe.
Chief Judge Clarence Goodman is a fictional character in the Judge Dredd stories published in the British comic 2000 AD.
1 #4, and was created by Jack Kirby.
Subsequent Batman animated series featured him in depictions that alternated between deformed outcast and high-profile aristocrat, or a blend of the two.
The Witchblade comic was adapted into a television series in 2001, as well as an anime, a manga and a novel in 2006.
He is named after the father of Reed Richards.
Fago went on to create Atomic Rabbit and Atom the Cat.
The Human Target is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Circe was re-introduced yet again in 2011 in Men of War #2, as part of the DC Comics continuity-reboot known as The New 52.
Carrion is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Subsequently, the Eel became part of "Serpent Solutions", the evolution of the Serpent Society.
Since Marvel Comics revived the character in 1964, Captain America has remained in publication.
He has had some presence in the greater Marvel Universe.
He was first introduced as a henchman of Viper as she took control of the Serpent Society, deposing Sidewinder as the leader of the Society.
The current version of Lightning debuted in Justice Society of America vol.
In 2009, Vandal Savage was ranked as IGN's 36th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.
Rachel wanted to create a positive portrayal of a lesbian transgender lady.
Due to the sheer muscular mass of Bloodaxe, it was also impossible to determine whether the mortal alias was even male or female.
When the New Universe was brought into the mainstream Marvel Universe, he was one of the characters featured.
Early in his childhood, he displays various superhuman abilities, which, upon reaching maturity, he resolves to use for the benefit of humanity through a "Superman" identity.
Despite being a highly successful lawyer, he is also tormented by feelings of inferiority to his law partner.
It became an underground success, and was later adapted into a film of the same name in 1994.
Her signature uniform is a black suit with green stripes at her sides, with the Mayan symbol of night at her forehead.
Modifications on her body give her the power to generate energy blasts.
The original Chase series was reprinted in graphic novel form in December 2011.
Guardian resembles an earlier Kirby and Simon character, Captain America, in that he had no super powers and carried an indestructible shield.
Jesse Chambers is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
She stands at a rough height of 5'1" and weighs 125 lb.
This plot thread was dropped however as it was revealed in later issues that Matt refused to be his lawyer.
Scimitar is a master of bladed weapons who serves Master Khan.
Karkas is a fictional superhuman character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is the boy of the duo.
The title was also held by the mutant Gazer and, briefly, by Bruce Banner, the Hulk.
The Silent Knight is a fictional medieval hero appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
Tiboro is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
The comic book character was originally conceived by the Filipino comic book illustrator, Mars Ravelo and drawn by Elpidio Torres.
Starshine is the name of three fictional American comic book characters owned by the Marvel Comics and appearing in that company's Marvel Universe.
The plot is eventually foiled by Captain America and several members of the Serpent Society who remained loyal to Sidewinder.
She was first introduced as a member of the Mutant Liberation Front in New Mutants.
Drawing inspiration from Batman and Robin, the two protect Kandor as the superheroes Nightwing and Flamebird.
Green Lantern: The Animated Series is an American computer-animated television series based on the DC Comics superhero Green Lantern.
Carol Ferris was ranked 36th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Despite the resulting upgrades to her power, Dr. Cyber's disfigurement also wrought a mounting emotional instability.
The Raven is a fictional superhero character who first appeared in the Ace Comics title Sure-Fire Comics.
She first appears in Sandman #32, though she is first mentioned by her real name in Sandman #6.
General Dru-Zod is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with Superman.
Shuri, also known as the Black Panther, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Created by the writer Joe Simon and artist Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in Marvel Mystery Comics #13, published by Marvel predecessor Timely Comics.
The character has been depicted as a former Nazi sympathizer and has been mainly featured as an enemy of Spider-Man.
These comprise the original Rocket Red #7, Dmitri Pushkin and Gavril Ivanovich.
He was created by Tom DeFalco and Todd DeZago in Spider-Man: Maximum Clonage Alpha.
The character first appeared in WildStar: Sky Zero #1.
The character was created by Peter B. Gillis and Brent Anderson.
He was created by Steve Gerber and Sal Buscema.
Merlyn is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
In his first appearance, drawn by Rob Liefeld, Tyler has dark hair, but in all his later appearances, Tyler is blond.
He first appeared in Rampaging Hulk #2 and was created by John Warner and Val Mayerik.
Cannonball was a founding member of the X-Men's junior team The New Mutants.
Juggernaut is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Rather than a character with a single identity, Captain Universe is a persona that has merged with several hosts during its publication history.
Little Orphan Annie inspired a radio show in 1930, film adaptations by RKO in 1932 and Paramount in 1938 and a Broadway musical Annie in 1977.
The second and more prominent Ka-Zar was named Kevin Plunder, and first appeared in 1965.
In the first Spider-Man film, the burglar character is referred to only as a Carjacker.
Bug is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Centurius is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Her first death was under her guise as Marvel Girl, when she died and was "reborn" as Phoenix in "The Dark Phoenix Saga".
Through time travel the assassination was thwarted.
He is the alter ego of Pyotr "Peter" Nikolayevich Rasputin.
The character is an adversary of Marvel's mutant characters, including the X-Men.
The character was created by writer Alan Moore and artist Alan Davis, and first appeared in Marvel Super-Heroes #387.
Janu the Jungle Boy is a fictional character published by DC Comics.
Her first appearance is in a special insert in The New Teen Titans #16.
Set was the chief deity, a serpent-god, or “arch-demon”, of the Stygian people in Robert E. Howard’s stories of Conan the Barbarian in the Hyborian Age.
David Singh is a fictional character who appears in various DC Comics publications.
The titular character is an undead vigilante brought back to life by a supernatural crow to avenge his murder and that of his fiancée.
Bliss, also known as Nicole Callahan, is a supervillainess in the Wildstorm Universe of American comic books.
He sold the Quality Comics line to his competitor, DC Comics.
Most notably, actor Frank Grillo has portrayed the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Prijatelji are Serbian humoristic comic book series published only in Serbia.
For instance, she has been portrayed by Elizabeth Banks in the Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy, and by Angourie Rice in Spider-Man: Homecoming.
The character is depicted as a member of a human offshoot race known as the Eternals.
The character is depicted as being associated with the Green Lantern Corps, an extraterrestrial police force of which Rayner has been a member.
1 #310, created by writer Mark Gruenwald and artist Paul Neary.
It was after this incident that he got the name "Shikari" Shambu.
The High Evolutionary is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Parademons are a fictional group of extraterrestrials appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Merlin is a fictional character, a comic book magician published by DC Comics.
In a few continuities, Martha is also the one who creates Clark's superhero costume.
He is recognized for his trademark bowler hat.
Star Hawkins is a science fiction detective character published by DC Comics) in their flagship science-fiction anthology title Strange Adventures.
He appeared in all issues of Dynamic Comics #1-3 and #8-24, and appeared on the covers of #2 and 3.
Like Casper the Friendly Ghost and Hot Stuff the Little Devil, Wendy is an opposite-type character, a girl witch who does good deeds.
It was once controlled by the Mandarin and used against Iron Man, but has fought Iron Man several times even when not under the Mandarin's control.
Alpha is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
The story is set in a fictional universe's 30th and 31st centuries.
His first appearance was in Sunfire & Big Hero 6 #1 and was created by Steven T. Seagle and Duncan Rouleau.
Two of them are associated with the Batman mythos.
Another, unrelated Bedlam was an enemy of Alpha Flight.
The character is depicted usually as a supporting character in Hulk books.
He first appeared in Wolverine #163 and was created by Frank Tieri and Sean Chen.
In most depictions, she is a mutant, a human born with natural superhuman powers.
Sooraya is a mutant with the ability to transform her body into a malleable cloud of dust.
She is bisexual and has been romantically linked to both Green Lantern and Icemaiden.
Master Mold is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
Haven is a fictional mutant character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She also had her own solo series, Judge Hershey, in the Judge Dredd Megazine.
Bug-Eyed Bandit is the name of two fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Catherine Maureen Cobert is a fictional character published by DC Comics.
Within the mainstream Marvel Universe there have been other characters that have taken the mantle such as Ben Reilly and Doctor Octavius.
Boodikka is a tall, well-muscled humanoid alien female with pink skin and reddish black hair.
The character is a pastiche of Will Eisner's The Spirit.
She is the girlfriend of Kyle Rayner before he receives the Green Lantern power ring from Ganthet.
Jack Power, currently known as Mass Master, formerly Counterweight and Destroyer, is a fictional character in Marvel Comics' universe.
1 #23, and was created by Sven Elven.
He was originally an enemy of the Golden Age Angel but also had run-ins with Captain America as well as the WW II-era Black Panther.
In comic book stories beginning in 2015, he is the product of genetic experimentation by the High Evolutionary.
An earlier version was known simply as Zar, in the pulp version of Ka-Zar the Savage, featured in Ka-Zar magazine.
Along with Marvel Comics' Namor the Sub-Mariner and Toro, he is among the first mutant metahuman superheroes, predating X-Men by 12 years.
Abyss is a name used for three distinct characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Miller initially based the character's appearance on Lisa Lyon, a female bodybuilder.
He first appeared in a special insert published in Fury of Firestorm #24.
Coachwhip is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is the future self of Kang the Conqueror.
Julie Madison is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman.
The Melter is the name of three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Brimstone Love is a fictional character appearing in the comic books published by Marvel Comics, under their Marvel 2099 imprint.
Professor Phobos is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
The Reaper, the alias of Gunther Strauss, is a supervillain in the fictional shared universe of Marvel Comics, and an enemy of Captain America and Bucky.
Kristoff Vernard is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Karma is a mutant endowed with the ability to seize control of another's mind, though she has sometimes been depicted with other more extensive psionic abilities.
His powers are enhanced strength, speed and agility.
Unlike his father, Shin Harada he has no superpowers and relies on technology for his weapons.
Stacy X is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He first appeared in Moon Knight, Volume 1 #29.
She is an immortal member of the Adrastea class from Khera and a trained Coda warrior.
The character first appeared in the issue Curfew.
The character was first portrayed in live action by Danny Seagren in Spidey Super Stories, a The Electric Company skit which ran from 1974 to 1977.
Agent 327 is a playful Dutch action/comedy comic series by cartoonist Martin Lodewijk.
Tara Fremont is a fictional character appearing in the Femforce comic book, published by AC Comics.
Midnight's Fire is a fictional supervillain in the Marvel Comics universe.
He once wielded the Casket of Ancient Winters.
Warlock is a fictional character appearing in publications by Marvel Comics.
Destiny is a fictional cosmic character in the Marvel Comics Universe created by Steve Gerber and George Tuska, whose first appearance was in Marvel Two-in-One #6.
However, he is often doing something interesting in the background and occasionally fulfills an important part of the plot.
Magog is a fictional character in the comic books published by DC Comics, generally as an enemy of Superman.
IGN rated him as the greatest enemy of Spider-Man.
While originally a villain, he gained a great respect for Spider-Man and became his occasional ally.
The film spawned three direct sequels as well as other more loosely connected films.
He first appeared in New Avengers #16 as the Collective before becoming a member of the Omega Flight team.
They sold Superman to Detective Comics, the future DC Comics, in 1938.
Tether is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe.
The character of Robin Hood was made popular by Howard Pyle's 19th century novel The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood.
The character is usually depicted as the archenemy of the superhero Captain America.
He first appeared in a back up story within WildC.A.T.s volume 1 #11.
Batwing is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character is depicted as an extraterrestrial supervillain of the race known as the Watchers, in the fictional Marvel Universe.
Different media appearances depict him as the brother of Collector.
The comic follows the adventures of the title character and his uncle Vukoje as they travel around the Balkans as early Slavic scouts.
Beginning in 2015, she stars as the protagonist in the young adult novel series, Lois Lane, by writer Gwenda Bond.
He was created by Doug Moench and Bill Sienkiewicz.
There are two G-Man collections: Learning to Fly and Cape Crisis.
Bill eventually came to see this life as a betrayal of his former life.
Elysius is an artificially created being possessing the attributes of an Eternal.
One final inventoried tale was published in 1989, in a Marvel Comics hardcover collection of all the Fighting American stories.
Trader is a name shared by two fictional characters appearing in the Marvel Comics universe.
Marvel had previously used the name for a Western character whose name was later changed to Phantom Rider.
He has a deep hatred of the Thing, who is romantically interested in his stepdaughter, Alicia Masters.
Majestic is a WildStorm Comics superhero created by writer H. K. Proger and artist Jim Lee.
He first appeared in Detective Comics #344.
Gloria Grant, more commonly known as Glory Grant, is a Marvel Comics supporting character of Spider-Man.
She first appeared in Jim Valentino's Shadowhawk #7 where ShadowHawk meets a mysterious red haired girl who has the power to deflect anything thrown at her.
Purge is a fictional mutant character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Infinity-Man is a fictional character, an extraterrestrial superhero published by DC Comics.
A short time later, Malibu Comics was acquired by Marvel.
The first appeared in many Golden Age adventures with Wonder Woman.
Mister Twister is the name of three fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Bolgar becomes an ally of Flash in the episode "Blame", when Flash saves his son Rivu from poisoning and convinces him the Deviates are not responsible.
Talon is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is a pastiche of the DC Comics character Superman.
In March 2015, Dark Horse announced they would be planning a new series starring the heroine.
The third Raptor appears in the The Amazing Spider-Man.
The character appeared in the MC2 series A-Next.
Created by Paul Kupperberg and Joe Staton, he first appears as the hero Tempest in Showcase #94.
Tommy Tomorrow was a long-running science fiction hero published by DC Comics in several of their titles from 1947 to 1963.
He was created by Jack Kirby and first appeared in The Eternals vol.
Instead of taking on the mantle of Robin, which is traditionally that of Batman's sidekick, Harper Row instead adopts an entirely new superhero identity, Bluebird.
During the "Civil War" storyline BAD Girls, Inc. sided with Captain America's Anti-Registration group.
In 2007, the New Universe concepts were also revived, in a modified form, as a single-title ongoing series, newuniversal.
In feature films, Dolph Lundgren portrayed the Punisher in 1989, as did Thomas Jane in 2004, and Ray Stevenson in 2008.
Crossbones usually appears as an ally of the Red Skull.
Solitaire is a superhero comic book created by Gerard Jones and Jeff Johnson in 1993 for Malibu Comics.
He is an enemy of the Punisher.
His ghost played an important role in James Robinson's 1990s Starman series.
In the early 1960s, he starred in a series of solo adventures, published in Strange Tales.
Terra-Man is a fictional character and supervillain who appears in Superman stories published by DC Comics.
He is Spawn's former master and archenemy who serves as one of the major Lords of Hell.
After the closing of Milestone Comics, Frieda became part of DC's mainstream universe of characters.
Following three more appearances in Showcase, Rip Hunter was given his own series which ran for 29 issues.
The character's first published appearance is in Star Spangled Comics #122,.
Professor Carter Nichols is a fictional character, a comic book scientist published by DC Comics.
Ruby Thursday is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Bloodstone is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He is a member of the Inhumans, and was also part of the delegation sent to Earth.
Hellrazor is a fictional assassin character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Super Commando Dhruva, whose complete name is Dhruva Mehra, is additionally referred to as Captain Dhruva by the cadets of his Commando Force.
Peregrine falcons have been recorded diving at speeds of 200 miles per hour, making them the fastest-moving creatures on Earth.
Captain Triumph is a superhero from the Golden Age of Comics who first appeared in Crack Comics #27, published in January 1943 by Quality Comics.
Vincente Cimetta is a mutant villain from the Generation X title belonging to Marvel Comics.
Karen Page is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Doc pared down his team, working mainly with Monk and Ham, and sometimes alone.
Moses Magnum is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character appears in the Marvel UK imprint.
The character is primarily associated with the X-Men.
He first appeared in JLA #7, and was created by Grant Morrison and Howard Porter.
The Avenger Hawkeye of the Marvel Universe also briefly used the costumed identity of the Golden Archer.
Mister Miracle is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Highfather is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
The Blob appears in the 2009 superhero film X-Men Origins: Wolverine, where he is played by actor Kevin Durand.
The Danger Room is a fictional training facility appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Christian Walker is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
After arriving in New York City, Wing befriended former police officer Misty Knight with whom she started a private investigation agency.
Robert Edward Kelly is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster, high school students living in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1933.
Jo-Jo, Congo King was a fictional character that appeared in comic books published by Fox Feature Syndicate.
Drax's powers included enhanced strength and resilience, flight, and the ability to project energy blasts from his hands.
He was an ally of The Punisher for many years and assisted the Punisher by building weapons, supplying technology and providing friendship.
Extraño is a fictional superhero magician published by DC Comics.
He was created by writer Bill Finger and one or more of the five artists who contributed one or more chapters to his 44-page debut story.
Created by Stan Lee and Don Heck, the character made his first appearance in The Avengers #34.
It is unclear to what extent this character was inspired from the earlier Dynamic Man.
She was first introduced to the series in issues #44 and #45.
Vibrania is a Marvel Comics superheroine character from the fictional country of Kwarrai, Africa.
He first appeared in Yellowjacket Comics #1
Stuart Clarke is a comic book character in the Marvel Comics universe, an ex-supervillain who first fought as Rampage against the short-lived Champions team.
Firehair is a comic book character who appeared in features in the comic book anthology Rangers Comics, published by Fiction House.
She appeared in many later Earth-Two features, including the multigenerational Infinity, Inc. series featuring her daughter Fury.
Rattler is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Kid Supreme is series of fictional characters appearing in the comic book series Supreme and related books.
The character was created by writers Dann Thomas and Roy Thomas and artist Paul Ryan.
Krul has described the character as being "a positive spirit - influenced by the various cultures she’s encountered during her travels throughout the world.
ISAAC is an English version of an acronym in the language of the Eternals of Titan standing for: Integral Synaptic Anti+/Anionic Computer.
Lodestone is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He later spun off into two brief series, one written by Dennis O'Neil in 1968 and another written by Len Kaminski in 1997 and 1998.
His first appearance was in Cable vol.
Issue #1 of Simone's run was released in July 2013, and reviews were positive.
Eden Fesi, also known as Manifold, is a fictional, mutant superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character is responsible for the murder of Ashley Kafka, a supporting character in various Spider-Man comic books and adapted media.
For many years, Foster was a nurse employed by Dr. Donald Blake, Thor's first mortal host, before becoming a doctor herself.
The Angelus has been featured in comics with her enemies the Darkness and the Witchblade.
The first Ka-Zar was named David Rand, and debuted in 1936, first appearing in pulp magazines of the 1930s.
The comic's first publication was in 2003, and has largely been a quarterly publication.
Malikai is the protagonist of Michael Turner's Soulfire.
The character has been featured in the comic book series The New Mutants and X-Force.
In this series, Thun appeared as a literal lion man, with a lion's head and claws on a human body.
He is the younger brother of May Parker/Spider-Girl, and the son of Mary Jane and Peter Parker/Spider-Man.
They are of the myriad "gimmick" villains in Gotham City, their trademark being their obsession with motion pictures.
It is among the most popular characters of Italian comics, with translations to numerous languages all around the world.
Mustang Ironheart is the protagonist in the extremely rare Mustang Ironheart series of graphic novels and movie adaptations.
The Wendigo character has also appeared in several Marvel cartoon series.
Demogoblin is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Sunburst is the name of two fictional Japanese superheroes published by DC Comics.
Reaper is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In 2011 IGN ranked Groo 100th in the "Top 100 comic books heroes".
Manta is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jackson also cameos in multiple episodes of the related Marvel television show Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Along with the new Nightwing, Thara is the feature character in Action Comics beginning with issue #875.
According to the new Overstreet Price Guide, Dreadstar was originally introduced in Epic Illustrated magazine #3.
She became the lover of Mar-Vell, and after his death used his genetic material to impregnate herself with Genis-Vell and Phyla-Vell.
Meneer Pheip is a Flemish comic book character from the Belgian comic strip The Adventures of Nero by Marc Sleen.
We wanted to show an interesting character whose homosexuality is part of him, not something that’s hidden.
His physical appearance is generally a redhead with green eyes, and is generally portrayed with a lighthearted, comical, and caring personality.
The entity has bonded with other characters, and often used the alias Phoenix while bonded.
The character was created by writers John Tomlinson & Andy Lanning and artist Dermot Power.
Neon first appeared in a story penciled and inked by Lou Fine in Hit Comics #1 and was featured on the cover of that same issue.
His first appearance was in Captain America Annual #4 and was created by writer/artist Jack Kirby.
He is Gwen Stacy's father, and a strong supporter of Spider-Man often defending the superhero when others accuse.
The first Purple Mask story was reprinted in Daring Mystery 70th Anniversary Special.
Super Indian is an Indian comic book character, one of a number of titles published by Raj Comics.
Reintroduced as Kate Kane, the modern Batwoman began operating in Gotham City in Batman's absence following the events of the company-wide crossover Infinite Crisis.
Shaman is a fictional character, superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Over the millennia the Controllers realized they would have to take a more active stance by attacking chaos at its roots.
He was created and written by Mike Richardson and the other members of Team CGW.
Al Pratt is a character in the DC Comics Universe, the original hero to fight crime as the Atom.
He is named after the banshee, a legendary ghost from Irish mythology, said to possess a powerful cry.
Shortly thereafter, Roxy appeared in "Knight Time", an episode of Superman: The Animated Series.
Mister Fantastic is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
They are among the few heroes on the series not to have originated in the comic book.
He starred in the Protectors series and the Arrow one-shot.
The OMACs are a fictional type of powerful cyborg that exist in the DC Comics universe.
Prince Evillo is a fictional supervillain in the DC Comics universe.
Dan Slott also contributed a humorous side story in issue #25.
Pixie, a Marvel Comics character most prominently featured in the series, Marvel: The Lost Generation
Destruction is one of the Endless, fictional characters from Neil Gaiman's comic book series The Sandman.
Created by Mark Gruenwald, Carmine Infantino, and Al Gordon, the character first appeared in Spider-Woman #9.
Chapel is a fictional character and supervillain comic book character appearing in books published by his creator, Rob Liefeld.
An animated movie of the character was made in 2009.
Morbius the Living Vampire, a scientist named Dr. Michael Morbius PhD, MD, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Cyclone is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe.
Created by Brian Michael Bendis and Mark Bagley, the character appears in the pages of Ultimate Spider-Man.
Galen DeMarco is a fictional character in the British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd.
Gamesmaster is a fictional mutant character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
She first appeared in the second series of the Teen Titans comics in issue #1.
She was created by writer David Kraft and artist Mike Vosburg.
The Mad Hatter is depicted as a scientist who invents and uses technological mind-controlling devices to influence and manipulate the minds of his victims.
Etta Candy is a fictional character appearing in DC Comics publications and related media, commonly as the best friend of the superhero Wonder Woman.
The second Yellowjacket, she is initially a reluctant supervillainess and later superheroine.
Blackfire is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
He has his own statue in Wuustwezel.
Guardian is often confused with Captain Canuck, another Canadian-themed superhero with similar costume and superpowers.
Frankenstein's Monster is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
His nickname comes from his large head that is perfectly flat on the top.
The asteroid 98494 Marsupilami is named in its honour.
Batman takes him in as a legal ward and the crime-fighting partner Robin.
Haunt is a fictional comic book superhero who appeared in a self-titled ongoing series published by Image Comics.
Norman McCay is a fictional character from the DC Comics series Kingdom Come, where he acted as the narrator and de facto protagonist.
He first appeared in Justice League of America #10 and was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Mike Sekowsky.
He is the father of Alex Wilder.
The first issue tells the story of a deformed and abused child's journey to becoming an assassin.
The comic debuted in 2009 with issue #0 on the Top Cow website and the first issue printed in June 2009.
He is always calm, detached, and somber even in extreme situations.
Man-Elephant is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Visually, his defining marks are his red stretch costume with a black tarantula on its chest and the poisonous stingers attached to his boots.
His first appearance was in Excalibur vol.
Marvel has featured Spider-Man in several comic book series, the first and longest-lasting of which is titled The Amazing Spider-Man.
However this didn't stop him from standing up to incompetent superiors, or defending other enlisted men from overzealous courts-martial.
Brad Meltzer and Ed Benes created this character, who was inspired by the concepts of Jack Kirby.
He debuted in Warlord #55, and was created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema.
Asmodeus is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Hitman is the name of three fictional characters that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Primarily an ally of superhero Black Panther, the character exists within Marvel's main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.
She is a mutant with superhuman powers.
Writer Franz opposed the American war in Vietnam, and the Schultz character reflected the divisiveness of the era.
Englehart also wrote three episodes of the series.
Ego is portrayed by Kurt Russell in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.
Cavewoman is an American alternative comic book created by writer-artist Budd Root, and published primarily by Basement Comics and additionally by Caliber Comics and Avatar Press.
D'Ken Neramani is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
is a fictional robot and an ally of the Fantastic Four appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Beyonder is a fictional cosmic entity appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Loki has appeared in several ongoing series, limited series and alternate reality series, including his own 4-issue series Loki.
Murmur is the name of two fictional characters who appear in the Marvel Comics universe.
Wing is a fictional mutant character appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character is based loosely on the Osiris of Egyptian mythology.
In some incarnations of the character, she is closely related to the villain Shredder as his adopted daughter or biological granddaughter.
Shortpack is a fictional character, a telepathic mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Created by artist Jack Burnley and editors Whitney Ellsworth, Murray Boltinoff, Jack Schiff, Mort Weisinger, and Bernie Breslauer, he first appeared in Adventure Comics #61.
Robert "Bobby" Lane is the fictional superhero Burnout from Wildstorm Comics.
The Dweller-in-Darkness is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Ancient One is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The character first appeared in Detective Comics #81,, and was created by Don Cameron and Bob Kane.
Created by Matt Fraction, Rick Remender, and Howard Chaykin, the character made her first appearance in Punisher War Journal Vol.
He also appears in the film's 2017 sequel, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.
Everett said the character's name was inspired by Samuel Taylor Coleridge's poem, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner".
Pyro is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Madame Masque is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Raa is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
1 #110, as an enemy of Spider-Man and Iron Man.
Krypto is Superman's pet dog, and his breed is never specified in the comics.
It is unknown for how long Oshtur left earth, but it is presumed to be millions of years.
Both Eels were at one point a member of the Serpent Squad even though the character they portray was not actually based on a snake.
In spite of this, Hama was able to resolve the storyline early.
Martinique has the ability of creating telepathic illusions, a power she shares with Regan and inherited from their father.
She has commented that she is over 100 years old.
Most of his adventures take place in the fictional American town of Smallville.
Scorn is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.
Privately she maintains her wealth through black market weaponry deals and other shady practices.
The Octopus has never showed his face in the stories, but readers could always identify the character by the distinctive gloves he always wore.
A film adaptation of Hack/Slash was in development by Rogue Pictures.
Stumbo was also friends with a Chinese giant.
The character was ranked 68th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Minister Blizzard is a fictional ice-powered villain who has battled Wonder Woman.
He first appeared in The Incredible Hulk vol.
Magnificent is a fictional character published in the New Universe imprint of Marvel Comics.
Fusion is a name of two fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The narrator of these stories was his hero-worshipping navigator, George Bourne.
1 #86, his first appearance as Mr. Nobody was in Doom Patrol vol.
The first Mondo's first appearance was in Generation X #3.
She is a human/leopard hybrid, a wereleopard.
Scrambler is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe.
Punch and Jewelee are supervillains in the DC Universe.
Stevie Hunter is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Monarch was created by Archie Goodwin, Denny O'Neil, and Dan Jurgens, and first appeared in Armageddon 2001 #1, cover dated October.
Doctor Light is a supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
They planned to later reveal her ultra powers, thereby skyrocketing her popularity.
He first appeared in the limited series Logan #1.
He first saw print in comics published by Paul Grist's Dancing Elephant Press, and is now published by Image Comics.
Joe Jitsu was the name of one of Dick Tracy's crimefighters.
The original Skullbuster first appeared in Uncanny X-Men #229 and was created by Chris Claremont and Marc Silvestri.
Nyx is a comic book character created by Brian Holguin who appears in the Spawn comic book series as an ally of Al Simmons.
Wonder Woman takes Zola under her protection and tries to fight off forces that might try to harm her or her baby.
Scorpio is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Hiro Takachiho is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Roy Harper is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
The elder brother of the twin superheroes Captain Britain and Psylocke, he is a mutant possessing the ability to manipulate reality in a variety of ways.
He first appeared in Night Thrasher #3, and was created by Fabian Nicieza and Ken Lashley.
He first worked with Dick Grayson before going to work alongside his father, upon the original's return to the role of Batman.
Captain Hurricane was a fictional comic book character in Valiant during the 1960s and 1970s.
It was heavily implied that there was an entire race of Lion Men on Mongo, but Thun was the only one who ever appeared onscreen.
She is the wife and partner of the Swamp Thing and is the mother of Tefé Holland.
For other comic book characters with a similar name, see Gaia.
Clayface is an alias used by several fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
The character G-MAN previously made small appearances in the Savage Dragon series.
2, #65 alluded to Murdock having been Bont's attorney at one time.
The first, second, and fourth characters are superheroes, while the third character is a supervillain.
Voiced by Peri Gilpin, she made her first appearance in the episode "Where There's Smoke".
Jigsaw is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In the various incarnations, films, and spin-offs, many people have taken on the Crow persona in order to avenge their own wrongful deaths.
Helspont is a fictional character, a former supervillain in Wildstorm's comics who was transplanted to the DC Comics Universe.
He is a foe of the Silver Age Green Lantern.
She occasionally tries to take over the world.
She was ranked 24th on IGN's "Top 25 Spider-Man Villains" list, as well as 27th in Comics Buyer's Guide's "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Devlin O'Ryan, occasionally codenamed Reflex, is a fictional character in the DC Universe.
Created by Mike Sekowsky, she was modified as Wonder Woman's younger sister when she was featured on the Wonder Woman Television series played by Debra Winger.
In 2011, IGN ranked him 21st in the Top 100 Comic Book Heroes.
Harley Quinn is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Matrix is a fictional comic book superheroine, best known as the 1988–2002 Supergirl, published by DC Comics.
The character first appeared in X-Men: Apocalypse/Dracula #1.
Venom was ranked as the 22nd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time in IGN's list of the top 100 comic villains.
He is a main character in the story "Tour of Duty".
He was the young sidekick to the character TNT, and was created by Mort Weisinger and Hal Sharp in 1942.
Pandora debuted in The Comic Reader #197,, and was created by Len Wein and Ross Andru.
Credited to Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, he first appeared in The Fantastic Four #13.
